The Nekromanteion "Ready to climb." Rey adjusted her left leg loop around her thigh, brushed her gloved fingers against the cam and the half dozen extenders hooked to her gear loops, and then tugged on the rope with a brief smile to Finn. Her face was flushed with excitement. Finn attached her rope to the belay device, rattling it against the carabiner on his harness, but he hesitated short of giving her the thumb's up. "We should wait for Poe," he said, squinting at Rey. Two weeks into their summer program and he still wasn't used to the sweltering heat. The sky was a brilliant shade of blue, cloudless and bright. His face was covered in a thin sheen of sweat. So was hers when she rolled her eyes at him. "And San Tekka?" Poe left to pick up the professor, who'd told the students to wait until he 'made some calls'. "He's never going to let us down there," she could see the bureaucracy coming a kilometer away. They'd have to get permission to excavate which had to go through the government, and even if they did get permission she and Finn would be sidelined because of university politics. "It isn't safe," he hedged, now that most of the adrenaline had worn off. The three of them had parked on the side of the road, combed through the nearby ruins of a fortified farmhouse excavated in the late fifties, and decided to take the dog for a walk. Rey jogged in front with BB-8 and then she stepped into what they thought was a sinkhole. One foot forward and suddenly the ground collapsed, the result of yesterday's earthquake. Poe scooped up the dog. Finn grabbed Rey's arm and together the foursome watched the earth give way, crumbling into the yawning chasm below. Rey snapped a blue glowstick in half and dropped it into the hole. It struck the cavern floor several feet below and rolled into what might have been a column. Look, Finn wanted to believe they'd discovered something but... what were the chances that a few college students would stumble across ruins nobody had found in over a millennium? He wasn't even an archaeology major. He only applied to the program because of Rey - and because he needed to get away from London since he dropped out of OTC. His old mates wouldn't stop hassling him about it. " Finn ." "Poe's got the car," he reminded her defensively, "If something happens to you, we'll be stranded." "I've been free climbing for ages," and until she met Finn, she never had a belayer, "I know what I'm doing." "This isn't a rock wall, Rey, it's a... hole in the ground. You don't know what's down there," snakes, probably, and scorpions and those giant Mediterranean recluse spiders that he kept finding in his shower. "No one does," she retorted, "Don't you know what this means?" Finn looked at her. "We could be rich ." Rey didn't go into archaeology for money - obviously - but she'd be lying if she said she hadn't thought about cashing in on their discovery. What if they found votive offerings? They could pass it on to a museum for a finder's fee. Her school bills and rent weren't going to pay themselves. She barely scraped by working at the garage and she took off six weeks to do this program. Professor San Tekka bent over backwards to cover the cost with scholarship applications, but Rey grimaced at the prospect of going home empty-handed. She'd be eating ketchup on Ramen noodles until September. But all of that could change if this was real. "Are you with me or not?" Finn rubbed his fingers through short black hair and sighed in resignation. "What do you think?" She smiled at him. "Belay on?" He nodded. "Climb when ready." Rey snapped on a second glowstick and shoved it between her teeth, biting down gently so she wouldn't have to hold it with her hands. Slipping into the hole, she released her hold on the ground and dropped nearly three feet. The rope contracted under Finn's grasp and Rey found herself suspended in mid-air. She breathed in through her nose and tugged on the rope, encouraging him to give her more slack. She felt for the camera at her waist, slid it over her right hand, and turned it on as Finn slowly lowered her into the cavern. She swept the lens along the floor, and what it caught on film was gloomy and tinted blue. She twisted around to record what was behind her, tilted her head back to examine the ceiling. Sunlight streamed through the hole she'd climbed through and bathed part of the wall, and she could see what was left of the foundations, the load-bearing arches which preserved the room between massive columns, even after it had been sacked by the Romans and swallowed up by the earth. Rey pulled the glowstick out of her mouth, tucking it into her belt with one hand, and shouted up to him, "Finn, you should see this." "What is it?" Exertion tightened his voice. "Structural integrity," she murmured breathlessly. "What?" " Architecture, " she said, her voice echoing dimly, "I see... columns... and arches, this is definitely something." She couldn't date the ruins, but this proved what she already knew: it was not a 'hole in the ground'. Rey's boots touched down on the floor, soles scraping against hard earth. "Safe." "You made it?" "Yeah." She unlatched her harness from the rope and shielded her eyes from the sun, peering up at him from the cavern floor. "I'm going to take a look around." Finn protested, he told her to stay in his line of sight and within arm's reach of the rope. She was grateful to have a friend like him, someone who watched her back and kept her grounded. He looked out for her and he wasn't wrong, this was dangerous. And she knew if she got caught she'd be in a lot of trouble. She wasn't a specialist, or an experienced excavator, and she didn't have any clearance to be down here... But look at where she was . She was standing on ground that no one had touched in two thousand years. It was a heady sensation and she felt giddy. Rey promised herself that she would only do a quick walk-through, get everything on tape for herself - and for Finn - and then she'd go back. She moved carefully, stepping over the rubble and dirt from the caved in ceiling, the soft spot where she'd nearly fallen through. Her video camera crawled along the length of the floor. In the middle of the room lay a heavily worn down slab of marble and behind it was a tunnel framed by an archway. Rey circled the table - or the altar, maybe, she wasn't sure what it was - slowly and her video camera lingered over the sides of the stone. There were words carved into the marble but most of them had been chiseled away and it was nearly impossible to read. Rey ran her glowstick along the length of the arch behind the table, lips parting as she made out the shape of each stucco stone, perfectly aligned and symmetrical. It was beautiful. She shone the light from her camera down the passageway and her eyes widened. She counted nine arches in total but she suspected there might be more. It looked as if the corridor had caved in at the end - where a tenth arch should be. Not that nine was an insignificant number. It took nine days for an anvil to fall from heaven to earth, and nine more for it to fall from earth into Tartarus. There were nine muses. Leto gave birth in nine days to the twins. And then there was Persephone... A responsible archaeologist would stop, wouldn't trample all over a new site without proper lighting and tools. All she brought was her climbing gear. But at the end of the corridor was a large fissure, and Rey impulsively reached forward to brush her thumb along the crevice. The rumbling started under her feet and she jerked her hand back as if she'd been burned, curling her gloved fingers into a fist. The ground trembled and so did her body, her knees, her stomach, her teeth chattering, and Rey lost her balance. She fell into the arch with a panicked realization. "Finn!" She dropped her camera and clapped her hands over her ears, letting out a pained gasp as the thundering grew so loud she thought her eardrums would burst. It sounded like horses' hooves, dozens of them pounding through the earth, and she lurched forward unsteadily, staggering down the corridor and desperate to reach the rope - and Finn - before the tunnel collapsed on top of her. The tremors stopped. She was in between the third and fourth arches when the sound cut out suddenly. The ground no longer shook. Everything was still. Rey sucked in a steadying breath and then she looked up. Through the murky blue light of her glowstick she saw something move at the end of the corridor. It - he - stepped out of the darkness which clung to his robes and his hair and his eyes. He was so tall that his head nearly brushed the keystone of the arch, shoulders broad and skin so pale it made her think of bone. He was the largest, palest person she'd ever seen and she shrank back slightly. He stared at her unblinkingly. She stared back. His face was long, his nose and ears pronounced, and his lips were full. This softened the rest of his features - everything but his eyes which reminded her of raw obsidian, dark and cold. She couldn't get the image out of her mind. He spoke to her. His voice was grave but not hoarse. "Den katalaveno," Rey stumbled over her own words. I don't understand. Her head ached and she felt disoriented, so even the most common phrases - the ones any tourist should know - were difficult for her to put together. He repeated himself and the words were slower but no less painful. The dragged-out syllables rubbed the inside of her head, so deep and low it hurt. She couldn't focus. She shook her head. "Ego milo mono leego elinka," and what Greek she did know wasn't the same as whatever he was speaking, "Milate anglika?" Do you speak English? She could see her breath in front of her face, and she shivered inexplicably. "Yes." "Who are you?" He didn't answer her. "Do you understand me?" "Yes." Okay, so did this mean he was choosing to ignore her? Rey's annoyance unstuck her tongue from the roof of her mouth. She had to get a handle on her fear. She was just startled, that's all, startled by a stranger who'd appeared out of... nowhere. "How did you get down here?" and more importantly, "Where's Finn?" No one could have gotten down here without him noticing, and if this wanker did something to Finn - "Your companion is unharmed." His English was low-pitched and unaccented. She wished her Greek sounded as good. His speech was a little stilted but she wasn't sure if that was... the way he spoke, or the fact that English wasn't his native language. Rey swallowed hard. "This is our dig site," she said to him flatly, guessing that he might be trying to poach their excavation. She crossed her arms over her chest and buried her hands in the crooks of her elbows, to warm them up, "We found it first. Our professor is already in contact with antiquities services." She eyed him warily when he moved. She would've retreated to the other end of the corridor but she was transfixed by the movement of his cloak, slithering across the ground, billowing like smoke around his feet. A sudden fear cinched itself in her chest and her entire body shook with the effort to move, to struggle free, to escape from the invisible pressure holding her in place. He stood very close to her and she wanted to scream. Her breath came out in harsh bursts between her teeth and her neck was tight. She tried to recoil when he reached out to touch her face - but she couldn't. He brushed the back of his hand, his knuckles, against her cheek and Rey gasped violently. A stinging cold bit through her skin, and his fingers were hard and sinewy as ice. He watched her flinch with a detached interest and took her chin in his palm. His eyes were black, and gleamed eerily in the blue glow of her light. "Hubris is unbecoming in a mortal," he said quietly, and she tasted his breath on her lips. It didn't taste like anything. "Even one such as yourself." What does that mean? "You have no claim to the Nekromanteion, scavenger." Rey knew that word. Nekromanteion, Oracle of Death, referred to the temple dedicated to Hades. It was said that celebrants would convene to speak to the dead, sacrificing black sheep and carrying offerings through chthonic corridors in supplication to him. She knew that word because it was the misnomer given to the ruins she, Finn, and Poe had visited earlier in the day. In 1958, an archaeologist named Dakaris mistakenly identified a farmhouse as the fabled Nekromanteion, and it was believed to be so for many years - until it was determined that those ruins were at least four hundred years younger than the first description ever recorded of such a temple. "Yes," he answered the question as soon as it formed in her mind - is this the Nekromanteion? - and it startled her. She should have been afraid, she was afraid , but concentrating on that word and cycling through her knowledge of it helped her focus. "How clever you are." "Rey!" Her eyes darted towards the sound of Finn's voice and the knot in her chest loosened slightly. She was relieved. "Rey, where are you? Can you hear me?" He watched her reaction, linking the single syllable name to the body in front of him, and suddenly it was gone. Whatever it was that got in her throat, and paralyzed her muscles, and made it impossible for her to do anything but stand here ... it disappeared. Rey's knees crumpled and her vision swam. She thought she saw the gleam of something black sliding over his head but she couldn't tell what it was - a helmet, maybe - and he vanished just as she blacked out, collapsing in a heap on the ground. Chapter 2 : Resemblance Summary: Hecate warns Hades of forming an attachment to a mortal. He does not respond well. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Finn wouldn't speak to her. He found her and he woke her up, and he helped her climb out of the cavern via a camming device he locked into the ground to rappel himself down with. He gathered up the rope and stuffed it into her duffel bag as the car rolled down the road towards them with San Tekka in the passenger's seat. Rey answered her professor's questions distractedly, but no matter how many times she tried to catch Finn's eye, he ignored her. They stayed at the site until the end of the day, when representatives from the government - and the English embassy - arrived to secure the area while the permit paperwork made its way through bureaucratic channels. It was nearly ten o'clock by the time they piled into the car and drove back to Ioannina. Their school had an agreement with the Greek university which allowed foreign students to be housed on campus during the summer. Rey liked this better than a hostel because she got to have her own room. Poe dropped her off and she dragged Finn with her, waiting until the car pulled away before she turned on him and demanded, "What is the matter with you?" The silent treatment was pretty juvenile - and effective - which made her indignant, "I don't even know what I did wrong!" " Really? " It was the first word he said to her, and now he was glaring at her. Rey had never seen him this mad, "How about the next time I say, 'hey, Rey, don't jump into the giant hole', you don't jump into the giant hole ? I told you it wasn't safe!" " That's what this is about?" Rey said incredulously, "You want a chance to say 'I told you so'?" "No," he retorted, and his voice broke slightly. Finn could never stay angry for long, especially if it was masking something else - like fear, or worry, or relief that things didn't turn out worse, "I want you to be careful." Rey's resentment ebbed and her voice softened when she reminded him, "I'm fine." "You didn't look fine when I found you," and he'd thought the worst until he felt her pulse. It was steady. "I didn't know if you were going to wake up." His voice dropped low and he mumbled the words, shoving his hands into the pockets of Poe's jacket. "I'm sorry." The apology was unexpected - she hardly ever apologized, and Finn's head snapped up in surprise - but Rey didn't take it back. He didn't even give her time to feel uncomfortable about blurting the words out, because he pulled her into a hug, wrapping his arms around her back and squeezing tightly, both reassuring and reassured that she was in one piece. "Finn," she patted his shoulder after a few long seconds, because she was not a big hugger and he knew that about her. He let her go with a somewhat sheepish expression. "Did you find anything out about him?" "Who?" "The man who was down there with me," she thought he was Greek but she wasn't sure about his dialect, "Tall, pale, really dark hair," kind of attractive, she supposed, older than her but not too old, "Very creepy," impossible to miss. "I didn't see anyone." He sounded genuinely confused. Rey frowned. "So you weren't pretending... just to get back at me?" Acting like he didn't know what she was talking about, that he didn't see anyone else in the cavern - or anywhere near the site - or feel the ground quake the way she did. "Rey," he reproached her in a 'don't you know me better than that?' kind of way, "There was no one down there but you." "He was there." She didn't pass out of her own accord. He had something to do with that. "I didn't make it up." "I didn't say you did." "You don't believe me." She could hear it in his voice and this made her defensive. "Rey..." "What?" "You hit your head pretty hard." "I didn't imagine it," she snapped at Finn impatiently, "I hit my head after I saw him. He... must have found another way out, one of the tunnels or something." The Nekromanteion was full of tunnels braced by iron gates, at least according to historical records. Rey wasn't sure how he would have found them undetected by her - or Finn - but if he knew enough about the area, and was an experienced excavator, he could probably do it. "Rey, there were no other tunnels." "He didn't just disappear," into thin air, because that wasn't possible. He couldn't hold her in place with his mind either. Or read her thoughts. Or have skin colder than a corpse. She knew a lot of what she 'remembered' couldn't be real, but his face... Finn didn't want to argue with her, so in his most neutral voice he suggested she get some sleep. She could point the man out to him tomorrow when they returned to the excavation site, because if he was as familiar with the ruins as she said he was, he'd be back. Rey grudgingly agreed and only because she was determined to prove to Finn that she didn't faint out of latent claustrophobia, or anything like that. She wasn't afraid of tight spaces, or dark places, or heights, or clowns - and she didn't psyche herself out. She knew she wasn't in the tunnel alone. Rey took a long shower, scrubbing her scalp clean and wringing the dirt out of her hair. She regretted being so hard on Finn because it wasn't his fault: if he said he didn't see anything, he didn't see anything. But she could feel her memory fading and the image of him - whoever he was - blurring in her mind, as if someone was wiping it away. She frowned into her reflection in the mirror, brushed her teeth and turned her face to the side, examining the bruising near her left temple. She touched her cheek, pressed her fingers to the exact spot where she felt his hand, and the cold cut through her hazy recollection. She'd never not been able to trust her eyes before. She should know what was real and what wasn't. Maybe Finn's right , she rubbed her hands over her face, I need some sleep . Things would make more sense in the morning. Rey washed up and pulled on drawstring shorts and an over-sized t-shirt, and she opened her window to air out the stuffy room. She tore open a bag of trail mix stuffed inside her desk and leaned against the ledge, picking out the cashews absently. The moon was so big and bright, almost full, and cast a silvery glow over the silhouettes of trees stretching from the campus to the hills beyond the university. The first day she saw the school she was struck by how green everything was. She felt that way on the plane, too, pressing her face against the window as they landed in Athens. Greece was so unlike anything she grew up with, or could have imagined from postcards and documentaries. She was lucky to be here. Sure, she thought she might be losing her mind... "But that's Future Rey's problem," she muttered to herself, turning away from the window. She crawled into bed and stared at the ceiling for awhile, tried to do a little reading and finally, at a quarter to three she nodded off. Rey was a light sleeper but she didn't stir at the sound of wings outside her window, or the clicking of talons on the ledge. If she had opened her eyes - just then - she would have seen a great big screech owl in her room, its feathers as black as its pupils. It watched her sleep for nearly an hour. "So it is true." A rich contralto voice - inflected with a calculated bemusement - broke the silence, and the screech owl extended its wingspan in response, fixing its stare on the woman who appeared in the stretch of moonlight cutting across the carpeted floor. Her blonde hair was closely cropped to her head, thick and wavy, dark eyes set in a pale and ageless face. In a fitted black pantsuit and Italian shoes, she towered over everything in the room but him. He regained human form smoothly, feathers dissolving into the fabric of his robes as he stood. "To what do we owe the honor?" she inquired, inclining her head in the slightest display of deference, intended to assuage his resentment, "This is a rare sight." "The Nekromanteion will be excavated." "I see." Buried beneath the temple lay the entrance to the Underworld, within a web of caverns unplumbed by greedy mortal hands. It was a sacred crossroads between this realm and the next and a source of great power to necromancers and the gods they worshiped - herself and Hades among them. "And this is why you have come," to insure these scavengers did not dig too deep and disturb ancient magics better left entombed. "Yes," low-pitched and monotone, his response was as impassive as his expression, "I do not share your proclivity for the mortal world." Hecate smirked knowingly and smoothed down the lapel of her tailored silk jacket. In this day and age, it was common practice for the gods to pass as mortals for lifespans at a time, amusing themselves through sex and war, creation and destruction, as they always had. But it would take nothing short of sacrilege to stir Hades from his domain. He detested the mortal world. He found it to be insufferably coruscating and obstreperous, vacillating and capricious, somatic, self-indulgent, and teeming with the asinine insolence of creatures who believed themselves to be immortal. What appeal could there possibly be in that? There was none. Why would he ever deign to masquerade as a wretched sack of flesh? He would not. "And the girl?" Hecate raised two perfectly sculpted eyebrows and indicated the bed with a slant of her gaze. He glanced to the mortal who shifted restlessly in her sleep. White sheets twisted in between her legs, wrapped around her calves and bared a sliver of her taut stomach between the bunched cotton of her shirt and her waistband. She rolled from her back onto her side, facing him, curling her body in on itself, hands balled up against her chest. Loose brown hair covered her freckled forehead and clung to her cheek, lips parted and breathing steady despite the tension in her shoulders, neck, and back. He detected in her body language stress, or perhaps anxiety, and suspected Ikelos was in her dreams weaving her a nightmare. This vexed him and in a single stride he crossed the room to the bed. His silhouette cast a long shadow over her small body, engulfing her torso and thighs in darkness. "Hades." "She reminds me of someone," he murmured in a voice so low it might well have been a growl, and he brushed his fingers against her forehead, combing the hair away from her face. She flinched away from him - even in her sleep - recoiling from his touch with a shiver. Hecate's own gaze hardened in response to this blatant gesture of tenderness and the goddess remarked, "She is mortal," and not once in the millennia of his existence had Hades ever taken a mortal lover, "She cannot be your bride." He stilled. His fingers hovered over the girl's face, his back bowed over her body, and only his eyes gave way to the rage surging to the surface of his mind, eroding his stoicism as acid eats through bone, and when he turned his head around to stare at Hecate he permitted her to see this. Their shared history aside - and the considerable favor she curried with the Olympians who both admired and feared her - if she spoke of her again Hades would chain her to the bottom of the pit until his mood improved. And his mood never improved. Hecate recognized her own misstep and she was loathe to alienate Hades because she enjoyed moving freely throughout his domain. "I meant no disrespect," she conceded smoothly, her words coupled with the distant howling of dogs. Mollified, he turned away from her. "Leave us." The goddess disappeared and left him with the girl, whose body had relaxed as if the Oneiroi perceived his displeasure and sought to placate him as well by departing from her. Hades knelt in front of the bed and in lowering himself allowed the moonlight to bathe her face. This drew his attention to the discoloration in her skin. A bruise formed at her temple, a rupture of blood vessels that would heal over a matter of days. It was a mark of her mortality, the fragility of her body, supple and smooth and so easily broken. He could splinter her with his hands. He would find this repellent in any other mortal. One must always restrain oneself with such frail creatures and in the exercise of his desire he never demonstrated restraint. Had he ever taken a mortal lover, he would have killed her. And he rarely felt such an impulse, only when the weight of his own isolation grew unbearable in his wife's absence. What was once months had become years. She could not be found. "I know you are not my wife," she could not be Persephone, because she was mortal and her name was Rey, "But you resemble her in many ways." He found her beautiful in her simplicity, in the texture of her hair and the sun on her skin, in her eyes and the earth under her fingernails. He sensed a hunger to live - to experience, to feel - in her that appealed to him. He craved her warmth, the pulse of her heart, her blood, the exhale of her breath, to siphon her humanity in the hopes of tempering the cold and inexorable stillness inside of him. This stillness - as inviolable as death - seeped into his kingdom which, in turn, fed the bleak desolation back to him in an endless, eternal loop of profound solitude. There were moments he reveled in his own despair, and so it had been until he saw her inside his temple. Her body shifted again and as she rolled onto her stomach he kissed her forehead, marked her bruise with his lips to the sound of a strangled whimper. All mortals belonged to him in the end but he would claim her now, nubile and flushed and alive. She would distract him from his melancholy. Notes: Dear friends, I am so STAGGERED by and grateful for your response to this story. I had no idea that anyone else would be interested in my cracky impulses, and I so appreciate you taking the time to comment/kudos/subscribe/bookmark. I will do my best not to let you down as I try to structure this myth around Reylo, and I am so happy to hear that there are so many mythology/archaeology fans/buffs on AO3! :D :D :D Chapter 3 : The Oak Wreath Summary: Rey meets Kylo Ren and Phasma, makes dinner plans, and breaks into a museum (but she is in good company). Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Three days passed - with no word from the Ministry of Culture, and no permission to be on site - so Rey caught up on her reading. She practically lived in the university library scouring the online databases for any obscure reference to the Nekromanteion. On the third day she joined Finn and Poe for lunch in the student refectory, shifting the folder full of photocopied maps under one arm as she showed her temporary ID to the cashier. The dining hall was nearly empty - sure, it was noon but in the middle of the summer - and she saw them sitting by the window. Finn was shoveling goat-stuffed papoustakia into his mouth while Poe braced his elbows on the table, head in his hands, too hungover to eat. Rey moved along the length of the buffet, stacking her tray on top of her papers to carry it across the dining hall. Finn held up a fork to her in greeting, nudging Poe in the shin as she approached. "I'm awake," he grumbled under his breath, letting out a long rueful exhale before he raised his head and said, "Hey." "Late night?" Rey teased, to which Poe grunted affirmatively. Finn didn't look nearly as miserable but she bet he didn't drink an entire bottle of ouzo either. "Where is BB?" "Sleeping it off," he replied with a lopsided smile, cupping his hands around a glass of water, "Lucky girl." That was probably what Jessika and Snap were doing, too. Rey sat down next to Finn, and spent the next five minutes eating as quickly as she could - as much as she could - until there was nothing left but a slice of pita. She used it to mop up the edge of her plate and then pushed her tray aside. "Look at what I found last night," she announced, speaking around the last mouthful of bread. Swallowing, Rey held up her stack of photocopied maps, sifting between the physical and topographic representations of Epirus until she grasped what she was looking for. "You did this last night?" "Yeah," she brushed off Finn's question, "So according to tradition, the Nekromanteion is located on the banks where the three rivers meet. Look at this," she traced the Acheron River with one finger, then the Cocytus and the Pyriphlegethon, following each line down to the common source. "This is where archaeologists first started digging," back in the fifties, "And this is our site," discovered less than a week ago, "See how close they are?" Rey was sure that couldn't be a coincidence. She braced her elbows on the table and said, "We found this. We should be there," instead of sitting here and waiting on paperwork that might not come through until long after their program ended. "Make the case to San Tekka," Poe suggested, straightening up and looking past Finn's shoulder. Rey sighed, "Yeah, I know." Why did he think she printed off all these maps? She wanted to confirm what she thought - what she'd been told in the tunnel, actually, but she didn't want to admit to that since no one else saw him - about the name of the site, prove that she knew what she was doing, that she should be on the excavation team. "Now's your chance," he nodded towards the door and Rey turned to follow his gaze. Professor San Tekka strode through the refectory, sharp blue eyes catching her own. For someone in his mid-seventies, with a receding hairline and scruffy white beard, he could still command a lecture hall full of students. He moved purposefully between the tables towards the three of them. Poe was on his feet within seconds, his hangover forgotten, and Finn followed suit - but Rey hesitated. It wasn't because of San Tekka. It was because of them. The woman was very tall and very blonde, flanked by two massive black hounds. The dogs were large, muscular, and striking - and no one seemed to look twice at them padding through the dining hall of the university. Poe muttered something about double standards against mutts like BB-8, and Finn whistled under his breath. "Are these guys friendly?" he asked the woman good-naturedly, and she fixed him with a look that could've withered a greenhouse. His smile faltered, then disappeared entirely. "No." Her tone was clipped. "Slip, Nines, heel." In unison, they sank back onto their haunches, two sets of dark eyes fixed unblinkingly on the back of their mistress. "Mastiff?" Poe guessed, drawing the woman's attention to him. "Molossus." "Really?" he seemed surprised, and Rey wasn't sure why - but he knew more about dogs than she did. "I thought those were extinct." The woman ignored him. And the man... he didn't look exactly like she remembered. He was tall but not so tall , pale but not corpse-like, and he wore black on black, slacks and a button-down shirt, not robes that flowed over the ground like living shadows. She wasn't sure if it was the same person - or just an uncanny resemblance - until he reached the table, exchanging a few words with the woman, and looked at her. " You ." Rey pushed herself to her feet, crumpling her photocopied maps under one hand. Her voice was sharp and accusatory - and she didn't care that everyone turned to look at her, because she knew she didn't imagine him. She couldn't have forgotten that face. "Rey," Professor San Tekka addressed her with a warning in his voice - for her tone, maybe, or the way she stared at him, "You've met Dr. Ren?" "What?" The sound of his name broke the spell and she blinked. Doctor? "I don't believe I've had the pleasure," Ren spoke and his voice was deep - but it didn't hurt the inside of her head, it sounded normal. Uncertainty flickered across her face because she couldn't read his expression at all. There was no visible recognition in his eyes. She didn't feel confident enough to denounce him in front of everyone (and what would she even be denouncing him as? The same thing she didn't want to get caught for). "Dr. Ren and Dr. Phasma," San Tekka introduced them to his three students, "are Ephors of Antiquities of Ioannina. They are representatives of the Greek Archaeological Service here to co-direct our project." Rey couldn't believe what she was hearing - and she wasn't the only one. None of them had high expectations about the turn-around rate for excavation requests, Poe least of all because he had personal experience with the Greek government. Who had ever heard of getting project approval in three days? "We have a project?" San Tekka frowned at Finn - but it was Dr. Phasma who answered precisely, "We will bring in our own architects, specialists, and operations support, of course, but your petition to participate in the initial excavation has been approved." "Really?" For a moment Rey forgot about Dr. Ren and his infuriating amnesiac routine. "We get to be on site?" Not only her professor - who had a long, distinguished career in archaeology and good standing with the government - but also her, and Finn, and Poe? She didn't even have her B.A. yet and usually this kind of work was reserved for graduate students. There was no way her friends should be approved either: Finn was a political science major and Poe was working on his B.S., and together they only had a few archaeology credits under their belts. Rey couldn't remember the last time she'd been this lucky... and in her experience, if something seemed too good to be true, it probably was. She'd never gotten anything for free that didn't come with a million strings attached, and her initial enthusiasm disintegrated into doubt. She wanted to be excited about this project - it was everything she'd dreamed of doing - but only if it wasn't going to turn out to be a scam. "I understand Greece is your area of study, Rey." She looked up at the sound of her name, met his gaze - his eyes were brown, not black - and wondered how much her professor told him about her. "Yeah," she replied, and then remembered who she was talking to, "I mean, yes. Dr. Ren." If he was the person in charge of their dig, she should probably... try to make a good impression, right? A long silence stretched between them before she realized he was waiting for her to continue. "Um," her mouth twitched slightly into a nervous smile under the weight of that expectant gaze, and Rey continued uneasily, "I started out as a classicist but I switched majors last year because I... didn't just want to read about this stuff, I wanted to help preserve it," she probably shouldn't have referred to classical antiquities as 'this stuff', but the passion was there. Rey loved history, maybe because she didn't really have one. She couldn't remember her family, she didn't know where she came from, but when she was piecing together the lives of other people she felt connected to them. She made sure they weren't forgotten. Rey glanced to her friends but they weren't paying attention to her. Poe was talking to San Tekka, and Finn was squirming underneath the interrogative demands of Dr. Phasma and her unfriendly dogs. She felt like she should help him but- "Have dinner with me." "What?" He spoke as soon as she looked away and she felt a palpable shift in the air when she turned back to him. His gaze had become heavier, somehow darker, more intimate, less... human, and it unnerved her. Rey's fingers curled into the cotton of her shirt and she felt anxious, fear catching in her throat, an echo of what she experienced in the cavern when she turned and found herself face-to-face with- The sensation faded. The shadows creeping into the periphery of her vision withdrew and the tightness in her chest eased. Her fingers relaxed. She took a deep breath and lost her train of thought. "We should discuss the terms of your involvement in this project," he reminded her calmly, his voice dragging her back to the present, to the student refectory where she was perfectly safe. Rey blinked. "Shouldn't you be speaking to my professor?" Was she even allowed to set her own terms? Lor San Tekka was her program director. Ren paused, and something in his voice changed. "If that is what you would prefer." He sounded utterly dispassionate and Rey realized she'd given herself away as a novice, as someone who wasn't experienced enough to make her own decisions about her work. She was instantly frustrated at her own self-sabotage. "It's not what I'd prefer," she hastily corrected him, "It's just... the way things are done where the university is concerned. They like to cover their own, um- they treat us like liabilities." "Are you?" "A liability?" To be honest, Rey wasn't completely sure what that meant - apart from it costing a lot of money and not being a good thing, "No. I know what I'm doing." At least, she thought she did when she made arrangements with Dr. Ren to meet for dinner at seven o'clock. Then Professor San Tekka escorted them - and their dogs - out of the refectory to sign some paperwork, leaving Rey with her friends. As soon as Dr. Phasma stepped foot over the threshold, Finn declared, " That woman is scary as hell." "They're both creepy," Poe agreed, "Who wears that much black in the middle of the summer?" He had a point. It was easily eighty degrees outside and both Dr. Ren and Dr. Phasma wore long sleeves and black pants, "It's weird." "It could be a cultural thing," Rey guessed, gathering up her stray sheets of paper, her photocopied maps, off the table. "For a funeral, maybe," he replied lightly. Finn groaned in response but honestly, Rey didn't care who she had to work with, as long as she ended up in the field. She could put up with almost anything if it meant she got to be part of the excavation team... including dinner with someone who dressed like he belonged at a wake. And not that she'd ever admit it - to anyone, not Ren or her friends - but black looked good on him. Rey didn't bother to change her clothes before dinner - because she didn't have a lot of clothes, and these were clean, and it cost money to do laundry. She did run a brush through her hair before she pulled it back out of her eyes into a three tier bun. It wasn't until she sat down at the restaurant that she started to feel nervous, especially since she'd made the choice to walk from campus. It was sticky and humid and now, so was her sleeveless tee. But if Dr. Ren noticed, he didn't say anything. Dinner was nice. For the most part, he watched her eat which would've made her feel self-conscious if it wasn't for the fact that she was hungry and this was a free meal. Rey had never turned down food a day in her life. And over dinner they did discuss the excavation project and Dr. Ren - Kylo , he said to call him Kylo - promised her a place on the team working in the temple. She didn't want to be stuck dating pottery shards in a lab while everyone else got to work on site. She wanted to be there . It wasn't as difficult to convince him as she thought it'd be, and he seemed interested in the research she'd done on the Nekromanteion. The conversation shifted to a discussion of the courses she'd taken and the texts she'd read, her preference for Greek over Latin, her university in London, until Rey began to feel uncomfortable. He asked her questions and he watched her response, listened to the change in her intonation and the rhythmic patterns of her speech, but it wasn't really a conversation. He stared at her from across the table and hardly said anything. "I'm talking too much," Rey interrupted herself - and what would have been a very tedious account of her freshman orientation - and in her discomfort, she nudged her now empty plate into the middle of the table. He started to object but she spoke over him, "Tell me something about... you, Kylo," when he didn't respond to her clumsy rejoinder, she prompted him, "Why did you study classical archaeology?" For someone who had a doctorate in the field, he took a very long time to come up with his answer. He didn't speak until after the waiter had come and gone, clearing the table to leave nothing behind but his wine glass and her crumpled up napkin. "To meet you." His voice startled her - there had been such a long pause between her question and his answer - and she glanced up. "What?" The word was stupidly out of her mouth before she'd processed what he said, a heartbeat passed and then she frowned at him. "Very funny," she replied wryly, hoping her sarcasm would mask the way her pulse stuttered, "Would you like to try something that's not a line?" Dr. Ren ran a finger along the edge of his wine glass, considering her request, and then he replied carefully, "It is part of my history." Rey was surprised at how much she liked that answer, but he wouldn't elaborate so she asked him, "Is your whole family from Greece?" "No." "Oh?" "It is complicated." "Oh." Rey pursed her lips briefly, uncomfortably, and slid her hands from the table into her lap. His tone made it sound as if he wasn't interested in talking to her - or maybe it was this line of questioning that he didn't like, so she wasn't sure where to go from there. "I have a very large family," Kylo said finally, by way of explanation and to reassure her that she did not offend him. Rey smiled. "That must be nice." "It is not." "Oh." "We are..." he searched for the appropriate word, or perhaps the mortal equivalent of how it was he defined his relationship to the Olympians and their various offspring, "...estranged." "I'm sorry." "I am not." Rey didn't know what to say to that, but she couldn't imagine having a family she didn't see - by choice, and wasn't that what estrangement was? When she was younger she was angry about what her parents did, abandoning her without ever keeping their promise. Sometimes she fantasized about a reunion with them, faceless and apologetic, where she could reject them the way they rejected her. But the anger passed and in the end, all she wanted was to see them again. She had made a new family among people like Finn and Poe, and her guidance counselor Maz who pushed her to go away to school, but it couldn't erase eighteen years of being... no one. There was something about family she was desperate to understand. "I have something to show you." "Oh yeah?" Her voice was flat and unhappy. She knew she sounded rude but she didn't care. Dr. Ren refused to tell her what it was, not even once they finished their meal and he guided her out of the restaurant. She told him she didn't like surprises - which was true, she didn't - but he insisted that she would like this one. Rey wasn't so sure. He took her to Litharitsa Park in the city center, less than a ten minute walk from where they'd eaten. Situated at an incline paved in light-colored stones was a garishly designed structure, all sharp angles and chrome and white paint. "This building is so ugly," she blurted out. "It is... modern." "Why are we here?" Despite its exterior, it was a place she'd wanted to visit since she arrived in Ioannina. This was the city's archaeological museum but it was closed for renovations - and the construction of a new exhibit of funerary art from Vitsa. He didn't answer her. "Kylo?" she followed him up the stairs to the covered entrance of the building, "It's closed to the public." Kylo held open the front door for her and, when she turned to gape at him, he reminded her, "We are not the public," no, he was a representative of the Greek Archaeological Service which apparently meant he could go wherever he wanted. "Is this allowed?" "If it was not," and beginning a sentence like that gave her the answer she needed, "Would that matter to you?" "Not really," she admitted with a slow smile, "You were right." He gave her a questioning look and she said, "This is a good surprise." "I know." The museum was divided into seven halls chronicling the history of Epirus from the Lower Paleolithic era to late antiquity in the third century. The exhibits intersected on axes of time, place, and theme from pottery to tools, weapons, headstones, coins, and jewelry from Kokkinopilos to Dodoni. Kylo followed her through the dimly lit corridors and he answered her questions but otherwise made no demands on her time, or what she should see, or how. But his silence wasn't absence , in fact, he filled every room he entered. She couldn't hear him move but she didn't forget he was there. She could feel him watching her and following the movements of her fingers, the shape of her lips as she read the inscriptions, but it did not distract her as much as she thought it would. She looked at every room. An hour passed in which they didn't exchange a single word. "This is beautiful," Rey was the first to break the silence somewhere between the late classical and early Hellenistic periods. On display from the fourth century in a glass case alongside earrings, necklaces, and a set of gold pins was an oak wreath. The headband was weaved with gold leaves, flowers, and stems. "How much do you think something like that costs?" No answer. "Kylo?" she glanced up and he was no longer behind her. Her left hand trembled and she looked back to the case. He was standing on the other side - no, he wasn't just standing, he was removing a plate of glass. "Kylo! " Those were supposed to be locked, "What are you doing? " He reached into the back of the display and picked up the crown carefully - with his bare hands. We are going to get arrested. He emerged from behind the glass and Rey took a step away from him, dropping her arms to her sides. "Put that back," she said in her most authoritative voice, "You proved your point," if his point was that he was willing to break into museum cases to manhandle priceless artifacts. "Come here." " No ." "Rey." "Do you know how much trouble we could be in?" Could be? That was optimistic. They already were. "You could go to jail!" "I highly doubt that." Fine . Maybe he had an all-access pass to this museum and its contents, but she wasn't part of the Ephorate of Antiquities of Ioannina. She wasn't even a Greek citizen. " I could go to jail," as an accomplice, or a garden-variety trespasser. It was such a mistake for her to come here. "You will not go to jail." "Really?" how do you know? "You can guarantee that?" "Yes." Rey did not believe him, perhaps because she had ample experience with the justice system - at least in her own country - and it did not inspire much in the way of faith. She refused to come to him so he stepped forward and closed the distance between them. "I want you to wear it." "Kylo, this is not funny." "It is meant to be worn." "Not by me. " It was a headpiece for members of ancient royal families, of nobility, not poor university students with a penchant for breaking-and-entering. "Please put it back." "In a moment." Rey's protest died on her lips the moment he looked at her, catching her voice with his eyes and dispelling the anxiety twisting her tongue into a refusal. She felt disoriented and couldn't speak. She couldn't even think. Dr. Ren lifted the wreath with both hands and placed it on her head. She could feel it sink into her hair and thought it was heavier than it seemed on the other side of the display. "Kylo," she found her words again, or a word, but he did not answer. He stepped behind her and steered her slowly - but insistently, and she was afraid to resist because she didn't want to damage the crown - towards the empty case. She stood in front of the glass and could faintly see her own reflection in the diffracted light. "What are you doing?" She wished he would tell her what was happening. He rested his hands on her shoulders and she shivered. Her back bumped into his chest and she realized he was standing very close to her. She could feel the expensive fabric of his shirt against the bare skin of her arms. "Kylo?" she repeated his name anxiously. "Yes?" he spoke against the side of her head, brushing his palm along the length of her spine to the back of her neck. Rey hunched her shoulders, stifling a shudder as his hand sifted through her hair. He loosed her second and third buns from her rubberbands, and she bit back a complaint as he twisted the strands between his fingers and tugged at her scalp, coaxing her to tilt her head and bare the column of her throat. "The wreath..." she mumbled distractedly. He leaned over her and she felt his hair against her skin, a curtain of black obscuring his face, the caress of his breath along her jawline, and the cool press of lips against the flush spreading from her cheeks to her chest. She felt so warm. "It suits you," he replied in a rumble against her throat. She could hear the words through her skin. Rey's vision blurred and she struggled to steady herself, smudging her fingers against the glass. Teeth grazed the pulse point in her neck, lips rolling over the skin and when she felt the tip of his tongue, Rey scraped her nails on the display case. And then her phone went off. A loud, vibrating beep tore through the silence and it rattled between her pocket and the glass he'd pressed her up against. The sound startled her and she suddenly stiffened, rolling her shoulders to knock him off so she could pull her phone out and look at the display. It was a text from Finn - sent at a quarter past ten p.m. which meant she'd been out longer than she expected - and she remembered that she'd made plans. With her friends. They had a lot to celebrate tonight, before the excavation work began in the morning. "I need to go." She sounded relieved - she was relieved - and she twisted tightly to face him. He was so close she had to crane her neck up to see him. She glimpsed something moving behind his eyes, just for a moment, and it scared her enough that her voice trembled when she repeated, "Put the wreath back," it was stressful - that's why her heart was throbbing, and she couldn't catch her breath, she told herself it had nothing to do with him - to be wearing a two thousand year old headband. He finally did as she asked and as soon as he stepped away from her Rey felt like she could breathe again and she dragged her fingers through her half-up, half-down hair. She couldn't get out of the museum fast enough. Notes: Thank you so much for your support! :D Your comments are so lovely and inspirational, and I really appreciate the feedback. Chapter 4 : In Between Summary: Rey and Kylo are confronted by the police, and later Rey does some dreamwalking into the Underworld. Notes: I'll give a brief quasi-warning that there is violence in this chapter. I don't think it qualifies as graphic, but a couple details could be squicky (Kylo is not a huge fan of mortal law enforcement). (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Finn: hey where r u? Finn: u ok? Rey dialed his number and Finn picked up on the second ring. She used the phone call as an excuse to keep her back turned to Dr. Ren. "Hey," she greeted him, wincing at the way her voice carried in the empty gallery. The silence swallowed up her words, heavy and warm, and Rey retreated towards the building's entrance, retracing her steps quickly, "I'm fine we're downtown, at the museum." Finn was surprised but to his credit he didn't ask her how she'd gotten in after hours, or what she'd been doing. Instead he offered to swing by and pick her up with the others, Jess and Snap and Poe (who was the only one licensed to drive). "Sure, that sounds good," she replied steadily, "Thanks." Kylo followed her, accompanying her to the museum foyer despite the fact that she hadn't said a single word to him  or even looked at him  since she checked her phone. "Rey." She supposed she couldn't ignore him if he spoke directly to her. She hesitated just before the exit doors, clutching her phone in front of her tightly. "I need to go," she repeated, turning to face him. Kylo stood a half-step behind her, and he looked down at her with a neutral expression. "I know." His gaze flickered down to her phone and the muscle in his jaw tightened, almost imperceptibly. "I'm meeting my friends," she said with a brief upturn of the lips, a twitch of a smile, "We're celebrating the good news. About the dig." He said nothing. "They're coming to pick me up now." Kylo moved suddenly, taking her chin in his hand - and Rey felt warm ( not cold , like she expected) and calloused fingertips on her skin, cradling her jaw and holding her in place effortlessly. She couldn't have jerked her head away if she tried, because the pressure of his hand was firm, just this side of pain. It was almost uncomfortable. "Don't be afraid," he murmured, tilting her face up to his. "I'm not afraid." It wasn't fear exactly, not the way she'd been afraid in the cavern. But there was something off about him, about his long silences and the way he looked at her, focused and searching . And when he touched her, she could feel the tension in his muscles, thrumming through his body, even his mouth. He kissed her neck and it felt good  better than good  but it made her nervous, too. She knew he was going to kiss her again, anticipated the brush of his mouth against hers when he bent over her, broad shoulders dwarfing her frame. "Do you want to come?" she blurted out instead. The question took him by surprise. "What?" "Do you want to come out with us?" she repeated. His grip loosened and Rey took advantage of that to pull away, nearly bending herself backwards in the effort to put some distance between her face and his. It wasn't that she wasn't interested- she could still feel his hands in her hair. But Dr. Ren was the director of her professor's project. And if this was his idea of 'discussing the terms' of her participation in the excavation, no thanks. She wanted to get in on it because she was good, and she was smart, and she had a right to be involved - not because some six foot three, dark haired, dark eyed man she just met wanted to get in her pants. "That is not what I want." Rey was startled by the sharpness in his voice. "Okay." "You should leave." He let her go so quickly, she nearly stumbled forward. She hadn't realized that - despite pulling away - she'd started leaning into his touch all over again. She wasn't sure what she wanted, or why those three little words stung like a dismissal. He wouldn't look at her. "Right." A blinding flash swept through the glass doors behind her, bathing the interior of the museum in blue. Dr. Ren turned his head to the side, shielding his face from the light. Rey spun around, choking on her recognition of that particular pattern of rhythmic, swirling pulses, "The police?" "Yes." "I didn't hear the sirens." Rey thought the security in this museum was a little lax - and she realized there must have been a silent alarm attached to the display cases. How else would they deter people like... Kylo from lifting two thousand year old gold from the exhibits? She backed away from the doors. "There is another exit." "Through the coffee shop at the end of the hallway," next to the atrium, and it spilled into the staff parking lot behind the building. "I know." Rey glanced to Kylo. He was staring at her. This wasn't the first time she'd broken into a place - and she always found her exits first. But that wouldn't matter if the police surrounded the museum, "Come on." "No." "What d'you mean, 'no'?" Rey was already halfway down the corridor and she hesitated, agitated. "I will take care of this," he said tonelessly, and she wondered if that was supposed to reassure her, "Go." "I'm not leaving you behind," Kylo brought her here because he thought she would enjoy it, and yes, this was probably his fault but she went along with it. She knew what the risks were - and she wasn't the kind of person to let someone else take the fall for her, "Stop being an idiot." If this was some sort of macho man garbage where he thought he was too tough to run from the police, Rey was not going to go to jail for that . He gave her a reproachful look but did not dignify her insult with a response. He seemed annoyed. She was annoyed too. He was being unbelievably stubborn about a perfectly good out. "I will not be arrested but if you do not leave now, you will not be so fortunate." "Fine." He seemed confident in his connections - so maybe it wasn't all talk when he said he wouldn't go to jail. She, on the other hand, was much more vulnerable walking around without her passport, here on a student visa. "Be careful, Kylo." He inclined his head in a non-verbal acknowledgment and this was the last thing she saw before she took off, running towards the emergency exit. Kylo Ren stepped out onto the covered portico, turning his head toward the nearest voice who shouted at him in Greek to put your hands on top of your head and get on your knees . The mortal lurched forward on the platform, weapon drawn and pointed at him. His stance mirrored that of his partner standing at the bottom of the staircase and a third officer crouched behind the driver's side door of an illuminated police vehicle. The vestiges of humanity which he pulled over himself like a mask seeped away and he dragged the human forward, stumbling over his own feet with a wide-eyed, bewildered expression. He gripped the base of the weapon and the officer's hand, crushing steel and flesh. The mortal began to scream and Hades crumpled the gun as if it was made of aluminum foil. With the curl of his fingers he broke every bone in his grasp until the hand was nothing more than a skin-covered sack of blood, splinters, and torn muscle. The human's legs began to quiver as shock set in, his breathing shallow and thready, whimpering pathetically as he crumbled to the ground. "You kneel to me," Hades said, his voice low and pitiless. The mortal fainted and he released him. An earsplitting crack tore through the air and he was shot in the chest by the partner. With a snarl Hades flung the impertinent parasite into the side of his vehicle and descended the staircase, each step trembling under the weight of his rage. The earth jolted angrily beneath his feet, roiling, rumbling through the asphalt, splitting the pavement into a spiderweb of jagged fissures that extended like his fingertips towards the third officer and the two vehicles. The ground erupted in a violent wave of gravel and dirt, toppling both cars onto their sides, smashing the lights, and pinning the last of the mortals beneath several hundred pounds of metal. " Kylo ." She should not be here. Hades withdrew into himself. It was an unpleasant sensation, inhabiting a mortal avatar, the skin and muscle of this body pulled too tight over his form. His distaste manifested in a grimace as he turned towards her. Her fingers interlaced behind her head, Rey was momentarily stunned by the sight of overturned vehicles and unconscious bodies contorted beneath the wreckage but what he noticed was the fourth officer nudging her forward with the barrel of his gun. Kylo would never have allowed her to run if he had known. He moved and the weapon swerved to point at him. The officer's nose was broken, his lips and chin covered in blood and he suspected it was because of her. Were it not for the gun, or perhaps the distraction of his own... confrontation, she would not have been caught. "Release her." The officer obeyed with a flinch of his arm, loosening his grip in a series of wooden twitches. Under the weight of Kylo's undivided attention, the mortal gasped painfully and he bled, pupils dilating violently as the hemorrhaging spread into the whites of his eyes. His body convulsed and he collapsed. "What's wrong with him?" The horror in her voice cut through Kylo's desire to burst the mortal's eyes from its sockets, shatter his hands, and pull his spine out through his throat as punishment for threatening her. "I'm calling an ambulance." "Why?" Her expression was as bemused as his own - and then it turned hard with disapproval. She was upset with him. "Kylo, he could die ." He was mortal. Of course he would die - eventually. All mortals died. "There's been an earthquake... these people need help." "These people would have arrested you." This was not - he soon discovered - the correct response. Rey insisted on helping her would-be captors out of the wreckage and she stayed with them until the ambulances arrived. Kylo only persuaded her to leave once the sirens were within earshot, and he remained behind to insure the officers' testimony matched the circumstances in which they were found. He was unaccustomed to such tedium because he rarely intervened in the mortal world, and he certainly did not mask his actions as 'acts of (a) god' other than himself. "This is beneath you," Phasma observed calmly, surveying the hapless scurrying of mortal authorities from one end of the museum to the other. She relaxed her hip against the hood of her own vehicle - a sleek silver convertible she was fond of - but the ease with which she stood was an illusion. A tension wove itself into the air between them and she perceived that he was displeased with her. "I summoned you." Phasma received his summons and deliberately disregarded it. She did not clean up the messes of her fellow gods unless a formal request was made and it would behoove him to remember that she did not serve him. She was his ally. "I thought it would be best for your temper to settle before I arrived." Kylo turned to her and his voice rumbled, "I hope for your sake that you are not implying time softens my disposition." "No," she chose her next words carefully, "But she does. You are only here because of her." "I am here because of what you promised me, Hecate." It was she who weaved Kylo Ren's history into the mortal world through magic, granting him proximity to the scavengers' excavation and the object of his obsession as a favor, in order to procure his good will. The insinuation that she had been anything but forthcoming in their arrangement offended her, and Phasma arched a brow at him. "I put you on the path," she replied crisply, "At your own request." For reasons he had not divulged to her, he wished to procure his companion's consent. Phasma obliged but would not be held responsible for the result. "There is more at stake than your mortal's affections." He did not respond. "Your presence has been requested," in the Underworld which he had neglected since he met her, spending his time on earth, "Will you return?" "Yes." Rey woke up to the sound of him in her head and rolled onto her side, fingernails digging into the sheets. This wasn't the rough texture of the white cotton blend in her dormitory and she shifted, silk slithering over the bare skin of her arm. Rey blinked, startled by the sensation, because she didn't know where she was. The bed seemed to stretch out for miles, much bigger than her narrow twin mattress, under a canopy. She sat up in the middle of a pool of luxurious gold sheets and wine-red pillows, the bed frame ornately carved out of black wood so polished it could've been stone, gauzy red curtains gathered loosely at each post. Obsidian walls glittered in the torchlight, and as she peered over the edge of the bed she saw her reflection in the bronze floor. Rey crawled out of the bed and the gown tumbled down to her ankles. The floor was inexplicably warm beneath her feet. She looked down at herself and ran her hands over the soft, shimmering black fabric - she didn't know what it was - in surprise. It was styled like a Greek chiton, draped over her body and fastened with ruby and diamond encrusted fibulae at her shoulders. "What is this?" "Do you like it?" She turned around and saw him sitting across the room, watching her. His voice carried and she swore she could hear him behind her, mouth hovering over the shell of her ear, murmuring the words to her. "It's... beautiful," but it's not exactly my style. Sort of like the oak wreath from the museum. She could never afford to wear something like this. Rey crossed her arms over her chest as he stood, "I can't keep it." "I am giving it to you." "Right," she shifted uncomfortably from one foot to the other, "That doesn't change the fact that I can't keep it." "You do not appreciate gifts." Rey instinctively bristled until she realized it wasn't an accusation. He seemed confused which she supposed made sense. There probably weren't a lot of people who would turn down half a million dollar's worth of rubies and black diamonds on a dress that fit really nicely. Rey knew she should have been worried, or angry, waking up in someone else's bed wearing clothes she didn't go to sleep in. But what she felt was a vague curiosity and a knot in her stomach, tightening like a fist when she looked up at him. It felt like this couldn't be real. She thought she was dreaming. "Not really," no, she didn't 'appreciate' gifts - and not even Finn had broken her of this habit whenever he gave her something. She always felt like she needed to repay it in some way, square the debt as soon as possible so she wouldn't owe him, "Nobody gives anything away for free," she said flatly, "And you're my boss." "I am not." "You might as well be," between him and Dr. Phasma, the excavation only went forward if they said so. "And if you're giving me this..." she touched one shoulder self-consciously, "...you must want something pretty badly." Rey didn't want to make this complicated. She didn't trust him because she didn't know him and just because he stood over her in a way that made her feel very small and very warm at the same time it didn't change anything. "What are you doing here?" "I live here." "This is your home? " Archaeology must have paid better than she thought, because this was the biggest bedroom she'd ever seen. "What am I doing here?" Rey wanted to know him better and suddenly she did. She felt him. He didn't say anything but the sensation moved through her like a lick of wind, cold and penetrating, intimate and alien. These weren't her feelings. She couldn't even call them feelings... not the way a person has feelings, watered down and transient. If she could take the words desire , and desperation , and loneliness and strip away the language, hold in her hands the very essence of what it is to be those things, maybe she could describe it. What he carried was so strong, unrecognizable in its intensity. Rey was bewildered and breathless, and she felt him pull away from her mind. What she was left with was the knowledge that he brought her here because he was comfortable in this place, because he found the city disconcerting, the swarms of people repulsive, the texture of the world abrasive. "Wow," she could barely see straight and thought, what is he doing to me? "You really hate people." "I have an aversion to most of them, yes," Kylo corrected her tacitly. He thought so little of mortals it did not warrant an emotional response as strong as hatred but he found the constellation of stimuli he experienced on earth to be abhorrent. "But not me." Rey felt the distracted tug toward indulgence, to sink into the strangely gratifying sensation of knowing she was the exception to his palpable disdain for everything else. "Not you," he said and she swallowed a quivering would-be smile. In the real world it wouldn't be healthy, it wouldn't be safe, and she wouldn't want to bear the weight of knowing she was the only- to be so needed , it would be too much for one person to handle. And she was not that person. "Look at me." She had to tilt her chin up to do it. Kylo stood in front of her, bowing his head to meet her gaze. "You said you were not afraid." I'm not , breathing shallow, her lips parted to say the words but she couldn't speak, I'm just... thinking... until she wasn't. Kylo saw something in her eyes, her uneven pulse, the barest intake of air between her teeth, and he wrapped one hand around the back of her neck and pulled her into a kiss, dragging her up onto her toes and into the shadow of his body. He was cold and hard, long planes and muscle, but his mouth seared over hers and parted her lips. Rey gasped against him and pressed a hand to his shoulder, fingers curling into his shirt as if she hadn't decided whether to pull or to push, and he made the decision for her, wrapping his other arm around her back and folding her arm against his chest. He tasted the inside of her lip, touched the raw bits she'd chewed on in her sleep, stroked her tongue with his and she squirmed into the kiss, tension running out of her shoulders and arms, settling in the pit of her stomach. She pulled him to her, rocking on her toes and nearly stepping on his feet. Her hands slid from his chest to his throat, and she buried her fingers in his hair. He touched her face, hands around her neck, and all she could hear in her head was her own blood, her own panting, against his mouth and she sucked his bottom lip between her teeth, full and swollen and hot , and he groaned against her so deeply it made her whole body tremble. Rey pulled away suddenly, releasing his lip. " Okay ," she managed in a strangled moan, untangling her fingers from his hair and ignoring the look in his eyes, "I can't- I- my feet hurt." She had been balancing on her toes for what felt like an hour. It was not a good excuse but it was the only thing distracting her from him. Kylo exhaled through his nose and looked down at her feet, then the bed next to them. Rey found herself following his gaze and she swallowed hard, shaking her head. " No ," because kissing him was one thing but that wasn't what would happen if she- if he took her- "I need to go." Wake up. You better wake up. "Don't." "This isn't real." "Then it does not matter." "It matters. " She was only vehement because he- Kylo, Dream-Kylo made a very good point. If it wasn't real, then she could do whatever she wanted and there wouldn't be any consequences. She could sleep with this man she barely knew, no strings attached. "It's going to be hard enough to work with you," she should have never agreed to eat dinner alone with him, "I can't." Even in her fantasies, she couldn't accept something nice - really nice - when it was offered to her. Typical. When Rey woke up - in her own bed this time - it was to the sound of her wailing alarm. She didn't remember the rest of their conversation, if there was a 'rest'. She was on her back, alone in this tiny spring bunk with scratchy sheets, wearing a t-shirt and shorts and feeling... frustrated . With a groan Rey rolled over, dragging her pillow out from under her head, and she flung it into her nightstand, knocking her clock to the floor. This is going to be a long day. Notes: The feedback from y'all has been AMAZING (thank you!) and I'm working on replying to my comments because I'm super appreciative of your thoughts, and I'm really excited to talk to you about it! This has been a crazy week and this chapter was getting way too long so I had to cut it. Hopefully it isn't too frustrating, and on the bright side I have half of the next chapter already written. Onward and upward! Chapter 5 : Asphodel Summary: Hades broods and receives an unexpected visit from Ares. Rey's first excavation day ends with asphodel and boundary issues. Notes: I have to give huge thanks to persimonne who gave me such great resources and feedback about archaeology, and to whom I owe my eternal gratitude :D for most of the archaeological details described in this chapter. Thank you to everyone who reads, comments, kudoses, subscribes... I appreciate it and you so much! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Hades listened to the sound of his own breathing. He matched it to hers, grasping for the pulse of her heartbeat under his fingers and against his mouth as the dream faded. Rey left him to the solitude of his murky adyton , lit only by golden oil lamps at Persephone's feet. In this sacred place where none were permitted to trespass he jealously guarded a marble statue of his wife. As with all mortal offerings, it left something to be desired, bore scarcely a passing resemblance to her. The stone was cold and unyielding beneath his hand, and having tasted the warmth and supple skin of a living woman he found it unsatisfying. Persephone would have preferred to be in her garden but he kept her in the dark and close to him. He had not stepped into that place since she left him. Few flowers bloomed without the encouragement of their mistress and swollen pomegranates rotted in the orchard which he purposefully neglected. He resented her crippling him in this way, until her absence drove him half-mad with hopelessness and rage. Relegated to the Underworld and unwelcome on Olympus, she was his refuge. When she disappeared he went to Zeus who claimed he could not find her. His brother, who mastered the heavens and crowned himself king, could not see Persephone? Hades did not believe him. As the years passed he came to regard the Olympians for what they were, traitors and thieves who conspired to keep her from him. It was an unforgivable offense which aggrandized his hatred of them. And he was so desperate to recover his consort that he now sought her likeness in the face and body of a mortal. Rey was resilient, and warm, and good-natured, but self-sufficient in a way that bemused him. His fingers curled in recollection of her body beneath his hands and the careful pressure he exerted to pull her to him without breaking her arms or bruising her skin. It was safer to touch her in a dream. Closing his eyes, Hades turned away from his shrine and ruthlessly crushed the impulse to go to her. He sensed the arrival of an Olympian - most hated son of Zeus and the warmonger he abided out of necessity - and he left the sanctum, the sweeping shadow of his dark mood extinguishing the lamps at the statue's feet. His anger receded behind an implacable mask as he strode into his throne room to find a pale, redheaded man with his arms stiffly folded behind his back. He was examining the ebony fixtures with a sneer of contempt, clad in the garb of his mortal avatar: the crisp navy uniform and polished black boots of a military officer, decorated with medals, thick braided cords, and gold insignia on his shoulders signifying some sort of rank. "Ares." "General Hux," he corrected in a curt English accent, "I understand that you now call yourself... Ren, is it?" He drawled the words with a derisive glint in his eyes. Hades was displeased to realize Hecate must have been uncharacteristically forthcoming with this information for Ares to be aware of it. "You know what it is." "It is absurd." The dismissal set his teeth on edge and he advanced on the smaller man who stood his ground, belligerent and proud. "No more absurd than the war games you play, General." Ares scowled at him, "War is not a game." Anger rippled through the general's jaw, tightening the muscles of his face and the tendons in his neck. There was no love lost between them and he would just as soon disembowel Hades as ally with him. The sentiment was mutual. "You are not welcome in my domain." Ares knew better than to come into his realm unannounced. "Do you think I have nothing better to do?" he retorted scornfully, "I have soldiers in Libya and Afghanistan as we speak, and yet I am here," instead of leading his men to a bloody victory, "Because your personal interest is interfering-" Hades cut him off with one hand, "My personal interest is no concern of yours, General." "I will not tolerate failure because you are besotted with a mortal woman!" "If you fail, it will be due to your own incompetence ." "Are you questioning my methods?" Hades said nothing. Ares' voice climbed and twisted into hard brass, forged by his outrage and his arrogance, "Coeus favors you," for lack of better company, no doubt, "in this trench you call a kingdom but make no mistake, Ren , I will win his campaign." The air between them thickened with fury and Hades was mere moments away from strangling the general where he stood. Ares' blue eyes gleamed in bloodthirsty anticipation of a battle that would destroy this palace. He only needed a pretext in which to retaliate and he would see the River Styx run gold with ichor. "There will be no campaign," in tandem, the two turned toward the sound of her voice, Hecate the intercessor who stood in the threshold of the throne room, "If we do not bind Zeus. This must be done before we free Coeus. Only you are capable of such a feat, Hades," she spoke with calm authority which demanded the same restraint from the gods before her, "And only if Ares delivers him to you. Is this not so?" "It is so." The threat of violence recoiled, pierced by her words which refocused their acrimony towards its rightful quarry. Coeus was bound in the pit of Tartarus, among those cast down by the Olympians at the end of the Golden Age. The titan possessed great powers of foresight and wisdom and it was his words which persuaded Hades in his grief to turn on his brother. In exchange for his release, Coeus promised Hades revenge against those who shunned him and knowledge of Persephone's whereabouts, of her fate. Hecate was herself a titaness - one of the few spared the fate of imprisonment - whose own prophetic abilities stemmed from Coeus' bloodline. He called upon her to honor her heritage. And Ares had grown resentful of Zeus' meddling in his endeavors, of modern warfare, and of mortals who bowed to one another instead of him. He longed for a return to the days of the battlefield, the smell of a city falling, the crumbling of an empire to an army of flesh and armor, not machines. For such a god the promise of glory steeped in the blood of the earth and the heavens was irresistible. "Bring Zeus to me," Hades spoke to the general in a gravelly roll of syllables, the pitch indicative of his residual anger, "And you will have your war." Ares would have liked to make a parting shot, or perhaps a threat, because it grated on him to allow Hades to have the last word - but one look from Hecate dissuaded him from this and he nodded, pivoted sharply, and strode from the room. "You spoke to him of her," he addressed the goddess without looking at her. "Yes." Hecate had her reasons for disclosing such things to Ares. She might say she was concerned for him, that she questioned his priorities now that he seemed so focused on replacing Persephone instead of seeking vengeance against those who frustrated his efforts to retrieve her. But his craving for Rey in no way detracted from his indomitable desire to debilitate Zeus for his multitude of offenses over the years. Hades might have reassured Hecate of his commitment were he not so infuriated that she would go behind his back and speak to Ares. "Do not intervene in my pursuit of her again," this was the third time in as many days she had voiced a concern about Rey and although he was reluctant to make an enemy of someone he tolerated better than most, she tested his patience. If she did not guard her tongue, he would remove it. Hecate bowed her head in response to the unspoken threat and departed from his sight. Rey didn't feel up to celebrating last night after what happened. Poe picked her up half a mile away from the museum and she asked to go back to campus, dodging Finn's worried looks and half-formed questions. She only got a little sleep and all she could remember was dreaming about him . Rey woke up, shuffled to the bathroom, took a shower and changed. She was guilty and apprehensive. She expected she'd have to pay for hitting that officer, and she felt inexplicably responsible for those people. They got hurt doing their jobs and they wouldn't have been anywhere near the museum if it wasn't for her and Kylo. "Earth to Rey." Poe's voice cut through her train of thought and she glanced up turned away from the car window. It was just the three of them - BB-8 got left behind with Jess and the others - so she had the backseat to herself. Professor San Tekka went over to the site after breakfast but they were in class until twelve. "Yeah?" "What's going on with you?" Finn was blunt. "Nothing." "Rey." "I'm fine ." Poe and Finn exchanged a look and it annoyed her. Finn unbuckled himself from the passenger's seat so he could turn towards her, twisting in his seat. "Ever since you got back from dinner with that guy, you have been acting weird. What did he do?" Yesterday she was so excited about the excavation but today she was dragging her feet. Finn blamed Kylo Ren. "He didn't do anything," that was mostly true, "It's just..." she looked down at her hands, ran her thumb nail across her palm, "We weren't supposed to be at the museum, and the police showed up because we were... trespassing, and then there was that freak earthquake..." and she was worried that the other shoe was going to drop any second now, "There was a lot going on last night." "Why did he take you over there?" Rey felt defensive on Kylo's behalf. "He wanted to show me the exhibits," and she enjoyed it, being there without crowds of people, tour guides, and steep admission. It made her feel like she was in her very own museum. "Is that all he wanted to show you?" " Yes ." Poe grinned. "I'm just saying-" "Don't," she interrupted him with a warning, "Don't finish that thought." "Too late." "I want to know how he got in," Finn wouldn't be distracted, not even by Poe's innuendo which made her flush underneath her tan, "He doesn't work for the museum. He shouldn't have had access." "He probably had a key," Rey hadn't given the logistics of their self-guided tour a lot of thought. She wasn't expecting things to end so badly. "Yeah, 'cause they just give those out." "To members of the Greek Archaeological Society, they do," she supposed, "It's not about him. When the police showed up," for whatever reason, and she wasn't blaming him for that, "I tried to run. I punched a cop in the face, that's what's going on with me," that and the people she saw trapped underneath those overturned cars. This wasn't about Kylo Ren. It had almost nothing to do with him. She didn't want to think about him. "You did what? " Rey shrugged in response. She wouldn't go so far as to say she didn't mean to do it, but she definitely regretted it now. Poe was the one who told her not to worry about it, and she pretended she was reassured just to change the subject. The silence lasted just long enough to see the tent erected near the excavation site, and Poe pulled off the side of the road and parked behind a gorgeous silver convertible. Under the tent were two long white tables, stacked with buckets, screens, plastic bags, and storage bins. Everything needed to be numbered. Rey counted five people she didn't recognize, all of whom were working on the site under the watchful eye of their professor. "This looks... different," Finn pointed out, eyeing the fact that about a foot and a half of dirt seemed to be missing. "San Tekka probably called in an excavator," one of those big yellow machines with a big bucket and an operator in the cab, "That saved us a few hours." It took awhile to clear a dig site of this size, weeding and picking up the garbage - and there wouldn't be much in the first layer apart from broken bottles and cigarette butts. With that out of the way, their team could start identifying contexts that were scientifically significant. "It's going to help that we nearly fell through that hole," she said optimistically, and Finn snorted in response. "Three cheers for the death trap," he muttered. "Opa," she replied with a lopsided smile. It would be a lot easier to take pictures of the stratification of the soil this way. The discoloration in the photos would give them an idea of how thick the layers were. "So this is what you want to do, Rey," Poe murmured, raising a hand to wave at San Tekka in his floppy hat, pacing around the perimeter of the area. "Pretty much." Rey was doing this kind of stuff before she knew what it was, only she dug up old parts of cars, and she made roughly the same amount of money (almost none). Maybe if she'd actually raided this place (like the scavenger she was accused of being) she'd be rich... but instead she came clean to her professor and handed over their discovery to the Greek government. They were not going to get anything out of this except experience, which was great and all but- "I'll still come by the garage," she shot Poe a small smile, "If you're desperate." "For you? Always," he teased her, slinging an arm around her shoulder, "You are my bug whisperer." Rey liked German cars, she grew up around them because of Plutt's "repo" business. If she didn't go to college, she'd probably still be working for him. That was a miserable thought. But the truth was that Poe wouldn't stick around the garage any longer than she did. He was just getting his degree to reenlist as an officer. Flying was what he really loved to do. "I am- " Finn nudged her in the arm mid-way through a playful retort and she glanced away from Poe, swallowing the words nervously. "Dr. Ren." He was standing right in front of her, dressed in black again from head to toe, long sleeves and trousers that were too nice to be worn to a dig site. "You're here." "You are late." It felt like he was reprimanding all three of them but he glared at Poe whose easygoing smile... didn't falter. "We grabbed lunch on our way over," he said, and sandwich wrappers littered the floorboards of the car as proof, "Sorry." He dropped his arm from Rey's shoulders and offered up a genuine apology on their behalf. It was her idea and she opened her mouth to say as much but he spoke first. "You answer to Phasma," he dismissed her friends, but not her, "Go." Finn hesitated - glancing to her and completely ignoring Dr. Ren - and it wasn't until Rey reassured him with a nod that he left. This meant that Rey stood on her own face-to-shoulder with Kylo. "It wasn't Poe's fault we were late," she said to him, "He-" "He is not my concern." Kylo didn't want to talk about Poe, but she wasn't giving up that easily. "Is he in trouble?" "Should he be?" "Definitely not." He did not respond and she uneasily accepted the silence as a concession. The sun felt warm against the back of her neck. Rey looked up and caught him staring again. He was too intent, too focused. She was having a hard time separating yesterday from what she dreamed about him, and she wondered if something happened after she left last night. Maybe that's why he was in such a bad mood. "Do not be concerned with the police." Rey blinked in surprise. It wasn't just that his voice shifted smoothly from thinly veiled annoyance into a neutral baritone - but he answered a question she didn't even ask. "Sorry?" "They have no memory of you." "..." She opened her mouth to say something, then closed it again. She lowered her voice. "Don't you think that's strange?" She should have been reassured that no one remembered her from the museum because it meant she was off the hook, but Rey was confused. "No." "Are they alright?" "Of course." Rey decided to believe him because she did not have a lot of options. It was good news so she didn't know why she still felt uncomfortable. She saw him reach for her out of the corner of her eye, distracted by the sight of Finn and Poe being directed to San Tekka with trowels in hand. "Kylo, don't," she protested under her breath. Rey stepped away from him but she didn't need to. The moment she spoke he checked his hand in midair, fingers closing into a fist. She got the sinking sensation he knew who she was looking at and he wasn't happy about it. "You would prefer to be with them." His voice was quiet and unreadable. 'Them' being Finn and Poe? Well, yeah. "I don't want any special treatment, Dr. Ren," especially not from him and not in front of her friends or her professor. She was asking - without asking - if he wouldn't mind keeping his distance so she could work. She couldn't tell if the request insulted him or not but he agreed with her, stepping out of her way and sending her to Dr. Phasma. Rey didn't see him again for the rest of the day. Dr. Ren's absence didn't seem to affect their progress in any way, and it became obvious to her that neither of the representatives planned to sit in the dirt. Dr. Phasma was very hands off and it was Professor San Tekka who managed the eight of them. Rey gravitated towards Finn and Poe in between layers, avoiding the other workers for their silence and their unresponsive expressions. She only tried to strike up conversation once - in Greek and in English - and all she got in return was a frighteningly vacant stare. It felt like gazing into a mask - empty, in the way a person's face shouldn't be - and it wasn't sweat that tingled down her spine. Phasma's people gave her the creeps. She didn't want to be anywhere near them. Fortunately for her there was a lot of area to cover - so she didn't need to work with anyone - and she spent the day on her hands and knees with a trowel and a pickaxe. San Tekka told them to dig in natural layers which meant that she didn't stop until she saw a change of color in the soil. Then she rolled her wheelbarrow towards the tent, bagged the soil, carried over the box of fragments she'd dug up, matched the box to the number assigned to the layer, and took pictures (a lot of pictures). She wasn't expecting to find very much on the first day. Things wouldn't get interesting - at least, her idea of 'interesting' - until they hit the Late Republican period. She was looking for fragments of limestone and pottery that would have been in Hades' temple at the time the Romans destroyed it. They would have looted the cella first and stripped the marble from the columns, but the room she'd found was in surprisingly good condition. She wondered if the rest of the tunnels were similarly preserved. Rey hoped she had the chance to find out for herself. San Tekka pulled them off the site at the end of the day and everyone got assigned his or her stack of data sheets to be filled out. By the time Rey finished it was well past sunset and the overcast sky seemed particularly ominous. She also happened to be starving. Poe stopped for food on the way back to campus and then the three of them sat outside and talked until Rey leaned against Finn's shoulder and her head lolled into the crook of his neck. She almost fell asleep on him so she dragged herself to the dormitory. Stifling a yawn with one hand she fished her keys out of her rucksack and pushed open the door to her room. Because she was tired, it took her a few seconds to realize something was wrong once she flicked on the lights: one, her window was open and two, there was a lacquer black vase on her desk. And in that vase were a dozen white gold flowers. Rey dropped her bag with an unceremonious thump , wide awake, and she quickly scanned the room. No one was here now - not under the bed, or behind the desk, or in the closet. She rubbed her dirty hands on her (even dirtier) trousers and drew closer to the vase. She didn't trust what she was seeing so she touched the petals: smooth, cool, and hard under her fingers. They weren't just painted gold, they were made of gold. Asphodels, she guessed upon closer inspection, not the first choice for a florist unless it was for a funeral. According to the stories, there were whole fields of these in the Underworld. It was a little morbid but she didn't mind. Rey lifted one of the flowers out of the vase and twisted the stem slowly. There were two jade leaves delicately curling outward and nestled in the middle of the petals was a ruby. No one had ever given her flowers before - and honestly, she preferred it that way. She always thought of them as a depressing (and not very useful) gift. What was so romantic about watching something die? That's all flowers did once someone cut them. But not these . "Kylo," she mumbled the name. He didn't leave a note but she knew it was him. Rey wasn't sure how he got access to her dormitory to leave a gift like that . She thought he was mad at her - because she hadn't seen him all day - and she wondered how long the flowers had been there. He must have brought them by while she was on site. He broke into her room, invaded her privacy, and brought her something he probably 'liberated' from some museum. It couldn't possibly belong to him. The more she thought about that, the more anxious she became and Rey paced the length of her room for nearly twenty minutes. It began to rain and she moved to close the window. Then she saw him. Kylo blended into the shadows well but when she stood behind the glass, backlit by her bedroom lamp, she noticed him move. Her eyes flickered down to the ground and she swayed slightly. He was looking up at her which told her that he knew exactly where she was. She hoped he enjoyed himself, rifling through what few belongings she had... none of which were worth anything. "Don't move!" she shouted at him suddenly, recovering from her surprise and growing angry. Who did he think he was, breaking into her room and touching her things? Rey fought hard for space that belonged to her - that was hers - for most of her life and she was furious with him. It was better than being afraid of him, or admitting that the sight of the flowers completely dazed her. She shouldn't have liked them as much as she did. This whole situation was wrong and invasive and it made her skin crawl. He couldn't just do whatever he wanted, especially if the 'whatever he wanted' had to do with her. "I mean it, Ren-" don't move , "I'm coming!" She grabbed the flowers on her way out of the room, and carried them into the elevator, down the stairs, and onto the lawn where she fully intended to throw them in his face. Notes: So this was a heavily plot-oriented chapter because I'm situating the disappearance of Persephone as a catalyst for echoes of TFA. And it wouldn't be TFA-inspired if Kylo wasn't making destructive decisions, even (or perhaps especially) as a god. I'm on the fence about this chapter but I've been holding onto it for ages so I hope it's alright. <3 Thanks friends! Chapter 6 : Boundaries Summary: Rey confronts Kylo about breaking into her room. Kylo does not see anything wrong with it. They have philosophical differences. Notes: Do you know who the best people in the world are? YOU. YOU ARE THE BEST PEOPLE IN THE WORLD. It means so much to me to have this amazing feedback (which I hope to respond to asap). I originally sketched out ten chapters but now it is turning into more like twelve. This was such a long chapter I cut it in half. As a result, this 'half' doesn't push the plot forward but it is 100% Reylo. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The vase was much heavier than it looked but she hoisted it under one arm like a sack of groceries - a sack of very expensive, sculpted groceries smudged by her fingerprints - until she stepped outside into the rain. Kylo waited for her, turning his head toward the entrance to watch her approach with a solemn expression. He looked very out of place... tall and intimidating, standing in the dark beyond the scope of the motion-sensor security lights affixed to the front of her dormitory. Security lights which did absolutely nothing to keep him out of her room. Rey tried not to dwell on that too much. What made her angry was the fact that she should've known better. She picked up on the fact that there was something wrong with him and she still let him touch her. And she dreamed about him, about how he kissed her as if he was inhaling her. Rey struggled to hold on to her indignation when she faced him, mouth set in a stubborn line. "You were in my room," she accused him flatly and Kylo didn't deny it. She would have chewed him out if he tried to convince her the door was open because she always locked up before she left for the day. "What's the matter with you?" Kylo acted like he didn't understand the question. "I did not steal from you." "No kidding," she snapped at him. What could he possibly steal from her? Her toothbrush? Rey held out the vase to him and her arms trembled slightly because she was tired. Rain trickled into the container unevenly. "I don't want to know where you got these-" "From my home." I said I didn't want to know , she thought crossly. She was going to tell him to take them back to wherever he stole them from but then she worked through his words and what he said threw her off guard. "I don't believe that," she glanced down to the vase dubiously. "No one carries around this much gold," and they definitely didn't give it away, "Is it real?" "You are insulting me." So it was real. If he had this much gold lying around his house, why would he be working? He could sell it and make a lot of money... unless he couldn't sell it. "Are you a thief?" Or maybe a smuggler. A looter. A scavenger . He muttered something then in a language she didn't know. She stared at him. He scowled back and answered darkly, "No." "You must be really rich." "I am." Maybe that was why he was such a strange man. He had a lot of money and no one ever bothered to tell him 'no'. Was that why he thought he wouldn't be arrested? "You find my wealth distasteful," he observed, and the truth of those words embarrassed Rey. She thought she masked it a little better. "What am I supposed to do with them?" That was what she found 'distasteful'. She didn't have a problem with rich people. If Kylo wanted to spend his money on a bouquet of gold asphodels, that was his prerogative but she didn't ask for them. "You could take these and sell them and give the money to someone who needs it." Rey wouldn't want to keep it for herself, not when she knew she was better off than some. "Do with them what you wish." Kylo surprised her and she gave him a skeptical look. He seemed calm but she couldn't read his face. What she saw in his eyes, she didn't understand. "Money will make no difference to those people." "Spoken like someone who's never gone hungry." "Have you?" Rey ignored him. "Money buys food," she retorted practically, "Food makes a difference." "It prolongs the inevitable," he considered her words, which reminded him how unusually attached she had been to the mortal authorities from the museum. Two officers died but he decided not to inform her of this because he perceived it would upset her - although he did not understand why. How significant were two souls out of the 167,594 which passed into his realm on the same day? Who were those people to her? "If you spare a man from starvation today, this does not mean Thanatos will not come for him tomorrow." Rey's words caught in her throat and her hands clenched the vase tightly until her fingers felt numb. Did he honestly believe there was no point in being a decent human being because everyone dies in the end? If that wasn't the most exasperating excuse to be a wanker she'd ever heard... "Why did you give me flowers?" She bit out the words, "They're not going to keep Thanatos away from me." "I will not discuss this with you." "Fine," she wasn't in the mood to talk to him either, and she stepped into the shadow of his height. The rain stopped. "I don't want these. Take them back." Rey thrust the asphodels toward his chest roughly, releasing the vase with both hands so he had no choice but to grab it. Kylo had good reflexes. He caught the vase in one hand, wrapping his fingers around the curve of the neck. He moved smoothly and with an intentionality that was distracting. He was completely aware of his body and his size, she noticed it in the way that he carried himself. "What do you want?" "Nothing from you." Not in her dreams and not here. No museums, or oak wreaths, or dresses, or kisses, or flowers, or even the sound of his voice when he said her name. He stood motionless in front of her - exerting an impossible control over each muscle, heartbeat, and breath until it felt like she was looking at something flat, something not quite there because most people twitched, chests rising, throats pulsing, involuntary movements even when they were still but not him - until she said, "You need to stay away from me." He flung the vase down so hard that it shattered. Rey flinched when it struck the ground and splintered like wood, spilling the flowers into the grass. He spoke to her but she wasn't listening, frowning up at him, "Why did you do that?" "Answer my question." "What ques-" she retreated and he followed her, stepping forward onto the broken pieces of the vase, " Kylo , stop it!" Rey lunged forward and pushed him back before he could crush the flowers. Touching his chest was like touching stone but he allowed himself to be shoved. "You're going to break them!" "You do not want them." "So you're just going to step on them?" His non-answer was answer enough and Rey impulsively crouched down and started to gather up the asphodels, fingers deftly plucking stems from the mud - without cutting herself on the ceramic shards. "Answer me, Rey." "About what ?" "If I do not leave you alone, what will you do?" Rey glared up at him, hating how sharply he had to bow his head to make eye contact with her in the grass. She was glad she wasn't on her knees. "I'll make you." She didn't like the way he was looking down at her - appraising her, as if he were considering how she might attempt such a feat - but she'd taken on people bigger than her before. And won. "You already broke half of these," she muttered under her breath, ignoring his unspoken bemusement as she picked up one of the many jade leaves that snapped apart when he smashed the vase to the ground. He said nothing. "How did you even get a job?" she demanded half-rhetorically, "You're the worst archaeologist I've ever met," and she worked with Finn who didn't know the difference between a pickaxe and a mattock. But it seemed like Dr. Ren had the wrong temperament for the field. "And you have met many in your lengthy career, I am sure." She suspected he was mocking her but it was impossible to tell because his tone did not change. Rey choked back another insult when he suddenly mirrored her position, crouching in front of her with his forearms on his knees. He loomed over her even in this way, his shoulders and chest so broad that all she saw in front of her was blackness. "Say it again." "No," she hated to feel intimidated but she didn't want to look at him as she rolled her thumb over the flower stems to count them. "You heard me the first time." There were twelve, and about half as many broken leaves. "You... shouldn't just destroy things because someone doesn't want them." It got under her skin in a way that it probably shouldn't - but him stomping all over those flowers to spite her was wasteful and infuriating. Kylo didn't say anything but he stood when she did - and they looked at each other for a few moments. She didn't know what to do with the flowers now that she'd insisted on picking them up. "I know why you will not accept my gifts," he said to her in a low voice. That dragged Rey out of the haze of realizing she was holding more money in her hands right now than she'd ever touched in her life. Her eyes narrowed. "Because you broke into my room to leave them?" "No." Rey wanted to scoff in his face but she couldn't. Kylo stepped over the broken vase and lowered his head to catch her gaze. It must've been an uncomfortable position for him, folding his torso to be at eye level with her. When he drew himself to his full height she tilted her chin up to follow him as if there was a thread between them being pulled taut. He touched her hair, the damp tendrils that escaped from her buns and clung to her face. The strands slid between his fingers and he lifted them over his knuckles and leaned forward as her throat visibly tightened with a quick intake of breath, anticipating a kiss which did not come. His mouth followed the line of her jaw, her earlobe, and her throat but he didn't touch her. "You smell like earth," he mused against her hair, and Rey closed her eyes against the shiver of her body, responding to his breath which was cold and reminded her she'd been caught in the rain. "I feel the sun in your skin, chryso mou . " The light clung to her, warm and intoxicating beneath the sweat and dirt she brought from the excavation site. He turned his head toward hers, releasing her hair to rest his hands on her shoulders. "Don't call me that." Kylo acknowledged her command with an inclination of his head. "As you like." Rey didn't know what she was doing still standing here. It wasn't a compulsion - she didn't feel like she couldn't leave - but she thought of the most ridiculous image, someone pouring molasses into her so every movement, every thought, was slow and thick to form. Her senses were heightened but her fight or flight response was dulled. She should have been afraid of him. She didn't even know him and he was saying these things to her. "I want..." she almost said what she was thinking out loud which would have been a mistake,"...to go to bed." Better . "Is that an invitation?" "Do you need an invitation?" The fogginess started to dissipate and she could manage a sharper comeback, shaking her head slightly to dispel the temptation to lean forward and rest her forehead on his chest. She was very tired. "No." He could take whatever he wanted and bend her will to his, but he did not find the violence of conquest arousing. What he craved was far more intimate. "But I would prefer your consent and your cognizance of what you are letting into your bed." "What does that mean?" Very few would consent to be with him, he was aware of this. He frightened mortals and disquieted the Olympians, and not even his servants lingered in his presence. She was not like the others. "Your desire for me is appealing," he responded tonelessly, "It would gratify me if you were to admit it." But sanity was a fragile fixture in the mortal mind and Kylo was apprehensive that the revelation of his godhood would be incomprehensible to her. Rey blushed, but her words were hot and angry, "I'm not here to gratify you." "Of course not." She was here to confront him - and had come of her own free will (which was itself gratifying but he wisely did not comment on this). He lowered his hands to hers, drew the stem of one asphodel out of her arms, and watched her pull the rest to her chest tightly. "You seek value in what you scavenge and keep none for yourself," he took advantage of her silence to slide the flower into her hair, piercing the stem through two of the buns at the back of her head, "Someone once made you feel as if you had no worth, undeserving, insignificant," it called to him in her nightmares, in her eyes when she spoke of hunger, the bone-deep sorrow and loneliness she masked so easily in the sun. "You were no one." Rey felt his hands in her hair and on her neck, fingers spanning the skin from her jaw to her collarbones. For a moment she distractedly wondered why his hair wasn't wet when he had been standing out in the rain with her. She didn't want to listen to him. She didn't like to think about where she came from and who she was before she met Finn and Poe. She was not lonely anymore and she had proven herself useful since she was big enough to be pushed around. Sometimes her mood turned pensive or bleak but only at night and she never mentioned those moments to anyone. Her bad days were behind her and having him tell her all the worst things she thought about herself was painful. His voice was deep and intrusive, and each word stripped a little piece of her armor away until she felt raw and exposed. She was on the verge of tears and she didn't know why. "Why are you saying this?" He was not the only one who knew things but Rey didn't want to admit that she'd dreamed about him. "Those words still have power over you," if she rejected his offerings because they were not to her taste, this he would understand. But what he sensed in her mind was something else , not for me, this is not for me , a reflexive aversion to what she perceived as luxury. "This is inconvenient to me." Rey let out a strangled laugh in response, defensive and wry. Gods forbid that her private thoughts - which were not any of his business, she didn't know when she became so easy to read - should 'inconvenience' him in some inexplicable way. "You are unbelievable." It was not a compliment. "What is unbelievable," he countered, seemingly oblivious to the hostility in her voice, "is that you do not see what I see when I look at you," since he perceived it to be very obvious and she should know better than to trust the opinions of mortals. "Human beings are the most witless creatures to ever roam this earth. Why you would accredit a word that comes out of their mouths as anything resembling sense is beyond me." Rey raised an eyebrow, her confusion curbing her anger now that he was no longer digging into her old wounds. He had a lot to say about people considering he was one of them. "And what are you supposed to be, an alien?" Kylo gave her a considering look and replied, "I am a god." Ask a stupid question... "Of course you are." "I am." "You certainly have the ego of one." "Thank you." Rey shook her head in response. How staggeringly self-important could one person be? "Don't come into my room again," she didn't really want to call the police but she was not above using it as a threat if he turned out to be more of a stalker than he seemed right now. She thought she could handle him. Rey tried to give him the flowers, pushing them into his chest and careful not to touch his shirt herself. Kylo looked at her unhelpfully until she met his gaze. If she belonged to him, he would bathe her in nectar and anoint her in gold. He would wipe away those words and punish the ones who spoke them. He could bestow upon her unimaginable power and wealth if she would only ask for it. "Kylo." Her voice sounded weaker than she wanted it to and for the space of a heartbeat she couldn't decide what she wanted to ask him for. She took a steadying breath, "I said 'no special treatment' and somehow you heard 'gold asphodels'," with a side of 'let me break in and enter this dormitory to leave them' because that was the sensible thing to do. "You do recognize them." He sounded pleased. "Of course I recognize them," well, 'asphodel' was her best guess based on... she wasn't sure, what she knew about Greece and how many depictions of those flowers she had studied, "You are not listening to me," and it was getting on her nerves. She didn't study abroad to get a... whatever he was, or wanted to be, she didn't ask for his attention. She came here because this was her opportunity to travel and to do something she cared about. "I want to focus on my job. It's the whole reason I came," and if he was who he said he was, he should understand why this was so important . "It looks bad for you to be here," and it would look really bad if anyone knew what he'd done, what she should (but wouldn't) report him for, "And to give me these," it was too much, no matter how he tried to justify it, "Where would I even put them? You've seen my room," she gave him a meaningful look, "Someone-" "One of your friends?" The words were barely above a hiss and it made her shiver for an entirely different reason. She wasn't going to say their names - but since they both knew who she was talking about, fine . "Finn or Poe, yeah," both of whom spent enough time in her dormitory that they'd probably notice, "They're going to see the flowers and they're going to want to know where I got them, and then you'll have to explain what you're doing giving them to me." "You do not want them to know." " No ." Why did he sound so... she didn't have a word for it? She glanced up at his face and it was as blank as a mask. She couldn't see any of the things she heard in his voice. This should not have been news to him. "There is nothing for them to know . That is the point, Kylo." He towered over her, and he was so big and domineering that she couldn't concentrate on anything else. And all she was trying to do was take a step back and he made it so hard when he was everywhere - at the excavation site, in her room, in her head . "I can't think straight when you are around," she admitted reluctantly - it was something she didn't mean to say out loud, "You need to go now." Rey didn't know what it was that she said that convinced him but he left. He didn't even try to kiss her which... was good, it was a good thing. He took the flowers too, all except the one he left in her hair. She forgot it was there until she returned to her dormitory and took a look at herself in the mirror. She looked as tired as she felt, and the flower frustrated her all over again but she didn't throw it away. Instead she tucked it under a pile of papers in the bottom of her desk - out of sight but definitely not out of mind. And when she finally crawled into bed, the one thing she was hoping for was not to dream. Notes: Sooo yes, this chapter did not do much for answering questions - but the next chapter will do more to integrate things - archaeology, mystical artifacts, plot! - with Reylo so it should be looking more cohesive soon. Thank you for reading and for being wonderful. :) Chapter 7 : As Above, So Below Summary: Kylo keeps his distance, and when they meet again he broaches the subject of gods. He shows Rey the Nekromanteion and she gets her first taste of necromancy. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hades felt something akin to shame but it was such an unfamiliar emotion he could not name it. He had believed himself to possess an adequate understanding of modern society and mortal rituals of courting in which they exchanged gifts. He had observed the bestowal of jewelry, clothing, and flowers on an intended. It was meant to be an expression of affection. He made such overtures to Persephone in the early days of their... relationship, which of course she rejected but he always assumed that had more to do with her circumstances than an intrinsic distaste for luxury. She despised him in the beginning. She would lock herself in her room and cry. Her sorrow pierced the obsidian walls of his temple and consumed him. He promised her power rivaling his own, utter mastery over his domain, and anything under the earth that she could possibly desire. He brought her platters of gold and silver, encrusted with emeralds and diamonds, ornate bouquets of flowers carved of gemstone in a perfect mimicry of the living world. Persephone pleaded with him to let her go and when he refused, she grew angry with him. You are a monster. She banished him from her sight. She said she could not love him. I will never forgive you. How could you bring me here? I hate this place. I hate you. He could see no other way to keep her than to bind her to him - and to the Underworld - in the splitting of a pomegranate he gave to her. He could feel her hunger and he took advantage of this to claim her as his own. She had come to love him in the end and he had dedicated centuries in recompense for the anguish he caused her. He did not wish to do this to Rey. He had hoped to cultivate a connection with her as mortals did but she was not receptive to his efforts. What he perceived as restraint on his part she spurned as overzealous. She was uncomfortable with the intimate knowledge he had gleaned from her mind, the grandiosity of his gesture, and the presumption. He had not encountered resistance in a very long time. It brought into sharp relief how poorly he grasped the nuances of human interaction. No one knew better the sound of their suffering, the eternal torment of those whose actions in life condemned them in the Underworld. He understood mortal greed and rage, depravity and cruelty, fear and violence. He had seen them desperate and devious, prostrating themselves before his throne, pleading with him, bargaining with him, begging to be spared from death. It was not in his nature to yield. Nor was he capable of gracefully conceding a loss. Hades rolled the asphodel beneath his palms and snapped the metal stems in half, crushing the petals in his fists until shimmering dust collected on the ground at his feet like ashes. He returned to his domain in a swell of shadow and the darkness blended into his rage creating a palpable fury which cleaved the stone walls of his throne room and rumbled under him, black earth shuddering beneath the palace foundations. Shedding the last of his mortal guise, Hades strode through silent corridors and flung open the doors to his armory. He stored his armor in this room, smooth plates of black Stygian iron in which he cut an imposing figure on the battlefield. Next to his armor he displayed a number of spears, swords, and javelins but by far his most prized weapon was the bident. A black chest rested beneath the two-pronged instrument, invisible to anyone but him. He smoothed his fingers over the shifting stone carvings on the lid, which depicted the everlasting punishment of Sisyphus. The boulder rolled across the ebony slab with a muted grind as Hades opened the chest. Inside were a pair of heavy manacles inscribed with words of power that would entrap wayward spirits and gods alike. The shackles were forged from an unbreakable adamantine, bespelled to render the wearer as defenseless as a mortal. Hades caressed the curve of one fetter, the magic humming against his skin. These were the means by which he would entrap Zeus. Hades left the armory and descended into Tartarus. Soon he stood dwarfed by the lean, gray body of the titan Coeus, bound by impregnable chains wrapped thrice around his limbs and neck. The long years of imprisonment had warped the deity into a skeletal figure. He raised his head to meet Hades' gaze with eyes that gleamed in the darkness, black pinpoints in hollowed out sockets. "I trust you have made progress." "We have what we need." "And what of the girl?" Hades said nothing. Coeus disregarded his silence to inquire, "A mortal ensnared you, is this not unprecedented?" "I am not ensnared." She had made no such effort and he had no success procuring what he wanted from her. He had no interest in discussing the girl. "She is insignificant to me, I assure you." Coeus did not remark on the truth in those words, instead musing that it was for the best as she was not likely to survive what would come to pass. Hades could not deny this. Mortals did not tend to last in the wars of gods. Rey dreaded the next morning but when she arrived at the excavation site, Kylo Ren was not there. She didn't see him for the rest of the week. Dr. Phasma informed them that he had more pressing projects to manage so they would now answer to her. Rey wondered if she had something to do with that. Kylo Ren was not the first creep she'd ever met. He was the strangest one she'd met, though. The last time someone broke into her home, it was in London; they ransacked the place and stole the quid she stacked on her desk for laundry. They didn't leave flowers. And it was in the way he spoke to her, as if they'd known each other for a very long time instead of a couple days. In the light of day Rey wasn't torn between her attraction and her discomfort. There were no dreams. Her room was hers again. The excavation progressed slowly. She had no intention of seeking him out and as long as he wasn't compromising her work, she didn't need to think about him at all. "It's going to rain tomorrow. Phasma's giving us the day off." Finn sounded as surprised as she was. A week with Phasma gave them the impression she wasn't a 'day off' kind of person. Rey wasn't either. "I heard." She thought it was a waste to lose a whole Saturday just because of the weather. They could still work under the tarps. It was only rain, not even a thunderstorm. She glanced up and Finn was giving her an expectant look. "What?" "Road trip," he suggested, "Poe wants to know if you're in." Rey balanced the large square sieve on the edges of a red wheelbarrow, sifting the dirt through the screen with her palms on either side of the wooden frame. Finn braced the bottom of the wheelbarrow with both hands and she shot him a grateful smile. "Depends. Where are you going?" She picked out small ceramic shards to put in a box, separating them from the pebbles caught in the mesh. "Perama. It's a few kilometers away." Her face lit up, smudged with dirt. She knew of Perama, but she'd never been there. "Can we go caving?" "Caving," Finn repeated hesitantly, but catching how eager she looked he amped up his own enthusiasm, "Yeah, why not? That sounds... relaxing." "We should eat lunch first," because it was free at the university so why would she pay for extra food? "And I want to drop this off at the lab in the morning," she lifted the box, which she was hoping to deliver once she tagged it and filled out the data sheet. "It'd be good to spot-date this layer." Professor San Tekka called in a specialist to consult once they started digging up pottery fragments. It typically took a couple days to TL-date but at least tomorrow wouldn't be a waste if she sent it over early. "Let's take some pictures." And then she could finish bagging the layer and double-check her numbers. At the end of the day, Rey packed up her things and loaded everything into the trunk of Poe's car. Phasma's workers disappeared at sunset - she wasn't even sure she saw them leave - which left her, Finn, and Poe to cover the site in anticipation of bad weather. Once she got back to campus, she trudged upstairs to her dormitory, rinsed off, and went to bed. Oysters. The smell was pungent and Rey wrinkled her nose. It hung heavily in the air, warm and humid and tinged with a tinny, metallic scent. She blinked open her eyes. A black stone altar ringed a fire in front of her, blood dribbling into the ground from the remains of a black sheep whose throat was cut here. A metal plate sat above the fire, sizzling with cooked meat from the sacrifice. Not far from the altar were gathered together the empty shells of dozens of oysters, pulled from the sea and eaten by the celebrants outside of the temple. Rey took a half-step back and nearly fell over her own feet in surprise. The temple was very grand, enclosed within a peristasis of stone and marble columns which rose a staggering twenty meters - at least! - bracing a black tile roof. It was richly decorated with figures in the form of reliefs, sculpted scenes which illustrated rituals and myths dedicated to Hades in the entablature above the columns. It was nighttime so she couldn't see the images in detail but she knew that's what they were because this temple looked so similar to what she pictured in her mind, a composite of all the descriptions of the Nekromanteion coupled with images of architecture she'd been studying for years. It was larger, graver, than she expected - and made her feel so small and insignificant... just as the gods intended, she was sure. Standing in front of the Nekromanteion was like a dream. "The intent is to inspire awe." "It does." Correction: it was a dream. She knew that voice and grudgingly tore her gaze away from the smooth stone porticos of the temple to look at him. He was standing next to her in black robes sown out of fabric that flowed like shadow. "I told you to leave me alone," Rey blurted out distractedly, wondering to herself why she dreamed of him in these places, wearing clothes that no normal person would wear. "Consider this a peace offering." Rey wasn't sure she wanted any 'offerings' from him. Everything he gave her was so odd and extravagant. "Are you apologizing?" He turned to look at her and she prompted matter-of-factly, "For stalking me?" Her lips stuck together, the roof of her mouth dry and cottony. "I did not stalk you." He seemed affronted by her choice of phrase, so she wasn't sure what he thought he was doing. "The stalker doesn't get to decide if he's stalking," Rey retorted with mild indignation tempered by the daze of being here, in this place, and growing accustomed to the smell. Even if he didn't threaten her, the breaking and entering was... not okay. "You had no right." She'd had a lot of time away from him to sort out her feelings. "You walk around like you own everything," he took liberties, "And you expect the rest of us to be grateful about it. That is a load of rubbish." This was the problem with people like him. It was not about the flowers. Doing a 'nice thing' but doing it in a way that circumvented her choice in the matter was not a 'nice thing' at all. It was still infuriating. Kylo Ren contemplated her words. She walked away from him, moving towards the altar carefully. She didn't want to step in blood but she was drawn to the offering in front of her. She imagined she could feel the warmth against her palms. Someone set down a ceramic jug on the ground next to the fire, and it depicted the pouring of libation in red figures against a black background. "Forgive me." It sounded more like a command than an apology, a low crackling of syllables nearly lost beneath the rumble of the flames, blackening the meat in front of her. "This was crafted from a memory," he answered her unspoken question, "I assumed it would appeal to you." "Whose memory?" Her dream wasn't making sense but that didn't dissuade her from crouching down in front of the jug. She resisted the urge to touch it. The lip of the ceramic was still sticky from the wine someone poured onto the sheep. "Mine." "Right," she spared him a wry glance, standing up, "Because you were alive in fifth century B.C." Kylo looked at her. It made her uncomfortable and Rey broke eye contact first, hesitating on the cusp of the portico steps. Her feet were covered in dirt. She wished she could dream up some shoes. Then he spoke. "How do you know it is fifth century?" Rey thought he was testing her. "Look at the people on that jug," she replied, and her voice was steady, uninflected by the thrill of triumph she felt when he all but confirmed her guess was right. "Red-figure pottery is fifth and sixth century." If she was better trained, she'd be able to tell by the body type of the characters when exactly it was painted. Rey felt herself utterly swallowed by the silhouette of the temple as she gazed up at it. "And the peripteros ," the columns and porticos which surrounded the structure, "came out of the Early Archaic period. The columns are not wooden so it is clearly been renovated since Homer's time." That wasn't very surprising to her. They would have preserved the Nekromanteion because it was built on the cross-currents of the rivers. The Greeks were terrified of Hades and this was one of very few temples dedicated to him. To tear it down would have been a great offense. "This feels High Classical to me." "You are smiling." Rey was thinking about how unimpressed her professor would be if he knew she was drawing on her 'feelings' to date this place. But since this was a dream... "I want to go inside." She felt self-conscious about her dirty feet until Kylo Ren brushed his fingers against her elbow to steer her forward. He released her when she glared at him, drawing her arm into her chest until the pressure of his touch faded. Rey entered the temple and in front of her was a large room with a long table laden with half-eaten barley bread, pork, and opiate-laced wine. The oyster smell was even stronger now. This wasn't the same marble table she found but the tunnel was exactly where she remembered it would be. It was dimly lit and led to purification chambers to the left and another corridor to the right. This corridor wound down and towards the center of the temple to the cella where votive offerings were kept, and the statues of Hades and Persephone. The room was full of coins, precious metals, marble sculptures, and inscribed pottery of the best quality. There were enough artifacts in this room - treasure , that's what it was - to buy an island. "Are you seeing this?" "Yes." "That is a lot of gold." Kylo Ren did not respond. She doubted any of it would left in the site she excavated. The Romans would have taken everything worth selling when they raided the temple - and probably destroyed a great deal of it. Rey was reluctant to leave the sanctuary behind but she took the corridor at the other end of the room, descending a handful of steps into a labyrinth of winding, meandric tunnels which led deeper into the earth. She passed through the first iron gate braced beneath an arch where more offerings were stacked on silver plates. "Do you believe in gods?" "Are you serious?" "You believe in aliens," he accused her, a thread of irritation working itself into his baritone voice. He was talking about what she called him before he corrected her on impulse - only to be disappointed by the easy way she dismissed him. "I didn't say I believed in aliens," she protested, brushing her fingers against the archway as she passed under it. There was something moving through the earth. She felt it under her hand and it took her breath away. Rey nearly staggered before recovering from the dizziness, admitting belatedly, "I don't not believe in aliens, but I've never seen one." If they existed, it was probably in a galaxy far, far away. "And gods?" "I hate to break this to you, Kylo," she replied, lowering her voice as she felt her way through the second iron gate, "The gods are myths." He was silent for almost a minute. "Tell me you are not a monotheist." His tone made her laugh, an abrupt sound she covered up with one hand. He sounded disgruntled. "I'm not an anything theist," she mumbled, half to herself over a deep, distant hum echoing in the corridor that pulled her forward, brushed against her mind and reminded her of cool lips on her forehead. "Bad things happen to good people every day. If I actually believed there was a reason for that," the gods' will, or karma, or some sort of cosmic balance in the universe, "I'd go crazy." "Some people are comforted by their faith." Rey shrugged in response and was glad she couldn't see his face. She had nothing against people who believed in that kind of stuff, she just didn't. "What comforts you?" " I comfort me." She stopped where she was in the corridor and spun around tightly on her heels to face him. He was standing right behind her, large and gloomy and intimidating. "Why are you asking me these things? What are you even doing here?" In her dreams again, making them into these odysseys she'd never imagined before. And how was it any of his business what she believed in? It had nothing to do with him. "You are standing in my memory," he reminded her, "I am showing you this to assuage your curiosity." "My curiosity?" She blinked up at him, her hostility at war with her uncertainty, and he watched her strain to see him as clearly as he saw her. She was beautiful in the dark. "You will not finish the excavation," he paused, "I will not allow it." " What? " He had mistakenly believed it would enable him to grow closer to her but he had made a foolish spectacle of himself pretending to be human. He did not have the time to dedicate to such an enterprise, and the project itself had begun to garner too much attention in the mortal world. "Your permits will be revoked if you do not stop digging." "You can't do that." "I can," and I will . "We have a legal right to be there." "And?" What was left of the site would be destroyed soon enough when Coeus rose from the Underworld. As a mortal, she would not be safe in any proximity to the Nekromanteion. She slapped him. His neck snapped to the side in surprise and he rolled his jaw as a stinging pain radiated down his face. It hurt. Interesting . Kylo carefully turned back to her and she trembled with anger, hands balled into fists at her sides and body stiff. "You are upset." "You're a pig," she shot back furiously. He was so willing to help when he thought he could get her into bed, but now that she'd called him out on being a creep, he was going to sabotage her work. "You are punishing me because I didn't want your bloody flowers!" Kylo caught her wrist when she tried to strike him a second time, and held her forearm in a grip she could not wring herself out of. "Careful," he warned her, hand wrapped around the pulse of her wrist, "I am not punishing you." "You expect me to believe this decision has nothing to do with that?" "Yes." She squirmed but to no avail. "I have a long-standing engagement which cannot be delayed." He was reminded of this upon his return to the Underworld and the Titan's guidance enable him to resist his infatuation. "The excavation must end. There is no way around it." "I'm sure." "Don't be petulant." "Go to hell." He blinked at her and she hated him. It was frustrating to stand in the dark with him, the air heavily scented with ritual sacrifice and fumes which were probably giving her those chills she couldn't ignore. She swore she could feel the ridges of his fingertips on her skin and being close to him felt heady and not unpleasant. He is taking the site away from you. Don't forget that. Among other things. "Let go of me." "Are you going to hit me again?" She hesitated, then narrowed her eyes at him and snapped, "Maybe." He released her and she shoved him away, pulling her shoulders inward and storming off into the tunnel. "That is not the way out." Rey turned around and held out her arms, touching either side of the arch she stood under. "You can't make me leave." She wasn't trying to get out, she was trying to get away from him which was... completely different. "I know there's a third ga-." The words died. Kylo watched her breath catch suddenly as the spell was completed below them, and the priest's words spilled into the tunnels as threads, or fingers, of cold wind working through the earth, passing through the living to seek out the dead and draw them into the threshold. Her eyes widened. "Rey?" She did not answer him, frozen by the foreign sensation of magic passing through her body. He was surprised she was able to feel it at all. "These corridors are sacred," she listened to him, and he did that thing where it felt like he was so close he was speaking into her, his voice rolling her mind until she was enfolded in the words. "Even now the earth pulses with the power of the dead. It pulls them from the river." "I don't know what you're talking about." "Don't be afraid," he reassured her, the vexation smoothing out in his voice like flattened silk, "I feel it too." She might not have had a word for it but he could feel her responding to the necromancy. She was attuned to it even in a dream. Most human beings were not. "I don't feel anything." "You are lying." Rey shook her head and the moment he stepped forward, she jarred herself from the momentary bewilderment and turned her back on him, darting down the corridor. Kylo did not attempt to stop her this time. He had brought her here for an entirely different reason but if she could see what the priest had summoned, if she could believe in spirits, it might amend her lack of faith in the gods. In him. Notes: Thank you to everyone for the amazing feedback you've been giving me, I really appreciate it :) :) any time that you take to let me know your thoughts, I love and am super grateful for. I wanted to use this chapter to push things forward not only in terms of magic and the impending doom that is Kylo's terrible decision to release a Titan ;D but also the relationship between Kylo and Rey which requires her to beat back his creep factor (sometimes literally). I hope you liked it :D Chapter 8 : Lethe Summary: Kylo Ren attempts to teach Rey necromancy, introduces her to the dead, and she shows him her earliest memories of her parents. Or lack thereof. Notes: I would like to give the biggest shout out to the incredibly talented and wonderful orangepiemoe (AO3) who made me a beautiful piece of fanart on tumblr for which I am 100x honored and grateful. I'm still learning to master links on AO3 so for now I'll give the full URL: http://haloren1st.tumblr.com/post/143636874413/tomb-reyder-chapter-7-as-above-so-below-his :) And of course, all love all the time to everyone who ever gave this story a chance. You make me want to be a better writer. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) This is a dream. Rey passed through the third gate, managing not to stumble into a puddle of congealed blood next to the offerings stacked on either side of the corridor. None of it made sense, mingling the past with Dr. Ren who only reminded her why she was right to hesitate over telling anyone what they'd found. Maybe she wouldn't have been so indignant if she hadn't let her guard down... about the project, not him. It really was too good to be true. That's what her dream was telling her. Rey knew it would take years to dig up the Nekromanteion. Dr. San Tekka wanted to arrange for the use of a cement truck to sieve the soil in bulk to speed along the process. She was cautiously optimistic about what she could find but places like this cycled through teams of archaeologists for decades depending on funding and number of volunteers. Each context she uncovered brought her a foot closer to the room she wanted to excavate, the one she insisted on seeing for herself with Finn. Dr. Phasma wouldn't allow anyone down there until they cleared the surrounding material to prevent loose spoil from contaminating the surface below . Time and money were the big two in her field. There wasn't enough of either. "Did you always intend to stop the excavation?" The sensation of his gaze on the back of her neck made her roll her shoulders, as if someone had slipped ice between her hair and the linen tunic. He didn't run up on her heels - or say a word - but she knew he was following her. His footsteps were heavier than hers and she could see his shadow moving along the walls. The light dwindled the further she walked. "Yes." "So," she grimaced to herself, "The day you met me, when you said you wanted to talk about my involvement in the project... that was just a crock, wasn't it? You knew there wasn't going to be a project." Not the way she envisioned it, at least. Kylo Ren did not respond. He had acted on impulse, distracted by the resemblance he saw between her and Persephone. "Why didn't you leave me alone?" "You would not leave me alone." His voice was deep and empty. She paused at the end of the corridor and twisted around to glare at him. "Say that again - to my face." "You would not have left my temple alone," he rephrased his words neutrally, "I could have wiped your mind but this would have required me to seek out each person you and your companions had spoken to about your... discovery." "Wiped my mind," Rey repeated. "I left it intact," he assured her seriously, "As you are well aware." He manipulated her very first memory so as not to frighten her when he met her as Kylo Ren but had not touched the rest. He felt clumsy in her presence so the temptation was certainly there but he neglected to act on it. "And you chose not to 'wipe my mind' because...?" Rey hooked her fingers into scare quotes to indicate just how believable she found his words - which was not at all, because it was ridiculous. It sounded like a plot from a blockbuster he probably hadn't seen. "What is... that?" Ren stared at her hands and he mimicked her gesture which seemed strangely disjointed with his long fingers. "The scare quotes?" He didn't look like he was joking which didn't surprise Rey. Someone as self-important as him wouldn't have a sense of humor. His voice wasn't made for laughing. "It means..." didn't everyone know what that meant? "I don't believe you can brainwash people, I was being sarcastic." "I see." The silence which followed was uncomfortable - until Rey heard something behind her, a distant rhythmic drumming that echoed from below. She didn't ask Ren if he heard it too; instead, she pivoted toward the sound and followed it down another tunnel. It was so dark that Rey reached out with one hand, using the wall to guide her descent - and she raised her other hand, palm up to catch any low-hanging stone so she wouldn't hit her head. If this were a proper expedition, she'd have a helmet instead of a linen dress. At a sharp corner Ren caught her by the shoulder before she smashed her nose into the stone and she glanced to the left. Warm light trembled against the walls with each pulsing thump , illuminating her well-worn path in the reflection of a single lantern. She reached the end of the passageway and swayed to a stop. It led to the mouth of a cavern that faded into a tangible blackness. She had no idea how far the chamber extended - or to where. Rey could see nothing beyond the body of the priest. A man in a voluminous long-sleeved robe, his clothes and sandals marked his station as he dripped thick blood from a ceremonial bowl into a jagged crevice in the middle of the room. She smelled an uncharacteristically pungent combination of iron, honey, and milk which the priest poured into the fissure to complete his ritual, intoning in a Greek she recognized and could follow if she concentrated, gesturing down at the half dozen people who knelt on the ground, faces hooded and eyes averted as they beat their fists into the earth. Ren emerged behind her, so close to her that she could feel the brush of his fabric against her calves. "Can they see me?" She barely breathed the words. "No." "I've read about this," she murmured, gaze roving over each celebrant bowed in supplication, "The Greeks would... bang their hands on the ground to make sure Hades could hear their prayers." "It is a child's practice." The words rumbled out of his chest, inflected with an emotion she did not recognize. The cold wind she felt passing through her body surged into the light and Rey curled her fingers into fists when she saw them. The shades emerged from behind the priest slowly, shuffling out of the darkness to stand over the living. Their bodies didn't glow but their pallor was bloodless and distinctly not alive. She could make out if she squinted their clothes and sandals, bloodstains and wounds on those who died violently, scars, pocks, and wrinkles from disease or old age. "This is not real." She could feel the way the magic threaded its way through their bodies when she looked at them. She could sense a cool hum of something untouchable, inexplicable, something she'd never experienced and didn't believe in. "Where do you think people go when they die?" "I don't. I don't think about that." Ren told her no one could see her but she swore the shades were staring right at her. Their eyes weren't empty. They were full of... fear. It wasn't until he stepped out from behind her and their faces rippled in unison to follow him, riveted like a dog looking to its master, that she realized they were afraid of him . It had nothing to do with her. "Why are they scared?" He didn't answer her. "Kylo?" It occurred to her that if he could frighten the dead, she should be... terrified. She wondered what they saw when they looked at him. She was missing something. Rey felt as if she was standing on the precipice of this thing she didn't know but desperately needed to understand. If she could put a name to it, to him , the full picture would be revealed to her - like the front of a jigsaw puzzle box - and she could slot the pieces into place. It would tell her why he said things that didn't make sense, responded to her questions before she asked them, appeared in her dreams, had more money than God, and exuded a force that tingled along her skin and repelled her at the same time. When he did speak to her, it wasn't to answer her question. "I could give you this." "Give me what?" There was nothing in this room she wanted. It was full of shadows and blood and she wished she was back on her knees in the dirt next to Finn, grit under her nails and in the creases of her shorts, knees scuffed and hair slick with sweat. She used to dream about that between the nightmares and the restless hours counting and re-counting tally marks carved into the walls. As the sky lightened with the sunrise, she would fall asleep and dream about the sun, and excavations in the sand, and a green island in the middle of the sea. Everything was bright and warm. A thick cord of power uncurled from him and she felt it like a tangible thing, heavy and cold and brushing against her fingertips. She flexed her hands experimentally but didn't tell him to stop. She was curious. She wasn't sure what he was doing but she gasped when it seeped through her skin and raced along the veins of her fingertips, wrists, arm, shoulder, and spread inside of her with a startling intimacy. It knew her body. It knew where to go. It chased away the heat of past dreams and made her shudder, a knot settling in her chest as the icy tendrils spread outward and made her toes numb. She thought her lips were turning blue, teeth chattering, whole body struggling to contain this cutting, stinging power that drowned out her senses. Her vision blurred as Ren took her by the arm and the back of the neck, knuckles skimming the underside of her bun, to turn her towards him. She focused on his face when he leaned down, and she thought he had the deepest eyes. They made her dizzy. He released her arm and placed his hands on either side of her face, inexplicably drowning out the noise in the room. The absolute silence helped and she could suddenly hear the thrum of power inside of her, pushing up against her skin. "Focus," it throbbed at odds with her pulse, distracting her from his voice, "The source is here, below your ribs." He told her to draw the threads to her chest, weave the power into a concentrated mass she could master. Under his direction she found a rhythm, turned it inward and reeled the power like silk, stumbling at first, strands slipping between the phantom fingers of her mind, but eventually she gathered them up. The feeling returned to her extremities and the magic swelled, caged between muscle and bone below her heart. It was cold but not painfully so and Rey sucked in a steadying breath, shaking her head briefly. Ren let go of her head and she stared at him with a bewildered expression. "What is this?" "Necromancy." Rey nodded. She tried not to think about how magic could exist - this is a dream, it doesn't matter - and she closed her eyes. It was not a terrible feeling. It was strange and uncomfortable, but it also made her strong, hardened her resolve, and imbued her with a sense of... entitlement. She turned her head towards the shades and blinked at them. Mine . Her eyes raked over their bodies and the borrowed power inside of her responded to them, claimed them, and filled her with the absolute knowledge that the dead are mine, mine to command . Under the influence of his magic, she saw them with new eyes not as people - dead or otherwise - but as vessels animated by her power and compliant beneath her will . She shifted her gaze from them to Kylo Ren. Recognition flared deep inside of her, clenching low in her belly, and she sucked in a whimper as the necromancy strained toward like-minded power. Did all necromancers know each other in this way? Ren summoned the shades to him. Rey could feel him skewer their bodies in a lash of magic, sinking into their spines to compel them forward. The dead parted around the priest and his altar like a sea, stepping through the bodies of the living who didn't raise their heads. "Ren..." "Command them," he dismissed the anxiety in her voice, the uncertainty surfacing from beneath so much power as the shades stilled in front of them. "They will obey you." He demonstrated what he wanted her to do and Rey was tempted. She could do it. The magic wanted her to do it. There was a whisper in the back of her mind urging her forward and she understood that it would be so simple, so easy to control them. Then she looked into their faces and her lips twisted with the effort to shove the magic aside. To see them for what they were. It was the fear that caught her eye and made her hesitate, seeing those resigned gazes recognize an echo of Kylo Ren in her. This is wrong . It was one thing to implore the spirits of the dead to converse or advise - but these weren't corpses. These were spirits of people. Real people. "No." Rey pressed a hand to her chest, against her sternum, and squeezed her eyes shut. "I don't want this. I don't want to do this." The more she resisted, the less tantalizing the persuasion and the more painful it was. It didn't care about those shades. It didn't care who they had been in life. "Take it back." Rey pushed the energy towards him, lashing out before he could try to convince her otherwise. It wasn't until the last strand of it slipped out from under her skin that Rey realized how cold she was. She didn't like what she felt, what she'd wanted to do, how hungry and possessive it made her to taste that power. She was afraid she had embraced a part of him too. "You can control the dead." She only spoke once she was sure her voice wouldn't tremble. Her mind cleared and she could think about what she'd just seen. "Yes." She watched him do it and experienced it herself so she couldn't deny that magic was real - at least, in this place. Rey exhaled slowly, rubbing her face with her hands and murmuring into her palms. "And this is your temple." "Yes." "Alright." Rey straightened and wrapped her arms around her waist to ward off the nausea twisting itself into her gut. "I'm not going to say it out loud," it was too unbelievable for her to admit, even in a dream. Gods weren't real. Neither were ghosts. Neither was magic . "I have many names," he replied in an implicit acquiescence to her unspoken attempt to regain her footing in this conversation. He introduced himself as Kylo Ren. That's what she was going to call him. "You can control the dead," she repeated softly, eyeing the only female shade in the room. She was older than Rey but not by much, her blonde hair damp with sweat and tangled around her armpits. She could not have died of natural causes - and the blood smeared into the linen of her dress only confirmed it. It could have been a miscarriage, or a complication in pregnancy. Her heart stuttered. She looked at each of the ghosts in turn and licked her lips nervously. "Rey." "These people have been dead a long time," she said, each word lurching from her unsteady thoughts, to her tongue, into the space between them, "But they're not the only ones you can summon." Ren understood in that moment what she was trying to ask him - but he did not interrupt her. She hesitated, twisting her fingers into the fabric of her dress. "Do you want to give me something I actually want ?" Ren stilled her hands with his, dwarfing her fingers as he wrapped them into his own. If she had let go of the linen she'd dug her nails into, he probably would've kissed them. She knew she should move her arms out from under his but instead she stared down at the contrast between his pale skin and her own, freckled and tanned. "Yes." "I want..." this is so stupid , she thought, and she felt like a child wishing for something she was never going to have. None of this was real. If she said the words, she deserved what she'd get. She deserved to be hurt again. To be disappointed. They are never coming back . "Tell me." His fingers worked over her knuckles and his tone was very gentle, non-threatening, painfully low and meant only for her. Rey stared into his shoulder. She couldn't have said it if she had to look at his face. "I want my family." "Are they dead?" The question took her by surprise - it shouldn't have, it was one she'd asked herself a thousand times - and Rey snatched her hands out from under his, shoving them behind her back. "I don't know," she retorted, "They left when I was young. They promised to come back." Someone promised to come back. She couldn't remember who. "If they are dead," that's all she wanted to focus on, "You could summon them, couldn't you?" "Yes." The answer was so simple, so direct. If he thought she sounded pathetic, she couldn't hear it in his voice. She glanced at him sideways. "How?" He closed the distance she'd put between them and she didn't resist, watching his face carefully. "What are their names?" "I... don't know. I don't even know what they look like." Someone once called her sweetheart but she could no longer tell if it was a man or a woman, and a part of her was afraid she'd invented it when she was younger, comforting herself in the dark with a voice that loved her. "Show me what you remember." Rey blinked up at him. "What?" Kylo took her chin in his hand and said, "Let me into your mind," as he built this place to allow her into his, "I will see your memories as you see them and this will allow me to find your family." He wanted her to surrender the most traumatic moment of her life to him. "If you resist, it will hurt you." "I don't trust you." "I know." Rey pushed his hand away from her face and he didn't attempt to grasp her arm, or interlace her fingers with his. He didn't touch her again. "Are you lying to me?" "No." "Okay." Ren was the one to tell her to close her eyes - and Rey hesitated, frowning up at him suspiciously with the sort of glare that always made Finn squirm whenever she leveled it at him - and once he convinced her to do this, she remembered long nights and loneliness, curling up next to a faceless doll she stuffed herself on an old mattress with no sheets and a torn spring that cut into her leg if she rolled to the left too far. She remembered being hungry. She remembered making her own clothes from scraps she nicked from dumpsters and shelters. There were many long days that were all the same, miserable and solitary and exhausting, humiliating and monotonous. Rey sifted through them all so quickly, hoping that he wouldn't see the tiny splinters of detail under her skin, the painful parts that still made it hard to sleep at night. I'll come back sweetheart, I promise. Rey squinted in the sunlight and her heart seized in bitter recognition of this place. She spun around at the sound of a child's voice, her voice, as she strained against Unkar's bruising grip on her arm - his fingers like sausages encircling her elbow - her small hand balled into a fist, screaming out no until she had to suck in another breath, come back! Rey saw the gap between her teeth as she stared into the sky. Unkar told her to be quiet and the child looked up at him. Rey couldn't look away from her , paralyzed by her own memory, lips parting in an expression equal parts shock and grief. The girl cried out again and Rey's eyes widened. She turned her head but she was not fast enough to catch a glimpse of them . The girl wailed as Unkar dragged her away roughly, and Rey couldn't look at her. She didn't want to watch what happened next. She remembered how much it hurt to feel his nails digging into her skin when he grabbed her by both arms and shook her so hard she choked on her own tears. He told her if she started to cry he would give her something to cry about. Kylo Ren did not turn away. He stood behind the smaller Rey and lowered his head four inches to stand eye-to-eye with Unkar Plutt. Posture contorted in this way, Ren studied the mortal's face, the texture of his skin, the bulbous nose, the spittle in the corners of his mouth, his bleary eyes and the fat folds of flesh around his neck. The child's knees trembled in her effort not to cower before her guardian. Rey covered her ears with her palms to block out the sound, squeezing her eyes shut until the moment passed. When she blinked, it disappeared. The blue sky swirled into shadow and the sweltering heat dissipated, the junkyard fading into the shadow of the cavern. The priest, the worshipers, and the shades were gone but the belly of the Nekromanteion remained. And so did he. Rey looked up and caught his eye, looking away quickly. His sentiments were masked behind hooded eyes and an inscrutably calm expression. It told her nothing. She had no idea what he thought of her now - or why it mattered. Rey swallowed the taste of cotton and bile, sucking it between her teeth. The bad taste lodged in the back of her mouth - or was that her tongue? - and she lowered her hands to her sides. "I am sorry." A disbelieving sound caught in her throat and Rey jerked her chin up. He better not be pitying her. "For what?" Ren met her gaze but she noticed the stone crumbling out of the corner of her eye, revealing the plaster walls and wood paneling of her dormitory corridor. The detail was uncannily accurate, from the patterned carpeting to the fluorescent lights in the ceiling. He ignored her question. "You should sleep." "What?" Ren indicated the closed door of her room and Rey shook her head, shoulders as stiff as her jaw. "No." She didn't understand what had changed. He said that if she let him in, if she showed him what she remembered... "Did you find my parents?" "Rey-" "Did you find them?" she interrupted him, stepping forward, close to him, crowding him, "Who are they? Are they dead?" "I don't know." "You don't know?" It was the only reply she wasn't expecting - and she was momentarily stunned. He seemed so sure. "As I said." "You said you could find them!" Anger flushed her cheeks and stung at the corners of her eyes, spilling into her face and twisting it into fury because she shouldn't feel so betrayed, "I believed you, I actually... bought into this... rubbish ." His word was worth nothing. He didn't know what he was talking about, he looked her in the eye and he lied to her. He was good. He was much better than Finn. "What does that say about me?" "Rey." "Shut up!" She was seized by the very strong desire to punch him in the face, or break his fingers, or both. She pressed the bridge of her nose between her thumbs and thought, I must be the dumbest person in the world . She couldn't believe she was still so gullible. A tremor worked its way through his body and settled in his fists and the line of his jaw when he uttered with cutting precision, "I did not lie to you." Rey hit him in the chest and it felt like smashing her hands into marble. She wanted to shove him off balance, knock him into the wall, and make him pay for what he convinced her to show him. He didn't even flinch. She lost her temper and shouted, "You said you were a god!" "I AM A GOD!" Rey recoiled and the corridor trembled, threatening to dissolve into nothingness. It reminded her that this was just an illusion. It was only a dream. His rage was not. She instinctively knew the moment he lashed out - years of dodging hits, or knocking thieves on their arses for trying to nick her stuff - but he turned away from her. Ren swung his fist at the wall so hard it didn't only tear through the plaster. He splintered wood, toppled the entire wall with the force of his punch, and she jerked away from the door as the hallway caved into her bedroom. A chunk of drywall landed on her bed and Rey waited until the dust settled. "Tell me what you saw." Ren looked at her and if she didn't know better, she'd think he was surprised. Did he think redecorating her dormitory with his knuckles was going to distract her from the fact that he knew more than he was saying? "Nothing," he growled and she could still hear the anger thick in his voice. Rey opened her mouth to retort and he held up his hand - not so much as a scratch, she noticed, no blood or chafing - to silence her. "I looked into your mind and I saw nothing. Do you understand what this means?" "No." Ren turned toward her fully and it was disconcerting to watch him pull his wrath. One moment anger was crackling over his skin, in the tension of his muscles, and the dilation of his eyes and in the next, it dissolved beneath a smooth and placid exterior. "You have not forgotten your family, Rey. Someone has scoured your memories. What knowledge you had of your parents has been erased." "What?" "A god has done this to you." There were three who came to mind, skillful enough to extract such clean details from her early life without damaging her muscle memory as a child. "I cannot undo it," he answered the question before she could fumble over the words, too startled to remember that less than three minutes ago she was wishing she'd never met him, "but I will find the one responsible." "And then?" Rey hated how faint her voice was and she felt Ren's fingers lift a strand of hair off her cheek before he kissed her forehead. It felt like a promise. When she blinked again he was gone. Notes: In full disclosure, this story has gotten away from me in ways I did not expect. I had a very precise narrative planned out and it keeps slipping out of my control and ending up longer (!!). I know this is the world's longest dream sequence but it will impact Rey/Kylo's interactions in the real world as the two intersect more (and not just in Rey's head). As partially written so far, things to come - Hux meets Rey, more Finn, Poe, and Phasma, more archaeology-centric shenanigans, and Bazine Netal cameo as a Fury ;D And Reylo. Reylo bonding to the max. Thank you for reading and responding, and listening to me ramble on. You are amazing people! Chapter 9 : Crossroads Summary: Kylo Ren pursues answers in England, Finn is worried about Rey, and Hux grows impatient. Notes: I wanted to drop a quick warning. There is violence in the first part of this chapter (and a couple moments which may be 'graphic'), re: Unkar Plutt and his dog (however! there is a happy ending for the dog so do not despair, fellow animal lovers!). (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo Ren passed dilapidated buildings shuttered and unpainted, windows broken and doors boarded shut with plywood, in this place that smelled of poverty. The streets were unpaved and uneven, an outpost surrounded by overgrown and yellowed grass. One had to be careful not to step into plastic bags, broken furniture, or the carcasses of stripped vehicles. There were very few open businesses and the most profitable among these belonged to Unkar Plutt who managed a junkyard and resided in a crumbling house the color of sand with a gray shingled roof crushed between two abandoned homes, gutted and overrun with garbage. He would have said it was uninhabitable were it not for the shadows of wretched human beings moving inside, watching him. He glared at them until they skittered out of sight as cockroaches do, shying away from one who could crush them beneath his feet. A woman stood in front of the house hooded in black leather and boots, arms crossed over a black-and-white diamond patterned tunic. Her fingertips and lips were black, her brow severe and eyes bloodshot, and she bowed her head to him. "Bazine Netal." She raised her gaze to his when he spoke the name she took on earth. In the Underworld, she was known as Alecto. She was one of the Erinyes, goddesses of vengeance, and his servant whose task it was to punish the damned in his domain. "You've found him." "My lord," she replied in a low voice, relaxing into a smirk that curled her lips, "Was there any doubt?" No mortal could hide from her. "No." She fell in step behind him when he advanced on the front door of the house, hands hovering over the splintered wood of the threshold before he knocked. A dog threw itself against the door with a violent snarl, barking from behind the wall until a man's voice rang out menacingly. He threw a bottle at the dog. Kylo Ren listened to the sound of glass breaking and the choked whimper of the animal. Its claws scrabbled against the floor to retreat from its master's lumbering gait and his expression was flat when the door opened and Unkar Plutt slung his filthy, corpulent body into the doorway, squinting at the two and unwisely lingering on Netal's physique. Ren could taste her rage as the mortal scoured her body with his gaze, drooping lips twisted appreciatively. " Hupomeno. " She stilled at the command in his voice, shoulder blades tight but no longer on the cusp of ripping the mortal's eyes out of his head with her teeth. Unkar Plutt scowled at him and demanded, "Who the fuck are you?" Ren flicked a hand in the mortal's direction and flung him backwards and into the wall, stepping into the house which smelled of stale food, liquor, and body odor. He entered the kitchen on his left as she strode past him towards the groaning Plutt. Ren's gaze swept along the peeling linoleum floor to the overflowing garbage and the sink, and he ground green glass into the floor as he moved past the empty water bowl lined in grime to the black hound hunched next to the counter top, wedged into the corner and cowering. It was underfed and poorly groomed, fur mangy with a silver chain collar around its neck. The dog began to growl the moment it saw him, baring its teeth in a narrow brown muzzle, and Ren crouched in front of it in a single, smooth gesture. He stared at the creature until the snarling receded, lips quivering, and he reached out with the knuckles of his left hand and ran them under its chin, rubbing along the fur until the tension eased out of its body. Ren coaxed the hound out of the corner of the kitchen and unbuckled its collar, crushing the metal links between his fingers in vexation. He was partial to dogs. "I am your master now." The dog lowered itself to the ground obediently and watched him stand and leave the room. Ren found Plutt pinned to the crumbling plaster wall in what passed for a living room, gagged with the bronze handle of Netal's scourge. Several strips of blood-stained ox-hide formed the whip of the weapon, knotted in human bone and metal and wrapped around his throat. "Release him." The Fury wrenched the gag from between Plutt's teeth, whip slithering from his neck as if cognizant of its mistress' will. He commenced wheezing and coughing, struggling to catch his breath. His neck swelled pink and angry. "This one is guilty," Netal murmured, shifting her baleful gaze from the mortal to him, "I looked into his heart. He is a giver of false oaths, a hypocrite, a thief, and a gluttonous suagroi who abuses those under his charge. He must be punished." Kylo Ren did not respond to her, clasping his hands behind his back and inclining his head to meet the gaze of Unkar Plutt. "Tell me who delivered the girl into your custody." "What... girl?" The mortal's voice was hoarse but defiant, masking an edge of fear. "She calls herself Rey." Plutt leaned against the wall, breathing hard, sweat collecting on his brow bone, and blinked between them in comprehension. "This... is about her ?" The mortal's flesh mottled with anger. "That little bitch stole my c-" Ren gestured in displeasure and Netal shattered Plutt's arm with a blow that knocked his elbow, wrist, and fingers through the wall, skin snagged on splintered wood. The scream tore out of him, a thick sound crawling from the back of his throat, rough and wet with pain. Ren remained impassive. "Tell me who delivered her to you." "I... don't know! " "Where does she come from?" Plutt shook his head, doubling over to cradle his broken elbow to his chest. Netal twisted the whip between her fingers, advancing on him. She snapped her wrist forward, slicing through clothing and lashing his shins. The skin split open and he gave a guttural moan, cursing at her, swaying forward. She stepped into him, hooked her foot behind one trembling knee, and forced him to the ground. "Speak." Plutt swore he did not know the answer. He insisted that he could not remember who had brought her to him, and had agreed to take her on because he had been paid five hundred pounds and got a few years of free labor out of her before social services intervened to enroll her in school. He handled Plutt's mind with none of the restraint he exercised with her , and so the man screamed until the agony rubbed his throat raw while Ren split open his thoughts and wrung out his memories in search of her. To say he took no pleasure in it would have been a lie. After he had culled every memory of the girl, cultivating a comprehensive understanding of what he had done to her, Ren released the mortal's mind damaged but not broken. Plutt was telling the truth. He knew nothing of her family. "Look at me." He quelled the upsurge of emotion, lifting the slumped body with no effort. Plutt's head lolled from side to side, saliva collecting in the encrusted corners of his mouth, gaze unfixed and glassy. "Do you know where you are?" His eyes focused on the features of Kylo Ren and he slurred his response, "Yeah." His meaty fists twitched with the desire to surge forward but he found he could not move and his breath grew short with disoriented panic. "Unkar Plutt," Ren intoned the name as dispassionate as a judge, "You are a degenerate and a parasite." "He thinks he's top of the food chain," Netal drawled from her perch on the arm of an uneven couch, caressing the damp leather of her whip as if it were a beloved pet. "I wouldn't use his bones to pick my teeth," but she might rip out his kneecap to fashion a cup and drink his blood while he caterwauled in anguish, Hades willing. "Leave us." Netal vanished without a word, and the mortal's eyes roved the empty space of his living room in confusion. His jaw slackened. Ren followed his gaze and pulled the shadows from beneath the covered window, between the sunken furniture and the garbage, sweeping through the house as he continued in his measured monotone, "You are a source of pain to her," Rey was no longer a child but the memories of his neglect and mistreatment followed her, "This is unfortunate for you as I am inclined to alleviate that pain." The question formed behind Plutt's eyes, which rolled to the ground where the shadows amassed at his feet, undulating as if they were a living thing. Black ropes wrapped themselves around thick ankles and crept up the mortal's legs. Plutt panted in trepidation, tendons bulging through the fat in his neck, squirming not unlike a worm on the end of a hook, agitated and afraid. "I believe she would intercede on your behalf," Ren murmured, his tone reticent and gaze unblinking, "Spare you despite what you have done," starving her, terrorizing her, and cheating her out of a living wage for years, "Do you not agree?" The sound of his voice drew Plutt's addled attention and he nodded, head bobbing several times. "She'd... let me... go." "Yes," he mused, curling his fingers inward. The ropes constricted around the mortal's body until his joints popped. Plutt's mounting terror was cloying in the stale air as it seeped into his skin, crawled along his thighs and engulfed his gut. The viscous, unreflective darkness ensconced his distended flesh in a stinging, paralyzing cold and his throat seized. "But she is not here," he held Plutt's gaze until the shadow spread over his chin, lips, and nostrils, smothering his mouth and nose so he could neither scream nor speak, "And I am not merciful." Kylo Ren turned away from Plutt and summoned Netal, who reappeared in the threshold of the house as the shadows receded, "His flesh is yours," to suffocate him would have deprived her of the opportunity to exact a fitting punishment, "But his soul is mine, Bazine." "Understood, my lord," she replied, promising, "I will not give him a moment's reprieve while he lives." He acknowledged the words in passing, and crooked a gloved finger to summon the dog. It stood, stretched, and followed him out of the house to the sound of Plutt's gasping shouts and the two returned to the Underworld. "Is she coming?" Finn slid his phone into his pocket and leaned against the passenger's side door, hooking his arms over the window. Water dripped into the interior of the car and splattered the back of his jacket. "No," he replied, exchanging a brief glance with Poe, "She says she's sick." He'd known Rey for awhile and in two years she had never taken a sick day or missed a class. And caving was her idea. She was excited about it. "Maybe she is," Jess piped up from the back seat, scooting forward to hang over the back of Poe's seat, "She didn't make it to breakfast." "Yeah, I guess," he mumbled. He didn't want to announce to a car full of people how weird that was, especially since Snap and Jess were Poe's friends more than hers. Or his. "I'm gonna check on her," he decided, smacking the inside of the car door lightly, "You can go ahead without us." Poe shot him a sideways smile and shook his head. "We're not in a rush," he glanced in his rear-view mirror, "Listen, we'll top off the tank and give you a call in ten minutes?" That would give him enough time to stop by Rey's room and make sure she was alright. "Sounds good." Finn stepped back into the rain and away from the car, waving a hand in thanks as Poe pulled away from the curb. He dug his keys out of his jeans and let himself into the dormitory, taking the steps two at a time until he reached her floor. Finn rapped on the door with his knuckles and waited until he heard the sound of rustling behind the wall before he spoke, "Rey?" He glanced down the length of the empty hallway, "It's just me." Rey hesitated for a heartbeat before she unlocked and opened the door wide enough for Finn to get a look at her face. She was wearing a t-shirt with a faded pub name on it and a pair of beige leggings, her hair loosened around her face and eyes rimmed red. She didn't look sick, he thought. She looked like she'd been crying. "What?" Her voice sounded normal. Finn realized he didn't know what to say that she wouldn't scoff at. He was not going to mention the crying. "You didn't eat breakfast," he blurted out the first (well, second) thing that came to mind, leaning against the doorframe in what he hoped was a casual stance. Rey gave him a bemused once-over, and he shifted awkwardly, straightening. "I wasn't hungry," she muttered, glancing away from his raised eyebrows. "Are you hungry now?" When she was looking at him like that, he wished he'd packed up a whole plate of food for her. Instead he stuffed a hand into his lumpy front jacket pocket and pulled out a container of yogurt. It had a lot of Greek on the front next to the picture of a strawberry, so he figured it was safe. "I forgot a spoon," he admitted, holding it out to her. Rey snatched the yogurt out of his hand. "I don't need a spoon," she said, smiling up at him, "Cheers." She moved away from the door and didn't slam it shut in his face, so he took that as an invitation and followed her into the room. Rey rifled through her desk until she found a plastic butterknife and crawled onto the bed to eat. Finn sat across from her in a chair and watched her inhale the yogurt, tilting her head back to 'drink' half the container, and using the knife to scrape up what was left in the bottom. "What's going on?" If he asked her if she was okay, she'd just say 'yes'. Rey pulled the knife out of her mouth, careful to avoid cutting her tongue on the serrated plastic edges. She avoided the question. "Shouldn't you be on your road trip?" Finn shrugged. "Are you sure you don't want to come?" "Yeah." Rey stuck her fingers in the bottom of the yogurt container to swipe at what was left. "I didn't sleep well last night." She woke up and felt like she hadn't slept at all. "I had a bad dream about my family," and Kylo Ren, and archaic necromancy rituals but Finn didn't need to know about that. "How bad?" "On a scale from one to ten..." Rey crushed the empty yogurt container in her hands, "Eight," it wasn't a nightmare but she relived the day they left her as if she was there and then she came to with Ren's voice in her head, telling her that someone took her memories of them. She hated how much it hurt. Finn winced in sympathy. "Okay." Rey hadn't dreamed anything above a six in a long time - and neither had he. "Should we talk about it?" Rey shook her head. "I'm going to the lab today," last night also gave her second thoughts about the excavation, so she felt like she should be getting the most out of it while she was here, "There is a lot of material to process," and she needed the experience so she decided to shadow San Tekka in the afternoon. Her professor didn't make small talk. She appreciated that about him. "I'll let them know," he replied easily, standing up to pull his phone out of his jeans, "We're taking a pass." "We?" she repeated, "You don't have to stay here. I'm alright." Finn made her wait until he finished the text to Poe before responding, "Rey, you know I only agreed to go caving because of you," and Poe and his friends were looking forward to it, but crawling around in the dark was not his idea of a good time. "You're giving me an out, okay?" "Okay," Rey responded with a brief smile, "I hope thermoluminiscence dating is riveting enough for you." "You're going to be there," he teased, tucking his phone out of sight again, "That's riveting." Her grin widened. "Suck up." Finn shrugged in response. "And it's air-conditioned," he pointed out optimistically, "I have zero complaints." "Let me grab my stuff," she said, sliding off the bed and ducking down to swipe her bag off the floor. They wanted to go abroad together, the three of them, and Rey was the only one who had a very clear idea of where she wanted to go and why - so she chose Greece. The program was designed to appeal to different majors, a lot of classes, but she still managed to convince her friends to volunteer their free time at the site. Rey liked having first dibs on something as important as the Nekromanteion. She liked sharing it with Finn even more. And as usual, he managed to cheer her up without even trying. The Ministry of Culture was housed in a white stone building in Athens, secured with a black iron gate and several guards. Dr. Phasma maintained a sprawling office in the Department of Regional Services on behalf of the Ephorate of Ioannina. The office reflected her tastes with its minimalist and modern furnishings in silver and black, contrasting to two white walls and one made entirely of glass. She had embraced the information age, as it were, and did not look up from her computer when General Hux strode into the room. She sensed his disgruntled mood in the aura of lethal danger he projected from beneath the angular cut of his uniform and tightly-controlled movements. He was restless for war. "How may I be of service, General?" " Ren took one of his Furies to England. Are you aware of this?" "Yes." Phasma reclined in her chair, resting pale hands in the lap of her gray pantsuit as the general stood over her desk, his jaw set and brow furrowed with poorly concealed anger. "He returned with a dog," he did not offer an explanation and she did not ask. "This is because of the girl." Phasma did not respond. Her gaze remained neutral, her posture relaxed. She was certain that he was correct but she was disinclined to have her word drawn into an argument between them - and the general's lips twisted into a scowl. "It is unacceptable," General Hux punctuated the word by slamming his fist down on the edge of her desk, a concentrated show of force that belayed his frustration and dented the metal. "His lack of focus is jeopardizing everything I have worked for and I will not leave this to chance," or to the whims of a lovesick fool - for that was what Ren allowed this mortal to make of him. "What are you suggesting?" "We have two days," and it was only in this brief interval that Olympus would be blind to what transpired on earth - and once Zeus was seized, his siblings would scatter to the four corners of the earth. The path to victory would be clear. "Prepare the site. I will remove the girl." Phasma narrowed her eyes, cold and appraising. Her voice was flat. "You cannot kill her." "I have no intention of killing her," there was no sport in hunting an unarmed woman and he had an eye toward greater adversaries, "Give me the files." He demanded the paperwork she fabricated to expedite and approval the excavation in Ioannina, including signatures, permits, and documentation. "Is there anything more?" No, she replied, no hard copies that could be considered part of the official record within the Ministry of Culture. He disintegrated the papers with the touch of his gloved hand. As the records collapsed into ash, he turned the black lacquer office phone toward himself and made a single phone call - in which he berated the officer on the other end of the line for permitting a team of foreigners to excavate objects of antiquity situated on an unsecured site with no authorization. He ordered the authorities in Ioannina to arrest them - the old man, the two Americans, and the girl - to charge them with theft, forgery, and providing false or misleading statements to public servants. "This is unwise, General," Phasma contemplated how best to distance herself from what would inevitably follow, "He will come for her." He was neither surprised nor concerned by the prediction. "I've lost my patience with Ren," Hux responded in a smooth, smug tone of voice, "He has been derelict in his duties for too long. Wars are won by men of action." It is time he be reminded of that. Notes: Hello friends! So there are just a few things I wanted to mention - all the over-ambitious rambling in my previous A/N is still on the schedule, I just had to cut this chapter in half for (again!) length issues. I hope the cameo of Bazine Netal as a Fury didn't seem too gratuitous (she was such a bamf in TFA for the few seconds she was on screen!). Another headcanon for me is Kylo's ability to work with abused animals, particularly dogs... and I suppose I wanted to work that in in a small way (and Hades -does- have Cerberus, so he is clearly a fan of dogs, like most Greek deities!). It is soooo late where I'm at so this note is all over the place. Thank you to everyone who reads this story! Your feedback means the world to me and I feel so lucky to have found such an amazing community :D :D I hope you're having a good week! Chapter 10 : Consequences Summary: Rey and Finn are arrested, Kylo intervenes and things go poorly for Hux. Rey is returned to the Underworld and reunites with Jakku. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "You are sieving it too much," Rey pointed out, propping her chin up on one hand and observing Teedo - one of the graduate students, whose real name she never bothered to learn - as he ran the sample for the fortieth time. "It changes the luminescence count when you do that," he glared at her and she ignored him, turning to Finn to explain in English, "Electrification by friction gives inaccurate readings." "You don't know that," Teedo retorted, and she wished not for the first time that San Tekka hadn't stepped out of the room to take a call - over an hour ago - so she wouldn't be stuck with him , "You don't even have a degree." "There's a 2011 study from Ankara that says I'm right," and those scientists both had Ph.D.s, "I could send it to you." He told her to shut up. Rey couldn't stand him. He was the one who wouldn't let her touch anything because she was a foreign exchange student, and a sophomore, and a girl. Thermoluminescence dating was expensive and this was the second largest fragment of pottery they'd pulled from the site... and since the process would destroy it, she wanted to be sure they got it right. The sample was molded in the style of Greek pottery, the colors were unmistakable, but it was showing up in a much later layer. Rey watched Teedo treat the sample with a reagent, in order to prep it for radiation, and she smiled at Finn when he nudged her with his shoulder. He was asking her if she was alright. Instead of answering, she said, "This site's not like anything I've ever seen. If I didn't know better, I'd say..." she pressed her palms together and split them, "...the ground just opened underneath the foundations and swallowed the whole temple," which would have preserved its structure like a time capsule, "Because when I was down there, Finn, the ceiling was intact," and the walls and the floor, and for something to have been completely buried and still retain such a significant amount of the original architecture... it must have been some earthquake. A quarter of an hour later, the door to the laboratory opened and Rey pushed herself away from the empty workstation with interest. She expected to see her professor and froze at the sight of two uniformed officers who immediately started barking orders to everyone in the room. Teedo tried to sneak out of the room while everyone else shuffled to their feet, chairs scraping against the white floor. The police caught him, pulling him front and center to speak for the room. "What are they saying?" Finn asked under his breath, his shoulder pressed into her back as he stood up behind her, hands displayed with palms up. "They want to know where San Tekka is," she replied, translating the officer's demands. He was interrogating Teedo who jabbed a finger in their direction ( cheers, Teedo , for selling us out in two seconds flat ), "And they're looking for us." All eyes swiveled to them as she spoke, and Rey snapped her mouth shut as the officers released him. Then they addressed her. "We're being arrested for..." a wry, disbelieving laugh escaped, "...theft. They're saying we had no right to excavate the site. They're going to confiscate everything-" she broke off to address the female officer directly, "We didn't do anything wrong. We have permits- they're not forged!" The officers wouldn't confirm if they'd spoken to Dr. Phasma or Dr. Ren, and they wouldn't tell her who reported them, how the documents could've been forged, or why they were the ones taken into custody. Rey ended up in the back of a police car with Finn, wriggling in handcuffs which pulled her shoulders tight and bound her wrists behind her back. She didn't have her passport, or her cell phone, and Finn was not helping. He was muttering some mantra to try to calm down - but it wasn't working. " Finn ." He was going to hyperventilate if he didn't relax. "Breathe." "I just got arrested," in a foreign country. Rey raised her shoulders to jangle the handcuffs and frowned. "You're not the only one," she reminded him, "You can't let Kylo Ren get the best of you." "Ren?" he repeated, "What does he have to do with this?" "Everything." Rey couldn't explain why without sounding like a crazy person - but she knew this was because of him. He threatened to revoke their permits in her dream, but he didn't say she'd be arrested for it. "I don't think they're who they say they are," Kylo Ren and Phasma may have convinced San Tekka they were legitimate... "They cut corners knowing it'd come back to bite us. They never wanted us there." But by the time they got involved, information about the site had passed from her professor to the Ministry of Culture and the university... this felt like sabotage. "But we didn't find anything," Finn insisted lowly, "They could've given us the run-around for weeks." Rey sank back into her seat. "You're right." If they'd dumped San Tekka's permits into the bureaucratic abyss of the ministry, it could've taken weeks, even months, to sort out approval and funding. The students - including Rey - would've been shipped back to the U.K. before ever breaking ground. "It doesn't make sense," she agreed with him, deflating in her confusion, "But there is something down there they don't want us to see." Finn didn't have anything to say to that, and neither of them spoke again until the officers separated them. Rey protested when they sent her to the women's holding cell to await booking. How was she supposed to know if they found San Tekka? What about Poe? And Finn hardly spoke any Greek. Rey shouted at the surveillance camera in the corner until her throat was sore, then she leaned her head against the bars. And she waited. "Someone is here for you." Rey was on her feet the moment she heard the lock of the door give way - and she heard the female officer's voice ring out in the otherwise empty room. "Who is it?" Professor San Tekka? Finn? Poe? Kylo Ren? She would've been eager to see any of them after four hours of solitude and a dozen worse case scenarios playing out in her mind, but the redheaded man who entered the room in his sharp black boots and uniform was no one she recognized. She stepped away from the cell bars when he paused in front of them, dismissing the police officer with a terse command. He studied her with piercing blue eyes that made her want to look away. The only reason she didn't was because she had the distinct sense it would please him. "Don't tell me you're a lawyer," she broke the silence in attempted bravado, "I didn't ask for one." "I gave the order to put you here, girl." Rey opened her mouth to respond - you? who are you? - but he ordered her to be quiet. The moment he uttered the command, her voice caught and she couldn't speak. She felt her throat work as she cleared it, and she swallowed, but there was no sound. She was mute. Fear shone in her eyes and he watched her jaw ripple beneath freckled skin. The general could bend five hundred thousand soldiers to his will but he loathed the necessity of this so-called alliance. Kylo Ren was not a soldier. He existed outside of a recognizable command structure and he was not to be trusted. "What is it about you that appeals to Ren?" He spit the name like a curse, and for a heartbeat his voice was scorched with rage almost as terrifying as Kylo's. It made her skin burn. "I do not see it." Rey glared at him. "Phasma assures me he will come for you," General Hux ignored her and spoke over her thoughts, "I am counting on it." It would prove to Coeus that Ren's priorities had shifted to encompass this inconsequential human woman and his sentimentality made him weak. What? "Summon him." No . Rey wouldn't know how to do that even if she wanted to. She willed herself not to back away from the general - not to show she was afraid - when he reached through the bars. The way he looked at her made her feel like an animal at the zoo and she didn't want him to touch her. Rey wasn't sure what he would've done because something hit him before she could, and it flung him through the wall. She leaned forward and saw a human-sized hole in the white concrete. She listened to the sound of him struggling to his feet, inexplicably alive when the impact should've killed him. It broke his hold on her. "Kylo." Rey noticed him with a start of recognition, standing next to the door even though she didn't hear him enter. When she said his name, he turned his head in her direction. He crossed the room to her in less than a second and opened the holding cell door which she swore was locked. Rey rubbed her throat, glad to hear the sound of her own voice when she asked, "What's happening?" "Nothing you should witness," he did not sound angry but his hands were cold when he pressed them to either side of her head, refocusing her gaze on him alone until the rest of the room slipped away, "Do not wander. You will not be well-received in my absence." "What are you talking about?" Her brow furrowed and Rey glanced past him, wondering who that man was and how he ended up inside a wall. Where did Ren come from? How did he find out about her arrest? He knew the charges were rubbish as well as she did. "Kylo-" He sent her to the Underworld, body vanishing in a spiral of gray fog which dissipated into the concrete. He would have come sooner had he not been with Lethe, who swore an oath to him that no living mortal drank from her river. It was reserved for the dead. Zeus, then. He sensed a shift in the air and turned to Ares, whose dark uniform was now speckled in dust and who bore an expression so wrathful it could have made whole armies quake. Blue eyes swept the empty holding cell and he grit out, "You should be grateful, Ren." "Using a mortal to undermine my authority," he rumbled, words coupled with a blow of power which Ares staggered to deflect, "And you speak to me of gratitude?" Hades oozed an unnatural darkness as he advanced on the general's lean form and flexed his left hand, driving his silent fury into the earth until it split open between them. He drew his arm back and with it tore the concrete out from beneath Ares' feet. This forced the war god to leap forward, stumbling onto solid ground. Ares bristled to find Hades standing toe to toe with him with that infuriatingly impassive mask. A xiphos shimmered into his hand and he anticipated the strike to follow, swiftly twisting the double-edge straightsword to cut through his rival's forearm. The precision of his blow bit into the bone and his shoulder trembled with the physical strength required to hold his ground. "I do not fear you." A smirk twitched at the corners of his lips at the sight of ichor dripping onto bronze. "Stand down." There was no satisfying grimace, no whimper to indicate Hades registered the pain in his arm. Ares was so focused on the enemy before him that he failed to notice the tendrils of shadow seeping out of the crevice behind him - until they wrapped around his legs and yanked him backwards, forcing him to - with an outraged grimace - drive the blade into Hades' shoulder as leverage while he tore himself free of the darkness. Hades remained expressionless as he wrapped one large hand around Ares' throat, crushing the bulging tendons between his fingers. He lifted the war god into the air, toes of his boots scraping the floor while he dug his nails into black fabric, turned, and tossed him through the holding cell, shattering the metal bars. Ares rolled onto the floor with a groan and Hades manipulated the steel fragments to pin him to the ground by his arms and ankles, piercing the flesh and distracting the general as he pulled the sword out of his shoulder by the hilt. Hades stepped through the cell to stand over him, "You will remember this moment," and what it was to be subdued by power he did not understand and would never possess. Physical prowess was no match for the forces under his control. "If you or anyone you command touches her again," he wiped the blade clean on his robes and black eyes flickered from the cloth to the general, "I will sever your limbs from your body with this sword and bury your torso in Tartarus, Ares Teichesipletes." Hades detected a thread of fear beneath the hatred bleeding from his eyes. Ares understood this was no idle threat. There were places in the deep parts of the earth where not even the worms would hear him scream, and as antagonistic as he was to his fellow Olympians no one would care to find him. Leaving the general to the demolished holding cell, Hades departed with the xiphos and left as recompense the black chest from his armory. Not this place again. Rey clutched her stomach against the surge of nausea, pressing the back of one hand to her mouth and closing her eyes until the sensation passed. It felt like her insides dropped through the ground, a dizzying lurch that pulled her out of her skin, and when she blinked she knew exactly where she was. The first time she dreamed about Kylo Ren, she woke up in this place. It was... very similar to how she pictured it in her mind. The same bronze floors, black stone walls shimmering in the torchlight, and only the bed was different. There were no curtains, the canopy had been destroyed, and the sheets were black. There were no gold or red accents. It made the room seem less inviting, colder, unlike her dream. Rey patted herself down with some relief and realized that she was still wearing her clothes (and shoes, too). She didn't think she was asleep which begged a lot of questions she couldn't answer right now. She could only focus on one problem at a time. Drawing quick, short breaths with her hands balled into fists at her sides, Rey turned in a full circle and took in everything from the metal reflection under her feet to the black stone ceiling. Then she crossed the room to the door and pushed it open into a stark and shadowed corridor. Do not wander . Rey shrugged off the command he'd given her and pulled the door shut behind her. She wasn't sure what was going on but this was what she knew: she got arrested, what happened in the lab was real, and Finn was still in jail somewhere... not here... and she needed to find a way back to him. But the black corridor seemed to extend for miles in either direction and she had no idea which way to go. Fifty-fifty, right? She'd walk five minutes in one direction and if she didn't find a way out, she'd turn around and retrace her steps. She chose 'right' on a whim and counted her steps to distract herself from how nervous this place made her. It made her feel as if she was in a cave. She could barely see her hand in front of her face and so she used the wall to guide her and each time her fingers gave way into a threshold, she tried to open the door. Each one was locked. She didn't see anyone or anything for so long that she got antsy and turned around. This must've been the wrong way. Rey pivoted and walked back the way she came, eventually passing what she thought was the bedroom door. A minute passed in silence and then she heard the echo of footsteps. No, not footsteps. There was a strange clicking noise reverberating through the hallway and Rey hesitated, squinting into the shadows. She couldn't see what it was and only knew that it was coming this way . Ren's warning rushed back to her and she darted to the nearest doorway, flattening herself against the wood, fingers clinging to the inside of the frame, and hoping that whoever (or whatever) it was heading her way couldn't see in the dark. The clicking sound grew louder, its pace quickened, and Rey glimpsed a lump of something moving beyond her line of sight. She turned her face to the side, held her breath, and squeezed her eyes shut. Something wet nudged her calf, the few inches of skin between her trousers and her socks - and Rey let out a choked yelp of surprise, flinching so hard she startled the creature and it retreated a half-step for fear of being struck. She blinked down at it and in the murky lighting, she realized it was a dog. "You gave me a heart attack," she said with a breathless laugh, relaxing against the door and dropping her hands to her sides. She held out the back of her hand and the dog lunged forward to bury his muzzle inside her palm, tail thumping from left to right in a chipper greeting. Rey lowered herself to the ground and welcomed the dog closer, running her fingers over his fur and getting a good look at his face. That's when she realized he wasn't just any dog. She knew this dog. "Jakku?" He was the spitting image of the mutt she grew up around. He burrowed himself into her belly, wedging his furry body between her knees and Rey let out a stunned exhale. "What are you doing here?" One of the things she regretted most about leaving home was leaving him behind. She knew how Unkar Plutt treated his animals - the same way he treated her - and she and Jakku hadn't got on at first. They fought over food and he frightened her when she was younger, but a grudging respect developed between them in the last few years. He followed her around a lot before she moved away for school. And Rey felt pity for any creature that had to live with Plutt. Jakku was a smart dog and she liked him, but she didn't think she'd ever see him again. "You got away from him too, huh?" Rey whispered with a small smile, and patted the hound on the flank before she took him by the chin, "Good for you." It was hard to tell in the dark but he felt healthier to her and he was definitely more... affectionate than he'd ever been back home. He was always hungry then. So was she. And she had no idea how he made it here - wherever here was - but the direction he'd come from was the one she needed to go in. Rey got up and edged past the dog who was so determined to follow her that she gave up trying to get rid of him. The clicking of his nails on the stone was less-than-subtle but she didn't mind the company and they walked in silence for several minutes. Then he barked. " Jakku! " Rey hissed at him, the sharp sound of his voice carrying through what she hoped were empty corridors, "Hush." He barked again and she raised her voice sharply, "Hey!" The dog was off like a shot, scampering ahead of her until he collided with a moving shadow. She heard his voice before she saw his face. "I told you not to wander." Her shoulders slumped in response and she retorted, "You also said you weren't my boss." It was so hard for her to separate what was real from what wasn't, and Rey's face screwed up briefly in her effort to remember whether or not he said that. Was it in one of her dreams? "... I think." "I did." Kylo offered the words as a reassurance but it didn't help because- no, that was a dream. She said that to him in his bedroom when he tried to give her the dress. That wasn't real. The flowers were real. And the... oak wreath from the museum was real (wasn't it?). "Am I asleep?" Rey pressed her hands to her temples mimicking what he did for her in the temple, and again in the holding cell, "I... I can't tell." Everything was mixed up in her head. "You are not asleep." "This is real?" "Yes." "But..." that couldn't be right, she thought, struggling to put into words what unsettled her most, "How did I get here? What did you do?" He was the last thing she saw before she ended up in the obsidian room with the bronze floor, "What is happening to me?" "You and I should talk." "Then talk," she retreated from his outstretched arm, her gaze hard enough to stop him from drawing any closer to her, "Tell me the truth." "Rey..." "Don't Rey me," he didn't have the right to say her name like that because she felt like she was losing her mind. She was not in the mood for placation. "Ever since I met you, my life has gotten... so weird ," parts of it were stunning and others, messed up and infuriating, and all of it confusing, "I don't know when I'm dreaming or when I'm awake and you are... in my memories, and I- I got arrested because of you!" she shoved her finger in his face, "You're ruining my work! That ginger friend of yours-" "He is not my... friend." Kylo covered her extended finger with his palm and lowered her hand, "But you are correct. I am to blame." "For which part?" He hesitated and it was a strange thing to see. He was such a large man and Rey could physically see the pause ripple through his body language and his eyes, but when he met her gaze there must've been something in her angry, expectant look that prompted him to concede regretfully, "All of it." Notes: Hello friends! Thank you so much for your comments and your support, and I love you thiiiiiiiis much :D and hope to respond to all your awesome feedback asap. I don't know if you'll think it's too corny for me to name Unkar Plutt's dog Jakku but I wanted to integrate that in somehow... and it doesn't quite fit as a realistic name for a town in England. If you want to chat about anything/everything/life(/the new X-Men movie because I just watched it!), come be my buddy on tumblr: coyoterey.tumblr.com. Chapter 11 : Two Thrones Summary: Kylo admits (some of) his shortcomings to Rey and introduces her to Lethe, who recognizes her eyes. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) All of it. Okay. Rey closed her eyes for a long moment and she felt relieved. Kylo Ren stood before her unblinkingly, and he watched her process his words, the twitch of her lips, the muscles in her cheeks, and the furrow between her brows as she realized what it was he claimed responsibility for. He enjoyed observing her and resisted the temptation to read her mind. To him this felt unnatural and discomfiting, to force himself to rely on physical cues alone, but he now recognized that it would seem  to her  invasive. Her mind was more her own than her dormitory and she had been angry with him over the asphodel. From the moment he met her he had been reading her mind which made his failure to seduce her even more maddening. Unparalleled strength and power over the dead and all those who dwelt beneath the earth, immeasurable wealth and the knowledge of eons, divine insight into her dreams, her memories, and her thoughts, and he still did not have her in the way that would satisfy his infatuation. Youve been in my dreams. There was a subdued note of accusation in her voice and when he did not immediately respond, she pressed for an answer, Yes or no? Those were not your dreams. He refused to answer yes and he could not lie to her so he spoke over the anger flushing her face, his tone inexorable and calm, I crafted them for us. He drew on his own memories to do so, and showed her places sacred to him. She was quiet. You need to stop doing that. I know. She glared at him. You made me think I was crazy. Yes. Why? It did not occur to me, he had done more to jeopardize her sanity than simply revealing who  and what  he was. More unforgivable still was bringing her to Ares attention. It might have endangered her life. I was careless. Youre arrogant. Yes. And selfish. Yes. Why did you send me here? Rey asked him what was happening and he dismissed her. He said it was nothing she should witness. I wanted answers, not a field trip. I dont need you to protect me. Yes, you do.  Kylo . He had no right to decide whether or not she should be there. It was her life being turned upside down. Rey. When he said her name, he imbued it with power. His gravelly voice made it sound like an incantation, a magic word. Rey. Ares is a coward. Confusion flared up in place of anger. Ares? Given the choice, he will go to war against a mortal army ten thousand strong before he faces a god, for his considerable military skill and his bravado, Ares loved nothing more than fighting battles he knew he would win, I did not give him this choice. He removed her from the prison because he knew she would be a more tempting target and that Ares would not hesitate to kill her to secure the upper hand. It was not your fight, chrysou mou. The ginger was Ares ? She forgot to tell him not to call her that. Rey didnt like nicknames  or endearments. Yes. As in the Ares, the war god? Kylo Ren seemed disgruntled when he repeated, Yes.  Really?  What displeasure she saw in his face vanished behind the mask, the tightness of his jaw unwinding and expression blank. Does he impress you? To Rey the question was unexpected so she didnt know how to respond  and Kylo filled the silence blandly, I understand some find his virility to be appealing. Ares did have several scores of children throughout the ages, borne of mortal and immortal women alike. Virility? Rey felt like she was parroting a lot of words today, but she couldnt help but laugh at the way he said it. Her laugh escaped without warning, a short sound swallowed up as soon as it was uttered. Somehow it still managed to linger in the corridor and he gazed at her with an impenetrable depth. He creeped me out, in some ways more than Ren  it was the way he looked at her with those sharp blue eyes, she didnt like it, And I thought Ares would be bigger, broader, all rippling muscle and armor not tall and lean in his trim uniform. I see. Silence. Her mood turned pensive when she asked him, Are you really a god? Yes. He had told her this before but once, she thought he was joking (in his way  and it wasnt a good joke because she was furious with him) and the second time was in a dream. I thought the gods were myths. It was stubborn of her to cling to the notion of a myth after the conversation theyd just had, but thats what Ares was. People used him to explain why atrocities happened in war and what drove people berserk with rage. And yet Well, he had a point there. Either gods existed and everything that had happened to her was the result of divine meddling or she was in the midst of a complete breakdown and imagining all of this inside her head. Of the two paths she could have taken to explain away where she was  and with whom  right now, the former seemed more realistic. She trusted herself more than anyone else, and she knew she wasnt delusional. Okay, Rey nodded her head in a decisive manner, and took a deep breath because she needed to say it out loud, Gods exist. And once she accepted that, things would begin to make sense. Kylo Ren didnt smile, but she thought he was pleased when he said, I have someone for you to meet. Another god? He didnt answer but he did guide her through the corridor, one hand hovering over her lower back although he did not touch her. Jakku followed at Kylos heel as happy as shed ever seen him, and she meant to ask how Unkar Plutts dog ended up in this palace but she was distracted. At the end of the pathway was an ominous black stone arch illuminated by candles that seemed to hang in mid-air, framing two heavy doors twice as large as him. Rey stepped over the threshold and into a torchlit room which left her reeling from its unembellished beauty. Seven black marble steps led up to two thrones, pulling her gaze from the bronze floor and dark columns. The first throne she saw was massive, carved out of onyx and inlaid with ebony. To the right of the throne was a marble stand surging up from the floor, forming a shallow hexagonal bowl where something mustve been on display. Kylo silently invited her to take a closer look, ascending the steps with a slight incline of his head to her. She followed him and noticed how smooth the black throne was, how intimidating its spiked turrets rising from the back of the chair and the skulls mounted on the feet. Rey peered into the bowl and saw that it wasnt empty. What is this? Ash. She blinked and the powdery gray substance took on a new texture as she realized what it was, Human ash? Yes. Rey took a step back and nearly slipped off the marble platform. Kylo caught her by the forearm and she steadied herself against his sleeve before edging away from the ashes  and him. She stepped to the left and saw the second throne. It was level with the first but not as large. This chair was also cut from black onyx but inlaid with ivory which made it altogether brighter, warmer, less saturnine. Instead of bone and spikes, she noticed that the stone curved gently as if to mimic the flow of water, or the new branches of a tree in springtime. Looking at the two thrones side by side, she could see how they complemented each other, light and dark, life and death. Its summer, Rey murmured, her hand hovering over the arm of the throne without touching it. She knew who this belonged to. Do you miss her? Kylo ignored the question. To him it was as insensible as inquiring of a mortal, do you breathe? do you bleed? She looked away from the ivory throne, fingers curling into a fist, and faced him. What happened to your arm ? Reys expression  hard and indignant  faltered at the sight of him. In the torchlight she could see one half of his robes splashed with gold, slashed open at the shoulder to reveal patches of skin underneath encrusted with the same metallic hue. It ran down one arm and collected at the wrist, streaks of viscous and glimmering fluid. Kylo followed her gaze and observed with consummate detachment as a thick bubble of ichor oozed between the folds of fabric; he pounded one hand into the wound with irritation and the pain focused his thoughts. He perceived the sharp intake of breath  an unspoken protest  and felt her draw near as he closed his eyes. Do not touch me. It was on the tip of Reys tongue to retort, I wasnt going to , but that would have been a lie. It was as much morbid curiosity as it was concern for him because that didnt look like any blood shed ever seen. Rey couldnt tell the extent of his injuries beneath his robes and she wasnt sure what she would have done if she did touch him. What is that? Willing his skin to knit itself together, Kylo opened his eyes and replied in a level voice, You know what it is. What did gods bleed? Ichor? Ichor was powerful and, so the stories went, poisonous to mortals. Rey wrapped her arms around her stomach and watched the blood-flow slow to a sluggish pace. Then it stopped. Did Ares do that to you? Yes. Why? He knows no other way. Whether it be to defend himself or to prove that he could wound Hades was irrelevant. The sword was an extension of his divine power and he exerted his authority through physical violence because he could do no better. And Hades disarmed him. There was no greater insult to Ares than to be reminded as he lay flat on his back that without his armor he was powerless against that which transcended flesh. Rey nodded as if that explained everything (it didnt). Kylo dissolved his cowl and robes with a twitch of his long fingers, threads of shadow receding from his form, untangling and shrinking and writhing down his body, baring his torso, his waist, his hips and nothing she should be looking at. He was just as large without the darkness draped over every inch of skin and she was briefly transfixed by the size of his shoulders and the rounded muscle of his arms. He seemed so solid . She knew from experience that was what it felt like to touch him. It was like hitting living stone. He was immovable in a way that made her envious. Shed learned to hold her ground, fought for every scrap of independence she had, but if she was as strong as he was nothing would ever be able to move her. She noticed the deep wound on the inside of his forearm, swallowing thickly at the strange discoloration. There was no red. Everything was white and gold from the skin to the exposed muscle to the ichor, and Rey wondered how she could have ever thought he was human. I didnt know gods could scar. A blade divinely forged will always leave its mark. Kylo mended his forearm while her eyes roved over the puckered skin between his ribs and clustered near his heart, the vicious white lines dragged across his stomach. Rey felt herself grimace, then she blinked and the marks faded as if theyd never existed. She jerked her head up with a half-accusatory glare. Did you-? His chest contracted on the inhale, smooth pale skin sliding over muscle, and when he exhaled the scars reappeared like stars emerging from behind a cloud. You can make them disappear, she breathed, impressed despite herself. Kylo flexed his forearm and rotated his shoulder, now fully healed save for two new scars embedded in the skin where the open wounds had been. If you find them unsightly, I will. What? She glanced away from his torso and found dark eyes locked on her face. He was watching her, gauging her reaction and offering her a less imperfect body to look at. I dont care if you have scars," she said, Everyone has scars. If anything, the scars were the most relatable thing about him so far. Show me. What she said, it wasnt exactly an invitation to see hers and Rey hesitated. She didnt respond until he slipped back into his robes, weaving the shadow into cloth that was pitch and no longer stained with ichor. Since his show me was more of a request than an order, she reluctantly unfolded her arms when he stepped closer to her. The worst of her scars ran from the pulse point in her wrists to the crooks of her elbows, from her days digging through Plutts junkyard before she left for college and traded broken down cars for pottery fragments and bone. She usually covered them up when she was working  not because she was embarrassed, but because she didnt want to cut them open again by accident and make the scarring worse. He didnt ask her to explain them but she still mumbled her way through the nastiest of the marks when he touched her skin. His fingers were cool and careful in tracing the faded gashes and cuts, and one bumpy patch three centimeters wide. I was twelve, she admitted, And I shoved my hand under a car bonnet on a dare. The engine was still hot, and she got burned. It never did heal the way it was supposed to, because Plutt wouldnt take her to the doctor for something so stupid. But she only ever made a mistake once so it was a good lesson in what not to touch. Kylo ran his thumb over the burn mark and then cupped her wrists in his palms, his fingers loosely shackling her hands. Her skin felt rough and hot next to his, and it was hard for her to hold his gaze when he lifted her wrists and lowered his head to kiss her forearms. His mouth lingered on the uneven texture of her burn and Reys fingers twitched to grasp at his chin. His grip was slack enough that it gave her the freedom to twist her wrists, and she pressed calloused palms to either side of his jaw. I dont know if I like you, she said quietly, pressing her fingers to the muscle which throbbed and clinched at the base of his jawbone, close to his hairline. He didnt smile but nor did he seem surprised or affronted by her words. I do not strive for congeniality. Rey felt the syllables form in his mouth, the movement of his tongue and teeth and lips under her hands. She was captivated by the texture of his skin and the deep thrum of his voice and the things he showed her not the flowers, not the dress, but the temple and the magic and the throne. It whispered to her, tugged at something deep inside of her, and she didnt understand why. She didnt understand him . What do you strive for? Peace. You . He said one word aloud but Rey heard another in her head. She blinked at him and he held her gaze intently, searching her eyes for something. I cant give you that , she thought. She couldnt even give herself peace. She couldnt sleep, she had terrible nightmares, and parts of her were missing - in her heart and in her mind, in those old wounds that wouldnt heal or scar where her memories should have been. You have a wife, she said to him, hating the way her voice dipped when he stiffened under her touch, Shes a goddess . And Rey was... Rey. She knew how these stories went, what would happen to her as a mortal, as a nobody . It didnt matter that she didnt pursue him, or that she spent most of her time resenting him the gods werent fair and people like her always ended up paying for somebody elses mistake. Kylo withdrew from her and Rey fought the urge to trace the chilly spots his mouth left behind with her fingertips. He sank into his throne and it didnt dwarf him at all. It made him seem even bigger, robes smothering the stone in darkness. He was beautiful in profile, she decided. Kylo Ren breathed power and his presence filled the room, wrapping around her like a shroud. Rey was both disconcerted and mesmerized, standing next to him and unable  unwilling?  to walk away. My wife is gone. What do you mean? She left me as is her custom, and he escorted her to the gates of the Underworld and watched her step into the sunlight as he did every year, But she did not return. I have been waiting. For how long? Rey didnt know what Kylo would have said because Jakku barked from the bottom of the steps, distracting her from the weight of his words. Someone small stood at the threshold of the throne room in a blue knit sweater and dark trousers tucked into worn boots. She wore a small gray vest, belt cinched high on her waist, and as she strode towards them Rey heard the jangling of the metal bangles on her wrists.  Maz ? Her guidance counselor, Ms. Kanata, was an eclectic woman but Rey remembered her best like this. No, she sounded like Maz, but her eyes were different. The same color, same shape, but someone else looked through them someone much older. I am Lethe. She is the daimona of oblivion, Kylo intoned from behind her, She never takes the same form twice. And it was only through drinking from her river that a shade could forget his earthly memory and be reincarnated. Maz- no, not Maz, Lethe smiled at Rey with thin chapped lips and said, I have chosen one that is close to your heart. You have great affection for this woman. Rey nodded. Then this should comfort you. Not really . She wasnt sure how to explain the fact that it was not comforting to see the face of someone she knew  and trusted, the first adult whod ever made her feel that she was worth something  on a daimona . But it did give her an idea and Rey glanced from Lethe to the dog that lay on the floor below her. Is that why Jakku is here? Was it another effort to comfort her by bringing the familiar into the unfamiliar? Lethes gaze shifted from hers to Kylos but there was so much in that look that she didnt recognize. A few seconds of silence passed before she smiled again at Rey and said, No. She reached out her hands, beckoning her forward. Let me have a look at you. Rey hesitated and glanced to Kylo who nodded towards the woman-who-was-not-Maz. This is who I wanted you to meet. She wont hurt you. I wasnt Rey trailed off. She wasnt afraid of anyone hurting her but it made her uneasy to face someone who looked identical to the woman she hadnt seen since she left home. Rey bit off her protest with a sigh, set her shoulders, and walked down the steps to stand in front of Lethe. Rey bowed her head somewhat awkwardly to bridge the disparity between their heights, and she realized that the daimona even smelled like Maz: that strange combination of tangerine and oil that made her chest tight. Lethe fixed her sharp gaze on Reys for a few seconds but in those moments it felt as if the daimona was peering into her and everything that she was. There was nowhere to hide and it made her lids tremble with the urge to blink, to look away from a face that was both familiar and strange, gentle and probing. Dear child, Lethe released her suddenly, voice reedy and sympathetic, I see your eyes. It is you . What? What do you see? Whats wrong with me? You did not perceive this, Lord Ren? She was not speaking to Rey anymore but rather, looked past her to Kylo and it sounded as if this was an unfinished conversation between them. I am surprised. Rey frowned in disorientation, blinking a few times before she pivoted to face him as well. Hed leaned forward in his throne, hands clasped between his knees and expression somber and unreadable. I did not believe it was possible, he replied in a rumble that made the room shake, low and menacing in such a way that it gave her goosebumps. Lethe inclined her head in agreement. Nor I. Believe what? she barely managed not to chatter the words as the torchlight dimmed disconsolately. The room was so cold and she was reminded of what it felt like the first day she saw him in the tunnel (it was him, she was certain, no matter how fuzzy her memory was now). The chill slipped down her throat and between her lungs, raced down her spine and made her throat tight. Kylo? The vowels of his name dropped out as a whisper. He looked at her then and stood, the folds of his robes rolling like waves in a black sea as he descended the steps. Speak to no one of what you have seen, Kylo dismissed Lethe with a warning threaded into the words. He seemed to realize what he was doing, because all of a sudden the biting gloom receded and Rey could breathe again. It is already forgotten, Lethe promised him in a voice that no longer sounded like Maz. By the time Rey glanced away from him, the daimona was gone. Rey . Kylo stood over her instantly, so close that his shadow enveloped her entire body. He took her jaw in his hand and tilted her chin up with his knuckles, leaning down to kiss her. When he dragged her lip between his teeth she forgot what she wanted to say. Her eyes rolled back into her head and Rey swayed forward, gripping either side of his face. His fingers splayed against her cheek, thumb under her bottom lip, and he coaxed her mouth open with the pressure of his hand. Her tongue rolled against her teeth and brushed his and he kissed her harder. His palm slipped to grasp her throat, digging into the pulse points on either side of her neck. She tugged gently on his left earlobe, kissed his top lip, and mumbled his name against his mouth. He pressed a kiss to her cheek and she gasped when he kissed her neck, straining to press her lips to his temple, turning towards him, into him. Youve come back to me, he growled into her ear, catching the cusp of cartilage against his teeth. He kissed her hair and thought at her so loudly he might as well have the said the words. I will bring the rest of you home. The rest of me, she repeated hoarsely, confusion muddying the want throbbing in her mouth and her head, Tell me what this means, Kylo." Persephone . Notes: Woooow this took much longer than expected - I was visiting relatives for a week and (get this) THEY HAD NO INTERNET. No internet. No computer. I spent a lot of time in the sun (????) and in nature, which was great and all but there was also a lot of me sitting around not knowing what to do with myself. Anyways, thank you for all of your feedback and comments, I live off of them and am grateful for the time you take to let me know what you think! :) Obligatory TFA quote got worked in with Lethe-as-Maz... and Lethe! So, I chose her over Mnemosyne (the goddess of memory) for a couple reasons: one, Mnemosyne is one of Zeus' paramours and she seems less entrenched in the Underworld than her counterpart and two, I was interested in Lethe as she is linked to memory loss and reincarnation because the latter definitely comes into play with what is going on with Rey/Persephone. Also! For everyone who predicted Rey and Persephone are the same person, A MILLION POMEGRANATES FOR YOU. And now we are finally at the point in which everyone is aware of this fact (although the big unanswered question now is how a goddess can be turned into a mortal). I am very excited about Rey coming into her power (and I hope you are too! Persephone is so strong y'all, just like our smol bae). Sidenotes, we have not forgotten about Finn and Poe :D who are still topside. Hux and Phasma are still around too annnnd the taking over Olympus thing is still on schedule. It's a busy time in the Underworld right now. Okay, I'm rambling a lot but I've missed y'all and AO3 and wifi and tumblr so I'm excited to be back! :D MUCH LOVE. MANY HUGS. Chapter 12 : Risen Summary: Rey is in denial about her true name, Ares summons Zeus to the sanctuary of Dodoni, and an earthquake facilitates the escape of Finn and Poe from prison. Notes: The most wonderful and talented artist, orangepiemoe (AO3) made another beautiful piece of Reylo art featuring our beloved Rey and Kylo as Persephone and Hades. It is GORGEOUS like all her work, and if you are not following her on tumblr, you should change that asap because she is so generous with her talent and always posting new reylo goodness for us to enjoy! :) Thank you so much, dear friend, this is so lovely and so inspiring: http://haloren1st.tumblr.com/post/146307703603/the-girl-ive-heard-so-much-aboutmore-full (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) "No." Persephone . The sound of her name made Rey recoil and she stepped out of his arms, turned her head away from him, and backed into the steps at the bottom of his throne. She rubbed a hand along her neck where he'd kissed her skin, disconcerted. She was nothing if not focused but when he touched her, kissed her, she was afraid of how it made her feel. She didn't want him to stop. Rey sensed his yearning every time he touched her. She heard it in his voice, in his thoughts, even when she couldn't put it into words. She saw it in his eyes. There were thousands of years of devotion in the press of his lips against hers and now she understood why it felt so good  and why it made her wary at the same time. "Don't call me that." "It is your name." She glared at him. "My name is Rey," and she was a nineteen-year-old college student up to her ears in debt, nothing 'divine' about that. "You told me the gods were real and I believed you because I've seen what you can do," he commanded the dead, read minds, threw that ginger  Ares  through a wall without touching him, and bled gold which was proof enough even for her, "But I'm not like you." "You have forgotten who you are." Forgetting wasn't the problem. Remembering was. She remembered where she grew up, and she remembered being hungry, and being lonely, and getting into fights. She remembered bleeding red. Rey shook her head. "You want her to come back," she said, jaw set when she looked up at him and voice even, "You're afraid of being alone, I understand that." She knew what it felt like to wait. To miss someone so much that you start to see them in other people. The mother she never knew. The father she never had. That didn't make it real. It just made him kind of human. "I'm-" "Do not tell me what I want." His voice was low but it filled the room, rumbling like a landslide of stone inside her head. It made her suck in a shallow breath. Then he was still. But even if she'd closed her eyes, she would have known he was in the room. His reticence brushed the edge of her mind like a cold spot in an old house an absence of emotion that she sensed because he was hiding from her. Five minutes ago his rage was leaking all over her and now there was a static nothingness coming from where he stood. She wondered if he was doing it deliberately, masking himself to remind her that he wasn't (had never been) 'kind of' human. The room felt oppressive under the weight of his displeasure, stifling her words and her empathy, too. She scowled at him. "You're trying to intimidate me," because he didn't like what she was saying. "This is not intimidation." Kylo moved too quickly for her see, vanishing and reappearing in front of her, startling her into stumbling up the steps  one, two, until they stood eye to eye. He reached for her waist but Rey caught his hands with hers, pushing them away from her body. "Stop it." "Lethe is never wrong." "You didn't even know my name the first time we met," so he couldn't have recognized her as his long-lost anything, she wasn't anything to him but a- "You called me a scavenger ." "A" he seemed reluctant to use the word he'd had no problem throwing in her face the first time he met her  but she wanted him to say it, to remember that she wasn't who he thought she was, "scavenger with no memory of where she comes from." "That doesn't mean it was Olympus. " "Of course not," his voice was implacable in its certainty, "My wife was not born on Olympus." "I'm not your wife!" Kylo watched the emotions slip across her face, brows lowered, lips pressed together in exasperation, and lower jaw jutted out as she glowered at him. Even now that he knew who she was  how could she have been anyone else?  there were parts of her that were unfamiliar, inaccessible, to him because she was mortal now. She was more than a shadow of his consort. "But you are mine." Mine. Rey blinked in surprise at the sensation which flowed over her skin, a strong, steady pulse that enveloped her. She didn't hear his voice in her head but she felt what he promised her what it would mean to belong to a god. He offered comfort in the knowledge of his absolute authority over their domain. She would never be hungry again. She would never need to worry about money. She would always have a place beside him, with him. A place with someone who wanted her, who- "No." She remembered how his necromancy surged beneath her skin as if it belonged there. But he couldn't make her into something she wasn't. "Just because you sent me here doesn't mean I'm yours." "Rey." He didn't say her name often and it made her throat dry to hear it. " What ?" without waiting for a response, she demanded, "What do you expect? That I'm going to stay here with you ?" "Is that so repulsive a prospect?" She wasn't repulsed by him but she wasn't flinging herself into his arms either. This was the Underworld and it was a dead, dark place. She didn't belong here. He distracted her from a sarcastic retort, stroking the pad of his thumb along the heart line of her left palm. "Do you feel nothing when I touch you?" Rey fought the flush crawling up her neck. "Not- nothing." He spoke into her skin words she didn't understand, kissing the fate line at the base of her palm. "Lust," I think , "It's just lust, Kylo. It doesn't mean anything." "You are lying." She felt his teeth against her wrist and swallowed, her pulse jumping against his lips. Rey curled her fingers toward his face and seized his chin, digging her nails into his skin. "It doesn't mean enough ." "I do not understand." Kylo lowered his arms to his sides and he stood before her, still beneath the pressure of her hand. He let her hold him there and she realized he was relinquishing something to her. The uncertainty in his voice made him seem younger than she knew he was. "I have a life up there," she glanced up to the ceiling, the dizzying glimmer of obsidian creating the illusion of a starry night. "A job and school and fr- Finn ." Rey choked on the word as she remembered the last time she'd seen him. Kylo's expression hardened but she barely noticed, blurting out, "I forgot about Finn," she pressed the heel of her palm to her forehead with an anxious scrunch of her face, "I need to go." Kylo's face was closed off but he appraised her reaction, "Why?" "Why," she repeated, "He's in jail. " Because of what Ares had done- using them, using her , to get to Kylo Ren. It was Rey's fault that Finn got dragged into this mess in the first place. She held out her hand to him and said, "Take me back." He looked down at her outstretched arm and he stepped away, descending the steps until he stood beyond her reach. The question in her eyes went unanswered for several seconds and then, "No." "What?" He met her gaze with his own, hard and unwavering. "No, I will not take you back." Rey nearly stumbled down the stairs, demanding, "Why the hell not? Kylo!" He turned his back to her at the sound of his name, and he walked away from her, moving across the throne room with a stride she couldn't match. "Kylo, you can't keep me here! Are you listening to me?" He reached the doors before she could and pressed a hand to the grooves in the stone. "I am listening." Rey hesitated, and she wasn't sure why she stilled when he faced her. His robes blended into the black rock, and in a certain light the cloth seemed to ripple with the same texture. "I'm not dead," she said, quiet but defiant, "I haven't eaten anything in this place. You have no power over me." Kylo regarded her silently and Rey tried to be patient- tried not to think about what could be happening to Finn right now, because she wasn't sure how long she'd been gone. Time seemed different here. "It is regrettable that we would be in this position again," he murmured, "I cannot seem to avoid disappointing you." Kylo understood what it meant to do this to her and he could imagine how it would hurt her to know- if she could only remember his efforts to make amends for the circumstances of their marriage contract. And then to have him take her a second time, hold her in this place against her will far from the life she knew and the people she loved he had betrayed her in a way she could not understand. Perhaps he was a monster. "What are you talking about?" He struggled to find the words, to convey them in a language she would understand. "I would rather have you as you are," as Rey, the mortal who rejected him, defied him, and resented him, who would never forgive him and had no room in her heart for him, "than not have you at all." Rey stepped forward, half-threatening, half-pleading. "Don't do this." He knew no other way to protect her from what was to come and he would not surrender her. He could live with her hatred but not her absence. He would never let her go. "I will come for you when it is done." "When what is done? What are you planning to do? Kylo!" She lunged for him but he disappeared and instead of flesh, her fingers struck obsidian. Rey cursed under her breath, running her hand over groove between the doors, searching for a knob or a handle. She pushed against them with one shoulder but the room was sealed. " Hades! " she shouted his name, pounding her fist into the stone until it ached, "You can't keep me here!" The bones of her wrists and fingers ached and Rey gave up scrabbling at the door. The only thing in this room apart from those two thrones was Jakku. "I'm not Persephone," she insisted to the dog, who rested his head on his paws and gazed up at her, "No one sold me into marriage. I didn't eat any seeds. We're leaving." She wasn't the first living person to end up in the Underworld, and she knew there was a way out. All she had to do was find it. The sanctuary of Dodoni was located twenty-two kilometers southwest of the city, the oldest of the Greek oracles situated at the foot of Mount Tomaros. In the past, soothsayers dedicated to Zeus gathered under the sacred oak tree and interpreted the future through the quivering leaves and the flights of doves nested in the branches. Then the mortals cut down the great tree and defiled this sacred site, its riches divided among private collectors and museums. The general stood in uniform  for he was never without his armor  on this once-hallowed ground, unaffected by the sweltering heat, and watched the sky bleed red in the wake of Apollo's chariot, sun sinking behind the horizon. "Why have you summoned me to this place?" A muscle twitched in his jaw and Ares turned to his father who'd chosen an aged form, gray-haired with a trim beard, blue-eyed gaze sharp and reproachful. They had not been on speaking terms for a half-century and Ares' nostrils flared in muted defensiveness. Zeus had not forgiven him for the wars he waged in Europe and he was still resentful over the outcome. He'd lost. Twice . But this was not about settling old scores. "Hades has formed an alliance with the Titan, Coeus." While he did not mince his words, Ares savored the revelation, and his dispassionate delivery was coupled with a self-satisfied curl of the lips, "He is planning to betray you, Zeus." His father's eyes narrowed. "How do you know this?" "Hecate has foreseen it." The Titaness acknowledged Zeus with a nod from where she observed the proceedings, on the threshold of the sanctuary between what remained of the stone walls, weathered and uneven. Her expression was unreadable behind chrome-framed aviator sunglasses but her stance was firm and attentive. "I have devised a way to imprison him," Ares raised his voice, a signal which summoned Hecate to his side where she produced the heavy manacles. "You?" "Yes," the general ground his teeth in an effort to remain outwardly unaffected by the doubt in Zeus' voice. "These were recovered from Hades' armory." "Go on." Ares lifted the manacles with both hands and presented them to Zeus. "They will bind the powers of lesser gods - but I won't risk retaliation if Hades is too strong to be shackled." Zeus regarded him for a long moment, testing the war god's impatience. Whatever he saw in his son's face seemed to satisfy him as he broke the silence to remark, "What is it you require of me?" "You are King of the Gods," Hecate intoned the epithet with a reverence which flattered the Olympian and his not inconsiderable ego, "Most High, Ruler of Men and Nations. Who, if not you, could break these chains?" Understanding dawned in his eyes and Ares concluded with confidence, "Hades would be no match for a weapon capable of subduing you." Zeus agreed and was persuaded to extend his hands. As his son fastened the left manacle on his wrist, he remarked, "I know you, Ares." Blue eyes met his own, bright and unguarded with an anticipation he didn't understand, and it made him suspicious so he raised his free hand to halt the process. "You are not an altruist, my son. What do you gain from making Hades your enemy?" "He made himself my enemy," Ares opted for blistering honesty, the words hot in his mouth, splitting his tongue like a brass blade, "Hades has taken my sword." The challenge to his martial acumen and the humiliation would not be easily forgotten. His hatred was palpable and the notion that he would do this out of revenge was believable to Zeus. No one exercised spite as viciously as Ares. He permitted the war god to shackle his other wrist, and the moment the chains were reconnected, magic surged through them and Zeus swayed in surprise, his knees giving out beneath him as the spell worked its way through his hands and drained him of his powers. "These will bind Hades," he managed in a steady voice, stifling the thread of fear unraveling in the back of his mind, "Release me." Zeus realized he had made a grave error the moment he looked to Ares, whose face had transformed into something cold and superior. "You cannot..." Zeus lurched forward and Ares stepped out of reach, giving a sharp nod to Hecate who removed her sunglasses, pushing them atop her head to reveal eyes blazing with the strength of her spell which she had been weaving from the moment Zeus arrived. She raised her arms and Zeus swore as the shape of a labyrinth scorched the ground under his feet and the seal raised itself into the air, wrapping around his body and preventing him from reaching out to anyone. He could neither move nor call out to the Olympians. The cloud of her magic suppressed his voice, his presence, from prying eyes as she entangled him in the spell. "You have always underestimated me, Zeus," Ares was bitter, his expression unwavering in the face of Zeus' impotent rage. Of course he would never think his son was clever enough for this. Athena, yes, but she was the favored daughter and he was... a disappointment. A blustering fool with a sword and no sense. "Coeus does not." The great Titan - the Supreme Leader - alone understood what he was capable of, and chose to elevate Ares above all other Olympians. "You..." It cost a great deal for Zeus to utter even that word, a single word and with it so many questions. "You were right about him," Ares conceded, ignoring his father's eyes as he glanced to the side. Hades appeared next to the general and it became clear to Zeus that he had been there all the while. He removed his helmet and held it under his arm. "He is a father," Hades took the gritted out acknowledgment as a given, "It is one of his many weaknesses." Trusting that his wayward child would not betray him... it was this groundless faith in his own progeny that Hades exploited, and it was why he had left the manacles to Ares in the prison. The war god would nurture his resentment and plot his revenge against Hades - his hatred was not affected, his thirst for retaliation potent - but not even he would dare to undermine Coeus' rise to power in a bid for vengeance. He had too much to gain from the Titan's victory. "I will finish this," Hades turned to gaze at Ares in profile and in his periphery, Hecate, "Go to the temple." Hecate vanished without argument but the war god stiffened in displeasure at receiving such a command. "I know my orders," he replied with venom in his words, "It is you who has yet to prove himself." " Go ." Ares left to the rumbling of earth beneath his feet, and Hades extended a hand to crack the ground open, reducing the remains of Zeus' sacred site to rubble as a low, strangled whinny whistled through the fissures of rock and soil. A single black hoof emerged and then another and with a violent chorus of snorts, squeals, and nickers accompanying the beasts as four massive sable-black horses climbed out of the earth, drawing his golden chariot into the mortal world. Hades turned to the mute and shackled Zeus, and he lifted him by chain linked the manacles together as if he weighed nothing, hoisting the god into the air and dragging him to the chariot where he flung him onto it with much less care that he'd ever taken with Persephone. Moving mortals in and out of the Underworld, this was a simple task for Hades, but he relied on his chariot to drag the divine into his realm. It was laden with ancient magic, an extension of his power, and he did cut an impressive figure at the helm. Hades wrapped one hand around the leather reins of his horses and with a thunderous command he sent them back, his prisoner bound at his feet. " Hades ." He ignored the reedy sound of Zeus' voice as the horses dove into the earth, layers of soil giving way for him until the darkness blotted out the last vestiges of light streaked across the sky. All that he could hear was the sound of hooves pounded through the ground and the wheels of his chariot rumbling behind them at a speed no mortal could match. His prisoner did not speak again until he'd given the reins of the horses to one of his servants at the gateway to Tartarus. He pulled his resistant - but weakened - brother down the steep, shadowed steps into the pit. "I've set aside a place for you," he spoke to Zeus who had grown silent and pensive, "Next to our father. You remember him." Several thousand years ago, Hades and his siblings had flung Cronus into the pit for the threat he posed to the Olympians. "And what does our father say to your treachery?" Hades leveled a withering glare to Zeus and tightened his hold on the manacles, pulling the prisoner forward harshly. Zeus staggered and could not resist as Hades flung him into a cell carved into the belly of this depthless abyss, pressing him into the wall. Amidst the distant screams heavy in the air, choking Zeus with the taste of terror and torment, chains formed of gloomy darkness seeped from the shadows and slithered around the great Olympian's bound arms, his legs, his torso, restricting his movements and ensconcing him in the stone so he could not move. "In truth," he admitted, standing over Zeus and speaking so low the words were nearly lost in the echo of tortured voices, "Cronus tells me Coeus is mad. He begs me not to release him and swears the great titan is using me, that he will crush me once he has Olympus in his hand." "He's right," Zeus met Hades' eyes and glimpsed something in his gaze that emboldened him - and perplexed him at the same time, a resignation and a recognition, "You know this is true." Hades said nothing. "Release me," Zeus insisted, pleading with his brother to see reason, "We can stop this, you and I. You do not need to do this." "No?" "I know you are in pain nnngh- " Hades choked the words in Zeus' mouth, crushing his throat in one hand which pressed him into the shadow, his eyes rolling into the back of his head as he made several tiny, strangled sounds, pathetic sounds. "Do not speak to me of pain ," he whispered into his prisoner's ear, voice ragged with rage, "You stole my wife and you desecrated her." Zeus flinched and Hades ground his fist into the wall next to his head, "Did you think you could keep me from her?" Hades released Zeus' throat and with tears in his eyes he hoarsely stuttered, "N-n-no." He swallowed. "I didn't-" "Oh, I'm sure you didn't take her mind," he interrupted tonelessly, the anger receding behind his mask, "You have the finesse of a bull. But the one who is responsible did so under your command, and do not think I will not find them and grind them into ash." Hades stepped away from Zeus, and left him with a parting threat, "And then I will come for you and cut out your heart. You may speak to me of pain once I have bathed my bident in your ichor." Hades had no ambition for what Coeus viewed as his due, nor would he be a threat to the Titan. He only wanted what was promised to him. "Finn." He was moving again from one end of the men's holding cell to the other. An hour after he and Rey got separated, the cops arrested San Tekka and a couple hours after that, they caught up with Poe in Perama and brought him in with his caving coveralls on. He stripped out of those and in low voices he and the professor spoke to each other, seated on one of two steel benches. Finn paced. He paced a lot . "San Tekka should be back by now." One of the officers pulled the old man out for questioning six hours ago and then there was another one of those freak quakes. He and Poe could feel it and he swore he heard shouting but he didn't see anything. And since then? Nothing. Nothing . Silence. "This is bad. Something bad happened." "You're giving me motion sickness, buddy," Poe looked relaxed, his head resting against the bars of the holding cell, sprawled on the bench with his hands on his chest. For awhile, Finn thought he was asleep. He frowned and turned away from the cell door, "You're a pilot," or he used to be, "You don't get motion sickness." Poe smiled. "Stop pacing. It's going to be okay." Finn shook his head. He didn't believe that. "How are you so calm?" "Believe it or not, this is not the first time I've been arrested." He was surprised, but maybe he shouldn't have been. "Really?" Poe nodded and closed his eyes. "We haven't been charged with anything yet," he reassured Finn with easy-going confidence, "That's a good sign." "A good sign," Finn repeated sarcastically, "San Tekka is gone. We don't know where Rey is. And we've been stuck in a Greek jail all day for stealing stuff we didn't steal! In what universe is any of this 'a good sign'?" Poe opened his mouth to respond- but then tremors rolled under the prison and the cell began to shake. A low murmur filled the air and it was growing louder. "Get under the bench!" " What? " "Come on!" Poe bolted upright and staggered into the middle of the room, hand outstretched for Finn's. The concrete rippled like water and the force of it splitting and cracking beneath them made him lose his balance. Poe dropped to the ground, too, before the quake could sweep him off his feet - and the two of them crawled under the bench. Poe covered his head with his hands and Finn did the same, drawing his legs up to his chest and gritting his teeth. The metal dug into his bowed spine and his knees hurt, but the worst part was the sound . It was the loudest earthquake he'd ever heard, so overwhelming that it made him groan as if someone was blowing up a grenade right next to his ear. He had no idea where it was coming from but it was everywhere , this deep, disorienting roar that he didn't think he'd ever forget. The kind of gut-wrenching boom that could make whole buildings sway. Finn didn't hear any screaming- human screaming, but he tasted blood in his mouth. The quake was so strong it rattled his teeth and he bit the inside of his lip. It didn't last more than fifteen seconds but it felt like an hour, and he still couldn't move, or hear , for at least a minute after it passed. He felt a hand on his wrist and blinked open his eyes, dust clouding his vision. It got in his throat and made him cough violently, shaking his head as Poe pulled him out from under the bench. He was completely disoriented, and when he reached for the bench to pull himself up, his hand touched white powder and gravel. He looked up and saw that half the concrete ceiling had cracked and caved in, chunks of cement scattered all over the cell, some of them big, jagged pieces that could've killed somebody- that did kill somebody. "Shit." Somehow the prison bars held, wobbly and bent out of shape but still in place. One of the cops had run back here - had remembered them - and he'd gotten struck in the back of the head with a piece of ceiling. He was dead on the floor outside their cell. "Is this another one of your good signs?" Finn demanded hoarsely, wincing at the sight of the man. Who knew that Greece was such a hot-spot for quakes? "No." Poe sounded grim. "This is bad, isn't it?" "Yeah." Finn nodded. "Yeah." He dragged his hand over short hair, brushing the dust off his head, and side-stepped the rubble. Poe said something about aftershocks but Finn shook his head, "We've gotta go. We've got to help Rey." Finn pushed against the door, shouting for help, rattling the bars in the hopes that the unsteady foundation would have loosened something they could use to leverage their way out. Poe reached through the bars and felt the locking mechanism under his fingers but neither of them had the tools to- Finn glanced down, gaze sweeping the floor anxiously. He was thinking about picking up a chunk of concrete and trying to smash his way out but then he noticed the gun in the holster of the officer dead on the other side of the door. "I have an idea," he said, crouching down on the ground across from the dead man. "How do you say 'sorry' in Greek again?" " L ipame ." "Oh yeah," he remembered that from class. Languages weren't something that came easily to him but he had a feeling he'd remember the word now. As he reached through the bars, stretching his fingers out for the weapon. " Lipame ," he muttered to the officer, wrapping his hand around the grip and pulling the gun out of its holster. He apologized again and grimaced, getting to his feet unsteadily. Poe caught him by the arm to help him up. "You okay?" "Not really." Finn clicked off the safety and gestured for Poe to move back. Then he shot off the locking mechanism with a single bullet which cracked through the dead air. They had to nudge the body out of the way to slip into the hallway, and then Finn hesitated about whether or not to leave the gun. Breaking out of prison wasn't on his bucket list - and neither was stealing from a cop - but Rey could be trapped somewhere. A gun could help. Maybe. He didn't think to look for keys- that would have required him to touch the body again. By the time they reached the squad room, trying to find their way to Rey, Finn realized why no one had heard him yelling. Most of the station had been demolished . That explained why that cop made a run for the holding cell. It was in better shape than the rest of the building. The entire ceiling was gone, desks, chairs, and bodies splintered under the weight. "Do you think there are any survivors?" "I'll check," Poe offered in a strange voice, "I... need to see if San Tekka is here." Finn swallowed in realization. Shit . He couldn't believe he'd forgotten about his professor. "Right, yeah," he nodded to Poe, "Okay. You do that. I'm gonna get Rey. I'll meet you back here, okay?" "Yeah." Poe clapped his shoulder with one hand and gave a thin smile. "Be careful." "You too." Notes: This chapter has not been beta-ed at all. I felt so bad about keeping you waiting for over a month (!!), I'm so sorry, things got busy for the month of July... so any mistakes in here are mine. For those of you waiting to see if, you know, Rey and Kylo are ever going to get together, I swear that it is happening (slow burn is... slow as the sloths in Zootopia). Rey needs to come to terms with who she is and something will happen next chapter to help facilitate that and *then*, if you can hang on until then, I hope not to let you down with smutty goodness (and the apocalyptic rise of crazy titan Coeus/Snoke!). We will also find out more exciting things about Finn and Poe and the circumstances that brought everyone together. Thank you so much for reading and for encouraging me, and for being patient and lovely human beings who I am grateful to for all your support and kind words. Chapter 13 : The Acolyte Summary: Rey is drawn to a sacred artifact and experiences a series of visions - both past and future - which hint at what's to come. Poe confesses to Finn why he is in Greece (hint: it's not the archaeological dig) and introduces him to Athena. Notes: I wanted to note that I was so inspired by orangepiemoe's beautiful Reylo art that I incorporated some of Persephone's memories into this chapter. So I dedicate all flashbacks to her gorgeous art :) and all these words to my amazing readers! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The silence was frustrating. It was the kind of quiet that only came from a dead place. She could hear her own breathing, her heartbeat, her footsteps, but the sound was swallowed up by obsidian and metal and hard edges. The torches flickered out of reach and Rey rubbed her thumb along the callouses of her palm, waiting for the stinging to subside. She couldn't force those stone slabs to budge, not with her hands, and she paced around the interior of the throne room twice. No! Rey heard a voice - a girl's voice? - and she paused, then turned towards the shout with her fists at her sides. The sound rippled through the empty corridor, the one Kylo Ren led her through after she left the bedroom and found Jakku, and she drew closer to the threshold. She didn't want to go that way. It led deeper into the palace and further away from the surface, from Finn and the others. She squinted into the darkness when she heard the voice again, and this time she couldn't make out a single word. The echo of the no! faded but just before it dissolved, another word - indistinguishable, but louder, more urgent - surged into the air and caught her ear. Rey didn't know what it was but she needed to follow it, so she turned her back on the throne room and walked into the corridor, one hand outstretched to guide herself with the texture of the stone. She reached the end of the corridor and the voice grew louder, beckoning her in one direction and she struggled to remember how many turns she'd taken. Left. Right. Right. Left? Rey wasn't sure and she stopped where she was, but there was no light, nothing to distinguish this hall from the others. But the voice - voices? - whispered to her, and Rey turned towards two large doors, pressing her ear to the stone. It sounded as if they were just on the other side and all she needed to do was walk inside. With her eyes closed, she felt for the handles but there were none. So she pushed. To her surprise, the doors moved under her weight and Rey nudged them open. Something flickered in her periphery and she walked into the room, turning her head toward the only source of light. There were two oil lamps lit at the base of a marble pedestal where a statue of a woman stood. In her right hand she loosely grasped a scepter and as Rey drew closer, she realized that this was where the sound was emanating from. The staff was within reach of her fingertips if she stood on her toes, and Rey braced herself against the pedestal with one knee to tug it from the statue's grasp. The moment she reached for it, she heard the sound of hooves and bit back a startled gasp, losing her balance and pulling the scepter down as she fell. The ground dissolved from metal into earth, and Rey's eyes widened. She stumbled over the grass and spun around, but the room was gone. She was standing in the middle of a field instead. It was beautiful, unspoiled by paved roads or any people at all. Under clear blue skies and a white-gold sun, green grass rolled over the hillside to the cliffs, intertwined with gnarled olive groves and scattered with flowers. Blue vetches blended with violet, pink cranesbills blossomed next to scarlet tulips and clusters of white and yellow orchids. She knelt under the shadow of a tree to gather a bundle of deep orange calendulas that caught her eye, and the ground began to shake beneath her. Horses' hooves split the tree in half and she scooted backwards, silken hem of her white peplos snagging in the grass as a great black chariot ruptured the earth with a shower of dirt in every direction. The horses pawed the ground, their manes as pitch as night, but it was the man she stared up at. When he stepped onto the ground, the chariot shuddered from the shift in weight, and his first step crushed the calendulas beneath black boots. He pulled the helmet from his head - a monstrous thing forged out of black and silver metal - and set it on the ground beside him. He crouched down in front of her until they were nearly at eye-level, bident in one gloved hand, non-threatening but intimidating all the same. Hello . "Hello," she replied, "Who are you?" Hades. She did not recognize the name but she did not know any gods. She only kept the company of her mother and her handmaidens. "Why have you come here?" I have come for you. "For me?" I am your husband. She didn't understand. "I don't have a husband." Hades looked away from her when he heard her name, the sound of her handmaidens calling for her, and when his eyes met hers again they were hard and cold. Come . He stretched out his hand for her and she shook her head. "No." She did not want to go with him, and she stood up. He did as well, casting her smaller body into shadow. "My mother- she is looking for me." She will not find you. Hades stilled her with his powers and she trembled in the effort to move. He wouldn't let her, circling her once before he whispered where he was taking her. She could see it through his eyes, a dark, sad place where nothing grew and the gods themselves feared to tread. Her breathing quickened with panic and the flowers braided into her hair withered under the brush of his fingertips. He stood behind her and she licked her lips anxiously, unable to speak. Her body crumpled into his arms and he carried her to the chariot. She regained consciousness long enough to see the earth fold in over them as the horses dragged them down to the Underworld, and she screamed out for her mother and her handmaidens. But no one could hear her and soon the sun disappeared. The vision changed and a bewildered Rey stumbled into a mound of diamonds. This was different from the memories she'd seen before, because she was not watching the events unfold. It was happening to her and Rey couldn't help but say what Persephone said, feel what she felt, even though she couldn't remember ever sitting in a field, or standing in a strange dark garden full of flowers and mushrooms and fruits that bloomed with no sunlight. Instead of stones there were precious gems scattered among the plants, bejeweled butterflies and frogs carved out of emeralds as large as her fist. Barefoot in a sepia-toned peplos pinned in gold over the shoulders, she stood next to an orchard of trees with plump, blood-red pomegranates dangling from the branches, tart and inviting. The garden was well-tended in an uncanny way, a wedding present from her captor bestowed in the hopes that it would make these long dead months bearable. It brought her out of her bedroom but nurturing the plants made her sad because she knew she would never see them in the light of day. "Persephone." She closed her eyes at the sound of her name. He was the only one who used it here. To all others she was the queen. It made her feel lonely. "Do you know what I love most about this garden?" she asked, turning to Hades who'd appeared next to the pond and watched her with the dark, hungry stare she hated. It made her dizzy when he blinked at her. "It doesn't have you in it." She had stopped crying but she still despised him. "I summoned you." She ignored him now as she ignored his attendants in the morning. She was torn between the desire to dismiss him and the unwillingness to turn her back, so she settled on walking past him. Her bare shoulder brushed his robes and Hades moved with a startling speed, grasping her wrist. She twisted her hand in his grip but it only tightened, imprinting his fingers on her skin, pulling her to him. "I have a gift for you." "Release me, Hades." She didn't want his gifts. She had more gold that she knew what to do with, whole statues carved in her image, jewelry and bouquets cut from rubies and sapphire, beautiful gowns sewn of silk and shadow, and she couldn't stand any of it. What she wanted was the one thing she couldn't have: to go home. She missed her mother and her handmaidens. She missed the warmth of the sun in her hair. He seemed to consider her command, loosening his hold on her so it did not ache. "Stay." Hades let go of her arm and she folded it into her chest, hesitating with a resentful glare. She was sure he sensed the hostility but he did not react, instead shedding his cloak in a single fluid movement, drawing the scepter from the fabric which dissolved into shadow the moment it struck the ground. He presented it to her with both hands, and his skin shone pale against the engraved gold of the staff. It was long, slender and light, detailed as if it were a stalk of a plant, leafy and living, instead of a piece of metal, tipped with a white asphodel flower made of glass. She took the staff from him and sensed the hum of power in its heart, responding to her as all dark things did in the Underworld. It made her breath catch but did not frighten her, and she slid her hand to the flower, tracing the lip of the asphodel with two fingers. "Does it please you?" "Yes." She couldn't bring herself to thank him for the gift but she conceded that it was beautiful, so much so that she couldn't bear to discard it... not even to spite him. But she made the mistake of looking up at him, meeting his gaze, and she did not like what she saw. Hades took a step towards her and she pushed the tip of her scepter into his chest. "I will not be beguiled by you. I know what you are." Accepting the implicit threat pressed to his heart, he grazed his knuckles against her skin and wrapped his hand around her own. He pushed the scepter aside, guiding her arm with the pressure of his fingers, and she didn't resist. "What am I?" His voice was low, rumbling like the ground beneath his chariot. "A monster." Snatches of color, texture, and smell passed in front of Rey, the image of him awaiting her return on the threshold of the Underworld, the taste of wildflowers that he drank from her kiss, pomegranates crushed beneath her feet in the orchard, the press of bark against her bowed spine, fingertips touching and expressions austere in the presence of those pleading for favor before them... until the visions grew dark and cold, unfamiliar, and Rey was herself again. She stood to the north of Mount Olympus, barefoot in the gravel, and the smoke crawled down her throat and made her eyes water. Black clouds swirled around the mountain range, obscuring the white tips from view, and below the long stretch of rolling hills the trees were burning. She could not make sense of the noise that deafened her, angry thunder from angry gods, the rustling of a predator in the dark, the splintering of broken wood - or was it bone? - and raw throated screams. The forest sank from view, as if someone had yanked the trees down by their roots, and too late she realized the trees were tumbling into the earth as the land cracked and groaned, breaking apart in front of her and under her - the gravel erupted in a spit of tar and rock, and Rey broke into a run. Gasping for breath she fled from Olympus but she could not outrun the roll of the ground beneath her. She stumbled, waves of earth catching her bare feet, and tripped forward into the road which split like a great gaping maw. She cried out as she fell, fingers catching only air. Rey landed on the ground with a muffled oof , bracing herself with her hands, and rolled out of the way of a crumbling column three times the size of her body. She could hear someone letting out a shout of rage that rung in her ears, climbing in volume and octave with fury. The still-burning embers disappeared in a splash of darkness and a torrential rain beat down on her body as she twisted, groping through the sludge to the sound of a strangled scream and watched him - Kylo Ren - run a man through the heart with his bident. Rey gasped as the body crumpled and dug her feet into the soft, wet mud to push herself up, half-blinded by the water. Kylo Ren stood before her, armored in black and flanked by the dead, and she stood alone in this vast battlefield where so many lay dead. She backed away and he surged forward- Rey jolted out of her vision the moment the scepter struck the palace floor, and a jagged streak of power pulsed from its tip and disintegrated the wall next to her as if it was made of sand. In the adjoining room lit by thick corner torches, a number of trophies - his swords, javelins, and spears - crashed to the ground and Rey tasted blood in her mouth. Panting and wild-eyed, she darted a startled look to the staff on the floor. She never wanted to touch it again but as the images trickled away, she remembered where she was. She remembered why she'd wandered so far. "Jakku . " The dog ventured over to the rubble, and Rey stopped him with a warning. She rubbed at her eyes and drew a deep breath as she stood. She caught Jakku by the scruff of his fur before he bounded into the chamber, peering inside with a furrowed brow that soon relaxed with awe. This room was full of weapons. It was an archaeologist's dream, hundreds of perfectly preserved artifacts from every age of classical antiquity: dorata spears with leaf-shaped blades and bronze spikes, a xyston lance like the one held by Alexander the Great, Macedonian sarrisae , Greek and Roman throwing javelins, swords, a bow with black-tipped arrows, and a polished panoply. It was a complete suit of armor, highly stylized, heavy, and darker than anything a human soldier would've used; everything was black from the shield to the breastplate to the greaves. The armor drew her eye to the bident, proudly displayed in the center of the panoply . Only the helmet was missing. Rey needed to find a way out of this place, and she glanced back to the scepter on the ground. It was the same one from her vision. It seemed... harmless now, but she knew better. Working up her nerve, Rey used one of Kylo's fallen swords to slice a long strip of cotton from her shirt and used it to wrap the palm and fingers of her right hand. Then she returned to the room with the statue, knelt on the floor, and reached for the scepter. Her movements were twitchy and her touch tentative, until she was confident it wouldn't drag her into another vision. Letting out a breath between her teeth, Rey picked it up and noticed it was only a little heavier than her walking stick. When the staff did not blast a hole through the floor she decided to risk carrying it through the palace, retracing her steps until she found her way back to the throne room. "Rey?" Finn found the women's holding cell... and the toilets, because he stumbled into the restroom by accident and saw that every stall had toppled over. It looked like a giant had been playing an unsanitary game of dominoes. But that was nothing compared to Rey's cell. There was a giant hole in the cement, and the bars of the cell were destroyed, broken into pieces or contorted and stapled to the cracked floor. As soon as he assessed what was - and who wasn't - in the room, Finn turned around and walked back the way he came, gravel crunching beneath his shoes with every step he took. "Poe?" he called out, halting in front of what was left of the police station, "Poe, she's not here! Where are you?" No answer. Parts of the building were still intact - what if a chunk of ceiling fell and knocked Poe out cold? Or worse? What if it was Rey? One of the cops could have brought her out for a... statement or something, hell, he didn't know. Finn grimaced in dismay and decided to do a sweep of the room. He figured he would walk in a straight line from one end of the squad room to the other, starting on the left and working his way to the right. "If you guys could stop disappearing on me, that would be great ," Finn muttered to distract himself as he stepped between broken slabs of concrete, careful to avoid stepping on anybody - he felt like he was going to be sick - and watching the ground for any movement that would indicate there were survivors. But no one made a sound and a knot formed in the back of his throat that made him want to gag. He found an office phone on the floor but there was no dial tone and the wiring was torn up. He couldn't think about how bad it was outside, or how many other people could be hurt. He focused on two of them. Three minutes passed but it felt like hours. And periodically he would call out, "Poe? Rey?" His voice cracked a little more each time. Anybody? "Finn!" He jerked his head up, halfway across the room, and missed a step so his foot landed on a ceiling tile which slid out from under him. He tripped over a mound of plaster and cursed under his breath. Poe was standing on the other side of the squad room, and Finn scowled at him. "Man, where did you go ?" he demanded, groping his way through the rest of the debris until he reached the other side, "I was looking for your body!" Poe raised his hands in self-defense, bemused by the exasperation in Finn's voice, "I just stepped outside." Now that he was face to face with Poe he felt awkward about his outburst. Maybe he should've thought of that before he jumped straight to the worst case scenario, and he shrugged in response. "What were you doing?" His voice softened, embarrassed. "Praying." "Praying?" Finn repeated, "I didn't know you were... religious." "It's not what you're thinking." "I'm not thinking anything." Actually, he was thinking about how many Sunday mornings they - the two of them - spent hungover with instant noodles for breakfast. Maybe he didn't go to church. Maybe he was Jewish. "Are you Jewish?" Poe smiled at him wanly. "No." "Okay." Finn guessed Poe didn't need to be 'religious' to want to pray, especially in a situation like this. Finn was not a big proponent of organized religion, not after what he grew up with. It was the same reason he dropped out of OTC at university. It wasn't that he couldn't listen to sermons or follow orders, he didn't want to. He was happier now with Rey and Poe than he'd ever been at church or in the office training corps. For the first time in his life Finn felt like he got to choose the people he wanted to spend time with, and he couldn't have lucked out with better friends. "Did you find Professor San Tekka?" "Yeah." His voice was quiet and the smile disappeared. Finn instantly regretted asking because he realized what was coming next, "He didn't make it." "I'm sorry. I know you guys were close." San Tekka was his teacher too, and the first person he'd ever known that died so that was weird (and awful), but the professor and Poe went way back. San Tekka was more than a mentor to him. "Thanks." Finn thought the decent thing to do would be to give the professor a couple minutes of silence, out of respect. But he couldn't because there was only one thing on his mind. "I can't find Rey-" "-I know-" "-and I went to the holding cell but she's not there-" Finn stopped, then narrowed his eyes, "Wait, what do you mean you know?" Poe grimaced - and even that looked good on him - and he suggested, "Let's talk about it outside, okay?" He glanced away from Finn and cast one wary look toward the ceiling, "We're one stiff wind away from this whole place coming down. Come on." That wasn't an answer. "Not until you tell me about Rey." "Finn..." "No." Usually when Poe said his name like that, Finn found himself agreeing to stuff he didn't even know he wanted to do - but not this time, "Did you find her? Is she-?" "She's not here," Poe cut him off with a shoulder squeeze and a reassuring nod. He sounded confident that Rey wasn't one of the bodies trapped under the rubble, "But I need to tell you something." Behind them, one swinging fluorescent light snapped and plunged to the ground with a pop. The two exchanged a look and left the squad room, edging around the half-collapsed hallway until they reached the lobby of the police station and stepped through the doors and into the open air. And it was only then that Finn realized how bad things were. The police station wasn't far from Lake Pamvotida and muddy water lapped up against the toes of his shoes. The whole street was flooded, and the water drained in between the cracks in the asphalt. He saw one car tipped on its side, and another had run up on the sidewalk and collided with an electrical pole. Some of the buildings looked like they were sagging - any moment now, they'd topple over - and at the end of the street thick black smoke bloomed from a fire - caused a broken power-line, maybe? - that no one had bothered to put out. It was spreading. "Finn, I didn't come here to fool around for the summer." Finn was frowning down at the sidewalk which he swore seemed to be breathing , like maybe the quakes weren't over yet or something was moving down there - and he was only half-listening to Poe. He looked up, confused. "What do you mean?" "I was under orders." That didn't sound school-related. "But you left the air force," right? He loved being a pilot but he wanted to go back to school. That's what Poe said when he introduced himself to them for the first time. Finn remembered. "I did," Poe confirmed with his trademark smirk, although it lacked a little confidence because he couldn't gauge how Finn was going to react to this. "I never lied to you. Or Rey. But there are some things I... should've told you." To Poe it seemed obvious that he wasn't much of an archaeologist, he was a fast learner but this was his first dig - and the only reason he was allowed on site was because of Professor San Tekka. If it wasn't for the earthquake, the squad room full of dead people, and Rey's disappearance, maybe Finn would've had a minute to feel annoyed at Poe. But instead he asked numbly, "Why are you telling me now?" "Because the General says it's time." Finn opened his mouth but he didn't get the chance to ask to who 'the General' was, because a woman stepped out from behind Poe as if she'd been standing there the whole time - and Finn was sure she hadn't , but it still startled him - and she fixed him with a stare that made him forget everything he planned to say. She looked to be in her early fifties with brown hair pulled up and away from her face. She wore khaki slacks and a long-sleeved shirt, a dark brown vest and boots. It didn't look like armor but she carried herself like someone who was used to giving orders. He bet people followed them, too. "Hello, Finn." Her voice was warmer than he thought it'd be, and he shot a look to Poe. "Uh," was he supposed to know who this was? "Hello?" "This is Athena," Poe jumped in with the goddess' consent, a barely perceptible nod, "My family has served her for generations," and in exchange she offered her protection, her wisdom, and her guidance to the Damerons. She told him to go to Greece and he went, "San Tekka, too . " Finn gaped at Poe. "Is this a... joke?" Because he didn't get it. "No," the woman was composed but firm, and neither of them were smiling, "You can call me Leia, if that makes you more comfortable." But she did not have time to display parlor tricks and assuage Finn's skepticism. Zeus had been taken. The Underworld was emptying as they spoke, stygian forces soon to be swarming Olympus, "You and I need to talk, Finn." "But-" "I know where your friend is." That stopped Finn cold. Maybe this woman was crazy - maybe she wasn't - but if she knew about Rey, he was willing to give her a chance. "Where?" In answer, Leia extended her hand to him. He took it and a moment later, the two young men and the goddess disappeared. Notes: Hi friends! I've been waiting for the right time to bring in Leia-as-Athena, but I was a little nervous about it. I struggled with assigning her a role because she is such a complex character who embodies traits of Rhea (as mother of Hades/Kylo), Artemis (as twin sister of Apollo/Luke), and Athena (the General). For me... and for the scope of this story, I wanted to focus on her military/political prowess. I also wanted to set her up in opposition to Hux/Ares. So - fingers crossed - I hope that you like it. I'm feeling pretty good about it now and for her arc as a power player in the battle to come. Re: Poe, I made him an acolyte of Athena and not a demi-god, and there is a reason for this but I don't want to give too much away -cagey voice- but I hope you enjoy both Poe and Finn's arcs by the end. And finally, no Kylo (sad face) but he is coming back in the next chapter (as is more Reylo). I have it half-written already and I have a three day weekend so I might be able to post an update by Monday night (if the muse sticks around). As always, thank you so much for reading and for giving this story a chance, I am grateful each and every day! Chapter 14 : Ferryman Summary: The Titan Coeus is freed from the Underworld, Rey attempts to escape with the help of Persephone's scepter (encountering Lethe, Cerberus, and Charon along the way), and Finn makes a choice. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Coeus had broken free of his adamantine bonds once before, but he was repelled by the three-headed beast guarding the gate to the Underworld. It was Hades who remanded him to Tartarus, disregarding his curses and his promises. Coeus tasted the young god's melancholy when he stretched out his fingertips and brushed Hades' mind with his own. In this moment he perceived a constellation of possibilities take shape beneath Hades' stoic and sober veneer. His loneliness was his weakness, a cloying web of gloom and yearning for his beloved wife who had returned to earth. Coeus withstood the retaliation from Hades once he realized his mind had been touched, a withdrawal and a lash of power that immobilized Coeus. Hades bound the Titan himself but those dark eyes did not concern him nor did the prospect of another thousand years in the pit. Instead he feasted on this knowledge and he waited, biding his time in the memory of Hades' mind where he pulled it apart over and over again until he knew it as well as his own. And now his patience had come to fruition as it was Hades who freed him with wordless deference. Together the two ascended and Coeus passed through the corridors of the Nekromanteion, trembling walls deteriorating into dust in his wake. Columns crumbled and arches sagged, the earth swallowing the fragmented temple with a violent gasp that filled the air with a spray of stone before it collapsed and the soil flowed over the remains. The Titan's powers had yet to fully return to him and it was evident the long imprisonment had eaten away at him. Coeus was a tall - taller than the assembled gods awaiting him - thin figure swathed in dark robes which flowed out over the ground, the high collar of his garment flared and stiff as bone, gray skin drawn tight with scarring along the mouth and the skull, dark eyes sunken. But his skeletal appearance had no bearing on his presence and he watched as Hades stepped past him to join the General and Hecate. The three gazed up at him and what passed for a smile curled dry, thin lips which he could not be bothered to restore to health. Rather than toil away out of vanity, Coeus maintained his decrepit form and preserved his strength for what was to come. "You have not exceeded my expectations," his voice was resonant and low, powerful despite his appearance, "I have always known what you are capable of." He whispered of oaths fulfilled and the terrible victory which awaited them. The First Order would restore this world to peace and prosperity, a Golden Age in which the Titans reigned and mortals worshiped their gods. "General." "Yes, Supreme Leader." "Gather your forces and prepare to siege the Olympian stronghold," he commanded, shifting his gaze as a serpent might to the Titaness, "My child, Hecate," one of his line, "Harvest the best soldiers for our general's campaign. Hades will summon his Knights to aid you in hunting those who have fled," Coeus would see the Olympians imprisoned as he - and his brothers and sisters - had been for so many generations. "Yes, Supreme Leader." "Lord Hades," the General and the Titaness departed and he looked to Coeus wordlessly, "I have another task for you." Rey thought if she pointed the scepter at the doors, that would turn them to dust. But it wasn't that easy - verbal commands, tapping it against the stone, dropping it on the floor the way she did the first time, none of it triggered the power she'd seen in the room with the statue - and she ended up sitting on the floor with the staff in her lap. If it was a machine, she could've tinkered with the wiring but this was... magic. There was only one thing she hadn't tried, because she was afraid of what she would see, and she wished Finn was here. But he's still in jail. "I can do this." Now that she knew what it was - and what it could do - she could fight the visions. She was smarter than a magic staff. Repeating the words under her breath over and over again, Rey unraveled the cloth separating the metal from her skin and gripped the scepter with bare hands. This time there were no whispering voices, no tumbling into a battlefield of mud, no Kylo Ren at all. But what she did feel was power unfurling within the metal, and she remembered what that felt like because he had shown her once before. He pressed his hands to either side of her head and filtered out the sound until she could focus on the force. He told her to tug on the threads of magic like silk and she did it again, pulling the trickling of energy into her fingertips, careful and controlled. Rey closed her eyes, breathing slow, recalling the way that Kylo had guided her into drawing on his necromancy in the temple. It felt like the same magic and if she could control it then, maybe she could do it again. As the power ebbed against her skin she raised the scepter. A moment later energy tore free of the flowering tip and struck the seal between the two doors, dissolving the stone like blood in water. Glittering flakes were swept out into the dark as if snagged by a gust of stagnant wind. This stroke of magic nearly knocked Rey onto her back, and her teeth clattered together as she jerked her arm back. "Kriff," she gasped, snapping her eyes open as her fingers convulsed around the staff. A chill flooded her right arm, the stinging cold sinking into her bones, and she tried to drop the staff but she couldn't loosen her grip. The cost of using this power required Rey to ride the painful sensation out, and a shudder raced from the base of her neck down her spine. She blew a breath out between her teeth and the shivering receded with the magic. Rey rocked onto her knees and stood up, tightening her hold on the scepter as she stepped forward. Her feet tracked prints in the black dust across the bronze floor and she stared out over the vast domain of the Underworld. A narrow black stone pathway dwindled down from the palace to the ground below, and it seemed to extend for miles, enclosed by a distant twinkling. On either side of the path was a plummeting abyss so dark she could not tell where it ended. She could see no shadows, no shapes, but she could hear noises, a din of disembodied voices indistinguishable in their anguish, too raw and wordless to be human anymore. This was the sound of suffering and it made Rey cover her mouth with one hand to muffle her reaction. She had never listened to someone being tortured before, and the worst of it was knowing that there was nothing she could do about it - not from here. "We'd better go," she spoke into the murky, still air by habit and she knew without looking that Jakku was behind her. Rey tried to block out the screams as best she could, concentrating on her breathing and her heartbeat. She walked for at least half an hour until the path opened up and she stepped onto solid ground. The Underworld seemed to go on forever, in every direction it looked exactly the same: no trees, no distinguishing features of any kind, a desert of stone, shadow, and perilous sinkholes which would drag the unwary down into the belly of the earth. "Hello Rey." Rey flinched and glared down at Jakku. His temperament had improved since leaving Unkar Plutt - whose wouldn't? - but he wasn't much of a guard dog anymore. It didn't matter. She knew that voice and turned around to face her. "Lethe." She frowned at the sight of the daimona , who still looked like Maz. "Kylo said you don't take the same form twice." "He is correct," she said, "When you see me again, you will not recognize me." Lethe was fond of this form and unwilling to surrender it just yet. "Are you sure there's going to be a next time?" Rey didn't have any intention of coming back to this place. Lethe smiled up at her, adjusting her coke bottle goggles in a perfect imitation of Maz. "Yes." "I'm not Persephone." Lethe tilted her head, expression thoughtful. "He believes you are," she replied, seemingly in agreement. "Because of what you told him," Rey shot back - and she was angry enough not to be intimidated by the ancient spirit peering up at her. "You told him I was his wife. Why would you do that ?" He would realize the truth eventually, and then what? "Do not flatter me," Lethe cautioned with a glint of humor in her eye, as if she was privy to an inside joke that Rey didn't understand - which probably wasn't far from the truth, "Lord Ren called upon me to confirm what he suspected. I am not the one who sways him." "And you think I am?" Oh yeah, she was so good at 'swaying' him that he put her under house arrest in the bloody Underworld. "No," Lethe replied blandly, "The queen was the one to whom he deferred, but now it is not her voice that guides him." "I don't understand." Lethe fixed Rey with an inscrutable look. "I fear that he is on a dark path and if you do not stop him, many will suffer. This scepter calls to you," she opened her hands, palms upturned, "As it did to her." As Lethe spoke, the visions surfaced in her thoughts - Olympus, the battlefield in the rain, and Kylo Ren armored and towering over her - and Rey knew that she couldn't stop that. She needed to get back to her friends, and she held out the staff to Lethe. "I don't want any part of this." "Do you believe you have a choice?" Her voice was gentle but the words were not intended to be comforting. She ignored Rey's outstretched arm until she withdrew it again, her grasp on the scepter reluctant. "He will not let you go unless..." she paused, deliberate and unreadable. Rey narrowed her eyes and stepped closer to the daimona. "Unless what?" Lethe rested her hands against her stomach, and in an apparent non-sequitur she mused aloud, "He is blinded by his loss. It has made him vengeful and cruel, and he has turned his back on those he once considered family." This was nothing Rey didn't already know, or couldn't guess by what she had felt and seen. "Do you expect me to feel bad for him?" she demanded, and she was defensive because she knew that despite what he had done, Persephone would pity him. Those feelings, those memories, mingled with her own and she seized onto the anger, "He didn't deserve her. He took her away from her family, he didn't give her a choice!" "And you as well?" Rey frowned, ignoring the question. "I saw... things when I touched this," the scepter, "Have you seen them too?" "No," foresight was not among Lethe's gifts, "But I see a pattern. I have felt this before in lesser gods and mortals. It will only end in tragedy." Tragedy . Big word. Rey felt very small and overwhelmed, and all she wanted was to run away. "You said... there is a way he will leave me alone," she reminded the woman, blinking back tears for reasons she couldn't explain. Lethe nodded. "You must recover Persephone." "What?" "If you truly wish to be free of him, that is your path." "What makes you think I can find her if he can't?" "Take the scepter," she suggested, "It will guide you." That wasn't what she wanted to hear, but at least there weren't any visions now. "Fine," either way, she needed to find her way back to earth - and as she turned to go, Rey said, "Jakku, come on." To her surprise, he didn't move. She took a few steps and did not hear the familiar patter of his paws in her shadow. She glanced over her shoulder and noticed him sitting next to Lethe, tongue lolling. She glanced over her shoulder between the two of them with an unspoken question in her eyes. "Leave Jakku with me , " the daimona intoned, "He is in no danger here." Rey was reluctant to leave him behind - and in her care - but he seemed happy enough where he was. "What about me?" Kylo had warned her not to leave the palace for a reason, but who knew if there was a real threat out here apart from him? Maybe he only told her that to intimidate her, to make her think that she needed him. Not bloody likely. The question hung in the air between them for several long seconds, until Lethe smiled again and she pointed to the east without a word. Then she vanished in the time it took her to blink, leaving Rey truly alone for the first time since arriving in the Underworld. "Finn?" Olympus was an acropolis, a fortified citadel situated atop a mountain above the clouds and the stars. Stone palaces with cloistered courtyards were dedicated to each of the Olympian gods, and the greatest of these belonged to Zeus. The golden hall served as a council chamber and gathering place for the gods, and no mortal was permitted there. But Leia had carved a camp for her soldiers out of the mountainside, just below the gates, and this was where she brought them. Everything was green. Finn saw people he didn't expect to, friends of Poe's - Jessika and Snap, even BB-8, which left him gaping - among the others who offered allegiance to leia. It made him wonder what Poe saw in him . Finn was overwhelmed. He had spent his entire life believing one thing and in a single day, it all changed. He felt like he needed to sit down but instead he sought out Leia and asked to see Rey. Instead of leading him to his friend, she used her powers to show him what was left of the city. The dig site was gone. Finn rubbed a hand over his mouth and shook his head. He wouldn't have recognized it if it wasn't for the gear left behind, broken floodlights and equipment covered with dirt like they'd been abandoned for months instead of a day or two. He didn't realize the earthquake was so powerful. Not only did it destroy the police station but it demolished any evidence of the temple. "It's like nothing was ever there," he spoke half to himself, dragging both hands over his hair. Leia said that this was where Rey was... not here but down there somewhere, and she told him a lot of other things too but the only thing that mattered was getting her back. He didn't care about gods or cults or prophecies predicted by the last living oracle of Apollo. He didn't care about the portents - the empty graves, the earthquakes, the clouds that swirled in the sky and blackened out the stars with the promise of a storm that would last for three days - or Olympus. Even after the image faded and Leia gave him a moment to collect himself, the memory of what he'd seen was burned into his mind. "Finn, talk to me." "We could really use some construction equipment," he muttered as he began to pace, "But who's got an excavator lying around? I don't know how we got the first one. Did we get a permit? It was probably in San Tekka's name... and if we did have one, I bet it doesn't work now. Kylo Ren made sure of that." Rey was right about him. He wasn't who they thought he was, not by a long shot, and neither was Phasma. " Finn ." His brow furrowed in irritation when Poe stepped in front of him and blocked his view. "What?" he demanded, "Do you have a better idea?" Poe blinked, taken aback by the sharpness in Finn's voice, but he took his friend by the shoulders and looked at him. "You just got a lot of information," from someone who until half an hour he didn't think was real, "You're handling it... better than I expected," which made Poe think that maybe Finn wasn't 'handling' it at all. The General pulled him aside and showed him things, told him the truth about what was at stake. "It's not that hard to believe," Finn replied distractedly, "The guys I used to hang out with were really into God of War... " the video game. "What?" "Nevermind," he knew that didn't make sense and he didn't have time to try to explain why he wasn't having a meltdown about the fact that a goddess teleported him halfway across Greece. Finn wasn't mad that Poe didn't tell him why he was here - really here - because he understood why he couldn't. "The General wants me to stay here, doesn't she?" "The surest way to help Rey is to help us," Poe agreed. There was no way they could enter the Nekromanteion, that's what she had shown him. Kylo Ren destroyed the only known doorway to the Underworld when the temple collapsed. "This isn't my fight." Poe frowned, uncomprehending. "It's everyone's fight." The world went on the way it did because of Zeus. He was the one who enforced the laws that permitted human beings to govern themselves. Without him and the Olympians, the modern age was over. Finn glanced away while he tried to gather his thoughts. It was hard to explain this in a way that didn't make him sound like a coward - but he didn't want to run towards a war. He'd already gotten a taste of gods with the earthquake and the bodies in the police station. He was not an acolyte. "I'm handling one thing right now," he said, "It's Rey. I'm not leaving her down there." That's why Finn wasn't falling apart. Yeah, this was apocalyptic-level shit he'd stumbled into but he wasn't thinking about the world . He was not protecting Mount Olympus. He could barely wrap his head around what that would mean , what any of this meant. But he could save his best friend. "Finn-" Leia rested a hand on Poe's shoulder, silencing his concern, "We respect your decision, Finn. Your loyalty to your friend comes first," and this was admirable, "But there is nothing I can do for you here," gray eyes met his own, sympathetic but firm, "You will need to find another way." "Are you sending me back?" "If that is your wish." "Yeah- yes, General," Finn corrected himself respectfully, then glanced to Poe. "You're staying here?" "Got to," he replied grimly, "This is big, Finn." Olympus was vulnerable and whoever laid claim to it would have the most significant strategic advantage for any battles waged in the mortal world. There were a lot of people counting on them whether they knew it or not. "Okay." "Yeah?" "Yeah." Finn smiled at him but it stretched too thin across his face because he was worried about Poe. He didn't want to lose the two most important people in his life, and he realized that in choosing one, he was turning his back on the other. It was a bad feeling. Poe stepped forward, ducking his head to meet Finn's anxious gaze with his own. He flashed an encouraging smile and pulled him into a hug, something Finn leaned into with a harsh breath. "I'm not crazy, right?" he mumbled into Poe's shoulder, and he swallowed when his friend released him. "This is happening?" "You're not crazy," Poe assured him, but his smile seemed a little strained. There was a moment - it lasted as long as a heartbeat - where Finn was speechless. He felt like he was missing something but he didn't know what it was. And then it was gone. "I'll see you later." "Yeah." It was a promise. Leia regarded the exchange silently. Poe took his place at her side and she inclined her head to Finn. He did not seem sure of himself but beneath this she recognized his strength. He was his father's son. "May the Fates be with you." Finn wasn't sure how to respond. "Thanks," I think? "You too... General." Then she was gone and so was Poe. Leia sent him back to the city, to the buried Nekromanteion, and Finn blinked to find himself alone standing on top of a temple he couldn't dig up. The mound was dead silent and he knelt in the dirt. Rey, where are you? Rey didn't know where she was. She had no choice but to start walking, and soon she saw the source of the silvery twinkling she'd glimpsed from the palace. As she drew closer, the bars of a glittering gate took shape before her, spiraling twenty feet into the air, and she realized it was made of diamond. There were people here but they were dead. There was nowhere to hide from them but, as it turned out, none of the shades bothered her. No one spoke to her, or made eye contact with her. They were sorted according to an unseen judge's verdict, resigned to their fate and unable to resist the compulsion to obey. Rey searched for the source of the stream of souls who ambled past her without a word, and this led her to the entrance. There was a river on the other and once she crossed it, she knew she would find the Nekromanteion and a way back to the mortal world. Breathing a sigh of relief between her teeth, Rey slipped past the shades but before she could step over the threshold, something blocked her view. She bit back a startled cry when a wall of black fur landed in front of her, its paw five times the size of her head. Foot long claws protracted like a lion's from the sheaths of its toes, splitting the ground in front of her. Rey craned her neck back and looked up... and up... past the leg and the body to its necks which rippled with muscle as three heads rubbed against one another, showing glistening white teeth, red eyes, and wide muzzles. "Cerberus." The hound was huge. It was as tall as the gates - easily clearing those twenty feet - and she was paralyzed with fear, body frozen in place as the heads swiveled towards her and dropped in unison between massive shoulder blades to snarl at her, lips quivering with a threat. She swore she could see her reflection in the saliva coating its teeth and in her periphery, the dead cowered and dropped to their knees, bumping into her calves as they crawled through the doorway and out of the creature's line of sight. And still Rey didn't move. She forced herself to speak to it, struggling to hold its gazes one after another. "Your master," she whispered, voice quivering but growing stronger, "He put you here to prevent the dead from leaving, isn't that right?" Cerberus stared at her, ears flattened against its skulls, and she repeated the words, this time in Greek. It was intelligent. She believed it could understand her - even if it wasn't capable of speech. The growling did not cease but Rey pushed on, "I'm not one of them. Let me pass." In response, Cerberus feigned a lunge and it snapped at her, teeth cracking together inches away from her face. It blew hot air through its nostrils that smelled like rotten meat. Rey gagged behind clenched teeth as spit frothed from one of its heads and splattered against her shins with a sickening plop. Her heart beat so violently it felt like her rib cage was about to burst and she blinked several times, clinging to her fraying nerves. Her grasp on the staff tightened and an idea pierced the haze of panic. Rey gripped the scepter in both hands and lifted it between them, watching the way the asphodel flower caught Cerberus' ruby eyes, all six of them. She licked her lips and commanded the hound, "You will let me pass." Her voice was stern and steady, muscles coiled in anticipation, and she held her breath while Cerberus' three heads cocked to the side. Nostrils flared and the middle head inhaled deeply, ruffling her clothes as it catalogued her scent. Then the tension eased out of its body like water, hackles dropping and tongues lapping at the spittle collecting at the corners of its mouths. It sat back on its haunches so abruptly that the ground shook and Rey stumbled forward. It made no move to attack her as she tentatively stepped through the gates - in fact, the only sound was a high pitched whine reverberating through its throats. Rey glanced from the river to the dog, perplexed by the reaction. It lurched forward and she instantly raised the scepter in warning, but Cerberus only flopped down on the ground, sprawling in front of her with its tail violently thumping against the ground. The middle one shoved its head up under the scepter and her hand, only to be butted out of the way by one of the others, and Rey hesitantly stretched out her empty hand which was instantly engulfed by a flat, wet tongue. "Oh," she gasped, a surprised laugh bubbling out of her mouth, "Wow." Deja vu... on a much bigger scale. Rey rubbed her fingers along the bridge of one head, as high as she could reach. Then she did the same for the second and third heads, a bemused smile tugging at her lips. Rey didn't know how long she stood there with Cerberus because his voice broke the spell, cutting through the air with a scream of rage that lanced through the tranquil whisper of water lapping against the shore. The sound startled the hound to his feet, heads weaving in alarm. Kylo Ren. Rey turned her back on Cerberus, bolting toward the riverbank and the rust-colored skiff now bobbing in the shadows. Ignoring the last of the shades who huddled together and staggered onto the shore with wide eyes, Rey hoisted herself aboard. Charon turned his head to face her. The ferryman was thin and gaunt, with no flesh on his bones and no expression on his face. It was a skull but it might as well have been a mask, bleached white and barely human. He wore only a gray cowl and carried in his right hand a long black pole. "Halt," Charon ordered gravely, and she tried to ignore the way the bones of his throat whistled as he drew breath in some inexplicable way. "No." Rey didn't have time for this. Kylo knew where she was and it wouldn't be long until he found her. She was getting used to wielding this scepter to get her way and now was no exception. "You are going to take me to the other side - or I'm going to steer this boat myself. Is that clear?" Rey. "We need to go now." What are you doing? "Now!" she shouted at the ferryman, desperate to drown out his voice. Charon obeyed and Rey squeezed her eyes shut as if that could keep Kylo Ren out of her mind. As the boat rocked against the current of the river, she bowed her head over the scepter and whispered, " Help me." She didn't know how she could hide from him in his own realm, but she focused all of her mental energy on this. She was so close and if invisibility was Kylo's purview - the ability to mask his presence, render himself undetectable by gods and mortals alike - shouldn't that power have passed to his wife as well? Didn't he offer her everything that he was? Why not this? Rey clung to the scepter and she willed it to be true - and then she waited. She hummed under her breath to distract her from his voice and she remained hunched in the bottom of the boat until it struck the shore, jostling her from her precarious crouch and sending her sprawling into the bottom of the skiff. Rey opened her eyes and pushed herself up on her knees, peering out over the skiff to see she'd made it to the other side. Where are you? She ignored him. WHERE ARE YOU? Rey clambered out of the skiff and stumbled forward, dragging the scepter along damp sand as she regained her balance. She barely noticed the shades who clustered together with miserable faces, some clutching coins and others pacing along the shore searching for spare obols. Her gaze swept over the bodies in profile and she squinted in recognition. She thought she saw Unkar Plutt - she'd recognize his face anywhere, no matter how bloody or morose - but when she looked again he was gone, swallowed up by the moving, surging bodies of so many dead. The shades moved through stone, passing into the Underworld from every direction, and there were no signs, no bridges. There was one tunnel which fed into the shore, and Rey sprinted towards it without hesitation, running into a sharp incline that crawled up towards the surface. The flower on the tip of her scepter illuminated in the pitch black - seemingly on its own, and all she'd done was wish for a light - and it showed her a narrow staircase wide enough for one person at a time, so steep it might as well have been a ladder and in some places, closer to a cliff wall than steps. Rey would've liked some rope and carabiners, but in absence of any of her equipment, she decided to treat this as a free solo. The first thing she had to do was secure the scepter to her back, so she used some fabric and her bra to jerry-rig a knotted strap over her shoulder and tucked into her pants so that her hands were free. It was uncomfortable and restricted her movement but she didn't want to leave it behind. Adjusting as best she could to the weight against her spine, Rey started to climb, scaling the steps as quickly as possible. She counted her steps by threes and just shy of fifty the stairway ended and she pulled herself onto the ledge. The ledge drew her into the dark cavern from her dream. Even though she could not smell blood or honey, she recognized it in her bones and knew she had crossed into the Nekromanteion. Rey pulled the scepter from the sheath she cobbled together and used it as a walking stick. She trudged on without being able to see where she was, but it felt like moving through a house of her own - she felt her way along the passageways, through several tunnels until she felt herself growing lighter with the promise of an escape. And then the path ended. Rey let out a muffled curse when she smacked into the gate, stumbling backwards, stunned, chilled, and breathless. There were three gates underneath the Nekromanteion and she had passed through two - but this last one was closed to her. It was strange because the iron had long since rusted away and only fragments of it remained, grooves cut into the stone archway where it once swung wide, framing succulent offerings on silver plates. This gate wasn't made of metal. It was made of magic. His magic. She stood there too long. "Did you think you could outrun me?" "Not really," Rey spoke to the wall, not trusting herself to look at him as she twisted the scepter between her fingers, "But I was hoping I could." Notes: Aghhhh I felt so guilty when I decided to stop this chapter here - because I promised there would be Kylo Ren, and then the word count just kept growing because I'm such a tool for mythology that I made Rey hang out with my favorites C & C, and I try to keep the chapters under 5000 words so I had to cut this AT THE POINT OF THE REUNION. However, I can absolutely 100% guarantee that it is all Kylo/Reylo, all the time next chapter (which will hopefully be posted sooner than I promised this one would be posted - apologies! I had a bit of writer's block and tedious things at work these past couple weeks). I just wanted to thank you for sticking with this story and for your incredibly supportive comments both on AO3 and tumblr... it's gotten so much longer and more involved than I anticipated, and I appreciate your patience. I am working very hard to make sure that it pays off (fingers crossed!! I don't want to let you down) in the very near future, and the interim please know that I am so grateful for the time you spend reading this. It really makes me heart happy :D I love y'all so much! Chapter 15 : Into the Woods Summary: Kylo grows exasperated, Rey is defiant, and in a three-way fight in the woods Finn's heritage is (partially) revealed. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) If you truly wish to be free of him... Rey turned around to face Kylo and her nose nearly brushed the fabric covering his torso, he stood so close to her. She blinked in surprise to see he'd changed his clothes. He wore black gloves, trousers, and a woven tunic under a hooded black robe. It was unlike any uniform she'd ever seen in a museum, on a statue, or depicted in a painting. "That doesn't look Greek," she blurted out, distracted by the armor-that-wasn't-armor, "Special occasion?" He ignored her. "I said I would come for you." His voice resounded in the tunnel and Rey craned her head to meet his gaze. Her ears were ringing with the growl lacing the single syllable he uttered, and he seemed to take up the space in front of her until she couldn't see anything else. She could smell the cade oil in his leather. If she concentrated, she could feel the texture of the welted stitching against her skin even though she wasn't touching him. "I didn't want to wait," she replied, crossing her arms with the scepter in hand, "Don't try to take me back." Even if he did, she would escape again - and this time, she'd know where to go. Rey got so close this time; she was sure she could find a way around his magic. Kylo braced his gloved hands on the gate behind her, pressing her into the humming magical palisade separating his world from hers. He was angry with her and bemused by the nature of her recalcitrance. Pupils dilated, a dizzying black that went on forever, and in the depths of those eyes his rage prowled like some ancient monster behind the mask. He is searching for you. Rey clenched her teeth in response. He spoke into her thoughts and she felt his jealousy lash against her mind. It hurt like the crackle of hot oil blistering her skin, only it was somewhere deep inside she couldn't reach. She didn't know if he was doing this on purpose or if he couldn't help himself. Do you not sense him? His devotion, his love for you... Kylo's words devolved into a wordless snarl, and Rey realized the source of his fury wasn't her at all. It was the steady, unwavering pulse of Finn's determination to dig her out from under the Nekromanteion. "Get out of my head." Rey squeezed her eyes shut, dispelling the warmth and relief she felt upon realizing that Finn was alright, and not only that, he knew where she was and was trying to bring her back. Kylo withdrew mentally - but physically she could barely move for how he caged her body with his own. "Should I rip his heart from his chest?" he mused the words but the threat was layered with the imagined squelch of muscle and blood between his fingers, the crackle of mortal ribs, and Rey gagged. "So much of it already belongs to you." "Don't threaten him." "He is taking you-" "Where? Where is he?" Rey interrupted, and she shoved her finger in his chest to silence him, straining to see him in the shadow of the stone archway, " I stole the queen's scepter, I crossed the river, and I climbed this bloody cliff! I don't see Finn here, do you?" If he wanted to be angry, he ought to be angry at her. Did he honestly think she would sit there in his palace and do nothing? "The queen's scepter," he repeated, " Your scepter." She curled her fingers into a fist. "No, it's not mine." "You doubt the words of Lethe?" "She's not exactly the most reliable person," Rey retorted, defensive, "She only told you what you wanted to hear." Kylo grew exasperated. "That is absurd-" "-it's not absurd-" "-I understand mortals have a limited capacity for reason-" "-she told me herself!" "-but I know you are not as asinine as the rest!" The words settled. And then, " What? " His voice chasing hers in an echo of disbelief and Rey was the first to recover. " Limited capacity for reason? " She couldn't decide if she was more insulted over being told she wasn't rational, or being told she was stupid. "Did you hear yourself talking about Finn? You think threatening to disembowel him is reasonable?" "I have reason." "Jealousy is not a reason ." "I am not jealous." Rey scoffed. He couldn't fool her - not when she was all but choking on his possessiveness and his resentment - but she forgot what she was going to say when his right hand slid to cup the back of her head and he tangled his gloved fingers in her sweaty hair. The sensation made her falter. Kylo pressed his forehead to hers, and Rey jerked away but there was nowhere to go. She ground his knuckles into the magical barrier, trapping them between the spell and her skull, but if it hurt him she couldn't tell. "You are clinging to a world you do not belong to," he said - and so desperate was she to return that she would deny everything about who she truly was, "What you feel for him is less than a shadow of what we have." Rey glared at him. "Finn is my friend. Do you know what that means? Philos. " She pushed him, planting both hands - and the scepter - against his chest, but he wouldn't move. "I've known him for two years!" It was the longest friendship she'd ever had, not counting Maz. Kylo did not respond. She couldn't see him move so it startled her when he released the back of her head, the edge of his palm gliding along her jawline, his hand covering her mouth, fingers on her lips. "I will not tolerate a mortal as my rival," he murmured, thumb catching her bottom lip to show her teeth. "If you hurt him, you'll have to deal with me," her words were gritted, her mouth tight and unyielding beneath his hand. "Is that so?" Rey realized then that she had made a mistake. She couldn't sense his anger now - or hear it in his voice - and that made her nervous. The silence strained between them and then the mystical barrier dissipated. Rey felt the pressure give way, stumbling backwards as Kylo released her and vanished. She fell over the threshold of the Underworld and into the temple. "Kylo?" Silence. Rey twisted around, one hand outstretched to feel her way through the darkness, "Kylo, what are you doing?" Still no answer. The only sound she heard was her own breathing, and the scrape of her worn shoes bumping against the rock. Rey didn't believe he was letting her go but she wasn't going to waste an opportunity to escape this place - even if it was a trap. She remembered - as she staggered in the direction she thought would lead her out - what she was carrying, and gripped the staff with both hands. The flowering tip illuminated under her fingers and she gasped at what appeared in front of her. It was him. Before she could think to raise the scepter and drive him away, Kylo took her head in his hands as he had in the prison - and the cavern disappeared from her sight. "Rey?" Her knees gave way and she cursed, wobbling to regain her balance. Loose dirt whipped around her feet, tossed into the air by a heavy wind blowing from the north. Her vision cleared and she winced, momentarily blinded by the glare of a car's headlights illuminating the dig site - but at least this time she didn't feel nauseous. "Rey!" Finn crossed in front of the high beams and when she turned to him, shielding her eyes with one hand, he let out a strangled sigh of relief, dropped the trowel, and ran over to her, hands hovering over her forearms without touching her. "Are you okay?" Rey looked up at him and for the first time in what felt like days, she smiled and threw her arms around his shoulders. Finn laughed against her hair, squeezing her tightly, too grateful to question how the hell she appeared out of nowhere. "What are you doing ?" she asked him, voice muffled from being pressed into his arm. She dropped her hands to his and that was when she noticed he was covered in dirt up to his elbows. And she knew without asking that he'd been trying to dig her out of the Underworld. "Looking for you," he smiled wanly, "There was a big earthquake, a lot of people are hurt. Poe and I figured out you were gone and, uh," he glanced to the ground, then back to her, "I'm here to rescue you?" "Consider me rescued," she gave him the 'OK' sign, then nodded over his shoulder, "What's with the car?" "Oh," Finn didn't bother to glance over his shoulder, "Phasma left her convertible down the road," which made no sense to him - it was worth more than his school tuition (and Rey's, and probably Poe's), and if he had a car like that he'd never let it out of his sight. "How did it get here?" "Comfort access remote was in the glovebox," he said casually, trying not to smirk, "Who leaves a BMW unlocked?" Rey let out a surprised bark of a laugh and Finn grinned, "I knew you'd be impressed." He spent too much time with her and Poe not to learn something about cars. "I was thinking I could... blow a hole through the ground or something," using the car and everything under the hood, "But I wasn't sure where you were." He nixed that idea. It was just as likely to kill her as to help her and Finn admitted, "I didn't really have a plan." Rey shook her head, pulling him into another hug. "Thank you." "How did you get away?" "I-" she hesitated, "I don't think I did." "What do you mean?" "Finn, we've got to go," Rey broke away from him, raising her voice against the wind, "Right now." "Okay." He took one look at her face and grimaced, reaching for her hand to pull her towards the still-running car. Rey slid into the driver's seat and adjusted the rearview mirror, and as soon as Finn got into the car she passed him something - like her walking stick, but heavier - and pulled off a three-point turn in the convertible before he even got his seatbelt buckled. "What is this?" he asked, squinting at the staff in the darkened interior of the car. "I can't explain it," Rey replied, sparing a glance to the scepter as she pulled onto the road, "You wouldn't believe me if I tried." Finn was quiet for a moment, and then he muttered, "I don't know about that. I've had a pretty long day." And considering what he'd seen today, he was willing to go on a little faith. "What's going on, Rey?" "It's Kylo Ren. He's..." she shook her head, unsure of how to continue, "He's a god." Once she let the 'g' word slip out, the rest of it came easily, "Kylo Ren is Hades, Finn. I stole that scepter from his palace," in the Underworld, but she didn't think she needed to say that, "It belongs to Persephone." "Oh." "Oh?" Rey repeated incredulously, glancing sideways to her friend, "Did you hear what I just said?" "Yeah." He sounded too calm. Either he was in shock or- "You don't believe me, do you?" "No, I do," Finn insisted, studying the scepter in his hands, "That explains a lot, actually. Ren's a creep." Rey frowned at the dashboard, tightening her fingers on the steering wheel as the wind blew hard across the road and pushed the car towards the shoulder of the road. "You're taking this a lot better than I did," she muttered. "Not really," Finn assured her, "If Athena didn't pick me and Poe up from jail, I'd think you were nuts." Plus he already went through the rigamarole of 'this is insane/these people are insane/I think I'm having a heart attack/my whole world view is a lie and what the hell is happening? ' earlier today. He wasn't sure if he was okay or not, because all he could think about at the time was finding Rey and now... "You met Athena? " Rey hit the brakes in surprise, turning to look at her friend. He was serious. "How? What's she like?" "Long story," including the part where he found out Poe only decided to come with them to Greece because Athena told him to - Finn didn't know why that bothered him so much, especially since it was a legitimate reason... world-in-peril, gods fighting, prophecy stuff, "She's going by Leia now. She's the one who said you were-" He broke off mid-sentence when something caught his eye. "What?" Finn pointed to the road. Rey realized she probably shouldn't have stopped the car but then again, how much good would it do against someone who could disappear and reappear at will? Kylo Ren was blocking their path, unmasked but nonetheless terrifying, and with a glance he shattered the headlights of the convertible and killed the engine, plunging the road into darkness. All they could see was his silhouette. "Is he carrying a pitchfork?" Finn whispered. "It's a bident." "Oh right," the difference being two points instead of three, "What's he waiting for?" "I'm not sure," she replied, lips barely moving and eyes riveted to the road, "Maybe you should stay in the car." "Why?" Because he won't hurt me , she thought. Rey reached for the driver's side door handle but the moment she touched the metal, it began to tremble under her fingers. The entire car shook and Finn pressed his face to the passenger's window, wide-eyed, as it lifted off of the ground. "Uh... Rey?" "I - uph ," Kylo extended his hand and the convertible pitched forward, throwing Finn forward into the dashboard. He barely caught himself with his palms, the scepter rolling off his lap and onto the floorboard, and Rey gasped, her words choked off by the catch of the seatbelt cutting across her chest as they dangled in mid-air. "Okay, n-new... plan," she managed, struggling with the shoulder strap, "Get out of the car!" " What? " Metal screamed and Rey's attention snapped over one shoulder as the trunk collapsed, tires popping and rims flattened. Kylo was crushing the car and if they didn't move now they wouldn't be able to escape. "Get out! Hurry!" Finn swore under his breath and managed to get the passenger's side door swung open with one hand. Rey struggled to undo her seatbelt, and with a frantic glance to him demanded to know where the staff was. Finn had completely forgotten about it and he felt around his seat but realized he must have dropped it. He grimaced as his knees made contact with the glovebox, and half-straddling his seat he reached down blindly until his hand brushed metal. "Got it!" he shouted, and both he and Rey jumped down just as Kylo crumpled the car like paper, flinging it several feet away until it struck the road and skidded across the asphalt in a shower of whistling, grinding sparks. Finn hit the ground and rolled with a groan, air knocked out of his lungs and right shoulder smarting. He crawled onto his hands and knees with the scepter gripped tightly under one arm and struggled to his feet. "Rey?" He saw her on the road but she wasn't moving. Finn stepped towards her but the ground grew hot beneath him. He looked down to see the asphalt bubbling, his shoes sinking into the mixture. "Rey, move off the road!" he shouted, clenching his teeth as tar seeped through his rubber soles and began to burn. Finn shoved the scepter into the ground and used it to steady himself. He wrenched one foot free of the asphalt but before he could move, Kylo Ren appeared in front of him in a spiral of black smoke that seemed to climb twenty feet high before settling in his armor. Finn balked, startled by the sheer size of the god. Staring up at him with wide eyes, Finn's breath was strangled in his throat and a chill tore through him that had nothing to do with the wind. "What'd you do to Rey?" Kylo Ren fixed dark eyes on Finn, his pupils black and fathomless. "She is no longer your concern," he intoned, his voice barely above a whisper, and he bore down on the young man, displeased by his seeming defiance. "Kneel." Finn swallowed, raising the scepter because it was the only thing he had. "With all due respect," which wasn't very much, because while he was intimidated he was also pissed off on behalf of Rey. "I won't." In a flash of rage, Ren flung him across the road and into the trees. The asphalt splattered the grass but it did not cling to the god's boots, and as he advanced on his quarry, Finn smacked into the white trunk of a fir tree. He felt like his back had been broken and tasted blood on his tongue. The fact that it hurt at all was a good sign, right? Spitting out a mouthful of dirt, he reached for the scepter winking at him out of the corner of his eye. He gripped the staff like a sword and used the tree to pull himself upright. He was unsteady and breathing hard, but his lips pressed into a firm line and he glared at Ren. "That scepter does not belong to you." Finn tightened his grip. "Come and get it." He barely had time to regret egging on a god before the mask slipped and he glimpsed Ren's true face. Fury contorted his features and hollowed out his eyes - but rather than disintegrate the mortal, he deigned to fight. He lunged at Finn, the strike of his foot on the earth creating a shockwave that rolled through the woods and sent the trees bending, snapping, and rustling violently. Finn could barely see him move and when Ren swung the bident it was through sheer instinct that he raised his arms and threw his whole weight behind a blocking swing, the scepter caught between the two prongs of his weapon. The clash of metal gave off a deafening sound and suddenly Finn was face-to-face with Ren. His body shook with the effort of holding his ground, muscles straining but not torn. The blow pinned his back against the tree but it didn't break his arms; however, the pain radiating through his shoulders and down his spine suggested that was still a possibility. All Ren had to do was push. But he didn't. Kylo was surprised by Finn's reflexes and held him in place with one palm on the bident, exercising his restraint to prolong this moment. He knocked the scepter out of the mortal's hands and it spiraled through the air landing somewhere out of sight. Finn screamed as he felt the bident pierce his chest, forcing its way through his skin and muscle with an agonizing slowness that promised he would feel- nothing . Suddenly the pain stopped and he swallowed a groan, brow furrowed, panting for air. Ren stared at him as if he had never him before, momentarily perplexed. Then he met the Finn's eyes and narrowed his own in distaste, realizing what it was he had overlooked. It was very faint, the blood of a faded line, uncultivated and smothered by his humanity but nonetheless... Demigod. Rey hit her head when she jumped out of the car and it stunned her for a few minutes. What roused her from a semi-conscious state sprawled out on the asphalt was the sound of Finn screaming. Coming to with a splitting headache, she blinked open her eyes, wincing, and sat up on her knees. She rubbed the gravel off her cheek as she stood up, swayed momentarily, and sidestepped a puddle of wet tar. "Finn!" Rey crossed the road and sprinted into the woods after them. "Finn, where are you?" She stumbled over the knotted underbrush in the dark, fighting with the wind to brush her hair out of her eyes, and that's when she saw Kylo Ren. Past his broad shoulders was Finn who, taking advantage of the distraction and the half-lowered bident, slipped out from under the weapon and ran away from her. "No!" Kylo did not even spare a glance at Finn when he struck him in the back with the bident, twin bolts racing across the air like moving shadows. "Your companion is a fool," he said to her, watching the horrified expression on her face harden into anger as she ran to his body and checked for a pulse. "I do not wish to hurt you, Rey. Return to the Underworld and I will let you have his soul." Rey shoved her fingers underneath Finn's chin and she was relieved to feel a thready pulse against her fingers. "He's not dead," she whispered half to herself, glancing away from his unconscious body to the stretch of ground between them and Kylo Ren. That's when she spotted the scepter, its petals inexplicably glimmering in the dark, and she realized Finn must have seen it too. That's what he was running towards. "He will be." "Shut up!" she glared up at Kylo, wondering in what world he thought this would help her see him as anything but a monster. Rey let go of Finn's head, as gently as she could, and she got to her feet. She took the first threatening step forward, edging closer to the scepter. "Stay away from us." No. Kylo lifted the bident and Rey dove for the staff, wrapping one hand around it and flinging her anger at him. From the tip of the scepter burst a streak of white-hot light and he deflected the power past her head and into a tree. The trunk exploded in a shower of white splinters and a moment later Kylo was blindsided by a blow to the face so strong - and unexpected - that he staggered backwards. Behind Rey something else was moving, and she spun around as the thirty-foot high fir (the one whose trunk she and Kylo had shattered) quivered and with a violent crack tumbled towards the ground. "FINN!" Rey dropped the scepter and bolted towards him, grabbing her friend under the arms and pulling him several inches to the left as another tree slowed the broken fir's fall, wood snapping above her head. When his shoe snagged on a root she crawled around to push him out of the way - and Rey had just enough time to see Finn's body clear the longest of the branches before the tree crashed down on her . Disoriented. That's how Rey felt, her vision completely obscured by the branches in her hair and in front of her face. Her entire body prickled from the needles but she heaved a sigh of relief when she took a moment to catalogue her injuries and realized she didn't have any. She was conscious, she wasn't in pain - even the throbbing in her head had receded - and she must have missed the worst of it. Rey felt a weight along her back, digging into the nape of her neck, and so when she stood she lifted the wood as well. She locked her knees and rolled her shoulders, shaking off the branches. It wasn't until the 'branches' landed on the ground behind her with an earth-rattling thump that she realized what she'd done. She looked over her shoulder and saw, not branches, but the tree. The entire tree. She had tossed it off of her back as if it was rubbish. She was still confused when she turned back around and saw Finn, still unconscious, and Kylo not far from him - on his knees, face sliced open where she'd struck him, holding the scepter, and looking so infuriatingly smug it made her want to punch him. Maybe later. Right now she needed to know something. "Did I pick up a tree?" "Yes." "How is that possible?" Kylo's pleasure leaked away from his face, rendering it cool and neutral once more. Who knew what he was hiding behind the mask? He probably thought she was trying to find a reasonable - human - explanation for this. So he refused to answer her until she demonstrated that this was no adrenaline-induced fluke (for her own benefit more than his). Rey did, and she was bewildered to find that the tree barely weighed anything . She picked it up by its splintered trunk and hoisted it upright, long enough to realize that this was no more difficult than lifting a laundry basket. Then she felt guilty about her own wonder, so she tossed the tree aside, knelt next to Finn, and repeated the question. This time Kylo answered her. "I suspected that if your mortal life was in danger, your powers would return to you," he said, "And so they did." "Is that why you let me go?" Kylo regarded her without answering which was - itself - an answer. "You destroyed the car, you attacked Finn, you... let a tree fall on me... for this?" More silence. Rey glowered at him. "What if it didn't work?" "Irrelevant," he assured her, dismissive in light of the results, "Only a mortal would have died." "But I am ... mortal." Or she was. Not anymore . "There is no way you could have known-!" It was as if someone had flipped a switch and suddenly everything was different. She could hear the voices on the wind and the sound of Finn's heartbeat and the worms in the earth. She could feel the trees, both living and dead, and the murmur of the scepter which called to her. It was strange... and distracting, so she focused on what wasn't. "I need to get Finn to a hospital," Rey murmured aloud, glancing down at her friend. He needed help and she realized, if Kylo Ren honestly believed that all it took was endangering her life, he wouldn't have done this to Finn. He was lying to her and she didn't like it. Rey was determined to find out how this happened and how much he knew about it - but first? "You owe us a ride." Notes: There was Reylo here but unfortunately, as long as Rey was preoccupied with rescuing her best friend she didn't have time for Kylo. Things should ramp up now and it's all Reylo from here on out - I promise! I really wanted to integrate Finn into this chapter because as a demi-god, he is integral in the overall action plot. But given that this chapter was 90% trying to get that established, the next couple chapters will focus on the shifting Reylo dynamic. THREE CHEERS FOR NO MORE DENIAL FROM REY :D Hopefully what comes out of that, you'll like <3 Thank you for your patience and your comments. I promise that any lingering confusion regarding Lethe and her seemingly contradictory statements will be dealt with very soon (as in, the next chapter - if all goes well! I'm super excited about what's coming). Anyways, enough incoherent rambling from me. I really appreciate everyone who has stuck with this story and given it (and me) a chance. You are the best!!! Chapter 16 : Choices Summary: Kylo and Rey leave Finn in the capable hands of Phasma, and pay a visit to Rey's mother in Crete. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey believed she and Kylo could've leveled the forest, or worse. The powers didn't make her anger disappear but they did distract her from it, and she felt overwhelmed. Knowing that Finn was alive meant she could focus on looking after him and not on revenge. Kylo didn't try to attack her again and he did not even protest when she insisted that he take them to a hospital. Rey scooped up Finn under the neck and legs - bridal-style, which would've been funny if he was awake to see it - but she hesitated to take Kylo's proffered hand. She was right not to trust him. They touched, Rey blinked, and instantly she, Finn, and Kylo stood in the middle of someone's luxury flat. It was clean and modern with dark hardwood floors, stainless steel light fixtures, and black leather furniture clustered around a marble fireplace. There were no photos on the walls or clutter anywhere , no bills piled up, or post-it notes on the walls, and apart from the empty dog beds - massive! - the place barely looked lived in at all. "This isn't a hospital." Rey turned on Kylo accusingly and the coffee table shuddered, a black iron lamp rattling until he touched her wrist in warning. She wrenched her arm out of his grasp but not before swallowing the throb of anger before it collapsed the building. "Mortal medicine will not cure him," it was fortunate for her companion that he was not fully human. Kylo moved through the living room into the kitchen with its black tile and steel appliances as if it was his own home. He opened the door to a bedroom and indicated she should deposit the body there. Rey hesitated within the threshold and narrowed her eyes at Kylo. "Tell me what you're doing." "A summoning," he rumbled, holding up a hand to silence her when she demanded to know what that meant. The answer came in the slam of a door which startled Rey. "Come." Kylo returned to the foyer and, once she lay Finn down on top of the bed, she followed him. "Dr. Phasma?" Rey recognized her from the dig site: incredibly tall and blonde with the most striking features, she wasn't easy to forget. She was dressed from head to foot in silver robes which clung to her body like armor - and she did not look happy to see them. Especially Kylo. "You do realize I am otherwise engaged," she spoke to him but her shrewd gaze was fixed on Rey, steady and appraising. "I do." Phasma blinked and turned her full attention to Kylo, allowing Rey to breathe a sigh of relief now that she was no longer the object of scrutiny. Her tone changed for reasons unknown, and she said, "Fine. Take me to your friend." Rey showed Phasma into the bedroom where Finn lay unconscious. "Kylo hit him with the bident - and stabbed him too," she explained, sparing a dirty look at the perpetrator of said acts, "Can you help him?" "He is still alive," Phasma exchanged a look with Kylo which Rey didn't understand - a private conversation she was excluded from - then she answered the question with a simple, "Yes." "Really?" Phasma ignored her - she was not one to acknowledge stupid questions - and sat on the edge of the bed next to Finn. Her posture was impeccable and her profile could've been carved out of stone. "If I do this for you," she mused in a knowing voice, speaking to Kylo, "What shall it be? Another favor?" "Yes." She smiled, the barest curve of lips. "Very well," she agreed, filing away the promise of debts to be collected in the near future, "I will heal him. You may go." "Wait a second- leave? " Rey objected, "I'm not leaving him here. I don't even know who you are." A goddess - who was inexplicably on speed-dial with Kylo Ren, so definitely not her first choice to look after Finn. Phasma regarded her gravely. "I am invoked as Hecate... my lady," she amended her words with care, and promised Rey, "I give you my solemn oath that he will come to no harm by my hand in this place." "And I'm... supposed to believe that?" "Yes. She is bound to her oaths as are we all." It was no small thing for Hecate to make such a vow. "Okay..." Rey was reluctant to go but Phasma insisted, and she supposed she should've been happier to have the word of a goddess insuring Finn's safety. Apparently this was a big deal and she wondered if her power boost meant that she, too, was included in Kylo's 'we'. Was she bound by the same rules? The flat was located in downtown Athens, over four hundred kilometers south of Ioannina, the Nekromanteion, and Mount Olympus. But the sky was dark here too - heavy, warm, and pitch-black, although she wasn't sure if it was truly night or not - and the wind whipped and whistled through the streets. Standing on the sidewalk outside of Phasma's building, Rey got the distinct feeling that there was a storm coming. It didn't matter where she went in Greece, soon this would be much worse than wind. Rey sensed Kylo behind her but she ignored him. He didn't remain silent for very long. I could give you what you most desire, Rey. The confidence in his words made her laugh - an unhappy, bitter sound because she was still angry - and she glared at him. His expression was stoic and she noticed he'd mended the wound on his face (or at least, he made it disappear along with the rest of his scars). "Of course you could," she agreed, "You could bugger off but you won't." Because nothing was more important to him than what he wanted. That is not what you most desire. "Are you sure about that?" I know where your mother is. Rey opened her mouth and promptly closed it again, unsure of what to say. He was right, of course, what she most wanted in the world was a family. She needed to know what happened to her own, but the first time she'd asked him to look for them he couldn't find them. Her memories were still lost but she guessed that didn't change what she was... who she was... which meant her parents couldn't possibly be dead. They weren't even human. "Let's go." Quick, she thought as she took his hand, Before I lose my nerve. Crete. It was the largest of the Greek islands and a place Rey had never seen before. Kylo brought her to a plateau surrounded by the Lefka Ori, the White Mountains, and while it was too dark to see anything she knew it was beautiful. Cypress trees whispered between gusts of wind - which did not blow so harshly here, and smelled like the sea - and the grass was soft and pliable beneath their feet. The only light on the plateau came from sprawling farmhouse on the cusp of a field, twin torches illuminating white limestone and terra cotta tiles overlooking an olive grove. "Why didn't you tell me about this before?" Kylo took so long to respond that Rey thought he hadn't heard her. "Hello?" Rey prompted him impatiently, "Are you listening to me?" "Yes." "Well?" "Would you have accepted her as your mother?" This was a rhetorical question because they both knew the answer. Rey would not have accepted her divine lineage were she not forced into drawing upon it to defend herself. "It is better to meet her now that she cannot deny who you are." "What do you mean?" "Do you not find it strange that winter has been unseasonably warm of late?" The mortals referred to this phenomenon as 'global warming', and while their wastefulness did contribute to the decay of this planet, he was disinclined to give them too much credit. He had come to Demeter shortly after his wife's disappearance. But the goddess refused to see him and claimed she knew nothing of her daughter's whereabouts. "I guess..." "Your mother starved the world in protest of our marriage," and continued to do so every year, and while she stated that she could not longer bend the seasons to her whim by order of Zeus, having met Rey he now realized her seeming complaisance was nothing more than an act. "If she thought Persephone was gone," Rey was thinking aloud, picking up on the threads of Kylo's words, although she still wasn't comfortable claiming that name for herself, "We'd be... in eternal winter right now, wouldn't we?" "Yes." The only reason a mother would not grieve for her lost child was if she knew exactly where she was. Rey nodded in response, quiet and contemplative as she accompanied Kylo to the farmhouse. He took his place three steps behind her, and Rey stood alone in front of the great oak door, dwarfed by its size and distracted by the blood-red poppy garlands which adorned the keyhole. She raised her hand to knock but could not go through with it because this... was nothing like what she'd imagined as a child. She always thought her family would come back for her. She never expected to find them out in the world, especially not in a farmhouse on an island in the Mediterranean Sea. "I don't think I can do this," she whispered, fingers curled and frozen in mid-air. How could she knock on this woman's door? She didn't remember anything about her but her voice, and even that was muddied by years of replaying it over and over again in her head. She didn't know what she was, or what she was supposed to do with these powers, or what it meant to have them when she didn't know how to use them. Rey tried to turn around but she couldn't. The pressure of Kylo's hands on her back and her shoulder steadied her, and at the same time would not allow her to retreat. He held her in place and she knew she could've fought him off - but she didn't. "I can't. I can't. I can't, " she repeated under her breath, growing more insistent with every denial, "Kylo-" "You have waited long enough," he reminded her, voice dispassionate and calm, "You are due an explanation, Rey." The words seemed to have some effect although Rey did not openly acknowledge them, for she knocked thrice on the door and as she raised her hand for the fourth time, it opened and out rushed the warmth of a hearth and the smell of bread. As it washed over her, Rey was seized with a longing so deep it took her breath away. The woman in the doorway was tall and beautiful. Her hazel eyes were mesmerizing, mingling hues of amber and green and gold. She had shining chestnut brown hair braided down her back, her face was smooth, tanned and freckled, and she was dressed in a knitted tunic the color of wheat. "Demeter?" That wasn't the word she was thinking of, but it was the only one she could bring herself to say. "Yes, sweetheart." The goddess knew who she was instantly, and this recognition softened her face and made it even more lovely. But it was the sound of her voice - that word - that made tears well up in Rey's eyes until she could barely see straight. Demeter opened her arms and without thinking Rey stumbled into them and breathed in deep as the woman spoke against her hair, "I cannot believe you've come home. I have missed you." "You have?" Demeter pulled away at the crack in her voice, tucking her fingers underneath Rey's chin to meet her eyes. "Of course I have," she murmured, her words gentle but insistent, "There's not a day goes by that I do not think of you, my beautiful girl." "Really?" It was everything Rey had hoped for but it got harder to convince herself of that as she got older, "I..." "What is it, Rey?" She shook her head briefly, swallowing. "I... can't believe you know my name," that also wasn't what she wanted to say, needed to know, but she couldn't bring herself to ask. It was just nice to hear her name (and not somebody else's). It made this feel real. "Of course I know your name," Demeter replied matter-of-fact, "I am your mother. I gave you that name." "Oh." "Why don't you come inside?" she invited the girl inside and held open the door, "You and I should talk. You -" Rey froze at the sudden change in her voice, an icy sharpness, and when she glanced at the goddess she was glaring past her shoulder, "-are not welcome in my home. You stink of death." Kylo. Rey had honestly forgotten he was standing behind her, and it occurred to her that Demeter had decided to disregard him completely. If he hadn't taken a step towards the threshold, she might not have acknowledged him at all. "I will not leave her alone with you, Demeter." "Are you insinuating that I would harm my own daughter?" "I do not insinuate," his voice grew lower as hers grew louder, "Your actions are unpardonable." "How dare-" "Um- Demeter?" Rey was tentative at first, but then her voice grew stronger, "Kylo brought me here. I'd like him to stay." I think. Demeter pursed her lips in displeasure but she conceded with a stiff nod. She smiled to Rey and pulled her inside, managing to be at once welcoming and inhospitable as she glowered at Kylo over her shoulder with a terse command, "Do not touch anything." The farmhouse seemed rustic from the outside but inside it was very open and warm, inviting with its plush cream-colored klinai - couches with intricately carved legs, fabric draped over the woven platform - and golden tables, marbled malachite fireplace, lamps with scalloped silk shades and lit with honey candles instead of light bulbs. And it was full of plants: flowering maples and clivia on the terrace, orchids and crocuses in the windowsills, hibiscus framing the fireplace, African violets on the accent tables. What startled Rey the most were the three turtle-doves who fluttered through the sitting room, one of whom landed on her shoulder and nipped at her earlobe. "Um, hello," she laughed a little, "Hi." Rey tilted her head towards the bird and nearly tripped over the snuffling black pot-bellied pig which ambled over to her. There were animals everywhere. Two spotted lizards and one garden snake basked in front of the fireplace, and a tawny screech owl eyed her from the balcony. And because there was no glass on any of the windows, the animals could come and go as they pleased. "Sit." Demeter guided Rey to the kline in the center of the room and sat down next to her, rather than in a throne. She took the bird from Rey's shoulder with a click of her teeth, and a wide-bowled drinking cup - a kylix with horizontal handles - appeared on the table before them brimming with shimmering nectar. Kylo loomed over the furniture where he stood, and he looked utterly out of place here. The light and warmth did not seem to touch him at all. "You have questions," the goddess prompted her, drawing Rey's attention from Kylo's neutral expression - his mask - to her mother's expectant gaze. "So many questions," Rey let out a short laugh, looking down at her hands, "I don't really know where to start," she felt sheepish, and despite the many, many years she'd spent envisioning a moment like this, she couldn't remember the words. "I... used to have this dream about you, at least I think it was you. I must've been five or six years old, the day you... left," me , "Was that real?" "Yes." "Do you remember what you said?" Rey didn't believe she imagined that promise. If she had known that she was supposed to go out and find her family, she would've left years ago. She stayed in that place because she thought- Demeter nodded, and her gaze was troubled, colors swirling in her eyes like autumn leaves. Rey was practically transfixed until she said, "I understand it is no consolation, but you must know I wanted to come back for you... every single day." "Why didn't you?" Rey had begun to think that her family was dead because - surely - if they were alive they would've returned in the fifteen years that she lived under the thumb of Unkar Plutt. They wouldn't leave her there without a good reason . "I couldn't." Kylo made a disgusted sound, surprising them both. "You've neglected her for fifteen years," while she tended her crops every season without fail, "Surely your own daughter warrants more attention than a wheat stalk , Demeter." "Do not speak to me of neglect, you wretched vulture." Her anger was swift and scorched the air, withering the violets briefly and sending lizards crawling out of sight. It even intimidated Rey. Only Kylo seemed unfazed when he insisted coldly, "Tell her the truth." Demeter glared at him and for a long moment, an uncomfortable silence weighed down the air. "I couldn't come back for you," the goddess answered finally, turning to the girl, "If I had, he would have known." Rey followed her glance to... Kylo, of all people. She frowned. "I don't understand." "I know," Demeter covered the girl's hands with her own, warm and reassuring, "You do not remember this but I never took you to Olympus. I perceived as you came of age that you would be coveted, desired, and I sought to protect you from this," from Zeus' brothers and his sons, none of whom she trusted because she had seen how their wives and conquests suffered from their lust, their carelessness, and their violence. "But I could not protect you from him. He bargained with Zeus for you like you were a prized heifer - " " THAT IS A LIE! " Demeter would not tolerate Hades' thunder in her home and she stood suddenly, proud, composed, but venomous. She advanced on him and the ground shuddered with each step. "I don't remember you coming to me to ask for her hand-" "You would have never consented!" "So you stole her from me!" "I made her a queen!" "Of the dead ," Demeter retorted scornfully, "What an honor that is for a goddess of spring, to be dragged into the grave where nothing grows!" "Actually," Rey stood because she didn't want to be the only one who wasn't , and she raised her voice, "There is a garden down there... with an orchard." She remembered seeing that when she touched the queen's scepter for the first time. "Yes," Kylo agreed with her, pleased and momentarily distracted from the infuriated Demeter, "There is. It was a gift." "Right," but just because Rey chimed in to defend the Underworld - parts of it weren't so bad - didn't mean she was on his side. The truth was that she wanted answers to her questions and she was never going to get them between the insults. "Kylo, I need you to leave." "Rey..." "I revoke my welcome," Demeter cut off his protests before she could do so, and pointed to the door, "Get out." A disgruntled Kylo vanished in a cloud of black smoke and Rey breathed relief between her teeth. She knew this must've been an old argument, but it made her uncomfortable to think about the early years of Persephone's marriage to him. These were things she'd read about in school . "I never wanted this for you," the goddess said, meeting Rey's puzzled expression, " Him . In your life. How did he find you?" She shrugged in response, caught herself mid-way through the gesture, and straightened, admitting, "I found him. His temple in Ioannina." "I see." "The powers are new," Rey continued quietly, "Less-than-an-hour-ago new. Did... you know about that?" "I did." She knew this wasn't normal. Gods could be captured or entrapped but they couldn't be rendered mortal. It wasn't in any of the lore and Rey knew she wasn't an expert (well, maybe she was but she couldn't remember it) but even Kylo Ren couldn't explain it. "What am I?" Demeter led her through the farmhouse into the garden which served as her sanctum - despite it, seemingly, being out in the open - and as they walked together the goddess confided in Rey, "I have always felt that you made the best of circumstances you did not choose. Someone came to me and promised that you could have the freedom to live your own life here on the earth where you were born, where you are meant to be," not languishing in the Underworld, "You would be undetectable to him - to any god - and liberated of all obligation which bound you to Hades." Rey struggled to digest the words, touching her stomach with one hand. She swore she felt sick all of a sudden, although that should have been impossible. "You made me human?" "We did, yes." Demeter paused in front of an altar beyond which was her throne, a near perfect mimicry of her seat on Olympus. It was carved from the same bright green stone from her home, decorated with golden barley and ruby-red poppy flowers and lit with white honey candles. Suddenly a massive pithos appeared on the table, a vessel for storage as large as a full-grown man with a wide lip two meters tall and made of silver with a cobalt base, covered in runes she could not read. Maybe if she had a month, a dictionary, and an endless supply of coffee... "Who's we ?" Demeter did not answer the question, instead turning to Rey to explain, "Your memories in one cask, your divinity in its twin. This is the latter and it is now - as you see - empty. The conditions of the enchantment were designed to protect you. This power would not have returned to you were you not in need of it." "I think I need to sit down," Rey mumbled, half to herself, but she couldn't tear her eyes away from the thing . "Do you have my memories?" "No." The goddess' brow furrowed in concern. "Are you alright, sweetheart?" She shook her head numbly, retreating from Demeter's outstretched hand with a half-step backwards. "I can't believe you... made me human." "I did it for you, Rey," she insisted softly, "Your father did not give you a choice. Neither did Hades." "Did you?" Demeter tilted her head. "I do not understand." "Did you give me a choice?" Rey repeated, seizing onto the one question that mattered most, "Did I choose this?" The goddess hesitated and there was a flicker of something in her eyes, regret maybe, which preceded the words she knew were coming. "No. You did not know-" "I have to go." "Rey, please don't," Demeter nearly gasped the words, her composure slipping away at the betrayal in the girl's voice, "You don't know how he changed you. You would not have understood. I did it for you, to spare you-" "To spare me what? A choice ?" How did that make her any better than Kylo Ren? " You left me alone with this... fake name and a promise you never intended to keep. I'm not even real! Rey isn't real, she doesn't exist, you just... made her out of ... scraps of your real daughter." That's all she was. She didn't have parents, or a family, those were Persephone's things. Persephone, whose memories were in a jar who knows where. "Rey-" "Stop saying my name." She turned away from Demeter and she ran back the way she'd come, through the garden and the house to the front door which she pulled open with both hands. Rey nearly stumbled into the dark but someone caught her by the arms and she knew that it was him. "What is it?" Rey shook her head, rolling her shoulders and pull away from him. She couldn't look at him. "I wish I'd never come here," she whispered, blinking back tears because she knew she didn't want to cry in front of Kylo Ren. She wished she was anywhere but here and the moment she blinked, she was. Notes: Thank you for the amazing feedback to this last chapter :) I was so encouraged, actually, that I was motivated to write another chapter (two in one week! Unprecedented!). I hope that you liked Demeter who of course doesn't have a TFA equivalent because we don't yet know who Rey's real mother is... and I hope to elaborate more on Demeter's motivation and the part she played in Persephone-Rey's transformation very soon. Anywho, this chapter is running a little short but on the bright side, what follows is lots of Reylo. So much Reylo. I hope to have that one up soon but I currently need to go study for a midterm. ;D Much love to all of you, both here on AO3 and on tumblr (coyoterey.tumblr.com). Chapter 17 : Blame Summary: Rey takes out her frustration on Kylo, and then together they make a plan to recover her memories. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The university was the first place she could think of. She wanted to be someplace familiar and then she was, standing outside of her dormitory in Ioannina. The building was mostly intact - all of the windows were broken and the grounds were destroyed, but it hadn't collapsed - which was more than she could say for the administrative services buildings, the tennis court, and the gymnasium. Those were demolished, nothing but the silhouette of rubble and dirt. Rey didn't see any yellow tape or flashing police lights, there was no noise at all, but she supposed if the earthquake was as bad as Finn said, emergency services would be stretched thin. Earthquake . She knew what that was code for now. It wasn't an earthquake that did this. It was a god - or gods. There were so many of them running around Greece these days, she was surprised the whole country hadn't sunk into the sea. Rey squeezed her eyes shut, but the tears rolled down her cheeks all the same. She hated to cry but now she couldn't stop, and it was strange because she wasn't a very sentimental person. She wasn't sure if she was crying for the people who had been hurt, who had died, who lost someone, in the midst of so much destruction - or if she was crying because she was no longer one of them. You were never really one of them . That, too. "Rey." Kylo didn't bring her here, and she didn't invite him along, but somehow he followed her. She turned to face him and this was a mistake. The look in his eyes made her so mad that her entire body trembled. And what happened next was something akin to muscle memory, a deep-rooted familiarity with her divine sovereignty. Rey couldn't explain it but she knew how to use it. She cupped her hands and felt the white-hot rage slough off of her like boiling water, then flexed her fingers and he staggered backwards. "Isn't this what you wanted?" she demanded, stretching out her hands as he recovered from the blow. He did not try to deflect it as he had in the woods, even though she knew that he could. He took the pain into himself without a word, which infuriated her even more. "I am everything you thought I was," minus the memories but she was sure it was only a matter of time. "And you..." the earth hummed beneath her, responsive, churning like her stomach until it burst under his feet, " Y ou ruined my life! " "And what life would that be?" He exerted a force on the ground that steadied it despite her fury. "You spent your days scavenging in the dirt. You should be grateful to me." " Grateful ?" Rey's thoughts brushed against the oak tree behind him. Up through the cracks in the ground the roots slithered, spurred on by a wordless, shapeless impulse, ensnaring Kylo's body tightly, "For kidnapping me? For trying to kill my best friend?" With a clench of his jaw, the roots disintegrated into ash and he strode forward. "If I wanted to kill him, he would be dead," the words were cutting in their arrogance, "It was a means to an end." "Finn is not a means to an end!" The golden scepter materialized in her hand - she did not even remember where she lost it, probably somewhere in the woods - but she used it now to ward him from stepping any closer to her. He agreed with her, but grudgingly, "He is more significant than I anticipated." To kill a demi-god was not only onerous but would... complicate matters, and Kylo had gotten what he wanted from that confrontation. "But look at what you've become. You are strongest when you are angry." He had noticed this in her resistance of his necromancy and in the destruction she wrought with the scepter. And he was impatient. What better way to coax her powers to return than to threaten the one person she would fight to defend? He could not have predicted what the result would be but it seemed the Fates favored him. Then she charged. Kylo was confused by the grim determination in her face and he scarcely raised his arm in time to block the scepter from striking him in the head, only to have her release it, draw back, and punch him in the jaw with enough force to break bone. The blow stunned him and Rey kicked him in the shin, weakening his stance, and hooked her ankle behind his calf. Kylo recovered before she could shove him to the ground, and he grabbed her by the wrists with a aggravated snarl, locking her arms against her chest from elbow to hand. Rey resisted and he bore down onto her. " Stop ." "Let go of me!" "Do not strike me." Kylo had never been punched before and he did not appreciate the novelty of the sensation. Rey continued to struggle and he shook her slightly in warning. "What is the matter with you?" "Everything!" she gave up physical violence in favor of shouting in his face, "This is your fault! If you would've just left me alone-!" Kylo cut her off in displeasure, demanding, "Have you not longed to know where you come from? Did I not deliver on my promise?" "This wasn't what I wanted!" she insisted furiously, "You... you made her desperate! She left me because of you ! " "Is that what she told you?" Kylo's voice was dangerously low, "Your mother abandoned you over a grudge . " He could be vindictive but no one wielded spite with as much devastation as Demeter. "She neglected you. I never have." There it was. Rey blinked up at him and she remembered the goddess had the exact same tone. He was right about Demeter but... "You think you're different from her?" His expression told her as much and she felt the rage dwindle until all she felt was grief. She was suddenly exhausted. "A prison's a prison. It doesn't matter if it's a body or if it's the whole bloody Underworld! I'm not one of your dogs, Kylo, you can't keep me on a leash!" He released her and Rey didn't bother to pick up the scepter from the ground. He seemed upset. Good. "That was not my... intention." "That's all you've done since you met me!" She wondered if he even understood what it was he apologized for, or if he said the words to mollify her. Anytime she did something he didn't like, he jerked her around... in her dreams, at the dig site, in the Underworld... and the only reason he could do any of those things was because Demeter got to her first. She was furious at them both. "Rey-" "I'm tired. " She didn't want to talk to him anymore. She didn't even want to fight. "I want to sleep." Kylo said nothing and she ignored how forlorn his expression was, turning away. It was not her job to make him feel better about what he did. Either of them. Rey was so sick of being manipulated by people who thought they knew better than her what she needed. She wanted to be alone. Rey left him standing outside but she didn't go far. In fact, she ended up back in her dormitory room of all places. It was a mess. The earthquake had knocked out the electricity - this was the first thing she noticed - and all of her things were on the floor, books, her dinosaur of a laptop, her alarm clock, and a chunk of plaster from the ceiling. But the bed seemed to be intact and it was so familiar - scratchy sheets and a thin mattress, but she'd slept on worse - that Rey lay down on her side, facing the wall, and curled her knees up to her chest. She really did want to sleep, but she wasn't tired. She should be tired. She should be a lot of things, not least of which was dead from that tree landing on her back. Rey didn't want to die but she didn't want this either. Do gods sleep? Yes . "Kylo?" She twisted around defensively but he wasn't there - not in the room - and she realized his voice was in her head. Stop reading my mind! I didn't. You are projecting your thoughts. I what? Kylo could not explain it to her in words but he showed her images until she understood. He couldn't read her mind - not anymore - unless she thought at him, which was what he referred to as projection. Not on purpose, Rey insisted, scowling into the dark. She lay back down reluctantly and a moment later, she mused, How do you sleep? Just like mortals do? No. Rey waited. We do not dream. That must be nice. Kylo did not respond. He would not know if it was 'nice' or not - having never been a mortal, he had no point of comparison - but the words themselves were hollow. It was the melancholy note in her voice that he recognized. This, coupled with the image of a body curled in on itself and facing a wall, reminded him that for her powers and her indomitable will Rey possessed a vulnerability all her own. He paced outside of the dormitory building as she grew quiet, drowsy with fatigue after everything she had seen, then fell asleep. And even then he did not depart. Kylo? Rey didn't know what time she woke up - because she didn't have a functioning clock and it was still dark outside - but he was there. Not in the room with her but just outside, and she wondered if he'd stayed there the entire time . How do you feel? I don't want to bash my head into the wall anymore so... better, I guess? Rey wasn't even sure she 'slept' but she lay there, closed her eyes, and relaxed. She drifted in and out of everything that had happened since she woke up, and just having the time to work through it helped her. We need to talk. Fine. Rey let out a muffled yelp when he knocked from the hallway, a booming sound that startled her. She got to her feet and felt her way to the door, opening it to see him standing on the threshold. It almost made her laugh. For someone who was willing to hold her hostage in the Underworld or skewer her best friend in the woods, it seemed like he'd finally decided to show a modicum of respect for her personal space. Kylo Ren was strange. "Come in." Rey didn't bother with the lights - but Kylo did, illuminating the room in a murky glow that seemed to come from nowhere and everywhere at once. She was tempted to ask him how he did it, but she wasn't sure she wanted a lesson. She sat down on the edge of the mattress, hands in her lap. To his credit, Kylo didn't ask her why she came back to this place and he stood over her bed, uncertain of whether or not to breach the silence between them. Rey was still angry with him over what he'd done - to Finn, mostly - but if she hadn't met him, she wouldn't know the truth about who she was and where she'd come from. She'd still be wondering about a family that was never coming back. Should she be thanking him for that? "So?" Kylo considered his words before he spoke. "Will you show me what Demeter said to you?" "Show you?" He sat next to her on the bed and touched two fingers to her temple. It is easier this way. Rey wasn't sure she really wanted to talk about it, and she wouldn't have been able to describe the jar - so she nodded. Kylo searched through her memories which forced her to revisit them too - reluctantly - and she could sense him growing incensed as Demeter spoke, before he saw the vessel used to contain her powers. He drank in every detail on the silver pithos , as much of the engraving as he could read from what she had seen. He was frustrated that he could not read the full inscription. He withdrew from her mind the moment she turned away from her mother, not wishing to intrude upon her pain. The two of them sat in silence for several minutes until Rey cleared her throat and asked, "Have you ever seen a jar like that?" "It has been centuries," he confessed, pensive, "Pandora was given such a vessel... made of bronze." " Pandora's box Pandora?" "It was not a box," he frowned, "But yes. Such vessels are not easy to find, and fewer still are forged in silver." Rey leaned forward, intrigued despite herself. "What's the difference?" "Bronze renders a vessel impregnable," and so it was chosen to house all the evils of the world, "Silver is far more difficult to control. It absorbs many things but it does not store them. This would explain why your powers returned to you. It is used for invocation, for protection, for manipulation of one's mental faculties. Priests and oracles will use silver to stimulate psychic awareness," in their dreams and in their memories, "And to lull the conscious mind." In doing so they became more receptive to the messages of the gods. "I didn't know that." Kylo smoothed his fingers from her temple through her hair, then he let her go. "You need a teacher." "I'm not really interested in enslaving dead people," she reminded him, shoulders hunching in remembrance of her brief brush with necromancy. It was not the kind of magic she wanted to do. "Necromancy is management, Rey," he chastised her for what he deemed to be a misrepresentation of his realm, "Do you know what the dead would do left to their own devices?" It would be chaos. Mortals craved due order, it was in their nature to submit to powers greater than themselves. " Management ?" she repeated with a (nearly) straight face. Kylo Ren, Manager of the Dead. It didn't have the same ring as 'God of the Dead' or 'Lord of the Dead'. It made him sound like an accountant when she knew him to be far more dangerous. And necromancy did not feel like 'management' to her. It felt like dominion . "You are ridiculous." "I am not." He seemed affronted and Rey was amused. Kylo insisted that he was not only a necromancer, but a master of all metal and stone magic. When she realized she was humoring him, her lips twitched downward and she felt conflicted. "I'll think about it," was all she said and he perceived the shift in tone but did not understand why. Rey absently picked at the stretch of cotton sheet between them - just to have something to do with her hands - and finally she asked, "What did you need to talk to me about it? Demeter?" Yes and no. "Your memories." "Right." Of course that's what he wanted, she thought, one little jar was all that stood between him and his wife. Suddenly she felt restless, and slid off the bed to pace from one side of the room to the other. She paused by the window and turned to him. "Do you think that's what Lethe meant when she said I needed to recover Persephone?" "I don't know." " I think that's what she meant." It was true, wasn't it? Kylo would leave her - Rey - alone because 'Rey' wouldn't exist anymore. It would only be Persephone. Lethe never told her she'd get her life back. She just assumed... and she should've known better. Gods and their wordplay. "Rey," he stood in a smooth motion and joined her at the window, "We must find the sister vessel." "I get it, Kylo," she snapped at him, "Chop, chop, you want her back. I've figured that out." And excuse her for being reluctant because 'recovering her memories' sounded a lot like 'getting rid of Rey'. And she didn't think she was completely unreasonable to not want to... lose herself. She was starting to feel as if it was inevitable, especially now that Kylo knew what to look for. Maybe she shouldn't have shown him the pithos . "You misunderstand," he corrected her, "It is for you, not for me. Leaving such an artifact in the hands of one capable of rendering you mortal," this could not have been Demeter's doing, she did not possess the knowledge, "This would be unwise. It is dangerous." "Oh." Well, Rey had no doubt the first thing he'd want to do once he got his hands on it was open it... but he still had a point. She didn't like the idea of some mystery god holding onto her memories anymore than Kylo did. "You're right. I want it back, too." "Then you know what we must do." "What?" Kylo looked at her expectantly and her eyes widened slightly. Rey shook her head. "No, I can't talk to her again." She hated that her voice cracked, and even more than she didn't bother to ask Demeter who that 'someone' was she mentioned. Not smart. "I will speak with her," he reasoned. Rey crossed her arms over her chest. "What makes you think she'll talk to you this time?" "I can be very persuasive." "But you won't... hurt her, right?" No matter what she'd done, the goddess was still her mother. "No," and although he would not admit this to Rey, Kylo doubted he could harm Demeter in any lasting way, "What will you do?" It was the first time he had asked her instead of telling her, and she shrugged in response. She hadn't given much thought to 'what next?'. "Maybe I should check on Finn." "Very well." "But I don't know where he is," somewhere in Athens but Rey wasn't familiar with the area. Kylo seemed nonplussed and he explained to her that she not know the location to find him; she simply needed to think of him. So she did and sure enough, it worked just as he said it would. One moment she was standing next to Kylo, the next she was at the foot of the bed where Finn lay - still asleep, but looking better. Now all she could do was wait. Notes: Ahh this chapter ran a little short on me (!!), I will get back to my regularly scheduled length soon. I just really wanted to post something before Nanowrimo starts :D and because it's still Halloween in my timezone. Thank you to everyone who has commented, or kudosed, or even take a peek at this story. I am sorry that I am *still* behind on replying to comments, but I'm hoping to have a more frequent update schedule from here on out which would be good :D Re: this chapter, I'm improvising Persephone's powers. She is a minor goddess but I've always head-canoned that with the 'boost' she got from becoming Queen of the Underworld, she is a powerhouse (plus, we ALL know Rey definitely is ;D). Regarding other details... I own a few books on metal magic but I'm not a practitioner and I did take creative license with the properties of silver and bronze in this story (I take a lot of liberties with all the magic, to be honest!). Kernel of truth: Pandora's box really wasn't a box. That surprised me too when I discovered it. The perils of translation, my friends. In the original myth, it is described as a pithos, and I figured if one of those big jars could hold all the evil in the world, it could probably hold pieces of Persephone/Rey's identity too. Looking ahead, following a brief "bonding" moment between Kylo and Demeter (spoiler alert: they're not really bonding), back to Reylo... and for now, they're not fighting, she's not in denial, and he's not screwing up so the stars are aligning (!!!). Finally. Thank you for your (endless!) patience. :) HAPPY HALLOWEEN! If you dressed up, please tell me what you went is (I'm nosy!). Chapter 18 : Amends Summary: Kylo confronts Demeter but things don't go as planned. He attempts to comfort Rey over the reclamation of her memories. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Demeter was neither in her home nor her garden. Kylo found her in the forest at the base of the Lefka Ori speaking to the trees. The moment she heard footsteps, the goddess turned in anticipation which flowed into anger. Her lips pursed and her eyes flashed, but as she raised a hand to strike him Kylo assured her, "I did not come here to fight." "Then you shouldn't have come at all," her voice was warm where his was cold, booming where his was low, "Where is my daughter?" "She sent me in her stead," he did seem to relish the words, imbuing them with more intimacy than Rey intended - simply for the pleasure of watching her grimace, "Your daughter cannot stand the sight of you," he paused, voice wry, "Well done, Demeter." "Be silent." Kylo ignored the trembling demand, brushing gloved fingertips along dead tree bark. "Tell me," he commanded her, all trace of mocking faded from his voice, "Was it difficult for you to watch her starve? Or was her suffering acceptable in service to your vendetta?" Confusion warred with mistrust, clouding her eyes. "What?" Demeter was not one to feign ignorance but he did not have the patience to unravel her perplexity. She would not believe a word he said so instead he conjured what he had seen in Rey's mind, her memories, inflected by his own experience in the wasteland she had grown up in. "You do not remember the sound of her crying for you?" He drew upon the clearest image, the earliest memory she had shared with him. "Why would you leave her in the care of this man?" The goddess could not trust what was shown to her, so she vanished and reappeared in the impoverished village. He followed, guiding her to the now-abandoned residence of Unkar Plutt which had been stripped of its valuables by enterprising citizens, the sparse vegetation scattered with garbage, and eventually the two located the hovel where Rey had lived until Maz Kanata intervened. One crumbling wall betrayed its former occupant, covered in marks from left to right, fifteen years captured in the plaster which struck both gods mute. Demeter reached out a hand to brush her fingers over the rough scratches, closing her eyes in response to the loneliness which pervaded this place and clung to the walls like an echo of some distant ache. "I never heard her cry," she murmured, tilting her head to examine each mark as if it were a prayer. "She was to be placed somewhere you would not find her." And so it was. Had Rey never come to Greece and disturbed his temple, Hades would not have discovered what she was. "But not by you?" Demeter turned to glare at him over her shoulder. "No," she replied stiffly, "It was best that I not know... so I would not be tempted to intervene." She allowed Rey to be secreted away in the hands of someone she trusted, rather than risk leading Hades or any of his allies to the girl's location. Troubled, the goddess turned to him and demanded, "Where is the one who tormented her? This... Unkar Plutt?" Hades gazed at her, lip curling in contempt. "Nowhere you will reach him," he replied, "His soul is mine." The punishment was his to exact. Demeter did not have the right to exact revenge on behalf of the daughter she betrayed. She had no rights to her. "I see." "I am not finished with you," she turned to go and Hades surged forward to still her, wrapping his hand around her wrist. His touch was an offense but he refused to release her no matter how violently the earth shifted between them. "You should not have taken her from me." "Let go of me," Demeter hissed at him, her eyes turning molten gold with fury, "Do you think you are owed an apology? The arrogance! The absolute entitlement! Every moment you suffered was a moment well-deserved for what you did to her!" "For what I did to her? It has been millennia!" It was infuriating to him that she could foster still such self-righteous rage toward him for an act which had nothing to do with her. "Persephone was not a child." "She is my child!" He was incensed by the goddess' shortsightedness. "She was content in my realm," he insisted, "She gave her heart to me, I did not take it." She did love him. He knew this to be true. Demeter scoffed. "Content? Are you certain she did not simply grow accustomed to you? That she did not settle for you as the only living thing in her vicinity?" Perhaps in knowing that she was bound to him for eternity, Persephone endured it as best she could. Hades' shadow stretched across the ground in his unspoken rage, the air chilled as the grave. "I am certain," he said softly, each syllable precise as a barb on his tongue. If this intimidated the goddess, she rallied admirably. Her guilt displaced by derision, she challenged him, "If you were truly meant to be, Hades, she would be with you now." But was she? No. Demeter understood the nature of their relationship the moment she saw them together - a mother's intuition, so to speak - and knew she did not love him. "She doesn't want you. She has never wanted you. Let that poor girl go." Rey realized that Phasma's flat was not what it seemed. For its modern appliances and its sleek furnishing, it was full of occult paraphernalia. There was no sign of her but in Finn's room a number of inscribed terra cotta pots lined the nightstand, some with crushed herbs, others with oils. There was no refrigerator in the kitchen and instead of food, the pantry was one impressive spice rack. There were symbols carved into each door frame - some of which were familiar, Rey was sure she had seen one or two on pictures of temple ruins or wine kraters - but she couldn't make sense of them. Magic wasn't something the professors covered in her survey courses. "You'd think this whole goddess gig would come with a decoder ring," Rey muttered to herself. T hen again, maybe the decoder is in the jar. Persephone's memories, right? She was sure the queen of the Underworld would know a lot about magic. In the stories, Hecate was her only other companion in the Underworld apart from Hades. Rey never got much of a 'sisterly' vibe from Phasma, though. Maybe that was because she wasn't the same person. And she was human until yesterday. She was a little worried about how Finn was going to take the news, and she didn't have the nerve to wake him up and ask. Instead she checked on him again, then left his door cracked and returned to the living room. Turning around, Rey was startled to see Kylo standing by the couch. "What happened?" Rey couldn't help but notice that he wasn't carrying one of those big jars with him. He didn't answer her at first so she pressed, "What did she say? Where are my memories?" "I don't know." "She didn't tell you?" "I... forgot to ask." "You forgot? " Rey was incredulous. She crossed the room, wondering what kind of whammy Demeter leveled at him because he was acting stranger than usual, "Kylo, what do you mean you forgot? You're the one who said I need to get the jar back! You said it was dangerous!" "I am aware of what I said." "And?" He didn't respond. Rey was under the impression this was some big priority, but if something had come up didn't she deserve to know? "What's the matter with you?" Because Kylo wouldn't tell her, she suggested that he show her. He had to walk her through what to do but once he did, she peered into his mind and he shared what had transpired between himself and Demeter. Rey was expecting that he'd been struck with a curse - assuming one would work on someone as powerful as him - or smacked with a scepter, but all they'd done was talk. And somehow this was what got under Kylo's skin? "Did you kill Unkar Plutt?" Rey asked him, dropping her hands to her sides. She always imagined she'd feel something if she ever got news of his... um, passing, but she felt numb, her voice detached, "I thought I saw him in the Underworld..." Kylo confirmed her observation with a nod. "I did not kill him," he replied in a low voice, "I gave him to one of my Furies." "Oh." "Are you distressed?" "Um," she frowned, "I'm... confused." This wasn't about Unkar Plutt, it was about Kylo. "What Demeter said - it got to you, didn't it?" Rey was pretty sure that's what she was feeling. He was genuinely... hurt, and if he was human she'd say he seemed insecure. But gods didn't get 'insecure', did they? "Do you believe her? Do you think she might be right?" "No." "I don't believe you," his 'no' didn't even sound convincing, "You must have a pretty low opinion of Persephone." The moment she said those words, there was a palpable shift in his demeanor and his eyes narrowed. "What I mean is," she continued hastily, "You can't doubt the thousands of years that you spent together. Don't you trust her?" "Of course I do." "Really?" It was hard for Rey to see that through Kylo's bouts of self-loathing which were almost as overpowering as his entitlement or his moodiness. "I think you owe it to your wife not to mope around over what your mother-in-law says ... because Persephone loves you." And she wouldn't love someone who didn't have redeeming qualities, right? No matter what anybody else said. "And she's not an idiot, Kylo." "I know she isn't." "Then you know she didn't settle for you," Rey reminded him, "Even I can admit you aren't... a complete monster." "A rousing endorsement." Sarcasm. He must have been feeling better. "You threw my friend into a tree," she retorted, "Don't push it." "Of course," he conceded seriously, "My apologies." Rey wasn't forgiving what he did - not with Finn lying in the next room, maybe not ever - but she felt like she understood what made him so desperate. And those inexplicably warm memories she had of a mother she didn't know? They didn't feel so good compared to the real thing. "What Demeter did to... us was wrong," Rey murmured, crossing her arms, "And the more she shifts the blame, the worse she seems." "For what it is worth," Kylo said, choosing his words carefully, fingers flexing in the repressed impulse to touch her, "I too have been disappointed by my parents." Disappointed. That was exactly how she felt, honestly. Her mother did not turn out to be what she dreamed of as a little girl. It was painful to reconcile and her tremulous twitch of a smile was genuine. Then she gave some real thought to what he said. "Didn't you... go to war against your parents?" "Yes." "And you imprisoned them?" "Cronus, yes," he despised his father, but could not condemn his mother to Tartarus. "Rhea is... elsewhere. We have not spoken in many years." Rey raised an eyebrow. "Complicated." Kylo acknowledged the inadequacy of the term, meeting her gaze. "You and I are not dissimilar," he mused, "We have both of us chosen our families," in lieu of accepting what they were born into, "Yours consists of... Finn," he grudgingly said the name, which pleased her, "And mine is..." "Persephone?" "Yes." "Small families," Rey remarked with a lopsided smile. She'd almost consider Poe an honorary cousin, but he was much closer to Finn than he was to her. And Poe didn't know everything about her, not the way that Finn did (well, before she discovered she was an amnesiac queen). Rey didn't trust very many people. "I need only her." "I know what you mean," she admitted. Sure, there were times when Rey wished for a proper family - a big family, the sort she saw on the telly in holiday movies - but she didn't need that. She loved Finn fiercely and she would do anything for him. Realizing what she'd said, and to whom, she glanced away from the door to her friend's room and back to Kylo, "I... I didn't mean... I just- you and I..." she floundered for words but she couldn't lie. "I am aware," he assured her gently, "I am not anticipating reciprocity on your part, Rey." "Right." Because she didn't feel the same things for him that Persephone did. She wasn't his family. They were barely not-enemies. "Well, I guess you don't have to. Once you pop the cork on that jar, you'll have your family back." "And you will lose yours?" he guessed at her thoughts, and when Rey looked away he lifted her chin with his knuckles. It felt like being touched by marble, but she noticed his eyes were much warmer than his hands. "You will not cease to exist, Rey. You will retain your memories of this life." "But I won't be me ." How could she possibly stay the same with the memories of a goddess who'd been alive... for ages ? All of the things she cared about would seem so small and stupid to someone so... old and powerful. "I know my life seems worthless to someone like you..." she swallowed, "... and I'll be the first one to admit that most of it wasn't that great," or even exciting, "But I like being me. I like going to school, and digging in the dirt, and making lumpy waffles in Finn's Snoopy waffle maker, and not having any matching socks..." because she never threw away a sock unless it had three holes or more, and she hardly ever bought new ones. These were small things, meaningless things, but they were part of her. And she knew that in the shuffle of all those new memories, these things would be lost. "Do you understand?" "Some," he assured her, although he was perplexed by the 'Snoopy' as he had never heard of such a word. Unsure of how to respond to most of what she had said, he settled on the truth, "I like you." "What?" Of all the things she thought would come out of Kylo's mouth, that was not one of them. It wasn't that she thought he disliked her but it sounded like such a... juvenile (not in a bad way, but he was so much older) thing to say. He didn't seem completely comfortable with it himself. "Are you saying you have a crush on me or something?" "A... crush?" The joke didn't work if he didn't understand what she said, and Rey gave him a half-watery, half-exasperated almost smile. "It's just another word for liking someone. It's a human thing." She wasn't sure she could call what gods had 'crushes'. Infatuations , maybe. "Ah," Kylo replied, "Then yes." This was such a strange conversation, she thought, before dismissing him, "Because I'm Persephone 2.0." Or would it be Persephone 0.2 because it wasn't as if Rey was an improvement on the original goddess. She was the Internet Explorer version. "No. That is not the reason," Kylo was not amused and he did not let her go, "I like you, Rey. I do not believe your life is worthless," he paused, "And I regret that I have mishandled our interaction in every conceivable way." He regretted that he was a source of pain to her, and that he continued to make unforgivable mistakes despite having ample years and experience to teach him otherwise. He had not felt conflicted in many years. Angry, vengeful, and lonely but not conflicted. "Thank you." Rey wasn't sure what else to say. "I... I'm sorry Demeter took your family from you." Kylo brushed his thumbs along damp eyelashes and she didn't resist when he cradled her face in his hands to kiss her forehead. It felt kind of nice. "She was not alone in this," and he doubted she was the instigator which made her the lesser of two traitors. Rey nodded in response, pulling away from Kylo. With a deep sigh, she shook off the melancholy and smiled. "So are we going to get the jar back or not?" "Yes," he agreed with her, bemused by the resilience. "But we should also have waffles." At first, Rey thought she misheard him. "I- did you say waffles ?" "Yes." "Are you joking?" "No," he seemed affronted at the prospect that he would joke at all (let alone over waffles), "Where are the most superior waffles made?" "Belgium?" Really, waffles were made everywhere but she'd always heard that was where the best waffles were. "Have you ever been to Belgium?" "Well, no," Rey admitted, puzzled by the change in topic, "Have you? " "Not since it was a province of Gaul." That must've been nearly two thousand years ago. "You really don't travel much." "Nor do you." It was different for her. She didn't grow up rolling in jewels, so traveling was outside of the question... and besides, she'd been afraid of leaving home for so long. She didn't want to risk... anything, least of all the slim prospect of her family's unfulfilled promise. But now that she could go anywhere in the blink of an eye, the argument seemed moot. "Are you asking me out for waffles?" "Yes." "Kylo," this was ridiculous, and he seemed particularly smug about his suggestion - and Rey didn't even know if she could eat human food anymore, which would be the real tragedy because she'd never had a Belgian waffle, "Shouldn't we be focused on getting the jar back?" "We will," he promised her, but he was insistent on the waffles for reasons she did not understand. And even though there were half a dozen reasons she should say no... she didn't. She scribbled down a short note to Finn on the off-chance that he woke up, and then she took Kylo's hand. Notes: So, the mystery of Demeter's co-conspirator will have to wait until the next chapter - which is already half-written, this just felt like a natural 'stopping' point ;D I hope it didn't seem too ridiculous that they would go off to Belgium (full confession: I used to live in Belgium and it is one of my favorite countries, and the waffles are glorious), but my intention in having him disregard his priorities... there is a legitimate reason related to the broader story for this, and it is also his misguided effort to make her feel better. Anywho, I also wanted to post something light because in the wake of the U.S. election I've been really distressed so... in part, this was also a therapeutic exercise! Much love to everyone who reads, or kudos, or comments on this fic, I love you and appreciate your thoughts. <3 Chapter 19 : Stay Summary: Rey extracts an oath from Kylo, and brings him back to Greece. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Forget ambrosia," Rey said, holding onto her waffle with a square of wax paper, " This is the stuff epic poetry is written for." It was golden brown and warm, coated in a crispy caramelized sugar, smothered in strawberries which were drizzled in chocolate. There were so many choices: waffles with bananas, blackberries, blueberries, powdered sugar, whipped cream, butter, ice cream. Rey wanted to try them all. "Sitting on the street is undignified." She glanced up at Kylo Ren, standing next to her and looking dissatisfied. He had pictured things differently and the authenticity of this all-too-human experience underwhelmed him. Rey had picked up her waffle from a stand on the corner, and in the absence of any tables or chairs she plopped down on the curb. It was warm but wet, skies overcast with the promise of rain . A red peugeot car rolled past her and she smiled up at him. Kylo's disapproving expression faltered, momentarily disarmed by her good mood. "If you didn't like 'undignified', you wouldn't be following me around," she replied, then indicated the ground beside her, "Come on." He hesitated, then he accepted the invitation and it was almost comical to see the way he folded up his much larger body to sit down next to her. Rey watched him, noticing the discomfort thrum in the tension of his shoulders. Without thinking, she reached over and squeezed his hand. "I know you don't like crowded places," at least, not crowded places full of living people, cars and smog and the rumble of city conversation. Kylo was still for a long moment, gazing down at her outstretched arm. Wordlessly he turned over his hand beneath hers, so that they were palm to palm, and he interlaced long, gloved fingers with her own. Rey shivered but she didn't pull away. She didn't want to think about what this meant. "So," she held up the waffle between them with her free hand, careful not to tilt it for fear of losing one (or more) of the strawberries, "Is this going to make me sick? What should I expect?" "It will not harm you." Kylo did not eat mortal victuals. He was certain that he could - if he felt so inclined - but he had no interest in food. Eating was not something he took pleasure in, and he only imbibed nectar and ambrosia by necessity. But he enjoyed watching her. Rey took him at his word and bit into the corner of the waffle, which gave way with a crinkle of sugar. She made a sound that was pure relief, something between a growl and a sigh, chewing with her eyes closed. The chocolate and the sugar and the strawberries . Rey was afraid that she wouldn't be able to taste it, or if she could, she wouldn't want it because she was no longer human. She hadn't given a lot of thought to how she'd changed - beyond the powers, which hummed in her mind and under her skin even now - but giving up food would've broken her heart. "You have got to try this," she mumbled around a mouthful of dough and fruit, shaking the half-eaten waffle in Kylo's face. She wasn't going to share with him, in fact, she got annoyed whenever someone tried to steal a French fry from her plate. But she did make a recommendation: "Go get one!" "I'm not hungry." Rey was insistent so he did as she ordered, and disinterested in the variety of toppings he chose the same waffle as her. He could have commanded the mortal vendor to give her every waffle, but she countered that she could've done that herself if she'd wanted to. There was something to the human ritual of choosing and purchasing food that made her comfortable. By the time he returned with his own waffle, she had finished hers. "Go on," she nudged him in the shoulder, "Taste it." Kylo turned to her, distracted by the pressure of her arm against his, her chin hovering next to his shoulder. Sensing the weight of his gaze, Rey tilted her head up and tore her own gaze away from the waffle. There was sugar on her bottom lip, appearing to him like glistening grains of sand, and he was certain she had never looked so appealing. Kylo cupped the back of her head with one hand and pulled her mouth to his. He kissed her and her lips parted for him, hands and crumpled slip of wax paper braced against his forearm. When he dropped the uneaten waffle, he swallowed her indignant protests with his tongue and left her gasping. Rey had a dozen reasons why she shouldn't let him touch her and she knew them all by heart. Rey. She kissed air, lips barely brushing his as he pulled away to look at her. "The cask does not belong to me," he said, his forehead touching hers, "It is not mine to open." Rey swallowed, confused by the sudden change in subject. "What are you talking about?" "The cask which contains your memories, the one of which Demeter spoke," he reminded her, his words conjuring the image of the empty vessel she had seen, "Perhaps we do not open it." "I don't understand," she blurted out in response to his suggestion, "You just want to forget about it? Is that why we're here?" "No, not forget," he corrected her firmly, "We must recover the pithos so it cannot be used against us," and the one responsible would be punished. Kylo Ren was not forgiving. "But it should be your choice to remember. And if you choose to remain Rey..." "You'll what? Accept it?" Rey drew away from him mistrustfully, and ignored the hand which touched the nape of her neck, her shoulder, the small of her back, "Kylo, you've done nothing but push me to remember since I met Lethe," and she didn't believe he could let her go. "I know what I've done." "Then why the sudden change?" But I won't be me. I know my life seems worthless to someone like you... I do not believe your life is worthless. "I... am thinking of what you said," her words resonated with him and he realized he did not want to give her up. Of course he wanted Persephone back and recovering her memories would give him this, however, "I would miss you, Rey." "You would?" Rey was having a hard time coming up with something better to say. She didn't exactly make things easy on him - but in her defense, he had made a mess of her and her friends' lives. She felt like she couldn't breathe. "You're really not going to turn me into her?" "No." Rey choked on a laugh that sounded like a sob, glancing away from Kylo to catch her breath. "I really want to believe you," she admitted, gulping down a mouthful of air to steady herself, "Swear it." "What?" She shifted her body towards his, hands in her lap. She wanted his word because she knew he couldn't break it - and it was the only thing she could trust because he was so moody. Who was to say he wouldn't change his mind, lose his temper, and lock her up in the Underworld again? "Swear it to me, Kylo. Swear that you won't force me to become her," she repeated, voice catching on the last syllable, "Please." "You are afraid." "I don't want to disappear," Rey conceded, "I already feel so different. This force... it's a part of me." "Rey..." "I thought I would do anything to know who I was-" she broke off, casting her blurry gaze down to her lap, "But knowing isn't all it's cracked up to be. I'm not sure I'm ready to give up everything I am," not even to become what she was meant to be, what she always was... something so much more than human. A goddess. A daughter. A queen. A wife. But until now she didn't think she had a choice. Kylo removed his gloves although she did not see him do it, she only felt the texture of skin against her lips and her cheek. "I make this oath to you, Rey," he said, his voice rolling through her mind like thunder, "I call upon the waters of the Styx as my witness, may the river hold me to this vow. I will not open the vessel, nor compel you or any other to do so. You have my word." It was strange, to hear such somber words uttered on a street corner which smelled of waffles. Rey could feel the power in his words and knew without a doubt that he was bound by them. She also knew that in doing this he had effectively signed away his right to see his wife again. She wondered if he understood that, or if he only agreed because he was confident that she would change her mind. Either way, whether he knew it or not, he was giving her her life back. "I didn't tell you to stop," she said, and what she meant was 'thank you'. "Stop what?" Her cheeks grew warm and she replied, "Kissing me." Once Rey had been afraid of his mask, not the helm he wore into battle but the dispassionate face of a pitiless judge. But now when she looked at him, she could only notice how beautiful he was (in his way). His eyes were so dark - but not cold - and when she looked into them it took her breath away. Power spilled out of him and she gasped when it rushed along her skin, from her jaw to her chest and lower still in a smooth wash. "Kylo." Their faces were scant inches from one another but he still wouldn't kiss her. "I am not an exhibitionist by nature," he whispered along her jaw, lips skimming skin and the bone underneath. Rey followed the trail of his mouth with a tilt of her head, chasing his mouth with her own. Her nose brushed his, her lashes fluttering against his skin, and she barely recognized herself when she murmured, "Then come with me." She offered Kylo her hand and, trusting her, he took it. Rey didn't really think this through and - unsurprisingly - she was not a master of seduction. What made her feel a little better was knowing that Kylo Ren wasn't either. Sure, he tried and sometimes it almost worked but he always seemed to go too far. So what was she doing with him here? "This place?" Kylo looked around and seemed to have the exact same reaction. It seemed that she hadn't quite gotten the hang of traveling, because she ended up back in her dormitory at what was left of the university. She had made it back to Greece in one piece, true, but her crumbling cardboard box of a room didn't really set the mood. Rey hadn't been thinking about Ioannina but she didn't know where else to go - not the Underworld, she didn't care that he had a palace - so here they were. Maybe this was a good thing. She wasn't sure what she was in the mood for, but if she remembered his bedroom correctly ( like she could forget ), only one thing was going to happen there. "Take it or leave it," she replied dryly. He looked at her in the dark - and later she would wonder why she was standing in shadow when it was clearly midday - and his expression was humorless, but not impassive. When he spoke, she felt the words inside her mind. I will take it. Kylo slid his hands to her shoulders. Rey was level with his chest and she reached out to touch his waist, rubbing thick black fabric between her fingers. She gripped it tight and stood up on her tiptoes to kiss him. She couldn't remember if she had ever initiated a kiss with him before, but he didn't seem surprised. When she caught his bottom lip between her teeth she felt him smile against her mouth, thumb stroking the pulse in her neck before he buried his hands in her hair. Rey bit down experimentally, dragging her canines over full flesh, and Kylo all but crushed her to his body, bowing over her until every inch of her body was covered by his silhouette. His tongue twisted against hers, claiming it hungrily, and magic flowed through his kiss and into her. Rey tugged at his robes as he kissed her hard enough to draw blood, then soothed her with the cool pulse of power running down her throat. Under her hands, the stygian fibers dissolved into silky threads as thin as a spider's web and she spread her fingers against the pale skin of his hips. The skin was as smooth as stone and when he broke the kiss to taste her neck, burying his head in her hollow of her throat, Rey murmured against his hair, "Show me your scars," she had seen them once before, and she knew where they should be but weren't. Kylo raised his head from her neck, gaze as unfocused as her voice, but Rey insisted, the words hoarse and almost strangled, "I want to feel them." Why? "Because," they're a part of you. And if she wasn't ashamed of her scars, he shouldn't be ashamed of his. Kylo didn't answer her but she felt him release, a nearly undetectable sigh of power surrendered and the illusion disappeared. Rey spread her hands wide, splaying tense fingers against his ribs, tracing the rough, bumpy skin and slick lines as she found them. Kylo's hands descended down her back, kneading the skin at the base of her spine through her clothes and Rey's breathing grew shallow and quick. Her pulse throbbed in the back of her throat and she felt her body react to him, not only his lips and his fingers but the warm, hard part of him pressed against her thigh. She wondered if he was naked and she was tempted to let her hands drop. Instead, she curled her knuckles against his chest. What are we doing? The question wasn't meant for him - at least, not consciously - but he heard it nonetheless and his hands stilled against her lower back. Without a word he summoned that same murky, sourceless light she had seen half a dozen times before. It filled the room, casting them both in shades of blue. He looked down at her and she noticed his lips were swollen, eyes as shiny as obsidian, or maybe black diamonds, and she realized he must've been shielding his desire from her. He could have overwhelmed her with his want, his need, his hunger and he didn't - why? "Do you think I would have you regret coming to my bed?" He answered her unspoken question and Rey was sure she blushed. "Technically it's my bed," well, her bed on loan from the university. This was more her bed than his was. "Is that what we're doing?" Is that what I'm doing? Going to bed with him? It sounded so grown-up to say it like that. Not that she wasn't grown-up - in fact, apparently she was thousands of years old even if she couldn't remember all of them - but he made it sound... like a ritual. Something sacred and pleasurable. It made her skin ache and her stomach tighten, desire so fierce it made her want to claw out of her own body and into his. "We are doing whatever you want to do." "Really?" She hated how her voice cracked, and she cleared her throat. She realized just then that he was naked. Very... naked. No one ever talked about that perk of being a god... disappearing clothes and such, no need to worry about zippers or buttons. "So if I told you we should stop, that's... that would be it?" Kylo fixed his gaze on her, unamused by this line of questioning. "I am not an animal, Rey." "No, of course not." "Would you like me to leave?" "No," Rey almost regretted how fast the word slipped out of her mouth, breathless. And because she didn't think she could describe what she was feeling - not nervous, exactly, but overwhelmed all the same - she decided to show him. It was the way he kissed her on the street, the oath he made to her, the way he was looking at her now. It felt like the first time he had ever kissed her . Not because she reminded him of his wife, or because she was a version of his wife, but because she was Rey. Just Rey. Rey watched his expression soften warily, and the unexpected tenderness was at odds with his bruising kiss and the teeth marks under her jaw. Kylo kissed her forehead, the way he did whenever she was upset at something other than him. "You are the only one I see, Rey," he promised her, soothing her anxiety, her uncertainty, with his surety, "I want you." She nodded in response. There were reasons, good reasons, not to do this. Not to be with him. But she realized in this moment, in his arms and with his promise that she didn't have an expiration date stamped on her forehead, she didn't care about what she should do. She wanted him too. She wanted to know what it was like to be with him. And more than anything, she wanted it not to be a mistake. "Stay." Notes: The time has come my friends! Did it take nineteen chapters and seventy thousand words to get here ;D yes, yes it did. And I still had some anxiety that I might be rushing it but it felt... like a natural progression to me, and honestly shit is about to hit the fan plot-wise so I thought I'd cut our kids some slack. Plus, Kylo did make a preeeeeeetty big promise to Rey... in any case, sorry for the unintended cliffhanger but I can promise you that Mature Themes are a'coming (so fair warning for those who aren't interested in that!). MUCH LOVE. MANY HUGS. THANK YOU FOR READING.