'You never use your name.' Hux looked up, somewhat bewildered, at his bedmate. Kylo Ren was sitting up and leaning on one arm, hair in disarray, eyes staring intently at Hux in the semi darkness of the General’s rooms. 'What?' Is all Hux can manage. He's exhausted, quite understandably considering their recent activities, and he has a lot of meetings in the morning to oversee the final stages of Starkiller Base's construction. All he wanted was to get some sleep. 'Your first name, I mean. It's your father's, isn't it?' Hux sighed, exasperated. 'Ren, I know we haven't been doing this long,' two months, not that Hux was counting or anything, 'but even you must know that bringing up someone’s dead parent is atrocious pillow talk.' Kylo shifted, reaching over to play with the strands of Hux's hair that were now loose from their usual order. 'It's just odd, is all.' He ran his fingers through Hux's hair, and Hux tilted his face into Kylo's hand despite himself. 'Most people identify themselves by their first name, but you don't. Even in here,' his fingers stopped, resting against Hux's temple, 'you think of yourself as "Hux". It’s another one of the things that makes you mind so fascinating.’ ‘Well I’m glad that I can be of some amusement for you.’ Hux grabbed Kylo’s hand and pressed a kiss to the fingertips. Then he pulled and bit, just the slightest pressure of teeth on the knuckle. Kylo grinned, and Hux would be lying if he said that he wasn’t falling in love with that smile just a little bit. To see the way it lit up Kylo’s usually surly face and to know that he was the only one who got to see it, it amazed Hux. Softly kissing the knuckle he had just bitten, Hux pulled on Kylo’s arm, leading the other man to roll closer. Kylo positioned himself on top of Hux. He skimmed his lips across Hux’s shoulder, occasionally pressing them on a cluster of freckles. Hux gasped, moving their legs to tangle together and bringing a hand into Kylo’s hair. Kylo kissed at Hux’s neck, over and over again. Hux moaned, tightening his grip on Kylo’s hair and causing a matching moan to fall from the knight’s lips. He dragged Kylo’s head by the hair to bring their lips together. Hux kissed and licked, as if trying to drink in the taste of Kylo. When they broke apart Kylo lay down, head resting on Hux’s chest. ‘My father was a commandant in the old Empire,’ Hux began, voice barely above a whisper. ‘He ran one of the Imperial academies and put forward several successful initiatives, including the Stormtrooper conditioning program.’ Kylo said nothing; all of this was things he already knew. Hux had begun stroking Kylo’s hair without realising it. ‘He always pushed me, even from a very young age, to be the best. He was obsessed with me “living up to my name”, but nothing I achieved ever seemed to be good enough. So I pushed myself harder. When I was in the academy myself it was suggested by a few of my more jealous peers that I was getting by only on my father’s name, not because of anything I myself had done.’ ‘Ludicrous,’ Kylo muttered. Hux chuckled. ‘Ludicrous as it was, they still thought it. Between that and my upbringing I became determined to stand under my own merit, to distance myself from my father’s name.’ He sighed. ‘I can’t imagine it makes much sense.’ ‘It does.’ Kylo lifted his head to press a kiss to Hux’s lips. ‘I can understand wanting to be free of the pressure of another’s name.’ ‘Can you?’ Hux couldn’t help but sound a little bitter. ‘Yes, I can.’ Kylo studied Hux’s face for several long moments. ‘Ben Organa Solo,’ he said at last. ‘What?’ ‘That’s who I was once. A long time ago, before I gave myself to the dark side. I had to fight against what was expected of me every day.’ Hux’s eyes widened in realisation. Ben Organa Solo. Son of Leia Organa and Han Solo. Named after the Jedi exile Obi-Wan Kenobi. Three legends in one name. It felt strange, Hux mused, to have something in common with Kylo Ren beyond their mutual attraction and a begrudging respect for each other’s position. It was sharing something personal, intimate; more than just sex between arguments sniping at each other. It was emotion, something he had always been taught was a weakness, and Hux found that he didn’t mind that fact at all; and from the look in those dark soulful brown eyes neither did Kylo. ‘One day, nobody will remember who we were named for,’ Kylo grips Hux’s hand tightly, ‘all they will remember is what we did, and the strength we will bring to the galaxy.’ It felt like a promise. Hux said nothing, opting instead to kiss Kylo again. He drew it out for as long as possible, moving his lips with agonisingly slowness. Hux felt Kylo squirm against him with impatience. ‘They will bow to us,’ Hux whispered hotly against Kylo’s lips. ‘Anything you wish, my General.’ Kylo enveloped Hux in his arms, pressing his face into the crook of Hux’s neck. They fell asleep entwined, listening to the other’s heartbeat. Tomorrow they would begin building their legacy. Together. Notes: Thanks for reading, comments are always appreciated.