Chapter 1 It's a long way from Coruscant to the Outer Rim even with hyperspace, perhaps a week or so of travel, but Rey had figured with Ben's money it would be an easy, and most importantly private flight. Instead, Ben turns sharply and guides Rey into a tiny hangar where an official looking First Order speeder is parked. Once the door is shut, Ben takes out two stormtrooper uniforms, one tall enough for him and one about her size. He hands it to her. There is a number on the helmet she doesn't read. Ben says, almost apologetically, "You'll have to put this on." Of course, thing wouldn't be so easy as hopping on a ship straight to the Outer Rim. "Why?" "Well, we'll have to avoid suspicion from the First Order." He says this as if he's saying 'We have to dust the shelves.' "But you're part of the First Order, aren't you?" "I am--" He stops talking, but his voice resounds in her head anyway. I am Master of the Knights of Ren, which is also commanded by the Supreme Leader, but we and the First Order are separate divisions. From now on, think, don't speak. "How--" Rey halts. How do I know if you can hear me? I can hear you. Oh. She stares as he takes off his three coats and puts on a black shirt, then dons the Stormtrooper armor. Ben, tell me what's happening. Why do we have to hide? He turns his back. She has seen him bare. Even without their strange link, she would know this is more to hide his face, and there is a lot to hide. Guilt, fear, shame, and longing roll off him in waves as Ben thinks: As a Knight of Ren, I am not... encouraged... to do what I am doing right now. To be with her. Rey thinks of how he was on the first night they met, how he had stayed awkward and reluctant in his naked body yet still desperately craved touch. Are you even allowed to have sex at all? It's not that. It's the--attachment. Emotional attachment. Knights of Ren are sworn to put their duty to the Supreme Leader above all else, their lives, their homes, even their families. We cannot put our individual concerns above the greater good of the galaxy. But that's-- I know. I know! He paces in a tight circle, clenching his hands into fists on the edge of his helmet. Something cracks, and he lets go of it. I know it's not going to be easy. I should have told you sooner. He inspects the helmet, and finishes jamming it onto his head. You can--still--leave. If you want. If it's too much. I won't follow. There is a soft sound from under the helmet, garbled into a staticy Stormtrooper voice. Rey feels something on her face, a drop of moisture, but when she wipes her cheek, it's dry. "Ben." "Don't speak, " he tells her, and it comes out ragged and halting. She edges closer. Ben is like a cat, she's learned. One wrong move while he's wound up like this, and Ben might claw her face, or kiss her hard, or bolt into the night to disappear forever. She touches his neck, strokes the slant leading down to his broad shoulders with the lightest of touches. He doesn't relax until she slides her hand down his arm and twines her fingers through his knuckles. I meant to say that I think it's rubbish, forbidding relationships like that. He slumps. You're staying with me? Yes, I'm staying, you great prat, Rey says. She grabs her armor; Ben stares at her before he comes back to his senses and starts helping her with the unfamiliar clasps. It's not all single folks at Unkar's club, you know. Just tell me the rest of the plan so I won't make a fool of myself. - - - No one bothers them much as they speed through the city, but once they get to a distinctly shady looking warehouse on an even lower level than Unkar's club, Ben sheds his armor and wears a worn out vest, shirt, and his same black trousers, adding a blaster on one hip. He takes it out of the holster and blows some dust off it, looking disgusted. It has definitely seen better days. With the scar across his face and his huge, muscled frame, he looks exactly like a smuggler. Rey has to wonder if this is why he's so uptight. Ben gives Rey a slightly newer looking model and gives her a twenty-minute crash course in handling it safely, if not accurately. Then he takes her hand and starts walking. The reek of smoke and beer and drugs hits Rey from half a block off. Play along, he says. He draws his ancient blaster, and so does Rey. Then Ben kicks open the door to the cantina and yells, "Listen up! We're looking for Lak Mileenee! Twi'lek, purple, middle aged, a little short. Should have been seen here a few days ago. Don't make it hard!" He points at someone, then another, then a third. Rey does the same until finally, someone holds up their tentacles and says, in gurgling Basic, "I saw her! I think she was asking for a ship!" "Where was she headed? Takodana?" The alien whimpers. Ben brandishes his weapon and the alien babbles, "Yeahyeahyeah, she always heads to Takodana right after a job!" "Thank you," Rey says. Ben tilts his head the slightest bit. Rey throws her arms around his neck, and simpers in the bright, high, sugary voice she hates: "Oh, so very, very much! See, love, they've already given us a good lead! Now..." She holds her blaster out, contorting her face into the fakest, widest grin she can muster, and the crowd quails before her. She rather likes the feeling. "Who'd like to lend us their ship?" Someone hesitantly raises their hand. - - - "We can talk now," Ben says, in the cockpit of their commandeered shuttle. "Please don't hug me with a blaster again. Or... at least warn me first." "Sorry," Rey says. She looks through the window, at the intersecting lines of light tracing the skylane below them. "Are you sure they won't report this ship stolen?" "It's already been stolen." Ben looks around the cockpit, and decides, "Several times. Trail's gone cold by now and it's not that impressive." "Oh. Of course. That makes perfect sense." Rey looks at the fraying pilot seat and rusty looking control panel. "Are you sure this thing is safe?" "It'll get us to Takodana all right." "Great. What's Takodana again?" "A neutral planet. Very, very neutral." He looks at her. "You don't know it?" "I've heard of it. But, well. Don't have much opportunity to travel in my line of work." She pauses. "Didn't." And smiles. "Oh." "How do you know it?" Ben winces. Rey changes the subject. "So, who's Lak Mileenee?" He glances at her, and smirks. "Jealous?" Rey rolls her eyes, which takes the wind out of him. "No one," Ben admits. "I made her up on the spot." Seems like Ben's pulled out all the stops in breaking the rules. - - - The castle is adorned with bright flags and an open, cleanswept courtyard proudly displays a statue of the owner, Maz Kanata. Rey is enchanted by the quiet greenery and serene lakes, the cool breeze in her hair. But Ben gives the castle a wide berth, hardly even looking at it. Instead, he approaches a ship landed just outside. He talks to the alien in charge of it, money changes hands, and he lowers the ramp with a sigh of relief. "Okay, Rey, let's go. It has proper bunks, so we can rest for a day and keep going tomorrow." "On the ship?" Her back is sore after the creaky bunks in the several-times-stolen ship they'd commandeered. "Can we go to the castle first?" " No! " He pauses, then rattles off, "It's loud and distracting and the food is no good." He's lying. And very nervous. "Ben--" "Shhh," he says. She looks at the castle and tugs his arm. I want to go inside. Please? I meant call me Jacen. For the rest of this trip. When we're at the house, you can call me Ben. Oh, he'd already got the house. Her insides warm, wondering what it looks like. Then she remembers the task at hand. "Can't we just take a look?" He starts walking up the ramp. "You can go if you want to so much. But don't take long." "What? I don't want to go in alone. " "Well, if you think it's dangerous, don't go." He tries to be stubborn, but mostly comes out petulant. "I don't think it's dangerous, I just want to see it with you. Didn't you say it was very, very neutral?" Ben shrinks, and Rey sighs. She summons up all her patience. "What's wrong? Why don't you want to go inside?" "Someone might recognize me." "Oh!" She throws her hands in the air. "Why didn't you just say so? I'm sure we can find something to--" "Maz doesn't need to see people to recognize them. She knows the Force and she's a thousand years old. We can't disguise ourselves from her." "Well..." Rey looks at the waving banners, and feels the sun on her face, her feet on the damp, fresh soil. She listens to the gentle lakewater lapping against the shore. Ben is a conduit of jittering nerves, but she feels secure. "I think today is going to be a good day. Let's go inside. Just for a bit." He cracks, just a little. "It'll be fun. " - - - Three hours later, Rey is in the middle of a game of lerk-iu, losing like the dickens. Luckily, she's stumbled across a very friendly table, all female, who are playing for fun and not money. They are possibly even legitimate travelers. Ben has refused to play, or eat, or drink anything--simply dragged up his chair so close to Rey's that their thighs are touching. "Rey honey," Analissa-Janonia slurs. "Why don't you just sit in his lap?" She is a beautiful young Rin-uith with silky white petals for hair, and gets drunk by staring at a crystal which emanates red light. "The chair's more comfortable, with Jacen like this." Rey elbows him. Everyone except Ben laughs. An older, female voice joins in from behind Rey. Rey turns, then looks down to see a diminutive orange alien who looks vaguely familiar. "Hello, gran!" "Evening." She hops onto the table, adjusting her giant spectacles. "Can I get anything for you ladies? Or the boy? He seems just about to faint. Or puke." Maz! A spike of outright panic from Ben. MazMazMazMazit'sMazReymakeher leave! "Drinks for all of us, Maz!" Rey declares. "On me. Whatever you want to drink, girls! And the fussiest, most expensive food and drink you've got for me! Don't tell me. I'm losing, so I deserve a nice surprise." A chorus of cheers. Maz takes the orders and heads to the kitchen. Rey leans in and rests her head on Ben's shoulder. "You all right, love?" "I think I am going to puke," Ben announces. "Rey, come with me please." "Yeah, make sure you hold his hair back," Gindolel says. "It's so so pretty." "Soooooooooo prettyyyyyyy," someone echoes. Drunken female laughter follows them, until Rey shuts the door of the bathroom behind them and everything is muffled. Ben leans on the wall by the sink. "At least you're having fun," he mutters. "Why aren't you?" Rey asks. "Maz knows everything about me by now! She'll probably--" "Jacen," she says. In her drunken state she finds it much more easy to be optimistic. "You're a smuggler at a cantina. Why don't you just strike a bloody deal with Maz?" "You really think that if I just ask Maz not to tell anyone I was here, she'll do it?" Ben rolls his eyes. "Like that would ever work. I'd rather not waste my money." "Why not?" Maz's voice rings out from the other side of the door. The handle turns and the door clicks open to reveal her standing, with a tray of drinks and crystals and dried powders and things resembling fruit. Ben presses himself up against the wall, turning his face away, like a boy caught redhanded. "You seem like a nice couple," Maz says. This soothes his nerves the tiniest bit. She looks from him to Rey, and a warm humor colors her tone. "What? Are you two younglings running away? The whole world against your forbidden love? All you want is to be together in peace?" Rey grins. Maz takes her hand gently, and scans it with her eyes, made huge by her glasses. A connection touches between their palms, not a lasting one like the bond Rey shares with Ben. Maz seems satisfied after only a moment, letting go with a fond glance. Then the old alien looks to Ben, with the same caution and alertness as someone in the presence of a wild animal. She eases her other hand off the tray by millimeters. As the tray floats serenely in place, Maz pushes from underneath the sink and stands on top of it. First she peers into Ben's eyes, and then she cups Ben's right cheek in the palm of her hand, the one which was scarred. With his shoulders, Ben presses further into the wall and closes his eyes, tears streaming. But he leans into Maz' touch with his chin. "You are very afraid, my boy." Maz wipes his face with a thumb and Rey feels a startling warmth on her cheek. "Such thoughts have kept you alive so far. But now it seems that this fear is blinding you to the very happiness you seek." "I'm not supposed to be with her," Ben mumbles. "Bah!" Maz flaps a hand. "No one's supposed to do anything that's really fun." She smoothes his hair back, straightens his vest, and hops off the crate. Silence. Even several minutes after Maz has bustled out with her tray, no one else comes in. Rey suspects the Force. "I don't know what just happened," Ben whispers. "Maz won't tell anyone that she saw you!" Rey exclaims. "You great prat," she adds fondly, after Ben shushes her. The table is set with their drinks and crystals and powders. Maz comes back at the end of the night with a single dish of gooey looking bread and a dessert spoon, and puts it on the table in front of Ben. "For Jacen. He seems like he needs it." Ben picks up the spoon and squints at the plate. An idle thought meanders through Rey's mind when he recognizes it--custard bread. Then Ben shoves his chair out. "Puking," he says, and runs for the bathroom. When Rey starts to follow, he pleads, Don't. Rey shuts off the part of her mind that feels what he feels. When Ben comes back with red eyes, everyone is too drunk to notice it in the dimmed light. Rey only does because she feels her eyes prickle. - - - "All right, you crazy kids!" Maz hollers, over the late-night-early-morning din. "I'm closing up shop. Finish your drinks, pay your tabs, and get out of my house! " Drunken women's voices say "Bye" to Rey like music, looped several times. Friendly arms or stems or hooves wrap around Rey's shoulders, or tickle Ben's wrists in a half-teasing, half-flirty manner. Ben looks at his dish, untouched and cold, but he devours the whole thing in one audible gulp. Then Ben reaches into his pocket and slaps a handful of money on the table. Even without looking, Rey knows it's more than the tab. But Ben doesn't wait for change before he stumbles out to their ship, in the dark courtyard. The rumble of shuttles and ships driven by those sober enough to pilot is too much noise for sleep. So they lie awake in a bunk together to wait it out. Rey has changed into sensible nightclothes. Ben has not. In a daze, he holds Rey like she's a security blanket, his eyes wide open in the dark. She can feel his nerves, still swirling. The holster is uncomfortable against her hip, but not unbearable. Ben's not drunk at all, but the ship needs a copilot and they had originally planned to rest here, anyway. "I can't believe we just asked Maz not to tell anyone she saw us," Ben says. He tilts his chin down onto the top of her head and points out, "She didn't say that she wouldn't. She was a pirate. We didn't pay her. The tab doesn't count." "She didn't say she would, either," Rey counters. "Pirates can be nice." The worst people she'd encountered in Unkar's club were the upstanding ones in regular society. The underworld might not be gentle or sweet, but at least the half-decent types saw her as a person instead of a body. They knew how it felt to be looked down on because of a job. "Why are you so optimistic? " Ben grumbles. Since he shifts to hold her tighter, Rey doesn't mind. "One of us has to be." "You're also drunk." "In wine, there is truth."