Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Leave the base at once and come to me with Kylo Ren. It is time to complete his training.” “Yes, Supreme Leader,” the words formed in his mouth, the breath burned heavy in the back of his throat and perhaps they were completely unnecessary to voice all together; the image faded quickly into nothing, the walls of his finest creation crumbling around him, his footsteps hurrying to outpace the destruction; words were irrelevant now. Still, despite–or even in spite of– any and all rationality, they passed by his lips unchallenged and unheard by anyone other than himself. It was the resentment, the pure, unrelenting agitation, which fueled the apparent need to voice them anyway. Get a hold of yourself, Hux. Undisciplined you’re no better than Ren. Ren , who brought this destruction, Ren , who incited this catastrophic failure of an operation he never once cared or answered for outside of his own self interests. He’s sporadic, unruly, he’s never faced a day of punishment in his life as a result of his incompetence. Lower your shoulders . This is not Ren’s failure . Failure reflects upon the leader, the momentary loss of control, where the line distinguishing between victory and defeat is relinquished to the whims of insignificant pawns. A leader sets that line, a ruler holds it. Ren would never be so honoured, so dignified, to truly possess control of this operation. This was your control to lose, not his, this is your failure – unacceptable. A tarnish, an ugly welt, a defamation of the name you carry; this is not just your legacy. “The tracker, find Ren immediate-,” empty, the entire room, cleared, blasted wailing echoing around and off the walls shrouded by the sound of blood pulsing through his ears. Desertion of pawns is no loss, they can be gambled; a rogue knight is not invaluable, useful but disposable; a king who makes inconsequential moves likes to consider themselves irreplaceable, but without formalities - they’re useless; a lone queen can still cause destruction. What queen gets abandoned ? Stiff fingers uncurl themselves, a faint blue glow illuminates black leather. “General? Y-you’re still here?” a solitary officer and a couple troopers. This is your loyal army . “Did I give a command to leave? Of course I’m still here.” His eyes lift, move around the room once more, shoulders squared, jaw tight; such wasted potential . “With me, we’re not done yet.” A few stragglers were still present in the docking bay, now all smugly ascertaining that they were the ones that remained, congratulating themselves; no doubt they’d boast to their colleagues of their courage as if they were not simply queued to escape themselves. Disgusting . At the least the deserters had a devotion, and for that they would answer, but on no occasion would grace be given to those who exaggerate the truth for their own personal gain. “Where is it we’re going, General?” “To retrieve Ren.” “Right away, Sir, I’ll send out a squadron, we’ll have him to the Finalizer in-“ “I’m coming,” his heels clanked heavily on the ramp into the shuttle, harmonious, synchronized steps following him; he folded his hands behind his back and stopped, turning to the officer and raising his chin. “Enough of my time has been wasted, I will see to it that this is done right. There will be no more miscommunications.” “Very well, Sir, of course.” The door lifted closed behind him, the couple dozen of troops stood in their usual formations, blasters in rest position as was always emphasized throughout their training. As swiftly as they could, they approached where Kylo’s tracker had emitted pings consistently for the last few minutes. Glancing out the window he noticed the landscape, vast and snow covered, crumbled and split; a gigantic rent separating two large plates of land. Hux exited, asking that only two troops follow him out into the cold, hectic forest. White snow crunching under black boots, coat tail flaring behind him, Hux tucked his datapad away rather quickly, as the pings that the screen provided were less definitive than the red-splattered earth overlaying the trail of footprints; these were just as soon traded in for the visual on the mound of black sprawled on the ground. Hux put a hand out, two sets of footsteps paused; the grumbles of the unstable ground under their feet could be heard and felt clearly now. He strode forward, hands once again resting calmly behind him as he came to a halt, pressing his feet together and leaning over the disaster he’d come to retrieve. Kylo’s chest rose and fell irregularly, trembling with the odd exhale, a clenched fist pressed hard into the side of his abdomen; a pool of crimson visible under his arm. His head turned to the side, a veil of damp, black hair hanging over it, and a very faint mumble could be heard, though Hux couldn’t make out the words. “Pathetic,” the General spat, tilting his head to the side to get a better look, moving himself and lifting a foot, pressing the side of his boot against his knight’s dejected head, turning it to face him. He gave a start at the contact, but did not fight it, his dark, glassy eyes accentuated by sunken grey were open up towards the sky; sweat beaded on his forehead, painting his hair to his pale, pained face. Hux pulled his boot away, slowly, dragging the toe along his jawline. A bright, jagged wound that travelled diagonally from his jaw, under his right eye, over his nose, and up to his forehead became entirely visible, stark against the sickly skin of the broken man. Hux could make out some of the words that spilled from the parched lips tinted a light blue, though their coherency was something to be discovered and he had no interest in making the effort. Kylo writhed, a foot sliding out along the snow, a knee falling to the side, his head pressing back into the ground exposing his neck. Hux had never seen it so vulnerable. A sliver of untouched skin under the jaw visible to him for the first time. It fascinated him, watching his jaw clench and tremble with his laboured breaths. Such an outward display of weakness seemed to him to be tasteless, especially given his consciousness. Failure is unacceptable, giving into failure, letting it consume you while you still live, it’s treacherous. Hux’s thumb faltered on his wrist, he could feel his own pulse quicken, his teeth grinding together. The corner of his lip twitched slightly upwards with a devilish revelation, and after watching Kylo take a deep, staggering breath, he gently placed the sole of his boot perpendicularly over his windpipe. “I could kill you right here,” he whispered, applying a small amount of pressure to his throat, one of Kylo’s gloved hands flying up to grab his foot, trying to push it off. It seems to have gotten his attention . Eyes focused and locked onto Hux’s, he struggled for breath, wheezing with the restricted intake. “I could kill you here and be rid of you once and for all.” More pressure, widened eyes, a tightening grip; the bloody hand wrapped around his calf, desperately clawing at him when it became impossible for even the wheezing to be produced. Silence was broken only by the odd, cut off, sounds of feeble attempts to retrieve air. Strands of bright ginger hair fell out of their usual place, adorning his forehead, blood rushing through his ears again, his eyes piercing and intense but filled with a strange new light. Small tugs, erratic pushes and pulls could be felt throughout his body; the sheer anxiety glaringly obvious in the frail energy only succeeded in humouring the man in control to a greater extent. Kylo’s dark brows pressed together, his heavy eyelashes began to flutter, and his bloodstained hand left a trail of glistening red down the length of Hux’s boot. “General,” one of the troopers interrupted, though Hux did not falter in either the amount of pressure or stance. “General, we’ve got to go, we’ve only a minute or two at most before this thing falls apart completely.” “Right,” Hux mouthed, pressing harder to widen Kylo’s woeful eyes once more, to witness the wordless mouth gape; he removed his foot. Kylo gasped, greedily sucking in air, his hands clasped to his throat. Rolling to his side he broke into a fit of coughing, curling up his legs to his torso. His eyelids fighting to stay open on the verge of passing out; from pain, from blood loss, from lack of oxygen; his breaths rattled in his larynx. Blood, slow, but still trickling, now rolled over fresh snow. Hux turned away, bringing his chin up to its usual haughty height, passing his fingers once through his bangs to reset the stray hair back into its proper place. Straightening his sleeves he began to walk back towards the ship. “Get up, Ren, don’t make the time we spent retrieving your worthless ass even more of a waste.” Heading back, Hux wasn’t sure what was more shameful regarding his behaviour. Perhaps it was his disregard for their time constraint and letting his emotions, whatever they were, dictate his actions. Or maybe it was the loss of control he’d exhibited being seen, and having to be stopped, by another. Still, what resided most within his thoughts was neither of these, but the fact that he enjoyed it so much so that he didn’t regret it either way. At the foot of the ship Hux stopped and waited for the two troops who were supporting Ren on either side to catch up, his feet dragging as they failed to keep up with their assistants. His gaze followed mechanically, keeping straight forward and turning his head to follow their movements, as they began to pass. Suddenly, just as they are in front of the watchful eye of their leader, the troopers were pulled back to a stop. Kylo’s feet planted into the ground, his body tense, and with all the strength he could muster in his weakened state he held them in place. He turned his head, his eyes meeting Hux’s again, having to look up from his crouched posture, the streak of red impossible to ignore. “Fuck you,” his voice cracked on the first syllable, hoarse, but the vehement tone came across nonetheless. If he were one of yours he’d never . The troopers tightened their grips on his arms and gave him a tug to get him moving again, and he went along, drudgingly, putting his head back down. They passed and Hux followed after them, the ship lifting off the ground before the door had a chance to finish closing. The General took his seat, crossing a leg over his knee and pulling his datapad out again, watching the numbers fluctuate in realms he’d never imagined he’d see. He glanced up, across the aisle Ren is slouched on his seat, arm draped tightly over his midsection, eyes narrowed and unwavering. Hux’s are just as persistent. “No, wait until we get to the Finalizer. He’ll be treated at the medbay.” Hux breaks the silence, but not his stare, as he notices an officer bringing over a basic medkit out of the corner of his eye. “He’ll still be properly treated, but he could bleed out if we don’t bandage-“ “Leave him.” His voice remained calm and slow but unmistakably authoritarian. “You heard him, go!” Kylo broke the connection, hissing the words in the direction of the officer who’d already turned on their heel and began to retreat as it was. By the time he returned the gaze the blue eyes had cast themselves down again, willfully ignorant of the obvious attention they were receiving. “I told you your army was useless, couldn’t even hold off attack for an extra minute,” Kylo hurled the words at him through clenched teeth after impatiently awaiting reciprocation; Hux continued to hold steady, having been coaxed into arguments with him with similar sentiments before he was not going to let it happen again. Some of us learn from our mistakes . Kylo’s eyes narrowed but eventually closed, his head tilted back onto the wall with a dull thud and clenching his side, his facial features twisted in a pain they immediately tried to suppress. “Ren, get up,” Hux commanded before he peeled his eyes away from his datapad, uncrossing his legs, rising to his feet, and stepping towards the once again limp body. “Have some amount of dignity and walk yourself out.” He didn’t move, except to shift his weight uncomfortably in his seat, and Hux could feel the muscles in the back of his neck tighten. “Can you really afford to be being disobedient right n-” Hux extended a hand to grab Kylo by the sleeve, but it stopped when a large hand dripping in crimson wrapped tightly around his small wrist. His eyes shot to his own hand, balled into a fist, and tried to pull his arm free to no avail; Kylo’s grip held him completely steady and stained his sleeve with the same red hue that seeped through the oversaturated material. “Let go of me.” Already anticipating them, Kylo’s clouded eyes were ready when Hux’s attention was brought away from his hand. He’d sat up and was hunched over, compensating for the loss of the pressure that had moved to constrict around the slender wrist. Hux attempted a second time to pull free, managing only to make it more difficult to relax the muscles again with Kylo’s grasp tightening to adjust to the constriction. Hux snarled, his glare as stationary as his captured limb. “Don’t touch me,” the words were dry, angry, much more fluid than they’d been since retrieving him, and Hux didn’t notice if his lips had even moved, completely enveloped in his concentration, “ General .” Blood rushing back into his hand, a cold shiver shot up his arm, his fingers tingled and remained pressed against the inside of his palm. Despite the regained mobility, Hux brought his other hand up to his wrist, straightened his glove, and wiped some of the blood from the white stripes of his sleeve, leaving visibly red stains behind on the thin strips of light material. Back in order, Hux stepped away and watched as Kylo got to his feet, struggling to maintain his balance. They landed, the door opened, and the synchronized steps began again. Hux’s deftly merged with the singular hum; the unorganized, heel dragging, toe catching, staggering could singularly be heard clearly above it all. Each out of turn, disruptive step irked Hux to the core. Stepping out into the Finalizer he came to a halt and oversaw the troops filing out. There is still order, you are still in control, you move on from failure . His top officers approached him, his acknowledgement of them minimal, his focus remaining on the soothing, uniform wave of white marching past. “General Hux, Sir, we must admit our fault, we assumed-” Excuses. Useless and empty. You’ll make sure they don’t make the same mistake again . Behind the droning words the staggering thuds of Kylo’s steps striked on his nerves, waves of irritation travelling up his spine, tension building in the nape of his neck. How is he still on his feet ? Disregarding the automated plea for forgiveness, expressionless, he extended a hand that forcefully wrapped itself in the loose fabric at the scruff of Kylo’s neck. The usually pristine white stripes glistened red in the fluorescent light, and with a hard, forceful tug the already keeled over figure toppled and fell the the floor at his feet. Face down, scrambling to try and recover, Kylo groaned and began to lift himself up, collapsed back to the floor, and cursed under his breath; pale, weak, curled into a ball, his face pressed against the smooth tile as unconsciousness began to overtake him after putting it off so long. “Get Lord Ren to the medbay,” stepping nonchalantly over Kylo’s debilitated body and splitting the group of officers in two, gliding between them, he cast a sidelong glance down to the floor tarnished by a fine trail of smeared, bloody footprints. “And clean up this horrid mess.” “Very well, Sir, but I was asked to inform you that your presence was requested in the medbay by Captain Phasma.” “Yes, of course. She wouldn’t have just left.” Directly, Hux strode to the medical bay, beds filled more than he’d ever had the pleasure of not having to see. Still, in all these beds, Phasma was nowhere to be seen. “Ah, General, there you are,” a metallic voice of one of the medical droids chimed. “Captain Phasma has just been taken to be attended to, we were uncertain of when you’d arrive. She did not sustain any major injuries-” Hux’s attention was drawn to the same commotion as the droid’s was. Kylo Ren, commander of the First Order and leader of the Knights of Ren, being carried in, limp as a doll, by a trooper whose chest plate resembled the snow in which Hux had found him. He looked down to his boot, the dried blood wrapped around his calf in a distinct handprint and smudged down from there. Curious, he touched over the stain on his sleeve, applying a small amount of pressure to where the same hand had bound his wrist similarly to his calf; his fingers flinched at the slightest application of pressure, the tip of his tongue pinched between his canine teeth subconsciously. Taking out his datapad and focusing on the screen, his feet carried him after the injured knight. Hux leaned against the wall, vaguely watching over the top of his screen. Completely unconscious now, Ren was laid out on the narrow bed. The droid examined the wound, scanning it quickly to process a course of action, then took up a pair of scissors and, starting with the tear on his shoulder, began to cut the layers away. Not wasting time with the irrelevancies, Hux kept his eyes steady on the glimpse of skin peeking out over the black covering. Tight cloth pulled away carefully, his adam’s apple trembled with a swallow underneath the translucent skin, distinct dark shapes surfacing over his windpipe that brought a curl to Hux’s lips. Imparted with the answer he was awaiting he took it in a moment longer, then went back to work, staying propped against the wall but no longer heeding the procedures. ------ “-don’t allow him… no matter how much insistence… take my leave… I’ve work to attend to.” Spinning around him his environment pervaded the vacuum he seemed to have been concealed in; first the familiar voice, fragmented but recognizable, then the lurching in the pit of his stomach accompanied by the unbearable dizziness. Eyelids heavy, he fought to get them open, only receiving small flashes of blurry light through the haze of his lashes. Disorientation coated his vision. Feeling as though he might vomit he heaved himself to his side, immediate regret followed. All at once the nerve endings throughout his entire body screamed, the pressure on his side from the weight of his body was excruciating. The final thing to return to him were his memories. All at once they flooded back, the haze cleared, the spinning ceased, his vision steadied, his bare fingertips flew up to his cheek. Soft cotton shielded the flesh that’d been seared by the blade of blue; the memory of the stench of scorched flesh momentarily overwhelmed his senses, leaving a bad taste in his dry mouth and a surge of hot anger running through his body. Every detail of the final moments of the battle for Starkiller played in his thoughts, each one brought along its lingering weight. I killed him, why did I fail? I killed him, why don’t I feel better ? Pulse quickening, muscles tensing, the pain that originated from his abdomen, his shoulder, his face - his throat, to his confusion - fed into a reborn energy that spread through his veins. Renewed by the pain, by the newest failure to haunt him, he forced himself up into a sitting position and swung his legs off the bed, grunting through clenched teeth. “Lord Ren, you mustn’t strain yourself so much, you’ve overworked your body enough. You must- the General asked that you not-” Kylo easily pushed the droid aside, still uneasy on his feet. “Well, the General ’s not here, is he?” he snapped in passing, “I’m not going far, I’ll come back, if he happens to return before I do he can come get me himself.” Shoulders arched down, fists tight at his sides, he dragged his heels along to the bathroom and slammed the door behind him. Palms taking his weight and balance against the lip of the sink, he leaned forward and examined the reflection staring back at him. If it was his own he did not recognize it, but that wasn’t a new phenomenon. The half of his face that wasn’t masked by the fresh cotton, or crudely placed tape, or his tangled hair, seemed to be made of wax, inhuman - disfigured. Shaking hands, as foreign as the cold, reflected eyes that he held, rose to his face and began to peel away the protective skin. Completely exposed, the separation between pale-grey and dark red was smooth and skillful, the affected area sunken into the otherwise unscathed skin. Following the trajectory of the wound in reverse, he watched it flare out from its smallest point, to its most noticeable base, when his attention was caught by a different discolouration. Purple as royalty. Hidden partially underneath his chin, distinct marks of dark purple and black stretched horizontally across his throat. Tilting to get a better view of it, apprehensive fingers trailed over his chin and down his esophagus, to the obvious pattern of a boot tread vivid on his delicate skin. He hadn’t remembered, not until now. I could kill you right here . Wisps of red on white paired with a demeaning gaze, a mocking hint at a smile. Another voice. General- Indistinguishable, a yell tore out of the knight’s bruised throat, in one, swift motion he swept everything off the counter to the floor. The mirror shattered in front of him, as he propped himself up again, from an apparent phantom impact. Panting heavily, knuckles white, Kylo Ren glared through the disheveled black hair that hung in his face to the shards of his distorted reflections; red scars on ghastly skin, rekindled black eyes, a mosaic of humiliation. How dare he . Notes: Daaamn Ishara, back at it again with the commas and adjectives.