Some say that getting shot is one of the most painful events a person can withstand. Had he been asked before this, Kylo Ren might have agreed with the statement. But now, with the dying Emperor cradled in his arms, his life force draining from his body, the First Knight knew it wasn't so. Seeing the bullet rip through Hu- Brendol's chest, the one thing Kylo had devoted his existence to, Kylo felt as if the same had happened to him, tenfold: arrows piercing his heart at precisely the same moment, branding him with a thought he never wanted to have. As he held the red-haired Emperor: his lover and King, Kylo broke, his heart aching with the knowledge that he'd never see the soft, secretive smiles, when Brendol thought that Kylo was distracted (he never truly was. As the Emperor's Knight, Kylo had a duty to protect), or hear his own name, whimpered out or said with such a commanding bite as they reclined amongst silken sheets, skin on skin. Kylo Ren, the First of the Knights of Ren had never imagined living without Emperor Brendol Hux, and now that it was reality, the pain burned his veins with the fire of an infinite number of suns, giving him a taste of true pain. Chapter 2 : Distraction Summary: This chapter is a gift for Juulna, who is super amazing and has helped me a ton with Aitan! <3 Enjoy some rather fluffy Reylux, dearie <3 <3 Distraction - Reylux; Kylo and Hux find Rey's natural curiosity the most endearing thing about her. It's short, but I find I'm better at short drabbles/ficlets than anything else T.T It was a rare day off for the General and the First Knight, and they spent it the best way they could: showing Rey, the relatively new addition to the First Order, around their flagship, and the General's pride and joy, The Finalizer. Currently, they watched in amusement as Rey scurried along the entirety of the massive, floor-to-ceiling windows of the empty bridge, her eyes bright with wonder as they drifted, watching the stars, clearer then they had ever been on Jakku. Hux smiled softly, a rare sight, and one meant only for them, and Kylo shifted to stand behind the smaller man, tugging him closer, resting his chin on Hux's shoulder. "She's cute when she's like this," the General mused, and Kylo nodded, chuckling lightly as he nuzzled the red-haired man's neck, nipping at the small sliver of exposed skin and pulling an unusually docile whine from the General's throat. Kylo smiled and laughed again, curling around his lover, watching them both. "I could say the same for you, Bren."