He always sat on that specific spot. Always. Every day when Ben Solo went to work, he sat down on this seat. But one day, there was a guy sitting on that seat - his spot. "Move," the dark haired man said. The other man just looked up at him. Damn. He's handsome. Too bad he's sitting on my spot. "I said move ," Ben repeated himself. "Why?" the other man finally said. "This is my spot." "I'm sitting here, hence this is my spot now." "Fine," Ben said, trying to suppress the urge to destroy everything in reach. Instead, he sat down - on the other man's lap. "What the fuck?!" the redhead yelled. Ben just ignored him for the rest of the drive. *** He knew that the new trainee teacher would start his traineeship that day, but it never occurred to him that the man on whose lap he sat that morning could be said trainee teacher. In hindsight, he should have at least thought of the possibility - the man who was now standing in front of him had been the only other adult passenger in the bus that morning. "Ben Solo. Nice to meet you," he said, trying to act like he didn't sit on the other man's lap a few minutes ago. "Brendol Hux." The redhead - Hux - stared at him as if he would kill Ben if it wasn't illegal. "We should go to the classroom," the taller man said after a few moments of silence. *** Ben expected Hux to be unfriendly, but he certainly didn't expect him to be that rude to children . It was his job to watch Hux's lessons. Some children started crying when the redhead yelled at them. He didn't even try to calm them down. Even if a child happened to have the right answer to a question, Hux never praised them. Ben felt bad for his students. After the lesson was over, some children went to Ben and told them how mean Mr. Hux was, that Ben should make him stop, that Ben should take over the lessons again. "I can't," he had to tell them. Of course, he tried to talk to Hux. "I'm just teaching them discipline," was all he said. *** That afternoon, he tried to avoid sitting near Hux in the bus, even if that meant sitting on another spot than usual. When he got home, he started writing a post for his blog. Man, his ten followers were going to love it. Nine followers , he corrected himself after looking at his follower count. shredded-ren I didn't think the new trainee teacher at the school I work at would be like that. An asshole. He yelled at the children and made them cry. He called it 'enforcing discipline'. I wouldn't call that discipline. I tried to talk to him but he didn't listen. I'm sure he is going to be willing to change his behavior as soon as the poor children fail their tests. But damn. This man is handsome . Somehow. Tags: #kylo ren talking #i hope he forgets about this thing that happened soon *** Why was he still following this loser? He was probably his only follower. Who calls himself 'Kylo Ren'? That's a lame name. General Hux was way better. That's why he had one hundred followers. He was famous. He tapped one of the symbols on his phone and started writing a new post. generalhux let's see whether these stupid children studied for their surprise test Tags: #i want to see the reaction of that one teacher when i give them their tests #maybe he won't look so damn cute then *** Turns out that Ben Solo looks even cuter when he's surprised. Fuck. Luckily, the children weren't as cute. "Who writes a test on the second day of school?" some of them whispered. Hux just smiled his ugly grin. It was full of spite. Ben thought this smile was hot, even though he knew he shouldn't be attracted to his trainee teacher. He should help him become a good teacher, not fuck him. But when did Ben Solo ever follow the rules? *** That night, Hux posted a picture of himself on his blog. Fuck, he read my incredibly awesome posts the whole time , Ben thought while staring at his phone. He'd never expected generalhux to be Brendol Hux, the trainee teacher. The only logical reaction was to reblog the post and add a picture of himself - shirtless. Yes. That will make him like me. It didn't make Hux like him. He still hated Ben Solo to the core, but he had to admit that the older man was handsome. When Leia saw the picture on her dashboard, she was surprised. Then she remembered that her son never had any friends and had no idea how to approach the person he liked. She clicked the heart symbol to like the post. *** Ben didn't think this night would end like this. At school, Hux 'invited' him to 'fight him this evening' after he criticized his teaching again . They did fight - kind of. They fought in Hux's house. In his bed. Without clothes. Notes: i'd like to thank whoever invented dict.cc for saving my ass