Luke and Han have the most energetic and ready-to-go 4 year old child they have ever met. Rey keeps them busy everyday, running away from them while they're try to give her baths, when they're trying to get her ready for going to Aunt Leia's house, when they try to get her ready for bed, she absolutely refuses to eat her vegetables, and even when they're out in public she likes to run away from them and cause a commotion that even a child harness can't fix on later trips. By the end of the day they're both exhausted and barely have any time to themselves and each other. Sometimes she'll even get out of her bed and wake both of her dads up just as they're falling asleep. On this day she was being particularly difficult getting ready for spending the day with her aunt. Previously they had made cookies for Leia as compensation for having her babysit Rey later, but the little girl thought that since she was technically going to have them later, then she should be able to have one now. But oh, was she wrong. Rey splashed Han with water and bubbles went flying everywhere, and when he was distracted she darted out of the bathroom covered in suds. Luke had to chase after her while Han cleaned up the spilled water, and after they were done dressing her and putting her hair up in her favorite triple-bun 'do (which was a feat in itself due to her whining and crying about the cookies), they threw each other disbelieving looks. They didn't know how they were going to teach her that acting out like this isn't acceptable. They've tried as much as their tired brains could but they still can't figure out a better way to teach her to behave and be patient. They pulled up into Leia's driveway, Rey pouting in her car seat while delivering a death glare at Luke- who was holding the container of cookies in the passenger's seat. "C'mon princess," Han started as he unfastened his daughter's car seat belt, "It's not like you were banned from the cookies, all you needed to do was wait, that's all. You're going to get your cookies soon." He pulled her and a bag of toys out of the car and perched her at his side, nudging the car door shut. The family made their way to the front door and after they knocked, Leia greeted them and allowed Rey to run on into the house while she stayed in the door way. Leia looked them over. "You two look dead, is she really becoming that big of a troublemaker?" She chuckled. "Oh you don't know the half of it!" Luke groaned, "She refuses to sleep when we tell her to, so we barely get any sleep at all! And even this morning we had the worst time trying to get her ready..." "And honestly," Han started, "We're running out of ideas on how to teach her that she isn't behaving nicely. And we refuse to spank her, that just does more harm than good." Leia thought for a second. "Maybe I can get to her somehow?" Leia said looking at the two of them, leaning on the frame of the door. "Maybe a talk with her from me will help her to understand... In the mean time I need to go keep an eye on her now! Go and enjoy yourselves tonight, you both really deserve it!" They thanked her heavily and got into their car. Han squeezed Luke's hand and they both drove off into the late afternoon, hoping that things go well between Rey and Leia. ~*~ When they went to pick her up she was unusually well behaved. She said good-bye to her aunt without any trouble, even though every time before that she would cry and scream. On the ride home she wasn't babbling on and on as usual. Instead she was quietly looking up into the sky from her backseat window, the stars reflecting in her big, beautiful eyes. By the time they got to their cozy neighborhood house, she was already asleep. They took her to her room and dressed her in her jammies, and then gently tucked her in. "I don't know how, but your sister really did the trick." Han whispered, pulling Luke close to him by the waist. They stood over their peaceful sleeping daughter and looked at her with fatherly affection. Even though they had their ups and downs, they really loved their daughter. And although her energy is always bouncing around the place, it keeps them on their toes. They truly are grateful for their little princess. Luke sighed and bent down to give Rey a kiss on her small forehead. They turned out her light and softly closed her door, a blue nightlight shining protectively in the corner. Luke and Han climbed into bed together, almost excited that they might get a full nights' rest that night. Luke settles in next to Han and wraps his arms around his waist, giving his husband a big kiss. They kissed for a few more minutes, Han's strong arms pulling Luke on top of him causing him to smile into their kisses. They were in a peaceful paradise until- "Daddy?" They heard a small voice from all the way across the room. Han let out a huff as Luke broke the kiss, quickly turning his head to the door way. There stood little Rey, with her spaceship blankey and cute pajamas. "What is it, princess?" Han asks her, trying to not get frustrated that she hasn't stopped visiting them in the middle of the night. The little girl made her way to their bed and climbed up with some help from Luke. She threw her arms around his neck and the action astonished him. "Honey, what is it? Did you have a nightmare?" He asks worriedly. She shook her head and pulled away to look at both of her dads. Her bottom lip started to quiver. "Oh honey, it's ok you can tell us!" She hesitated and then burst out crying. "I'm sowwy!!" Luke and Han looked at her in shock. "Aunty Leia says I haven't been being vewwy nice I'm sowwy..." Tears streamed down her baby cheeks and Luke wiped them away with a thumb. "Aw baby don't cry," Han said softly, "You're still learning and growing, and you didn't know better it's ok. And to be honest your dads probably weren't dealing with this the proper way anyway." Luke chuckled and it made Rey giggle. "We love you, Rey," Han said with a soft smile. "I love you too!! Both of you!!" Rey exclaimed, throwing her arms around them excitedly. Luke made an "Oof!" sound at the sudden impact and for the rest of the night she slept in between them, their arms secure around her and cheeks pressed to her shoulders. Raising kids was never said to be easy, but hell was it worth it.