hux doesn't know how he ended up as the staple of this place but he's not about to complain. it's in a side section of a wide room, across from the strippers and lap dancers and prostitutes, smeared in neon pink lighting that illuminates them all for a few brief seconds. here, in the bowels of the city, the inhabitants come to fuck and get fucked. their entire bodies are glowing pink, as if their lust has soaked their skin and eyes and hair and clothes - or lack thereof - through. hux doesn't discriminate when it comes to patrons; male, female, no gender, both genders, alien, human - it makes no difference to him as long as he can get them off and earn his food for the week. the cock in his mouth is probably the sixth or seventh of that night so far; he lost track around the fourth. the pink fluff against his palms is soft and sticky and the collar around his neck is tugging on the chain as it rubs his skin raw. there's going to be a red halo around his neck tomorrow. ("gag reflex," is on a siren-like loop in his mind but this loop blurs out actually remembering to control his gag reflex.) he doesn't remember what species this one is. judging from the colour and taste, it's a twi'lek. the box smells like being surrounded by sweat and incense. candles and acid. hux can translate the graffiti on the inside of the box (bitch. whore. cumslut.) and judging by the prod of a marker behind him somebody's writing those exact words on his thighs now. he winces as he feels someone slap his ass, squeezing it, bunching his legs up so he's not in the way. the music in this place is pounding into his brain, hammering it flat. his wrist hurts from the handjob he's giving on the other side of the box at the same time and his back is touching the top of the box as a dull ache sets in to his neck and jaw like mold, permeating through his body as some guy grabs his hips and shoves inside him. hux yelps from shock, cringing as the guy in his mouth suddenly comes with an appreciative moan. hux swallows it and wipes a finger across his tongue, looking at the neon blue liquid as his mouth hangs open a little. he's shaking from the overstimulation as whoever's behind him keeps hitting his prostate like a fucking target and he's gonna cum, he's gonna cum, he's gonna fucking-- hux's mouth drops open as the guy behind him does... something to his dick. tightens something around it, like a cock ring, and hux has suddenly never been this alert in his life as everything in his brain snaps forwards like a greyhound being released on a track. force user. of course . there's too many people grabbing at him but it doesn't matter now because he's riding a high. someone else's dick comes through and he takes it into his mouth eagerly, red hair stabbing into his eyes. he can hear everyone talking outside but it's all canceled out because the guy behind him has the softest fucking voice and hux's eyes close from the way it sounds, legs trembling. someone's hand is around his dick. "pretty little thing-- pretty little fuck ," and his stomach lurches. "so fucking wet and tight and mine, all mine. you're mine right?" hux nods, sexstupid. "want me inside you, right? like this? want me to open you right up, push inside of you, fuck you so hard you're gonna be begging for me days afterwards-- course you fucking do. whore." hux has crashlanded and is in the middle of a plane wreckage, fires burning around him to sear his flesh open. he feels like the 1% in this situation, a rabbit being torn apart by a pack of wolves. he pictures himself ripped open, congealing fresh blood swept over flayed layers of skin like warpaint as sand grits in, his intestines hanging up in ropes over palm trees like streamers. he wants this guy to shred him to pieces. (there's the familiar chant of "blow! blow! blow! blow!" outside the box, speeding up as the guy in front of him begins to fuck his face, smashing into his jaw. hux hears someone say "earn those fucking rations, slut!" and he licks up against the tattooed shaft of the dathomirian lasciviously, his eyes glittering a little from happiness. maybe those aphrodisiacs are finally kicking in.) the guy-behind-him's voice is breaking up like static as he nears his climax, spit leaking over his hissing like water from a spring. he's inside him real good, real deep. "bet i'm your first, aren't i, babygirl?" he cackles, brief and short. "you like my cock inside you? like how big it is? shit, you're so tiny, you're nearly too tight for me. gonna fill you up, make you scream, make you beg, make - you - fucking - goddamn -" his voice breaks off into a whine at the end. fucking smartass motherfucker piece-of-shit asshole knowitall. hux's favourite type of client. there's a pause, and hux whinges and stutters as his mouth suddenly fills with a familiar salty-sweet taste. dathomirian cum was practically a fucking delicacy. it mingles with whatever the hell else he'd swallowed that night as he opens his mouth a little, letting it drip down his chin and onto the carpet as his head hangs down, arms shaking. his entire body is streaked in different colours, his face sprayed with it, his hair syrupy from it. there's marker pen on his thighs and bites on his hips and his ass feels so fucking sore . he pants deliriously, his eyelids fluttering. hux hears the guy sigh, pull out of him, and he knows from the thick sticky feeling inside that there's the cum of half a galaxy dripping down his thighs right now. he doesn't say anything, the chatter outside his box filtering away as one by one, everybody leaves, a few claps and whoops and cheers echoing. the only sound in the room is a shuffling, clothes being put back on, clicking and throat-clearing and tutting from the guy. the door hisses as an employee enters, bringing in the sound of laughter and music. "master ren. did you enjoy your time here?" "can i buy this one?" and hux know that he is this one. the guy's voice sounds different. mellower, calmer, softer. "i can pay you as much as you desire." "we're sorry, master ren, but he's not for sale. you're welcome to come and visit him any time you please. we take reservations for clients." hux can hear the smile in his voice when he says, "thank you. i'll keep that in mind." "very good, master ren," the employee says, and the two exit, the door hissing shut behind them and hux is alone again. he pulls himself off the floor, unchaining himself as he sits up, wondering if this 'master ren' guy will ever come back. oh well. it's hardly as if they're going to run out of uses for him. after all - there's a rathtar pit downstairs.