Someone is getting married. Or graduating. Or getting an award. Or having a baby. Or getting awarded for graduating baby school with their spouse. Or something else that adults seem to think has to be celebrated. Ben doesn’t like the adult version of a party , because it’s really dull for most of the time. He gets dressed up nice and smart (and his collar itches and he wants to tug it loose and he doesn’t like shiny shoes because they scuff and then his Mom leans down to lick her thumb and rub them clean and it’s embarrassing ) and then he has to stand with his Mom and his Dad and people ruffle his hair and tell him how he’s growing so fast and he knows most of them, but not all of them, and it’s just so dull . He has to remember everyone’s names, and that’s hard, and he has to listen to the same thing over and over and he doesn’t know how Mom keeps herself from going mad. He doesn’t get to go to too many parties of his own in comparison, because Mom and Dad know everyone who is alive, and he just knows a few people from his classes wherever they stay for more than a few weeks. Sometimes it’s longer, but it is never long enough. Ben wishes he could stay put properly, because all these stories about the Falcon and deep space and adventures and heroes and fighting and stuff is cool, but when you don’t have your own friend to chase down the bad guys with… it’s kinda lonely. His Dad tries hard, and so does Uncle Chewie, but it’s just… it’s hard. It’s hard watching everyone else know one another, and forever trying to say hi and it’s like each and every time he reaches out like this it is a sip taken from a cup inside and sometimes he feels like his cup is running drier. He wonders if it means he has a limit of hellos left inside of him, and when he runs out he won’t be able to make any more attempts at friendship, because he’ll be too afraid or something, and then he’s being ridiculous again and he tells himself to stop. The parties he does get invited to, he worries he’s only there because if he wasn’t his Mom might get mad. But he doesn’t tell her this, and he turns up with the present under his arm and he eats the cake and icecream and jello, and he dances either too vigorously or not vigorously at all, and he deliberately plays the games badly so no one thinks he’s cheating with the Force. It’s not fun when they think he’s cheating. And it’s hard to make himself look normal, sometimes. Someone ruffles his hair again (and he hates that, hates that they think his hair is their property, somehow, just because he’s shorter than they are, and he bites his lip and accepts it - no - tolerates it - and lets their words wash over him on the way to his parents, who the person is really here to see). He sighs, a sigh that’s too heavy for someone as young as him, and he wonders when he’ll be allowed to wander off again. He normally finds the speakers and sits on top of them, liking the way the thudthudthud fills up inside his chest and drowns out the mindless, boring, adult stuff everyone is talking about and thinking too loudly. It also makes his heart go faster, and he likes that. It’s sort of like when the Falcon does quick turns, but it keeps on going and there’s music, too. He’s so busy daydreaming about being let go that he doesn’t notice the hand thrown out towards him for a moment, and it takes a gentle check of a hip against his head to make him come back to the here and now. A small hand, held out at mostly his height. Someone roughly his age, and a little taller. Ben stares again, and then realises he’s being rude, and he holds out his own hand. He’s sure his grip is weak , because if he isn’t focussing hard enough on it, he doesn’t put much stock into things like handshakes. The boy’s grip on his is sure, and the smile that graces his lips lights up his whole face. “Hi,” he says. “I’m Poe.” “…B-ben,” he mutters, and wonders when he’ll get his hand back. “I know,” Poe says, and then lets go of him. “My Mom and Dad know your Mom and Dad.” Everyone knew his Mom and Dad . That makes Ben stiffen, a little, and he sees how that makes Poe confused. Oh, yes. He’s supposed to be the picture of genteel politeness. He smiles back, but it doesn’t quite click inside. Poe is watching him, something like concern for a moment, and then he looks up at his mother. “Mom… can Ben and I go play?” Go play. What are they, three? “Sure, sweetie,” Poe’s mother says. “If that’s okay with you?” “Do the kid the world of good,” his own father says, not as subtly as he likes to think. “Of course it’s okay. Ben, Poe, you go have fun,” his mother agrees, and nods out towards the solid, wooden parquet flooring. Later, the adults might dance there, and that means bright lights and sometimes (if they’re lucky) smoke to go with the sounds. Ben likes it when they have lights and smoke, because he can imagine creatures swirling in the mists, and because the lights - if the party is good - flicker in sync with the vibrations and it’s something he can fully lose himself inside. Ben isn’t going to linger long enough to let them revoke his freedom , so he mumbles a thank you and then he and Poe are moving away and thank the Maker it means he can finally tug properly at his collar without getting his hand gently tapped. “You looked like you were bored,” Poe says, as he finds the edge of the little stage at the front of the reception room, and jumps up onto it. His short legs wiggle over the end, and his head tilts to one side. “You don’t have to talk to me, when they stop watching us. I just wanted to help you out.” That makes Ben pause, and his fingers are still digging between starched white fabric and his throat. “…thanks.” He considers for a moment, before adding: “I have to say hi to everyone. I don’t know why. It’s not like they really care what I have to say. They just wanna be polite cause I’m Mom’s son.” “Well, maybe. Or maybe they want to say hi to you?” Ben snorts. Hardly likely. He’s just a boy . Who would want to talk to him? He can’t hold his own in their adult conversations, and he normally wanders off somewhere in his own head. The silence falls back between them, reminding Ben that this is likely why he doesn’t have many friends of his own. He has an unfortunate habit of shutting down conversations, without meaning to. And not knowing what to say next, to move things along. “This is my first party. I mean, grown up party.” Poe says this with a little shyness, a little… openness. That makes Ben confused. He can feel a sudden little flare of - very, very quiet - self-consciousness. Which looks weird on Poe. Ben has only just met him, but he already somehow knows that Poe’s bouncy, bright charm is a permanent fixture. “You haven’t missed out on much.” “Really?” Ben nods. He tilts his head towards a long chain of tables pushed together. “That’s probably the best thing. They put food all over there. And you stand in a line or push elbows to get tiny sandwich things and then cake. They tend to all sit at tables most of the time, getting loud, and then they might dance. Sometimes people make speeches.” “Well, you’ve been to plenty, so I guess it’s all the same for you. But this is my first, so I’m gonna try to have fun,” Poe insists. “Maybe you’ll like it more. I just…” Ben bites his lip. “It’s boring.” “Because you don’t have anyone to talk to?” People don’t normally talk to him for long, anyway, Ben thinks. That pushing-away combined with the family thing. “I guess.” “Well, you got me to talk to, now! And we can dance.” Boys don’t dance , Ben thinks, before he can stop himself. But more it was increasingly, instead, I don’t dance . He was becoming more and more aware of his frame, of the space he occupied in the galaxy. Of eyes on him, and attention he would rather not draw to himself. “I usually sit on the speakers.” “Why?” “I… like to feel the song.” “You could feel the song dancing, too!” Poe is, for some reason, determined. “I could show you?” Ben looks up at Poe. Poe is a bit older, but not much, and Ben already feels like he’s seen ten years more than Poe has. Maybe he’s been around adults too long, or maybe he’s just not really good at being a kid. Poe looks so interested in everything, and his smile is wide and should be infectious , but Ben fights letting it move onto his own face. He’s all hair that would be better ruffled in his place, and bright eyes, and a weird sort of bubbly light that surrounds him in Ben’s mind. And he’s already telling Poe more than he’d tell anyone, normally. It’s weird, but he feels like… feels like maybe he could do that. Could tell him how he spent years convinced Admiral Ackbar would eat him if he was naughty, or how he once ate so many pieces of cake he had to go to the bathroom and be sick. Or how parties annoy him so much because he’s always too tired by the end, but he doesn’t want to say it in case it means they make him go to bed. And how he’s not sure why he still insists on coming. He’s never understood it, but he just doesn’t like his mother being too far away from him, for too long. He feels safer with her around. The music starts up, and some women who have clearly been drinking that stuff his Dad likes are screeching their way onto the wooden floor, dancing and hugging and so happy to be around one another. Poe jumps down from the stage, and tosses his head over his shoulder. “We can do it in the corner. No one watches us, there.” Ben shouldn’t. He does anyway. After all, it’s just dancing , and he used to love to dance. So maybe it’s okay if he doesn’t do it on his own, this time. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 9 of the The Pilot and his Knight series Next Work →