Mysterious Ways Summary: In the first months of Starkiller’s construction, Hux and Kylo have copious amounts of (objectively) bad sex. Kylo is careless, and Hux gets his first opportunity to learn history the Order has censored. Hux’s defection is nearly thwarted. But Anakin finally gets the chance to lend his grandson a little perspective. Hux rubbed his elbow; even the C.O.’s bed was too small for two people this tall. “Sorry.” Kylo had done nothing to apologize for. He stopped rubbing his elbow. “No need. I just wasn’t looking.” “Should I go?” This was so wildly improper that Kylo strutting out of his bedroom in the middle of the alpha shift would hardly matter. The Finalizer’s crew probably heard it all. Moreover, Kylo was a furnace and slick with sweat. But if Kylo remained, they could have a go at another round later. “Stay.” Kylo bit his lower lip but relaxed. The things they had done with that mouth. He’d never had anyone do that before; it must be a decadent dark side thing. Kylo wrapping his plush mouth around his cock had been the most brilliant experience. The kissing with tongue had been intense too. Most of his previous conquests didn’t even kiss closed mouth. “Your pet's staring at me.” Kylo was in her spot since his head was on Hux’s chest. He’d been playing with Kylo’s soft dark hair too and Millicent was indeed staring. Hux was firm with her. “Millicent, this is Kylo. Don’t be difficult. You can sleep on the pillow.” She was swishing her tail, but he never let her share it while he slept. She accepted, curled up by his ear and licked his hair. The three were soon asleep. Kylo’s first time had been a success. Hux hadn’t said a word when he came with a couple of strokes and on Hux’s coat too. It’d been years since he read that manual, but there had been something about no teeth. He only made a few slips, though he almost choked when Hux came. Hux’s come ended on his calf when he moved away. He hadn’t slept so well in years. And the creature which somewhat matched Hux’s hair was pleasant. Hux’s mother’s assignment was charting the deeper Unknown Regions; she probably got it from a wild planet. Hux wouldn’t break the rules unless it was special. It was gone when they woke, luckily. He couldn’t have stayed hard with it watching. Hux was stroking him, and he changed the rhythm or grip at random, first a little loose then sort of floppy. It had to be technique. Hux had a string of flings. Most men in the Order who went for that sort of thing wanted Hux. Kylo had shuddered the time a gnarled grand admiral, at some Order commemoration, had pinched Hux and asked if the rug matched the drapes. They did. He came without Force-pushing Hux into the wall, like he had before they fell asleep. Maybe he could return the favor with the Force. It shouldn’t be difficult to use it as an extra hand. Hux was ticklish and kept laughing. So he gave up the experiment and imitated Hux’s moves instead. Hux had to have Kylo completely undress if he had another opportunity. Kylo’s wide shoulders were so distracting and his chest was so firm. He invited Kylo to his quarters to enjoy an opera holorecording from the Empire era. It was a perfect cover for any loud screaming. Kylo asked him to bring it to his quarters instead. Kylo was glorious naked; he was sculpted, well-muscled, thick, and a delight all over. He would lick Kylo’s arms, Kylo’s everything, even the sweet moles and freckles on his pale skin. His feet were nice. Kylo hunched his shoulders and lowered his head, looking down. Hux couldn’t sustain his erection. “Kylo, can we, uh, move elsewhere? That thing is going to give me nightmares.” Darth Vader’s grotesque helmet, with bits of the skull of Kylo’s grandfather’s still in it, was on prominent display. This perfectly illustrated why he had avoided the unstable mystic in the first place. Kylo straightened and glowered at him. “‘That thing’ is my grandfather, and I don’t want to get naked in front of your Millicent.” Kylo reached for his clothes. That was unacceptable. Hux's mother had once told Hux, after a few cups of emerald wine, “Never let your prick near crazy, darling, it’s contagious.” But she didn’t take her own advice; she had married his father and had him. Crazy had enduring appeal. “How about we just cover it with a coat or something?” He rose from the bed and grasped Kylo’s shoulder. Perhaps Kylo hadn’t expected him to yield. If so, Kylo had no idea how appealing he was. He would attempt to keep it that way. Kylo dropped the clothes and looked at him. “Okay … will that help?” As long as he looked at Kylo’s full lips, he’d have no trouble. “Yes, just can you … ” He wouldn’t look that way. Kylo threw a black cloth on the thing. They were kissing, and it was better than last time since their teeth clacked less. This must be why people had sex with the same person more than once. He hadn’t tried it since his Academy days. He pushed Kylo onto his back. Kylo’s skin was hot and his arms weren’t the only delectable bits. Every centimeter of skin was scrumptious. He kissed, licked and bit everywhere he reached. Semen in the eye hurt. Fortunately, Kylo's medkit was thorough. By the time he flushed it out in the refresher, he was more irritated than aroused. Kylo, face flushed, stood outside the door. “I am so sorry about … I did not mean to do that.” He huffed. “You could’ve warned me.” “It was so good, I didn’t … ” Kylo was still naked and the bite marks on his thighs were distracting. “Let me make it up to you?” “Fine.” He certainly was going to let Kylo try. His cock was optimistic. Kylo arching his back, feet planted wide, and panting for him had been a stunning display. Hux sat on the bed, and Kylo kneeled. The eye incident was forgiven. Kylo licked messily along the vein on his cock. He pulled hard on Kylo’s hair without meaning to. Kylo hadn’t done that yesterday or moaned as long and loudly either. Kylo ventured another lick. “Oh, slow, yes, just like that.” He kept his hand in Kylo’s hair, and he pulled or petted it whenever Kylo did something inspired or needed to focus. He pulled Kylo’s head back when he was about to come, and it landed on his collarbone. It was an alluring look. He smiled and leaned forward to kiss Kylo. “You’re going to be gorgeous on my cock. I’m going to take you to pieces.” He tugged Kylo to straddle his lap, massaging the back of his thighs and ass. Riding Kylo was going to be bliss. He gripped Kylo's waist tighter and grasped Kylo’s cock. “Yes ... please.” Kylo had recovered while using his mouth on Hux. He was sliding his hand up and down when Kylo’s hand wrapped around his. He matched Kylo’s grip and movement with precision. Kylo let go. “Don’t stop, don’t … ” Kylo wasn’t even babbling Basic after a while, moaning and panting louder. The opera playing at full volume was useful; Kylo came with a shout. It could have been heard in the corridor. Kylo’s come coated both their fronts. It was inadequate, but Hux snatched a discarded sock and cleaned them as best he could. Kylo had tucked his face into his neck. “Can you stay?” He shouldn’t stay. “Yes.” This should not become a habit. Kylo asked, “What’s your first name?” He had closed his eyes already.“You really want to know?” It wasn’t a hideous secret, but it was a hideous name. “I know you know mine.” Kylo’s story shocked even the Order. “Well, nothing so significant for me. My name is Sheev.” Kylo grimaced. “Oh. There’s no way I’m calling you that, much less when we’re ... uh, doing this.” “Damn well better not. I’m not sure I could keep going if you did.” Kylo nodded. Hux set the alarm on his comm unit. Kylo should overcome this infatuation. Hux might try to kill him and would definitely try to use him. Unlike others, Hux was worth the risk. So he had arrived at Hux’s door with a fine bottle of Abrax cognac. Hux had scoffed but kissed him. Kylo's attempt at seduction had been transparent. Kylo didn’t have Hux’s experience to rely on, and he couldn’t have such a humiliating info search on his Order records. And he had been a teenager the last time he’d had anyone he could speak to about sex. It’d been mostly about consent, puberty, and self-exploration. Damned useless, like always. He had been lucky so far, but he probably couldn’t fake experience for more. He was going to try using his fingers. He snatched a tube of medical lubricant since the medbay staff was used to him helping himself to their supplies. It had taken entirely too long to adjust to one finger. Yet he did come with it inside while stroking himself. Hux’s erect cock was substantially thicker and longer than his finger though. That cock was also attached to someone who wanted to leave him sore and marked. And he would let him. It had been years since he’d pursued anything which the Supreme Leader had not commanded. When Hux commed him, he assured Kylo that Millicent was confined to his refresher. Grandfather’s helmet and the other thing had almost ruined the last time. Maybe he should look into a discreet, respectful container for it. “Sheev, good evening.” Kylo tried to keep a straight face. “I will turn you out right now, Ren.” Hux was so sensitive about his name. “Sorry. I couldn’t help myself. Let me make it up to you?” It had been unkind of Hux’s parents. The Emperor had never permitted the use of that name in public. It had been privileged information for a reason. Hux returned his smile, wicked and sure, then grabbed the back of his head and kissed him. “Let’s get these off then.” Kylo was lying face down, propped on his elbows. Hux pressed his mouth to every bit of him, without interruptions this time. Hux carded a hand through his hair, promising more. He would never be over Hux if it continued like this. The squirt of gel onto his lower back was icy. He yelped. “What?” Hux had stopped. He turned his head to answer, “Cold!” “Oh, sorry.” Hux squirted more onto his fingers and rubbed it between them. They were kissing when Hux pushed two fingers into him. He gasped. His cock started to wilt. It stung, burned, and the stretch was raw. Hux jabbed his fingers in deeper. He kissed Hux and concentrated on keeping his breath calm, even with the aching pressure. It would get better later. “It’s been awhile then? You’re rather tight.” Hux scissored his fingers inside him. He nodded. Hux pulled his fingers out, wrung out more gel, and warmed it. Then Hux coated his cock, and his fingers slicked up Kylo more. Hux straddled him and held his hips, pressing him down. “Ready?” He nodded again and focused on his breath. He wasn’t going to cry out and ruin this. Hux’s cock scorched, bruised, and battered his insides. Hux pulled him onto his hands and knees, holding his hips. “You’re so good … Come on, Kylo. Spread a little for me, I’m barely in. You’re so tight. Please, please ... ” That had to be a lie. Hux couldn’t get in any deeper. He spread his legs and held still, braced against the bed. He’d been wrong. Hux could definitely shove his cock in much deeper. At first, he touched himself, but when his focus drifted away from calming his breath, he clenched and provoked brutal thrusting. He stopped and tried to stay as loose as possible. Hux grounded his cock into him, and yanked his hips to keep his ass flush with Hux. Hux pulled out only a centimeter before he rammed his cock in again and again, hammering into Kylo. Hux was relentless, and his stamina didn’t wane. The harsh pace didn’t ease. The pounding lasted until, finally, with vicious thrusts, Hux groaned loudly, satisfied, and came inside him. Hux lay on top of him, kissing and caressing him. He hadn’t pulled out yet when his cock twitched with interest, and he gave a tentative thrust. They couldn’t go for a second time, not right away. He pushed Hux off. Hux landed on the floor. “Ow.” He glared at Kylo. “You could’ve just said.” “Didn’t mean to push you that hard.” He hadn’t even used the Force. “Fine.” Hux stood and fetched a damp washcloth cloth to clean Kylo and placed a small kiss on his nape. “Mind if I let her out now?” “No … you want me to stay?” Hux kissed him and smoothed his hair in response, pleased with him. It was easy to fall asleep, routine. Hux lay back with a hand on Kylo’s shoulder while he rested his head on Hux’s chest. And Hux’s pet lay next to them, purring rhythmically. Hux had lost all restraint when he'd driven his cock into the constricting fever-heat of Kylo’s body. It'd been the most savage and longest fuck of his life. He'd been watching his cock as it breached Kylo when he was overcome by the filthy delight of fucking General Organa’s child, Vader’s legacy, on his hands and knees, like a common whore. He had begged Kylo to spread for him, and Kylo had taken it beautifully. His cock had sank into that taut, slick warmth, and he'd meant to bruise. Kylo was going to feel it for days. Hux would've saved the security holos, if he hadn’t turned off the surveillance. If Kylo had given him time to recover before hurling him off to the floor, he would've fucked him through the mattress again. He wasn’t a newly minted officer anymore, but he would’ve expended the effort. Though it was a shame Kylo had been so quiet while Hux fucked him. Kylo had been boisterous and flinging items about with the Force before. Maybe next time. Kylo’s favorite thing, so far, had been Hux using his mouth on him. And he was going to come first this time. He wasn’t going to let Hux skip his orgasm, like last time. It was only fair. Though he would be careful to warn Hux. It’d probably make getting fucked easier too, if he was more relaxed. Hux was barefoot, in uniform sleep clothes, and his hair was freshly washed. Kylo pinned him to the door, ran his hands through the bright hair and got him naked. He would carry Hux to bed, but Hux wouldn’t appreciate the assault on his dignity. “I’m going to come first, with your mouth.” Kylo made that clear. “Yes, yes, certainly.” Hux helped him undress, cursing Kylo's uniform under his breath, and sank to his knees. Hux lapped at his cock while massaging his sack. That was new. Kylo groaned. He had enjoyed Hux pulling his hair. But Hux caught his wrist and shook his head with a muffled denial. He leaned back and watched Hux instead. Hux bobbed his head sucking on the head of his cock and licked him sloppily all around. The slurping noises were obscene. He caressed the shaft, pumping it. Hux didn’t stop moving his free hand, fondling and caressing every bit of skin he reached. Hux looked up every so often, and his eyelashes were so fair. He almost missed his cue again. “Hux, Hux, I’m going ... move” He moaned. He put a hand on Hux’s shoulder to push him away. But Hux looked into his eyes and sucked in harder. He cried out when he came and Hux swallowed. He watched Hux relax his throat, not a drop spilled. It was fascinating. Hux was nuzzling his thighs while fumbling in their clothes for the tube. Then Hux slicked two fingers and pushed them into Kylo. Kylo flinched then made himself still. “Um, bed?” He still ached, but he was going to be eager for Hux. Hux pulled his fingers out and tugged Kylo to the floor. Hux was stiff and leaking pre-come. “Here’s fine.” Kylo licked into his mouth and tasted himself while Hux fingered him. Kylo's orgasm had relaxed him, and he spread his knees a little wider. Hux pulled his fingers out a short while later and put a hand on his hip. “Fine?” “Okay.” Kylo got on his hands and knees. Hux slicked him up generously, lined up and shoved his cock in. Kylo stifled a whimper. Hux held his hips and withdrew slowly, until Kylo could only feel the very tip. Then Hux pushed it in centimeter by centimeter to the hilt. Hux slid from the hilt to the tip in an unhurried rhythm. Hux pulled on Kylo's thigh to spread him wider and grabbed his hair, pulling him up. “You take it so well.” Kylo nodded. The angle was different, sharper. Hux withdrew his cock to the tip and pushed it in to the hilt at a grueling pace. From tip to hilt each time, Hux slammed in his cock over and over. Kylo took the vigorous thrusting and kept his hand on his cock. He ignored the twinge when he tensed and rubbed himself raw to stay hard. Hux pulled him close with a bruising grip on his hips, and pushed his shoulders down to the floor. Then Hux ground his cock into him and changed to short, hard jabs. Hux grunted in sync with his thrusts until he was finished. Kylo would've been done, but Hux lay beside him and stroked him until he came while nuzzling his neck. They relocated to the bed and fell asleep together afterwards, again. Hux was on mandatory leave this cycle. He was monitored for exhaustion since his collapse at the Academy. That was humiliating, even years later. He woke before Kylo, who was wrapped around and mostly lying on top of him. If this arrangement was going to continue, he should speak to Kylo about it. The impact on the operation of the Finalizer must be none. Kylo had used his ‘Ren’ voice, throaty and arrogant, to command him, and he’d complied without pause or shame. He couldn’t permit that in their working relationship, but he could keep ‘Kylo’ and ‘Ren’ separate. Kylo must as well. He didn't wait for Kylo to wake any longer and squirmed out of his grasping arms. Kylo touched him constantly when they were together, but Hux was still unaccustomed to so much contact. He performed his waking routine, though he refrained from putting on his shoes and coat when he dressed. He sat at his desk with a cup of tea answering personal messages since Medical restricted his credentials on leave cycles. Millicent had already left to explore the sections of the ship she was allowed. “What are you doing over there?” Kylo squinted at him from the bed. His ears were unsightly and so was his clinginess. Sex gentled Kylo, who was a menace and commonly crackled with violence. “Enjoying a cup of tea.” “Oh … okay.” Kylo yawned, stood, stretched, and padded naked to the refresher. The view was outstanding. Hux became engrossed in the drafts of the next-gen TIEs circulating among the Order, which were not his assignment, so it wasn’t work. Kylo draped his arms around him and nibbled his neck. “Come back to bed.” He let Kylo pull him to bed and undress him. “Free?” They really should have that conversation, but Kylo wouldn’t be amenable to it at the moment anyway. “Uh huh.” Kylo didn’t have formal duties on the Finalizer , but he assisted in their campaigns when necessary, and he had his own missions. Hence it was rare good fortune they were both off-duty. They brought each other to climax in quick succession with their hands. Kylo then ordered a meal on his comm unit delivered there. It was the sort of thoughtless act that provoked gossip. “Well, clearly, you don’t care if our involvement becomes common knowledge.”Hux wasn’t postponing it further. “Should I?” Kylo lay back, carefree. “It would be nice to preserve a modicum of professionalism.” Hux pressed his lips thinly. And it seemed less likely with every passing moment. “I’m not going to pounce on you on the bridge, Hux. I’ll keep calling you General when you’re in uniform.” That was probably the best he would get. Hux consciously exhaled. “Fine. I’ll do my utmost to remain professional as well.” “It couldn’t be a secret, and trying would make it suspicious. Just act normal. It’ll be fine.” “Yes, all right.” They ate in companionable silence at his desk. He had dressed, but Kylo was naked. Fortunately, the automated delivery cart had been the only witness. Sleep would be fantastic, but Kylo was ready for another round. It had to be the Force. That much energy couldn’t be natural. Kylo moved to the bed, and he followed. Sex on the floor had seemed sexy, but it had been awful on his knees. He was naked and getting mauled by Kylo the next moment. “Can I be inside you this time?” Kylo hesitated over the awkward phrasing. It was an improvement on “bend over”. “Um, sure.” He should reciprocate. Kylo had indulged him in kind. Kylo’s sunny smile was incongruous on his face, yet charming. The peck on the lips was sweet. Though the brazen manner Kylo slid down to trail bite marks along his hipbone belied the sweetness. He slipped his hand into Kylo’s hair, and Kylo hummed in approval. The tube was one of the floating small items. Kylo snatched it out of the air. “I absolutely do that on purpose.” Hux guffawed. “Of course you do.” Kylo sidetracked him by nipping and sucking on his lips. He had one of Kylo’s thick, long, and clever fingers stretching him at last. Kylo was intent on driving him mad. This measured and cautious preparation was unnecessary. But he couldn’t complain and make embarrassing noises simultaneously. Was Kylo going to make him beg? Kylo pulled his fingers out. “Um, so can you … can we do this with you in my lap?” He stood and sat in Kylo’s lap. “No, I meant, like this. Facing me” Kylo grasped his waist and turned him around. Kylo occupied an unacceptable amount of his personal space in this position. Hux pushed Kylo onto his back. “Is this like what you wanted?” Kylo nodded with zeal. “Move your legs up here.” He kneeled, straddling Kylo’s hips. Kylo had coated his cock well already and was rubbing little circles on Hux’s knees. He’d never done this facing his partner before, and Kylo didn't look away. Kylo’s previous suggestions had been superb though. Kylo was waiting for him to start, so he grasped the base of Kylo’s cock and slowly sank onto it. He moaned like a hussy, but Kylo’s racket blessedly drowned him out. Kylo held onto his hips, but he didn’t direct Hux much. Hux rode Kylo with abandon. He circled his hips, ground down on Kylo’s cock, and pressed into Kylo’s thrusts with vigor. When Kylo sat up to kiss him and planted his feet on the bed, Hux swore to never dismiss Kylo’s sex ideas, not even in passing. The angle was delightful, and he could hold onto Kylo’s shoulders for balance. Kylo came buried in him, clutching Hux, and ear-splitting. Hux came with a few more strokes while Kylo’s cock softened inside him. “So that was good?” Kylo must be gloating. He was still catching his breath. “That was more than … certainly unexpected.” He pulled himself off Kylo’s cock and couldn’t manage even a weak glare. Then he hushed Kylo with kisses and lay down for a nap. “My dear boy, I believe we need to work on your shields for our training bond.” Leader Snoke was being gentle. Kylo closed his eyes and willed this to go away. It must be a nightmare. “Now, now, a young man has needs. I’ve had apprentices before. I can adequately prevent any leaks on my end, but you ought to do this for yourself, should you require privacy.” Supreme Leader wouldn’t tolerate Kylo ignoring him. He opened his eyes, craned his neck at the hologram, and met his teacher’s gaze. “Yes, master.” “And I must add, that I hope you two can remain civil, even if this entanglement ends poorly. You work well together and I would be displeased if your collaboration had to end.” “Yes, master. I’ll do my best.” “Good. Let us begin … ” Kylo shifted into a meditative pose and awaited Leader Snoke’s lesson. “Let us clear our minds of all thought. We are in the void, of the void, outside the void, the void itself … ” The Supreme Leader had exacted a petty revenge. What else could explain the special datapad he received a cycle later, with a “kind” note from his master? Kylo was “free to peruse anything he might like without fear of censors or prying eyes.” All he had to endure was the knowledge that Leader Snoke had heard it all and taken pity on him. Hux continued to share orgasms and sleep with Kylo for weeks. It had become a regular feature of his schedule, like mandatory cycle leave. Kylo had departed abruptly on a mission a week before, and he’d left his special datapad on Hux’s desk. Kylo had confessed that he felt uncomfortable using it to consume erotic material, its intended function, because the Supreme Leader had bestowed it to him. Hux had no such compunctions. Some of the holovids he found were sickening and a horror, and the Order’s censors would have protected him. Yet he didn’t turn away from all of it and found a few that suited his purpose. After he climaxed, the vids lost their appeal. He searched for news on the Resistance from the Republic-controlled media, which he’d never read. It was like entering a bizarre alternate reality. They reported nearly nothing right though they recounted the same basic facts. They had lived through an entirely different history. Hux had to convert dates since he used the Imperial calendar, and the Republic used the Old Republic’s. He studied the history of the Empire through the mad lens of Republic sources. And he spent the following shift drafting scathing rebuttals in his mind. It was foolish to become invested in correcting information on the holonet. But when Hux drafted his rebuttals, he didn’t rely on memory. He had the Academy resources on his datapad for use and comparison. The database suffered from a dearth of primary sources, but that was surmountable. The Republic controlled media distributed theirs freely. The footage of Alderaan must be altered. Particularly the vid of the street festival that was purported to have been transmitting live when the Death Star fired. It had been a sparsely populated planet and a primarily military target. It was a stroke of genius propaganda to make it seem as if the Empire had executed billions of their own citizens on a whim. There were some discussions on the veracity of the Destruction of Alderaan, but Hux wouldn't engage any of it. He turned off Kylo’s datapad and went for a walk. Kylo had completed his mission objective, and he should have a reward. Hux’s delicious mouth would do, and Hux was willing, but distracted. “What is it?” Kylo wasn’t very involved with running the Finalizer , but maybe he could help. “Nothing. All’s fine.” Hux went in for another kiss. Kylo could slip easily into the surface of Hux's mind when they touched. It had been an accident, at first. Since he had learnt the skill, he’d only succeeded with conscious effort. But it was easy with Hux, and it was useful. Hux was hard to read otherwise. Hux wanted to ask him what his mother told him about something. The thoughts were jumbled, and Hux was burying them. He had to pull away before he hurt Hux. His datapad was on Hux’s desk, right where he’d left it. Leader Snoke trusted Hux, but even Hux had restricted access to information outside the Order. “Did you watch a lot of dirty holovids while I was gone?” Kylo scanned the surface of Hux’s mind. Hux ducked his head a little. “Yes, I did. Though some of the things I found were unspeakable. The Hutts alone ―” He covered Hux’s mouth with his hands, and Hux’s eyes crinkled with amusement. He let Hux distract him. That was a mistake. Kylo let Hux keep the datapad since he didn’t use it. Hux did watch dirty vids; that much was true. But what he consumed most were hours of archival footage, countless documents and records, and unfamiliar history. Hux spent hours, days, learning how footage could be altered so he could find the flaws, the revealing tell in the propaganda. After months of searching, he found nothing. The destruction of Alderaan was well-documented, and corroborated by multiple sources. Imperial and Imperial Remnant documents, which couldn’t be found on the Order’s network, but matched conspicuous document labeling gaps in the database, confirmed the basic facts. Billions of civilians died without warning. Alderaan had been a rich, decadent, Core world and teeming with life. If there had been a Rebel base, an air strike would've been sufficient, perhaps with some ground forces for support. The Organas should've been deposed and summarily executed. It would’ve been enough. Even if Grand Moff Tarkin had been the culpable party, the Empire bore a duty to its citizens. It should have brought those regional governors, mad with power, to heel. The Empire should've admitted it lost control, instead of tacitly approving the act. And it shouldn’t have built a second Death Star. The loss of life didn't move the Empire. But the loss of revenue and potential should have. Alderaan had been rich enough to pay tariffs, keep its citizens content, and covertly fund the Rebel Alliance. Its destruction had dealt a blow to the Empire's coffers. It was widely agreed that the destruction of Alderaan was the catalyst for the fall of the Empire. This shouldn’t be restricted information if they were to learn from it. Perhaps they weren’t supposed to learn from it. Hux was following in the Grand Moff’s steps, at a hurried pace, and no one old enough to know better had stopped him. He didn’t just command a battle station; he’d led the team who designed the weapon. They’d selected the site, and the survey crews had finished. Did the Supreme Leader hope he would die with Starkiller, like Tarkin? The Supreme Leader was wise. Leader Snoke must know that the Order couldn't quell rebellion with Starkiller, if the Empire ignited rebellion with the Death Star. The Order's objective was to secure a safe and righteous rule of the galaxy, but the Order would plunge the galaxy into another bloodbath. Could Leader Snoke be just another death and chaos worshipper? Had the Order been duped? His waking alarm rang. Hux tarried through his routine. Kylo smuggled a bottle of emerald wine onboard for Hux, though he didn’t care for the taste. He had Hux straddling his lap, which Hux gamely had stopped pretending he disliked some time ago. Hux was nibbling and teasing the shell of his ear. The bottle was half drunk, and Hux was more relaxed than he’d been for weeks. It was a rousing success. Hux was prettier with his hair mussed and falling loose around his face instead of slicked back, but that was old news. A crowded street festival at night on a wide boulevard flanked by massive trees in full bloom, torches and lights twinkling, people lined up for vendors, loud cheerful music, while the voice-over went on inanely about the weather and then a flash in the sky, terrified screams, an instant of flames. Han Solo had shown him that footage, and told him the story when he’d asked about his grandparents. His mother couldn’t mention them without sobbing. What the hell was it doing in Hux’s head? He pulled back and pushed Hux away. “Hux, what have you been looking at in the holonet?” Hux was blinking at him, his lips slick and pink. “What?” “Hux. Tell me.” Kylo looked into Hux's eyes. Hux swallowed, looking at the door, and he tried to move away. Damn it. “You will tell me now.” He let Hux stand. “I … I looked at a lot of things.” Hux stood still. “Are you reading my mind? I thought it hurt when you did that.” “Not when I do it to you.” Kylo couldn’t make himself say it was only “for now”. He let Hux think he couldn’t get away with lying. “I’ve been looking at history channels.” “Why?” “I was curious. I just wanted to know what the Republic said about the Resistance.” Kylo had been so reckless. Leader Snoke limited any exposure to harmful influence so carefully. If He had believed Hux could handle open access, then Hux would have had it. Supreme Leader was going to be so disappointed with Kylo. “Tell me what you’re thinking, Hux.” Hux had straightened his clothes and schooled his expression. “I’m not thinking anything in particular.” “Hux, I don’t want to hurt you.” “I’ve just … just think the Death Star was a mistake, an error in strategy. I think our efforts would be better spent elsewhere.” Kylo stood. “Please show me what you’re planning. Don’t make me take it from you.” He pressed his forehead against Hux’s and held his face. Hux’s breath hitched. Hux was going for maximum confusion and straight to the Republic with all the intel he could carry. Hux slammed his head onto Kylo's face and reached for his blaster a couple of meters away. But Kylo pinned Hux to the wall with the Force. Hux lifted his chin as much as he could. “Please, do it yourself. Don’t let your knights do it.” Hux had to know he didn’t need to plead for mercy. Kylo held a hand to his nose, which was gushing blood. “I’m not killing you. You just have to go to reconditioning. It’ll be fine.” Not that this wasn’t a fiasco already, but it was salvageable. “I’m not a stormtrooper!” “Leader Snoke values you. You’ll be rehabilitated.” “We execute traitors.” “Mostly we do. Leader Snoke put a rehabilitation order on your file. You’re worth the risk.” Hux shook his head. “You’ve never shown signs of disloyalty before. You’ll be fine.” Kylo was straining to keep Hux pinned. “Stop lying! Please, Kylo, please don’t.” He looked away and caught Hux when he put him to sleep. He put Hux’s head on his lap and summoned his comm unit with the Force. Then he commed Captain Phasma to make the arrangements and bring a stretcher. Kylo had the medbay staff heal his face and made himself presentable for an audience with Supreme Leader. Leader Snoke authorized the reconditioning. Then He chastised him for his "thoughtless disregard of rules" and his "remarkable ingratitude". His penance would be to witness Hux’s reconditioning and to monitor his loyalty. Hux was in a hidden cell. Kylo made sure no one but Phasma had seen Hux brought in for reconditioning, and there were no surveillance records. He removed his mask before entering. Hux didn’t look at him. “Reconditioning doesn’t hurt. You’ll be sedated. When you wake up, you won’t remember any of this.” Kylo’s voice wavered. Hux might not remember their entanglement either, not if those memories were linked to the treasonous ones. Hux stood and scowled, staring him down. “The Order is a lie. It’s all lies. I didn’t know any better. You, on the other hand, must be an imbecile. I’m sorry I cared for you. Stay away from me.” Kylo turned away with a nod, replaced his helmet and left. Anakin had been following Ben since the Force had dragged him here, again. He couldn’t ever stay close to Ben for long, but he’d seen his grandson this past year. He’d never tell Leia; his daughter suffered enough. He followed Ben while he visited his sweetheart in a cell, and Ben let that poor boy know his brain was going to be fried. Ben returned to his room, and blinked back tears about it, as if it was his brain that was going to get cured of treason. Anakin shook his head. “Why are you such a spineless little shit is what I want to know. I mean, I know I was, but ... it must have skipped a generation.” Ben stopped pacing.“What?” “You can hear me?” That never happened. Snoke’s damned shroud was impenetrable. “Yes. Unfortunately. When did you get here?” Ben was looking at him. “And here I thought you were my number-one fan.” He wasn’t even going to comment on his damned helmet or Ben’s. “I only got pulled here when you went in to talk to your boy.” Ben furrowed his brow. “Of Darth Vader, not Anakin Skywalker.” “One and the same. A name doesn’t make you someone else, no matter how much I’d like it to, Ben.” Or make life any easier for his family. “I'm not going to be like you! You let emotions cloud your judgment. You destroyed the Emperor’s glorious vision ―” “Oh, fuck Palpatine and his vision! Impotent, senile, Force-damned monster. May he rot in the Sith hells. And fuck Snoke too!” Anakin wasn't going to hear to a second of Ben's warped little worldview. His own had been bad enough. Palpatine and Snoke were nothing but predatory perverts who envied their strength in the Force. Palpatine had coveted everything about him until he had owned Anakin more completely than the masters who threatened him with bomb implants. He gave up every bit of his life to Palpatine, and Ben was eager to imitate him, like a moron. There was an open bottle of emerald wine on the desk. Did their date get interrupted? “He’s alive and still here. You can save him.” He would drag Ben by his hair out of there if he could. “I won’t.” “You’re really going to let him get wiped like a droid?” Ben was blocking Snoke; he had to be hiding his grief from his master. “This is only weakness. I’m weak.” Anakin needed to hurry to read the boy, Hux, that was it, to get anything useful. Maybe he could shield his mind for a while. “Where have I heard that before?” He began scanning the ship for any other Force sensitive who could help onboard. “Like you ever felt weak? Was it when you were dying?” “You’re weak and pathetic, and the people who love you deserve better. I hope the Force has mercy on you, for your mother’s sake.” Anakin had never received a single report on Snoke. This was all his fault. Palpatine had given him the task of hunting down every Force user, and their choices had been assimilation or death. He could’ve prevented this. Ben pressed his lips and his eyes were watery. Anakin had had the nerve to cry and whine too when he’d been digging himself deeper into the dark, ruining everything. “Bowing and scraping for your master. You don’t deserve love or forgiveness. Good luck with Snoke’s wrinkled old balls keeping you warm at night. Why would you want your uncle’s love and light to guide you when you can have the pain and despair of the dark side?” Ben wept. Leia might stop talking to him for that if she knew. Good. Tears were the least of it. “I was conceived by the Force and all the power I wielded sure as hell never made the galaxy better for anyone. But I’m sure the great Kylo Ren will succeed where Darth Vader failed. You are special, it will all work out well for you.” He had ever only had this time with Ben. And none of this was piercing that thick skull. If he could just crawl into Ben’s skin and fix this. Anakin would try anything. “Since you’re going to be greater than Darth Vader, let me give you a head start.” He reached for Ben and poured his life, even this ghostly existence, into his mind. If Ben wanted to tread this path, he wouldn’t let Ben claim ignorance. Anakin didn’t allow either of them to turn away from any of it, and the Force aided him, restoring every memory to a pristine state. Ben would know the sound of his great-grandmother’s laugh, the color of Obi-Wan’s eyes, the smell of Padmé's soap, and that all Palpatine’s promises turned to shit. It was one thing to hear a story, and it was quite another to live it. Ben dried his face and calmed his breath. “Thank you, grandfather.” The Force praised Anakin, with the excitement and condescension most beings reserved for dim-witted pets that needed encouragement. Anakin had succeeded at something, at last. “Go salvage your life, Ben. I’ll keep watch.” Ben packed their belongings and Hux’s pet into his own shuttle. Hux’s plan was elegant and thorough, like him. But Hux never wrote it down. He took Hux’s datapad to his cell, and Hux’s breaths sped when he entered. Ben removed his helmet. “You’re not getting reconditioning.” “Then what is it, Ren?” Hux stood ramrod straight. “I couldn’t figure out all the logistics of your plan. So you’re going to have to do it.” He pressed the datapad into Hux’s hands. That was embarrassing to admit. Hux stared at him, slack jawed. “I’m not helping you patch security, you dolt.” “No! I meant you do it. We’re leaving. I’m leaving and helping you.” “Like I’ll believe that. You’re the one who put me in here.” “And I’m taking you out! My oath by the Force, Hux. I’m sorry, okay? I’m really sorry.” Hux scrutinized him for a beat. “Fine. It’s really not that complicated.” Hux locked in Phasma without a comm. Then triggered the chemical contamination protocol. All officers were aboard their shuttles with locked evacuation coordinates when the troopers received new orders. They were to abandon their armor, strip the ship of any useful materiel, and keep a low profile. Hux sent them to over a thousand populated worlds with no Order spies, scattered over the galaxy. “I’m not leaving Phasma without an escape.” Hux headed to her quarters and Ben followed. Hux spoke to her through the ship’s comm, “Captain, the ship has been evacuated. You may come with us or you may await rescue here.” The Order would come for the ship, but it would take time. “I’ll come with you, General.” She stepped out without armor and her arms up. He held his lightsaber loosely at his side. “You have nothing to bring?” “No.” Hux motioned at her. “You may put your arms down. This way.” They boarded the shuttle and crowded into the cockpit. Kylo asked, “So where should we go?” Hux looked at him and huffed. “You don’t have a plan at all?” “No, not really. I could ask my mother or my grandfather, I guess.” “Right.” Hux was skeptical. “I can use the Force to contact my mother and my grandfather is a Force ghost.” Phasma answered, “Contact your mother. The Resistance hasn’t been infiltrated yet.” “You seem awfully calm, Captain.” He wouldn’t underestimate her. “General Hux told me when I was promoted to the officer ranks that we weren’t subject to reconditioning.” “I didn’t know!” “I know you’re not a liar. That’s the problem.” “Oh, Noe’ha’on, go there.” Anakin had followed him quietly around the ship until then. Hux thought he was unhinged anyway. Ben turned to the controls. “Why Noe’ha’on?” He set its coordinates. “Convenient to the Resistance and you’ll be able to get some currency for this thing.” “Okay.” “Who are you speaking to, Ren?” Hux sat closer to the controls. “My grandfather. Anakin Skywalker, also known as Darth Vader.” Ben glanced at Hux. This escape would hopefully start thawing Hux out a little. “He’s speaking to you from the box?” Hux wouldn’t like either answer. “No, he’s a ghost, standing off to your side actually, miming patting your head now, because he’s a dick.” Hux and Phasma shared a look. Then Hux turned and asked, “So Noe’ha’on then?” The shuttle took off. “General.” Anakin never addressed Leia by her given name, though she’d given him permission to do so. She was alone in her office and looked up from her datapad. “Yes?” “Ben is on his way to Noe’ha’on with two other defectors. And Ben’s boyfriend just spread about fifty thousand stormtroopers around the galaxy.” “Two other defectors?” Leia widened her eyes while looking at him. He resisted fidgeting. “He didn’t tell you that?” Ben’s face had gone over all emotional when he called his mother. “No! I heard him call me and then nothing.” She stood in front of him. She had been near tears since then obviously. That idiot was his grandson. “He’s fine. He blocked Snoke out, completely. That’s why he saw me and then he called you.” “He’s coming home?” Leia was older than he’d ever been. Had he ever been so tired? “Yes. Well, to Noe’ha’on. I told him to go there though, for Resistance help. It’s fairly nearby, not that busy.” “Good thinking. We have people there. Can you get messages to him?” “If he’s keeping out Snoke.” She nodded, lost in plans. It was still a wonder that someone who resembled Padmé so much had a Force presence so like his. “Wait, stormtroopers?” “Yes, they sort of released them to throw the Order off their trail.” “‘Released them’?” “Press-ganged apparently. Some ugly story there.” The great Darth Vader would gladly spy for the Resistance, if only the Force would let him. It’d be nice if the Force would let him be useful to either of his kids. But It sent him where It felt like, for Its own ineffable ends, and he had little control. There was no free roaming for him. Not that he was complaining. “Ben has a boyfriend? How is Ben?” She was desperate for any scrap if she was eager to talk to him. “Ben may not have a boyfriend anymore. Hux, that’s his name, looked pretty pissed.” “About what?” “Well, he’s the one who locked him up to have his mind wiped. So … I wouldn’t worry. Ben looked good.” A rescue was only the start. Ben was going to have to grovel and beg for a second chance. It might not be enough “‘Mind wiped’?” “‘Reconditioning’. They delete bad memories, I think.” He winced. “That’s … ” She shook her head. “And Ben enforced this.” “But he didn’t. And it’s pretty devastating. Snoke is having a terrible day.” He got a real smile for that, even if it was brief. “I bet.” She arched an eyebrow at him. “Oh, you can send a scout to the ship, there’s no one in it.” “Yes, of course.” She tapped on her datapad and sat at her desk. “In fact, let’s start at the beginning. Give me a full report.” Chapter 2 : Just and Necessary Summary: The three defectors reach the Resistance safely. But a manhunt and a probe droid might be preferable to all the awkward conversations. Hux drafted messages for his parents regarding his defection. He addressed them separately this time. He had nearly apologized to his father in the first draft, but his father must’ve been the one who had a ‘rehabilitation order’ placed in his file. It was probably a personal favor to his parents. The self-serving bastard better not expect any gratitude from Hux. But his mother had always loved him, even if she had entrusted her husband with the bulk of his upbringing. She was more of an explorer than a bureaucrat. Not that Hux could send the messages. And Kylo’s disturbing little habit of speaking metaphorically to ghosts had degenerated into believing he spoke with ghosts literally. The only redeeming aspect of the situation was that the ghost had prodded Kylo to secure his release, or so Kylo had told him while Hux secured data and oversaw the stormtroopers’ escape. And yet Phasma, his bastion of sanity, had been the one always subject to reconditioning. Supreme – Snoke had to be destroyed, for the sake of the people of the Order; he was a far more dangerous lunatic than Kylo. “Okay.” Kylo was speaking to no one again, and then he entered some planetside coordinates. “The Resistance is waiting for us.” “Ren, you omitted the step where we negotiate with the enemy we intend to defect to so they don’t arrest us and put us on trial.” Hux hadn’t established communication with the Republic, and this was a delicate process. Kylo turned to an empty spot. “Did you ask?” Some time passed, and Kylo may have forgotten they were speaking. But he turned in the same direction. “General Organa doesn’t believe the Resistance has the authority to arrest us. They assume we’re joining them anyway.” “Actually, I intend to join the Republic.” Hux was leaving a military organization with unaccountable leaders, and he wasn’t joining another one. The Republic was a legitimate government with no unfortunate ties to mystical nonsense. “Hux, we’ll go with the Resistance, okay? They aren’t crawling with Order spies, for one.” “I apologize. I believed I was no longer your prisoner.” He would tread more carefully if Kylo weren’t so presumptuous. “I … you’re not. Neither of you. But you know we have informants in the Republic. We’d have the Order on us the moment we got anywhere near it.” Kylo couldn’t fight all his knights at once, and they’d be who the Order would send. Yet Hux wasn't going to let Kylo dictate to him.“I think the captain and I should hear these reassurances for ourselves. You’re not the only notorious Order officer here.” Phasma nodded. There was a further delay, and Kylo tipped his head. “We’d need a secure comm line.” “I can improvise.” Hux had the tools and parts. General Organa guaranteed their safety and liberty with the Resistance. She followed with concerned queries about Hux's well-being, by name, though Kylo hadn’t introduced them. And then continued with a number of uncanny questions about their escape. Kylo had evidently communicated with his mother, perhaps even with the Force. Phasma had remained focused though, and Hux only had to nod in agreement when she consented to meet on the planet. They arrived at a jungle dotted with small buildings and landed in a dilapidated hangar. Phasma stood behind Kylo’s shoulder and peered through the cockpit. “Are we supposed to wait inside, Ren?” Kylo sighed. “I’m returning to my birth name. You can call me Ben or Organa, if you like, Captain.” “Should we be distancing ourselves from our ranks then too?” “I’m not – well, I am. But it’s not some strategy.” Hux stood. “And what’s wrong with strategy? You may know them, but they’re strangers to us. Strangers we’ve been at war with.” “I don’t think you need to worry. And yeah, they know me. That’s not a good thing.” “We have movement.” Phasma hadn’t stopped scanning their surroundings. “General, what do we think, sir?” “I think we’re going to be Hux and Phasma, with no sirs. And we’ll underline your stormtrooper upbringing if necessary.” “And your change of heart?” “I think Ren – Organa has done that already. We’ll see.” Kylo stood, unclipped his lightsaber, and placed it inside a case. “Shall we?” He cocked his head in the direction of the Resistance members milling outside. “You’re not putting your helmet back on?” “No, never again.” Hux had the restraint to not roll his eyes. “I can’t believe you left our weapons.” Kylo led. “Why didn’t the captain bring any?” Phasma fell in behind them. “I didn’t think you’d let me have one. And I want nothing from the Order. Why isn’t your shuttle properly equipped?” “I have my lightsaber.” Kylo lowered the ramp. A smiling, handsome man in a Resistance flight suit met them. He was striking, and his arms could hold him up while Hux had him against a wall. Kylo twitched and snapped to look at Hux. Hux mildly arched an eyebrow. He was going to teach Kylo to stay out of his mind. “Hello. I’m Commander Poe Dameron.” Dameron extended his hand to Hux and Phasma while Kylo stood to the side, arms crossed. “I’m Hux.” He stumbled over the omission of his rank. “I’m Phasma.” She even managed to return a small, tight smile. Dameron’s smile strained as he reached Kylo. “General Organa is really happy to have you back. It’s my responsibility to make sure all of you get to the base safely.” Kylo shook his hand as well. “Thank you.” Hux concurred, “Yes, thank you, Commander.” “You’re welcome. And welcome to the Resistance.” That lovely smile returned. Hux certainly had been missing out in the Order. “Can we leave immediately?” Kylo stomped into the shuttle. “That’s the plan.” The transfer was quick work. Kylo had the wherewithal to carry the grotesque souvenir in its container himself, and he handed his lightsaber case to Phasma. Hux brought the carrier into the cockpit. “Do you mind?” It was a small ship, and he’d already endured Kylo past exhaustion. Moreover, Phasma hadn’t had a proper opportunity to interrogate Kylo. “Not at all. And who is this?” Dameron peered briefly through the flap. He sat in the co-pilot’s chair. “Her name’s Millicent.” She had behaved so well through the entire ordeal. “That’s a tooka, right?” Hux nodded. “I’ve never seen one that color.” “I have no idea where she’s from. She was a gift.” “Well, she’s sweet.” Ben watched Hux pick up his pet and move to the cockpit, leaving him with Phasma in the ship’s cramped lounge. Phasma ate a ready-made meal while examining him. When she was done, she interlaced her hands and placed them on the table. The easy, open body language was familiar; she was the sympathetic listener. “So … Ben?” “Yes?” “Would it be okay to speak now?” “Sure.” “Thank you … so, why did you turn Hux in?” This was the real reason Hux had left; he still expected Phasma to do her job. “He was going to defect.” “So what changed? Do you want to talk about it?” “I had, well, the Force and my grandfather showed me … I know it seems sudden. But I lived a whole other life and I’m … ” Changed wasn’t the right word. “Your grandfather showed you another life?” “Yes, he showed me his life, actually.” He shook his head. He was explaining this badly. “I was wrong and I’m trying to fix things.” “Why can’t we see him?” “You have to use the Force.” “Can you tell me what he showed you? “It wasn’t any one thing. It was the whole thing that … all his mistakes piled up. A lot like my mistakes.” It was a flash of his stepbrother’s callused hand that gripped his shoulder, trying to console him, as he heard the report of the fire that destroyed his mother’s home. It was a litany of crimes that caused him agony yet amounted to nothing much. He alone had deprived himself of love and hope. He’d been consumed by his despair, until his son had sparked a last fragile flame. He'd been Anakin Skywalker and Darth Vader. And he had never been free, whole and powerful, not until Luke had asked for help. Ben's throat constricted. “He showed me how pathetic I’d be, clinging to the last flicker of warmth.” Phasma asked no more questions. He woke from a light doze when the ship landed, and he joined Phasma and Hux in the corridor. “Ben?” Mom rushed to him and clutched him with all her strength. He put an arm around her shoulders. Had she always been this tiny?. “You must be taller than your father.” That might be true yet it seemed wrong. Was his father here yet? She let him go and turned around. “General Organa.” Hux and Phasma greeted Mom in unison, standing together in identical parade rest. Even Mom, in her giddy relief, was taken aback. It was eerie discipline; living beings shouldn’t be so rigidly blank. “General Hux. Captain Phasma. Welcome.” She had rallied, and smiled warmly at them. “We’ve defected, I’m sure we’re no longer entitled to our ranks.” Hux wore his off-duty uniform, black trousers and a black long-sleeved shirt with officer rank insignia. Phasma wore her under-armor uniform, which was identical to the off-duty officer one. They certainly weren’t civilians. “That’s not a decision we need to make now. We can debrief when you’ve rested.” She led them through a quiet, sleeping base to their rooms in a bunker beneath a grassy hill. It was clearly late on this planet, but it seemed as if she was going to stay awake. “Are you working?” He could stay awake. “I’m waiting for a comm.” “I’ll wait with you.” She smiled and there were echoes of a woman he’d never met. “Thank you, Ben.” He put his arm out for her and she took it. Then she led him to her office. “Do you want anything? The mess is always open.” “I’m okay … So, where’s Dad?” They sat on a small couch close together, and she hadn’t let go of his arm. It was much easier than it should be, and she seemed content to sit by him “I’ve commed him. I’ll keep trying.” “Oh.” “We’ve been separated for a while. He has a freighter with your Uncle Chewie now.” “I’m sorry.” “It’s okay.” She didn’t say it wasn’t his fault. “He’ll be so happy to see you. Chewie too. It’ll be good.” She squeezed his arm a little. “I want to see them too.” “Want to call Anakin? He’s still shy around me.” He had to ask, “What is that about?” “The shyness?” “The talking to him. You hated him. He wasn’t allowed near you or me.” She sighed and let go of his arm. “Vader is not a monster and he can be loved.” “What?” “I had to prove to myself that it’s possible to forgive and love someone … who has done monstrous things. Anakin has been a friend … when everyone else left.” What could he say to that? He invited Anakin to join them. “Did you call me?” Anakin was dazed and barely out of adolescence. This was the golden boy of the Old Jedi. “Yes, come spend time with us.” She stared at Anakin. “You look very young.” Anakin woke from his daze and aged. “How did you do that?” He’d met Masters Yoda and Obi-Wan, but he’d been little when they had stopped appearing. There was so little information on ghosts, and Anakin probably wasn’t a normal one. “I don’t know. I was in that dream, you know. I’m always young in that dream.” Anakin spoke to Mom about his dreams these days apparently. Ben and Mom nodded. She asked, “Did we pull you away?” Anakin shook his head. “No, they said they’d be fine and see me soon.” Anakin was certainly more careful around her than him. “And I wanted to join you.” “I still say it’s a personification of the Force.” She’d had this discussion. “I’ve met personifications of the Force before. This isn’t it.” Anakin wasn’t too shy to argue. “What else could it be?” Mom had a point. “I sort of remember that. Well, the dream — when did you meet a personification of the Force?” He would remember that, even with everything else. “You weren’t allowed to see that. It’s a whole … even I wasn’t allowed to remember until I died.” Anakin waved it off. “Well, uh ... it felt very part of the Force.” Ben couldn't explain how. “I know a Force avatar when I see one, okay?” “Could it be a person calling you?” Mom answered, “It’s not. Other people the Force sends him to, he remembers and can find them.” Anakin nodded. “And when you’ve meditated on it – ” Anakin’s glower channeled Vader. “Guess not.” Three of the most powerful Force-users left and their knowledge was pitiful. This is how he fell into Snoke’s hands at first. If Snoke didn’t have an answer, he could make up one. “Don’t talk about him until that bond’s cut off. You’re going to bring him right here.” “What?” “He wasn’t talking, Anakin. You’ll get used to the sweeping, casual mind-reading, Ben.” She arched an eyebrow at Anakin. “Uh … I wasn’t trying to read your mind. It’s mostly loud thoughts that I hear. But you really shouldn’t think about him until we can think of something.” “How do you do that?” “Not think of something? Bring up a worse topic?” “No!” Ben couldn’t cope with that yet. “The ‘casual mind-reading’.” “That. That happened as a ghost. It’s a unity with the Force thing. I was only passable at it alive.” “I keep hearing Hux’s thoughts. Is that normal?” “Yeah, it’s normal, Ben. It’s a one-way with anyone who can’t use the Force though.” “Oh, Ben.” Mom sighed. Echoes rang of snippets of the thoughts of Padmé and Obi-wan, even Uncle Luke. “But we don’t have a special connection!” “He’s pretty much your only friend and he’s your first. Of course you’re connected through the Force.” Anakin shrugged like it was obvious. He stared open-mouthed at Anakin. “There’s no way I can get used to that.” Then he covered his face with his hands. All the horribly intimate knowledge of his grandfather’s life had served a purpose. This was just wrong. Mom put an arm around him, soothing him. “Oh, Ben. Was he good to you?” “He was fine.” He gritted his teeth. “General.” An aide over the office comm came to his rescue. “Senator Calrissian is on the comm.” She squeezed his hand and gave it a few small pats. “Go get some rest, okay?” He nodded and fled. Hux woke after a few hours of fitful sleep. He dressed in his off-duty uniform and organized his effects. Kylo’s shoddy packing, or shoddy supervision of a droid’s packing, hadn’t overlooked anything irreplaceable. But the disarray was unacceptable. Even the data devices he had stashed were thrown in with his shirts and shoes. He opened his door, ready to greet his guard, and there wasn’t one. There were no guards or visible surveillance. Covert surveillance was a little offensive, but understandable under the circumstances. He rang Phasma’s door comm and didn’t wait long. “Good morning.” She nodded crisply. “Good morning.” “Should we gather Ren or wait to be summoned?” “We should show willing … And I’m hungry. There’s nothing here.” “Mine’s bare too.” They walked towards Kylo’s room. Phasma rang Kylo’s door. “I’m regretting my principled stance of accepting nothing from the Order. A change of clothes would be nice.” “I’m sure we can find you something today.” They waited. Then Hux rang again, insistently. Finally, Kylo stumbled around in his room and greeted them dressed in the soft sleep clothes he reserved for cold nights. “Are you two serious? It’s barely dawn.” The light was beginning to creep through the window of the room, which every room here had for an unfathomable reason. Hux answered, “Yes, well, we were tired last night. Aren’t you expected at the briefing?” Kylo stared at them and shook his head. “I’ll walk you to the mess. And I can guarantee no one’s expecting a briefing at this hour.” The door closed. “I hope he has other clothes. The knight uniform is rather intimidating.” He’d removed the order insignia from his uniform to avoid giving offense. “You don’t know?” He would’ve upbraided her for such a remark a few days before. But he didn’t need to then, and it was a fair question. “I get him out of his clothes, not into them. What he used to keep on display was disturbing enough, I don’t want to search his wardrobe.” He startled Phasma into a snort. Kylo joined them shortly, wearing trousers, short-sleeved shirt, and waistcoat, all in black. So he did own plain clothing then. “What? What are you two snickering about?” “Commander Dameron’s beautiful hair.” Phasma added, “Don’t forget his other assets.” Kylo huffed and walked ahead of them. It was impolitic, immature behavior unbecoming officers, and they would’ve been disciplined for it before. Therefore, it was hilarious. The base was quiet and the mess was deserted. A massive yet fragile, wrinkled, non-Human person approached them. “What would my rebels like then?” “Good morning. Whatever’s available is fine.” Hux should probably specify. “Safe for Human consumption.” “I gathered. You sit here then. I’ll call for you.” “It’s not made-to-order usually. It’s the hour.” Kylo sat across from him. “They’re probably making breakfast now.” It might be an acceptable hour, depending on the planet’s cycle. “I was surprised by the lack of guards.” Phasma hummed in agreement. Kylo scoffed. “What guard could they put on me?” “Armored Wookiees with modified stun batons.” Phasma shook her head. “Flying spider droids with contact sedatives.” “Why not both?” She tilted her head then nodded. Kylo’s eyes were very wide. “Well … they don’t have to. They know we’re sincere.” The mess worker called them, and breakfast interrupted their discussion. Hux continued it when he finished his meal. “How?” He bet it was Force nonsense. “How what?” Kylo was scooping out seeds from a fruit. “How do they know we’re sincere?” “My grandfather can read minds.” Kylo was so predictable. “No argument?” He shook his head. “Poe told me Luke Skywalker can speak to Jedi ghosts too.” “Well, if Poe said it.” “He has no vested interest in making me believe in ghosts.” He didn’t add that Phasma also believed in ghosts, based on the evidence. “Give your grandfather my thanks.” “I’ll tell him.” Kylo added, in a mumble, “And I’m so sorry, Hux, for – ” “We are not talking about it. Not now. Probably never.” He was speaking to Kylo, civilly even, and there was nothing further to discuss about the incident. Kylo opened and shut his mouth. He pushed his hair back in a nervous gesture. “Of course. It’s up to you.” The helmet was probably Snoke’s idea, to compensate for Kylo’s lack of training in comportment. Condescending prick, as if he needed Kylo’s reassurance. He stared in icy silence. It took all his training to refrain from screaming in Kylo’s face. Phasma placed a hand lightly on Kylo’s wrist, startling him. “Ben, is there a quartermaster on base?” “I don’t know. Why?” She let go. “I need clothes.” “Right. You didn’t bring anything. I can ask.” “Could you?” “Sure. Want me to do that now?” “If you don’t mind.” “Okay. Stay here?” They nodded and Kylo left. Phasma remained silent. Hux composed himself. “I wasn’t going to say anything.” “I didn’t think so, but you need a break.” She was, as always, correct. “Phasma. I am sorry as well. It’s galling hypocrisy. I’m not sure how you can stand the sight of me.” She shrugged. “You believed your claptrap. So did I. I lived it and enforced it. I was disturbed and I still wouldn’t have helped you. Can you forgive me?” “I don’t need to.” “Same here.” People were trickling into the mess. They were speaking on their comms, working on their datapads, out of uniform, laughing and jostling each other. The din must be unbearable when this place was full. Kylo strode to their table and sat. “So there’s not much on base. But there’s a supply run leaving soon and they’ll take you.” Kylo handed a card to Phasma. “And here.” “Thank you. Is this yours?” “Yes, that’s my account. Don’t worry, can’t be tracked.” Hux recognized the logo. “Why do you have an IGBC card?” “That’s my bank.” “You get paid in credits?” “Yeah. Why? What do you get paid in?” “Order coinage. My account is with the Order Bank.” Kylo looked him over. “Do you want to go on the supply run?” “I can’t believe you get paid in credits. And what’s wrong with what I’m wearing?” “It’s an Order uniform?” “The off-duty uniform.” It was serviceable. “But still a uniform.” “Where do you get plain clothes?” “I buy them.” “You just, what, go shopping?” “Yes, we go shopping. I have a tailor too. I bring you things.” That was true but not the point. It was unjust that Kylo was allowed to conduct personal business outside of the Order’s reach, but no one else had the privilege. He took a deep breath . “You and your knights just go to shops?” Snoke’s favoritism towards Force users couldn’t affect him anymore “Very few people can recognize us and we don’t meet them in shops.” Kylo, and perhaps one or several of his knights, once went to a shop and bought a large, fluffy blanket. Another time, it’d been an attractive collar for Millicent. At the time, it had seemed strange that an Order supplier would have those items. The reality was stranger still. “That’s … No, thank you. Have a good trip, Phasma.” She nodded. “Thank you. And thank you, Ben.” She gave Kylo a small pat on the shoulder and stood. “I’ll see you both later.” A pilot in a flight suit stood in the door and waved at their table. Phasma left. “You’re not recognized here either.” Though Hux had learned that Poe knew who Kylo was, and who he’d been. “Yes, I noticed that.” “If I’m not expected at a briefing, what am I supposed to be doing?” “Sleep?” Kylo was not filling him with confidence in the Resistance. “I’m not … I’m trying to shield out your mind. You’re going to have to say something.” “Are they doing anything?” “Yes. There are some allies in the Republic that are coming here. That takes time. There are also reports coming in everywhere about the stormtroopers.” “Who did you hear this from?” “Commander Korr Sella, my mom’s aide. She only went to sleep a little while ago. The Resistance is … it’s smaller than we thought.” “That’s neither here nor there. The goal is to have the Republic accept that war is on its doorstep, whether they want it or not.” The Order wasn’t ready for war yet. And if the Republic ignored them, there were other organized powers in the galaxy that would take an interest. “You think they can take down the Order?” “It has to be taken down!” He slammed his fist on the table. “The Order is weak and unsustainable. Snoke is a raving Force lunatic more concerned with imitating the Emperor’s worst mistake than leading the galaxy. The Order’s defeat is inevitable.” If the hush around them was any indication, he’d spoken louder than he’d intended. “Excuse me.” Kylo followed him to his room. “Hux, wait.” “I don’t want to talk. I don’t want to have any of this on record.” “‘Record’, what record?” “The surveillance.” “What surveillance? There’s no surveillance here.” “You’re telling me they’re not recording everything? Right.” He scoffed. “I’m saying exactly that. We’re not being recorded.” “Oh.” He had to adjust his assumptions. This wasn’t the Order. Kylo stood close to him, hovering, and his bare face was provoking the conditioned response. Kylo was rather successful at distracting him. “Want to come in?” Hux could use a distraction. Kylo had a cocky, little smile. “Want my help getting to sleep?” Kylo placed his hands on either side of Hux's head as Hux leaned against the door. “If you can manage.” “I’ll do that thing you like.” “I like a lot of things.” “I’ll do all of them.” Kylo leaned in for a kiss. “I’ll distract you and put you right to sleep.” “Stop reading my mind.” “I’m not reading your mind.” Kylo sucked on his lower lip. “Are you sure? I don’t want you to feel – ” He swallowed the rest of Kylo’s patronizing concerns and opened the door. Then he bunched Kylo’s shirt in his fist and dragged him inside. It was much easier to undress Kylo when he wore sensible clothes. And among the bonuses of a ground base was a much larger room and bed. He asked, “Are we alone in this unit?” “No, we’re in officer housing. Why?” Kylo panted by his ear, nipping the skin right below while massaging his ass. He phrased it gently. “Just … you can be exuberant.” “Are you calling me loud?” “Well, you are. And this isn’t the Finalizer .” “Are you embarrassed?” “No. I’m just making sure you’re aware.” “I’ll show you loud.” It wasn’t a dare. But if Kylo didn’t care, then neither would he. Kylo was obnoxiously loud. Hux had aimed for that. His tongue in Kylo working him open had Kylo near climax. Then he lay back sprawled and Kylo climbed on top. Kylo rode his cock at a leisurely pace. No matter how close Hux had gotten him, Kylo was unhurried once he took over. Kylo drew out their rhythm a good long while. He could flip Kylo onto his back and set the pace, but that didn’t appeal then. At last, the tension gathering in his hips was irresistible, and he gripped Kylo’s hips in place. He shoved his cock into Kylo’s slick, constricting heat, snapping his hips into him harshly, and Kylo grunted in tandem with his thrusts until he spilled over his own hand. Kylo’s body clamped on his cock, throbbing, and granted him release. Kylo hissed when he withdrew. “You just like making me sore.” “I do but you’re also abnormally tight. Someone that has cock in him as much as you do should be far more used to it.” “Your cock’s abnormal.” “You never hear me complain.” But then, it wasn’t his habit to grumble for everything. “I’m nice to you. And I’m not complaining. It’s just, why can’t you let me finish at my own pace? Sex’s always like you want it.” Kylo conveniently forgot all the sex they had to his specifications. “Why don’t you ever say anything while I’m doing whatever it is that you don’t like?” “Because I do like it while you’re doing it.” “Then what’s the problem? I’m not the mind-reader, Kylo.” Kylo made a disgusted face. “Don’t call me that.” “It’s your name.” “It’s not. It’s some stupid title Snoke gave me. My name is Ben.” “That name was verboten. I’m not used to it, but I’ll try. What is this about? Was it that bad?” “No! … It’s just that, never mind.” Though Kylo, or rather, Ben, possessed a natural talent, it’d become clear, over the months, that he was inexperienced. Perhaps Hux should be gentler, but this wasn’t about that. He tugged Ben to lay down and began stroking his hair. “I am angry at you for reading my mind and locking me up to have my brain rewired.” “I – ” “Wait, let me finish.” Hux slowed his breathing. “But I’ll get over it. I can’t stand hypocrisy. And it would be the height of it to not forgive you for it when it’s obvious you’re different, since I want to be forgiven because now I’m different.” “Okay.” “That isn’t it?” Ky – Ben mumbled, “Am I just tight and warm? And an idiot?” “You are all those things, but that’s not all you are, no.” He asked, “You can tell I’m sincere, can’t you?” “I can.” Ben gave him a small smile. “Are you reassured now?” He leaned in for a kiss and Ben deepened it. Ben’s smug “sleep well, Hux” reached him as he drifted off. Notes: This was, originally, a fill for this TFA Kink Meme prompt: Kylux – bad sex, but they don’t know any better https://tfa-kink.dreamwidth.org/2821.html?thread=5135365#cmt5135365 Canon, for the purposes of this story, is The Original Trilogy and The Force Awakens . The story alludes to characters and events borrowed from the animated series. But the animated series is not canon for this story.