His entire body seethed with anger as he stepped over the threshold of his parents home in the suburbs. There were boxes of baby paraphernalia everywhere. They'd been planning for this. They'd known she was pregnant…no doubt with his child, and they'd kept it from him. Their son. " You knew!" His fingers grasped at tufts of dark hair, almost pulling it painfully, anything to distract him from his anger. " Kid you better watch that tone towards your Mother." Ben rolled his eyes, hating the way his Father spoke to him as if he were 10. The day before he thought he had it all figured out, of course he was scared shitless, but his daughter was perfection, and he thought she wanted him there. And then it all changed. " She doesn't just get to decide I don't get to be a part of this…that I don't get to be around Kyla. " But it was his Mother who interrupted him, her head shaking in dismay. " Of course she does, Ben you asked her to get rid of it…of Kyla. And then she doesn't hear from you for nearly eight months, and now you want to be a part of it, a Father. You hurt her, when she needed you the most, so yes Ben, she does get to keep you away. Poe, and Finn were kind enough to keep a roof over her head, and run her around to her appointments, but they can't offer her the help she'll need. So yes Ben, based on your stupidity, a terrible temper. She will stay here, with our granddaughter, and if you want to be a part of that, I advise you earn that right back. " He looked to his Father, hoping that some small shred that at least he could agree with his son, but his Father was a bigger fan of Rey than even his Mother. " It's not about you Ben. Your tantrums won't win this one, and your Mother is right. But your a smart boy, I'm sure you'll figure it out." There would be no further discussion, his Mother dismissing him, as she collected various items from the living room. A stroller, and carrier, from the looks of it, top of the line, they were leaving shortly to collect Rey, along with his daughter, for their first night at home, and he wouldn't get to be a part of it. -------------------------------- It was nearly two hours later when they arrived back home, a series of flowers and balloons. He noted her movements were slow, from where he sat parked, his Mother aiding her in the cumbersome task. She didn't look as if she'd just given birth, her hair pulled back messily as she rounded the other side of the car, his father stopping her altogether. " You two ladies go inside, I'll get our peanut out." The way his Father's voice boomed with pride made Ben sneer. He should have been the one collecting his daughter from her first car ride home, helping Rey with her as they walked up the walk of his apartment, but instead it was his Father and Mother, getting those first moments, and something about that annoyed him. ====================== Rey knew there was a bit of unfairness to her sudden rebuttal against what she'd said to Ben at the hospital. But when all the visitors were gone, and she had time to rest, and think. She knew it were the right choice. He hadn't wanted a baby, and part of her could understand, they were young, and weren't even really dating. But she was just as surprised as he was, and yet she'd made the right decision, she knew, looking into the face of her daughter, she couldn't have imagined Ben's alternative. Kyla's temper only seemed to be present when she was hungry, or wet, other than that Rey had been blessed with a very easy going baby. Leia and Han had been a godsend. Jumping in whenever they could, without overstepping. They allowed Rey to sleep when she needed, or shower without having to rush, and never once did they bring up Ben's name. He hadn't tried to call her, not that she'd been surprised. But a part of her was disappointed. A part of her wanted to believe his words from the hospital, but a larger part of her was beginning to think she couldn't believe a thing that Ben solo said. Notes: So here is the first little tidbit...hope you all like it! Remember reviews fuel my writing fire <333 Love you all...