Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The beginning of a new semester was his least favorite time of year. He was always on campus, always working—being an MD-PhD student didn’t exactly leave a person with a lot of time off—and the summers were always pleasant. They were warm, they were sunny, and, perhaps best of all, they resulted in the departure of the vast majority of the students. All of campus would grow quiet, leaving him the ability to walk down the sidewalk without bumping into someone or to go get a coffee in peace, and when the students returned, so too did his disdain for the vast majority of the human population. It hadn’t even been a week since classes started, and his patience was already wearing thin as he shouldered his way through the crowds to get to his favorite coffee shop. He usually took a few minutes out of his lunch break to go pick up some caffeine, and he’d found that the coffee shop across the street from the law school was the best place to go. The barista was quick, the coffee was good, and it was less popular than the coffee shop chains that dominated the rest of campus, which meant blessed, beautiful quiet. He couldn’t even breathe a sigh of relief once he walked inside, though. If anything, he only grew more annoyed. The usual barista was there behind the counter, so that wasn’t a change, and there wasn’t a line, so he wasn’t going to have to stand and wait. No, the difference was on his side of the counter, and it was one that was sure to drive him mad. Perched on the seat closest to the counter was a girl that he hadn’t seen before in all the years that he’d been frequenting the coffee shop. She was slender and pretty, her height difficult to gage while she was sitting down, and she was laughing as she explained something to the barista. To anyone else, the sound probably would’ve been warm and inviting. To him, it just made him want to leave. “That’ll just be a minute, Ben,” the barista—Finn—said once he reached the counter. Ben nodded and handed his card over. Finn swiped it without a word and turned his attention back to the girl as he made the espresso for Ben’s drink. “I tried to tell him that it was a terrible idea, but would he listen to me?” she asked. “No.” “I’d say that I can’t believe he did that, but that would be a blatant lie,” Finn said. “I don’t know how you put up with it.” “Neither do I, so I’m just hoping that it’ll last long enough for me to not try to kill him or something. If it doesn’t, we’re going to be in big trouble,” she said. She took a sip from her drink and made a face. “I really need to stop forgetting about these. They really aren’t good once they’re cold.” “I’ll make you another one once I’m done here,” Finn said. “You still good for dinner with Poe and me tomorrow night?” Ben couldn’t stop his head from turning slightly at that question. He’d known Poe Dameron since the two were children—their parents were friends, and Poe was only a couple of years younger than he was. He’d known that Finn and Poe had been dating for the last few months after being friends for a while, but Poe had never made any mention of a girl when he and Ben spoke (which had admittedly become a rarity in and of itself, but still). “Obviously,” the girl said. “Where else would I be?” “I don’t know, you might have had a shift or something,” Finn said. He passed Ben a cup and flashed a smile. “Have a nice day, Ben.” Ben raised his cup in Finn’s direction in a gesture of farewell before he made his way out of the store. He could feel a headache forming as he shouldered his way through the crowds back to the lab where he spent most of his time, and the first thing he did upon reaching the air-conditioned room where most of the lab staff took their lunch was toss back a couple of ibuprofen. He didn’t know where it was that this girl had come from, or why he had never seen her before if she was as close to Finn and Poe as it seemed from their statements, but what he did know was that he wasn’t exactly a fan. She was too… Well, he didn’t know what she was too much of, but it bothered him more than he would care to admit. He didn’t like it when things changed, didn’t like it when people intruded on that which he considered his, and to have her suddenly appear in such a noticeable way was something that he wasn’t comfortable with. He knew most of the regulars at the coffee shop after his routine trips over the last few years, and she wasn’t one of them. His uncle was in the lab when he returned to his station, glancing over the work of everyone who shared the space, and Ben nodded a greeting before he went to work. He didn’t doubt that Luke was going to come over and talk to him, but there was no reason why he couldn’t get some work done in the meantime. His dissertation waited for no one, and he’d already been working on it long enough. The sooner it was finished, the sooner he could move on to his two years of clinical rotations and then residency. Sure enough, less than ten minutes after he sat down, Luke made his way over. Ben didn’t glance up as his uncle took a seat on the stool next to his, too intent on the Petri dish that he was examining. “How’s it going?” Luke asked. “It’s going,” Ben said. “I’ve got a few more cultures to look at, but then I’ll be done for the day.” He set the dish that he was holding down on the tabletop and picked up another. “Sometimes I feel like this is a massive waste of time.” “It’s not,” Luke said. “Not for you, anyway.” He paused for a moment. “You look like something’s bothering you.” “Headache,” Ben said, though his mind flashed to the dark-haired girl from the coffee shop. Luke nodded, the movement registering in Ben’s peripheral vision. “Well, like you said, you’re almost done. Go home, eat something, and do it all again tomorrow. Such is the life of a PhD student.” “It’s miserable,” Ben said. Luke chuckled. “So it is.” He stood up then, resting his hand on Ben’s shoulder for a moment. “Go home and get some rest once you’re done here. That’s what—” “What keeps me healthy, I know,” Ben said. “You know, for an epidemiologist, you put an awful lot of stock into old adages about those sorts of things.” “It’s difficult to argue with the idea that an adequate amount of rest helps to keep your body at an optimal level of function,” Luke said. “Some things are fiction born out of fiction, Ben. Other things are born from truth. I’ll see you tomorrow.” He walked away without waiting for a goodbye, leaving Ben to his research, or perhaps more accurately, to research plagued by the sound of the girl’s laugh playing in his mind over and over again. Notes: Yes, it's another coffee shop AU. No, I'm not sorry. Chapters will be getting longer as we go, so don't think that everything is going to be this short. I'm not capable of short. Also, slow burn. I like slow burn. I don't know why, since I read most slow burn fics and go "JUST KISS ALREADY," but hey. (And before anyone asks: I'm working on the next chapter of don't let your mind speak louder than your heart . It's a difficult story to write from an emotional perspective because I have to look a lot at my own personal timeline in order to get into the right head space, so I decided to jump on something that's fun while I stew over it.) Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Much as his body complained about the lack of decent caffeine, Ben avoided the coffee shop for the better part of three days. Much as he loved everything he bought at Corellian Coffee, it just wasn’t worth the headache that he got when he went in. By the fourth day, though, the headache that persisted from the absence of his usual Shot In The Dark (one cup black coffee plus a shot (or four) of espresso) began to feel even worse than the one he’d developed following his visit earlier that week. He didn’t really want to go and face the inevitable rush of students, but the pounding in his head was very demanding, and the only way to answer it was to go buy a drink and hope for the best. He couldn’t help but silently beg whatever being there was in the universe—not any god, he didn’t believe in a god, but whatever celestial body might happen to govern things—for the absence of anyone but the barista. For that matter, he didn’t really care who was there as long as that girl wasn’t. Of course, the first thing he heard upon walking through the door was the sound of her voice—the universe so loved punishing him—and he nearly turned around and left. The allure of caffeine was too strong, though, and he closed his eyes for a moment before stepping up to the counter. “It’s only been a week and Thad has already managed to set something on fire in lab,” the girl said. “A week, Finn. A week. We’ve had lab once .” “Were you really expecting anything less?” Finn asked as he began to make Ben’s drink. “Didn’t he set the same thing on fire four times in one day last semester?” “Unfortunately,” she said. “I don’t know who told the idiot that being a chemistry major was a good idea, because he causes more problems than he solves.” She took a sip from her drink and shook her head. “And knowing him, he’ll wind up working with fireworks or something and then he’ll really be destroying things.” Finn laughed. “Just hope you wind up in a lab as far away from him as possible.” “Oh, I already do,” she said. “There’s some constant begging of the universe going on over here.” She made a face. “He’s perfectly nice, he’s just…” “Unnecessarily clumsy and not at all concerned with details?” Finn asked. She nodded. “Precisely.” “You’ll be done with him after next year, at least,” Finn said as he traded a full cup for Ben’s debit card. “Did anyone manage to do anything idiotic in lab when you were in college, Ben?” Ben’s eyes widened, and he took a ship of his coffee before speaking. “Sorry?” “I just figured that an MD-PhD student would have some story about something stupid that someone did,” Finn said. He glanced at the girl. “By the way, Rey, this is Ben. He’s one of the regulars. Ben, this is my friend Rey.” “It’s really nice to meet you,” Rey said, offering Ben a smile. He nodded his head once. “Yeah.” Her smile faltered slightly at that, and he watched as she looked at Finn, who shrugged. Her face fell, and she turned her attention back to her drink without looking at Ben again. At one point, there probably would’ve been a part of him that cared about the fact that she seemed bothered by his actions, but he’d spent so long caught up in his work and trying to get through his day-to-day existence that he didn’t really spare much thought for the happiness of those around him. His attention was better spent focusing on how best to finish everything there was for him to do, because there was certainly plenty of it. It was something that his mother chastised him for on the rare occasions that he deigned to talk to her. Much as he loved her (and his father), things between them had been awkward ever since—needless to say, they didn’t speak much, and he knew that she got most of her information on him from Luke. Really, things with Luke were strained too, but the older man was just so settled that he hadn’t seemed to be particularly phased by Ben’s decision that he needed to do something with his life. His uncle’s willingness to take things as they came was something that Ben didn’t really understand, but he didn’t bother to ask either. Luke would just give him some sort of lecture about how “the universe knows what it’s doing” and “we only have so much control over what happens around us.” That was easy for Luke to say. His existence was in order. He didn’t have to think about the mundanities of everyday life in the way that Ben did. Ben shook his head slightly at the thought, only to realize that Finn was looking at him. He raised his cup and nodded. “I’ll see you, Finn.” “I don’t doubt it,” Finn said. Taking a sip of his drink, Ben turned on his heel and made his way to the door. As he stepped outside, he heard Rey’s voice. “What’s his deal?” she asked. “Hell if I know,” Finn said. “He’s always been like that.” The door swung shut, cutting off the sound of their conversation. Before they could wonder why Ben was standing there, he started off down the sidewalk. He didn’t know why she cared. She didn’t have a reason to. They didn’t know each other—Finn introducing them didn’t count—and he clearly wasn’t interested in being friendly, so there was no sense in her taking anything personally. It appeared that she didn’t think of things in the same way that he did, though, or she wouldn’t have bothered to ask. As perplexing as she was, the coffee was enough to cut through his headache, and when he sat down to continue his work once he returned to the lab, he had no difficulty focusing. Things wound down around him as he worked, the other doctoral students and researchers cleaning up their lab stations and trading their lab coats for sweatshirts and jackets denoting their allegiance to this sports team or that college. One of his fellow PhD students paused as she followed a few of the others out the door, resting her hand against the door frame. “Ben?” He glanced up at her, his hair falling into his eyes. “Is there something I can do for you, Marilyn?” She was watching him, a strange look in her eyes, and after a moment she shrugged. “Lex and Tony and I are going out to the bar with a few of the other guys now. You’re welcome to join us if you want to.” He glanced back down at the notes and slides he had in front of him, only to look back over his shoulder at her. “No, I need to finish up here.” “If you’re sure,” she said. “I am,” he said. She nodded then, reaching up to brush a lock of dark hair behind her ear, and then she was gone like the others, the door shutting behind her with a quiet click . He was alone then, the lab silent save for the sound of his pen scratching across the paper and the occasional clink of the slides as he put one on the microscope or settled it back in its box. That was when he did his best work, alone in the quiet, and he remained there for the better part of an hour before he put everything away and left the lab, careful to lock up on his way out. His apartment was dark and quiet when he pushed the door open a while later, as he’d neglected to open the curtains before he left that morning. Technically speaking, he neglected to open the curtains every morning, but it seemed like a waste of time when it was dark outside anyway. It wasn’t dark then though, and the idea of leaving the apartment in the gloom was suddenly unappealing, so he slid the curtains open in the living room. Beams of sunlight fell through the windows to illuminate the dust in the air and the dark leather sofa that sat opposite the television. The sofa was the second-nicest piece of furniture in the apartment (after his bed), something that he’d chosen with careful intention, but as he looked at it then, he couldn’t help the strangeness curling about in his chest. It had made sense when he’d moved into the apartment four years before, back when there had been people in his life that he’d spent time with, when he’d had friends who came over, but things had changed since then. Work had swallowed his life, made it so that there was only one thing that he really thought about, and it wasn’t until then, standing in his empty living room, that he realized something was wrong. What it was, he wasn’t quite sure, and how to fix it remained to be seen as well, but the fact remained that for the first time in years, he wasn’t quite sure what he was doing anymore. He didn’t know who to blame for the realization, either. Notes: Things should start getting longer next chapter—setup takes me a little while and I think I'd go just as nuts as you guys (if not more) if I were writing ten pages of Ben Solo's internal dialogue, so we're keeping things short. Once he's actually talking to more people, chapters will be longer than this (twice as long, probably, if not longer. I like to have 3000+ word chapters when possible). Before anyone worries, Marilyn isn't going to become his girlfriend, I promise (I get annoyed with stories where that happens unless they're done in a very specific way). I don't know if she's even going to be making many more appearances (though now that I've created her, she might have to). At the moment she's just a convenient plot device. Also, did I write about Ben Solo while drinking tea out of a mug with Kylo Ren on it? Possibly. No regrets. (And s/o to me for not making it Jakku Java. We don't need every coffee shop AU to feature that store.)