‘You know what?’ Hux says, gesturing expansively with his fork. ‘I’m probably not even going to go. Let them have their stupid dance, I have more important things on my mind.’ On any usual day, Kylo would ask what things those were exactly. Then that would probably start an argument, and then he would probably end up stabbing Hux in the leg with the cafeteria cutlery. Somehow, today his heart isn’t in it. ‘My dad wants me to go,’ he replies, sullenly, trying to stab his spaghetti into smaller, more manageable pieces. ‘Well, exactly!’ proclaims Hux, with a kind of stern enthusiasm. ‘Don’t go! That’ll show him.’ Kylo rolls his eyes. Whenever it’s Hux’s day to sit on the toilet of the bathroom stall in which they’re accustomed to eating lunch, he gets awful high and mighty. Sure, Kylo’s had to spend the last half hour sitting on the floor and trying to somehow position his gangly limbs in between the walls of the adjoining cubicles, but doesn’t mean he’s somehow forfeited all his power in their dynamic, for fuck’s sake. ‘They’re forcing me to, Hux. My baby cousin wants to go and they said they’ll ground me if I don’t take her.’ Hux contorts his face into an expression of utter contempt. ‘Kylo, this goes against everything we stand for. If you’re going to the dance then we may as well start… trying out for the soccer team, or running for places on the student council.’ Hux enunciates these possibilities in a way that perfectly convey his disgust at, and superiority to, anyone indulging in such frivolities. Kylo could mention that Hux doesn’t seem to see being on the debate team as going against their core principles. He could mention that being in the model UN isn’t exactly striking at the heart of society’s hypocrisies, even if you do use it as an opportunity for grandiose speech-making and waging war on everybody else’s countries. He could mention a whole bunch of stuff. But he is worn out from arguing about the dance with his parents all last night. * * * ‘You might enjoy yourself,’ his mom had told him. ‘C’mon Ben,’ his father had called through from the next room, ‘Rey wants to go, I told Luke you’d take her, no problem. They’re countin’ on us.’ ‘I’m not going to some stupid fuckin’ dance, okay?’ Kylo had muttered. ‘Sorry, didn’t quite catch that, kid.’ ‘I said,’ Kylo had been getting really angry by this point, ‘I can’t take Rey to the dance, she’s my cousin, it’s embarrassing .’ ‘Look, Ben,’ said his mom, resting her hands on the table in the way that showed she was going to stand no nonsense, ‘Once you get there, you won’t even have to see her, she’ll be off having fun with her friends from school. You just need to take her there. That’s all.’ ‘Besides,’ his dad chuckled, ‘You wouldn’t have been complaining about this not so long ago. Remember when you used to tell us how you’d marry Rey when you grew up? How old were you then?’ ‘Dad, I was like, four!’ snapped Kylo. ‘No…’ mused his mom, her hand on her hip. ‘You were older than that… nine? Ten?’ At that point Kylo had stormed off to his room, yelling down to his parents about how unfair they were being, and about how forcing your child to go to a dance probably counted as abuse anyway. * * * Kylo lets out a frustrated huff at the mere memory of his suffering. ‘Look, Hux,’ he says, setting down his plate of spaghetti. ‘You can do whatever you want, I don’t care, but I’m going. And not because I want to.’ Kylo stands up, takes his satchel, and storms out of the cubicle, leaving Hux alone with an abandoned plate of half-eaten spaghetti. * * * ‘Are you sure you don’t want to be in any of the pictures, Ben?’ Kylo scowls, and shoves his hands even deeper into the pockets of his peacoat. ‘I will take that as a ‘no’,’ his mother replies, frowning before returning to taking pictures of Rey, some of them also featuring Kylo’s Uncle Luke. ‘There’s no point taking the photos on the front lawn,’ mutters Kylo in a tone low enough that only his dad can hear him, ‘Her dress is, like, practically the same colour as the grass. She’ll blend seamlessly into the background.’ His dad sighs in frustration. ‘I’m sure your mom knows what she’s doing, Ben. I work on that assumption in almost all situations. Also,’ he looks over at Kylo, You could at least try to enjoy yourself. Won’t any of your friends be there? What about the ginger boy? What’s his name… Brendol?’ ‘I thought the ginger one was Elan?’ Kylo’s mom suggests, apparently having completed her mission as official photographer to the Skywalkers. ‘He’s called Hux, ’ Kylo replies through gritted teeth. ‘And anyway, he’s not going.’ ‘Oh, well, that’s a shame,’ his mother says, placing a comforting hand on Kylo’s shoulder, even though there’s nothing to comfort him about. ‘I thought seniors didn’t need a date to be able to go?’ frowns Han, scratching his head in bemusement, ‘Boy, all these rules. When we had high school dances I just took both your mother and Uncle Luke as my dates so that we could all still enjoy the party, y’know?’ ‘Well, those were simpler times,’ smiles Luke, his arm around Rey. ‘ Gross times,’ counters Kylo, ‘Because dating two siblings is gross. ’ ‘I’m so sorry about our son, Luke,’ Han says, leading Kylo towards the car, ‘The younger generation are very prudish and very disrespectful.’ Kylo gets into the front passenger seat, throwing a pointedly smug glance at Rey to highlight his good luck in gaining this prestigious position. Unfortunately, Rey doesn’t seem to notice, and slips into the backseat without complaining. All the way to the dance Rey talks excitedly about all the fun her, Poe, and Finn are going to have, and Han chatters back indulgently. Kylo stares out of the window, and thinks about how much he’d like to be basically anywhere else in the world, but particularly somewhere where he can sit with Hux and complain about the widespread societal evil of polite conversation. ‘All right, have fun,’ Kylo’s dad winks as he drops them off outside the school. ‘Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.’ He pulls out of the carpark and drives off. ‘Well,’ says Kylo, ‘That limits us basically not at all, doesn’t it?’ ‘I guess so,’ grins Rey, ‘But you won’t get to do any of those things unless you actually try and enjoy yourself for once!’ She runs off into the gym before Kylo can think of anything witty to say in response, and so instead he trudges along after her, resigned to experiencing the worst four hours of his life . However, when he gets through the door he’s surprised to see a familiar figure stood over by the punchbowl. ‘Hux?’ he asks, ‘What the fuck are you doing here? I thought you weren’t coming.’ Hux scowls down at his drink, and Kylo isn’t sure if the scowl is for him or the sweet, non-alcoholic fruit drink offered by the student council. ‘Yes, well. I changed my mind. Besides, this way we can observe the depravity that is our classmates ‘cutting loose’ first-hand.’ Kylo nods, although in truth he’s still somewhat bewildered by Hux’s presence. He gets his own cup of punch, and they go and sit at one of the tables laid out around the ‘dancefloor.’ For the time being, their fellow attendees seem a little awkward. There’s a mixture of established couples, tentative first dates, lower school students who desperately asked out whatever senior they could, and groups of friends just there to have a good time and blow off steam. So far, the separate groups aren’t mingling together very much, and, though horrendous pop music is blasting through the speakers, nobody seems keen to be the first ones to start the dancing. Hux produces a hipflask from the inside pocket of his suit jacket, and pours a little of its contents into his cup of punch. He offers it to Kylo, who holds his own drink out for Hux to spike. ‘I tried to sneak some whisky out of my parents’ drinks cupboard but they caught me,’ Kylo tells him, slightly resentful that it wasn’t him who had been able to get the alcohol into a strictly no-drink event. ‘My parents trust me,’ Hux replies, smiling with faux piety. ‘And besides,’ he continues, ‘I’ve been sneaking this in miniscule amounts at a time for months now. Impossible for them to notice.’ Kylo feels that sneaking out alcohol in small, unspectacular stages is something of an underhand move, unlike the pure, honest, gesture that trying to stuff a half bottle of spirits in his coat pocket unnoticed had been. His plan had required nerve and bravery . Hux didn’t make bold, dramatic bids for glory, just small imperceptible steps towards a victory that felt inevitable once it arrived. This was entirely the reason why they didn’t play chess together anymore. Kylo took a gulp of his drink. ‘Shit, Hux, what is this?’ he asks, recoiling from the cup of spiked punch. ‘Well I couldn’t have snuck it all out from one bottle,’ reasons Hux, before continuing proudly, ‘There’s eleven different kinds of alcohol in this hipflask, and every one the finest money can buy.’ Without warning, Rey, Finn, and Poe surge onto the floor, and begin dancing with excessive enthusiasm, spreading themselves out and flailing their limbs wildly to fill the whole space with just the three of them. ‘Oh god.’ Kylo puts his head in his hand. He can’t believe he is related to so many unsalvagablely embarrassing people. ‘Hey, Kylo,’ sniggers Hux, ‘Shouldn’t you be joining your date ?’ Kylo sticks his middle finger up at him, and takes another swig of his punch. The cups are small, and their elation at having illicit alcohol has led them to drink quickly. They both go back for more, which is surreptitiously topped up from Hux’s flask. By the time they return to their seats, the dynamic of the dancefloor has changed somewhat. Though Kylo’s loath to admit it, Rey and her friends’ strategy actually seems to have worked. Now that they’ve broken the ice, plenty of other people have joined them, initially just other members of their friendship group, but before long plenty of other people as well. ‘Ridiculous,’ scoffs Hux, and Kylo agrees with him. They drink punch and spread the most malicious gossip they’ve heard for the next hour or so, but before long their material starts to wear a little thin. Sure, there are plenty of jokes that can be made about the time Mitaka was supposedly caught wanking in health class, but once you’ve said all of them, what more is there to add, really? Fortunately, just as the stream of rumours and intrigue begins to run dry, there is a new development in the trajectory of the dance. The music slows, and the dancers draw in their partners close, and begin to kiss and fondle them in ways Kylo personally feels should never be seen in public on fear of death. ‘Did someone actually spike the punch for real?’ Kylo asks. ‘No,’ replies Hux, his nose wrinkling in disgust, ‘I think they’re all just very sexually frustrated.’ People who brought dates are generally kissing them – with a few scandalous exceptions – and some couples seem to have paired off randomly over the course of the evening. Even Phasma seemed to have somehow found a girl in a green dress and – wait… was that? It couldn’t be… Shit. ‘Hux.’ Kylo tugs urgently at his friend’s sleeve. ‘Hux, we need to get out of here, Phasma’s got her tongue down my cousin’s throat and I think I’m just about ready to hurl.’ Hux looks over at the couple, and back at Kylo. He gets up and gestures for Kylo to follow him. They slip behind a banner put up as decoration for the dance, and Hux pushes open a door leading to the science classrooms. Kylo follows him to a room at the end of the darkened corridor where he thinks they might have taken Biology in freshman year. The room has the strange, gassy smell common to all science classrooms, and is plastered with displays about the parts of a cell and corny posters about how you can achieve anything if you just try . Hux sits down on the floor at the back of the room, leaning against a cupboard used for storing Bunsen burners. Kylo joins him. The room is dim, but there’s still light streaming in from outside through the large windows behind them. ‘You think they’d lock the doors,’ Kylo observes. ‘They did,’ Hux informs him, ‘All the ones to and from the gym apart from this one. The lock on that door’s been broken for ages. The school is too cheap to fix it so they’ve been hoping no one notices for about two years now.’ Kylo nods – secretly impressed – before remembering recent events in the gym. ‘Fuckin’ hell,’ he curses, ‘I am never going to be free of the image of Phasma trying to impregnate my cousin via the oesophagus. Gross.’ ‘It was pretty gross,’ admits Hux, ‘Although, did you see Jess Pava? Snap Wexley’s given her a massive hickey. My father would kill me if I came home like that.’ Kylo is suddenly thoughtful, something which doesn’t escape Hux’s notice. ‘Don’t even think about it,’ he tells him, wagging his index finger warningly, and perhaps a little tipsily. ‘Unlike you, Kylo, I don’t actually want to annoy my father.’ ‘Well, I wasn’t thinking of you being the one getting the hickey,’ Kylo retorts. Hux folds his arms, and looks at Kylo with disgust. ‘Well, fuck , Hux, you don’t have to do it,’ snaps Kylo, ‘I just thought that scandalising and riling up the complacency of the establishment was what we were supposed to be about, or whatever.’ Hux’s posture relaxes a little. Kylo wonders if he’s considering it. ‘I’ll do it,’ Hux agrees, ‘But you owe me a favour.’ ‘Right. Sure.’ Kylo adds it to the mental list of favours he owes Hux that will almost certainly never be repaid. He’s building up quite a collection. They shift their positions so that they are kneeling and facing each other. ‘So,’ says Hux, frowning determinedly, ‘Where do I do it?’ ‘I believe the neck is traditional,’ replies Kylo with heavy sarcasm, ‘Otherwise I could probably just do it to myself, couldn’t I?’ ‘Well, unless you start being nicer to me, that’ll be your only option,’ Hux huffs, but he’s already leaning his head in towards Kylo’s. He begins to suck at the sensitive skin towards the front of Kylo’s throat. It’s tentative at first, but before long, and because of who it is he’s entrusted his neck to, things get a little more vicious, the bruises being sucked in harder, and Hux experimenting with nibbling and biting as well. Hux pulls away to admire his handiwork, and Kylo is a little disappointed it’s over so soon. He’d been quite enjoying the sensation, even if it had been, y’know, Hux. ‘What does it feel like?’ Hux asks, looking at Kylo’s neck curiously. ‘I don’t know,’ replies Kylo. ‘Kind of nice, I think. How do I look?’ Hux considers the question. ‘Fairly debauched,’ he muses, ‘But still plenty of room for debasement.’ Hux always uses words like that in a tone which conveys absolute disdain whilst somehow at the same time expressing the whole range of delights that such things might entail. Kylo quite enjoys that tone. Kylo offers his neck to Hux, who resumes the process of sucking and biting with vigour. Hux smells of something musky and expensive, and his slicked back red hair scratches at Kylo’s jawline as he goes about his work. The sensation of Hux’s mouth on his neck is causing a tight, hot feeling in certain areas of Kylo’s body which is of course everything to do with what is happening to him, not the fact that it’s Hux of all people. Hux pulls away again, and scrutinises his handiwork. He leans back in for one final artistic flourish, a small suck and a bite right above Kylo’s Adam’s apple. ‘Very fine work, if I do say so myself,’ Hux announces. ‘There’s no way anyone can ignore this. A masterpiece.’ Clearly Hux is destined to be an egotist in all things. Kylo stands up and walks over to the fume cupboard, admiring Hux’s work in the dim reflection on its glass front. There are several large, brownish red marks running down the right side of his neck, along with some more lightly sucked areas, and a small dark brown mark right in the centre of his throat. ‘This looks so inappropriate,’ Kylo says, with barely disguised admiration. ‘Hey, Hux,’ he continues, turning to face his friend. ‘About that favour… want to see how it feels?’ It’s hard to tell in this light but Kylo thinks Hux’s face might be a little pinker than usual. ‘The whole point behind this was that my dad would actually kill me .’ ‘Okay,’ concedes Kylo, ‘But I could do it somewhere no one could see.’ Hux thinks for a moment, nibbling at his bottom lip as he considers the offer. ‘All right,’ he says at last, taking off his bow tie and unbuttoning his shirt to expose a slice of pale flesh. Kylo positions Hux so his back is against the cabinet, and leans down, going for a spot just below the collarbone. He tries to repeat what Hux did to him. It seems to be working because before long Hux’s breaths are coming quicker, and although Kylo might be imagining it he thinks he can hear his heart pounding through his chest. He pulls back when he reasons he’s done enough to leave a decent mark, and it’s oddly pleasing to see a brownish-purple bruise flowering beneath Hux’s soft, pinkish skin. He realises he’s been pinning Hux’s wrists up against the glass of the cupboard this whole time, but moving them now might make the gesture look like a mistake. He decides to commit to it. ‘How’s that?’ he asks. Hux nods. ‘It’s… interesting,’ allows Hux. ‘Is that… do you think… is that what kissing feels like too?’ Kylo gawps, and Hux immediately seems to have realised his mistake, scowling and flushing. ‘You mean you’ve never?’ ‘Evidently not,’ Hux snaps. ‘If you want,’ says Kylo, still holding Hux against the cupboard without really thinking about it. ‘I could... I mean if you want to know what it’s like?’ Hux looks at him, then gives a small nod. Kylo leans back in, but this time he presses their lips together. He opens his mouth against Hux’s, and Hux follows his lead. Kylo flicks his tongue into Hux’s mouth, and he responds enthusiastically, breaking Kylo’s grip to grab the front of his coat and pull him in closer. Truth be told, Kylo doesn’t have a tremendous amount of experience in this area either, but he licks into Hux’s mouth and bites at his bottom lip and chalks it all up to good experience. Hux’s hands tangle in Kylo’s hair, and Kylo’s own drift down to grip Hux’s waist. After an uncertain amount of time, Hux pulls abruptly away. ‘Something’s wrong,’ he announces. They both listen. The music isn’t playing. ‘Shit!’ exclaims Kylo, pulling back, ‘The dance has finished. I need to find Rey!’ ‘My mother will be waiting,’ says Hux, buttoning his shirt and slinging his bowtie unfastened around his neck. They scurry, unnoticed, back into the gym. It seems that the dance must have not long finished – there are still a few stragglers saying their farewells and enthusing about the events of the evening – and no one gives them a second glance as they slip back out into the carpark. Kylo spots Han’s car, but Rey is still with Finn and Poe so he hangs back for a while. ‘Let me know how it goes, Kylo,’ says Hux. ‘I will.’ Kylo pauses. ‘Do you know you’re the only person who actually calls me that?’ ‘What?’ ‘‘Kylo.’’ ‘Oh. Well, you’re the only person who calls me just ‘Hux’ I suppose.’ They stand together in silence for a moment. ‘Hey, by the way, Hux…’ He’s about to ask if he wants to hang out outside of school sometime, but when he turns back around Hux has already headed off in the direction of his parents’ Mercedes. Kylo shrugs it off, and heads towards Rey and his father. Kylo turns around to face his dad, who is distracted by fiddling with some buttons on the stereo. He’s had a sort of okay evening in the end. The only way it could possibly be any better would be if he gets to have a massive row with his father on the ride home. Kylo settles back into his seat, for once with a broad grin on his face. Perfect.