Kylo was going to kill him, no question about it. Hux snickered and snapped the last scrunchy into place, humming to himself. He had found a box of the accessories in Phasma's office and decided to borrow a few, not entirely sure why he wanted to. Without a doubt, the best decision he had ever made. The two of them were sprawled out on Hux's bed, Kylo napping against Hux's chest. Kylo had pulled Hux out of a meeting an hour earlier and as hard as it was to stay bitter after what he had let Kylo do to him, Hux somehow managed. And besides, he was enjoying his revenge almost as much as he had enjoyed having the brains fucked out of him. Kylo actually had more than enough hair to make two sturdy little ponytails, one on either side of his head. It had taken a few tries, but Hux had figured out the mechanics of a braid, and he had put this newfound knowledge to very good use. With his masterpiece finally complete he bit back a laugh and rested against the pillows, appreciating his work. Oddly enough, the hair suited Kylo, although it sort of made him look like a little girl. A six foot tall, built, scary little girl, but Hux digressed. Adorable, really, but there would be hell to pay if he told that to Kylo. He leaned forwards, intending to kiss all of the freckles and spots on Kylo's face, knowing that it would take a fair chunk of time. He was about an eighth of the way through when Kylo blinked himself awake and tilted his head back, so Hux's lips brushed against his collarbone. "You have training in twenty minutes." Hux mumbled against Kylo's neck. "Do I?" Kylo murmured, lifting himself up and pressing a hungry kiss to Hux's lips. Sloppy, inelegant, Hux had grown to enjoy the inexperienced abandon in Kylo's touch. "Mm." Hux breathed. "I love what you've done with your hair, by the way." Kylo opened his eyes, suddenly on edge. "What." Hux couldn't help it. He snickered. "What the fuck did you do, Hux?" Kylo scrambled overtop of Hux, grabbing for the mirror on the bedside table. He growled and fell back on the mattress while Hux guffawed, holding onto the side of the bed for fear of toppling off. "I'm gonna fucking kill you..." "Come now, you're overreacting." Hux managed between giggles. He tucked a strand of Kylo's hair behind his ear and smirked. "I've made you pretty. Appreciate how difficult that must have been." “You son of a bitchin’ bastard…” Growling, Kylo tackled Hux around the waist, slamming him into the mattress. He bit down Hux's chest and stomach, grumbling the whole way down. Oh, rage sex. That was Hux's favourite kind. "Easy, easy-" Hux protested, squirming as Kylo slipped a hand down Hux's shorts and pawed at his half hard cock. Unfortunately, and this was made apparent when Kylo tightened his grip, he didn't seem to know the meaning of the word. Not that Hux had a problem with that. He whined and tilted his head back, looking up at the fuming knight with a sly smirk on his face. "Well someone's testy..." Kylo rolled his eyes and yanked Hux's shorts so they dangled off of an ankle. He plopped himself between Hux's bare legs, smoothing his hands gently over the skin, still keeping up his litany of abuse. "Hux, I'm gonna kill you. And then I'm gonna kill your cat." As he said that he was already sucking gently on the head of Hux's cock, pulling the foreskin taut with his teeth. Hux sighed and closed his eyes, tangling his fingers in the sheets. "What happened to killing me?" "That comes later." Kylo murmured, his breath warm and husky against Hux’s body. One hand was between Hux's legs, fingers digging into sweat streaked skin, while the other worked at tugging the scrunchies out of his hair. Hux shook his head in protest, reaching down to still Kylo’s hands. "Leave them in, please? I worked so hard. Besides, it keeps it all out of the way." “If you say so…” Smiling the way he always did on those rare occasions when he got his way, Hux rested a hand on Kylo's head while the latter teased him with his tongue and teeth. It was nice, but Kylo could do more, if only he wouldn’t insist on acting like a sulky child. “Ren…” Hux whined. “Quit playing, would you? Just get me off so we can both go back to more important things.” “I don’t feel like it. I’m taking my sweet fucking time with you.” He nipped at the base of Hux’s cock, eliciting a sharp gasp. “It’s not like you’re gonna ask me to stop…” No, he wouldn’t, and Kylo knew that all too well. Hux screwed up his face and shuddered, feeling Kylo’s fingers circling his hole before withdrawing with torturous finality. Force, this man was insufferable. There must be a way to take him down a peg. Without really thinking about it he grabbed hold of one of the pigtails and yanked Kylo closer, wanting more out of him. Not an unreasonable request, really, not compared to the crap he had to deal with. To put it simply, people thought he never sat down because of his lifetime of military discipline, while in actuality his ass was just sorta wrecked because the son of a bitch currently choking on Hux's dick couldn't slow the fuck down. The way he saw it, Kylo owed him, big time. "You motherfucker..." Kylo sputtered. He dug his fingernails into Hux's sides and tried to pull away, the ensuing stream of expletives doing wonders for Hux’s cock. Hux moaned in appreciation, yanking more insistently at Kylo’s braids, listening for the chokes and gags that sent delicious pulses straight down to his cock. The best part was that Kylo could have pulled away, really. He was the one with the Force. He could have frozen Hux, pinned him to the bed and left him that way, dick painfully hard and needy for any touch. He could just as easily have knocked Hux out, taken what he wanted, and left with not so much as a sidelong glance. The fact that he didn’t was rather flattering, actually. He growled something around Hux’s dick, twisting his head around insistently. It sounded a bit like a fuck you but Hux wasn’t entirely sure, so he just tightened his grip and snorted. “Oh please, Ren. You're enjoying this as much as-" Suddenly Kylo stopped pulling away and pushed himself downwards with uncalled for ferocity. Hux was greeted with the sight of his cock disappearing down Kylo’s throat, the wet warmth of his tongue and mouth incredibly overwhelming and fuck if it that wasn’t enough to push him to the edge of reason itself. “Ren, what are you-“ He wasn’t able to finish his sentence, heat gripping him from the inside out, burning through his whole body as Kylo moved up and down, his throat twitching around Hux’s cock. He gasped and shuddered, hips caught in a spasm as his hands lost their grip on Kylo and fell trembling onto the sheets. Kylo snorted and pulled away from Hux to watch him ride out the orgasm. It looked like it was gonna be a good one, especially from this angle. “What was that, Hux? I couldn’t quite hear you.” he teased, a hand pumping at Hux’s cock, the other keeping his legs spread. One of his braids had come undone, letting a curtain of black hair flop over his face, hiding one of his eyes. “What were you gonna say?” Hux opened his mouth to find he could produce nothing but a throaty moan. Honest to goodness, words were too difficult a concept for Hux to grasp at the moment. What had Kylo reduced him to? “Ren, shit Ren I-” he choked on his words, his whole body trembling like a leaf, muscles jerking on their own accord, shifting beneath red, shiny skin. “I…oh…” And then he was coming, white fuzz washing over his brain and a small cry escaping between his lips. He was vaguely aware of a wet heat on his stomach, a high squeak from the mattress, but mostly he was focused on Kylo’s smug face above him. The haze lasted for a good minute, letting him coast along before he had to begin piecing back together the when and who and what of it. The who came back first. "Ren..." Hux let out one last quiet gasp of Kylo's name, a little tremble of an aftershock tripping lazily through his body. "Fuck me, Ren that was wonderful..." "At least one of us thinks so." Kylo grumbled, licking up the white lines streaking Hux's freckled chest. When the mess was gone he rested his cheek on the inside of Hux's thigh and scowled up at his flushed face. How he'd love to stay and keep staring at those lust-addled eyes, but he had a timing to meet. Oh well. Maybe he'd come across Hux in a supply closet. Miracles happen, you know. "You're a dick." he said curtly, biting down on Hux's side before rolling out of bed. Hux sighed in satisfaction and stretched, reaching for the pack of cigarettes lying on the floor while he watched Kylo dress. Drawstring pants, grey singlet, gloves, all the clothes that had been thoughtlessly cast aside earlier. And thank the stars for that. Hux imagined Kylo standing in front of Snoke, trying to explain away the sticky mess drying on his front. "Gah, that's too weird. Stop thinking about that." Kylo complained. Hux grinned and took a long pull on his cigarette, letting the smoke waft slowly out of his barely open mouth, the tingle of tobacco numbing his tongue. "I might stop if you keep your hair that way..." "I've said it once and I'll say it again. You're a dick." Kylo snapped off the last scrunchy and tossed it onto the floor, glaring at it in disgust. "I'm not a fucking tauntaun. I don't need a bridle." “You bit me.” Hux claimed. "You deserved it." "What? No I didn't." He tied his hair back in a ponytail and tried to nudge Hux's legs apart with his own. "Lemme see." Hux rolled his eyes but obliged, smirking at the sight of Kylo considering his crotch while wearing such a serious expression. "I'm considering reporting this, you know. Trying to bite my dick off seems like assault..." Hux said around his cigarette. "Fucking drama queen..." Kylo twisted up his face, not getting what Hux was complaining about. Everything down there seemed pretty damn normal to him. Sure, Hux's dick was dark pink and throbbing out watery drops of come, but when wasn't it? He rubbed the tip with his thumb, his gloves rough on the tingling skin. “Hey. Off.” Hux swatted Kylo away and cupped a hand protectively over his crotch. “It’s tender.” "Little bitch..." Kylo clipped his lightsaber onto his belt and thrust his face forwards, getting one last begrudging kiss out of Hux. "See you tonight?" "No promises." he breathed, blowing smoke into Kylo's face. "But, if something were to happen, you'd be making me pay for this, wouldn't you?" "Count on it." Kylo tugged at Hux's hair and clambered out of bed, leaving the door wide open behind him when he strode out of the room. Typical, and especially vexing when you remember that the doors are supposed to close on their own. After dealing with that Hux stubbed out his cigarette and tossed it into the ashtray on his nightstand, pulling open a drawer as he did. Kylo had snapped two or three of the hair ties, but there was another strip of them tucked in Hux’s sock drawer, a good fifteen at least. These would last him awhile, Hux decided as he grinned and slipped a few onto his wrist. After all, never hurts to be prepared.