Advent The sun shone brightly upon them, her arm holding the lightsaber to him. To Luke Skywalker. His bushy brows furrowed, and his blue eyes studied her intently. Inside, Rey's stomach roiled. Only he could teach her what she was so afraid of. The Force. His eyes darted behind her for a moment and he sighed, closing them. "Rey." His voice barely a whisper over the surf. He took a breath and walked to her. He laid his hand over the lightsaber, his calloused hand grasping it. She let go and he examined the hilt, his eyes flickering over it as he turned it in his hand. His gaze returned to her. "I hoped it would have been a peaceful time when you arrived here. I wish things were different." He closed his eyes, and turned his head to the side, his jaw clenched. Rey found her voice. "Leia sent me here. For you to train me. Chewbacca and R2 came with." The Jedi sighed and nodded and motioned them down the path. A small crevice led into a chamber within the island itself. Numerous books and holotablets were stacked and a few were littered on a woven beige rug, with cushions nearby. Across the room a small generator stood quietly with several appliances nearby including a hotplate and refresher unit built into the wall. Luke sat on a cushion near the books and she sat across from him. She reached into her pack and brought out a hologram from Leia. "She also sent this..." Luke nodded and activated it. The image of Leia Organa appeared. Rey watched intently, she did not activate it during the trip to Ach-to. "Luke..." The words were awkward out of Leia's mouth, who Rey had only known as confident and sure in her actions. "I sent this message with Rey, she was with Han... " Leia's voice threatened to break at the last words. The general visibly swallowed and took a few breaths, steadying herself. " And our son Ben. I know you felt it when it happened. I feel... I feel Ben is just as conflicted. He hasn't fallen to the Dark side completely." Leia's words were pleading, almost as if she was trying to convince herself. Rey felt pity for her, but didn't agree that the man named Kylo Ren was redeemable. Leia shook her head and continued, her eyes narrowed accusingly. "Rey was found on Jakku. Same as where I sent my best pilot to obtain the map from Lor San Tekka. Ren also killed him in the search for the map to you, for Snoke." She paused. "I know you need to train Rey but your presence would help the Resistance and the New Republic, knowing that the Jedi is supporting our cause. Despite all that has happened... you're still my family. You are all I have left. I need you, the galaxy needs you. You know where you can reach me on Coruscant or one of my lieutenants. I look forward to your missive and seeing you as soon as time allows." Leia's image faded from the hologram. Luke said nothing but stared at where the image faded. Rey replayed the memory in her mind; she felt a shiver go up her spine. "Someone on Jakku had a map to you? What does she mean by that?" Her voice broke Luke's thoughts and the blue eyes darted to her face. "Yes. Lor San Tekka was a close friend to Leia and myself. He volunteered to live on Jakku and watch over you until the right time." "I knew no one by that name. I was alone!" Rey couldn't keep the heat from her voice. "How... how much do you know about my past!?" "It's a long tale. The descendants of Anakin Skywalker interwoven with yours." For a moment, his eyes looked pained. He hesitated, then spoke. "I will share with you one day. I promise, when you're ready. For now, we must focus on your training. I cannot have you fall to the Dark Side. Lets fetch your belongings, Chewbacca and R2." Ren paced in his apartment on the Muunilinst base, his black tunic rustling with every step. He had the lights dimmed, his lightsaber and helmet lay on the table. Try as he might, he still felt the fragile scar tissue stretch over his face. But that wasn't the biggest thought in his mind; the scar was only a slight annoyance. It was she who gave him that scar. Rey. The first time he heard of her, wasn't when the droid was stolen on his father's old ship. It was when he entered Lor San Tekka's thoughts briefly regarding where the missing map piece was to Luke Skywalker. Tekka was no Force user, and strangely he attempted to hide that information more than the map. He heard his uncle's voice speak to old man "Watch over her, from a distance. I can't see far ahead in the Force, but if twenty years pass or I contact you sooner, bring her to me. She is our hope now." What was his uncle up to? Then he found out later she ended up with the missing BB8 unit. The Dark Side flared slightly within him from the memory. The dots started to connect in his mind. She was Force sensitive, and somehow his uncle felt that she was their hope. The thought initially unsettled Ren. Did Luke have a vision? About this unknown girl? Ren's thoughts raced on. A tip took them to Takodana where he followed her into the woods... and he toyed with her senses. She wasn't strong in the Force yet, and he easily overwhelmed her. He brought her, unconscious, back to Starkiller. As she slept he studied her. Her skin tanned from the sun and her hands calloused. Strands of her hair, free of her buns, lightly curled around her face. She didn't appear to be a threat then. He underestimated her. Ren's memory took him to the snow, the cold air chilling and the earth below them breaking away. She refused to come back with him. His hand, of its own free will drifted to his cheek and touched the scar. The tissue rose above the rest of his skin, and there was a slight soreness as he touched it. Ren took his hand away as if the scar was hot to the touch and ground his teeth. She refused him and left him with a scar he'd always remember her by. And now this. Feeling her presence in his mind. Rey was far away. It was strange... what could that mean? He had always felt his parents' and his uncle's presences... but they were related. But her, an outsider. Was she aware of him? His mother was distraught and determined. Luke Skywalker however was hesitant and concerned. Ren never felt much from his uncle, wherever he was hiding in the galaxy. Rey though... she felt nervous and also frustrated. She must be with Luke. They were in the same direction from him. A beep at the door announced a visitor. After he adorned his helmet and clipped the lightsaber to his waist he allowed the visitor to enter. Two stormtroopers saluted. "Sir, the Supreme Leader is ready to see you now." Ren nodded and followed them into the hallway. Various patrols passed by, their steps echoing on the shiny black tile below. The audience chamber Snoke used was far away on the base, in one of the extinct volcanoes on Muunilist. The planet itself was rich in resources, precious metals mined from ancient lava flows and mountains alike. After the collapse of the Jedi academy on Yavin 4 Snoke fled with Ren here. Muunilinst was near the outskirts of the galaxy, where the Empire retreated after the fall of Palpatine. There was a struggle with the dregs of the Empire at that time, several Grand Moffs had delusions that they would be able to lead. Snoke begged for sanctuary, and after playing the moffs against each other and removing his rivals, became the leader of the First Order. Snoke had Ren pay attention to his manipulations. The escort stopped outside the chamber and allowed Ren to enter. Several sconces on the walls lit the room, but it provided meager light. The dark tile weakly reflected and resounded every step Ren took. Not surprisingly, Hux was kneeling before the Supreme Leader. Snoke sat upon his pedestal as usual, the single skylight shining down upon him. Ren stopped a few steps away from them and waited patiently. "- the base showed the demonstration of the First Order. Now we must strike before they can react. I will be sending you a missive and our next plans. You are dismissed General." Snoke's gravelly voice rasped. Hux stood and saluted. His eyes narrowed at Ren but said nothing as he left. Snoke's black eyes followed Hux until he exited the chamber. Ren took several steps forward and knelt. He saw his mask reflected in the black tile below. "Kylo Ren." "Supreme Leader. I killed Han Solo as you requested." The memories of his father's last moments flashed before his eyes. And something else... "Snoke's just using you. For your power. Once he's through. He'll crush you." Han Solo's voice echoed in his mind. Ren quelled the unease he felt. "So you have. Yet, I still feel you are tempted by the Light Side." Snoke's raspy voice mused. Ren said nothing to the statement. He remembered his shock of when his lightsaber plunged into his father's torso. He felt regret for the action. Ren tried to brush the feeling aside but it still remained. "General Hux told me he found you in the snow, wounded. With your tenacity of practicing your blade I doubt you cut yourself. Remove your mask Kylo Ren." Ren clenched his jaw and moved to press the release on the mask. The familiar hiss activated and he slipped the helmet from his head. He stared up at the Supreme Leader. Snoke was staring intently at him, his black eyes darker than the tile beneath him. His skin papery white and the scar Luke Skywalker gave him shadowed a small crevice on his skull. Ren swallowed and responded "After Han Solo died by my hand I chased after the traitor and the scavenger. I knocked her out to kill the traitor, but she came to after I finished him. She called for Darth Vader's lightsaber, and it went to her hand. We dueled. I hoped to weaken her, to have her come back to study under me. She used the Force and caught me by surprise." The words stung. Ren hated the memory. "Interesting. Perhaps she is stronger than previously thought." Snoke said quietly. Ren ground his teeth. He tried to tell the Supreme Leader this before! "Do not underestimate her again Kylo Ren. In the coming time here I will instruct you of additional spells, granting you further prowess with the Dark Side." Ren kept his face still, but inside he felt eager. To be stronger, this is what he needed. Snoke looked intently at him, his eyes furrowed. "You have a question. Voice it." "Supreme Leader. I can feel Rey's presence. Through the Force. I can sense she is with Luke Skywalker now. I am not sure what it means." Ren's voice trailed off. Snoke's interested piqued at the statement, and his eyes glittered. "You have developed a Force Bond with her. We can use this to our advantage..." Ren felt conflicted hearing the pleasure and anticipation in Snoke's voice. As much as he wanted to please his master with the information, he now wished he kept it to himself. Snoke continued "She won't be able to learn as best as she can from Skywalker now, with you influencing her. Practice your forms more, using the Dark Side. It will make it hard for her to resist..." "As you wish Supreme Leader." His voice responded naturally. "I will summon you in a few days time. Dismissed." Ren exited the chamber, his thoughts racing. He could be Rey's teacher, and would be the better teacher. His emotions felt buoyed, she rejected him but she wouldn't be able to for long. His thoughts darted to Snoke's comments on her... and he felt a threat of jealousy. Rey was strong... her skill and innate abilities fascinating. A small part of Ren wanted Rey to himself... He pushed the thought down. They could both serve Snoke, only he could bring order to the galaxy. Ren's mind returned to locating and educating Rey. Would Luke find out? He would need to find how he could reach her through the bond. Maybe he could find out exactly where they were. Ren decided he'd meditate and focus on her as soon as he returned to his quarters. Chapter 2 : Inevitable Rey rested on the lumpy mattress staring up at the stone ceiling. It was dark in the small alcove where she slept, a curtain gave her privacy from the main sitting area. Luke said nothing more about her past as they moved Chewbacca and R2 into the small dwelling. She ate quietly while the Jedi asked Chewbacca generic questions. Rey felt he was avoiding sensitive subjects with her, and it made her feel frustrated. After their meal they exited the dwelling, leaving Rey with R2. The droid beeped sadly at her and stayed put, there was not much room for him to roam. Rey decided to look through some books Luke had, most contained histories of the Jedi. Some interested her, she flipped through several pages of different blade forms. Many were not unlike the attacks and counters she used with her staff. Another one described meditation, how it can calm restlessness and urges with the Dark Side. Rey's mind took her to the battle in the snow, hovering over Kylo Ren, her lightsaber in hand. A deep voice in her mind spoke clearly and strongly. Destroy him! The ground broke between them, and thankfully prevented her from killing him. The voice in her mind scared her, deep and rasping, urging to strike. She had never killed another before. Rey had left those back on Jakku who attempted to steal knocked out. Rey shivered and turned over. Maybe she could try to meditate now. Rey focused on breathing evenly, and closed her eyes... even though the darkness of the chamber was nearly pitch black. She couldn't say how much time had passed but she started to feel separate from her body. Rey felt a tug within her soul and somehow her spirit moved, despite having no body. An image appeared. A woman, her skin tanned from the sun and dark brown hair appeared. Her hazel eyes were warm, wrinkles creasing at the edges. Rey knew she was actually younger than she looked. The visage tickled her memories. The woman smiled sadly at her. Rey remembered the woman now, the memory jolting her. Her mother. She wanted to cry, but as she floated, viewing the image she had no physical eyes to do so. She had blocked the memory of her mother after struggling, scavenging for her life on Jakku. Why did she leave Rey there, never to return? Every day Rey put her hair in the three buns in hopes that she would come back for her. The image dimmed. Rey calmed herself, strangely she felt herself traveling, while also stationary on the mattress back on Ach-to. Her spirit continued while her body remained behind. Appearing beneath her, there was a room and she gazed down. She felt like a celestial being right then, the feeling was surreal. The Teedo on Jakku would say that the violent storms were summoned by R'iia, their goddess. Rey never believed in mythical beings, able to know and see all, and the Teedo scorned her for the blasphemy. Rey returned her attention to the room. It was large and well furnished; the chairs, desk, and bed all lacquered in a dark brown, almost black hue. When the light hit it a certain way, a crimson tint would appear as well. She watched patiently, something was going to happen... she could feel it! Moments later a tall man strode in, his stride long and determined. Rey knew him immediately. Kylo Ren. She felt her heart race, part of her wanted to leave, to escape this. But another small part, was drawn to stay and study him. He pressed the underside of his helmet, the hiss signaling the locking mechanism. He removed the helmet, and set it on the table with his lightsaber. She looked to his face, she could see it clearly. His dark hair curled at the ends, framing his features. He had received medical attention, the scar was a deep rose color and healing. It spanned almost his whole face. Rey felt regret that it had to come to her giving him the scar, then surprise at herself. He almost killed Finn! She continued to watch as he removed his cloak and his tunic. His stomach was patched from where Chewbacca's shot hit him; the remainder of his skin bore faint scars from long ago streaking over his arms and torso. He was lean, but his body still well muscled. She watched him wince a little as he sat down on a lush chair. Kylo Ren's hands came together in front of himself and he closed his dark eyes. She watched him curiously, his chest rose and fell as he breathed deeply. Rey realized too late what he was doing when he spoke. "Rey?" His voice echoed around her surprised and interested, but his lips never moved. Her heart raced, she needed to escape. His voice murmured in her ear, as if he was right next to her. "I didn't think you'd come to me, not so soon." She saw her body back on Ach-to, jerking, trying to awaken. Rey felt her spirit was trapped, her eyes darted about but it was only darkness that ebbed around her. The only light was from the room below. Kylo Ren's mouth still had not spoken, but a small smile graced his lips. He spoke again, she heard him in her ear "Calm yourself. I won't hurt you here." Rey forced herself to breathe calmly, struggling as she was to quell her fear. Kylo Ren's voice took an intrigued tone "I still want to teach you. I realize you didn't come here on purpose. If you calm yourself, you can focus on leaving... I hope you will come back." His eye's fluttered opened, and he stood, looking up to where her spirit resided. Kylo Ren's eyes were dark and intense as he gazed for a moment more. Then he adorned his helmet and tunic, and left the room. With Kylo Ren gone, Rey felt as though she could finally breathe and she jerked awake in her bed. She covered her mouth with her hand and tried to control her breathing. Tears streamed down her cheeks. Fear gripped her heart, and she felt something more inside her. It promised power to protect herself from him, she felt it grasping to control her. Rey shook her head against her small pillow and focused on inhaling and exhaling deep breaths. Rey gathered the patchy blanket around her, as if to protect her. Her eyes stared straight ahead into the darkness. She saw her mother, and Kylo Ren. Rey tried to avoid sleeping, jerking awake every so often, scared of what she would find. Ren strode through the corridors on the base. It was very late, and few patrols crossed his path. They saluted and continued on. He paid them no mind, and was thankful for his mask. Ren could barely keep the grin off his face, the scar forgotten in his euphoria. How had she found him? He felt her presence so solidly, almost as if he could touch her. She had said nothing though, he sensed her fear of him through the whole encounter. He knew then she had come alone it and it was not what she planned. Ren had only meditated before to forsee events of the future, and he never saw anything of use. After his meeting with Snoke he went to their private library and researched what Snoke had salvaged of Force history. With their bond, it could become possible for him to find her location. It said nothing about actually feeling her presence when she meditated as well. Ren's heart beat quickened in anticipation for another meeting with her. He would have to find out what to do about Luke, maybe he could convince Phasma and some troops to come with. Ren's mind wandered at the hypothetical confrontation. His mind returned back to Rey. He would wait a while before attempting to find her again. It was a struggle for him to leave his room. He wanted to stay there, with her presence so strongly. To convince her again to join him. But Ren knew now, he had to let her make the decision. He told her how to leave, and helped her by exiting his room. Surprisingly he felt proud of himself, he normally was impatient. Maybe by knowing it was inevitable made him comfortable with waiting. If she didn't come back, he would find her. Something touched her arm and Rey jerked awake, gasping. Luke stared down at her, his blue eyes worried with her reaction. "Rey?" She took a breath "I'm sorry, you scared me." Mentally Rey was upset with herself, she fell asleep against her wishes. Thankfully she had no nightmares. She rubbed the sand from her eyes. He nodded "Forgive me. I wanted to awake you to begin your training today." She nodded and he allowed her to get ready. They ate quickly and met outside in the clearing. They had brought their lightstabers but Luke sat and motioned for her to join him. The Jedi stared intently at her. "The Force has two aspects. The Light Side and the Dark Side. The Force binds everything together. It is the sun, the wind, the waves, every breath you take, the hum of your lightsaber. Close your eyes and take deep breaths. It is what you feel when you are at peace, and calm..." She obeyed and felt around her. A small fear developed, her thoughts receding to the prior evening. She focused on staying in the present, in her body. After a few moments, she became aware. A pool of energy within herself. Her muscles tensed in anticipation, she already knew she could move faster or evade with it. And much more. "Do you feel that? It is the Light Side, to be wielded by you." Her eyes opened, the sun shone brightly over head and a pleasant breeze caressed her skin. Luke shared a smile with her. He continued. "The Dark Side has empty promises, for a quick route to power. It is for selfish reasons. It feeds off your fear, hatred, or aggression. You will be challenged by the Dark Side. If you do use it, it is a slippery slope that that can lead to your downfall. You will no longer be your own master, but serving your own fear or hatred instead..." His eyes closed and he exhaled. "I sense you may have felt the Dark Side before." "I didn't know what it was but I do now... I was fighting Kylo Ren. I had wounded him and something told me to kill him. The urge was strong. He killed Han and wounded my friend. The earth broke between us. I left him behind, alive..." The words ended in a whisper. Her mind remembered seeing Kylo Ren the night before, and after...the Dark Side grasping within her. Promising her protection from him . Luke's brows furrowed. "Was it a voice? Or a feeling?" Rey bit her lip. "A voice. It was deep, rasping. The urge came with it." Anger flashed over Luke's eyes followed by concern. "Snoke is aware of you. I was hoping to keep your existence, your Force sensitivity hidden from him. Now that he does and I can only deduce he would want you to join him." Shivers travelled up Rey's spine. "Chewie provided some details of your rescue, but I need to know what happened to you on Starkiller Base. I refuse to let you fall to the Dark Side and into Snoke's clutches." She took a deep breath and began. Chapter 3 : Poisoned Luke said nothing when she finished. The sun was overhead, and a small pain of hunger grew in her stomach. He closed his eyes and she saw him breathe deeply. Was he meditating? She studied the Jedi as she waited. His dark cloak wrapped around him, despite the warmth of the day he didn't perspire. He shook his head and opened his eyes. "Kylo Ren offered to be your teacher, and he deliberately spared you harm. I will need to think further on that, what could his ultimate goal be. Attempting to take on Snoke alone would be a suicide mission but perhaps he sees to use you in some way. Or he could obey his master and take you to him. Equally worse." "I held him off... I won't go to the Dark Side. He killed Han, and hurt Finn." She muttered. "He cared for nothing more than to duel at the Academy, outside of his growing fascination with his grandfather, Darth Vader. I do not doubt your familiarity with the lightsaber or your staff, but Ren is a remarkable bladesman. Your encounter ended that way because he let it be that way." Luke sighed. "We must practice your dueling skills and building your resistance to the Dark Side- " "Are you anticipating on me fighting him!?" Rey blurted. "The Force works in mysterious ways. Binding us together. Weaving our life threads before it is known how we will impact our lives. I can only see so much into the future meditating, and it is always in motion. Any action, as insignificant as staying behind to repair a ship to as great as saving someone's life can impact the future. It may be that you end up fighting him. Or perhaps never." Luke's aged hand touched hers and he tightened his grip. "Kylo Ren wasn't always like this, and I agree with Leia, there is still good within him. I can feel his conflict within him, even after I felt Han's life force vanish... Let me show you the past. Close your eyes and breathe deeply and feel with the Force. Clear your thoughts, your emotions. Focus on the island, here and now. I will find you and show you my memories." She closed them and inhaled. Rey concentrated on every breath, the smell of the surf, and the benevolent sun warming her skin. Small blades of grass brushed upon her bare calves with the breeze. Luke still held her hand and gradually his hand felt lighter than a feather. Calmness seeped into every pore and she embraced it. Rey didn't know how much time had past when she heard Luke, as though he was whispering to her. It took me time to find you. I am not sure why. But let us go. She felt a strange pressure on her mind. And the world dimmed. Luke made his way through the temple to meet his guest. He was much younger, and not so worn.. Rey thought to herself. There was a sweet innocence to him, his bright blue eyes conveyed his excitement. He stopped and a small shuttle landed on the eroded stone tiles of the courtyard. Jungle trees towered as far as the eye could see, and other various vines and flowers grew, perfuming the humid air. The flowers were bright bursts of color compared to the dark green leaves of the jungle. Birds called out at the approaching craft, some taking flight further into the safety of trees. Smoke released accompanied by a hiss as the shuttle door opened, and an extremely tall figure exited. Rich dark robes draped his body to his feet. Rey studied the man. He was a humanoid for sure, he was long in the face and had no hair. The man's skin was pale, almost translucent. His eyes were dark and his fingers long and slender. They reminded Rey of spiders. Luke offered his hand and grasped the humanoid's hand. "Senator Tryonius Snoke. My sister advised me of your interest in the academy here. I welcome you." "Yes, and I apologize for not sending more of a missive except that I wanted to meet you. The famed Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight. I met your father once... before his fall." Rey mentally shied away, she had heard this voice before urging her to kill Kylo Ren. Luke blinked his eyes, his smile faltering. "My father. He redeemed himself in the end. He killed Palpatine and saved me." Snoke lifted a robed arm and his hand clasped Luke's shoulder. "His compassion for his family brought him back. I am glad to know he didn't die at your hand." Luke said nothing but looked toward the ground, apparently torn with the news. "Luke, a second reason I came. When your father fell and served Palpatine I went into hiding and thankfully my fellow muuns helped obscure my trail from the Empire... I can use the Force." Luke's head jerked up. Nearby within Luke's vision, a single stone tile levitated from courtyard as Snoke lifted his free hand. "Were you a Jedi?" Luke's voice was full of awe. Snoke closed his dark eyes and shook his head. "No, I was very young when I met your father... barely a man. As a junior senator of Muunilinst I traveled extensively over the planet meeting our people. In an obscure mountain village a very old muun sensed the Force within me. He was no Jedi but knew the Force. It was shortly after that time when the Jedi were slaughtered, and that decided that I would remain in the near-wilderness to spend the rest of my days. With the defeat of the Empire, and the establishment of the New Republic I returned. If you will have me, I would like to learn from you. Although I must also spend my time assisting your sister set up the new senate." "Of course. Any help is appreciated at all. I am sure Leia would value your assistance, her hands have been full caring for my young nephew." Luke turned to enter the temple and Snoke slowly followed. "Your nephew will be coming to study here I assume?" His deep voice was calm and collected. "When he is of age he will come and study here with others we find with potential. I was able to find in the old archives that Jedi of old monitor the midi-chlorians, and Ben has an exceptional amount." Luke continued through the temple hangar, passing his lone x-wing. "I have met the young one, he will surely be remarkable considering his heritage. He is bright already despite his few years of age." Snoke mused, his robes trailing behind him as he followed Luke. The world dimmed again. Luke watched on as Snoke instructed a group of young students to levitate small rocks in front of them. They all wore matching beige tunics and breeches. Most were human but she saw a wookie, a bith, and a twi'lek among them. A dark haired young boy, slightly older than the rest levitated his rock quickly. Snoke praised him and the other students tried harder with varying levels of success. The young boy's eyes shone brightly and he beamed at the praise. Luke turned from the auditorium and walked through the temple and up a flight of stairs. He waved his hand infront of a sensor, and the door hissed open. An eloquent dressed woman sat on a modest chair in front of a desk. Her dress was a deep violet slashed with pale green, her dark brown hair in an intricate braid. She didn't turn to face Luke but Rey knew it was Leia as soon as she spoke. "Luke, I do not like Snoke taking an interest as much as he has in Ben... It worries me." Luke continued and sat, his blue eyes looked into his sister's. Rey studied her. Her beauty and strength radiated from her voice, but her eyes held no secret. The fear of losing her son was heavy on her mind. "Leia, he is great with the children. He is so patient and encourages them endlessly. And I understand he is fascinated with Ben. But with him being a descendant of one of the greatest Jedi in history, my nephew, and your son, do you blame him?" Luke's voice held compassion and understanding. Leia bit her lip. "I just don't feel good about this Luke." Luke stood and motioned for his sister to stand. He embraced her and she sighed laying her head on his shoulder. Luke spoke quietly "I think you're just under a lot of stress. I know Han will come back, he just needs some time alone. You know how he is... he isn't good at politics and fidgets at being on one planet too long..." "Am I even good at politics Luke? They are calling me a war-monger for wanting to go after the remnants of the Empire. They remain in the galaxy, lurking. If we allow them to gain strength they will come back. I know it. The new senate has said that if I propose another vote to use military force against them they'll vote to remove me..." Tears welled in her dark brown eyes. Luke hugged her tighter and rubbed her back. "Why don't you suggest to create military legion, under direction of the new senate of course, to exist and dismantle any threat that appears. Whether it be the fractured Empire or something else..." He murmured. Leia sniffed and nodded into his shoulder. "That's not a bad idea..." "Everything will work out Leia. I promise. And I'll watch over Ben as much as I can. Sometimes I think he feels I'm the nagging uncle..." Luke took a step back, his hands squeezed Leia's arms. "Please watch after him. I always feel he's in danger..." She said quietly. "Are you sure it's not because you're his mother?" Luke quipped. A small smile appeared on Leia's face and she hugged Luke again. "I'll come and visit again in a few months. Thank you for everything Luke." She turned and exited, her long dress swishing past. Luke leaned against the desk, his arms crossed, watching her go. His smile faded when the door hissed shut and he activated a communicator on his wrist. "R2. Monitor the interactions between Snoke and Ben and report what you find. Try to be as obscure as you can." R2 beeped in reply. Luke looked up to the ceiling. "I wish you were here Ben. I cannot see Ben's future as much as I try. It is hazy." Luke's hands clenched and frustration toned his words "There is still not enough I know. I feel with the Force that there is a threat somewhere..." Luke sighed dejectedly and his words were quiet "I will monitor Snoke and Ben. I haven't felt any evil from the man, not like how Palpatine felt when I faced my father..." The world dimmed. It was night time at the temple, and a lone man stood with R2-D2 near a giant fire. Luke stared blankly into the flames. He made the pyre and lifted the last child's body with his own hands and laid it among the rest. Rey studied him. He had aged years, his eyes dead. He sat next to R2-D2, watching. Tears streamed down his face. The pyre cast a warm glow over the Jedi and the droid, the smoke drifting away to the heavens. "I failed everyone R2. I failed these children, Leia, my own nephew." The words barely a whisper, his voice hoarse. R2 whistled sadly. For a moment Luke's eyes turned yellow "Snoke planned this from the beginning, calculating from the shadows." The tears returned and he breathed out slowly. The pupils returned to their blue color. "What am I to do R2..." He looked over to the droid, when a blue glow appeared behind him... Rey saw Luke stand suddenly but the images started to blur. The memory was being interrupted. Rey felt the pressure again on her mind. She was pulled away! Luke's hand squeezed hers and Rey gasped. The sun neared the horizon, they were gone for several hours! Her stomach hadn't forgotten the passing time and she felt the hunger pains audibly eat away at her. Her throat was parched. "Did Ben,... Kylo Ren killed these children?" The Jedi hesitated then spoke. "No, not directly. Snoke sent Ben to distract then challenge me. I would never harm my own family, even if they fell. Snoke knew that and hoped that my death by Ben's hands would solidify his path to the Dark Side. I kept him at bay, but I was unable to save the innocents. Now you know... Snoke had wormed his way into our confidences many years ago. I couldn't detect his evil until it was too late. I know he suspected I was watching over him but I couldn't find any evidence. Ben... I feel found in Snoke the father figure he hoped to have. Han was a good man, but he was never patient. How could he understand his own child, having a power and the pressure upon him of his heritage?" Tears welled in his eyes. "I failed my family, by my own doing I let a venomous snake into our midst and it poisoned my nephew. Countless others paying the price for my actions with their lives..." His eyes closed and he sobbed silently. Rey's heart broke and she moved, wrapping her arms around the Jedi. He hesitated then cried into her shoulder. She said nothing while the pain he carried ebbed with his tears. Night was approaching across the sky when he backed away from her. "I'm sorry for that." Luke took a deep breath and exhaled slowly before speaking again."It has been a weight on my shoulders these last fifteen years. The pain and remorse I feel still cuts me as deeply as if it happened yesterday." "Who... who were you speaking to in the temple? You wished he was there?" Rey had many questions from the memories. "My own teacher. Obi-wan Kenobi. He trained me, as well as my own father. I have seen him seldom since he died." Luke murmured. It was still light enough that he saw the confusion on Rey's face. "After a Jedi dies, from natural causes or battle, they return to the Force that imbues every living creature. They can at times appear to the living to offer advice." Luke stood and held his hand out. "Tomorrow, we will train you in the Force." Rey nodded and placed her hand in his. Chapter 4 : Drawn Fluffy white clouds marked the pale blue sky, the sun peeked through them from time to time. Rey held the blue lightsaber in front of her, her chest heaving with her breaths. The blade hummed in her hands and she brought it up as Luke attacked. Sweat graced his brow but he seemed calm, at ease with their sparring. Internally the Dark Side attempted to grasp within her. She blinked sweat from her eyes and turned her blade against him. They hissed and crackled as they met. "Remember to remain calm during your strikes" the Jedi urged as he countered. "I can feel the Dark Side trying to take hold within you. Rise above it. Breathe..." His words spurred her frustration. She attempted to meditate more but her fears of seeing Kylo Ren again impacted her success. Luke dueled with her every day, and every day the Dark Side waited in anticipation. It truly was a duel against herself. To rise above it. She grunted as she swung her blade and he deflected it, their blades locked against each other. His clear blue eyes bore into hers. "Let's rest." She nodded and stepped away, turning off the blue blade. The sun was high over head, the breeze weak. She wished it was stronger to cool her skin. Her blood pounded in her ears as she breathed deeply, catching her breath. The Jedi turned off his green blade, and looked at her. "I can sense your struggle within you, it eats at you every day. It has nearly been a week since you've arrived and our meditation does not seem to be assisting much. Rey what is driving your fears? Your aggression?" Rey shook her head. "I... I don't know. I always feel it is there, waiting." Oddly the visage of Kylo Ren appeared in her mind; she quelled the fear of him and banished the image. Within the past week the thought of him, or seeing his dark intense eyes would appear in her mind, un-beckoned. Rey reminded herself she held her own against him, and he was far away. Luke stretched out his arm and gripped her shoulder. "It's not your fault. We have to deal with fighting those urges every day. It will become easier in time. Maybe its from your own life experiences thus far. Lets break for lunch." "I will try harder Luke." She replied, looking down. Luke hadn't required her to address him by any other name, when she asked earlier in the week he said he deserved no other title. He said nothing and led them down to the dwelling. Ren deactivated his blade, the Dark Side subsiding within him. He started to sense that she would duel every morning, and he would train himself in his private dueling quarters at the same time. It was hard to tell if she too was feeling the Dark Side rise within her from their bond, but he was aware of her frustration. Ren lifted his hand and brushed back his hair from his face. Soon she would most likely try to meditate, he would sense her become calm. It was the time when he had the least effect over her. He set his blade down and left his practice chamber. It joined his personal apartments so he tossed his sweat laden tunic and breeches and headed into the refresher. The warm water washed over him, and he stood thinking as his muscles relaxed. Tonight he would attempt to find her and whatever planet she was on. All he knew was that it was somewhere in the Unknown Regions. But knowing the general location of her position wouldn't be the same as finding her mentally. Ren had pondered every day about how she found him, how strongly her presence was then. It had been almost a week since then. Snoke had summoned him once and showed him how to conceal himself, and how to hide his presence. Snoke did advise that by hiding his presence, he would blind himself to seeing the future. Ren decided to abstain from hiding his presence for now, his ultimate focus was trying to find Rey through meditation. Snoke hadn't inquired about his efforts with Rey to his personal satisfaction. It felt personal to Ren... she was a mystery to him. She was skilled, strong... who was she? Her face flourished in his mind. Her eyes closed and features peaceful as he knelt before her. His thoughts moved to when he last saw her; her brown eyes judging him, her face determined as they dueled in the snow. He turned off the hot water and walked into the steam, drying off and wrapping his robe around him. He sat down in the chair, the same one when he felt her presence a week ago. She said nothing, and he felt how terrified she was. He had seen her peaceful, and determined... she wouldn't come to him if she was afraid. Ren laced his fingers together. He'd had to calm her, have her trust him. Perhaps tonight, if he found her, he would just observe. Ren's thoughts about Rey lingered long in his mind. I Ren finished his small dinner and washed the remainder down with water. He normally preferred wine with his meals while not on assignment but tonight was an exception. Almost as if he was on a mission he alone set himself. He needed his mind clear, focused. Ren summoned the cleaning droid and locked the door behind as it left. He checked the time, it felt as though the clock dragged on as he waited for this moment. He took a small nap earlier to help pass the time, but now it finally was here. Most would be retiring soon for the evening. He wore a loose grey tunic over soft breeches, something comfortable as to not distract him. Ren sat himself in the chair and breathed deeply. It took him time to calm his heart, the anticipation burned in his veins. He felt it come gradually, the disassociation of his spirit and body. He saw himself, sitting in his chair, tranquil. Where is she? What planet is she on? He felt his spirit move, if it could be called that. He kept her face focused in her mind. The trek was dark but ahead a small light grew. His spirit seemed drawn to it. He felt warmth within himself. The Light Side. Why was it calling to him here? In such a strong form. He tried to shy away from it but his spirit was on a trajectory. The light became blinding. It encased him in a flash. Ren blinked. Could it be called blinking? While as a spirit? He'd ponder the questions later but for now he saw her. Rey. Lying on a thinly padded mattress in some hallowed cave, it was hard to tell but the walls were stone. A poor excuse for a blanket was kicked off her and she twitched in her sleep fitfully. She wore a sleeveless tunic and breeches that went to her knee. He moved closer and viewed her face. Her mouth puckered and her arms curled around herself. Loose strands of her dark brown hair cascaded around her face. She cried quietly in her slumber, it was barely audible. Part of him became concerned for her, she shouldn't be in some cave with meager protection and hardly a mattress to sleep on. What was she dreaming about? What made her unable to sleep at night? As if his thoughts were a premonition he heard her murmur "Leave me... alone. You killed... him" She turned and shivered, yet continued her slumber. Ren's emotions were becoming strong like ocean waves toiling inside. She dreamed of him, and it affected her negatively. Rey didn't want him near her. Who was the him she spoke of? His own father? The traitor FN-2187? Ren knew his own father had perished, and it was likely the ex-stormtrooper had as well with that deadly blow. Ren's desire competed with his own worry. He was the best teacher for her. Snoke admitted as much when he said they were Force bound. He didn't want to hurt her, he never wanted to hurt her. She twitched in her sleep again, and quivered. Ren wish he was there to cover her, even his cloak would be warmer than what she had. A small, nagging part of him said he should focus on the mission, to find what planet this was. But he felt reckless, being so close to her. To Rey. Drawn, his spirit moved even closer. It didn't stop though, he felt a pressure on his mind. He started to panic, where was he going? The world became darker around him. He saw his own body, tense in the chair gripping the armrests. I The darkness gradually receded from his spirit, and around him blurry trees grew to the sky. Everything was hazy, he looked down at himself. He was garbed in his own black tunic, arm guards and robe, lightsaber in hand. Thankfully Ren appeared more solid than his surroundings. Ren's gloved hand jerked to his face, his mask was not there. Ahead he saw Rey, running. He took a step, and he was nearly behind her. He heard her cry out and every step she took seemed to only be inches that she moved. He took another step and grabbed her arm. She turned to him, eyes determined but welling with tears. He tried to speak, but the words died in his throat. He couldn't move his mouth. What was this place? He felt her struggle, weakly against his grip on her arm. Her fear and anger grew within her. Rey's eyes blazed staring into him. "You killed Han, your own father. You're a monster. Leave me alone. I want nothing to do with you!" Her voice said accusingly and full of malice. "Rey." He could use his voice, now of all times and words evaded him. He was just going to observe her and now he was here. "You don't understand." "You're right. I don't understand. You had a family who loved you and you destroyed them. You ruined everything Luke and your mother worked for!" She spat. Her words cut him to his heart. His few memories with him and his father floated in front of his eyes. He focused back to her face, her eyes burrowing into his. Her accusing words made his blood pressure rise, and Dark Side with it. "I had to. The Supreme Leader commanded it-" Ren's words were heated. "They left me with Luke, I rarely saw them! And Luke held me back, from reaching my potential!" He wanted to build his own lightsaber and he remembered the stinging rejection when Luke refused, saying it wasn't his time. Snoke though, felt differently. Ren was ready to build his own blade. Rey's own eyes darted to his. "Just as Luke is keeping you back. You don't know it yet but you are stronger than you know. I am the best teacher for you. I know you feel it, the Dark Side..." Rey grimaced, her eyes determined " I won't fall to it, not ever. Why would I want you, someone who betrayed his family to teach me. Why wouldn't you betray me too?" She yanked her arm out from his grip and stepped a few paces back. Her face was surprised at her last words. Ren's breath caught, he felt lightheaded and he looked down at her accusing brown eyes. "No, Rey. I wouldn't do that." His voice barely a whisper. "Snoke told you to bring me to him... didn't he? What do you think he'll do when I refuse to join him?" Her voice was calm. His resolve was threatening to break. "I.. No.. -" His words stumbled from his mouth. "I won't go with you." Her words caused the world to heave, the ground rushed up to meet him. Ren threw his arms out, catching himself and looked up at her. The tremor had not affected her and she stood, judging. Light coalesced around Rey although she took no notice. It blinded him. I He was back in the cave-like room above her, and Rey awoke with a gasp. Her eyes darted in the darkness and landed on him. "How, how are you here? You were in my dream. How did you find me?" Her voice was quiet but trembled with fear. A moment passed and she spoke again "I... can feel you there. I can sense where you are... what did you do to me?" The words ended with a panicked accusation. Ren fled, and returned to his body. The room was dark and he was alone. He felt her presence now, confused and scared. Ren screamed. Chapter 5 : Guide Rey darted out of her bed, pushing the curtain aside. "Luke?" Her voice thankfully didn't tremor with the fear she felt. Her heart felt it was going to beat out of her chest. R2 activated and beeped a low beep. The Jedi was not here. She exited the dwelling, looking. Rey rushed to the clearing where she first met him, but he was not there. Her skin pebbled in the cool air. The waves crashed nearby, and the cool sea wind caressed her skin. The stars alone lit the night sky and the galaxy a colorful band stretching across. Rey looked up and around, and higher on the island there was another plateau... he could be there. She ran, looking and finally finding the path. The gravel crunched under her bare feet, in her haste she didn't bother to put her boots on. Rey had hid from Luke her earlier encounter with Ren. Two days had passed where she was afraid to sleep, afraid that she'd find him. Now, he came for her. He was looking for her she knew. And she still felt him... curiously he was upset. Was it from her words? The dream? His pained face appeared in her mind when she told him he betrayed everyone and she would never go with him. Mentally she cringed, she threw accusations at him and even though they were true they hurt him. She heard a voice up ahead... Luke! And another responding. She slowed and walked quietly. No one else was on this island. Chewie had taken the Falcon back to Leia with a hologram from Luke a few days ago. She crept silently closer. Ahead she would be able to peer around a stone slab to see who Luke was talking to. Luke's voice spoke "... trouble training her. I don't remember being tempted as she is by the Dark Side when you found me. And Snoke knows of her. I am worried for her safety... she already heard him call to kill Ben on their earlier duel." A warm accented voice, but somehow familiar spoke. It tickled her memory. "The future is always in motion, although I think you may find out her difficulty soon enough. You must let the Force guide them. Have faith Luke, all is not lost." Rey reached the end of the stone slab and peered around, Luke was faced away from her. Beyond him, she saw a pale blue ethereal man looking at her. His eyes met hers and he smiled before fading. Luke turned. "Rey..." His voice quiet, the wind and surf nearly made it inaudible. "Luke, I didn't mean to interrupt. Something happened." Rey felt embarrassed at being caught trying to overhear him. The Jedi looked over his shoulder to where the apparition faded then walked towards her. "It's forgiven, I'm glad he came to see me this evening. What happened?" He stopped next to her, hands clasped together. "It started a week ago, you left with Chewie and I read one of your books on meditation. I couldn't sleep so I thought I'd meditate to calm me. Initially... I saw my mother but then it took me to where Kylo Ren was, at that very moment. It wasn't a vision. He happened to meditate as well and felt my presence there. I was so scared. I panicked but he left so I could calm myself and return." The words came out of her mouth, pleading for Luke to understand she didn't mean for any of that to happen. She noticed his posture stiffen when she mentioned her mother and Kylo Ren. "And tonight?" His words were concerned. "I was sleeping and I started to dream. Of Kylo Ren. At some point, he was in my dream. He still wants to be my teacher. I accused him of betraying his family and I would never go with him. I didn't know he was there, I thought it was still a dream! I stated that Snoke sent him to look for me, and asked what would happen to me when I refused to join him. He became torn, not mad but concerned. I awoke then but his presence was still there, he left a moment later. And... I can feel where he is now. I can point to what direction he is in the galaxy. He's extremely upset..." Rey still felt him, his emotions were overwhelming. She felt concerned for him, her brows furrowed. Luke inhaled sharply. "That explains a few things. I think he was aware... that he could feel you in his mind before now. You may not have noticed with your recent awakening to the Force. He may have been trying to tempt you to the Dark Side with his own leanings." Rey felt fury within her, he was trying to sabotage her! Luke noticed and placed his hand on her shoulder "His reaction though... I'll need to think about that. In the meantime we need to leave this world when Chewie comes back. Kylo Ren may not want to harm you and I am suspecting as such... but the greed and aspirations of Snoke knows no bounds. I do not know if he can keep any information from Snoke." Rey shivered, imagining an entire armada including the star destroyers she used to scavenge appearing. "Come. Chewie should be back within a day." As Rey shifted on the lumpy mattress and covered the nearly thread-bare blanket over herself. Her thoughts drifted. Kylo Ren was still upset, his emotions a tempest within him. His face, full of doubt and fear entered her mind. Rey exhaled slowly. His dark eyes betraying his conflict within. He seemed avert at wanting to hurt her. She started to feel sorry for him, and concerned. What if Snoke sensed this? Would he be killed? Rey knew he wouldn't be back to visit her anytime soon, she had shaken him to his core for the second time of his life. At least he knew now, she'd never go to the Dark Side. Ren's muscles strained as he pushed himself through the training module. He brought his blade up in time to deflect multiple blaster shots, and turned stopping another aimed at his back. Had he missed, he would have felt a stinging sensation lasting a few hours reminding him of his failure. His tunic was drenched, and clung onto his skin; the rivers of sweat trailing down his back and chest. His arms ached but he continued to push himself. A beep at the door signaled a visitor, he stopped the module and caught his breath before making his way through the apartment. He opened the door and a tall, blonde haired man stood in front of him. He was almost as tall as Ren was, but where Ren was lithe the man was study and muscular. His eyes were hazel and faint scars lined his face from battles past. He wore a deep brown nerf leather jacket over a cream shirt and black pants. Black rough-terrain boots completed his ensemble. "Gaius..." Ren breathed. Gaius was his second in command of the Knights of Ren. He was ten years Ren's senior, and his initial combat instructor. At times they would accompany Ren for missions but Ren's latest objective on StarKiller Base had them divide paths. Gaius nodded and Ren allowed him to enter the apartments. The blonde man took one look at the lone chair before sitting on his couch and arched an eyebrow at him. After last night's encounter with Rey, Ren had destroyed his table and second chair in his torment. The cleaning droid had arrived hours ago to get rid of the mess; but a new table and chair had not been delivered. "Getting rid of some older furniture? Is that how you cut yourself?" his voice mused. Ren clenched his jaw, he didn't want to think about the reasons for his temper or his scar. Unbidden, her face filled his mind for a moment... currently she was focused on something. He ran his hand through his hair. Gaius continued "Snoke has summoned you, once you are ready. He wants us to apply some pressure on some friends of ours." Ren mentally sighed. One of Snoke's allies were wavering in their support. "Who are we escorting?" Typically one of his generals would speak and negotiate, with Ren and the others nearby to thwart any attacks or ultimately force them into submission. Gaius shrugged, took out his holobook and started to read. Despite his burly appearance, the man enjoyed reading and educating himself. He at times would try to engage Ren into discussions. Ren took longer in the refresher than what he typically required; his thoughts circled his mind as the hot water washed over him. Ren thought about hiding his recent encounter with Rey. He planned to advise Snoke that he was still working on locating her and Luke, which was true. He needed time to come up with a strategy for Rey. He had tried to formulate one last night but gave up in frustration. His anger at his failure at focusing at the task at hand caused his outburst earlier, he should have just focused on what planet she was on. Instead his impulsiveness got the better of him and now here he was. She was aware of him, she could feel him. Ren mentally swore, how could he approach her if she knew he was coming? He'd have to think more on this, maybe during their assignment he'd have an idea. Ren donned his regalia and helmet, and exited with Gaius. The said nothing as they walked to the audience chamber Snoke used, passing several patrols. They passed the stationed guard and entered the cavern. Ren scanned the room and felt briefly with the Force, no one else was here. Snoke didn't bother to look up, he was reviewing some information on his holotab. Ren took to a knee, with Gaius next to him when Snoke spoke. "Rise. Kylo Ren. Gaius." "Supreme Leader." Their voices rose in unison. "Stand." Snoke's eyes left the tablet and took the both of them in. "I need you to remind our allies, the Hutts, forcefully if necessary that reneging on our agreement would cause their destruction. We can and will demolish the spice mines on Kessel." He sighed, agitation present in his exhale. "Who will we be escorting to this meeting Supreme Leader?" Ren's voice echoed in the chamber. Snoke's eyes glittered. "No one. Unless I'm mistaken you'd rather not have General Hux for company, and I have found other uses for the man. Also I cannot have Hux become a liability, the rest of you have the skills necessary to escape if necessary. You were there for the previous negotiation. As of late their shipments have been behind." Ren wanted to snarl. He went to the previous meeting, thankfully only as an escort. He detested every moment of it. Snoke continued "I'll forward the information you need to remind them of." "Supreme Leader, do you expect them to become hostile or break the deal?" Gaius asked. Snoke tapped his long fingers upon the pedestal chair on which he sat, the noise was barely audible. "Who can say, they are Hutts with their own plans. Which is why I am not sending anyone without the proper survival skills." "As you command, Supreme Leader." Ren stated. Snoke nodded and turned his attention back to the holotab. Gaius took one look at Ren before turning to leave, it wasn't uncommon for Ren to stand behind for additional discussion. Ren waited for the steps to fade and the sound of the door hissing open and close. "Master... I have not found them yet, although I think she has become aware of me." Ren stated calmly. Snoke didn't take his eyes off the tablet "It would happen sooner or later. Keep up your efforts and advise when you find her and Skywalker's location. You can mask the bond, similar to hiding your presence with additional focus." His voice droned. What was this impartiality from? Ren didn't have time to voice the question when Snoke spoke again. "I had a vision that she'll come to you. You, Kylo Ren, must bend her to our will and the Dark Side. Influence her with the Bond." Ren's breath caught; the prior night's embarrassment faded from his mind. "You are aware she is dangerous, she will be on her guard. Do. Not. Fail." Snoke raised his eyes to meet Ren's, and they stared maliciously. Ren felt his determination rise within him. "I will not disappoint you Supreme Leader. I accomplished my last task, I will accomplish this one." Snoke nodded. "Do not disappoint me. Go. Return when she is ready to submit." His attention returned to the tablet, and Ren all but ran from the room.