Kylo stretches out, just a little, under Poe’s fingers. It’s normally in the lull, after. When they’ve screamed themselves to high heaven, when they’ve worn out the tension of the day. Already naked, and dancing on that fine beam between the chasm of I’m too comfortable to move and I’m sticky and gross from all the hot sex and enjoying the dichotomy. In a while they’ll go to the ‘fresher, but not yet. For now, they just revel in the afterglow. He doesn’t know why Poe is so obsessed with his imperfections. Some he was born with - splattered across his skin like paint from a distant, flicked brush - and some he was born into , some he survived to feel itching their way healed, to see turn from fire-red to dying-pink . Poe’s fingers know how to make him smile. Just the right side of ticklish. They wander, drawing paths. Usually the same few paths, which Kylo is beginning to memorise. “…why… do you always do the same thing?” “Hmm?” Kylo drops two fingers onto the back of Poe’s hand, chasing the gesture, following the slide, the flex, the dance of bones under skin. “You always draw the same thing.” “It’s…” Poe flushes, and Kylo wriggles his head on the pillow, stretching out with his toes to extend his legs further, feeling the sheets scrunch under him. “It’s like a star-chart.” “Huh?” “Like… co-ordinates. Like… stars.” Poe bites his lip, and Kylo falls in love again. Again. “You’re plotting a course?” “Yeah. I’m…” A kiss to the end of one deep, furrowed divot against his shoulderblade. “I’m memorising you. You’re so beautiful, and I… want to… I want to know everything about you.” He long since told him what the scars were for. Recalled the battles, distant, long-gone. Confessions of deaths that left their marks upon him. The last words of dead soldiers. Sad, but essential. “You do know everything about me,” Kylo says, so very, very softly. Poe draws the last line, connects the last dot, and Kylo pushes his head into the pillow, moaning. He feels fingers push his hair up from his nape, and kisses fall on his neck. “I do,” his pilot says. “That’s why I love you.” Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 12 of the The Pilot and his Knight series Next Work →