Hux is distracting him. Not like Kylo is paying attention to class, anyway, with his ear buds in and his worksheet covered in doodles. But Hux is being such a temptation, and Kylo can't concentrate on anything except for the pencil tapping against his bottom lip. Occasionally Hux will glance over at Kylo, smiling to himself because he fucking knows what he's doing, rubbing his soft lips like that, frustrating him with that horribly perfect mouth. It gets worse when he sees a flash of tongue. He's sucking on it. “Enjoying the show?” Hux asks with a smirk. Face heating up, Kylo tears out his ear buds even though he clearly heard what Hux said. “What?” he snaps, angry at how Hux's shoulders shake with muffled laughter. Hux writes something on his paper and sets the damned pencil down. He says, innocently biting his lip, “Nothing, just doing my work.” Kylo gets the sudden and familiar urge to punch Hux, right in his horribly perfect face. Or throw him down on the desk and fuck him like a bitch until he learns some respect. Right in front of the whole class so everyone can watch and see what a slut Hux is. Either way, it's hard to resist the fierce desire to touch Hux. Instead he slowly reaches over and lets his hand rest on Hux's thigh. Hux makes a quiet noise and places his hand over Kylo's. They glance at each other and Kylo is pleased to see Hux's face turning a pretty shade of red. He's so pretty and he belongs only to Kylo; he repeats it like a mantra in his head, mine, mine, all mine, as he moves his hand upward. The way Hux squirms when he squeezes his thigh drives him wild. Hux shifts in his seat, legs parting, but they both freeze when the teacher calls on someone sitting near them. Thankfully, they get the question right and the teacher, satisfied, moves to the other side of the class. “Are you nervous?” Kylo whispers. “Just shut up and touch me,” Hux hisses. Kylo laughs under his breath and Hux scowls. He definitely prefers having the upper hand like this, quite literally, as he slides his hand into Hux's pants and gets him to make that noise again. So small and needy. Just quiet enough that only Kylo can hear it. “I'll do whatever I want,” Kylo says. He can tell Hux wants to roll his eyes and mock him but doesn't want Kylo to take his hand away. “Yeah? And what do you want, Kylo?” Hux tries to be snarky but his voice cracks when he says Kylo's name. “You,” Kylo responds almost immediately. “I want to fuck your mouth.” “Jesus, keep your voice down,” Hux shushes him, his cheeks burning. “I want to see you on your knees choking on my dick,” Kylo continues. “Whenever I look at your mouth I remember how good for me you look when I fuck your face. It turns me on when you're gagging and your eyes are watering but you still beg for me to come in your mouth. I want to fuck your throat raw. Right now.” Hux stands up abruptly and announces, “I have to go to the nurse!” The class goes quiet around them and everyone turns to stare at Hux. He looks back desperately at Kylo, who nods, stands up and says, “I should take him – in case he faints.” “Could be from the heat,” Hux adds. The teacher looks momentarily baffled and then mumbles, “Um, well, I'll have to write you a pass –“ “No, thank you, but it's an emergency and we have to leave right now.” Hux swoons a little for show and leans on Kylo for support. The teacher waves them off with a “Alright then, you can – ” as Kylo is already marching Hux out of the class. They make a dangerously good couple. As soon as Kylo pushes Hux into the nearest bathroom and into the first empty stall, they're all over each other, Kylo's mouth on Hux's neck and Hux's hands at Kylo's belt. They kiss and bite and suck at each other's skin until Kylo gets impatient and pushes Hux down until his knees hit the floor. “Slut,” Kylo says. Hux smirks. “Only for you, sir.” Kylo just growls at him, wanting to slap Hux for being a brat but wanting even more to shut him up with his dick. He grabs Hux by the hair and brings his face to his crotch, grinding against his mouth through his boxers. Hux greedily pulls them down and takes his cock into his mouth, only getting a few seconds before Kylo starts roughly thrusting. With one hand fisted in Hux's hair, he uses the other to reach into his pockets and take out his switchblade. Hux moans around his dick when he unfolds it, but Kylo jerks his head away and Hux, clinging to his dignity, makes a snide comment, “What kind of delinquent are you to bring a knife to school?” “Shut up,” Kylo says. He brings the switchblade to Hux's mouth, rubbing it against his bottom lip. “Suck on this for a change.” Hux takes the blade into his mouth. Meeting Kylo's intense stare, he hollows his cheeks and starts to suck on it carefully. Kylo breathes heavily as he watches Hux lick the blade. “Filthy mouth,” is all he can say. Horribly perfect mouth. The switchblade comes away with a strand of spit connecting it to Hux's lips. Kylo brings the blade to Hux's throat. He ghosts over his Adam's apple like he's trailing kisses over his neck. Hux shivers at the touch, feeling his own saliva on the cold blade come off on his skin. "You're mine ," Kylo says. "Yours," says Hux. With a grunt he pushes his dick back into Hux's mouth. Kylo sloppily fucks his face, dick hitting the soft space of Hux's throat, and Hux gladly takes the abuse. He snaps his hips, once, twice, and with a labored "Shit - fuck, I'm almost there," he comes for Hux to swallow. Not missing a beat, Kylo pulls Hux up, slams him against the wall, and shoves his knee between Hux's legs. "Come for me," he says, and Hux nods eagerly. Kylo kisses him hard, and, with the switchblade pressed to his jugular, Hux moans as he grinds against Kylo's knee. He comes shortly after Kylo, whining his name into his mouth. Hux takes a minute to catch his breath while Kylo folds his switchblade back up and puts it back into his pocket. They stare at each other, panting, and then Kylo's face breaks into a grin. "What's so funny?" Hux demands. "You called me a delinquent, earlier," Kylo says. Now Hux is safe to roll his eyes. "You are a delinquent. You never do your work, you bring weapons to school, and you - " " - ditch class so I can fuck you?" Kylo laughs. He grabs Hux by the chin so he can't look away. "Am I hurting your grades, you poor thing?" Hux sneers. "You're a fool, that's what you are." "And you're a prissy bitch, but you're my prissy bitch, so I can tolerate your attitude," Kylo says. "Tolerate - " The bell rings, and Kylo pushes away from Hux. "See you tomorrow, baby," he says. "I'll find a way to distract you." Chapter 2 Summary: hi this is all ive got right now lol The light from the TV hurts their tired eyes in the dark. Even with the window open, it's hot as balls in Kylo's room; the weak fan in the corner hits them with slightly less hot air as it hums and rotates, hums and rotates. The edges of the band posters cluttering the walls flutter every time it passes over them. Hux is wearing one of Kylo's shirts – his now, since he won't give it back, but it always smells like Kylo so it feels like it belongs to Kylo – and only the shirt. It's one in the morning and Kylo is falling asleep on Hux. In this position, with his face pressed to Kylo's chest, Hux can feel the rise and fall of his breath, slowing as he dozes off. Every once in a while he twitches briefly, snapping out of his lethargy until he gives in again. Usually Hux wouldn't complain because he makes a good blanket, but he promised to stay awake through their movie marathon tonight. Of course Kylo would fall asleep as soon as he put in the one movie he'd been looking forward to the most. Hux sat through all of the V/H/S movies for him so Kylo could at least stay awake for Heathers. “Get off me, you oaf.” Hux elbows him in the stomach. “You're too heavy. Get off.” “Oaf? That's a new one,” Kylo grumbles, voice thick with sleep. He's too tired to get pissy about it, but the hand around Hux's waist digs into his skin as Kylo yawns. Hux makes a show of pushing him away, but Kylo throws a leg over him and pretends to snore. “I will hurt you,” Hux says, buried in the crook of Kylo's arm. Kylo snorts. “I'd like to see you try.” Without thinking his fingers are already in Hux's hair. His scalp is still tender after the frantic fuck in the bathroom yesterday; Hux winces and Kylo immediately pulls his hand away. “Are you okay?” he asks. Hux huffs, “Don't act so innocent. You know what you've done, you animal.” Hux puts effort into the glare he gives, but Kylo grins obnoxiously back at him, trying and failing to hide his smug laughter. “You love it when I'm an animal.” He pulls Hux tighter against him. “I remember, pretty vividly, how you got off on it, too.” “Shut up.” Hux goes red and elbows him again, hard enough that this time Kylo winces, and then he gestures at the TV. “I'm trying to watch this, if you don't mind.” “Our love is God,” Kylo quotes. He kisses Hux's neck. “Let's fuck.” Hux stares at him disdainfully as Kylo laughs. It's hard to look contemptuous with Kylo's hands between his thighs, but Hux has a certain inherent talent when it comes to contempt. When Kylo goes in for a kiss, Hux turns his head aside. “Oh,” Kylo says. “Do you want me to stop...?” Hux doesn't laugh because he knows when Kylo is being sincere, but Kylo never knows when Hux is being sincere or not. Kylo doesn't know when anyone is being sincere. “Don't stop, you fucking – you big oaf,” Hux says. “I'm just being a brat.” “Hey, it's okay.” Kylo sounds so painfully genuine that Hux almost rolls his eyes. “We don't have to do anything you don't want to.” “No, no, I'm like – ” More than the V/H/S movies, Hux hates being awkward. “Like you've said before?” Kylo blinks at him. “About, um...being a brat. You said you like it when I'm bratty,” Hux says, quietly. "Oh my God," goes Kylo. "You're so fucking cute - you're pouting again, but that just makes you even more cute." Hux continues to pout. "You're not getting laid tonight." "Fine with me," Kylo says. He stretches out, arms closing around Hux. "That means you won't get laid, either. 'Night, babe." "Wait!" Hux starts. "I take it back, I want you to fuck me, please - " "Cute," Kylo mumbles, and promptly falls asleep.