Aboard the Inquisitor The long streak of dark grey pierced the black of space like a spear, hurled from an endless arm. From blunted tip to violent engines, there was no sound along its dark reaches but an ambient, unceasing roar heard only by those on board. “Who owns Helstroe?” The bridge of the Inquisitor hummed its standard, lonely hum as its crew tapped away at the many consoles lining the sunken seating that nested around the central gangway. Commander Talia Brosh tapped away inspectively at the panel before her, reading reports of the Inquisitor ’s general progress through the sector. Nothing immediate appeared to have developed, but she was on disquieted by something. Something she couldn’t quite put her finger on. “That would be the Colrick Allied Interests Group, ma’am. They own most of the non-industrial worlds in this sector.” Captain Mellia passed the note over to the Commander’s terminal. It showed a brief rundown of the planet’s owners, a smallish company that had originated from the mercantile worlds of the Hosnian system. There was conflicted information about its origins – it had been established on Hosnian Prime but registered further out in the Dyrnal system, on Cantist Major. That was all she needed to know. Squaring away the report, Talia turned her eyes to the main window of the Inquisitor and stared at Helstroe, wondering what to make of it. It was an early world, from before the great expansion, but it had apparently been sold nonetheless. Nothing in the mapped universe was without an owner, she had once heard said. It was true, perhaps with limitations in the outer rim, but not something that really needed saying. Tapping the panel again, she raised an intercom. There was no response at the other end. That went without saying – there had been no response for some time. The Inquisitor was on precisely that sort of expedition. There was no bar on contact with her superiors, but she was the Commander of a First Order Star Destroyer. She had few superiors to speak of, and those she did typically wanted as many fingers in as many pies as was possible. On the Inquisitor alone, she answered solely to the General, and even he was far too busy for her. She strode down the gangway, a trooper raising a hand in salute as she passed. She gave them a polite nod, less professional than she should, before striding out into the main hallways of the ship’s mighty bowels. The Inquisitor was a magnificent ship, not intended for stealth or reconnaissance. It was a flagship for a show of force, billowing colors and standards throughout the ship telling anyone just who had dared to build it long before they could ever see the force itself. Talia walked with a quick step towards the elevators, choosing engineering carefully. There were multiple decks for every possible function and division, each separated again and again, but engineering’s primary deck was arguably the least notable. It held the greatest number of people, offices and active workers. This rendered it useless to the shipwrights, who called that deck “Engineering”, nestled neatly between “Drive Core Systems” and “Auxiliary Maintenance Craft Hanger Repairs”. Part of pomp and flair was the need to aggressively assign, connote and demarcate. Engineering was practically an insult. Talia loved that. The doors parted as officers entered the elevator on a lower floor, headed in a similar direction. Shift change, likely. They were passing administration and support functions. Most of the ship’s delicate work was done outside the main deck. The rear of the ship had passage to and from by rail, but the essential functions were blissfully close together. It made Talia’s journeys across the ship so much easier. Her style was hands-on, arguably to an absurd degree. It had been her relative success in the face of the impracticality of her command style that saw her promoted through the ranks to the chagrin of the old guard. Much of that was her own personal spin – there were few who could deny her ability, and few that outwardly opposed her promotion. It was a luxury of her colleagues that they could claim to be some singular entity, risen from the ranks against all odds. Why could she not lay claim to a similar legacy? It seemed only fair. Politics, after all, ruled the modern military in very different ways than it once had, and politics was all about perception. Talia had not always, of course, been the commander of a Star Destroyer. It had been a long road here, each impractical decision feeling like the turn of an entire galaxy before she knew if any gambit of the week had truly paid off. It was not a charmed life, no matter who or what decided it must, somehow, be such an easy task for her to rise among the ranks. She knew in full and graphic details what was said about her behind her back. It was said about most in the Order who did not fit a certain Hux/Ren mould. She, of course, would never suggest such a thing. She would never suggest that Palpatine’s aggressive and self-destructive exclusion of aliens had extended so far as to bleed into the rest of society. She would never suggest that Captain Phasma, pride of the Order’s stormtrooper program, had at one time been a joke and – worse yet – a warning to any who tried to follow her. Phasma succeeded. So did Brosh. Now, of course, that meant one thing and one thing only. They did it behind her back. Hands on, she had decided, was the best way to stem such talk. It did not, she had long since reconciled, matter if some third-tier radar technician who could barely install a calcinator spoke vicious untruths about her. It mattered if her chosen staff did, however. She knew each of those officers and attendants well. She knew what they spoke of when she was not around. General Veers was who they spoke of now – favoured son to a favoured colonel of the old Empire, his loyalty had spurred him much higher than Brosh. Now, he sat in his suite commanding from afar. Talia, on the otherhand, was ever-present to hear what little the crew thought of that. Against the dark of endless space, she strode towards the office of the General, wondering exactly what her report would be. There was, of course, an endless and dizzying array of stories for her to concoct. That was part of her training, after all – truth, through a certain veil. Helstroe was not what they had hoped, though Veers’ own optimism was his downfall. Their downfall. Brosh had hardly held his somewhat optimistic view of the planet, though she did not admit it. They had sought wonder, and found nothing but ruins. Worse yet, they would meet resistance. She was sick to death of resistance. It had become too commonplace in their post-Palpatine world, even if thinking such things felt a little on-the-nose. “Yes, commander?” Veers’ voice echoed over the intercom with a tinny sound that made her suddenly regret wanting to file a report. It could wait. Helstroe wasn’t going anywhere, and they were still some distance from the planet itself. Eventually, she realised, the silence was too long, and too deafening, and he had already pointed out that she has not some secret agent. Veers knew all, even if only because he was overenamoured with the Star Destroyer’s security systems. “A report sir,” She finally responded. There was a delay – slow, measured thought from Veers. It was for show. He had tried to stoke a certain reputation, which certainly wasn’t based on reports of a Grand Admiral from the early days before the First Order had truly coalesced. Suggesting such a thing would be tantamount to an insult. The door opened and shut around her, and she entered to the sight of books – thousands, lining each and every wall of the general’s office that was not plastered with more technical constructs. “I had not seen your quarters yet, general.” That much was true – Veers had a tendency to either summon her to the Inquisitor ’s meeting rooms or make his presence felt on the deck. Beyond that, he was as unsociable a figure as the first order had ever dared to produce. It was, she presumed, the books that caused it. They were old relics, and he was far from such a thing – a young upstart trading on his father’s reputation. The need for detailed histories of Hosnian Prime or grand tales of Obroa-skai. Out of the corner of her eye, she was certain she could see an old technical manual from Bilbringi. She had never understood the craze for those first-hand accounts of such dry matters. Some old master recounting how to build an engine seemed pointless, and worse still to confine it to paper and bindings rather than a datapad. The very notion of books seemed antiquated. The young upstart, slowly but surely, seemed more out of touch than she had assumed. “There is a certain charm to them,” Veers sneered through what was undoubtedly affectation. His voice seemed to change with the seasons – a haughty tone that slipped through when he was calm and considered, but fell away as Republic and Resistance ships glanced along their flightpath. Veers in an emergency was a different beast to the man who swaddled himself in assurances and books. “These are a selection of my collection. The remainder is with my estate – though, of course, it always pays to travel light.” He chuckled at his own joke, while Brosh’s mind wandered slightly in search of why it was amusing. “My report, sir?” She finally asked, hoping to take Veers’ mind off himself for a moment. “Of course,” He replied, graciously gesturing to a seat before him. In the light, he did not look so young as he had when they had first met. His face was more worn, more firm, and his hair less fair than it had been. If time was not running a shadow over him, then he had rigged the lighting to do it for him. That did not seem so unlike him, but then again she could not say for certain what Veers would do for appearance; they may have met many years before, in much different circumstances, but their conversations about subjects other than ship bearings and battle plans were still few enough for her to count. “We approach Helstroe rapidly, sir,” She said, resting gently in the smaller chair that sat before him. This was affectation too – she was less comfortable, less prominent, and his larger chair loomed over her from a half-step amongst an enclave of worn tomes that she was beginning to believe stretched as far back in origin as the Old Republic. “Our preliminary scouting missions have so far turned up some troubling information.” “I am not surprised,” He replied, his face less than concerned. Brosh took a moment to read him – it was artifice, she knew, from the way his neck held itself tighter than before. Helstroe was insignificant compared to the potential impact on Veers’ career. “The planet has been abandoned for sometime – this is not uncommon knowledge, but conventional wisdom places it as the victim of a mining accident. Due to the nature and scale, it was easier for Colrick Allied to abandon the planet and disavow knowledge of what had happened than to deal with the fallout.” Colrick Allied were little more than pirates turned proper, on-par with the Hutts as a dangerous crime syndicate. There were still too many places in the galaxy where order had to be restored – but Brosh was well aware that the Supreme Leader’s actions were not taking them down that road very quickly. The Republic was well-cemented. The Resistance was an effective front. The Inquisitor was barely more than an exploratory ship now, scouting for resources and new finance pathways. Veers was certainly well aware. “Better to claim you had nothing to do with it and cover the operation up than dare to accept fault,” Veers commented with a sneer. Brosh felt her nose curl at the statement – as if the General would not do the very same if needed. “Why is this bad news?” “Helstroe is a planet of two opposing forces – mineral rich mountains and flora-heavy basins. The plant life is not unknown to us, but neither is it friendly.” She tapped briefly on her datapad, sending him a series of images. “These were taken by our exploratory teams. Fungi, parasites, symbiotic life-forms… Helstroe is not so much a planet anymore as it is a toxic caldera.” “How exactly did Colrick Allied takeover in the first place, then?” Veers seemed unsure. It was one thing to risk life and limb for the First Order – it was another to do so when facing almost certain death. Outfitting more than a single trooper would be costly and resource-heavy, given the engineering work required to retrofit the suits. Sending them down without it would be pointless and damaging to their troop reserves. This, coupled with the average Stormtrooper’s shallow training, was enough to make Helstroe a far less appetising prospect. They were trained for war – and war did not involve toxic spores and intelligent plant life. “That’s the thing, sir. Helstroe was a delicate balance.” She tapped over a few older images she knew he already had – archival views of the land from imperial tax missions and scouts of the Old Republic. “Whatever Colrick Allied did, they didn’t just leave because it was more cost-effective.” “They left because they had no other choice, I see.” Veers paused for a moment, resting his chin on two fingers. This was undoubtedly a tough choice for him – failure was not taken lightly, and given the potential Helstroe had shown it was not certain he would remain general for long if he simply gave up. The First Order, for all their regimentation, was prone to administrative impulse. If Brosh was more ambitious, she might have considered nudging him towards conceding defeat – but that sort of ambition was reckless, and would just as likely leave her own position vacant if inexpertly done. Instead, she had another plan prepared for him already. She tapped the datapad, sorting through files. “I have a proposition for you, sir,” She said without much hesitation. The gentle touch with which she approached the subject was well-rehearsed. “We do not need to make landfall ourselves. We need only send in someone who will return to us with what we need, and who would not be inclined to take it for themselves.” “A contractor?” Veers considered the thought, although his voice was uncertain. “I can’t say it looks good for us, but failure looks far worse.” “We can also avoid the cost of equipment – smugglers, bounty hunters, treasure seekers… They have a tendency to better prepare for a world like Helstroe.” Brosh could see the gears turning. Manipulation was not her strongest suit, but neither was this truly a manipulation – Veers’ ambition would not let him return to any of the outposts the First Order had established, nor would it allow for anything less than a costly and dangerous expedition into the heart of a planet that would consume footsoldiers alive. If she would have to be the one to keep her men alive, then Talia would have to accept it. “Mercenaries…” The word stuck in Veers’ throat like venom, burning and clawing at him. This would be the sticking point. Pride goeth before the fall, and there were many who would fall before him for the sake of his pride. “This is not without precedent. Lord Vader, I believe, used them in his campaigns against the Rebels.” “I’ve put together a short list, however…” Brosh stopped for a moment, considering. “There is one name I’m struggling to contact.” Admitting as much was a sign of weakness, however she was increasingly of the opinion that she didn’t have a choice. Veers would have to sign off on additional funding for this anyway – the name at the top of her list would be something of a coup for the First Order, should they manage to keep him on retainer. “You’ve heard too, then?” Veers had a wicked grin on his face. She wasn’t sure how, but then again, it was one of those rumours that had proliferated through the universe like wildfire. “Do you think we can get him?” “If it is him,” She reminded the General. “He died in the course of duty, don’t forget.” Veers responded with a tut-tut that made her feel foolish, her own pride suddenly wounded far more than she would have liked. “That was never confirmed, as it was not an imperial operation. The only confirmed death from that incident was the Hutt.” Veers considered the datapad, flicking through it to his own personal files. Had he some personal interest? Brosh wasn’t sure. Perhaps he was simply an Imperial Historian – the books didn’t do much to disagree with that. An old family, old money… It seemed reasonable for him to be stuck in the failings of the Old Empire. “It will take somewhat more than I have budgeted to contact him, but we’re both well aware of his record. If it truly is him…” She trailed off, letting the silence do the talking. Veers’ mind was clearly racing, and she had to do very little in order to encourage it. She leaned back, smiling, as a curl formed in his lip. That was that. The money was hers. She left his quarters, her confident stride returned. Her mind was mapping out each individual stage of the process from this point – contact, interview, confirmation, expedition… It was a thousand celebrations come at once, and she could hardly contain herself. “Corporal,” She said, entering the communications suite. All heads turned to her, expectant. “Please proceed with first contact of the Mercenary. Funding has been allocated.” She took a breath, savouring the moment. This would be her legacy. “Bring me Boba Fett.” Chapter 2 : A Cliff in the Dune Sea Footsteps crunched lightly through the dune sea, shifting sands and hard rock meeting beneath a well-worn boot. There was much to say about the suit of armour that trod lightly around a canyon wall – it was too hot, it was too worn, it was too bright. None of that, however, mattered much to its occupant, nor did it seem much cause for concern as they began to climb. Fingers wrapped in thick, abrasive weave began to pull in agonising movements, unhelpfully complemented by unsure footing on a craggy-but-timeworn surface. The suit had many functions, more than a few of which had failed with time. A respiratory system, noble enough in its purpose, was compensated for by a sound dampener. It was keenly honed – speech, and speech only, would leave the helmet. No one would have heard the heavy panting coming from the helmet anyway, but it was a nice reassurance to have. There were always exceptions to any rule, and it appeared that the strained groan of someone wearing heavy armour was close enough to speech to override the dampening function. “You say something?” A more modern earpiece crackled noisily in an unprepared ear, and on the other end Cyi Calo recognised her mistake after the torrent of breathy swears poured over her speakers. She whispered a ‘Sorry’ that at least abated the wave of frustration, and turned her attention to a map. “You’ve made it to the ridge, at least. Take five. The next bit is the tricky one.” “Remind me why I can’t use the jetpack?” It was a fair question, and hearing the breathy stutter of the bounty hunter’s voice made Cyi reconsider for a moment. No – she shook the thought from her mind entirely before it took a greater hold. No giving in. “Because you need the fuel, and you need the stealth.” It was possibly over-curt, but she was talking to a frustrated mercenary sitting on the side of a cliff in the middle of the Tatooine dune sea. Unlike the innumerable holovids that suggested the contrary, sometimes being old friends wasn’t enough to make someone listen to you. Cyi had always had a slight edge of authority, it was only fair that she try to use it. “That jetpack sounds like a dying Bantha spitting up fire. You get even close and you’ll trigger an anti-air sound sensor, let alone actually be heard by droids or, Maker forgive, actual people. You can only really use it when stealth isn’t an option –“ “Like when I’m fleeing for my life with a bounty and need to take the shortest path out. Yeah, I got it.” The frustration was still there, but Cyi knew reason had won. It often did, she noted, when money was involved. “You’re nearly there. After the next climb, you’re on the half-plateau that Kortoss’ gang don’t bother defending.” “Better than nothing,” The bounty hunter replied with a world-weary tone. Cyi smiled – it wasn’t quite a joke, but it had that tone of voice that meant it was meant to be taken as one. The last thing she needed was a grumpy contract killer risking everything over an earache. "Look, I know this is probably not how you wanted to spend today. I get it, it's fine." Cyi leaned back, her feet resting on the console before her. She lifted her glass, took a sip of the cocktail she'd thrown together from what felt like a hundred almost-empty bottles around the room, and began replotting their course. "Are you drinking?" Came a snippish reply. "Only sort-of." Calo was grinning, purely for her own benefit. "I'll buy you a drink when this is all over." "You'd better," the Bounty Hunter replied. Cyi could hear the familiar grunt of an inexpert cliff-scaling behind the words. Matching the movement to her monitors, she began tracing the ascent. "We really need to tune the sound system in that helmet better," Cyi said between sips, "I can hear all your grunting but otherwise you sound dead." "Really?" The mercenary spat, strained ooph s between each new raise and pull of their arms. "It's smart enough to stop you from hearing me wheezing, and you've got a problem with that?" "Hey, when you're doing this whole thing, silence is terrifying." It wasn't untrue - any sudden silence coming through the speakers made Cyi's heart skip a beat. It was the tinny, feedback-underscored silence of machines; she would sit alone with nothing but the faint hum of uncertainty. Their setup, though relatively elaborate, was hardly foolproof. She could see occasional heat signatures, bounce movement off sonar, whatever she was able to get into, but in the middle of the cliff-faces that edged the Dune Sea, there wasn't much for her to get readings from. "So I should keep talking? Maybe sing a song?" It was the laughter that really stung. Cyi apologised for the immediate reaction. They'd known each other too long. "Remember that Cantina in Anchorhead? The one about a stone's throw from Tosche Station?" "Oh wow," The bounty hunter crowed, voice full of mock-remembrance. Their tone had changed dramatically at this stage - it was less broken, less strained. Must have made it to the top by now. "I tried joining in with the Bith." "Big mistake, the one in the middle nearly murdered you." It was a fond memory – she had lurched in from the bathroom to find one of those signature instruments she could never remember the name of being wielded like a club. Most of the patrons were either cheering of offering blasters, which she thought was cute in its own way. Like they’d made the big-leagues of drunk Cantina patrons because everyone was so eager to help take ‘em out. “I think I see it,” The bounty hunter cut her daydreaming off with a reminder that she wasn’t in that old Cantina, but instead drinking a confidence-booster while her friend scaled a cliff-face heading towards a pirate’s encampment. “You were right. I see the entrance to the the old Palace.” “That place deserves better,” She mused, clicking her tongue gently. “It’s an icon.” The sneer that responded was not filtered out by her comrade’s helmet. “It’s a vice den that belonged to a Hutt, not a sacred temple.” The bounty hunter snorted, and Calo shook her at at just how lame her witty retort had been. "Yeah yeah, but everyone on this rock knows it. They sell little reproductions of it on Hosnian Prime." She'd considered buying one, once, but her last and only trip to the Hosnian system was less than pleasant, and she had been broke; even the heat and poverty of Tatooine was a welcome reprieve from knowing she was an outsider in the New Republic. There had been years of rapid economic growth, restructuring and political line-drawing. Social matters, especially when it came to mobility, had fallen by the wayside. No one thought twice about backwaters like Tatooine, or the people on them. The universe owed Tatooine its freedom, and it had repayed the planet with cruel distance. She paused for a moment, checking the readings as best she could to snap herself out of the gloom. "Your vitals are looking good. How's that plateau treating you?" "Better," replied the merc. The wheezing was gone, at least. Mandalorian armour was notoriously heavy - though the Empire had stolen the basic design, the current by-product was almost unrecognisable. They had opted for lighter, streamlined components. The Mandalorians had built their reputation on being able to fend off the harshest of environments as a halfway point between shock troopers and commanding solo operators. At least, that was how Cyi understood it. There was an uneasy tension in her mind between what they were doing, and the history of it all. There weren't many Mandalorians left at this point, nor was their history any less storied and legitimate, yet this was survival work. They had run out of options. "OK, you should be coming up on the rear of the palace. Last survey says it's weakest there, though no one would try assaulting it because-" "Because the whole thing is surrounded by the dunes, which you just can't hide an army in." The bounty hunter chuckled. "Good thing I'm an army." "Careful," Cyi warned, "Too cocky and you'll get gunned down before you make it over the wall. Kortoss isn't stupid, he's well fortified regardless." "He's a pirate. " The words were half-spat, and Cyi frowned at the sound of them. It had become a worrying trend. "He'll get what's coming." "And so will you if you underestimate him." Calo warned, but it was falling on deaf ears. She sighed, placed two fingers to the bridge of her nose, and barked an order that made the bounty hunter yelp in surprise. “PAY ATTENTION.” It was a bit much, but this was life or death. Well, more accurately, it was their first time doing this – they had done small bounties, a little muscle work, all of it testing the water, but this was their first big score. Kortoss wasn’t just the target – he was the start of something very special. “OK, OK, fine. Fine. I’m calm. I’m centered. I’m 1000 percent peaceful and serene.” The cockiness was almost blinding, even at such a great distance. “Anything I should know?” “I’m picking up heat ahead of you.” Cyi tapped a screen, zooming in slightly. Thick lines of light hummed around her face as she picked through competing heat signatures to separate the bounty hunter from whatever it was they had discovered. “Looks like life-forms, but none of Kortoss’ men should be out here.” “I’ll take a look. This next ridge brings me level, right?” It was true, but it didn’t make it any less risky. Life-signs meant either beasts or wandering pirates, and neither really presented a great option. Spooking a Bantha was just as likely to scupper the whole thing as actually being seen was. Both would put the place on high alert, and Jabba had always been a man of defences. Cyi had studied him well – indeed, it was a scholarly pursuit to write histories of the recent galaxy. It had proven a double-edged sword. While ‘thorough’ documentation of the lives of the Skywalkers were available, most worlds in the Outer Rim considered them a myth. Writing them down had been akin to fictionalising them, and when those stories travelled by vid and word of mouth outside of academia… It astounded her how quickly Tatooine had forgotten such a famous son. Worse, those that did remember him did so through a lens of mistrust and mythology. Some had said he was a Jedi so powerful that he had pulled the second Death Star out of the sky with nothing but the force. Others scoffed, and said the force was a myth meant to encourage accepting one’s lot – after all, if you didn’t have it, what were you but a normal, boring person? With those two extremes, it didn’t matter much what Hosnian Prime’s official records said. In a hundred years, trends in writing history would slowly leak those touches into whatever writing was happening on the subject. General Leia would be removed. The smuggler, whose name was suspiciously absent from so many things, would probably be some sort of trope, like a wacky sidekick in a children’s vid. Skywalker himself… She gave it about thirty years before a genuine religion was built up around whatever misguided vision of him was in favour at the time. Cyi liked to imagine that this future-Skywalker would have eight arms, a lightsaber in each, and be some sort of fabled prophet destined to bring about something ridiculous, like balancing the force. No, the official history listed it plainly. He was a jedi, son of the Lord Vader, sister to General Organa, whose relationship to Vader had ultimately proved the empire’s undoing. He had grown up not far from the palace, which unfortunately made it the only thing anyone ever spoke to her about in her rare visits off-world. She would have traded away anything to never hear “Oh, what do they say about Skywalker there?” again. “I have eyes on the target,” Her speakers crackled. She let her mind drift back to the heat signatures – there was little point getting distracted now. “Bad news. They’re Raiders.” “The ones we tracked leaving the palace a few days ago? I thought Kortoss scared them off.” Calo was confused. Tusken Raiders were scavengers – the palace was ripe for scavenging, but like any settlement they knew better than to actually try. “Looks like they’re back,” The mercenary replied, a strain to their voice that made it clear they were struggling to stay hidden. “And in greater numbers, too.” “Be careful. Go around. Take the distraction as an opportunity to maybe find an entry point other than the front door.” Cyi was mapping the ridge now, using the reflected heat as a heightmap. “There’s a damaged section to the roof a short distance to your right. If you lower back down to the ridge and use the commotion to clear the path, you should be able to reach it via the outcropping to the rear. The mercenary whistled softly. “That’s one hell of an outcropping,” Came an exhausted-sounding reply. “Can’t I just go with the original plan of rushing the entrance and hoping no one is able to raise an alarm?” “That was never the plan and you know it,” She chastised. “This should put you closer to the rooms. Best we know of Kortoss’ schedule, he won’t be in the main living area now. Finding him up there is much more likely.” “Puts me closer to an egress point, too.” The bounty hunter lowered themselves gently down, finding once again the footholds and rests that had seen them through the initial climb. It would be a pain, but the rock was largely time-compressed sandstone, which meant the ridges and outcropping were much more layered than a standard cliff-face. This made moving eastward to the road much more of a shimmying motion than an actual climb. Cyi followed the shifting heatsource on her scanner, smirking. The mercenary was making fantastic time across the rocks, and Cyi took the opportunity to record the approximate speed as one of yet another series of variables for future use. She wasn’t sure when she would need to know horizontal shimmy speed in full armour, but it might help nonetheless. Turning away from her log, she began to plot on the monitors, but before even a rudimentary ascent had been planned out, the mercenary was almost halfway across. “Doing good, almost there,” She said without focus. It wasn’t so much an affirmation as it was a simple marker, more for herself than anyone else. There was a lot on the line, and Calo didn’t like to admit it. It wasn’t just money for food, or accommodation. They had both found themselves at the bottom of a barrel, and this was their ticket out. Kortoss was high profile, but no one could touch him. It would be easy too – it wasn’t so much that he was well-fortified, but rather that he inspired fear among the locals. Bounty hunters and mercenaries hired to take him out had to come from the outside, and Khars Kortoss had one of the deepest credit lines on the planet. When loyalty was bought, it was easily outbid. That turned the fear of assassination into a pleasure cruise, and for a fearsome pirate he had grown somewhat accustomed to it. Taking him out and collecting the bounty would make them more than enough to get off world and start over – but part of her had secretly hoped that Kortoss would have found out and bought them off too. “OK, I’m gonna make a run for it.” The voice was sudden, and Cyi realised she had drifted off again. The mercenary’s heat signature was bouncing wildly as they broke into a sprint, crossing the wide road to the palace with an almost graceful ease. It seemed to be fine – the Raiders at the gates were not violent yet, but the gate guards were more than occupied with them. The sum of the whole affair was something that seemed almost too easy. It left an uncomfortable feeling in the pit of Cyi’s stomach. Reluctantly, she returned to her maps. “You’re already climbing? Incredible. You must be getting used to that suit.” She was genuinely impressed – it was heavy and unfamiliar, built for all-terrain rather than some terrain. “This suit is smarter than it looks.” The bounty hunter had already reached a higher ledge, she could tell, a fact she put down to urgency. “I can see the hole. You’re right – there’s a door at the end of the room, presumably shut and locked, but I can break through that. You ready?” Cyi tapped at her console, switching her maps to a floorplan. This was tricker – using relational positioning from the suit, she would overlay it with the schematics and guide her partner through. No spacing out now – this was the real test. “Ready,” Cyi Calo replied with a firm resoluteness. “Ready as I’ll ever be.” “OK, codenames from here on out.” The mercenary took a deep breath. The helmet muffled it, but Cyi knew her partner and their pauses too well. “Ready, Nobody?” “Ready,” Nobody replied. It was a silly codename, but Cyi could tolerate a little silliness for personal safety. “Ready, Boba Fett?” “Ready.” Fett replied. She was firm in tone, a certain professionality in her voice that Cyi had not expected. This wasn’t one of their trial runs. She was sending her best friend, one she’d known since the pair were both young girls running unbridled around the parent’s nightmare that was Anchorhead. “Wish me luck.” The heat signature on the final map of the outer palace moved rapidly, then turned a blinding white. The static over Cyi’s speakers wasn’t static at all – it was the jetpack. “Couldn’t resist, eh?” She said to herself, switching over completely to the floorplan. Fett’s entrance had been into what had once been the secondary bedroom. She marked an estimate and began the positioning relay. “Good luck,” She whispered, only to herself. There was a hell of a lot riding on a dingy suit of armour they’d won in a Sabacc game, but Cyi Calo knew they were ready. Chapter 3 : The Quarters of General Veers Talia Brosh pulled herself sluggishly from her bed, the ache in her bones so familiar that it was as though an old friend had come to greet her. She crossed to the bathroom, splashing water on her face in a vain attempt at pushing away the darkness. Space was hard on anyone who wasn’t born in it – the night was eternal, and the consistency of shifts on a Star Destroyer made the bleed of time even worse. She had long since given up paying true attention to relative time, instead choosing to simply work herself to exhaustion and rise with whatever effort she could muster afterwards. Her sleeping schedule was erratic, but Veers was notoriously hands-off when it came to management of the bridge. She was functionally in charge, and no one was questioning her appearances and disappearances. She lifted a datapad from her desk on the way past, choosing to take a short recovery break before returning to duty. There was plenty for her to catch up on in the Order, including an unexpected piece of mail. She opened the message, source and format garbled almost beyond recognition in its efforts to go around the First Order’s almost meticulous surveillance. T, Children well, youngest with now-passed cold. Studies good. Family healthy. Award for Q. Time passes. H. It was a knife to the heart, but Talia had at the very least been expecting it. Herra Claftin, once Corin Brosh nee Stalv, was the last thread to her long-forgotten transgression. Two years outside the order, while still very much inside it. She was stationed on Bastion, a sad little urban rock used as a forward operating base in part by the early Imperial Remnant and later, as a flow-on, by the Order. Corin had been a radar technician, and she an up-and-coming officer. Their romance had been whirlwind, every stolen moment of Talia’s time devoted to a woman with a snub-nose, a thick streak of freckles and hair that feel in uneven strands. Families, for the most part, were forbidden – they were a distraction, among other things, and though allowances were undoubtedly made for others, she had always known their particular coupling was neither useful for nor encouraged by the Order. It was a helpful Moff who had placed her into protection – though in her darkest heart, Brosh had always wondered if it was in fact two birds with one stone. He was pleasant, affable, and affectionate towards Corin. He probably didn’t want her to go through the heartbreak. Instead, they drifted apart through space in that much worse of ways, where every shattering of her heart had come in frozen, vacuum-cold shards. This was how they talked now, to avoid anyone figuring out what had happened. She knew, though, that their time was over. They would never be reunited. Most days, she wondered if she would open the next missive, bounced as it was through so many relays. She always did, and it always left her cold in the way that only lost love could. She would always wonder if that Moff had just swung the axe himself rather than let a tribunal potentially allow it. The very question sank her further into the bed she could no longer will herself out of. Reality, ultimately, proved itself to be the winner on the day. As her intercom blared aggressively at her, she rose from her sleep-flecked nostalgic fugue and pulled on the basics of her uniform. The deep, red light continued to beep at her until she was presentable enough for a commander. She tested that thesis in the reflection of the intercom’s screen, removing scraggly and stray hair from her face until she was comfortable speaking to another human being. “Brosh,” she said sluggishly, her finger retreating from the intercom. The face of a young officer greeted her with a time-weary neutrality. “An update on the exploratory force, Commander.” That was the last thing she needed to hear – it was a suicide mission and everyone was well aware, but prudence meant that Veers could not sign off on hiring a contractor without at least scoping out the danger. “Send me the abridged version,” She replied with a less-than-concerned dismissal. “Commander, you may want to see them in person.” If there was something to see, and they had not all died, then Brosh had only a small list of options to choose from. She favoured parasitic spores – early recon had suggested the local flora was capable of this, but the reality of stepping foot on a planet like Helstroe was always more complicated. “Officer… Kreus,” She replied with a memory-searching stutter, “If you want to waste my time, go ahead, but know you have a lot more to be wasted than I do.” “I…” The young man faltered, diplomatic resolve returning to his face momentarily. “My apologies, Commander. Of the four dispatched to the surface, three have returned with at least one limb missing.” That wasn’t quite what she was expecting, but it wasn’t entirely unpredictable. Whatever had grown in Helstroe after the mining interests had left, it was more than entitled to protect its land. “And what about the fourth? Other injuries? Toxicity?” She asked curtly, a note of frustration underscoring her words. That was three troopers who were permanently sidelined now – she wasn’t likely to get lucky. “That’s just the thing – the fourth is the one who injured the other three, Commander. I-“ Brosh’s hand struck the wall with a thunk, a rising anger in her body that was not unexpected but which required constant control. She was a professional – and though this officer may not be directly responsible, the death of her entire crew was likely to rank high on the list of career-ending failures. “Are they quarantined?” She asked, pointed and firm. “No, ma’am, they’re being treated in-“ She cut him off, furious. “Seal the medical wing if that’s where they are. Move the medical staff to another section once anything vital is done. Anyone – and I mean anyone – who had contact with them is to report to whichever section of the medical suite the staff end up in. No one is to leave for seventy two hours, understand?” “Ma’am, I-“ “ Understand?!” She bellowed, the intercom momentarily flickering as feedback echoed through the speakers. “I understand, Commander. The exploratory force will be quarantined immediately.” The intercom’s hum dimmed as Talia let her shoulders relax. This was the last thing she needed, but it looked like there was no avoiding it. With a penitent sigh, she reached for her datapad and began assembling a somewhat by-the-numbers report. Veers would need to hear of this, and – She paused mid-thought for a moment, thinking. Wasn’t this Veers’ Do Not Disturb period? She was a little hazy on the time, but her datapad confirmed that in terms of relational port of origin timing, this was Veers’ allotted private time. A general, of course, should always be accessible. The General, however, was not the only one who rejected this maxim. He had three hours – approximately 8PM on Bastion through to 11PM, that was when he was to not be disturbed under any circumstances. There was, however, potentially a parasitic life-form on board. Having decided that this was not ‘any circumstance’, she adjusted her uniform to brush away the last indicators that she had just awoken, and set out from her room in a stride. The corridors felt especially cold to her tonight, though she consigned that internal terror to the fear of broken quarantine. She rode the elevator with a droid – a tiny thing of little significance – that alighted onto an earlier level. Veers’ had a deck all to himself, but between the administrative quarters and his suite was nothing of value. It was largely a storehouse for data – banks and banks of records and information, much of it useless. Few Star Destroyers dedicated quite so much space to processing, and that was something Brosh had always wondered about. It was not the primary databank, so why an entire floor? She shook the thought from her mind. That way lay madness. Stepping forward from the elevator, she approached the General’s suite with a passionate stride. Any potential fury had to be abated, and the simplest route to that was making sure it was evident her mission was important. She buzzed the door, alerting him to her presence, but no response came. She stood for a moment, wondering – was he asleep? Was he simply engrossed in something? The door was not locked, but then again – why would he need to? What general felt the need to lock themselves behind durasteel doors? She touched at them lightly, they slid open to welcome her, and against her better judgement Talia Brosh decided to step inside. Veers’ suite was much as she’d left it, except darker. Of course – he was asleep. It had been silly of her to simply walk in but, no, the room was hardly silent. She could hear him talking. Rounding the corner from its oubliette, she entered the room proper to find an unearthly blue glow enveloping many of the books and artwork that littered the suite. Veers himself was talking to the spectral blue figure. “You are not alone,” It spoke, and Veers swivelled. His face was pallid, terrified – who was the woman in the light? It did not look like a standard hologram message. Was it artificial, somehow? Not a true image, but an AI? Her general waved, the body disappeared, and the pair stood for a moment quietly in the semi-darkness of his suite. “I hope I’m not interrupting,” She replied. This was something of a lie, but she did not bother indicating as much. He had piqued her curiosity now. “I suppose you want an explanation,” Veers said with a sneer. She could demand no such thing, but the general was hardly the sort to think of the benefits of position when caught unawares. “If you must know,” He said crossing to a chair, “That was an artificial intelligence. It is a test for a new battle coordination program. The Supreme Leader is uncertain of its effectiveness, so we are providing him with usage data.” “Wouldn’t it be better to use it publicly, then?” She asked, confused, but Veers waved a hand. “I see your confusion. No, this is designed for single-user programming. It mimics natural speech and language processes to encourage and suggest improved plans. I was feeding it the raw data from the incursion team, and the discussion we had raised a number of key areas we neglected.” “Surely a read-out would be better?” She was confused. AI moved droids, anything else was potentially disastrous. “If it has suggestions, why not just say so?” “Because a room full of generals does not provide bulletpoints, and the luxury of intelligent discussion should not be lost because the distance is too far for communications relays.” That seemed to be it, then. While functionally a planning tool, it appeared the Supreme Leader had designed an ego-stroking device for his more peculiar underlings. Veers was notoriously private, so provide him with someone to ensure he is not slacking or wanting for company. It seemed somewhat sick and disingenuous to her, but Brosh kept those reservations to herself. “I understand – somewhat,” She replied, wanting to move on. The General had nothing else to contribute, and before long they were running through the list of candidates provided by their surveillance team. Fett remained at the top of the list, though his information was yet lacking. “I see Fett has not agreed,” Veers subtly chided, “We have plenty of hands for hire who are willing to meet us halfway, though.” Brosh shot him a glance as they poured over the lists, but Veers remained steadfastly glued to the datapad. “He has not,” She said through gritted teeth, turning her attention to a few of the higher recommendations on the list. “What about Nawib?” “Tarian Nawib is a fool,” Veers scoffed, “He has done contract work for the order before. He nearly ruined the entire operation.” That was sort-of true, but Brosh knew Veers was almost deliberately misremembering. Nawib was no incompetent fool, merely one the Order had failed to adequately inform of the dangers. When he was unable to provide cover for a saboteur team in sufficient time, it was therefore his fault – and not General Hux’s, who Talia had been lead to believe had personally briefed him that there was no indigenous life-forms larger than a rodent on the planet’s surface. There had been such a thing, of course, and their conversation now about Nawib had nearly been in the past tense. “That’s somewhat… harsh, sir.” Brosh gently reprimanded him with an authority that was not, unsurprisingly, welcome. Veers’ eyes flashed with a pale fire for a moment as Talia ran her mind through exactly how foolish her words had been. Even a gentle reprimand was too much for a man who believed himself to be of prestigious lineage. “Excuse me?” General Veers asked, an icy tone to his voice that she knew to be wholly manufactured, “I don’t believe I heard you correctly.” As had been the case so many times before, Talia now found herself wondering whether to capitulate to authority or make a plea to her own correctness. Both were undoubtedly risky, of course, but Veers was a man of such risks. “I said,” She continued, sinking somewhat into her chair as a bracing mechanic, “Nawib was not adequately equipped through no fault of his own. To dismiss him would be to dismiss our intelligence team, and I don’t believe that to be a worthwhile exercise.” Veers had remained perfectly still, and though her words were true – the General knew full well that it was his mismanagement of the intelligence unit that had caused the fiasco – it was, of course, a woefully incorrect tactic. Veers rose quietly from his chair, and her eyes never left him. She began, under her breath, to recite to herself calming mantras. What would happen was not unknown to her, but she believed strongly in exacerbating the problems of leadership she disagreed with. There was always someone one step superior looking for a reason to move their own pawns into place. Feeding Veers’ anger was not a smart idea – but if he lost control in front of any of the Grand Admirals, or even a Moff, he would be out before Snoke could be informed. She was not entirely prepared for the ancient copy of Brigand’s Bailers which flew past her head. It was a weighty tome that crashed against a far bookshelf, shaking a small bust loose which crashed to the floor in thunderous agony. She kept her eyes fixed, refusing to look away, as his furious gaze met hers. He was breathing heavily now – no words, just an anger at being spoken back to by a subordinate. It was a bait well taken. Tarian Nawib was no fool – General Danton Veers, however, undoubtedly was. She rose from her seat, calm and collected, stretching a stiff muscle in a move of supplementary defiance. “Are you finished, general?” His quiet fury had turned to something more sinister, she felt. It was the pallid shake of a man who wanted to do so much more, yet could not. Commander Talia Brosh was far from untouchable, but they had long since fallen into a comfortable groove. She was far more the general than he, and his own forces knew it. They would follow, but he would have to lead. She watched him swallow gently, his body willing itself into something closer to stability. “You are on thin ice, Brosh.” The words hissed at her through gritted teeth. Of course she was, but Veers was one mistake away from no longer being in command, and she had a proven record. The Inquisitor was hers, it was only a matter of time. She strode, defiant from the room, casting the red-faced man a professional-yet-curt nod as she did so. On the other side of the door, however, she let her knees buckle. She fell back against the slick grey walls of the corridor, her skin looking dark and vivid against the washed out features. She breathed deeply, steadying herself. Whatever hyper-competence she had come to display, it was nonetheless a coat she clung to tightly. She had nearly done much worse than put a foot out of line, and a dread crept across her chest that the mistake she was goading Danton Veers into making might well prove to be an unexpectedly lethal one. The sound of the smashing bust repeated in her mind, but she closed her eyes and let it drift away. As she collected her emotions, she began to step once more towards the elevators. Into the comms device nestled safely at the base of her neck, she began to speak. “Please, set up a call with the Bounty Hunter, Fett.” The device buzzed momentarily, before a reply echoed against the rear of the closing elevator. “We have only a contact – calls herself Nobody.” Brosh rolled her eyes at this. It was one of the most common names in the underworld, a clever ruse that almost always meant they were intelligent but not particularly savvy. “Then I would like to speak to Nobody.” The words sounded ridiculous, but she was running out of options. Tarian Nawib was not going to do them any good – she paused mid thought, realising that Nawib was not what she had gone to speak to the General about. The medical bay was still quarantined. She reached for the datapad in her pocket and fired off a quick message to Veers. He didn’t read them often, and she knew that – but she was hoping for a mistake. “Would you like to take the call in your quarters, ma’am?” She responded affirmative as a dismaying message appeared on her pad . ‘Understood, will speak with Doctor Marcell myself’. If nothing else, at least Veers’ inevitable mistake would not involve infecting an entire ship. Chapter 4 : Jabba's Palace Fett stalked the halls of Jabba’s palace with a measured ease. She had considered running, breaking into a steady pace that would have put much more weight on the positioning that Cyi had built for her, but the weight of her own body and the armour upon it was starting to rear its head in silent indignation. She had come a long way to reach these corridors, and she had never been a mountain climber even before deciding to scale the not-so-sheer cliffs around the rotting icon. Instead, she had let herself slip into a subdued pace. Each step was brisk but planned, an almost comic shifting of weight doing its level best to keep reinforced boots from making a sound on the stone floors. Cyi had not been impressed with this sudden change of plans, but could not fault the reasoning. Fett had that effect – quick with a blaster, quicker with a better idea. They were rarely tested in the field, but this was as good a time as any to put her penchant for sounding right to practical use. She was taking stock of the hallway in her mind – it hadn’t been touched much since the previous owner had vacated the premises, and there was the noticeable detritus of a group who were not truly committed to living somewhere. She found a strange and almost unsettling amount of discarded items – anything from clothing and food to weapons and ammo packs. “This isn’t Kortoss’ base,” She finally said into her comms, stooping to pick up a power cell. It was a fairly common type made for stun blasters – probably intended for local wildlife. The Tusken Raiders at the entrance were a likely target; killing angry locals with a mob mentality only made things worse if you weren’t committing to genocide. Kortoss was an asshole of a pirate, but at the very least he wasn’t a mass murderer. She paused for a moment, thinking about that, and admitted that he was at the very least a serial murder. “He’s been here a while, that’s the weird thing,” Cyi’s voice crackled over her headset, “If he isn’t setting up camp permanently, then he’s about to move.” “Good thing we picked now to attack then, I suppose,” Fett replied, scoping out the hallway from her crouched position. “This place is a mess, Nobody. I wouldn’t even be too sure he was here if we hadn’t tracked his approach.” “Don’t get too thrown by it – Kortoss is definitely there, and he’s the target.” The target, the target, always the target. Fett shook her head, somewhat bewildered by her own dogged pursuit. They weren’t being paid for this one just yet – it was a bounty, and they had to claim it. The poster was an unknown, but signs pointed to local trade concerns who were being frozen out of their markets by the presence of a pirate. Pirates brought blockades – their own and the Republic’s, the kind of foolhardy embargo that was meant to stop illicit trade by starving it out. Any pirate worth his salt could smuggle, which meant the only people who felt the heat were the locals who were forced into buying from the very people supposedly being choked. The New Republic did not seem so different to Fett as the stories Cyi had told her about the old one. “I’m moving forward. What way should I head?” She said into the helmet, resuming her stealthy pace. She was increasingly worried that the detritus around the halls might hide more than just half-eaten protein bars, but the thought of booby-trapping a public passage seemed foolish even for Kortoss. She paused at the sound of noise, before pressing herself into an alcove. She could hear two figures talking – their approach regular and increasing in volume. They were in the connecting hallway, about to turn and find her. She pressed back into the decorative alcove, giving herself enough to at least not be seen until they were physically passing her. She laid a hand on her blaster, preparing herself… before the voices changed direction. There were a pair of empty rooms on either side of the hallway in front of her. “Wow,” Cyi whispered into her ear, “You have no luck, do you?” Was this ironic? Fett didn’t rightly know. “Alright, let’s think,” Fett said, pressing herself to the wall. The pause on Cyi’s end seemed eternal, a constant condemnation of a plan that might have gone smoother had she simply run for it. “Those two entered the room at a brisk pace. Where does it lead?” “No luck,” Cyi replied, a harshness in her tone, “That room has no exit. They weren’t just passing through. Either they’re about to walk out again, or they’ve hunkered down.” “Damn.” Fett mulled her options for a moment, wondering exactly what they were. Stepping into the doorway and catching them off guard was risky, but simply darting past was even riskier. Her armour was distinct enough that she wouldn’t be mistaken for one of Kortoss’ crew at a distance, which mean if they were facing the door she’d make it another ten steps before either the alarm was raised or they were in pursuit, both of which either put them at her back or left her stopped while an alarm procedure started. “Hang on, there’s yet another interruption.” She could hear Cyi take a deep breath on the other end of the line, something which should have panicked her but only really reminded her of the peculiar functions of the suit. Masking the sound of breathing was strange, and certainly did not make much observational sense, but her vitals were being transmitted and that would surely make up the short-fall. “I’m receiving a message. Direct line. We have an inquiry.” “What?” Fett asked, confused. “Who is it?” “The First Order.” Fett sank against the wall slightly, a sudden despondence falling over her. There was no chance it was a pleasant call, but worse over was the probability that it was the same as before – an offer of work. The First Order were no great mystery to the universe. The pair were well versed in the kind of work they did – and worse yet, the kind they offered. “Tell them I’m not interested,” She finally replied, unpacking her blaster. She had to go on luck here, and the prospect of talking with the First Order was the only thing more terrifying to her in that moment than the potential suicide this mission was offering. The routes were mapped out in her mind, her only option was to rush them. Walking past was too dangerous, even if it was actually a sprint. Any time she had her back to one of Kortoss’ men was the end of her life. She swivelled, launching herself into the doorway. The two men she had heard were clearly not meant to be there – between them lay a couple of pricier sticks popular among smokers in Coruscant clubs, a mid-progress sabbacc game, and a pair of blasters helpfully laid flat out of harm’s way. “Nobody move,” she said, her voice echoing in the room with the measured, masculine tones that Nobody had promised were close enough to its’ previous owner. “Who’s winning?” “What?” Said one man, confused, before a bolt caught him square in the chest. The second man rose, reach for his blaster, but the second bolt splashed against his head in electric fury. “Damn,” She said, looking at her blaster in disbelief, “I think these stun rounds might be lethal.” It was only a half-concern, with no real proof other than how messily the shots had landed. “Naw, they’re potent as anything though,” Her partner replied over the comms, “Anything with a human-ish system should be out for at least two hours. More than you’d need to get the job done.” “Are you sure?” She said, looping her arm through the left-hand Sabacc player’s limbs, his broad Rodian features looking somewhat slimy in the dingy light. She dragged him behind a partition, laying him to rest underneath a foldout bed. “I don’t think this is a good hiding spot, but they seemed genuinely startled that anyone was up here.” “Probably taking a break they wouldn’t want Kortoss to know about – that’s a good sign. Means they thought this room wouldn’t see much use.” “Just a theory, though,” Fett replied as she dragged the other – a pale Duros figure whose eyes were spasming slightly where the stun bolt had hit. “I’m putting a lot of faith in this.” “Yeah, well, so am I keeping the Order on hold. We can’t just let them keep hailing us, it’s too important or they’d have stopped trying by now. It’s probably somebody with a title. I’m guessing either Commander or Lieutenant.” “Can you just, I dunno, say I’m busy? Take a message.” Even without seeing her partner’s face, Fett knew she was being scowled at. “Yeah, alright, alright, stupid idea. You talk to them, then. Public heavily-disguised-face and all that. Isn’t that your job?” “Well,” Calo replied, wrinkling her unseen nose, “If that’s all I am to you, maybe I’ll just sign you up for whatever they want. I bet you’d love that. ‘Oh, sure, Boba Fett would loooove to sweep your base’. Don’t forget that I’m basically your god now.” She leaned back in her chair, a wry smile on her face, and even without the gift of sight she could almost feel the glower across their blissful distance. “That’s blackmail,” Fett replied, running cable around the arms of the stunned figures and a nearby ventilation port. It was slightly overkill, but she was never sure of a Duros’ constitution, so it only made sense to add an extra layer of security. From her belt she removed a small wad of a low-grade thermal explosive and a small button-sized detonator. She wrapped it tight-but-gentle around the knot in the wire, and carefully slid the detonator into the dark green mass. This was a common trick for certain types – whether part of an ingenious escape plan or, as with Fett, just one way of making sure that their detainees didn’t starve to death if no one found them in time once she’d made her escape, it was a useful trick to have. The detonator could be set, and it would take however long it was set for to explode as the detonator slowly heated over that time. It had limits – too long a time would cause the heat to build up in the putty itself, but for an hour as Fett intended it was perfectly functional. There were plenty of names for it, but she had come to personally favour Smuggler’s Sting. It was a silly, folks-y name, but Fett had to admit she had a soft spot for that sort of thing. If she looked deeper inside, she might have found a link between that affinity and her willingness to adopt the mantle of a long-dead mercenary; for the time being, placing the explosive was just one in a long list of things that were keeping her mind away from introspection. “So, do I take the call?” Cyi Calo’s voice was even-handed, but ultimately it was the persistence that had persuaded the mercenary. If she hadn’t been interested, she wouldn’t still been asking. The Order, though an extension of the regime that had done little for Tatooine but make it a resource-stripped stop on a galactic historical tour, admittedly showed no more animosity for her world as did the republic. A mercenary who died in Darth Vader’s service was not likely to get government contracts, even outside of the obvious reasons, which made the Order a more appealing prospect. Contracts were contracts, and they could be refused if they were unsavoury. “Alright, fine, do it, get it over with,” She said, striding out of the room with renewed vigour. Her step weakened somewhat as she remembered the need for stealth, a lump forming in her throat as Fett realised that ‘Nobody’ taking a call mid-operation meant she would lose her narrated map. She stepped gentler, if not slower, as this realisation dawned. “This is Nobody, speaking for the Bounty Hunter Boba Fett. How can I assist the First Order today?” She was laying on the pleasantry almost too thick, but a contract was a contact, and money was money. “A pleasure to finally reach you, Nobody.” There was a wry undertone to their caller’s voice that Cyi could place immediately. It was all the smugness and arrogance of a First Order higher-up, further reinforcing her assumption she was being hailed by someone of stature. “I am Commander Talia Brosh, of the Inquisitor ”. “Called it,” Cyi whispered to herself in an unmeasured tone. “I’m sorry?” Came the First Order commander’s reply, which Cyi dismissed with a chuckle. “Nothing, nothing, just a few pieces clicking into place. How can I assist?” It was a half-hearted question, though she was not above money in any form. The Order were not respected, though they were feared. The general understanding was always that they were not the Empire, not as it was, but a foolish dream that it might once again be something resembling the nightmare available in long-form on any holonet-accessible datapad. Her studies had been long and hard, and none of them had given the Empire even the smallest tinge of positivity – even those apologists for Emperor Palpatine’s rule fell into the kinds of rhetorical traps of justification that made it quite clear that no one really wanted to go back to that except those that would stand to control whatever wreckage they pulled from its ruins. “The First Order is recruiting a mercenary for a single exercise on a planet not too far from your location.” The commander was brusque and forthright, but Cyi’s mind was ever on the game. “And what location is that, Commander?” She asked. The would-be Imperial seemed confused. “You would know that once accepting the job, I –“ Calo cut her off, dismissively. “I mean, where do you think I am? Where we are? If you’re really First Order, and your codes certainly seem in order, you should have the technology to prove it.” Cyi was smirking, though the commander could not see that. “… Fine, if you want some sort of preposterous show, we have located your signal on Geonosis.” There was a haughty superiority to her tone, but Calo was doing her very best to supress every surging bubble of laughter that was rising within her. “Yes, Geonosis, of course, you pass. ” Geonosis was about three systems over, but it proved that the routing system she’d haggled from Calavan Cyndish worked. Of course, he had not sold it to her promising it would, but she was resourceful. It was a truth, universally acknowledged, that the desire to survive and ultimately leave a backwater waste like Tatooine was more than drive and ambition to bolster any innate talent. There were a million excellent mechanics on Tatooine, and few would ever see their hard work manifest in the freedom that they worked so hard for. Scavengers, survivalists and wasters were always capable – it was no strange exception to learn that they might be skilled at their chosen craft. Cyi Calo had chosen communications tech, and years of practice and training, alongside her short-lived Hosnian apprenticeship, seemed to finally be paying off. “That’s quite enough. We have a contract opportunity near you, and I am perfectly happy to pass it on to another mercenary if professionalism is not a luxury afforded by your organisation.” Nobody almost laughed at the use of organisation , as though they were some sprawling mercenary network and not two hucksters who’d bothered to read histories on their datapads. Regardless, a measure of added grace was needed and Cyi let it filter into her voice with practiced ease. “Contract opportunity, you say?” She had other questions, but this was the most pressing. “Not an offer?” “We would obviously require an inspection of your equipment and a face-to-face briefing. Should there be potential disagreement on either of our behalves, I would not be so brash to offer employment immediately.” There was a sense of readjustment in the admiral’s voice, and many leagues away Brosh was straightening herself for what she felt was a rising game of Dejarik. “Disagreements,” Nobody began, “Can mean a great number of things. What might the contract entail that you believe we would outright refuse it?” She sat upright, mimicking the sense of the commander’s voice. A steely glaze over deliberate word choice. “Or, moreover, what would have you refuse us after so much effort?” “It cannot be overlooked that the mercenary you represent is known to most as a deceased individual.” This was Talia’s biggest reservation, based almost entirely on the blunt reality that she held far from a full deck in these dealings. “Even outside of Imperial records, the fad of True Bounty tales over the past decade that swept most of the civilised universe made the story of Boba Fett common knowledge, both in its telling and its somewhat final ending.” “So, you have a number of choices before you.” Cyi decided to play the game as it was being presented, knowing that it would place her on the back foot if she spoke incorrectly. “Either Fett is old and out of practice, has been in deep cover and as such is more than adequately field-ready, or he has died and was replaced by an imposter.” “That would be the case,” Brosh replied, noting the particular ordering of Nobody’s potential scenarios, as well as the other possibilities she had carefully left out, “But suppose the man is irrelevant. What we require is someone with a suit of well-maintained Mandalorian armour, with all which that entails, who might stand to profit from working with a high-profile client.” Cyi pondered the offer for a moment. This Commander Brosh was no fool, and that suited her just fine. It did, however, suggest that she was obscuring most of her objective. “Very well, Commander Brosh. I will call you back,” She replied, “After I consult with the Bounty Hunter. He is in the field, currently, but I will endeavour to return your call on this frequency soon.” “See that you do,” Brosh replied, “This opportunity requires speed, though not so much as to be reckless on the part of your current work. Brosh, signing off.” Cyi switched back to her main comm feed only to hear a low, furtive muttering. “Everything OK?” She asked, but she already knew the answer. “Definitely,” Fett replied in a jaw-clenched tone, “Except that I accidentally wandered into their common area. They’re just common folk, though, and think I’m one of them.” “Easy, then. Just walk on out. If you’re in the main common area, it’s the far door where the room narrows.” Calo’s reply was met with a scoff. “Not so easy. I just got dealt into a Sabacc game.” It sounded exactly like that would happen to Fett, except her tone was too brusque. Something was definitely still wrong. “And that’s a problem because-“ “Because Kortoss just walked in the damn room,” Fett replied in a hushed whisper, “And I’m pretty sure he knows that he doesn’t have any famously dead Mandalorians working for him.” Chapter 5 : The Upper Levels Boba Fett had roamed the halls of the late Jabba the Hutt’s palace with as much care as she could afford. Unfortunately for her, there were two key advantages weighing her down – the first was, in a rookie mistake that she had known would come back to haunt her, she had not adequately studied the building’s design schematics. Partially, she admitted, this was because physical copies were rare. They were strictly digital, the original copy lost and the designs reconstituted by the first wave of historians who sought to preserve such an important landmark for the ages. They had long been driven out by a lack of funding, and Kortoss was not the palace’s first keeper. The second disadvantage was the total lack of comm contact from Nobody, her far-from-silent partner. They had agreed on protocols like these up front – if a call came in, it was to be given priority. Not, as one might think, because it was necessarily so important, but because they were running on old tech for the most part. Their comms, though cutting-edge at their design, had not progressed with the end of the Empire and the sudden arms race that came from the public dissemination of former wartime projects. They were sophisticated enough not to be tapped, but a savvy slicer could at least identify their comm’s point of origin. This was still set up to deflect through a number of relays – Geonosis, Fett believed, was the current ‘origin’ of the signal – but simply hailing them would be the easiest way to triangulate their signal. It was not likely that Kortoss’ men would impersonate the First Order in that tracing call, but it was not impossible either. Radio silence meant cutting their comm connection entirely, and Fett’s tender steps took on a weighty significance as each one developed a greater risk of being her last. She might not have studied the palace’s plans, but she had at least seen them before – when she reached a staircase, it was easy enough to orient as one of the outer descents that she could use to get closer to Kortoss’ den. This was an educated guess – Kortoss was definitely still in the upper levels, but the outer rim of the palace, where Fett stomped warily for now, was more of a thoroughfare. The larger rooms were still probably at least one floor down. If nothing else, she would find out soon enough. She took a run towards the stairs, bounding down them with the grace of someone desperately trying not to be caught mid-flight. Her momentum carried her further, past the bottom landing and into the adjoining large hallway. These were definitely the living quarters for staff – either Kortoss had taken residence here, or he was in Jabba’s personal lounging room. Her quick mental picture of the palace held little more than a memory of the staircases and a rudimentary idea of how the levels flowed for use. Assuming that the staff rooms would be better equipped for someone like Kortoss – Jabba had expected things to be brought to him, personal luxuries in his suite were plentiful but broad and largely not useful. Fett caught her thoughts for a moment, realising what she was thinking. Why wouldn’t Jabba’s suite had ‘useful luxuries’? Years ago, when she was a child, there had been a holovid drama about the crime lords of Tatooine. Salacious TV, of course, and with a stifled laugh she realised that her entire idea about where Kortoss might be keeping his base of operations was based on a fantasy. “You there!” Came a voice, and Fett spun on her heels, hand on her blaster. A confused looking Weequay stared back at her, before waving her on. “We need another for Sabacc. You on break?” “… Uh,” Fett considered her options carefully. The safe option was to say no, and pretend to be heading to some duty. The Weequay was not wearing anything that identified him as an agent of Khars Kortoss. Nothing seemed right at all – the palace was too empty, too far from lived in, and his men had no identifying insignia. She had begun to doubt she was even in the right place. “Yeah, I’m just looking to sit down for a minute.” She said, the voice of a long-dead Bounty Hunter echoing out of her helmet. “Well sit down in front of the table and play a hand, Morquin just cleaned us out and we’re struggling for ways to win back the pot.” There wasn’t much point in fighting it. Mercs tended to fluctuate in loyalty, but if it was possible to get mistaken for one of them then it was definitely possible to blend in. “Alright, after you.” She motioned stiffly, her posture suddenly eager to reinforce the sound of the late Fett’s voice coming from her helmet. The common area that had been turned into a makeshift lounge for Kortoss’ men was at the Weequay’s back, his leathery face disappearing into a doorway that opened onto a room full of smoke and gambling. That was another notch in the weirdness belt – Kortoss wasn’t known for being a great commander, merely a decent pirate who had plenty of enemies. Even with that context, the lounge was much closer to a cantina than a garrison, and a faint sound which echoed in her mind while outside had turned into full-blown music. “You knew?” Asked a stoic Duros as Fett joined the table. She waved him off, a gesture met with laughter. “Yeah, yeah, stupid question, right? As long as he’s paying, I’ll do a lot worse than sit in a crowded palace.” There was not a single data point about Khars’ operation that made sense, a fact that made Fett’s lack of outside contact feel even more constricting. There was some great joke that she wasn’t aware of, and it was rearing an ugly head. “So what’re you in for?” She asked, making small talk as their hand was dealt. An Aqualish to her right muttered an indistinct but obvious tell. “I was working some freighters on the Rim, casing them for a local boss when suddenly our entire workforce gets contracted out to the big man.” A hand was played, a Verpine swore, and the Aqualish bowed out gracefully. “Am I the only one who just got told to show up and look tough?” Fett played a hunch, and though the Duros’ eyes narrowed somewhat as he replied, it was clear she had been right. “I don’t know if anybody does. Feels suspicious, right? Like –“ He was cut off by the sound of the Verpine laughing a shrill, mandible-muffled laugh. “Don’t mind Yatha,” It responded carefully, “He’s just paranoid. Kortoss has something here that needs guarding. He’s hedging his bets. Just hang tight and wait for whatever alert’ll sound.” “You don’t know that,” The Duros interrupted, and the game of Sabacc devolved into an argument over whether a guard on the lower levels had in fact seen Kortoss supervising something ‘in a crate with more security than the Coruscant palace’ – the Verpine’s words – or not. The whole scenario reminded Fett terribly of a fateful day in Anchorhead, sat beside a droid and three grim-looking traders as they played Sabacc for the rights to an auction lot. Playing for auction lots had become something of a pastime in the trading centres of the outer rim, as the scavenged artefacts of the Galactic Civil War became fewer and further between. In the early days, it had been easy enough to find scraps, but no one wanted them. There was an unspoken taboo around memories of the conflict that had claimed entire Worlds, let alone destroyed civilisations and ruined communities. The histories often forgot the human cost, but the people never did. This taboo quickly faded as the post-war acceleration kicked in, the money moving back and forth from rebuilding and relocating efforts driving economies to their limits, creating a sudden need for scavengers to mine the old Empire for everything it had. There were some worlds, Fett knew, where scavenging was the backbone of the economy. Tatooine had briefly flirted with scavenging wrecks for parts as a way of living, but it was the worlds where real, grand-scale conflict had occurred that truly integrated looting wrecks into their day-to-day lives. There wasn’t much on Tatooine outside of long-emptied outposts now, which had inevitably turned scavenged items into a premium luxury. Whatever vital part could be found was lumped into an auction lot and sold to the highest bidder – but, it would be noted, few could afford to be the highest bidder. A sense of camaraderie had taken over the bidding public, at least for the truly valuable lots, and Fett found herself in semi-regular syndicates, each member contributing a small amount to the auction until all members were at their spending limit or the auction was won. The individual parts were then meted out piece-by-piece through the true equaliser: hustling Sabacc. You either won or went home empty handed, if your pride wasn’t too wounded to make you do something foolish. Fett had not done anything foolish, but she had played for a certain part with every dirty trick she had up her sleeve. Her final auction, to date, had seen her walk away with a pristine power converter for an early-conflict Imperial Landspeeder. She had great plans for it, and it seemed like a long path from winning the converter to her current predicament. “Incoming!” A somewhat harried voice called from the other end of the room, breaking her momentary nostalgia. A human with dirt-flecked hair paced out of the exit at the room’s narrowest section, followed momentarily by a face Boba Fett had not yet been expecting – Khars Kortoss. He strode into the room with the self-assurance of a man who was paying a planet’s worth of mercenaries to protect him, an ostentatious man of leather and silks. He was the most colourful figure in the room now, and he stepped through it with a measured, precise care. He was searching for something – or some one. Had the guards woken already, or been found? It seemed unlikely, but Kortoss did not appear to be spending quiet time with the staff. “Deal,” Fett barked at the Durosian dealer. He seemed momentarily surprised, but the Verpine caught him in the arm with an indignant huff. “You wanna draw attention to yourself? Deal.” He did as he was told. For what little sense this whole endeavour made, the guesses Fett was making were coming up solid. That alone was filling in gaps she didn’t really want filled in; Kortoss had the place under lockdown, a hundred – or hundreds of – hired guns paid well enough to protect some grand prize that might only exist if someone saw the right thing at the right time… Nobody was here because they wanted to be. Fett was figuring that much out pretty quickly. “Everything OK?” The sudden voice over her comms was music to wary ears, but the timing was somewhat too inopportune. Whatever advantage Cyi gave her, Fett was still unable to act without tipping her hand. “Definitely,” She replied discretely. The helmet’s speech processor was finicky, but could keep her comm talk quiet enough when she needed it, “Except that I accidentally wandered into their common area. They’re just common folk, though, and think I’m one of them.” “Easy, then. Just walk on out. If you’re in the main common area, it’s the far door where the room narrows.” Fett wanted to laugh, if it didn’t seem so potentially life-threatening. The reality of the situation was grim, though Calo’s easy tone was helping to ease things. That probably meant her call with the First Order went well – or at least well enough that it could wait a little while. “Not so easy. I just got dealt into a Sabacc game.” Fett was following Kortoss with her eye-line as best she could, making good use of the disguise her mask provided. He was inspecting the men and women in the room, though he was keeping it hidden. That added paranoia to the list of things about this job that left a bad taste in her mouth. “And that’s a problem because –“ Fett played a hand, the Verpine swore, and Kortoss’ eyes followed to their table. Damn. Not drawing attention had been the whole point of continuing the game. This was the opposite of OK. “Because Kortoss just walked in the damn room,” She replied tersely, “And I’m pretty sure he knows that he doesn’t have any famously dead Mandalorians working for him.” Fett’s efforts to keep herself low profile were failing somewhat spectacularly. He approached cautiously, clearly interested in their card game for reasons other than hoping to win the pot. “OK, OK,” Cyi repeated calmly. “Deep breaths. This is make-or-break.” The words rang slightly too familiar in Fett’s ears. She could remember them standing before the Jawa merchants, haggling over droid parts before discovering a suit of battle-time-and-bile damaged armour glinting pale amongst the scavenger’s For Sale arsenal. Their plan had been to buy a combat droid and slowly build up a fighting force that they could commission out, but as Fett turned that helmet in her hands she had known there was another option. She had been Audur Rati then, scourge of Anchorhead’s taverns and women, but the title of Boba Fett – no longer a man, now a pledge to something greater – had taken over such frivolities far more intensely than she had anticipated. There was an allure to the armour, something that made it all the more important that the Jawas hold it for them with a deposit. They would not trade it without significant credits – which neither Audur nor Cyi possessed – or a trade for what they needed. They had argued over its value, but Audur had persuaded Cyi to put what little they had as collateral. One expert game of post-auction Sabacc later, and a happy trade was made. It had taken as much work to repair and restore the Mandalorian armour as it had to grow used to it. There were always small jobs to be done around Anchorhead – protection and collection, mostly, but it had grown on her like a second skin. Small indentations and peculiarities of the suit’s fitting had become too familiar, and as she removed it piece by piece at night, each portion felt like a small dismemberment. As she lay next to Cyi in their tiny home, it felt like it was calling to her always. Cyi was the most unexpected change of all. They had known each other since youth, and were rarely separated – though Rati worked her way through those unfortunate souls who made port at Anchorhead while Calo remained focussed on her work. Their relationship had always been a potential thing, but as Audur had slowly become Boba Fett, her time committed only to advancing their goal, she had found their quiet moments to be somehow changed. They were ostensibly a couple now, though neither had put much thought into it. Fett was thinking most about it now, as Kortoss’ dour expression left her colder than she had expected. Their nights, huddled together in a crumbling apartment, seemed so distant now – so easily broken. Khars Kortoss paused beside her, turning his face down to scrutinise the amour she was wearing. It was momentary, but the chill that ran through her felt eternal. For a moment, Audur Rati wondered if she was now beginning to regret their decision. Boba Fett answered, her body rising before her mind realised what she was doing. “Take my hand if you want it, I’m breaking nil.” It was cocky, but Kortoss did not seem phased by this. He gave merely a weary smile and nod to the table. “Oh no, I wouldn’t dare. Morale dips low when the boss gets cheated.” A mild, slow laughter grew around the table. It was pleasing to know that Fett was not the only one afraid of what Khars might do. "Your loss, I was about to win that hand.” She turned to the table, posturing tough. “I’ve gotta get back to it, I promised I’d give someone downstairs a break.” She turned to Kortoss and nodded. “Boss.” Her gait was confident and strong, but her tone was broken. “Cyi, how’s the command centre?” “Ready to fly at any time,” She said, turning from her main monitor to the ship’s computer. It was a dingy freighter, a battered XS Stock won for her by Fett that Cyi had turned into a workstation. It was space-worthy, and part of their grand getaway plan, but Calo couldn’t help but feel that priming the thing was premature. Surely Fett wouldn’t take out Kortoss in a room full of people? “You’re not too good at this, are you?” Fett swivelled to see Kortoss and three of his hired guns behind her. The corridor was long and sparsely adorned – as she realised that there wasn’t anywhere for her to run, Fett suddenly figured out why Kortoss hadn’t just had the whole room take her out. It hadn’t mattered, and waiting for her to step outside didn’t put the crew on edge. “I just wanted to get alone with you, Khars,” She retorted, her now-drawn blaster gesturing disappointedly at the other mercenaries. “You trying to make this a party?” “Interesting. I wouldn’t have said cocky was something you could afford to be.” Khars smirked, and curled his fingers into the shape of a gun. “Bang.” The Mercenaries fired, but Fett dropped, her own blaster sending thick bolts into the bodies of the men. They were shooting to kill, but Kortoss didn’t know she’d only stunned them. Khars himself had no drawn weapon, which left her at the advantage. “Khars, come on, if you’re gonna pick any three guys from the break room, at least pick ones who’re still wearing armour.” Her arrogance was cut short by the sound of drawing blasters. Behind her, from the far doorway, had emerged more guards, and the three incapacitated around Kortoss had been replaced by another six. Kortoss shot her a smug look that burned nastily into her. “Alright, alright,” She conceded, “Maybe you picked better than I thought.” Chapter 6 : The Tatooine Sky As she hovered the ancient frigate under an easterly window, Cyi Calo felt a tightness in her chest. Fett wasn’t speaking much now, she was on the run from Kortoss’ men and it was only a matter of time before she either escaped or, well… the alternative wasn’t something she wanted to put much thought into. It had been a frigate – though a very different one – that had brought them together. They were both young, in the centre of Anchorhead, inevitably close to the spacefarers and traders that passed through. There were other places to make landing on Tatooine – Mos Espa or Mos Eisley were the most common candidates – but most ports were close together that it didn’t matter too much. You went to Mos Eisley for labour and smuggler, Anchorhead for Tosche Station’s cheap goods, and Mos Espa for Hutts (then later for the New Republic and, once they’d decided Tatooine wasn’t worth it, most recently for speciality mechanics). Tosche Station serviced most of the farms and businesses on this side of the planet, providing power converters and moisture vaporator parts for the needy, but it was the steady flow of commerce that came through which had turned it into the planet’s primary port of call. Once Mos Espa had grown on the back of New Republic money, there was need for an alternative goods and services source that could be afforded by those without that same New Republic money. Tosche Station had already provided that, and it spilled into Anchorhead proper like a virus, turning every corner stall into another Cheap and Easy Whatever-You-Need store. It didn’t matter much what it was – parts, food, goods, even people – Anchorhead had it. Once the New Republic gave up on Mos Espa, it left the city as a thriving economic hub that traded solely in cheap goods and left little to show for it. Calo had been a poor little rich girl, born to a family who decided not to leave Tatooine with the other New Republic ventures. She was wealthy by the planet’s standards – which meant not very, and the failed dream of the Outer Rim had left her parents not much better off than the long-term inhabitants. Nonetheless, they had enough to buy significant stakes in more than a few trading concerns, which lead to steady income and schooling for Cyi but ultimately, when Kortoss’ men moved in, it had resulted in the memory of her father standing by the front door, assuring her that he was just going to work something out with the nice men. He was found in the wastes by scavengers, identified only by his possessions. Her mother had not the stomach for life in Anchorhead on her own, and once Cyi was old enough to fend for herself, she left her alone with a handful of credits and returned to what little family she had off-world. The Freighter that Cyi Calo’s mother had left on, however, was not the freighter that brought Cyi and the then Audur Rati together. Instead, they owed their bond to a specific junker located on the far edge of Julyn’s Depot, a local junkyard about thirty minutes’ walk from Tosche Station. Crossing the dunes, even the well-trampled sand outside the walls of Anchorhead, was conventionally accepted to be a poor idea. Only two sorts of folk stepped outside the city walls: those with serious business, and those with nothing to keep them there. This exercise of extremes meant that the dunes themselves were not the only peril to avoid, indigenous life included, but also those fearless souls who saw the wastes of Tatooine as the only hope of turning profit. Caravan raiders and bandits of all varieties had grown like weeds in the last few decades, and a more adult Cyi had come to realise it was foolish of her make the trip to Julyn’s Depot alone. Julyn himself was a sour old man, frail of body but acidic in temper. He kept a junkyard which catered primarily to the Jawa population who scavenged the neighbouring areas of the dunes. When he finally died, clutching his sales ledger, what was of use was absorbed into Tosche station itself. What could not was picked at by those same Jawa, until all that remained was a small indentation in the sands that time had not yet covered over. At the outskirts of the Depot lay an old YT Freighter that the young Cyi Calo had become enraptured with. It was useless, falling to pieces, and by the end of Julyn’s life it had finally been scrapped into multiple large pieces for similar vessels. Calo, however, had sworn that she would buy the freighter one day. She had inspected it with her father, a potential purchase for one of his intercity concerns, but ultimately they had decided against it. The ship had been Calo’s first ever spaceship, the worn buttons, scuffed durasteel and torn leather interiors seeming to hum with the promise of a life anywhere but there. She watched stories of the world outside Tatooine every night, and sat alone by her window dreaming of what each star might offer to get her as far away from that place as she could. She had eventually left for study in the Hosnian system, but long before those first steps she had dreamed of taking that freighter as far as it could fly. The Royal, she had called it – named, as children do, for one of those shows she watched each night before dreaming – and such a name seemed only fitting with each increasingly grandiose story that it received. First, it had been a private shuttle. Then, she decided, the private shuttle of some minor noble. Before long it had evolved into a full-fledged Princess’ Private Transport, undoubtedly a mash of numerous stories she had heard into one glorious act of self-mythology. She had met Audur as the freighter had been put up for final sale, notices of the impending auction appearing all over Anchorhead. Julyn wanted the space. Cyi had decided to steal it in the middle of the night, opting to sneak out of her parents’ home and cross the sand wastes to find it. Such a decision would have been foolish for a trained salvager. It was much more fraught for a little girl. Two roads diverged that night – one where Cyi Calo made it all the way to the edge of the town, to the dunes, and most likely to a gruesome fate. Slavery, mugging, being hunted as prey – even the wind could kill on a night such as that. Instead, Cyi Calo had run into a young orphan pulling down posters around the city. Deeply tanned skin and worn features communicated the news quite quickly – half of it had already been sold. It was in the process of being disassembled. The ship, which already could not fly, would certainly not fly that night. She had sunk defeated against the wall, and the young Audur beside her, and as she told the story of her grand and lofty ambitions, a friendship had formed that transcended the divide between the two. As the sun rose, Cyi Calo returned home, and Audur Rati returned to the group home that housed her. In the market, though, they would meet many more times, each day passing like seconds with their shared stolen moments. The sound of a heavy rattling against the roof of the freighter woke Cyi from her historical daydream. Creaks and groans echoed through the ship before the more unmistakable sound of blaster fire began to ricochet off the ship’s already flimsy shielding. As seals and hatches clunked into place, Fett’s voice began to echo through the cockpit. Needing no further instruction, she slammed forward on the acceleration as her mind finally caught up with the “ GO!” Fett was shouting at her. Mandalorian armour clanked loudly against the seat beside her, strapping in for the ship’s whirr-thunk jump to top speed. They broke the atmosphere easily, and Cyi began tapping rapidly at the controls for hyperspace. She was an old ship, built for cargo and not evasion. It still took minutes to warm up completely, even with the pre-flight sequences that she had spent her idling time cycling. Fett was watching closely on a monitor, a series of curses flowing from her now de-helmeted mouth. Calo stole a sideways glance – four fighters, much faster than they were. It was still a distance to cover yet before they could engage, but it would be before the jump. “Rough day?” She quipped, though Fett was not impressed. A withering glance was returned before the console beeped. “He’s signalling us. Do we dare?” “We’re about to be blown out of the sky by him,” Calo admitted, “Any chance to stall.” “Fair enough,” Boba Fett conceded, the helmet sliding back over her thick-bunned hair. She punched the console lightly, Kortoss appearing in holographic majesty over her. “Boba Fett,” He snarled, a sudden wave of relief passing through both Audur and Cyi that neither expected, “To think of the resources it must have taken to pierce my operation.” Cyi leaned back in her chair, stifling a laugh. Khars Kortoss could see only Fett’s expressionless mask, though she knew her mirth was shared. It had worked. Their plan was a failure, certainly – though well thought through, it remained too predicated on luck. Their disguise, however, was a rousing success. Though she may not have fooled an all-too-savvy agent of the First Order, pulling the wool over the eyes of a notorious bandit was victory enough. “Kortoss, it’s fine, I concede. You are the quicker man.” The echoing voice, low and distorted by Fett’s helmet-based modulator, rang uncanny in the cockpit. Cyi had never much cared for it, and her enthusiasm waned quicker still. “Whatever organisation you work for must have expended tremendous amounts of manpower and money to sneak you into my base, let alone reveal to you my location and goals.” Fett momentarily considered correcting him – she knew nothing of his goals, and had simply jumped into a building everyone knew he resided in, but now was not the time to tell a pirate king that he was wrong. Instead she lifted her arms in an exaggerated shrug. This, she knew, was thoroughly wrong. What little remained about the original Fett’s personality placed him as stoic and methodical, but determining even that had come from deep research. To the average mercenary, a bounty hunter was either a figure of few words or too self-assured for their own good. Fett herself had slipped up at the Palace – falling back on a cocky verbal disarming despite the futility. As she ran for the window and leapt, igniting that much-beloved jetpack that cost more in fuel than she cared to admit, her brain was already chastising her for accidentally committing to a persona she had not thought out. Their plan had not included the personality, and now that she had established herself as a plucky rogue, she would have to see it through. Reinvention was a game of privilege, and her only hope to rethink her strategy was to wipe Kortoss from the face of Tatooine as intended. “Look, Khars – can I call you Khars?” She began to stall, Cyi’s hands furiously working the hyperspace controls beside her. Those thick Mandalorian gloves she often found clumsy were now working their way around the freighter’s light turret controls. It was an automated asteroid defence system, but it would have to do. Each blast was designed to either shatter a small rock or push a larger one out of their path. For a fighter with modern shields and experienced pilots, it might as well have been a child’s roiqshooter. “Can’t we talk this out?” “Don’t you dare try and distract me,” Kortoss said, his smugness turning to rage. “I’ll blast you from the sky long before you can make the jump to hyperspace.” Fett’s own response was cut off, the hologram disappearing as Cyi began defensive manoeuvres. It was well timed, too – brilliant bolts of color flashed deadly past the cockpit window as Fett struggled with the antiquated turret controls. Cyi’s reflexes were good, but not perfect. As Fett’s blasts seared thick lines through the sky behind them, the freighter shook with the ragged intensity of a glancing blow. She whistled, admiring the shot. “That wasn’t homing, it was just good prediction.” Fett admired, though Cyi’s face did not suggest she much cared for it. Fett fired back, three quick shots that struck one fighter’s cockpit dead centre. It whistled angrily as it fell. Though the shot wasn’t enough to destroy it, any vehicle running straight into a powerful force would suffer some form of damage. Likely it had collapsed the controls, spinning it wildly out of control. Yet something was wrong, and Fett couldn’t quite figure it out, until – “Damn,” She cursed, firing another two shots with much less precision. “Kortoss isn’t even following us. They’re automated.” “What?” Cyi yelled, her hands flipping wildly between hyperspace controls and a bucking steering column, “You mean he’s going to kill us without even trying?” “Hey, not today,” Fett replied, though the certainty of her tone was backed up by less conviction than she liked. “Not today.” She fired again, somewhat uselessly. The droid pilots had no doubt adapted to that trick after the first time, and glancing blows were little different to throwing stones. She focussed, clearing her mind, following the aiming sensor with careful fingering before hitting the trigger. The bolts fired, but the droid proved too capable. Perhaps only one had been an AI – either way, they were running out of options. “Got it!” Cyi cried suddenly, slamming forward the hyperdrive lever. They began to accelerate, but at the cost of manoeuvrability. The ship rocked violently as the star lines exploded around them. They had made it out – but Fett was rapidly learning the cost of their escape. “Life support’s down, engines are OK but there’s power spikes – I think we’re gonna flare out soon if we don’t drop hyperspace.” “Just one more minute,” Calo begged, and Fett waved her on as though she were giving her the extra time as a gift. In reality, she could read the panels in front of her perfectly well. She began to join Cyi in her frantic button mashing, routing and rerouting what they could, but it was a junkyard freighter from a decaying world – there was little they could do. Cyi pulled them from hyperspace, the star lines fading into actual stars, before Fett understood her need for time. She had managed to pull them out close to a planet – green, certainly inhabitable, though with no orbiting stations that she could see. They were descending fast, the pale blue dot before them turning quickly into a large mottled orb. It was a crash course, and the panicked expression on Cyi Calo’s face gave her little hope. Fett braced herself, strapping in tight and pulling forward. Her partner, on the other hand, was pulling tightly on the controls, trying to steer, but the engines were flaming now – it had been too long in hyperspace. Fett had not given her enough time. “Not –“ Cyi groaned, pulling backwards as mountains that had once looked like thin black lines rapidly turned into detailed landscapes, “Not TODAY!” She yelled, pulling back as hard as she could. The ship accepted her, pulling up from the green plains that had sprawled out in front of them. The freighter roared as it struck the ground, skipping like a stone over pristine wilderness until they came finally came to a stomach-churning halt. The planet – which Fett now knew as Copta – was glowing deep orange in the setting sun by the time she and Calo had successfully extinguished the fires. For better or worse, they had escaped unharmed. Kortoss could follow their exit vector, but it would be a long search that they had too much lead on. The reality that he could still find them, however, was beginning to dawn on her. There wasn’t a lot of reason to believe he would, but his somewhat cryptic words were making the whole affair taste bitter in her mouth. Kortoss knew who she was meant to be, and seemed to assume that it had been a long time coming. Their initial contract was open ended – a simple contract posted on the Outer Rim’s less than reputable feeds. No one specifically had hired them. Certainly, no one had suggested to Kortoss that Boba Fett, famed bounty hunter, was working for them. That was a curious question for another time. For now, she had only the sunset to stare at from the roof of the Freighter. She woke to starlight, finding arms wrapped tight around her that she had not expected. At some point, it seemed, her scan of the horizon had turned dull. All that excitement must have caught up with her at last. Cyi had found her, wrapping a blanket around the pair before joining her in sleep. Though the dark underclothes she wore, Fett could feel the gentle pulse of Calo’s body. Every breath, every beat of her heart, every small wince at the bracing cold of an open field. Night was coming quickly, and they had little option. She slipped silently from the arms of her girl, sliding down the ladder back into the freighter. Weak sighs slipped out as she clattered past the discarded parts of her Mandalorian armour. Even the stand had been damaged. In the co-pilot seat again, she paused for a moment. There was no way off Copta for them. It was largely uninhabited, apart from distant plantations it would take far too long to reach. She held the microphone handset in her hand, wondering if it was her decision to make. Pausing, realising, she returned to the hallway. Helmet fixed tight, she resumed the seat once more. “This is Boba Fett, requesting aid. In trade, I offer my services to the First Order on their recent contract.” Chapter 7 : The Inquisitor's Docking Bay Talia paced nervously as she waited for confirmation. Fett, she was beginning to realise, was an unknown variable. Her certainty that it was a well-equipped imposter trading on the name was helping very little to dissuade her from the idea that maybe, just maybe, this was a bad idea. She stood by the window of the hangar bay control station, watching the large hanger doors open in preparation for the shuttle’s return. It had taken them two days to reach Copta, and what felt like only a half-second to retrieve the Bounty Hunter. That alone was giving her pause. Rescuing a bounty hunter that they were recruiting for a dangerous mission was, she reluctantly admitted to herself, an ill omen. “I have a bad feeling about this,” She whispered to herself. Beside her, a hangar bay controller simply continued tapping away on her console. That was smart. Never, she had quickly learned herself, confirm a superior’s doubts unless you are absolutely certain. No one could be. Fett was an unknown quantity of a trouble degree. Even Veers did not know the true extent of the risk at play. She had kept him mostly in the dark – primarily, of course, because her suspicions had strong but unproven reasoning. Mandalorian armour was more than equipped for the task they needed, no others operated in this sector, and Veers would shut the entire operation down until they found one if and only if Fett proved unusable. In all honesty, he likely was. She was left to struggle with that reality herself. "The shuttle is approaching now, ma'am," the once silent controller intoned. Talia took a deep breath and stepped backwards, returning to the gangways of the hangar. With two fingers, she tapped lightly at her ear. No response. A brief pause. Another try. "The Admiral is currently engaged, Commander." The voice was unknown, but familiar – before she placed it. The experimental tactical AI from Veers' room was screening his communicator? That seemed improper at the least and dangerous at the worst. “I do not really care if he is engaged or not, uh –“ She paused mid-sentence, and the AI predicted the reason with an unsettling ease. “You can call me WK-01,” The AI replied. “The General calls me Dubkay.” “… Alright,” Talia replied, hesitation lingering at the edges of her voice, “ Dubkay, please let the General know that I require his presence. It is essential business, regarding the bounty hunter.” “I’m afraid,” The AI replied with a calm and infuriating voice, “That the general will be unable to assist you. He has asked not to be disturbed, and I suggest you respect that.” She heard the communicator beep off but did not process that fact for quite some time. Instead, she simply stood, staring at nothing at all, a dumfounded expression on her face. The AI – barely a droid, barely anything but a program, had been quite rude to her. No droid in the First Order dared risking being scrapped. That was the I in AI – Intelligence, knowing quite simply when to hold one’s tongue. This AI was either more of a prototype than she had been lead to believe, or it knew it was in no danger at all. The latter thought was gnawing at her now, much more insidiously than her concerns about Fett. Talia Brosh took a deep breath and continued towards the hangar bay. Fett fiddled with her blaster awkwardly, her attempts at small talk having failed. Around her and Cyi sat a number of First Order Stormtroopers, a sight that spooked her more than it reassured her. The pair of them were, in theory, guests. An armed escort suggested otherwise, though it was likely a matter of procedure. A shuttle should not touch down without an armed envoy – that sort of thing. She kept trying to scrub the itch of it all from her mind. She kept failing. “What about you?” She asked the trooper in front of her. She was running out of conversation topics, and his compatriots had offered little in the way of conversation. None, however, wore insignias to suggest they were in charge. That, if nothing else, relieved the fear that she was going to be shot by them. Someone would have to give the order, and it was not often that person called it in. “PT-2048, Sir.” She was still struggling with the ‘Sir’ part – the Galactic Empire had certainly seen a reification of othering, including by gender. Tatooine wasn’t free of it by any measure, and her sudden movement between perceived poles was strangely freeing. “PT-2048. What a name.” She considered it for a moment, wondering if she should nickname him. ‘Petey’ was probably too cutsey for a mercenary to give. “Alright, Eight, tell me about yourself.” That seemed name enough. “Nothing to tell, Sir.” This was the stonewalling they’d all given her – the order rejected clones, yet made sure its soldiers had no distinct personalities. It seemed so much to her like a redundant trade-off. “That’s a shame. You must have a story though, surely?” Even a brainwashed trooper had seen action with his squad. There had to be some story to tell. “Not much, sir. Three missions, one incursion, mostly light clerical and sanitation work on board the ship.” Ugh, Fett thought. Sanitation. She had heard about that – the menial jobs for the troopers, to remind them that the cosy life of a ship was to be avoided. It was a clever tactic, and undoubtedly straight from some great general’s directives on how to run a Star Destroyer. It undoubtedly led to little soldier-to-soldier benefit, but it would sound effective in a report. She had worked for traders with similar policies, where any downtime was the perfect opportunity to clean decades worth of grime and muck. She suppressed “Tell me about your last mission, then. How many killed?” A straightforward question, but the answer surprised her. Trooper Eight regaled her with a thoroughly boring story about five shuttles worth of troopers setting foot on a planet about two systems over from Jakku. The Trooper, it appeared, did not even recall the name, only that they had met another Star Destroyer near Jakku and around a week before Fett was drafted for this ‘dangerous mission’. They had left the other ship to search Jakku, and the Inquisitor, as she now knew her destination, carried on to the other target. Their information, though, had been wrong. There was no village where they were told there was a village, and it became quite apparent that the trip had been a distraction. Now the other Destroyer had returned to the First Order’s base, wherever that was, and the Inquisitor was slightly too far away for it to be worth returning with it. Instead they were focussing on this third target, whatever it was, though the Trooper’s continuing vagaries worried her. It was not common for mere footsoldiers to know the strategic workings of a military power, but not even knowing the names of planets was doing little for that nagging pit in her stomach. There were a number of things about this plan that were probably poor ideas. First and foremost, Fett had decided, was that Cyi was wearing an outfit to match hers. It was not Mandalorian, but it kept her face hidden and made her appearance more imposing. Like the helmet of the late Boba Fett, it was impenetrable to most scans, though if the First Order reached that stage of proceedings then there was little hope that they would not be discovered. It was hand-aged, a fancy word for being shot and burned repeatedly until it had a similar sense of wear that Fett’s armour carried. Their masks did not allow for eye contact, but as they stepped from the shuttle and traded glances, each knew what the other was hoping to do. On the other side of the shuttle door lay not a welcome party, but a large and imposing tent. The Troopers ushered them forward, as an officer explained the situation. The target – planet Helstroe – was home to organic life that had evolved in myriad parasitic ways. By the General’s order, all incoming ships were to be decontaminated, regardless of origin. They were not at Helstroe now – the Inquisitor had travelled to Copta to meet them, but Fett could not argue that it eliminated any chance of error. Each of the shuttle’s riders stepped into the central chamber of the tented decontamination unit one after the other. Fett entered before Cyi, and was glad that her suit was air-tight with a filtration system. She recognised the particular colour of the air from those unfortunate workers who tended the natural gas fields that formed when too much sand became hot enough to melt. They would return to Anchorhead in closed shuttles, then step into decontamination units that hoped to burn the very smell from their skin. Anyone who worked those fields for a decade looked thirty years older by the end. It was a life Audur Rati was grateful to have missed. Stepping out of the decontamination unit, the tent now opened onto a stern looking officer holding a datapad. This was disappointing, and gave the distinct impression of a power play. There was no need to be logged before stepping into the hanger, as their details had been sent with the initial beacon. Yet here was a vigorous attention to detail that would serve only to inconvenience her. “Name?” Asked the officer, and Fett growled it to her. She began to tap at the datapad quickly, obviously realising the nuances of delaying a bounty hunter. “Occupation?” “Mercenary,” Fett replied, on top of a few other helpful details. She provided vessel details, the fact that said vessel was now an unflyable wreck, and a four-week history of movement. “Medical issues?” It was beginning to grate now, and Cyi had joined in. She was offering her information too, but the officer could not handle more than one at once. Fett and Calo both knew this, and took small pleasures in her increasing frustration. After what felt like an eternity, the pair were finally escorted from the decontamination chamber and into the harsh light of an open hangar bay. “Gentlemen,” A stern-faced officer welcomed them with folded arms. After a moment, and a momentary readjustment of the wisp of dark brown hair dangling from her headwear, she revised the statement. “My apologies. You must be Nobody. We spoke earlier.” Neither Cyi nor Fett replied, though this was something they had discussed before the shuttle arrived. It was a power move, to establish that they were not taken in by the bright lights of the Inquisitor. As Talia readjusted her composure, Fett knew that it had worked. “Yes, well, my name is Commander Talia Brosh. I am second in command of this vessel, under General Veers. He is unfortunately predisposed at the moment, but I welcome you to our ship and would encourage you to follow me to the meeting room.” “This is a meeting, is it?” Fett asked, cold but sardonic. “I thought this was a job offer.” “Boba Fett,” Brosh said mostly to herself. “Your reputation precedes you, as do some curiously timed tales. You are quite right that this is a job offer, but you are no fool. Please,” She gestured to a large gate at the end of the hangar bay, “Follow me and we’ll discuss what the job is. You may reconsider, and I would not hold it against you if you did.” The pit in Fett’s stomach grew three sizes. “Alright,” She replied, her ears echoing with the tinny sound of the helmet’s voice modulator. “Let’s meet.” As they walked across the hangar bay floor, Fett could see every eye slowly turn to her. Was it reverence? Suspicion? She was reluctant to put a name to any of it. The Order were a means to an end and an unknowable mind. Whatever the job was, it could not be simple if the legion of glistening helmets around her was deemed unsuitable for the task. The commander escorted the pair through a winding series of eerily similar corridors, each clearly built from the kind of drive yard kit sets that Fett had always found inhospitable. True, most large crafts could not avoid having repeating interiors, but she had only ever known well-worn junk. What little experience she had with these prefabricated starships was a lingering foul taste. The First Order, she had to concede, was no different. A soulless army, sterile neutrality, and the violence of conformity. She wanted to accept the mission and be done with it – whatever ethical concerns someone in a position of privilege might chastise her for, Fett had to concede the Order did itself no favours. They were lead into a meeting room, where a large circular table was ringed by identical chairs, each an identical distance from each other, and each seating someone in an officer’s uniform who wore the same disquieting smile. Fett and Cyi were shown to the rear of the table, to two empty seats alongside each other, as Brosh crossed to the far end of the room and stood before a large monitor. It was embedded in the wall, centred perfectly. If Fett had time, she would take readings – though she could guess already, without any specifics, that the entire room had been constructed by the overly precise hands of droids, and that to some degree it was mathematically perfect. She shifted, awkwardly, consciously making an effort to lean on the table with both elbows. I will not be one of you. Cyi, she noted, was no more comfortable. “Thank you for joining us, Fett. We have a proposition for you, and I think we can find it equally lucrative.” Brosh turned to the screen and pressed a button, illuminating the glass panel into a series of bright lines and topographical charts. “This is the planet Helstroe, which has never known true government but has from time-to-time been occupied by various groups of varying authority.” “It’s also poison,” Fett cut in. This was one of the few opportunities, she realised, that her knowledge of the surrounding systems was going to be useful. She knew it only from one of her many day jobs, organising shipping routes for respectable merchants who didn’t want to lose that reputation. “It’s got no patrols, no pirates, nothing. It’s just dead. ” “Not always, though I should not have doubted your knowledge.” Crap, she thought, realising that she had accidentally set a precedent that might put her on the back-foot. “Helstroe was at one point occupied by Colrick Allied, a loose pirate conglomeration masquerading under a shell corporation. Using this front, they mined the planet for everything it was worth – and in the process, encouraged the environment to adapt. What that roughly meant, of course, was that low-grade sentient plants became more aggressive. It turns out that some of those were dangerous to almost absurd degrees, having already eliminated their predators. Whatever lay dormant was reawakened by the miners, and now Helstroe is – as you say – poison.” “So, is it collective consciousness? Some sort of rhizomatic linking?” Cyi seemed genuinely curious, but Fett’s mind was thinking more of the ways this could get her killed. “We cannot say, it remains largely unstudied. All we know is that our filters are not up to the task. We do, however, have records of how Colrick Allied left the planet in the first place.” Fett knew what was coming, and offered it to keep the illusion of her knowledge alive. “Mandalorian mercenaries.” It clicked a lot into place, and it also dated the incident several centuries back in time. Brosh, it seemed, truly didn’t care about name – only the armour. The irony of their shared interest amused her. They were both drawn to an old and worn set of memories – one for function, the other for myth. Fett sometimes wondered what would happen once she and Cyi had made enough money to leave Tatooine for good, but did not want to dwell on the subject. Admitting that she was stealing a dead man’s life was hard enough. “Precisely,” Brosh replied, changing the display to a somewhat familiar sight. What was shown was an approximation of Fett’s armour, likely drawn from a vaguer record of Mandalorian equipment. She ran through the basics of its individual improvements over trooper armour, including a few veiled jabs at a general who appeared too stingy to pay for upgrades, but focussed mostly on the mask. “You’re certain that my mask will protect against these parasites?” Fett was reluctant to take her word for it, given the suit’s age. “You said you don’t know much about the plants themselves, I can’t imagine parasitic spores are somehow the one thing you’ve studied in detail.” “You would assume as much, yes, but think on how we discovered the parasites ourselves.” Fett didn’t have to do much mental work to solve that one, and let out a low whistle as it dawned. “How badly did it go?” She asked, and Brosh seemed to wince. “It was a controlled risk,” She replied – her measure suddenly reminded Fett of the many suits in the room, though none were speaking. They were no doubt there as a show of force and their opinion was of little importance, but that did not mean the commander could admit failure in front of them either. “So, what’s so important about Helstroe that you’re willing to send men to their death?” Cyi’s question was honest, but Brosh mostly chuckled. “Much as I might want to, I find they’re often too messy to expend wastefully.” An uncomfortable murmur carried across the male officers. “Here, take a look for yourself.” Brosh changed the display once more, and into view came a topographical view of a mountain. Surrounding data indicated that it was forest-locked, but it nonetheless protruded in false 3D from the glass. “That dot…” Fett said to no one in particular, her hand pointing at the base of the mountain. “That’s a ship, isn’t it? Did you pick up a beacon?” “Yes and No. It’s transmitting a highly classified signal. I’m not entirely sure how our own vessels picked it up.” Brosh gestured to a broad line around it. “If a ship lands in this area without transmitting the correct access code, it will self-destruct.” “Must be valuable.” Fett settled back in the chair, and dared to ask. “It’s Imperial, isn’t it?” “Correct again. This was the lost private vessel of the Emperor, Palpatine. It took many years to determine what exactly it was carrying, but it became a priority when we discovered it was en route to one of the Emperor’s private storehouses.” She turned to the glass, identifying the dot once more. “If someone can make it past the perimeter, reach the ship without casualty, and disable the security, we might just find something of unquestionable value.” “That seems vague,” Fett murmured, and Brosh turned on an instant. “We have only fragments found on shipping manifests, but Supreme Leader Snoke sent us here immediately once those fragments were found. I cannot tell you what it is,” She conceded, a sour look on her face, “Only that we are the only vessel not currently docked at Starkiller Base. Whatever it might be, the Supreme Leader is desperate to claim it. That enough renders it beyond value.”