Finnegan (Finn) Skywalker-Antilles has never had a normal life. From his birth in the small town of Flint Michigan, to his adoption by anthropologist Lucas (Luke) Skywalker and journalist William (Wedge) Antilles. His childhood in the foothills of the Himalayas with his adopted sister Rey seemed even more atypical. Finn had never known normal untill now. Here in his small apartment surrounded by the lesson plans for his kindergarten class Finn was looking for normal. Where he was looking for normal was the online dating site call “meetyourmate dot com” it sounded normal and the main sight had pictures of happy (mostly white) people. But as he looked at his new messages he was sorely disappointed. “heyyyy” said 15inches!;)69 “sup hottie ;)” sent cumagain4u Once again Finn found himself sighing. His sister Rey was draped over his couch laughing her butt off. Finn never cared for relationships but with his aunt Leah's first inauguration coming up (ETA 3 months) and his sister dating a pilot Jessika Pava and even his cousin Ben/Kylo dating a young senator Brendol Hux. Finn was looking pretty single. For the first time in his 26 years of living his felt a bit lonely. “Come on just go with one of the hot interns” Rey complained. After they both graduated from Columbia they made a pact to hangout whenever they could and today Rey was attempting to be productive by finding Finn a date. No, I won’t be that one guy who brings someone forgettable to something UNforgettable Rey. Just sayinggggg No Rey. You could bring Poe. The conversation stopped. Finn had been pining for one of his student’s parent for months, what was worse was said parent was going to be the new chief of staff. Finn grumble quietly about how he was already going to be there. Rey’s eyebrow raised to her hairline. “You have to, it will be perfect and you know he is single” said Rey. while Rey said this Finn mind was going in overdrive. He had thought about asking Poe, they already knew each other and got along well but.. The child, poor Benito bolivar how awkward would it be if. Yeah for the child Poe was off limits. “No Rwy i'm his kid’s teacher?!” Rey let out a theatrical sigh and got up “Pava calling got to go but remember it won't hurt to ask.” She kept pestering as he led her out of his small brownstone he silently went back to building his lesson plan. Just as he went to bed he got a message form “itreallyisthatbig” saying that “with me morning sex is the norm :);0”. Finn shivered, that was not the normal he was looking for. Notes: what did you guys think? first ever fic, do lay on the hate i need to get better! not beta so tell me if i fucked up!!!!!