Alpha Female Starkiller Base was a loss. A massive loss. Billions upon billions of units wasted. Yes, the Republic was gone but at what cost? The Resistance had rallied against all odds and bombarded the oscillator with everything they had. And it worked. The sophistication and (almost) flawless design of the machine had been no match for the diligence and dedication of the Resistance pilots and a small team of rescuers who had braved the facility to drop the shields and save a friend. They had been successful. Yes, there had been huge casualties and grievous losses on both sides. Nonetheless, celebrations erupted across the galaxy. The mourning soon followed. But pieces needed to be picked up and lives needed to be resumed. The threat of each other had not yet been extinguished and one could not exist while the other survived. They both lay in wait, both sides plotting, replenishing and waiting for their nemesis to make a move but one was in significantly better condition than the other. It would take units, resources, commitment and loyalty on both sides before they faced each other on an undisclosed battlefield again. It was borderline career slaughtering for the General involved but he had clawed himself back from the brink in a way that a weaker individual would not be able to do. With his lean frame and …..luminous hair, he needed a thick skin. This thick skin (curtesy of the academy) was of no greater help to him then it was following the explosion. How they had escaped the planet, General Hux still didn’t know. He put it down to his own exceptional piloting skills while Ren groaned and whimpered in the background. As much disdain as he had for the dark Jedi, Hux had to admit he was impressed with his survival skills. Or it could have been that Ren was holding on out of pure spite, it was hard to tell. The medic deduced a blaster wound to the side, several lightsaber burns (nothing more than second degree but still) and marginal frostbite. It seemed that no matter how the medics tried, Ren was insistent that the laceration on his face was allowed to scar. His mask was gone; he needed something else. Something else to inspire fear. What better than proof of dedication to the Dark side than a lasting lightsaber gash covering one side of his face? “Suits you.” Hux had commented bleakly while the on board medic stitched him which earned him a vicious look from his colleague. Ren’s physical identity was no longer sacred nor would his General let him forget it. It had all started in the holochamber before Leader Snoke when the scavenger girl was brought on board; the absolute peak of Ren’s incompetence. The first time the two men had come bare face to face. With Kylo Ren retrieved and delivered (and Hux’s scolding endured), he had no doubt it wouldn’t be too long before he saw the Knight again. It was time to start afresh; where the First Order could quietly establish a new base to start rebuilding. This would take strategy, it would take thought and it would take careful and precise planning. No doubt the Resistance had already sought out Skywalker. It was only a matter of time before he returned with a new cluster of Jedi waiting in the wings and ready to swoop in on the vulnerability of their Imperial counterparts. The First Order had failed to crush them once; they couldn’t afford to do it again. The consequences would be dire. Hux had been blessed with a magnificent mind. Would he have made General before thirty four if he hadn’t? His mother had always gently told him (she was so softly spoken, one of the things he missed most about her) that he was the cleverest little boy she had ever met. He put that mind to use over several sleepless nights; pouring through his holopad, database after database, looking for some clue. He had time. A number of Stormtroopers had been evacuated and were waiting on Arkanis for instruction under his father’s watchful eye; he assumed Captain Phasma was among them. When he had a solution, the dispatches would be sent. For now, he combed through possible solutions on the tiny ship where Kylo Ren had staged most of his recovery. Early one morning (or late in the evening?), he found it. It was almost too perfect. He re-read it several times in case sleep deprivation was crippling his vision. It wasn’t. It was perfect. It was ingenious. Ilum. 7G of the Ilum System. Two moons. One sun. Sixty six standard hours in a day, they could break that up with their own routine. It was a small enough planet; not even six thousand kilometres in diameter. Manageable. The atmosphere was breathable but the cold would be a hindrance. Nothing they hadn’t faced before. There was no population, no government, no official language. The place was an icy wasteland for the taking. Hux sat up to ensure he was actually awake with what he read next. Crystal caves. He had to blink a few times and give his head a brief shake. J edi crystal caves. That would stop the Jedi in their tracks. If the First Order controlled the planet where they sourced the crystals vital for their primary weapon, they might hesitate to venture there. Not only that but depending on the scarcity of these caves on other planets, there would be reluctance to blow up the planet as had been the fate of Starkiller. He found his solution. Ilum. He’d send a com in the morning but now he could rest. He thought about it in blissful excitement as he drifted off. One sun. Two moons. Breathable. A place sacred to the Jedi. No sentient beings. Except for one. “Thank fuck.” Came the relieved breath as the young tauntaun was taken down. It was a miserable sight but necessary. Gods, it was necessary. As humanely as possible, it was dispatched. Nuna snapped its neck and that was that. Make shift snow boots of tauntaun skin crunched their way forward and the alpha’s face fell. It had looked like more until she got up close. It was immature, barely adolescent; probably strayed from a herd. It was mostly fluff. It would have to do. They’d been trying for days with nothing to show for it; but it was better than going hungry again. “Bring it back.” Nuna grabbed one end of the carcass and Rok seized the other. The couple always hunted as a pair; it was romantic(?) in a way. It would only take one of them to drag it but Nuna was stubborn and Rok didn’t like his mate exerting herself. The constant hissing as the tauntaun was hauled over the snow and icy patches was a welcome sound but deep down, Layna knew it wouldn’t be enough. A pack of thirteen Quohr (including a pregnant female) and herself was going to need more but it just meant trying again tomorrow. A weedy, barely few month old tauntaun wasn’t going to cut it. Food was getting scarcer, hunting was getting harder and while the alpha knew it wasn’t her fault, she felt responsible for the wellbeing of her pack. Kari especially. The Quohr were magnificent beasts. Standing six foot to their broad shoulder, their large muscular frame was covered from head to toe in varying shades of thick, shaggy fur from snow white to grey, regardless of age. The hide underneath was damn near impenetrable making them very difficult to kill. If a bear and a wolf were to have offspring, it would be a Quohr. To someone outside their pack; they were notoriously dangerous. Inside the pack; they were family. Pack hunters by nature, they mated for life (after a strange courtship process) and the death of a Quohr usually resulted in death for the mate shortly after. They were not native to Ilum. Neither was Layna. They were they only pack on this Godsforsaken rock of a planet; vying for survival on meagre tauntauns against Asharl panthers and Gorgodons. It was a brutal existence but there was little choice. The only other option was to curl up and die and that would mean abandoning the pack which was unthinkable. They arrived back at the cave camp quicker than she thought; then again maybe she was just so caught up with her own musings that she just didn’t feel the time going by. Layna cut a significant portion first and then a little extra sliver which she tucked into her coat. Her hood was kept up and her mask drawn over her mouth and nose (it was essential for preventing frostbite) so only her eyes were visible. Then she made the short trek to see Kari. Kari was the eldest female. Big and broad like the others, she was grey but her age was nothing to do with her colouring. She had been grey as slate since she was three months old. But this one was different to the others; she was carrying a new member of the pack. Naturally, she had been Layna’s priority (and her own mate’s) since she started to show signs and every effort for extra food and comfort had been made but under the circumstances, those efforts couldn’t really amount to much. With her strength; Kari was fearless, she was strong and she was unstoppable. But like any pregnant female, that was set on the back burner. “Hey, baby girl.” Layna greeted the large Quohr gently as she approached but the worry was obvious in both her voice and her eyes. The Quohr could smell it. Kari didn’t lift her head but her sweet brown eyes heightened to the alpha. It was all she could manage. Weak and bordering on starving; she broke Layna’s heart. “Not a great haul today.” She broke the bad news and felt her heart sink a little more when she heard the animal sigh. The human sat on the floor, resting against Kari’s shoulder for warmth and companionship. The more sizeable portion was laid down for Kari who had it gone in two mouthfuls. Not enough. The other sliver was removed from her coat and handed over; it amounted to another mouthful. Layna would go without. The pack leader cried again, nuzzled against Kari’s shoulder. Not only was she hungry (and Gods she was hungry), that undeniable pricking of failure and defeat was relentless. Her pack was dying in front of her. She was weakening herself by the day. They would be no better off with or without her but she was doing her best. Food was getting rarer; the tauntaun weren’t breeding like they should be or maybe they were being overhunted. There was little prey here; mainly predators. Kari’s head inclined subtly (as much as she could) nuzzled Layna in return; a small action of consolation. She had to dry her tears. They could freeze on her face which would result in her having to literally pick them off her skin; she’d bled from it before. Or they would soak into her mask, making it difficult to wear as the moisture froze against her skin; reversing the effect it was supposed to have. Kari gave a small grumble which to anyone else might have sounded like a threat. “I know.” Layna replied quietly with a broken sniffle, lifting a gloved hand to wipe her eyes. “We’re trying. But it’s not enough. We have to keep looking.” Ordinarily when food was short, they would move around and try to exploit other food resources on other pockets on the planet. With Kari’s condition, it wasn’t fair to move her. Even if she was in her full strength and the rest of the pack were too, Layna doubted the food supplies would be better on any other part of the planet. A chorus of brutal growls coming from outside the cave ripped her attention from her own sorrow. On her feet in an instant (despite the faintness that starvation brought with it), Layna found herself at the mouth of the cave. The usual suspect was causing trouble. “OI!!” The alpha roared, adding a gruffness to her voice to exert her dominance over the larger male. Her stride picked up and within seconds she was face to face with the greyish white beast that could have killed her without too much struggle. “ WE’RE ALL HUNGRY!!” She shouted at him, grabbing his snout and pulling it down to force his eyes on her’s. “WE ALL NEED MORE BUT IT’S JUST NOT THERE!! WE HAVE TO KEEP TRYING SO GROW UP, TAL!! YOU’RE NOT THE ONLY ONE!!!” She released his nose with force and ignored the quiet grumble that followed the scolding. Layna turned to check on the one he’d picked on. “You alright?” Myr’s ear was nicked but otherwise she appeared to be fine. A familiar, heavy weight collided with Layna’s back that nearly sent her tumbling into the snow. “And where the fuck have you been?!” She glowered at the snow white Quohr that looked too happy to see her and she knew she couldn’t be cross with him for long. He wasn’t the biggest by any means but he more than made up for it in personality. “Bawawaawaaw.” The white animal told her (not unlike a Husky), it must have made sense because her frown was curious. “Where?” Tyg looked in the direction he’d come from, then she noticed the blood on his otherwise pristine chest; it wasn’t his, she would have smelled it. “No wonder you’re so chirpy, you’ve just fucking eaten!” Her mind immediately went to Kari. “How far? Your mom needs it but she can’t move.” His rumble told her about an hour. “We’ll bring back as much as we can.” “I don’t see what the big deal is.” The conversation had focused on one topic since they left and they were almost there. Keema. “Muuwaaaaw!” Tyg complained to the female on his back. “I know Tal’s an asshole but that shouldn’t stop you.” Was her reasoning, blinking to keep the snowflakes off her eyelashes. “She’s only his sister; she can go with whoever she wants. And why wouldn’t she go with you? Look at you, you handsome bastard!” That seemed to be the resolve Tyg needed. He stopped only a few minutes later and if it hadn’t been for the crimson clashing with the white where Tyg had eaten his fill; she would have said he brought her to the wrong place. However, when she dismounted and took a closer look, it wasn’t quite what she’d expected. The brilliant white of the helmets and the armour blended them in almost seamlessly to the arctic landscape around them. They were what she barely remembered were called Stormtroopers. Humans. She wouldn’t be eating for a while. “You didn’t kill these, did you?” She turned to ask Tyg who told her he hadn’t. Simply removing the helmets was enough evidence to suggest they’d been frozen to death. “We need to get as much of this armour off as we can, the lighter they are the more we can bring back….” Tyg wasn’t listening; he was fixated on something else. “Tyg?! Hello?!” Still nothing. Then she heard it. Something she hadn’t heard in twenty years. Engines. A ship. Her instinct was to hide but there was nowhere to go in this ice desert. Instead, the pair just stared. It was a small shuttle, maybe big enough for ten people but it brought with it a sense of foreboding. Something wasn’t right. This was bad; very, very bad. The snow beast started to get angsty, shuffling from foot to foot and giving warning growls to the thing in the sky that just got closer and closer. Tyg didn’t know what a ship was. He wasn’t born until after theirs crashed. It touched down a few hundred meters away. When the ramp dropped and more Troopers, maybe about eight started to descend; Layna found herself. “Run.” She breathed to her companion but it seemed her mounting caught the attention of a chrome trooper. There was no hesitation in this warrior in raising her weapon and the blast caught Layna clean into the chest. The female hit the ground noiselessly as the stun blast worked its way through her system. They would have been caught eventually. There was nowhere to hide in the expanse of tundra nothingness. Tyg rounded on the approaching shooter; teeth bared, claws out and hackles raised and snarling in a truly monstrous fashion. He was distracted by the fire of the other Troopers though the blasts seemed to only infuriate him further rather than hurt him. He was drawn away from his pack leader to lunge at the ones shooting while Layna was swept up by the chrome Trooper; no doubt it'd be useful. By the time Phasma (who had hauled herself out of a trash compactor to visit the frozen hellhole) gave the signal to withdraw, another three Troopers joined the dead ones in the snow. Tyg thundered after them but they were sealed away. The animal thrashed violently against the ship before its take off, howling and bawling viciously as he tore at the metal. The engines roared into life and Tyg was thrown backwards into the white powder where he could only watch helplessly as the ship started back towards the sky; taking Layna with it. Chapter 2 : Twenty Years Summary: General Hux comes face to face (sort of) with the one who can solve all his problems. Notes: There is an index of pack members at the end! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) A hand encased in a black leather glove roved over the gouges in the metal and took in the scratches in the paint. Icy blue eyes narrowed at the damage, both confused and a little unnerved. What the hell was capable of that? He stepped back and observed the destruction that was consistent all the way along the shuttle, he couldn’t figure it out. Whatever it was, it was big. What few Stormtroopers did survive the scouting missions reported very little life outside. The odd Asharl panther and tauntaun from a distance but other than that…. And this was no panther, tauntaun or a Gorgodon for that matter. “And we still don’t know what it was?” He addressed the chrome Stormtrooper who watched her superior assess the damage to the ship. “No, sir. We’ve been unable to identify it. I have left a description and the databases are still being searched.” He turned back to the small ship and touched the metal again almost fretfully. “How many dead?” “It killed three, sir. None frozen.” Finalizer had been a dark place in the past few weeks. Everything had been coming apart at the seams. The terrain was treacherous, too many Stormtroopers were dying on recon missions and they still hadn’t been able to find the crystal caves. It would have killed him to abandon the planet when so many units had been dedicated to the new base on Ilum; it would have been an embarrassment. The thought of returning to Snoke and informing his master that the planet he had pushed for was no longer viable was unbearable. Or at least; that had been his attitude up until the last recon mission. When Captain Phasma disembarked carrying a smelly bundle of fur and rags, the General hadn’t been sure what to think. The planet was supposed to be unpopulated. Its face was covered and the mask was tight, he was advised by medic that it was best to leave it be. Whatever it was, human or not, it was useful. The cameras in Layna’s cell were trained on her as she slowly recovered from the stun blast to the chest. Unknown to her, she had been scanned by a carefully guarded medic to get a better insight into her (or it , as she was still being referred to outside the cell) and a translator droid was on standby. “The scan results are in, General.” One of the control staff informed him, causing him to glance to Phasma then follow after the officer. “What is it?” He asked briskly, arriving in the control room and looking to a monitor where the bundle was slowly coming out of its stupor. “She’s a human female, sir.” The General looked scrutinized the moving bundle with a frown creasing his brow. How?! “About twenty eight years of age” His analyst continued, browsing through the stats the scans had delivered. “Healthy if quite thin….” “You told me this planet was uninhabited.” “It is, sir.” The analyst replied, turning to look at his superior. “She seems to be an exception. Her scans are showing up all sorts of things. Extra layer of fat for heat, a curvature in her spine to sleep curled up…. She’s adapted sir.” Adapted. The word rang in his head as his boots pounded the floor that lead to the holding cells. Maybe she was the key. If she was adapted, if she knew the terrain; she could solve all his problems. If she cooperated, she could be invaluable. He found the cell and when he entered, the smell hit him immediately. Blood, raw meat, general unkemptness. His attention was grabbed by a groan from the pile of white, greying rags on the unsteady, wire bed. Despite the smell, his feet carried him forwards. He could see no hair, no skin; it was nearly impossible to tell she was human, let alone female. “Where am I?” Her accent was undecipherable and rough. It was choked out of confusion and weakness of the blast still dwindling in her system. So she spoke Galactic Basic? Even better. “You’re aboard a vessel called Finalizer.” He had always been remarkably proud of the ship (not quite Starkiller proud but it would always be his first command as General) but it had become a prison. “ Finalizer…” He dared a few steps closer and the smell only intensified. “I’ve been told you’re adapted to this terrain, is that correct?” Maybe it was too deep a question for someone who was barely conscious. There was little of her to see but when he peered sideways towards the top of the bed, a pair of soft grey eyes looked back at him; the skin around them was paler than his. The mask (like the rest of her attire) was barely white, bordering on grey and covered her nose and mouth; almost the entirety of her face. Adapted? Why did he need to know that? Whoever the fuck he was. "Depends on who’s asking.” Layna’s recovery was slow but with each passing minute, she felt stronger. And more like her brazen self. “The First Order wants to know.” He replied fervently, rather taken aback by her response and her tone. She was hardly in a position to be abrasive. He had straightened up again; he was taller, taller than her and impossibly staunch and rigid. He had a head of fiery red hair, the like of which she’d never seen, held back neatly in place. It couldn’t possibly have been real. He was pale but not even like her. He just looked…. Unhealthy, exhausted. He was head to toe in black; how did that possibly help his camouflage?! First Order…. It sounded vaguely familiar. Maybe many moons ago, she had heard of it but as a child, it would have been something that she would have been immune to caring about. “I asked you a question.” He reminded her, doing all in his power not to grit his teeth. “Do you know this terrain?” Did he deserve this information? With the more aware Layna became, the more she realized she needed to get out of here. Out of this cell and off this ship. Finally, she conceded. “ Yes, I do . Look, buddy….. I have a pack I need to get back to. I really don’t have time for this .” It seemed the weight of the situation had no bearing on her which annoyed him even more. “A pack?!” He repeated, almost spat it. “A pack of what?! There are more of you?!” He stepped back a few paces when the bundle started to move with more strength and hauled itself up into (what he assumed was) a sitting position. “Quohr.” She answered with something of disdain though the word meant nothing to him. “There’s fourteen in the pack, me included.” “And what attacked my shuttle?!” “That would be Tyg.” “What’s a Tyg?!” “Tyg is his name. He’s a Quohr.” “It killed three of my Stormtroopers!” “Maybe they shouldn’t have shot at him then, should they?” So not only was she adapted, she had beasts at her disposal. Very valuable indeed. “What were you doing by the shuttle?” “The shuttle arrived after we did. We were looking for food.” The pieces started to click together in Hux’s head; his mother had been right when she called him clever. “I can’t imagine there’s too much food in an environment such as this one?” If he had been able to see her face, he would have seen the dejection and defeat in the features that stayed firmly hidden behind the piece of dirty cloth. “There’s not….” “And you’re feeding fourteen?” “ Fifteen soon .” Yes, it was all falling into place. “One of the females is pregnant which is why I need to get back.” Hux was not an empathetic or a kind man. Quite the opposite. But he knew what he wanted and how to get it. Her demeanour had changed when the topic turned to food. There it was. His avenue, his leverage. “When was the last time you ate?” “We were trying to bring back Stormtrooper remains to the pack. I didn’t know what they were until we got there.” She picked slowly at the meal another white armoured soldier had brought at the redhead’s command. She wasn’t used to hot food. Or cooked food for that matter. Hunger often didn’t allow for such a process. Tauntaun was tauntaun, whether it was cooked or not. He was more fascinated than he dared let on. She ate with her mask lowered though she had turned to face the wall to do so. He’d tried to catch a glimpse but she’d clearly foreseen it and did what she could to avoid it. “Do you have a name?” She waited until she had chewed the morsel in her mouth. Normally, she would have answered regardless but she was weighing up her options. Did he need to know her real name? Then again, what did she have to lose by him knowing it? “Layna.” It seemed like a relatively normal name. “My analyst tells me you’re twenty eight.” She stopped chewing the next piece in her mouth. “Am I? You mean to tell me I’ve been on this Godsforsaken rock for twenty years?” The General’s face melted into a perplexed frown. Twenty years…. “What do you mean Am I?! Surely you know your age?!” “ I’ve been here so long with no way of telling the time, how can you expect me to know my age? ” That was fair. It worried her somewhat though. It meant her pack was older than expected. It meant Kari was twenty and would soon be enduring labour. It could kill her. And if she died, Sentai would die too. “You’re obviously not native to here.” “What gave it away?” His lips pursed but he refused to stoop to that level. “Where are you from?” “I was born on Entooine. My pack is also from Entooine.” Another polar planet. She was born in the cold, no wonder she had no trouble with the terrain and the climate. “And how did you end up here?” Layna’s tray was set aside and again he tried to catch a look at her face but she had already reapplied her mask. “ Ship crashed. We were delivering Quohr pups to a zoological society for a breeding program, I don’t remember where. Eight unrelated pups; four male, four female. We crashed about thirty miles from where we camp now. My parents were killed, they were zoologists; in charge of the shipment.” Again, Hux wasn’t personally interested in her history. But the more he knew, the more he had in a bid to control her. So far, he was off to a good start. She was open, maybe more trusting than she should have been. " When they died, I stayed in the ship and lived off the food we’d brought with us. When the pups got too big and the food ran out, we had to move.” Even he could admit that was probably a daunting undertaking for a child. Especially if his analyst was right and she had just been eight years old. Then again, being born on Entooine probably had its advantages in that circumstance. “So, if I understand you correctly….” He began, still standing as he had done when he first entered the cell; even through her meal. “From the terrain, it doesn’t take a genius to figure out that food is short. Your pack is dwindling….” There was that stab of shame again. Some pack leader you are. “ Food is your main concern, correct? Maintaining your pack is your priority?” “In a nutshell, yes.” Strike while the iron is hot, he told himself. She’s valuable; she’ll deliver what you want, what you need. “Well then, I have a proposition for you.” Layna’s head angled towards him and those grey eyes probed him once more. He couldn’t decide if it unsettled him or not. “We, the First Order, will trade you and your pack food in exchange for scouting duties of the terrain. We want to establish a permanent base here. Preferably near to the crystal caves. Too many Stormtroopers have perished but I believe since you’ve survived here so long, it should be no issue for you.” He wasn’t wrong. She knew the planet, she knew it well. And while this didn’t sit incredibly well with her (Stormtroopers = Bad. Leader of Stormtroopers = Worse), he was offering her a lifeline. Not just for her but her whole pack. Kari’s pup and the ones that could come after it might actually have a chance at a long, happy life. And it all depended on this. “Deal.” It was almost instantaneous. “ If you can guarantee us raw meat, I’ll go wherever you want me to go, find out whatever it is you want me to find out but…. The meat is essential.” “You have my word.” Hux had to try not to seem overly pleased but this was a victory. “I will arrange a shuttle but I would like to see your pack.” No buddy. You really don’t. Notes: Layna. Pack alpha. Human female. Orphaned. Kari – Original pack female. Mated to Sentai. Mother to Tyg. (Currently pregnant). Sentai – Original pack male. Mated to Kari. Father to Tyg. (Layna’s right hand man. Alpha in her absence. ) Tyg – Second generation male. Son of Kari and Sentai. (Enthusiastic. Dedicated to helping pack. Nasty when called for. Crushing on Keema. Layna’s BB8). Tal – Second generation male. Orphaned. Brother to Keema. (Asshole). Keema – Second generation female. Orphaned. Sister to Tal. (More agreeable than Tal. Knows he’s an asshole). Sal – Original pack male. Mated to Elva. Father to Kas and Ven. Elva – Original pack female. Mated to Sal. Mother to Kas and Ven. Ven – Second generation male. Son of Sal and Elva. Brother to Kas. Kas – Second generation male. Son of Sal and Elva. Brother to Ven. Rok – Original pack male. Mated to Nuna. Father to Dani and Myr. Nuna – Original pack female. Mated to Rok. Mother to Dani and Myr. Myr – Second generation female. Daughter to Nuna and Rok. Sister to Dani. Dani – Second generation female. Daughter to Nuna and Rok. Sister to Myr. Chapter 3 : Leaders of the Packs. Summary: Layna brings General Hux to meet part of the pack. Warmth was scarce, artificial or otherwise. Heat pumped into the cell to render the alpha into a glorious sleep, curled up on the rickety, wire bed as she had been monitored to do out of habit rather than the procurement of heat. The small, captured female slept better than she had in any cave. She was afraid thoughts of her pack would keep her awake but it seemed not to be the case. Exhaustion and a rare full stomach took over. While she hadn’t been afforded many comforts (she was technically still considered to be a prisoner), it was still far more than she was used to. In her waking moments, her mind drifted to them and how this deal would help them. Kari especially and her pup. And the pups that would come after; the third generation and forth and so on. She wondered if she’d started to whelp yet, if Tyg had brought them to collect food so she might survive the birth. If she didn’t; Sentai would die, her pup might die and Tyg would surely never be the same again. Layna was detained for another day cycle. During that time, Stormtroopers were rallied and shuttles were prepared (the one Tyg damaged was in repairs). More scouting briefs were laid out but this time, they would be facing something far more deadly than the cold. Phasma’s description of the beast that attacked the shuttle was matched; Hux stared at the image on the database with chilled blood. Her pack consisted of these?! Layna was fed regularly and the General visited her again. “ I’m not showering.” She answered with an almost full mouth of Barve meat and closely followed by Byss cheese, again facing the wall with her mask lowered; her diet (while in First Order custody) was mostly protein and fats. It seemed the General had actually been paying attention to his analyst when he said their guest was thinner than she should be. “You are not getting on the same shuttle as me smelling the way you do.” Layna was tempted to turn around but her mystery would be broken if she did. “My scent will be disrupted!” “That’s the point.” Hux told her callously with an impatient roll of his eyes though curiosity still ate at him. “You don’t hunt, do you?” “No and soon you won’t either.” She couldn’t argue with that. That was the whole point of the deal; that she and her pack would scout and patrol in exchange for food. It wasn’t a bad trade. They’d be doing what they did on a daily basis anyway but instead of food they would be looking for suitable terrain for building. And crystal caves. Whatever those were. Layna chewed her food with irritation, really not wanting to concede. But she needed to get back; Kari was her main concern. If that meant showering to get on the transport, she’d have to do it. “ What about my clothes?” She asked grudgingly with a taint of disdain and it looked like he was about to get his way. You mean the rags and the random pelts of fur? “Those will be cleaned to the best of our ability until new ones can be manufactured for you.” She noticed the General was pristine; everything about him was perfect. His hair, his skin, his nails, his uniform; everything. It was as if he expected her to be the same but was willing to accommodate it. Washing her clothes? Providing her with shower gels and shampoos and….. Was that a lady razor? Asshole. As if just one would even put a dent in her collection! Her legs alone could arouse a Wookie. Hell, she’d take a stab at it. She’d never done it before. This was all about new experiences, new beginnings. And if she was willing to help the First Order but not shave her legs, she needed to re-examine her priorities. Looking down, the water was brown and was closely followed by off-colour suds. A mixture of blood (both her own and others), dirt and dead skin coloured and textured it as it ran down the drain. It was also nice to feel something other than cloth on her bare face; that too would need scrubbing. Again, the dead, flaky skin under the mask had amounted to plenty. Her hair was heavy with trapped water; needless to say a haircut was uncommon. Loose hairs fell out as she massaged her scalp and the knots were assessed with her fingertips. It would take savage combing to get them out. Several cuts later, Layna emerged from the hot water with naked legs and armpits and instantly regretted it. Shit, it’s cold! Her hair alone would take significant drying, the sheer volume of it held the water would not be removed it a towel. Every part of her was stubborn, even her hair. The black robe was seized and she was delighted to learn that the hood would more or less cover her face and keep the mass of hair behind her shoulders and out of sight. Far from perfect but much better than what she had been, Layna (back in her clean snow suit and mask) met the General under the escort of two more Stormtroopers. “You sure you want to do this?” She asked him bluntly, taking in his attire with an arched eyebrow. All black; it was more or less an extension of his uniform with a black, furry hat. She didn’t comment. You’d be prey so fucking fast…. Camouflage was everything out there. “I want assurance.” Hux answered though he was somewhat uneasy after seeing the images on the database. Even if he hadn’t, the damage Tyg had done to the ship was probably enough to rattle him but he held his nerve. “You mean you want to know what you’re feeding? What’s going to be doing the legwork?” He didn’t answer, just turned with a swing of his cloak and boarded the shuttle. What’s with the dramatics? She couldn’t remember the last time she’d been (awake) on a ship so her gut did twist a little. Maybe she shouldn’t have eaten so much…. “ How long?” The masked female inquired, hoping the barrier would smother the queasiness that wasn’t helped by the stink of ship fuel. “An hour. Possibly more.” The General informed her, eyeing her from the side. Curiosity still burned at him. He wasn’t used to not getting what he wanted and he wanted to see her. In time, he told himself. She’ll slip up sooner or later. If he was truly a vindictive man, he would have withheld the delivery of food until his curiosity was satisfied. When they landed and Layna looked out the window, her heart lurched. This was bad. The hulking shadows in the snow prowled purposefully around the shuttle, hackles raised, teeth bared and claws out. “Fuck!” The alpha cursed out loud, this was going to take mediating. A LOT of mediating. “What is it now?” Hux breathed with impatience, on his feet and ready to disembark. “Sit down and let me deal with this. Drop the ramp and everyone stay where you are.” Apparently, that hurt his ego. “Who gave you charge of command?!” The ginger General demanded, still standing and squaring her off. While that might have intimidated anyone else (he was a rather tall individual), not the borderline feral female. She simply stared him down with an arched eyebrow and her arms crossed over her chest. “You’re going to need me to go down there before you let anyone follow me.” Needless to say, he didn’t appreciate being told what to do; he’d worked too long and too hard and clawed his way back from the brink for that. “I am the commanding office-!“ “Do you think they give a shit who you are?!” Layna countered fiercely, pointing to the window where she could see her pack starting to lurk around the shuttle. “You know what you are to them?! You’re a fucking meal! And not even a good one! You want me to scout?! I can’t do it without them so let me deal with this!” The ramp was dropped while Hux grudgingly watched her take the upper hand. Immediately, she felt it. The aggression, the scorn, the thirst for vengeance. “Sentai?” An earth shattering roar greeted the name of the alpha in her absence; Tyg’s father and Kari’s mate. Hux flinched and paled a shade. Did she really have control over these creatures?! “Yeah… I’m fine.” A rumbling growl followed and Hux’s features fell into confusion as well as discomfort. She was communicating with it. Layna cast the General a look of warning; a look that told him to wait. She then descended down the ramp. The crippling whip of the blizzard in full swing would have cut her face without the mask. Thankfully, she was protected. To her surprise, half the pack was waiting for her; the male half…. And Keema. The largest of them, the huge grey male ambled forth out of concern to inspect, to ensure that she was indeed fine. “I told you, I’m good. They didn’t hurt me. The opposite actually.” Sentai communicated with a serious of grunts and snarls with his breath fogging with each one, none of these were threatening or cruel in nature. “I have really good news.” She told her second, reaching out to give his snout a rough, grateful pat. “This dry spell is gonna be over soon. There’s just some details we need to finalize first.” Another snort. “I know you don’t trust it. I don’t blame you. But trust me. Mark the fool in black.” “Listen to me if you want to live.” Were her first words when she re-entered the shuttle and they probably weren’t most welcome. Needless to say, the General was still unimpressed that his command had been assaulted. “Half the pack is out there. The male half and one female. The most dangerous fuckers I have so no sudden movements. No eye contact. Raise a blaster and the one closest to you will mangle you before you can pull the trigger. And even if you do, the damage will be minimal if there’s any at all. That goes for you especially.” The last part was directed pointedly at the General who just became more and more indignant with every word the masked female spoke. “ The biggest one; the grey one: He’s going to be marking you, don’t do anything stupid . He’s very, very nasty.” “Marking me?!” Hux was well aware of the term but outraged that something bigger than him would be watching his every move and he couldn’t even defend himself?! “Marking me for what?!” “You’re the intruding pack leader.” She replied casually as if Hux would understand the implication of it. But was how her pack would see this: an invasion from another group. “They’re expecting you to be hostile so it’s better to show them you’re not. Let’s be clever about this, hmm?” It was an eerie scene. Nothing but an expanse of bluish white snow for miles around. The only landmark was the odd scattering of empty Stormtrooper armour. Cold unlike he’d ever felt swept across his hollow cheeks and immediately, his gloved hands flew to his face. Her insistence on a mask was explained. “I warned you.” Layna murmured as she stalked past the General to her pack. If his blood hadn’t already chilled from the sub-zero temperatures, it certainly would have when he looked up. Monsters. That was the only way to describe them. Huge, hulking, muscular, monsters. Several of them. All male bar one but it was impossible to spot the female; to pick her out from the males. His own towering height would barely grace their shoulders and for him to stretch out his arms would just about cover their width. And they were all watching him. A crunching noise grabbed his already apprehensive attention to find one of the beasts; a large, greyish white one, chomping ominously on a Stormtrooper spine. As if that wasn’t menacing enough, the creature was looking directly at him as it did so. Layna couldn’t understand why Tal was here but it seemed he was enjoying himself distressing the invading pack. Sentai marked the General as requested and found Layna’s equal to be less than he expected. He made it known with a snarl. “No, he doesn’t but he’s throwing us a lifeline.” Hux got the impression he was being spoken about and it was reinforced when the female alpha moved between him and the giant monstrosity marking him. Its eyes hadn’t moved from him and the temptation to stare it down was almost too much. “D…. Doesn’t what?!” Hux tried not to stutter but the cold was exceptional; he hoped he was wrong but it felt like his lips were turning blue. “Look like an alpha.” Layna seemed to be unfazed by the cold. “Or smell like one. Which you don’t. You’re too clean. THAT’S why I didn’t want to shower.” So now this brute was undermining him as well?! And it couldn’t even speak?! “Now see here-!” Bad idea. In one swift movement and a snap of brutal jaws; the sizeable grey creature was nose to nose with him, teeth bared and vile breath warming him: It was both a blessing and a curse. Hux stared back, numb and not just from the cold. In all the battles he’d endured; he never thought he’d die at the mouth of a wild animal. However, his alpha stepped in at the last second. “Easy!” Layna pushed herself in between Hux and Sentai, eager for negotiations not to break down. “Let’s just calm down, alright? Sentai? Back up.” Grudgingly, the Quohr backed up but continued to watch the General, determined to daunt him. “The General has a very generous offer for us. Let’s not be ungrateful, guys.” With Sentai backed up and the situation defused somewhat, Layna felt that pressure against her back again. Warily, Hux watched the snow white beast rubbing its face off her back, a very affectionate action that even the ginger could see. “Hi buddy….” Her hand reached back and gave its chest a light stroke before looking to the General. “ This is the one that wrecked your shuttle.” “Where is the rest of the pack?” The General asked, the cold quickly getting to him. He assumed the Stormtrooper armour was warmer than his own attire; if it wasn’t, he’d condemned his soldiers without even realizing it. Or maybe he needed to experience it before he could appreciate it properly. “ About an hour that way.” Layna replied with a nod in said direction. “It’s too far. Let’s do this now.” Sentai, Tyg, Tal, Keema, Sal, Ven, Kas and Rok watched; all eight were well aware of how intimidating they were and while they were outnumbered, they were by no means ‘outgunned’. “We’ve been made an offer.” Layna spoke only to her pack, ignoring the General and his guards. “A great offer. Food in exchange for scouting the terrain, maybe a few days at a time. I’ve accepted for us because I believe it’s what’s best for us. It’s a small price to pay; we’d be scouting looking for food anyway.” Layna paused. No protests. “If we want to survive, this is imperative. We want to continue growing as a pack, we need this. Kari’s pup is due in the next few weeks; Tyg, Keema, Tal, Ven, Kas, your pups are next if that’s what you want. But we can’t do it without this. Is everyone with me?” A chorus of growls, grumbles and hisses were taken as agreement so Layna turned to the General. “We’re in.” Chapter 4 : Knight of Ren Summary: Layna meets the infamous Kylo Ren. Notes: So this is a dormant fic and I wanted to see what would happen if I added another chapter so let's see how it goes!! I know it's not very polished but we'll give it a go. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The General was true to his word. Only a few day cycles after Layna and the pack consented their services; a freighter touched down with several tonnes of meat to last the group for a few days until the next lot arrived. The freighters continued to arrive for weeks and months, bearing their load much to the delight of several hungry Quohr; including the newborn female, Kitani. In agreed exchange; Layna’s pack had scoured the planet, extending their search every day until finally, suitable landscape was found and groundwork began on a new base. Also, in an unanticipated move, Layna was made an officer – A tracking officer, the only tracking officer. As promised, she was provided with a new snow suit (far warmer than her old one, not that she would ever admit it), private quarters (though she rarely used them) and a token income to feed herself from the officer’s canteen. She maintained the mystery surrounding her by never removing her mask. It was a privacy issue that the General barely managed to respect and created an air of wariness among her ‘fellow’ officers. She didn’t dress like them, she didn’t act like them and she certainly wasn’t trained like them but it suited her to be treated like an outcast; she wasn’t one of them, why try to be? Her attempts to keep herself set aside were adhered to by the officers and she seemed to be invisible to the Stormtroopers but that didn’t stop Hux. He appeared to be determined to see under the mask but so far, she had managed to foil any attempts he made. However, his toils became less and less frequent while he became more frenzied by something else. Mercifully, Layna had good news. “I have a present for you.” The redhead’s distraction of late did not go unnoticed; yet Layna was about to relieve him. Trotting along behind him and incapable of keeping step with the rigid stride of the General, he appeared not to hear her. “Hey! You listening to me?” As if a minute, annoying insect were buzzing about his ear; Hux twitched to relieve himself of it but only found the little tracking officer instead. “When did you get here?! I’m trying to think!” Layna received the swipe of irritation but replied with nothing more than a small, careless tut. He kept walking and while she did her best to keep up, he seemed determined to be alone. Perhaps his tone would change when he heard her present. “Don’t you have crystal caves to find?!” “That’s what I’m trying to tell you!” Layna’s frustration and glee sparked at once, prompting her to break into run to not only catch up with the General but to cut off his path. “We found them! We found the caves!” Had he not heard her properly? Had her heard her at all? Why wasn’t he reacting? Why had he paled to such an alarming shade of white she’d only seen in the purest snow? “You found them?” The repeat was almost dead but the intensity of the disbelieving stare was very much alive. He took another moment to regain his borderline arrogant demeanour but never broke his eyes from the ivory-clad female. “Where?! Where did you find them?!” “About fifty miles north of here. We’ve been exploring a new network since construction on the base began and we found it tucked away in there. It’s breath-taking, you should-“ “Come with me.” “Where’re we-?” “Will you stop asking questions?! There’s someone you need to meet.” The debriefing room on the new base surpassed that of Starkiller and Finalizer combined. The computers and machines had not yet felt the wrath of a lightsaber and the General would rather keep them unscathed. After all, the expense was not only astronomical but they had been bought with a hesitant second chance and the promise not to fail again. Did the Knight care for such trivial things? He didn’t on Starkiller or Finalizer, why would he begin now? Like an animal tuned to its senses, Kylo Ren was in a similar trance to the one Layna had found the General in. Standing at well over six feet, broad and dark as an Umbara night; he was truly a sight to behold. Supported by the ebony tresses, almost anaemic disposition and sullen broodiness, one would think twice before approaching him for directions. His features looked like they may have been soft and caring once but since had been ironed with a long, ominous scar; a brand of the Dark Side. Eyes of chocolate had probably been carefree and childlike before but now…. They held ferocity, intensity and unmistakable pain. The trauma was fresh and word had most likely spread of what he had done but only he knew what it had done to him. Naturally, he chose to suffer in silence and attempt to smother it in a bid to serve the Dark Side as his grandfather had done. With the Knight now fully healed, trained and even more bitter than before, Hux found himself in more or less the same position as before Starkiller was destroyed: Ren seeking something but charging it to him. However, Hux had someone doing the probing for him but until she found what they sought, he was prey to Ren’s scrutiny. He had waited for months with the grating gaze of the drop-out Jedi dogging his every move while his base grew up around him. Thankfully, he now had a fruitful report for Ren who prowled the new technological centre expectantly. “Will you just stop and tell me what’s going on?!” The voice of a female rang in the corridor and captured the Knight’s attention but he didn’t adhere to it, not yet. Curious but restrained, he faced the Stormtrooper guarded doorway and waited; she was answered by the General. “Let me be clear about something!” The hiss was faint but Ren heard it regardless, despite the continuing clip of accompanying footsteps. “You are to be quiet and speak only when spoken to! He is dangerous, he is unpredictable and I cannot protect you from him!” “I’ve never asked you for protection and I’m not about to start! And I’m not afraid of your buddy either!” “You are absolutely insufferable! I am merely-!” The pair were met with already piqued attention from the mass of black robes which caused the two to stop dead in their tracks and Hux in his indignant splutters. For a few dragging seconds, nothing was said but plenty exchanged in analysing eyeing; mostly the Knight on the tracker and vice versa. “Ren.” Strained was possibly the best way for Layna to describe Hux’s grit when he finally broke the silence; the dislike was obvious. “This is Layna. She’s the tracking officer I told you about. The alpha of the-“ “The Quohr. Yes, I noticed the drabs of a pack on my way here.” Ren finished with a vague fascination fixated on the masked female before. Naturally, she returned the interest; he knew his beasts. “I was just telling the General….” Layna chimed sweetly, completely disregarding the instructions given to her en route. Muffled and all as she may have been, the scarred male understood her perfectly; after all, he too had relied on a mask for years. Captured in a way he didn’t quite understand, Kylo Ren adjusted himself in such a way that removed the redhead from his scope of vision and so only the white clad officer dominated his focus. “We found the crystal caves this morning. Fifty miles north of here.” Engrossment deepened, he physically shifted while she tried not to waver under the increased intensity of that dissecting gaze. “You….. Found them?” “That’s what I said.” A quiet tut came from somewhere nearby but both ignored it, she was far too busy holding her own. And much to Hux’s surprise, Ren didn’t seem too put out by the borderline disrespect. Abruptly, the younger of the two males shattered his fixation and stepped back with a sweeping gesture to the table behind her. Invitation accepted, Layna stalked past him where a satellite image of the area in question had just materialised. The image manipulated itself by her touch; zooming in, scrolling and focusing until she found what she needed: The entrance to the network where the caves lay. It seemed the data from Tyg’s camera had been uploaded in record time as the lights dimmed and the new images caused the padding of reverent footsteps towards the table. Ren arrived at her side, absorbed by the pixels unravelling themselves into a clearer picture and she could have sworn she heard the hitch of a breath as his eyes swept the winking gleams of glowing rock. “It goes all the way back.” She added as a piece of token information as Ren moved away to saunter the perimeter of the table, utterly bewitched by the sight before him; he finally had what he was looking for. “Maybe about a hundred metres worth of tunnel, crystals everywhere and easy to remove.” A brief glance at the General found him just as intrigued as Ren. “ There could be more-” The spell was broken as he rounded on her with a sweep of a black cloak and a switch in temper that Hux had tried to warn her about. “More?!” He demanded fiercely with the swift thumping of boots on the immaculate steel floor towards her; but as always, she stood her ground. Even when faced with that daunting scar towering over her and the warm, odourless breath breezing on her face. “Are you sure?!” “There are other caves in that network we haven’t explored yet and more networks besides.” Layna explained calmly with her nerve staying intact. “ We might find more, we might not. If there’s more, this is the first but that doesn’t mean we’ll stop looking.” Gods, he was impossible to read and unpredictable had been an understatement. For a moment, his glare heated her cheeks but she remained unfazed by it, simply let it run its course without backing down. Eventually, he succumbed to peace first and broke the scowl in what Layna assumed was satisfaction with her answer. “Rest tonight.” He told her staunchly, having already turned away from her vicinity and strode to the open and waiting door. “Rest your pack or the ones you choose to bring. We leave at dawn.” Like a phantom, he disappeared in a swipe of black material and the whirring of a mechanical door. “Well….” Layna’s ears pricked to the rare sound of the General chuckling which made her pivot in slight disbelief and he too started to sidle towards the door. “I think he likes you.” Notes: It's a bit short but do let me know what you think. xxx