She gripped my hand so tightly as she jogged across the loose gravel toward our cliff. Every chance she got, she made me watch the sunset with her here. Sunrises too, if she was up early enough. We would sit here and talk, we’d have lunch on this cliff, I kissed her for the first time there. Thus, it became our cliff. She sat down abruptly when she reached the edge, dragging me down to the ground with her. It took all my strength to not end up tumbling over on top of her, and she giggled at my unsteadiness as I sat next to her. That sweet sound of her laughter was what I lived for. From our spot, we could see over hundreds, maybe thousands, of trees. The noises of the forest were a distant hum from up here, a pleasant backdrop to our countless conversations. The sky was turning red and orange as the sun started to dip below the tree line. Her hand rested on the ground next to mine and I covered it with my own. I never grew tired of the warmth of her skin. “So, how’s your training going?” She asked, eyeing me with those big eyes I loved. Her eyes were always full of vigor and hope, such a contrast to my own. “It’s, uh… Well, honestly, I think I’m disappointing everyone,” I sighed, looking away from her stare towards the bright lights in the sky. “You’re not disappointing anyone,” She huffed, pulling her knees up to her chest and drawing her hand away from mine. “You’re not disappointing me at least. I know you have it in you, Ben. You just worry too much.” “What do you mean?” “I mean, you want to be this great, powerful guy so much that you can’t even focus on learning the basic skills,” She replied, staring at me again with those eyes. “No one is amazing right from the start. It takes work.” “I’m sure my grandfather was amazing as soon as he started,” I retorted with a sigh. “He was so powerful, so…” “Your grandfather was a Sith Lord , Ben,” She emphasized the words like a warning. “You don’t want to be like him… Do you?” She scooted in closer to me and turned so her whole body was facing me, and the look of worry in her eyes made me uneasy. “I mean, I…” I knew my words would break her heart, but I had to tell her now. She had to know what she was getting into with me. If I didn’t tell her now, she would find out the hard way and I didn’t want that. “Well, I guess I’ve been talking to someone from the First Order…” “Ben, you’re not turning to the Dark Side, are you?” She asked, gripping my shoulder as the color drained away from her face. Her hopeful eyes that stared me down now seemed dark and cold. “Look, I don’t know, okay?!” I shouted, growing frustrated. “He said he could help me. That I could progress faster with him than I can with Luke, and it just seemed like a better option!” “It seemed like a better option? Why did you say it like that? Does that mean you’ve already chosen?” She stood up, backing away from me like I was some kind of rabid animal. “Well… yes.” The sun set as I spoke the words out loud, bathing the two of us in darkness like some kind of celestial sign. It was the first time I had told anyone, or even really spoken about it to anyone other than Supreme Leader Snoke, who had promised to make me great. She shook her head, her loose hair floating around her face gracefully even in her current state. Her face was a mixture of pain, betrayal, sadness, and who knows what else. I couldn’t read her mind. Yet. “Ben,” She choked out my name through the tears welling up in her eyes. “I said I’d support you through anything, but this… I just don’t know.” She ran off before I could say another word, leaving me alone on our cliff for the first time ever. --- The next day at training, she was absent. Luke questioned me on her whereabouts, knowing fully of our relationship. I told him that I didn’t know, but on some level I was glad that she wasn’t here. She wouldn’t have to see the things that Snoke had asked me to do, and she could avoid my blade for today, and hopefully forever. Luke had momentarily headed out of the training area to look for her around the living quarters, but I knew where she’d really be. I had never been alone on our cliff before last night, but that had been her cliff long before it had been ours. I knew she would be there even now, staring out at the vast sea of leafy green and contemplating how she could've ever fallen in love with a wreck like myself. I felt little remorse as I followed out my new orders from Snoke. The other Jedi students had been nothing to me. They mocked me for my lack of skills, taunted me for things I couldn’t control, and constantly reminded me that the love of my life could do better. But it would be over now. They would never again speak to me so disrespectfully. I stared down at their lifeless bodies, scattered across the training field and felt true power for the first time. That fact that I was okay with this confused me on some level. How did I end up this way? I never aspired to be evil, just powerful. But maybe that's really the same thing. I turned to leave, but she was there, standing near the corner of the field, staring at me with those big eyes of her. She said nothing and didn’t move at all, just stared. I returned her stare; the angelic features of her face were as captivating as always. Her face held little emotion. She didn't look horrified, as I'd expected she would be if she found me like this. She didn't even look disappointed. She just looked... beautiful. “Ben…” She whispered, tears growing in her eyes. “I’m not Ben anymore,” I said, brushing past her and trying my damnedest to show no sentiment. “My name is Kylo now. I’m a Knight of Ren.” “Why did you do this?!” She shouted, her voice cracking, making it sound much less intimidating than she probably wanted. “Don’t make me kill you too,” I said, choking on my own words. Threatening her felt disgusting, but she was the only thing holding me back. “I can’t do that. I love you and I can’t do that. You have to live, but if you stand in my way, I must do what I’m told.” “You’ve already killed me, Ben,” She said, grabbing my arm before I got too far away. “This has killed me.” I turned to look at her, hoping that she wouldn’t see that my eyes were red with tears that threatened to spill out despite my attempts to stay composed. I had to be strong. Snoke would sense my weakness. It was already a risk to let her live, but I had to. I couldn’t kill her. She slapped me hard across the cheek before running off into the trees. I woke up, startled, in my quarters on the Starkiller Base. I shuddered involuntarily. She was like a ghost to me now. I hadn’t killed her, but I might as well have. She haunted me every night. I woke up thinking you were still here My hands shaking with regret I've held this dream for such a long long time And I wanna get up To the rhythm of a wild, to the rhythm of a wild heart That beats, that beats like a rolling drum I saw you standing on the corner I saw you standing on your own And I get the feeling that it's, it's all a dream And I wanna get up To the rhythm of a wild, to the rhythm of a wild heart That beats, that beats like a drum When I fall asleep I can see your face What I lost in you I will not replace And I could run away, I could let them down But I will remember your light