"I'm being torn apart will you help me." "Anything." It happened. Kylo fucking KNEW it happened. He saw the flash of red. He heard the violent hum of the lightsaber. The gasp of air coming from his father as the bright red beam drove through his body. The feel hand touching his face as one last act of forgiveness. And then the corspe....falling Falling.... Disappearing into light. But when Kylo felt a hand grab his, it painted a different outcome. "Ren you are weaponless we must leave," It voice of his General....his beloved Hux. The voice of his lover prompted him to turn his head to see the reality of what had really happened. It was Kylo's lightsaber....violently tumbling into the fog below the bridge. His father stood alive and well....hand fumbling with the blaster in his pocket "Ben...please," His father said swallowing, "come home with me....hell...you can even bring your boyfriend home with you...your mother will accept you both...." Kylo didn't believe him...and he had to act fast. But even with all his powers...Kylo was fast, but his father Han Solo...the man who was known to shoot first was faster. If he didn't shoot Kylo he would shoot Hux... The death of his lover would cause his already warped mind to deteriorate at a rapid pace. A irony considering their love brought out their worst. But it was something he was not willing to risk. Kylo's hand squeezed Hux's at a tight grip before raising his hand to send his father flying across the bridge. He managed to see the man's head hit the edge controls before he started running. As he ran to the other edge of the bridge, his lover in tow, Kylo took one last look at his father. His face in shock as he rubbed the back of his head only to see a blood stained palm. The ground began to shake beneath them. He would kill Han Solo another day....right now....he needed to get him and Hux to safety. Notes: Don't be afraid to Send me Prompts at http://melindamaay.co.vu/ Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 8 of the Comment_fic ficlets. series Next Work →