Poe opens his laptop. This is weird shit, he'd already warned his clients; spooky, grainy, low-resolution. It's every parent's nightmare, shaky video that appears to have been filmed with someone's phone in a dirt-floored basement, and despite the poor quality of the recording it's devastatingly clear that it's their son from the handful of skewed close-ups of his face. The kid's drugged and mumbling, eyes half-closed and underlined with deep dark circles. There's no one else in the frame, but an inaudible voice- the operator of the camera maybe-- speaks at widely spaced intervals, and Ben replies. Under his breath, tranced out, like he's talking to himself. “What's he saying?” The father, leaning towards the screen, deliberately casual, chin propped on his fist. He's an intense old man, glad-handing and cheerfully irreverent, great stores of false bravado built up around the particular tragedy of his son's withdrawal and disappearance. “I made a transcript.” Poe hands him the sheet of paper. “It's not that clear. From what I can gather it's some kind of ceremony. Renouncing his previous identity as part of the initiation.” “Of course.” The mother; petite, brittle, tight-lipped. Intent dark eyes, like the son. The only familial resemblance, really, that Poe's been able to discern, but that's not what he's investigating. “That's usually a component of these things. They induce a dream state with drugs and alcohol and sleep deprivation, and...” “He's all right,” Poe cuts in quickly. “He hasn't been harmed.” “Not to your knowledge.” “Right. Not to my knowledge.” Poe steeples his fingers in front of him, blocking his view of the still images on the laptop screen; Ben in profile, iconically vague and smudgy, some kind of dark cowl covering his hair. “My proposal, right... I'm going to pose as an initiate to gain access to the compound. I'll stake them out for a few days, gain their trust, get in there and talk to Ben. I'll be in contact the whole time, but through an intermediary. Remember, we're not trying to blow this open, we don't want the whole thing shut down--” “Why not?” “Han--” “No, why not? This shit is illegal, isn't it? Drugging people, holding them against their will--” “Your son isn't being held against his will.” “He's locked in a dirty basement.” “This room here... this isn't their accommodations. It's just something they use for ceremonies. From what I've turned up so far, the living conditions are perfectly adequate.” “Yeah. I'm sure.” He snorts dismissively, shakes his head, sags into his wife's comforting embrace. “Just find him, all right? Find him and bring him back. And don't get yourself killed or anything, like hell I want that on my conscience.” “Don't worry about it.” Poe tries to be reassuring. He can't imagine what they're going through; or, for that matter, what awaits him in the modest clutch of brick buildings, gathered around a green lawn like a college quad, that recent news reports have ominously termed 'the compound'. It's a few days after his meeting with Ben's parents that Poe makes his approach. 'The compound' sits beside a freshly paved country road in the midst of several square miles of farm fields and straggly new-growth forest, and it's far too beautiful a spring morning for anything to feel especially foreboding when Poe gets out of his car and strolls up the crocus-lined path to the 'intake house' as if absolutely nothing weird is going on here at all. He knocks on the door; this was prearranged, of course, and the guy who opens the door is the one he spoke to on the phone. He would identify himself only as 'Hux' and turns out, in the flesh, to be a tall and somewhat cadaverous redhead in candy-striped flannel pajama pants and an incongruous military surcoat that looks like it came from some kind of Third Reich rummage sale. This is real quality crazy-person stuff, Poe is almost gratified to note. These people are a bunch of fruitcakes, and God only knows what kind of fancy fairy stories they've been feeding little Ben. “So you're interested in becoming an initiate,” Hux says. There's something scattered about him, something distinctly unnerving in the way his pale eyes never quite focus. He's got a dead-man-walking quality to him, seems to be unable to stand without propping himself against whatever piece of furniture is closest at hand. He notices Poe noticing his unsettled loopiness, appears to be sharper than Poe gave him credit for. “I'm sorry. I'm in the middle of my vigil, I'm technically not supposed to be processing initiates right now, but Supreme Leader...” “That's what you call him?” “That's what he calls himself.” Hux gives Poe a long sober look, a look that Poe doesn't really know how to read; it's hard to get any kind of impression of this guy. He's got no tip-offs, no hint of anything that could be called a personality; aside from the wacky uniform, he's a complete blank. Like a ventriloquist's dummy, Poe thinks. The mouthpiece of the Supreme Leader. There's one in every death-worshiping doomsday cult. “Is he available?” “What?” That piercing look again, those light eyes like blank windows. Hux is rummaging through a desk drawer, patting the pockets of his coat, searching disjointedly for something. “For spiritual advice, I mean. If I wanted to talk to your Supreme Leader, could I meet him?” “All initiates must complete the First Order Course before receiving specialized instruction from Supreme Leader Snoke. Supreme Leader Snoke does not reveal his teachings to those who are unwilling to educate themselves.” “Well, all right.” Poe is nothing if not willing to learn. A crash course in whatever kind of off-brand mysticism this is, maybe some chanting around a bonfire, a white robe, a baptism, he'll do what he has to do to confront this Supreme Leader, to have a shot at getting to Ben. The first stage of the First Order Course is, apparently, paperwork. Tedious SAT-style logic problems mimeographed in smudgy purple ink. Poe works quickly, casting occasional glances at Hux, sitting perfectly still in the corner of the room as if someone inside his head is instructing him not to move. Then Hux hands him off to another one of Snoke's underlings and goes back to whatever the hell his 'vigil' is, and Poe is conducted on a tour of the modest premises; scrubby green lawn, beds of flowers, white birch and maple and flowering lilac and blackberry briars encroaching on the property. All the shady vegetation gives it a secretive feel, as if the whole compound might just vanish back into the woods like a lost Puritan settlement. A stone wall surrounds it, mossy and tumbled. Deep beds of pine needles, tall scarecrow trees, ravens croaking and woodpeckers drumming, whistling and knocking of wind in the high branches. “Are you staying here tonight?” the woman-- 'Phasma'- finally asks Poe, after a lengthy interview that mostly consisted of vague but invasive questions about his religious background and spiritual aspirations; the answers to which are always easy enough to fudge. “Is that an option?” “You'll have to share a room.” Poe allows that he doesn't mind, and the room he's conducted to is odd- L-shaped, awkwardly proportioned as if carved out of some large industrial space, with a single vast semicircular window-- but nice. Bed-and-breakfast nice. None of the furniture matches, but the effect is a charming kind of eccentric. The décor is subdued, but attractive; some old books, a playbill for an ancient theater company's production of Salome, a single moodily drab painting of a snowy landscape: house, fence, fields, woods, distant church spire. Poe settles in, contacts his go-between, answers some emails on his phone. He has a feeling that Ben s about to be delivered right into his lap, which will of course be interesting. There's no telling what kind of state he's in, what sort of indoctrination he's undergone since that undated fragment of video was taken. Then the room is shadowed, reddish sunset glowing through the half-circle window, and Poe realizes he must've dozed off. He's in one bed- he'd taken the smaller one, with the striped wool blanket-- and someone else is in the other. Whoever it is is splayed out on top of the covers as if he'd just fallen there, overcome with exhaustion, his coat and shoes still on. As it happens, Poe recognizes those shoes: the pair of scuffed black wingtips Ben had been wearing when he disappeared. He decides not to try to make contact until the kid wakes up, is somewhat impressed that he's able to sleep so soundly like this; in a walled complex like a horror-movie insane asylum, thrust into close quarters with a stranger. Poe believes he knows the type, however. It's not any kind of religious or philosophical conviction that's brought Ben to this, but a rejection of his parents and everything those two nice middle-class agnostics represent. It's the allure of the taboo, the pagan, the profane and forbidden. The romance of ritual, the promise of power. Poe can't say he doesn't understand the impulse. Ben turns on his side, muttering in his sleep, dark hair still covering his face. Poe wonders if he's still drugged, if he's just come off one of the 'vigils' Hux had referred to. Ben sits up eventually, hair in wild disarray, eyes dark and befuddled, and Poe recognizes him; more than being familiar from the photos and videos he's studied, Ben's face is something Poe feels like he's known his entire life. Maybe it's the chemically blissed-out expression, the way Ben is looking at him as if Poe's his oldest friend, maybe his only friend in the world and he hasn't seen him in years. Maybe it's Poe's familiarity with kids like Ben, the expertise he's built up, the understanding he has of the kind of person who'd pawn his belongings and drop all contact with his parents and run off to join the circus. Kid; Ben's younger than Poe, sure, but not exactly a child. His facial expressions- in Han and Leia's collection of snapshots- have a youthful frankness, his big genuine crooked-toothed smile makes him look younger than he is. Agewise, he's really more grad-school dropout than teenage runaway, but he's still far too young to be committing his life to something like this. “What are you doing here?” Ben sounds lucid enough, and Poe is somewhat relieved. There's a dullness to him, a sort of glazed slow-blinking sadness, that wasn't there in the photos, but he's still recognizably human. “Same as you. I'm an initiate.” “I won't be too much longer. They recruited me so I could be Leader Snoke's right hand.” Ben laughs, and it's sort of stumblingly parodic, like he has to think about it, like he doesn't really remember how to laugh. “How long have you been here?” Poe's willing to bet he already knows the answer to that question, but he wonders if Ben is able to conceptualize it; if at this point he's still aware of the passage of time. “I know that you just got here. Hux was telling me. He thinks you have promise.” “You talk to him?” Ben laughs again, more genuinely this time, and the way he lights up when he talks about that officious little redheaded stooge is unmistakable. “He processed me when I first came here. He's Leader Snoke's second in command now, but it's supposed to be three. The three of us. Me and Hux and the Supreme Leader, and that's when...” He trails off, brow furrowing, and shakes his head. “Who are you, anyway? You just showed up out of nowhere? If Leader Snoke suspects he's being spied on...” Ben is twitchy, distracted, apparently unable to complete a sentence. He crosses his arms over his chest and shivers; he's shrugged off his coat, is wearing only a thin t-shirt underneath. “What happens then?” “What?” “If he finds out he's being spied on. What, is he doing something illegal? I thought this was just a commune. Like, a religious retreat, you know?” Ben doesn't answer, is burrowing under the blankets on his bed. Poe hears his shoes hit the floor, first one, then the other, and then in very short order he hears snoring. Ben is conked out, magnificently sedated. Chapter 2 The next morning Poe makes a major breakthrough entirely by accident. He wakes up early, feeling fortunate that he hasn't himself been drugged or anything although he feels as though that was a distinct possibility, he didn't drink or eat anything that he remembers anyway but these fuckers are sneaky and he's starting to feel like breakfast might not be a bad idea. That's probably where Ben's gone, and Poe's vacillating between kicking himself for letting Ben get away again and being glad of the opportunity to do some really major snooping. Snooping wins in the end, and as it turns out Ben has very few belongings, but the one personal item (besides the wingtip shoes and ragged t-shirts and several very rumpled pairs of black jeans) is a fucking humdinger. The sleek little gray laptop computer isn't even password-protected or anything and Poe immediately opens it up and starts rummaging. His interest is piqued by a series of video files just sitting there harmlessly on the desktop: Hux1, Hux2, Hux3, etc. He plugs in his earphones and double-clicks, not knowing what to expect exactly, maybe something on the order of the video he'd played for Ben's parents: some nonsensical poorly-lit sequence filmed in a dingy basement. What he gets is a fucking eyeful, an eyeful of Ben to be more specific and of Hux's scrawny white ass. The two of them, together. So now Poe can add 'some kind of weird sex-trafficking pornography ring' to the list of problems he has with this whole situation, because apparently Ben and Hux have been filming themselves fucking quite a lot. One might almost say obsessively. A couple of the videos are only clips a few seconds long showing Hux sitting by himself, fully clothed, on Ben's bed, no narration, no funny business, no apparent meaning. The rest of them are, well, sterling examples of very hard-to-watch amateur pornography. Ben makes love to the camera, and the camera returns the favor. It's not like Poe necessarily has any obligation to keep from noticing how photogenic the kid is, after all, but he still feels like kind of a pervert. They do it in every position imaginable, sometimes with unfortunately audible dirty talk ( What if I spanked that sweet little ass of yours some more? ) sometimes without saying anything, and there's something admirable about their great reserves of energy, their, well I guess you might call it onscreen chemistry because when Hux's hands are on Ben and when Ben is looking at him all eager wide-open eyes and parted lips it looks like they really do have something going on. Poe copies the files onto a flash drive, resolutely ignoring his boner. Seriously, goddamn that kid and his apparently amazing body. Long and lanky but completely filled out, arms and chest ropy and dense with muscle, stomach solid and visibly segmented, thighs like fucking marble pillars. Magnificent, Poe has to admit, and by the look of him Hux definitely agrees. He's at least appreciative, Poe thinks, as if it matters. Although he doesn't really have the stomach for it anymore, Poe feels like he'd better see about breakfast. He wasn't given any specific instructions as to when or even whether to leave the room, but he figures if he goes looking for food he has a pretty good chance of finding Ben. There's a small kitchen on the ground floor of the building, and Hux is there with an electric griddle and a jug of pancake batter. He's still got the striped pajama pants on, and a thin t-shirt that's coming apart at the collar and cuffs, and his face looks like it hasn't seen a razor in at least 24 hours. Something about this feels oddly domestic, like Poe is already part of whatever weird kind of family this is; like he's already learned too much and there's no going back. He declines Hux's offer of breakfast but accepts a cup of coffee, which he drinks black, sitting at the Formica dining table, noticing that there isn't a single piece of furniture in this place that hasn't probably been kicking around since at least the mid-70s. “Did you sleep well?” Hux asks, mildly. Listening to him, you'd think he'd never had an emotion or an opinion in his life. He's certainly nothing like the guy in the video clips, the guy holding Ben over his knee, shoving Ben up against the wall, clinging to the headboard of what Poe queasily recognized as the actual bed he'd just been sleeping in as Ben thrusts into him from below. Who the fuck is Hux, anyway? “All right.” Poe drains his coffee, watches Hux scramble eggs. The whole scene seems unreal, like any second he's going to blink and realize he's really back in his office conferencing with Ben's parents, or at home in bed, or anywhere really but where he is right now. “You'll be moving on to the next initiation phase,” Hux says. “That is, if you've decided you'll be staying with us here.” Poe's had plenty of practice acting like he's never seen all the incriminating evidence he's seen, can easily pretend he hasn't spent far too much of his morning watching Hux plow the innocent doe-eyed boy he's supposed to be rescuing from this circus. “You know that guy I shared a room with last night? Tall kid, dark curly hair, kind of goofy.” “Kylo Ren. He's been named. Replaced his previous identity.” “Is that what's going to happen to me?” “It's your decision, ultimately. In order to receive the teachings of Supreme Leader Snoke, you must release the person that you are. Undergo a spiritual restructuring. I'm sure you noticed how at peace Kylo is with his renewed identity. The gift he's been given by the Supreme Leader.” What whackadoo stuff this is, Poe thinks yet again. He's half tempted to ask Hux when they start filming the porn videos. Maybe there are cameras planted all over this place. “At peace, yeah. I don't know if that's exactly what I'd call it.” Poe drains off the last of his coffee and slams the cup down on the table with sudden decisiveness. “So what about... what's his name, Kylo? You know him pretty well, don't you?” “Well, we are essentially a community of worshipers here. We share common goals. We live in close quarters, spend a lot of time together. That sort of thing is unavoidable.” Goddamn, this guy is a brick wall. Poe can't crack him, but then again, he doesn't really need to; he has more video footage of Hux's private life than he could ever want or need. What he does need is for Hux to provide him with a key, a route into Ben's head. You can't save someone who doesn't want to be saved. Well, maybe you can, but Poe is getting too old to drag anyone kicking and screaming into the light. Let Ben approach it himself, let him regain the ability to think for himself as a precursor to any kind of breakthrough. “Right. I mean, I get that, but Kylo... he's one of your initiates, right? So you have more of a special relationship with him.” “I've taught many initiates.” Hux actually glances at Poe, his eyes green and glassy, light glancing off them in that no-one's-home way; the brighter the lights, the less there is going on behind them. For a few seconds his face is actually devoid of any recognizably human expression, as if whoever's puppeteering him had slipped out for some air. “So how long have you been here?” “Well, believe it or not, I was in the military for a long time. When I came back from overseas I was looking for a way to make sense of things, of having seen and done things that were objectively horrible. I found Snoke, and he helped me come to some realizations about my place in the world and what I'm supposed to do here. That was when, out of gratitude, I decided to help him. Spread the word, create awareness. There are a lot of people in the world who feel just the way I did, who contemplate the brutal meaninglessness of their lives and just feel adrift as a result. I decided it was worth my while to help them.” After this speech, Hux nods, apparently satisfied, and rubs a hand over the gingery stubble on his chin. He's not a bad-looking guy, really, Poe thinks. Kind of severe, with that long hatchety jaw. Pronged cheekbones, pointy nose, intense empty eyes. Not that Poe would fuck him, necessarily, but he's maybe starting to see why Ben would. “So, what, are we talking years? Months?” “Six years. More or less.” “Right, then would you say this is basically your livelihood? Your calling, maybe?” “I don't believe I've been called to do anything. I haven't answered a call, only made a conscious decision to devote my life to lessening the suffering in the world. Nothing was calling me to do that. If you think about it, the world conspires against people who want to lessen suffering. Suffering is big business in the world we live in. Think of an industry, any industry. They're all based on suffering.” “What about Ben? Would you say he was suffering? When you met him, I mean.” “He was experiencing great spiritual turmoil, I will say that. He found himself pulled in many directions. It was my privilege to pass on the knowledge I had acquired through my studies with Snoke. I taught him, that was all I did. Everything beyond that was his doing. He made his own decisions.” Poe's pretty sure he detects a note of defensiveness here. He doesn't know if Hux recognizes the level of manipulation he's been engaging in; he might himself be too far gone for that, but some part of him knows that Ben's free will has been compromised. “I'm glad you're asking questions,” Hux says, as if he's somehow caught wind of Poe's thoughts and is trying to deflect suspicion. “I hope I can be of help to you when it comes time to make your decision.” “I'll be honest with you. The kind of guy I am, I just really don't go in much for religion. I take a lot of convincing, you know?” “The way of Ren is not a religion. It requires hard work and dedication, not faith. It might be easier for you than you think.” Chapter 3 And at that moment, glory hallelujah, Ben stumbles half-dressed into the kitchen, moaning for coffee. Hux moves with a weird herky-jerky marionette-like efficiency, buttering bread, beating eggs, sliding a mug in front of Ben and pouring it full and Poe steals a piece of toast without either of them noticing and hangs back collecting observations, his eye ineluctably drawn to the trail of dark hair leading underneath the loose drawstring of Ben's pajama pants. Definitely not an old married couple, Ben and Hux; they're oddly formal with each other; although maybe that's an act, for the benefit of outsiders. Watching them, you wouldn't think they had even met before, let alone made a series of hardcore art films. “How long is he going to be here?” Ben asks Hux, about halfway through his second cup of coffee. Poe is somewhat surprised that Ben's noticed him at all; he and Hux are both so bizarrely oblivious, drifting around on automatic pilot. Sure, it's early in the morning, but it's not that early, and the two of them must be used to this early-to-bed-early-to-rise bullshit by now. “I can't answer that.” “I thought we were going to start getting rid of people who aren't serious about this. It's distracting. Supreme Leader shouldn't have to waste his time on tourists and rubberneckers.” “I'm not a tourist, kid.” “You ought to give him the benefit of the doubt,” says Hux; standing at the sink now, clattering dishes around in soapy water. “Mr. Antilles is a brand-new initiate. The way of Ren is patience and compassion.” Somehow Poe kind of doubts that, but at least the way of Ren has decent coffee. He takes the liberty of pouring himself another cup, wondering how soon he can fit in another private conference with Ben. It's day 3 at the compound before Poe gets Ben alone again. They're both in the room they still share, preparing for bed after a long day of chanting affirmations and contemplating nothingness and a bunch of other vague New Age bullshit and Poe continues to suspect that this so-called cult is a front for something much nastier, with Ben and Hux and their exhibitionist sex life at the center of it. Poe watches Ben take the laptop from its shelf above his bed and open it. Its weak blue light plays softly across his enraptured face, and, right there, with Poe still watching him, Ben sneaks a hand down the front of his pajama pants and starts fiddling with himself. Poe of course pretends not to notice, at least until Ben's noises get loud and urgent and his pants slip down around his knees as his strokes get firmer and broader; good grip, strong wrist, good technique, Poe notes absently, and his cock's not bad either. Don't fucking touch him, Poe reminds himself, don't go near the kid, don't offer to help him, don't even think about... Poe thinks about it, of course. He can't stop himself from thinking about it. He thinks that Ben is probably recording himself for Hux's benefit and that's why he doesn't seem to give a shit that some guy he barely knows and isn't that fond of is sitting right there in the same room watching him jerk himself off. Don't say anything, don't burst his bubble, don't intrude. Just observe. “I know you're watching me,” Ben announces, just when he'd quieted down and Poe had started to assume he'd finished and gone to sleep. Poe is in his own narrow bed, facing Ben's, keeping one eye on him. Guilty as charged. “I can't see anything.” For a brief wild moment Poe thinks of just tipping his hand, letting slip that he works for Ben's parents, confessing to anything at all as long as Ben will just admit that it was fucked up to masturbate in front of him. He wants Ben to resemble an actual human being and not a quaalude marionette like Hux and the blonde and- he can only assume-- Supreme Leader Snoke himelf. Wants to somehow contact the kid he'd seen in the yearbooks and home videos, the kid from Han and Leia's anecdotes and photo albums, the kid with the shy goofy smile and the messy dark hair. Ben posing with basketballs and birthday cakes, Ben in a hundred wholesome suburban tableaux. That's the real Ben, he thinks. Not the one whispering creepily to him in the dark with his hands probably still down his pants. “I know why you're here.” Okay. So he knows, so the jig is up, so he... how could he possibly know? He's too doped-up to know what he had for breakfast that morning, let alone-- “You think Supreme Leader is a fake. That we're all a bunch of pawns. Idiots getting taken advantage of.” “I just happen to think a bit of skepticism isn't unhealthy.” “None of us are blind. Or stupid. We can see Supreme Leader for what he really is.” “And exactly what is that? I mean, it would be helpful if you could explain it to me. Since I'm an initiate and all.” Poe isn't sure Ben is buying this, is in fact pretty sure he wouldn't buy it if he were in Ben's place, but he's got to keep asking questions, get a handle on this situation somehow. Find out what Ben knows, for a start. Hux is second-in-command to the Supreme Leader, and Ben, as Hux's personal plaything, may very well have come by some privileged information. “A more evolved life form,” Ben says, evenly, without emotion or hesitation. “A being of pure light. You can see it, if you look for it. An aura of peace and silence and wisdom. Supreme Leader is the example we follow. He guides and shapes us. He steers us toward enlightenment, whatever form it might take for each of us.” Ben sounds like a book on tape, his voice spookily smooth, never faltering, every syllable of equal length. “So what do you think that looks like? Your version of enlightenment?” Ben doesn't answer, and doesn't answer, and Poe hears him settling in the dark, the soft rustle of sheets and creak of bedsprings. “What was your life like before you came here? You don't mind if I ask that, do you?” “You can ask whatever you want. I obviously don't have to answer.” “Fine.” Poe lies there in the pitch darkness, expecting to hear Ben's noises taper off into silence, then snoring. Expecting no more answers to his probing questions, but then after at least a minute has passed he does hear something. The real Ben, not that slow overly-enunciated hypnotism-subject voice. “I was unhappy, I guess. And my parents were unhappy with me. The things I thought were important, they didn't care about. And what they wanted me to do, I felt like it was pointless. It's so middle-class, but I guess I wasn't fucking fulfilled, you know? Like, I went to school and everything but I didn't get what I was supposed to be getting. I didn't get why everybody cared so much. I kept thinking there was probably more to life than what I was seeing, than what I'd been shown so far, but I couldn't figure out what it was or how to get into it. I was stuck being average. Doing absolutely nothing interesting with my life. And my parents I don't want to bitch about too much, they're okay people, but I got the feeling they never knew why they did all the things they were supposed to do. They did nothing unpredictable, you know? Like they were living life to a script. Career, house, kid, mow the lawn on Saturdays. My dad used to be this kind of crazy guy, not like a criminal exactly but doing some wild stuff and he sort of settled down when my ma got pregnant. Like, I got the impression that he was bored. I felt like there's such a thing as freedom but none of us really knows what to do with it.” “So what's your point? Are you saying your Supreme Leader knows what to do with your life better than you do? You're just going to give up entirely? You don't have any better ideas?” “You're still making fun of me, aren't you?” “Just trying to figure this out. All this enlightenment stuff, you know? It doesn't come naturally to me.” They lie there in silence for a while, in their separate beds in this strange room in the midst of what Poe can only think of as the sprawling web of Snoke's influence; by day it appears to be a paradise, flowering fruit trees and lilac shrubs, broad green lawns and clear flowing water; by night there's this stillness, this silence as absolute as any Poe's ever experienced before. Nothing stirs out here: no frogs croak, no crickets chirp. No car horns, no planes overhead, not a single stray barking dog. “So what about Hux?” “Hux?” “You know, the redhead. Interesting guy, huh?” “What do you mean?” “Ex-military and preaching non-violence. I mean, that's kind of an abrupt turn. It's weird, right? Like a change of personality.” Brainwashing, Poe thinks but doesn't say. He's not entirely sure what the current theories are, whether it's actually possible to psychologically condition someone into a creepily docile human hand puppet without at least a lot more illegal drugs than Poe's seen evidence of so far. Something about Hux's permanent trance, though... less like a yogi and more like a sleepwalker, and if there's any kind of wisdom or peace in that sort of numbness, Poe will consider himself lucky to be spared it. “Nothing happened to his personality.” “You're probably right. He doesn't seem like the kind of guy who ever really had one in the first place.” Exactly the kind of guy, in short, who would join the military, Poe thinks but doesn't say. “Hux is indispensable to Supreme Leader Snoke. He's processed more Initiates than anyone. He's ambitious.” “Really, because it looks more like he's some kind of housemaid. He makes a decent pot of coffee though, gotta give him credit for that.” There's nothing but silence from Ben's half of the room, apart from some very passive-aggressive-sounding bedspring squeaking. The silence stretches on and on, and the fuzzy-edged darkness of the room becomes a cinema screen where Poe's uncooperative imagination projects once more all the images he's seen of Ben and Hux together. Their bodies, both long and pale and narrow-waisted, Ben's rippling with scarcely-contained muscularity, powerful as a mountain lion but not quite as graceful. Hux's, a great deal more ordinary, an ascetic boniness to him, a brittle arching of ribs and hips. His slim chest, Ben's billowing with strength. The worst and the best parts were when they kissed each other, Ben with his legs wrapped around Hux's waist, their movement stilled as they brought their mouths together. All that mutual fascination and familiarity, each drinking in the other, like they really loved each other, and Poe starts to wonder if he'll ever get to sleep tonight.