Kylo Ren is fine . (ok, so admittedly it’s the kind of fine that involves skipping more classes than he makes, and embarrassing amounts of crying, but… he’s fine) He’s fine . Which is what he tells Poe Dameron – Poe Dameron who he vaguely remembers being a short, pimply kid a few years older than him whose parents knew his own, and who has no business being at Kylo’s dorm room door to check up on him and also has no business having grown up really hot . Particularly when Kylo has grown up gangly and not fitting his limbs and weird-looking and he’s pretty sure the supposedly-waterproof eyeliner he spent way too much money on is smeared halfway down his cheeks and that his eyes and nose are both red and– “I’m fine ,” he repeats firmly. “Ben–” “It’s Kylo . Kylo Ren. Not Ben.” “Kylo, then.” Poe corrects himself easily, without so much as a weird look or a question, which gives Kylo this kind of shit I’m in love stomach-flip that would be weird if it didn’t happen every time anyone shows him the slightest bit of positive attention or acceptance lately. “Your mom told mine that you haven’t been making your classes. Or calling her. And I figure, hey, I’m in the area, so I offered to check up on you.” “I’m fine .” It sounded hollow the first time he said it, let alone now on the… fourth? fifth? time, and Kylo’s breath catches in his throat so he follows it up with a strangled l eave me alone and then slams the door in Poe’s face. Which is childish, but the only thing worse than this very attractive, apparently kind and caring guy seeing him as a mess who’s clearly been crying would be that same guy seeing him actually crying . (especially because, as Hux hasn’t once failed to point out, Kylo Ren crying is not goddamn pretty ) When he peeks out of the door an hour later and finds the hallway deserted, he’s not really sure whether to be relieved or disappointed that Poe’s clearly given up on him. Or not, maybe. He gets a text from his mom later that night telling him that she’s booked him in at the weekend for an initial assessment with a therapist, and that Poe Dameron has promised to make sure that he makes it. And, sure enough, come Saturday there’s a knock on his door and, lo and behold, there stands Poe in all his still-ridiculously-attractive glory, grinning disarmingly at Kylo and holding out his car keys toward him. “I heard you like driving but that you don’t have a car of your own. If you agree to go to this thing I’ll let you drive.” His grin widens. “It’ll be worth it, promise. She’s good .” And, well , Kylo tells himself, barely registering that he’s reaching out to take the keys until he feels the weight of them in his hand, maybe a therapist can at least tell him whether it’s weird or in fact perfectly logical and reasonable to want to kiss Poe Dameron right now. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the PKH College AU series Next Work →