Han Solo [3:01 p.m.]: Leia is at work? She said that she was getting off early today. They were apparently postponing the senate vote. Luke glanced down at his phone. The hallway was dark as he sat next to his nephew. Ben Solo was humming quietly next to him. A smattering of freckles crossed the bridge of his nose. In that lighting, Luke could barely even tell the black haired child had freckles. He just looked pale. The sound of a loud clap of thunder caused Luke to glance down to the school entrance. Even from the back of the hallway, he could see the heavy rain coming down in sheets. Of course the day that Han just left the country and Leia was unexpectedly busy with work, it would be pouring rain. Luke Skywalker [3:03 p.m.]: Yeah. She just texted me. But she did not say anything about the senate hearing. He was slightly frustrated, sure. Sure he was a kindergarten teacher. Sure he loved spending time with the kids in his class. And SURE, he loved his nephew as though the kid was his own son. But Luke did have a life outside of being a teacher. He had things to do. The fact that it was raining outside just made his mood that much more piss poor. Han Solo [3:03 p.m.]: Ok. I am going to talk to Leia later when I get to the hotel. Let me make a call real quick. Luke sighed and dropped his head back against the wall with a resounding thump. It practically echoed in the quiet and empty hallway. The sound did cause Ben to glance up at his blond uncle. For a kindergartner, the kid was incredibly bright. Luke guessed it was because Ben did not spend time with the others in his class. Ben spent all of his time in his “studies”, as much studying as there was in kindergarten. He was able to pick up on things Luke’s friends were not perceptive to. Like how aggravated Luke was. The black haired kid fidgeted with his hands in his lap, staying quiet and not wanting to upset his uncle any further. Ben loved Luke. Sometimes, when Luke took him out to the park, his uncle would get him ice cream on the way back to his house. That was one of his favorite things. Luke Skywalker [3:05 p.m.]: Please make it quick. :P Still pissed off at his closest friend, he could not help but be polite. It was just how he and his sister were raised. Luke glanced down at Ben at that thought. The kid had grown quiet during the time he had been texting Han. Luke really enjoyed having Ben in his class. The kid was an absolute treat to teach. He was quiet and followed instructions the first time Luke gave them. It was not like he was a harsh teacher, probably the furthest thing from it. But he still appreciated it when the kids listened to him. And Ben was the best at it. Luke was glad that Ben was a part of his family. Family… Luke’s mind wondered to his parents and Leia. Padme, his mother, had been senator for most of her life. It was just in her blood. After all; her parents, Luke’s grandparents, both worked for the government. Then there was his father, Anakin Skywalker. As a young man, he worked to be accepted right into the military. He was sent to fight in the Gulf War and was injured during his service. He came back to the states and then retired to become a high school substitute teacher. It was funny how it worked out for Leia and Luke. They mirrored their parents. They mirrored their parents in both personality and occupation. Well kind of. Luke thought with a chuckle. Ben glanced up at the noise Luke made in the back of his throat. That was something Ben liked about Luke. Of course the blond was more social than he was, but he was quiet. Both his mother and father were loud people. Ben loved them, would not be able to live without them; but he needed it to be quiet more often than not. Luke’s text message retrieval tone broke both of them out of their thoughts. He quickly grabbed his phone and unlocked it, pressing the green icon. Han Solo [3:13 p.m.]: Ben’s ride will be there soon -_-. Luke blinked, staring down at the text Han just sent to him. What? What was the problem? Was it something he did? He looked over at the young boy sitting next to him. The two of them stared at each other in the darkness of the hallway. Outside, the rain continued to fall down from the grey heavens. Nothing changed. ~’~ “Profit went up 29 percent in the last quarter. Three branches of the armed forces are still asking for more equipment and the two other branches are apparently in “talks” for us to start supplying them with weapons as well.” Hux’s voice, dry as ever, droned on as he explained recent developments. The red head assistant stood before the CEO’s large desk. It was all a normal picture. He would sigh, print out the recent news of the company that a CEO should know about, and come walking to his office. Kylo, said CEO, simply sat in his chair. He had it turned halfway towards the floor to ceiling windows. The entire back wall of his office was glass. He liked it that way. At the top floor of his building, he had a perfect view of the city below him. It gave him a feeling of power, of accomplishment. That particular day, with the sky a dreary grey and the rain coming down in sheets, he could not help but feel a little lazy. Do not get him wrong, he loved the rain. He just did not like the rain and Hux talking to him about boring, inconsequential developments within the company. At 33 years old, he enjoyed the wealth that he had. He was still young and at the top of the world. Hux was the same age and nearly just as wealthy, considering he was Kylo’s extremely successful assistant. Kylo just did not understand why he wanted to work at every moment of the day. But then again, he really did know. Hux needed control in his life. Having known Hux for nearly 2 decades, he has gotten an up close and personal look at the red head. “Kylo.” Hux’s voice was aggrevated. He knew the black haired male was just taking in the information. He was not processing it. He was not putting it into his mind for later use. He just wanted to make it look like he was so Hux would leave him alone. “Kylo.” He was louder this time, causing the CEO to turn in his chair. Kylo’s face was blank with the tiniest hint of annoyance. “If you are not going to do any more work today, you should go home. The workers do not need a lazy CEO to work under. It is not good for morale.” Kylo nearly groaned. Hux was such an old fogy for just 33. Work, work, work; it was all he ever did. There were the special occasions where he could get Hux to go out for a beer with his brother and himself, but that was it. The guy was like a damn robot. Sure, Kyo worked hard when he needed to. He prided himself on his work ethic actually. It was just that compared to Hux, everyone was a slacker. Kylo was about to respond when his sleek black cell phone rung. It was his personal one. There was a part of him that cheered he did not have to speak to Hux any further. But when he saw who was calling him, he literally groaned this time. Han Solo. Damn it. But he knew that his older brother would keep calling until he picked up. Han had just left the country for a business meeting. The two of them had been all over internationally magazines and television news shows. As two brothers who both started their own companies, Kylo’s a military weapons corporation and Han’s a worldwide delivery company, the news media was rather adamant on finding things out about them. His older brother was about to expand and get new overseas warehouses in Japan and different locations in Europe. It was an exciting time for the brunette. Hux saw who was calling and immediately walked out of the office. One problem taken care of. Kylo thought to himself as he picked up the call. “Kylo.” He answered. It did not matter if it was a personal call or a work call, he answered the phone the same way. He did it with Han, partially because he knew it bothered his older brother. From the scoff he heard Han make, it seemed his older brother already had issues; and it did not start with “Ky” and end with “Lo”. “What do you need Han?” He decided to get right to the point. “It’s raining there and I know you are not doing any work. I know you too well.” His brother really did know him too well. When they were growing up, Kylo became immobile when it rained. All the other kids, including Han, would go out and play in the puddles. Not Kylo. No. He did not know what it was, but the rain just made his body freeze up. It was not even a bad feeling. He just… stopped doing anything. “Leia is working today apparently. That means Ben does not have anyone to pick him up.” Ah. There it was. Ben. His brother’s son. He loved the little kid. He was practically a clone of Kylo when he was younger after all. However, the kid just made him realize how thankful Han should be that both their parents were long dead. Strict evangelical conservatives, they would have condemned Han to Hell and back for having a kid out of wedlock. Kylo was just glad that they were dead in general. His life had been a living Hell with them alive. Now, he was free to do whatever he wanted. He did not have to put up with their abuse anymore. “Kylo?” Han’s voice broke him out of his thoughts. The rain really did mess with his body. He zoned out so easily. Kylo shook his shaggy black hair, brining himself back into reality. “Yeah. You want me to pick him up?” Kylo did not mind doing this for Han. He enjoyed the kid’s company, as little as he usually had it. Not only that, it would give him an excuse to get out of the office. It was stuffy, it was raining outside, and Hux would not stop breathing down his neck until he did something. This would just give him an easy way out. “Would you? You can just take him back to the house. I am going to call his baby sitter. And the maids should be there. If the baby sitter is not there yet, they will let you in.” So with a few more pleasantries, he hung up the phone. Kylo stood and grabbed his keys, both his phones, and a couple of files that he still did need to look over. Hopefully, it would stop raining so he could actually get some work done that night. Passing the door, he grabbed his coat and headed over to the other side of the floor to Hux’s office. Being the CEO gave him quite a bit of privacy. The only two offices on the entire floor of the building were his and Hux’s. There was a receptionist area, a luxurious waiting area, and the elevators. Aside from that, there was nothing else. Kylo purposefully had this floor designed that way. Without knocking, knowing that it would piss off Hux, Kylo walked right into the red head’s office. Those angry green eyes shot up, a deep scowl forming on his face. “I am headed out. Lock up my office when you leave would you?” Without hearing the answer, knowing that Hux would do it whether he asked him to or not, Kylo turned and headed out the door. He went down to his private garage on one of the bottom floors. Only the people that worked on his floor were able to park there. Thankfully, he drove the Veyron that day instead of the Harley. He would not want Han, and especially Leia, getting on to him that he got Ben sick. Kylo hopped in, typed in the address of the elementary school into the GPS, and drove into the falling rain. ~’~ Luke decided to move himself and Ben up to the front of the hallway. The rain was still falling, but had lightened up a bit. That was not saying much, considering it had been pouring beforehand. As the two waited, Luke decided to start up a game with the young boy. It was something he had learned to play when he was in primary school. It had to do with adding, so he thought it was good to play with a young student. The two continued to play, Luke checking the clock on his phone every couple of minutes. After about half an hour, the two of them heard the loud engine of a car pull up to the curb. Ben’s head whipped up as though he recognized the sound. And it seemed as though he did because he hopped off the bench. He turned and grabbed his little back pack. “Is that your ride?” Luke asked Ben. He knew Leia’s car and he knew Han’s car. Neither of them, as wealthy as they were, could afford something like that. He did not even want to know how many zeroes were on that check. But the black haired boy nodded enthusiastically. He grabbed Luke’s bigger hand and tugged him towards the entrance. All the while, Luke glanced down at his phone. Han had texted him a description of the car to expect while they were waiting. Han Solo [3:34 p.m.]: Do not be startled at the car. It will be black and white. Probably will be able to hear it from inside the school. Ben will know either way. The kid loves that damn car. Luke just was not thinking it would be this nice. If Luke was right, that was a Veyron. From what he remembered, those could cost up to 3 million. He sighed, walking out through the front doors. He quickly took off his jacket and held it over Ben. The kid knew whoever was driving, that much was obvious. And whoever was driving was filthy rich, unlike Luke, who at the moment could not even afford a new umbrella. The only one he had, he left at his apartment that morning. So he had to embarrass himself as he led Ben out in the rain. He was immediately soaked to the bone as he covered the young man. As he got closer, the driver stepped out of the car, expanding an umbrella. The man was tall, at least 6’3. He was dressed all in black, sleek and extremely wealthy looking; just like his car. He met Luke half way. Expecting him to say something to Luke, the blond smiled. But he simply nodded, barely even catching the others blue eyes. Really, Luke did not even get a good look at him through the rain. All the other male did was gently take Ben away from Luke and lead the other to his car. Luke could hear the boy chatter happily to the man as they walked underneath his large umbrella. Luke frowned. It was probably expensive like everything else. Probably made out of leather or something else stupid like that. Rich people were like that. But Luke could say nothing. He was left out in the pouring rain as the two entered the multi-million dollar car. He blinked water from his thick blond eyelashes, not even trying to shield himself from the pouring rain. He was annoyed and cold as he turned back towards the school. Whoever that man was, Ben was comfortable enough to share excitedly with him. He was not like that with Luke. And whoever that man was, he was incredibly wealthy. Luke hated people that rich. Nothing changed. Nothing ever did change. ~’~ Kylo sat back in the seat as he drove away from the curb. Ben, still excitedly chattering on next to him, was a little damp; but nothing too bad. However, he was not thinking about that. Those striking blue eyes were plastered up in his mind like an I-MAX movie. “Was that your teacher?” He asked Ben. The black haired boy smiled up at him. He gently turned the car onto the freeway, heading to the suburbs where Leia and Han bought their house together. The kid's smile looked as though it were about to split his face in two when Kylo brought up the soaking wet blond he just saw. “Yeah. That is Mr.Skywalker. But everyone calls him Luke because Skywalker is too hard to say.” Obviously it was, considering how Ben stumbled over the name. He was probably the smartest kid in his class and he had a hard time with it. Kylo thought it was kind that Luke gave up that normal piece of power many teachers enjoyed so his students could speak to him. It was rather valiant that he did that for those children. “I see.” Kylo hummed at the information. Luke. It was an appropriate name from what he saw of him. “Light giving”, the meaning fit well. Not only that, but “the author of the third gospel and acts in the third testament”. Kylo did not even know him yet, but a religious name was perfect for a kindergarten teacher. Peaceful, loving, warm; the nicer aspects of religion suited people that were guiding you people through life. “You like Luke? He a good teacher?” Kylo asked as they took the usual exit. He saw Ben nod from the corner of his eye. As Ben continued to talk about his day, Kylo’s mind wandered back to the soaking wet blond he left in the rain. Looking back on that moment, he cringed. It probably was not the best first impression you wanted to give, leaving someone out in the rain like that. But he knew that if he stopped and spoke with him, he may not have wanted to leave. Damn it, he was so gorgeous. Those big blue eyes. Those pouty, full, wet lips. Shit. He fucked up. Kylo groaned, causing Ben to pause and glance up at his uncle. All Ben could think was adults sure were emotional. Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Luke sighed as he walked into his apartment. The damn rain had not let up since it started that afternoon. Luckily for him, the year was making its way into the summer season; the month of April right around the corner. However, he was not one for the constant down pours. Especially when he did not have an umbrella with him. So he stripped off all the soggy clothing as he went, leaving a wet trail from the front door to his kitchen. Walking around in his briefs, Luke grabbed all that was needed to make hot chocolate. Just because it was almost summer did not mean he could not indulge in a wintery treat. He quickly put it together and placed it on the stove so it could cook. Once he was finished with that task, he made his way to his bedroom. Luke grabbed his laptop and then turned back around, heading towards the kitchen once again. He had finances to do. That run in with the millionaire that Ben knew made him think about it, begrudgingly so. Being a kindergarten teacher allowed him to do what he loved, to help children grow and learn about the world around them at a young age. It was what Luke had wanted to do all his life. Yet, it was not the best paying job. He was able to live, sure. But not as well as his sister or Han. Let’s just say he rather enjoyed visiting their house out in the richest neighborhood in the city. He did not, however, like being reminded of the small amount of fortune he had to his name. But finances were a mandatory thing. He placed the computer on the table and plugged the charger into the wall nearbye. Once done with that, he went back over to the stove. It took a couple more minutes for the cocoa to finish, but once it was, he smiled. With a couple of marshmallows on top, he made his way back over to the table and started in on his work. Thirty minutes into his work, Luke stopped and sat up. His cup of cocoa was empty, the marshmallows all gone. Even the rain had slowed down to a simple patter against his windows. All he could think about was that man. That man that picked Ben up from the school. His strange and sharp, yet oddly beautiful face; haunting Luke’s thoughts to the point of obstruction. That long structure. Those big lips, those big eyes. Luke hadn’t been able to tell at the time because of the rain, but it seemed as though the man had freckles. If he could see him again, he would be able to tell with certainty…. “What?” A confused look spread across his face. Why was he thinking about that? Why was he thinking about seeing that guy again? He was rude. Well, he had been rude. He had just passed right over Luke as though he were nothing. It annoyed him, the way that man just ignored him in the rain like that. Of course he liked it that he took care of Ben first, but still. What the hell was his problem? “And what the hell his my problem?” Luke groaned as he threw his face into his hands. There was something seriously wrong with him. Perhaps he hadn’t gotten laid in a while. That had to be it. He needed to go out to a club, find the first guy that looked at him with lust, and let him go to town on his body. That had to be the remedy for what he was dealing with. Why else would he be thinking about that rich bastard? Luke hated condescending assholes like that. But you did not even meet him. Don’t pass judgement before you even know. Luke’s brain was betraying him. But those damn lips. They had been so full and plump. What would they feel like on his skin? What would they feel like pressing hot kisses onto his neck, onto his chest, onto his- NO! The thoughts were cut short when he stood from the chair, his face flushed and a bit of sweat forming on his forehead. He could not be thinking about this. He needed to get laid. Luke could not be thinking about some random ass dude that Han knew. That was just too bizarre. Leaving his finances behind on the kitchen table, Luke walked through his apartment to the shower. That would help. It always helped when he was feeling too horny. Of course! He turned the handle, making sure it was warm enough for the rainy day. Once it was, he stripped and stepped in. At first, it was soothing to his spinning mind. The water falling down his body was like a blessing from above. You know what would be a blessing from above? That guys dick, pounding into your tight ass. His hands looked big. He could probably pick you up, throw you around. Whoever he was, he would probably be rough in bed. Like a beast. Gods, he would fuck you till your legs turned to jelly. He has got to have a big dick. Probably would not be able to sit for weeks. Not after the fucking he would give you. He would carve out his own little place. No one would be able to compare after him. Luke nearly slipped on the tiles. His face became further flushed under the steam. It was really becoming a problem. He was going to have to go out during the night. He had to get this guy out of his mind. ~’~ The next day when Kylo returned to work, everything was rather quiet. He nodded silently to Jane, the brunette woman that worked at the front desk. The man from security who was always standing near her, Kylo did not know his name, was nowhere to be seen. He must have some other duties he was attending to. Good thing was, it was not raining anymore. Whatever being that was controlling the weather decided to give Kylo a break. He was thankful for that. Perhaps he would actually be able to get some work done. As he traveled up to the top floor, his mind wandered. Kylo as glad that when he arrived at Han and Leia’s house the day before, Ben’s young baby sitter was already there. Kylo did not think he could stay any longer for a variety of reasons. The biggest one being he was not in the right frame of mind to be looking after a kindergartener for any period of time. Nope, not at all. The day before, at that period of time, all he could think about was Ben’s teacher Luke. Luke Skywalker. A beautiful name for a beautiful creature. All Kylo had been thinking about since that moment in the rain was that gorgeous blond. He was so small, but so fucking stunning. Those big, confused blue eyes. Kylo cursed under his breath as the elevator dinged, warning him he was at his stop. He got out of the elevator and made his way to his office, his bag slung over his shoulder. The sound of Hux typing on his computer already drifted throughout the private floor. The red head always liked working with his office door open. It was rather strange. I fucked up royally. Kylo thought to himself with a frustrated sigh as he fell into his chair. It was like he was back in high school; when he saw Luke. The blond had just caught him off guard. He was not expecting to see such a beautiful guy teaching his nephews kindergarten class. If anything, he was expecting some frumpy old woman. But when Luke ran out into the rain with Ben at his side, Kylo just fell apart. His brain practically short circuited. He still could not believe he did not offer his umbrella to Luke. Kylo could still see the disbelief in those blue eyes. He is never gonna want to talk to me again. Shit. And just like that, Kylo was not doing work again. His face was in his hands for what seemed like a couple of minutes as he pouted at the predicament he put himself in. But when he glanced up at his desktop, it had been an entire hour and a half. “Shit!” He was pissed, nearly slamming his hands down onto the dark wood of his desk. For a few moments, he took deep heaving breathes. Ideas and thoughts were spinning through his head. Luke really was the most beautiful person he had met recently. He really actually wanted to know him better. But he did not want to seem odd, strange that he would just show up where Luke did. There had to be another way…. There had to be another way so Kylo did not make a fool of himself….. Kylo’s hands suddenly jumped and flew to the keyboard. He typed frantically. -- 10:24 Hux, Come to my office. Kylo Ren, CEO. FirstOrder Corps. -- 10:24 Shit Head Jr., No. I am working unlike you. Brendol Hux Jr. ,Shit Head Jr’s personal assistant. -- 10:25 Carrot Top, Get in here or you are fired. Kylo Ren, CEO of losing my patience. -- Kylo heard the groan before he saw Hux. The red head turned the corner into his office, the usual face full of contempt even this early in the morning. “What?” Yep, he was pissed. But Kylo did not care. He was the boss after all. “I have something that you need to take care off. It will last a while so I will have someone else get your work done while you are doing it.” A confused look broke slightly through the hatred. It was the most emotion that Kylo had seen Hux make in a couple of weeks. That was good though. It meant he was genuinely curious as to what Kylo had in store. “I need you to get information on Luke Skywalker.” The interest was gone. “Is this a rival company worker?” Hux asked as he pulled out his phone. He had to be taking notes. Kylo had seen him do it before. “No.” “Who is he?” “No one that you need to know. I just need you to follow him around. Find things out about him. What he likes to eat, where he likes to go, favorite coffee; you get it.” Hux paused and glanced up. Those green eyes were blank. “Excuse me?” "It is simple really. I want you to follow him, get information on him." Kylo said behind his desk, his fingers holding his chin. The entire right side of Hux's face twitched, rather noticeably as well. Kylo did not care though. He signed Hux's pay check so the red head would do what he told him to do. “Will I get a raise for this little excursion?” Sarcasm dripped from each of Hux’s words. He was mad. He was really mad. Apparently he did not like finding out about a could be booty call for Kylo. “Don’t I pay you enough already?” Hux twitched once again. “30% raise.” It was an immediate response. “5%” Kylo could almost see the fire in those eyes. “20%.” “10%. And I cannot go any higher than that.” Hux paused and took the offer in. Kylo knew though. He knew that the red head would not say no to him. They had known each other for way too long. And the job that Kylo had for Hux was way too good. Finally, the other man groaned. “Damn you.” And like that, he was gone, leaving Kylo with a grin on his face. ~’~ He was finally in a bar. It felt like heaven, knowing that he was going to be able to get laid. He would not have to think about that disgustingly sexy rich asshole. He would not have to think about how his dick was probably huge. Focus Luke! With his chin held high, he stormed over to the bar. He settled himself onto one of the stools and ordered. Finally, FINALLY, he was able to take a breath. It was a sigh of relief. The bartender came back with his drink and Luke was happy to start nursing the beverage. “Now, time to go on the hunt.” Luke chuckled to himself as he glanced around the bar. It was a nice little place that he frequented. Surprisingly enough, it was a coffee joint during the day. Only after 5 did it turn into a bar. He went for both things. However, it seemed like slim pickings that night. There was barely anyone there. “A scotch.” Luke heard an accented voice say besides him. It was delicious, some sort of English isles accent. It felt lucky, he felt lucky. So he turned slowly, not to let the other guy see he was getting checked out. About 3 stools down was a stunning red head. He was tall, far taller than Luke and dressed in a beautiful black coat. It looked nice, the guy was probably loaded. That was a down side. Luke had not wanted to rich guy. But the size of the guy’s hands changed Luke’s mind. So he slid down and sat in the stool next to the man. Before Luke was even able to say anything, the man stood and moved to the other side of the bar. … … … What? That had never happened to Luke before. The entire time, his blue eyes were on the other male. A wave of anger moved over him. What kind of absolutely shitty luck was he having lately? Notes: Hux is such a bastard Notes: We are dying. We are drowning in fic ideas. This is our golden goose egg though. This is going to be a doozy.