Hux could still hear his base collapsing although they were a few kilometers from its position. He did not have the courage to look at it. Ren was asleep in the shuttle. Safe, they got to him just a few seconds before the lava did. It was a little shuttle so he was struck with him in the back while two troopers were flying them towards their ship. It was very difficult to put Ren to rest. Difficult and dangerous. He was mad with rage when Hux and his men found him. Lying in the snow, beaten and dying of hypothermia. He thought that nothing could beat the knight with his powers but apparently only a scavenger from an irrelevant planet and simple trooper can beat him. If he had known he would have kill the man himself, maybe his base would still be functioning and standing if he had done it earlier. Trying to fetch Ren back, Hux brought two troopers to help him. Ren briefly struggled in his arms but the aftershock had drawn up all of this strength. They left rapidly after roughly tending to his wounds. Those troopers were at least more competent than Ren himself. He would think about a reward or something akin for them later. FN-5684 and FN-4271, he would remember that. With Ren fully sedated and taken care by a medical droid, Hux could now think in peace. He made an attempt to conjure up a subject to reflect on but there was so many things to do after the disaster, he could not focus on a particular task. He tried to make plans for what to do later but his mind stayed in a blank state. Hux rapidly fell asleep without wanting it. There was darkness before his brain could made up something. It was a memory. The farthest his head could materialize clearly. There was sound, a scent or even a feeling from before but this one was a day he could contemplate clearly. It was the memory from the first time he put his feet on an actual ground since their exile. There was a time where he grew up on Arkanis but he did not remember any of that. The faint continuous sound of rain resonated in his head when unwanted thoughts wandered to his childhood. What he remembered from that day was the heat, the stifling air, Hux was running in a small street. The ground was dry, he was running carelessly, not looking at people he bumped into. His younger self was excited to explore this new planet after living so long in a ship that he lost track of time. His skin burned easily under the sun, so he rarely spent time outdoors. He was always a little fragile when he was little, too short, too bony, a runt before a sudden spurt at the age of fourteen. Hux preferred to study the tactical approach to combat. His caretakers thought he was a weakling to be eaten later in life. Even his father, even if he did not say it explicitly, he recognized the disappointment in his eyes. He proved them wrong. It was a flea market rather poor, full of merchants trying to sell him various things. The memory was too old for him to remember why he left his parents this day. He did not bring anything back, what they proposed was nothing of value for him. There was a female alien that caught his attention. She had kind smile, grey skin, her features were blurry when he tried to remember. She found him cute and never saw him before on her planet. He was stupid and placed his trust in her. Never believe anyone. Life was a great teacher and the Academy gave him the lesson. And more recently that traitor FN-2187 gave him another example. He trusted his father’s work and to an extent his own but even that did not pay. No, it worked perfectly. His men were more competent than the precedent generation and even stronger that the clones. FN-2187 was just an exception. A life among thousands was not a proof of anything. It was not the end of all. “…will come and save you!” He heard a voice ringing like an alarm. Was it her who told him that? Or was it one of his fantasies during his youthful days. The only person who could save him was himself. Which he did, he came over the top, a respected general with a powerful weapon. He may not have the body for that but he trained hard until his body was fit for combat. Until he could beat all of them. And because his body was not his sole weapon, he sharpened his mind too. Now, he ruled over all of them. Until someday a mysterious knight appeared in his life. Hux did not like his appearance at all. His brain had decided to replay the most irritating moments in his life. If he had to pick a recent event, his first meeting with Ren came at the top. Until the base’s destruction today. He had trusted Snoke and Snoke trusted Ren. He did not have any choice but to welcome him on the Finalizer. He felt a phantom ache in his jaw when the scene from that day started to form in his mind. The Upsilon -class ship that Snoke had offered to his apprentice landing on the platform, all painted black with bat-like wings like a design made by a child who wanted to show he was an obscure wizard. It was inspired from those old Imperial Shuttles from special-ranked lords such as Vader or the late Emperor himself. He only understood later where that design come from. However, on that day, for Hux it looked pretentious, maybe that was the color as if he wanted to paint everything black and dark , like the knight himself, just for the show, he bet. The wings were especially a weak point, they big, noticeable, ridiculous, thus easy to spot for his enemies but the shuttle proved to be useful, leading more than one successful missions. A dark hooded figure emerged from the ship, biting the inside of his cheeks and forcing himself to stop gritting his teeth, Hux approached to welcome… No, remembering their first meeting was just annoying. Hux forced himself to wake up. That idiot was still asleep deeply. Ren looked strangely innocent when he slept, no lines nor frown, he appeared much younger than his actual age. Hux remarked that he did not even know what was Ren age was, it must be on his file, he did not care to memorize it. Hux realized that this was his chance to look at Ren this near. On the rare instance where he could see him without his mask, Ren was always flinching away, hiding his face. He expected to see an old man disfigured by the Force experiments or whatever the likes of him was doing. However, the first time he saw his face, it was not what he expected at all. Hux came unannounced during one of his meetings with Snoke, mostly when the knight did something compromising. It surprised Ren, weakened him and it was rewarding for Hux, he had the advantage in those situations. His little revenge for having to put up with the man all day. That day he did not have his mask on him. Ren turned away, trying to conceal his face but it was useless. It was Hux who was surprised by Ren’s youthful and unscarred face. Hell, he had come to understand why he was wearing this mask. It gave him more authority than the child-like face he harbored. Hux was rather young himself, he had known some dissident to his authority due to his age. Ren did not even look evil with his real face, he looked like a lost child. Big eyes with an incongruous look, pouty lips and a huge nose which fitted in the whole ensemble. Everything in the man was grossly exaggerated from his appearance to his behavior. His emotions were always magnified by a hundredfold. In a complete opposition to Hux preference for a cold and logical approach. He also looked at himself in the glass, his limited circle told him once that he possessed a delicate and calculated appearance. He spent hours in front of his glass to dress his hair. Appearance made everything in life, his excellent physical traits must reflect his state of mind. A harmonious spirit in a good body. Snoke found him someone who was his complete opposite. The second thing he noticed was his throat. He did not know what kind of compulsory took over his body but he saw his hands reaching for the man’s throat. It was like a holo. He was outside looking over the shoulder, watching himself crouching over Ren’s unconscious body. Long fingers carefully sliding over his throat. Just there, he would be avenged. Ren was cold, his chest making tiny movements and his breath calm but uneven. Hux was surprised at his touch, it was light, he was trembling. It would be so simple, it would resolve all of his problems. He tried to press down but his hands won’t close up around his throat. He could not summon any murderous intents so he stayed here, feeling Ren’s soft skin against his. His cold body calmed down the rage he felt inside of him. Was he sad for Ren? That was ridiculous, he simply watched five planets be destroyed by his weapon, billions of people died under his simple command. People could break easily. Made with nothing but stars’ dusts. They were the enemy. He did to them what they would do to the First Order. One man’s life won’t make any difference for Hux. Especially Ren. He’s just afraid of what Snoke’s consequences if something happened to Ren. That was all. His skin was soft under the fabric, less fragile than Hux’s. Ren’s neck was huge, warm, surrounded by thick hair. You could bury you face in it to feel warm. That day must be wearing on him, he surprised himself with those unsolicited thoughts. He bit his lips and retired his hands. He could not let his instincts rule him. Full pouting lips and big eyes. Of course, there was his big nose and unkempt greasy hair and now a huge injury which crossed his face. But strangely, it did not affect in anything of his beauty. It took time to fully appreciate Ren’s appearance. He was not in typically good looking, but there was charm that you only discover after carefully analyzing him. When he finally let go Ren’s hand caught him and held on tightly. “Trying to kill me General?” Came a raspy breathless voice. “You should have left me on the base then.” “Let go of me.” He ordered. Definitely not showing his surprise to Ren. “Why didn’t you?” Ren insisted, Hux looked at him after trying to find escape in this shuttle. Was he trying to run away? No, Ren was not worth it. “If I did so, I would be in trouble with Supreme Leader Snoke. It is him who ordered me to save you. If it was me, true, I would let you back there.” “It is finally your lust for me that saved my life. You are full of surprises, General.” He said with a cocky smile. Hux jolted back with all of his strength. “Lust?” Hux laughed but there was no humor in it. He grabbed Ren’s face and pierced him intently with his eyes. To make him understand, he will listen to Hux for once. He could feel the knight’s soft breath against his lips, like a caress. His hands squeezed his face with anger. “Are you so apart from this world that you thought that for one second I could lust after you. Or maybe you’re right, I do, you’re not undesirable Ren. But listen to this Kylo Ren: I despise you, you destroy people’s lives easily as you destroy my rooms. That’s the only talent you’ve showed me. I am tired of keeping up with your interests. In case you have not noticed, people who surrounds you are easily affected. Or maybe you should ask Skywalker to have a little taste of what I’m feeling right now?” Ren was also fixing him, his eyes were a little bit stunned, tired and he could read a tiny mixture of apprehension. If he could make the powerful and mysterious master of Knights of Ren be frightened of him, then great, maybe Ren would actually listen to him today. “Don’t ever mention Skywalker or any of the likes of him in front of me again. Do you understand?” Ren growled in a low-pitched voice. “Not since today.” “What happened? Your pride was wounded because you were beaten by a random stranger?” Hux could not help himself but using sarcasm with the man. It was truly a long day. “I killed my father. I don’t want to think about this anymore.” “And it took to the Resistance to destroy in less than an hour my whole life. And before that, I’ve destroyed five planets with billions of lifeforms on it. You think you are so special? You are not the only one with problems Ren.” Ren was silent, he had not obviously thought about that, selfish as he was. Hux had decided to end this conversation, his head felt like it was about to explode. “Sleep, Ren.” Ren was too much in shock to actually disobey him. He ordered the medic to inject him with a tranquilizer. When the shuttle arrived at the Finalizer, a medical team was already waiting for them. Ren was still unconscious when they transported him and the two stormtroopers accompanied him as Hux asked. A few officers followed by stormtroopers came to support him. “Sir, do you need any medical assistance?” “No, it’s fine. We have to work. I don’t have the time to rest.” To his credit, the stormtrooper was intelligent enough to not question him. He walked directly to his quarters, ignoring the questioning and accusing looks from the other officers. He could feel their cold stare at him, their bewildering at the base destruction, there was a few who were more sympathetic too. When he reached his quarters and locked the doors, Hux collapsed directly into his bed without thinking at anything at all. He decided to take a short nap. There were still no updates from Snoke. For the next two days, Hux worked on the reports, Ren was not around, surely in the infirmary, which Hux was grateful for. He could ease and concentrate on his tasks more freely. There were a lot of damages: 40% of the fleet was damaged, more than 20% of the troops were lost or it was severe enough to take months to recover everything. Lots of men, ships and weapon were still missing, the reports from various officers were endless. It was up to him to collect and analyze everything. Hux had to think about the speech, if he gave up now that would be demotivating for his troops. His position would be jeopardized, worse they could lose the war. It’s unthinkable, not after everything. He had to make an announcement in the week, if he delayed people would start to question everything, to make assumptions, wrong ideas have to be killed and rapidly. The best and optimal day would be tomorrow. They have recovered enough and secured their position into the Unknown Regions, people had accepted the situation, it was time to move forward. Trying to analyze the situation, there was an evidence that came first: if he wanted to finish all of the reports, he’ll have to improvise the speech. That won’t be a huge issue, the best speeches were always improvised, more sentimental, more “alive”. People are more invested in them. Hux started to write down the mains ideas and structure it. He added a few sentences here and there but the result was floppy. It was still better than nothing. Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux’s sleep was interrupted by multiple bouts of insomnia. When he woke up much earlier than usual, he tried to work but the headache kept him from fully devoting himself to the task. He could feel something crawling in his stomach, his heart felt heavy, Hux could not help but feeling anxious about the base’s destruction. He should not let himself be overcome by sentimentality. He will track and find the Resistance. He will crush all of them the same way they reduced his work into nothingness. He kept repeating this mantra in his head until he believed in it. Until it rang true. He heard the particular sound of the task droid, it always came precisely at 0800 to deliver him breakfast with the usual greeting. The morning came more rapidly than he realized. The speech was scheduled at 0900 precisely. It gave him exactly one hour to finish up all the preparations, picking up his clothes, showering… no, no time for that. He had to do a rehearsal before the broadcasting. This is sort of pit in his stomach prevented him from sleeping during the night, now gave him no appetite, it did not matter he didn’t want to eat anyway. It was Snoke’s absence that gnawed him. Multiple questions popped in his mind: Why Snoke had not contacted them yet? What of Ren? When is he going to train? Where? What of the Order now? And more importantly, with the base construction he had to think of another before the Resistance could hit him directly again. His position was jeopardized in the Order, he could feel it as such. They will blame him the base’s destruction since Ren was on a completely different jurisdiction. The First Order had no interest, or rather tried to avoid as much as possible any business with the Knights of Ren. Maybe that was because of the whole mystical stories that surrounded them, all of the imperials wanted to leave them to Snoke’s. He knew how to deal with them. Nevertheless, Hux needed to know the exact details himself. On how it happened, Ren was a powerful knight and he killed his father easily. Normally he could have won easily, Hux wanted to know the exact why. He wanted to talk to him as professional knight of Ren or not, that was their mission to eliminate the Resistance and they failed. He had to discuss of this failure just in case if this should happen again. He received an information on Ren’s status when he thought about him. There must be some weird of conspiracy. Hux sighed loudly when he read the report: when he woke up from surgery, the pain made him lose his temper, they had to move him in Hux’s since the room integrity was compromised. Other MedBays were crowded with the base’s survivors. Yes, send him discreetly to my quarters, that would be good. He sent back. “Sir, we must inform you that the preparations are ready. The announcement you’ve planned will begin in ten minutes.” That was a trembling voice, surely a cadet. The time had passed without him even noticing it. Hux felt angry with himself for not paying attention. He followed the cadet into the record room. The droid greeted him and indicated his place. The room was a little bit dark with a piercing light in front of a red curtain with the First Order insignia on it. There was a few Stormtroopers guarding the room. However, there were no officers apart a few cadets who were here to learn a lesson on propaganda. The droid informed him of time: only ten seconds from now. Hux took a deep breath. The droid recorder was now connected to every ship, broadcasting him live. “It is true! The treacherous Resistance had destroyed our base. Killing our men and transforming years of hard work into dust. As the empire before us, we will rise again. It is now the time for us to move! Let show them that despite our lost we are still united against corruption! The Republic had been destroyed, it is time to act! To show them a new order! Where everyone had equal opportunity, that actually cares about its people! We might have lost our base but we will stay strong!” The droid had disconnected. Hux sighed and wiped the sweat. He had to go to his quarters completing the reports. He managed to make three steps before his vision was clouding and his legs giving out under his weight. He only registered the screams of the cadets in the room before succumbing to the dark. The first thing he saw was a piercing blue-white light. He blinked in pain. There was a huge mass pounding in his head. The speech… then, what happened? A med-droid came up. “Sir, you are currently residing in the MedBay-0G1” No shit… Hux could not move, it felt like his body was crushed under a rancor. “I made a speech then I collapsed right?” He cursed himself for being so weak. Collapsing in front of cadets after his biggest failure was shameful. You fucking idiot… There was an impulse that tingled his hands. They urged to move and slap him across the face. You fucking useless weakling. He cursed this weak body that could not even hang on a little bit. The same one that caused him so much trouble when he was younger. “Yes, after analyzing your symptoms, I have concluded that your body could not support the stress you’ve been exposed to. I recommend you to take a vacation and eliminate the source of this anxiety. I could prescribe you something but for now, I would rather have you to relax naturally.” Drugs could compromise his mental functions. He could not permit it, not right now. “What can I do to “relax”?” “I advise you to take your time or change ideas, maybe you should go home?” Home? That was funny. Ha. The base was his home, he had devoted his entire life into his base, that was his planet. “You should stay here for the next twenty-four hours for further observation.” Hux exhaled and raised from the bed, facing the droid. “Bring me my datapad.” The droid tried to reason with him. “Sir, in your condition…” An ache was already weighing in his head, the droid only made it worse. “Bring it! I am the only one who know my body, understand? I am ready to stay here for the next twenty-hours if I can work. Ask for my datapad.” “Very well sir.” The droid attention was taken from him by muffled screams. “I’m sorry, Lord Ren needs me.” Ren? That’s right, he was kept apart from the others for safety. Hux’s personal quarters were used for that purpose since Ren destroyed his. The droid reached Ren, the curtain was lifted when it passed nearby, Hux caught briefly a sight of Ren. Bandages recovered his lower body entirely, there was on his head too. “Sir, please, calm down, you are just having a nightmare. It is not real.” His movements were chaotic, twirling everywhere in the air like he was fighting a monster. When the droid came to him, he gripped it and debated in its arms. Hux could identify some words behind his incoherent wailings. He could hear the word “Father” then “Monster”, maybe a “Sorry”. Definitely a “sorry”. That’s right, he killed Han Solo. His father. Apparently, it affected him more than he would admit. Ren was a sentimental fool. There was a painful groan then Hux heard. “Force… Get out.” The droid complied and left him, Hux could guess that happened before for the droid to obey him without objection. Ren caught a glance at him and frowned. “That’s right, you collapsed.” He said when the droid left the room. “I felt it through the Force.” “Good then maybe you could feel through the Force that I need my rest now.” Except that now he woke up, Hux was too restless to sleep. His mind wandered the Bridge, he needed a comlink. “I watched your speech, you know?” He had not doubted it, Hux made sure that everyone had to see his day-to-day recommendations. The only exception was the bathroom, and yet. “You actually look better before and your speeches weren’t this short and so… direct.” “What do you think happened? Why do you think I’m here right instead of working towards the Resistance’s destruction?” Hux watched him, the curtain separating Ren and himself was half-way drawn, leaving the knight’s head popping out in his view. Damn it, who got the idea of making academy-like medbays ? “Starkiller’s destruction was not my doing.” “Yes. Sure it was not your fault but you could have prevented it. If you had controlled your sentimental urges.” Hux could not help but bark at him. He thought that he told everything on the shuttle that day. He was wrong, it was boiled up inside of him. Threatening to explode at any moment. “Anyway, it’s useless to argue. It is not you who have to pick up the broken pieces.” His voice broke, a fire rising in his lungs when he had finished. His eyes burned, a sudden fire devouring his throat, he could not let Ren see him like this, that man was not worth it. Hux turned his head to the side, to face the wall and avoid Ren’s scrutinizing gaze. This endless week had affected his self-control ability. Come on, you’re stronger than this. Breathe. Focus on something. “I am sorry.” Ren murmured, there was a mockery of innocence in his tone that irritated Hux. Especially when it sounded too true. “There’s nothing you could do now. Concentrate on your future training with Supreme Leader Snoke.” Hux said after swallowing the pain in his throat and massaging his head. He did not like to have his men unmotivated, especially not Ren who would be sulking for days at best, destroying a panel a worst. So Hux managed to say something motivating for him, something that he had to work with. “Become strong. You’ll beat all of them. Avenge us.” “I never suspected you to be the type of person who would believe in me.” Ren said, moving forwards his head to him. Hux was sure that Ren could see the swollen eye bags and the red tint he took. “I do not. However, I do recognize that you do possess an impressive amount of power and that could be turned into our advantage. But…” Hux paused to think on the right words. “But what?” He looked intrigued. “I would say that you lack discipline.” He said after a few seconds of reflection. That sounded right. “My father used to say that having steel is not good enough. You have to transform it into a sword for it be effective. And for that you need an objective. Ren, you are just crude steel and I hope that the supreme leader will polish it. And I gave you the objective.” If he had to compare Ren to sword, his lightsaber would be the exact metaphor: it lacked refinement, unstable and wild. Self-destructive, unstoppable, wild, so wild... “It helped you.” It wasn’t a question but a statement. Ren’s powers granted him the access of his mind. “Don’t worry, I would not go where you would not be at ease. I’ll stay to the surface, we are not close enough for me to go deeper.” Hux did not really care about Ren’s abilities. He had nothing to hide, he had erased everything compromising. There was nothing worth to remember. True, having an objective had truly helped him. But there was no one who polished him, no one but his rage, thirst for revenge. Life was a good bladesmith. However, to make a good blade you have to melt the steel, mold it, work on it adding something here and there. Having an objective, to take back what was rightfully his, that was kept him alive in his younger days. “Anger and hatred. That what fuels my strength, it kept my blood warm. What Skywalker believed in was weakness. He all gave us the proof we needed. He ran away when his precious Jedi Academy was destroyed by me.” He was right about hatred, that what makes a good blade. It fortified it, solidify his aim and crushed his weak compassion. “Had Snoke contacted you?” Hux decided to change the conversation. “I don’t think he is the type who would let a medical leave foils his plans.” “You’re right. But he had not, I can sense him being preoccupied. In fact, the mere fact I could sense him means that his attention is being taken elsewhere. Normally, it is him who knows everything about me.” Ren deviated his attention from him, lost in his own thoughts. “Do you know anything about him?” Hux thought that was a little bit curious the nature of their relationship. But he was the master, and him the student, that kind of thing was normal, right? And apparently Ren was his favorite for a long time now, he expected it to be more informal. That happened frequently at the Academy, the favoritism, sponsoring from the teacher to the best students to get the best posts. Ren was made Master of the Knights, such title surely had its importance. Which made another question invade his mind… “Was it like that with Skywalker?” Ren frowned suddenly assuming defensive position, putting the blankets over his shoulders again. That’s right, Skywalker was a no-go zone. “No, I’ll be honest. I know what was needed to know. The Supreme Leader is wise.” He said carefully, pronouncing at each syllable of the sentence then lowered his voice to a point where it was nearly a whisper. “No, it was not like that with Skywalker.” Hux wanted to know more, he never understood his relationship with Snoke. Ren’s distressing attitude got his curiosity up. He bit the inside of his lips, concluding it was too risky to dig further. Ren’s history was none of Hux’s business. It was better to stay away from Ren and his personal issues, it was safer to keep distance than getting involved. On the other hand, it was the Resistance who destroyed his base, led by General Organa, his mother. Ren preferred to chase some emotional crusade with the traitor and the girl rather than secure the base. Hux could not let him do that again either. No matter what, this galaxy always depended on Ren’s connections. If he wanted to rule it someday, he had to do something. Another droid came with his datapad. Ren was silent, surely resting. He had not bothered to verify if this was true or not. Hux worked until his stomach growled, he tried to ignore it. When the droid brought them the lunch, Hux could no longer pretend he was not hungry. Ren had already woken up and opened his part. Despite being synthesized, the smell of dinner got the better of him. He thought that Ren would eat like a child, spilling his food everywhere but he was surprisingly calm and collected when he ate. He cut into little parts and took his time to chew on his food. “Don’t take me for a rogue either. I have some manners.” “I said nothing. Do not make assumptions.” Hux remembered the question he wanted to ask Ren. He did so immediately just in case if he would forget it again. “What happened on the base? I want the exact details.” “I fail to see why you are so concerned by this. You cannot change the past General.” Hux bit the inside of his cheeks in frustration, he would not let Ren win this time. “Of course not. But this is still my base. I think I deserve to know what happened back there, the exact details. I mean, I know when to recognize incompetence and you do not strike me as a weak fighter, so tell me . What happened ?” Hux made an effort to pronounce every syllables in the last sentence, just in case Ren played dumb again. Ren stopped to eat abruptly and put down his fork in silence. He paused for a few second before telling him. His voice half a whisper, head turned to the side. “The girl escaped, using the Force and after our meeting with the Supreme Leader I searched for her.” His dark fell down and covered his face. Hux could only distinguish the movements of his lips and the tip of his nose. “I was on the Bridge. Han Solo was there.” Hux heard him inhaling deeply, he licked his lips before continuing. “He begged me to come... home . Ha. He was foolish, weak like his son and that was his last mistake.” This was good, Ren did not waste time with useless details. “I killed him. Impaled him through the heart and watched his body falling into the abyss.” Ren lifted his head fixing the ceiling. His eyes were glassy, Ren was lost in his own thoughts. “It’s funny… For the first time, he looked so light, almost transparent, so fragile. It was the first time I saw m… Han Solo like that.” “The wookie shot me with his bowcaster in revenge and hit me in the stomach. That’s why I was too weak to fight the traitor and that girl. You know the rest.” “That was an incredibly boring story made of bad circumstances.” Hux concluded then he heard Ren chuckling, a wicked smile appearing on his face. That same face from the shuttle when he caught him. Hux hated that face. “I want something in return. The truth, I can sense if you’re lying. “Tell me something personal too. Maybe your childhood.” “And tell me why would I do that?” They were not friends so it was not any of Ren’s business. “I answered your questions truthfully. I can have mine now. I’ll try to answer yours in the future. It’s what you wanted right? For a better collaboration.” Hux did not understand how telling his childhood’s tales would improve the situation. His reasoning for this discussion overly simple almost innocent. Ren knew how to make a deal, a quality he had not expected from him. He wondered where he got that talent from. He made a good bargain. Fine, he can have it, it was fair play. Hux tried to think about a story that would not be too embarrassing, or compromising. “I had a normal childhood, a mother at home, a father who devoted his life to the Order. We had a good income and savings…” “Something interesting.” Hux frowned. What an annoying child, his parents must have suffered when he was reclaiming stories, if they did not own a droid specializing in this duty. Though he did not doubted that Han Solo and Leia Organa must have filled him lies of the Republic. Hux tried to think about “something interesting”. “There was a female alien I met once. I must have been younger than ten.” That picked Ren’s interest, he nodded to encourage him. It was rare for Hux to talk about his childhood, to reflect on it at all. “She was a seer, maybe one of your kind.” Hux referred Force-sensitives, as if each of them was of the same family. Like a big conspiracy. Maybe that was the truth. It was after all, not his world. He did not trust what he did not know. There was a time where he wished to have this power when he heard tales about Vader and the Emperor. They could help him back then, a weapon to crush his enemies with nothing but the power of the mind. It was too late to have regrets about this now. He had his intellect to construct his own weapon and had destroyed his enemies. The power of the mind, he built it himself. Hux could say that made him braver than Ren who had this innate power from birth. “I asked her about my future. The Galaxy that was promised to me.” His voice faltered when he tried to remember correctly. Ren was staring at him intently, like fascinated by his story. “Those foolish dreams that every child has, to be a prince in a shiny armor or a knight that will the save world.” “Did she answer your question? Un… Skywalker said that the future was always in motion, hard to predict it is. I used to predict some minor events before they happen, you know.” He declared proudly with a chuckle. Used to? “She said that I’ll save nothing but instead a knight will save me. Save me from what, I don’t know.” She was cryptic like all sorcerers were. No light would shine on his armor, but a light buried inside there will be, you’ll discover it but only himself could make it truly shine again. He still could not understand a word of her incongruous tale. “She said that I’ll only destroy worlds but my …offspring I think? Will save it. I don’t remember the rest. I only tried to forget everything but it came back only now. It’s all garbage.” Hux put the trail on the side and turned his attention back to his work. “An offspring? Are you married?” “Of course not. However, I do recall that my father had thought about it when I was little, one of the few imperial family who were close to us after the war.” They cancelled the plans, if there was one, when both of the families grew distant from each other from personal issues. He could not even remember if they were close willingly or that was expected from them. Hux decided to ask him the same question before Ren could learn about the reasons. “And you Ren? Do you have someone special?” He knew that Ren had nobody. People feared him more than knew him actually. And what kind of person could actually entertain the idea of having a relationship with Ren of all people. “My entire life is devoted to Snoke.” Ha. Hux was sure this sounded better in Ren’s head than aloud. “Since the beginning of my training, my life does not allow for distraction.” That was something that Hux could relate. He had decided to rule the Galaxy because that was his destiny. To hell that woman and her stupid predictions. Maybe he’ll need an heir someday then he would have plenty of opportunity to do so when he’ll become emperor. The rest of the day passed in a blur. Ren tried to ask more questions about his life which had no spectacular answers. He graduated, participated in several programs such as the construction of the base and the Stormtroopers program, specializing in the combat training. Those answer seemed to bore Ren who grew silent over the time. Dinner came and a few check-ins from the med-droid. He would be released tomorrow morning and Ren stepped in, wanting to be released too. The droid took its time to explain that his condition was more serious than Hux’s. When the droid finally left, Ren pouted at him and covered himself under the covers. He acted like a kid whose brother had the better toy and he wanted one too. The scene was really comical. It eased this journey and the evening came sooner than anticipated. For once, when he was having a deep, good sleep without dreaming of anything in particular, and that was more than good. It was of course interrupted, he heard Ren screaming again. He tried to ignore the knight maybe the droid would come and calm him before he could wet the bed. He tried to ignore it, letting the fatigue invade his body and sleeps winning over Ren. He waited for a few seconds. And more. The droid was nowhere in sight. Hux could not wait for the droid any longer. He often congratulated himself for his patience but he really needed to sleep now. Ren’s anguish would normally cause him to rejoice but this night that was troublesome. He heard him scream the same words as this morning about his father. He wondered if Ren knew, he did beyond doubt. If that caused him so much sorrow, why would he even do it. That imbecile was craving for pain. It weighed on his mind, weakening him. Hux get out of the bed carefully, his bare feet shivered at the cold ground. He hated the cold. Hux came and drew the curtains. Ren was chaotic, agitating his head violently. Flailing his arms in a protective stance. His hair was damp with sweat but he could see tears on his cheeks, falling down on his hair. There was a risk if that continued, his wounds would open up again. The Supreme Leader needed his apprentice to be in perfect condition. As Hux was charged with the task of bringing him back, he felt it was his duty to keep Ren in good shape. And if the better he was feeling, the sooner he would leave. He put his hands on his shoulders and chest, trying to kept him motionless on the bed or at the very last, less volatile. Ren was still screaming but the contact toned down his screams, his movements were also less erratic. Ren surely wanted to hear some bleeding heart words that would appease his tormented mind. Maybe he would finally shut up and let Hux having his rest. He took Ren’s struggling hand in his squeezed lightly, not wanting to deal with an angry Ren if his sleep was interrupted. He thought about the words but his mind could not come with anything. He, the General who made speeches every day. That was weak from him. But of course he could not. He was not Han Solo. He did not know how the man would have reacted. Kind words were not Hux do. He breathed deeply and said the first words that came to his mind, if he were Han Solo, or Snoke, was the supreme leader even aware of this? Certainly, he did. What can I say? O r someone that actually cared about Ren’s well-being. The mind also played on the physical conditions of a human being. That was why he made speeches in the morning: to motivate the troops, to have them in the best of their conditions. “It’s alright, you could never disappoint me." He murmured softly, not thinking about anything to say in particular. His right hand covering Ren’s and soothing it like a mother to her child. Ren breathing was slowing down, his screams lessened. He did not even make any sounds, just tiny whispers like a prayer. Hux leaned on to listen but he could not identify anything. Maybe a “forgive me” that was repeated endlessly. That fool. He should not care about those things about being “right” or “wrong”, or even feeling guilt. That sort of thing would eat him alive. Life was only made of the strong and the weak, caring for someone was useless. It would not change anything, it won’t make him stronger. Hux found his tail of thoughts ironically close to one those old jedi doctrine. Ren won in the end but he did not gain anything. As if he was trying to relieve his pain, Hux caressed each of his long fingers delicately. He was exploring every parsec of his skin as it was an ancient map. He found the gesture strangely comforting and grimaced at it. He felt at peace, in this moment this simple act lifted the weight on his shoulders. He could forget for a few seconds his duties and concentrate and this hand. That must be one of Ren’s Force powers leaking on him and poisoned his mind. It was a nice distraction. When Ren calmed down completely, Hux returned to his bed without a word. Putting the blankets over him, Hux tried to sleep but the adrenaline from the earlier event prevented it. He turned away from the wall and faced Ren’s back. The regular breathing movements made a good exercise to count and pass time. He fell asleep again with the sight of Ren’s back ingrained in his mind. He’ll leave this place and return to his duty and Ren to his training. Everything would be back to normal tomorrow. Notes: I had no time to say something when I first posted it but the title was inspired by a soundtrack, I thought it might fit them so I modified it a little bit. "Those women who longed for the touch of other's lips, and thus invited their kisses." Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux left in the morning, packed his clothes and datapad. Ren was still asleep, he still had nightmares but they were tamer than before. He did not know why, but he smiled wistfully at the thought. He headed for the bridge, not without hearing the droid’s recommendations for his health that he forgot soon as it left. Everyone in the bridge had something to do. The sight of it reassured Hux, it gave him something to focus on. He had a place on his ship. Everything was in order. An officer came to him. “Sir, there’s a holo message awaiting for you, it is quite urgent.” “Dismissed.” Hux walked in a hurry to his personal quarters. It may be Snoke who will give updates on the situation and when he’ll take Ren to complete his training. It was a disappointment when he found that wasn’t Snoke but a message from the First Order itself. Of course, Snoke would not talk to him without Ren first. It was from another officer, graying, piercing grey eyes. Admiral Veram. He remembered him from his earlier days in the order. There weren’t particularly close but that was someone he respected. He fought in the battle of Endor and been present when the Executor had collapsed. He barely escaped with most of the troops he could assemble at the time. Hux’s father did not trust him. In fact, Veram had been one of those that mocked his project of an army raised from birth. Who was laughing now. Ha. He opened his comlink and waited for the The message was forthright and quite short. “ General Hux, given the recent loss we’ve suffered, we cordially invite you to our next meeting on Ujod-3 to discuss of further plans for the sake of our Order’s rebirth. The meeting is scheduled in next week, in the planet’s Academy. You can contact us if you need further information.” Next week. That was little time given. It wasn’t much of an invitation than Ren is a professional and sane human being. He had to attend to this meeting, they need to formulate another plan before the Resistance could move. Maybe a new approach could benefit all of them. Hux had bought them a little time with the destruction of the Republic. He needed to be there, the thought of them taking a decision without him being present filled him with dread. No, they’ve contacted me. I am one the most important figures, they can’t do it without me. Many men would take the opportunity to advance their ranks within the Order. Hux must be here to show them, he was still player in that bet. If not, he was assured that one of them could use his absence to denigrate him and eliminate him at the first opportunity. That was something he did to get here. He had to talk with Snoke, if there was a meeting, he must be informed of. It added more work on him, between the reports of the base’s destruction and now that. Choosing among the profiles, selecting a competent officer who could replace him. Phasma could do it but the administrative side of the Order was not her area. Ren was out of question without even considering it. And he had his training with Snoke. Closing the message, Hux returned to his reports, trying to finish them on time. He decided to take a break when his eyes were sore, an ache reforming in his head. Hux closed the panel and decided to take a walk, stretching his legs for a little bit to ease the tingling in his legs. His men relayed between sleeping hours but there was always a time where everything was calm without a sound. It was usually late in the galaxy timeline. He had the impression that the lights were also dimer, less aggressive. There was no update on the bridge, they were currently retreating further back in the outer rims. Hux had considered to join other Generals but they would have to wait for the meeting in Ujod-3. Instead of reaching the bridge, Hux decided to do some sports in the gymnasium. There was a common room at each parsec of the ship and even bigger ones when special programs for Stormtroopers were needed. The training room was scheduled to give each of the members of the ship to required time to train. Everyone had their special slot according to their ranks and training. Some people can book for a private hour but Hux did not have the time to do that lately. Today was supposed to be a day off. That meant the room was empty. Hux preferred to train alone, an old leftover from his Academy days. He always had been a loner, people were unpredictable, he had never been good at training with them. The thought of training with someone was nauseating. When the door opened he heard a clinging of weapon against another and the sound of a training droid. There was a white light crashing against another, deflecting its blasts. Nonetheless he came to investigate. Nobody was more surprised than Hux to find Ren deflecting the attacks of the droid at this hour. “I expected you to do something less exhausting, you are still in convalescence.” He voiced loudly to announce his presence. Ren continued his activity without acknowledging him. Ignoring Ren trying to ignore him, Hux walked carefully towards him. “In fact, you weren’t supposed to leave the infirmary.” The droid charged at him and Ren lifted it in the air with a clean movement of his arm. Hux saw the droid crumpling on itself as if some kind of invisible hand crushed it like it was a mere toy made of glass. Hux noticed the sword in Ren’s hand. The typical grey color of the blade indicated a proto-saber. The First Order had manufactured something akin to a lightsaber, inspired by the old archives of the empire. However, they lacked the proper resources and those industrialized weapons broke easily under pressure. They were also much heavier than a simple blaster. They did not produce those prototypes anymore, preferring to focus their resources on developing more effective weapons. Stormtroopers relied only on cannons and hand-to-hand combat, they were less expensive and could reach their enemy easily, that made those weapons much more efficient. “I was bored in their room since you left, besides, I hate that place.” Ren was approaching him and stood up to his level. “You wanted to see me?” No he did not, but there was an invisible conspiracy on this ship that wanted Hux to meet Ren everywhere he went. He ignored Ren’s arrogant-ass comment. “Truth to be told, I came here to maintain my physical condition but I would not dare to disturb you in your training.” He prepared to leave the room when he heard Ren again. “No wait.” Curiosity got the better of him, Hux was at the tip of the opened door, he stepped back and simply watch the door closing smoothly. “I want to see you train. Come here.” Hux fixed the door, his mind blank. The implication of his passiveness just dawned on his mind. He would not let Ren the pleasure of coming to him when he was out of control like this, weak and potentially losing control of his instincts. “You’ve never been to a real battle, aren’t you?” It sounded like Ren was mocking him and Hux could not let that go freely. Fine, if Ren wanted a battle against him, he’ll have it. All he needed to do was to rely on some strategy. He turned up Ren was tilting his head and observing him like an experiment. A smile came up on his face, thought Hux could not detect the source of such expression. He walked upstairs then leaned far longer than acceptable for Hux. His voice quiet down when his mouth approached his face, smooth, barely a whisper when he finished. “You’re ruthless but when you are on the battlefield everything become much more personal.” Ren’s eyes had a passion in them, a constant storm in those dark eyes. “Do you take me for a child? I will have you know that Combat training was a requirement in the Academy.” “There’s a difference between hypothetical and the real battlefield. Algorithms do not define the hearts of men.” He sounded surprisingly wise in the moment. A sort of impulse took a hold of Hux, plagued him with undesired thoughts. His mind went to the Medbay incident, of Ren’s nightmares, the reflect of the unconscious part of his mind, of his heart. Then, what of your heart, Ren? What does it say? And what of Hux’s own. He left it long ago, squished it to forge his ambition. Sentimentality was getting in the way of what he really wanted. Fortunately, Ren did not appear to catch those thoughts and went on his explanations. “I’ve never been a good student wherever I was, I’ll admit.” That irrelevant confession did not surprise Hux at all. Somehow it was beyond Hux’s capacities to imagine Ren in a class, sitting through a whole day, doing nothing but listening to droid or any sentient providing education. It did not fit his troubling nature. Ren was a man of action. He must be suited best for Snoke’s counsels since he prided himself of being his best student. His face indicated something familiar, that he was not satisfied with this life somehow. Those nights in the Medbay confirmed Hux’s doubts. What he saw a few days before made his stomach curl in unwelcomed memories. If Hux can learn to find some appreciation for the choices that he made, so can Ren. All he needed was to grow up. Ren threw at him one of those synthetic weapons. Hux caught it just before it could land on his face. He did not lose his honor and stopped his thoughts, that was nice. “I am sorry but sword combat is not my forte. All I need is a good and reliable blaster to make a good and clean job.” Ren made a face at him. He frowned intensely, his mouth was full of disdain. “Here. You sound just like him. Like Han Solo.” Well, if Han Solo liked a pragmatic approach to combat, he could respect that much from the man. For someone who claimed to be detached from all things, Kylo Ren was full of emotions. Always torn in a paradox. No, the man himself was a paradox. Hux thought that aspect of him was more a weak point of the character. “He is not wrong. Why bother to waste your energy on such formalities.” “And what would you do if you don’t have your blaster.” Ren retorted immediately like a child. “I’ll use every inches and the combat training I received to eliminate my enemy. Something I came to do here. Right now.” “You have an answer for everything, don’t you?” Hux noticed that he only did that useless chit chat with Ren. There was always a competition buried underneath every simple discussion. It they did not confront each other in a physical fight, they would do it through words. At every words Hux felt like he was fighting for his honor. It was a subtle vent mechanism that would not interfere directly in their work. It worked until the recent events. That tension was kept under control, even more when Snoke was present. Though Hux was not a fool, he knew that Snoke, no, everyone, knew that they did not like each other. Until recently. Their relationship had become much more bearable. He would rationalize and said that was because Ren was not present that much these days. But right now they were in the same room and Hux felt more distracted than annoyed. Ren did seem wanting to flee the room at the first occasion. That was some improvement he had to admit. But that nobody knew it yet. “Listen, it won’t do anything bad to learn new moves.” Ren was right. He could take the opportunity to improve his movements. However, there was still an animosity left between them, he doubted this session of sparring would solve anything. “You’re right. I must warn you, we certainly do not have the same approach to combat.” “I’m here to instruct you, not to tell you how to do it as long you keep your generous advice for yourself “Fine. If they do not put us in any of embarrassing situation.” He followed Ren to the center of the room, the light was much brighter here. Ren called for another droid. He could see him clearly now. His hair was wet with sweat, making it curlier than usual. He wore nothing on him but a dark loose pant and a crop top. Ren had lost some weight, he appeared thinner than usual but his shoulders were broader than he previously thought but they were marred with scars. He never really thought about Ren’s physical strength until now, his Force powers taking the main focus, but he must admit that Ren was deserving the title of knight. Ren was behind him, his broad shoulders and torso enveloping him from behind. For a moment Hux feared he would be crushed under the man’s stature but his touch was light. He could feel the rising of his chest behind his back, his faint breath against his ears and lips tickling his ears when Ren instructed him. The droid shot its first laser. “Here. Like this.” Ren’s hand guided him, wrapped against his own, there were not soft but his grip was secure. He never noticed how imposing Ren’s physique was. The blast deflected to the side. He never expected Ren to be so comforting, or even calm but the man threatened to explode at any moment. “You are full of surprises, I’ve never expected you to be so patient , of all things.” “You think so? I don’t like being yelled at when I do something and I know very well, that you would not be intimidated if I scream so why bother.” That statement surprised him, he never thought of Ren being so smug, but it was not unpleasing. the second blast came up and nearly touched them until Ren bended both of them with a curt shift. “If only you could be more like this, in the future…” Ren did not pick up on that and focused his attention to the upcoming attack. They tried to deflect the droid’s attacks, it was easier now. His movements were programmed, after a few sessions, there weren’t any unguarded, uncalculated movements, it became predictable after a while. That was one of those droid’s weaknesses. “You’re right. You can be at the risk of becoming complacent.” Ren went behind its back then turn off the droid. Hux thought it was finally over, he could go back to his reports, that what he bested at. “Okay, fine. Now try to fight me.” “I’m not an idiot to test something so risky.” True, he agreed before but that was just a mishap due to frustration. “You are far better than I for this.” “Do not worry. I’ll instruct you on how to dodge some of my moves.” “Don’t you like sparring?” Ren’s question pierced through him, Hux could almost feel the pain that followed. “They mocked you aren’t they? Made you doubt of your own strength.” Ren stated the fact but the frown on his face indicated anger. What was he angry for? For Hux? Ha. That was a new one. “I hope you did not expect me to grow up efficient for the First Order Standards without any lessons first.” His voice was filled with a sardonic tint, like he was trying to make it a little joke story, it was better to do than cry about it. Hux hated the fact that every time he brought it up, there was an uneasy ache growing inside of him. “I was not the worst, I would have died if I was.” “I won’t let you die.” “What’s with you and this stupid statement. You cannot change the past Ren.” Ren sudden emotional outburst irritated him. Hux was not here to pitied by someone, most of all when that someone was Ren. “Besides, it was not all bad. I grew up thanks to them. And I do not any fear about sparring, combat is necessary in our life.” That was a true statement, if he let this little obstacle hindering with his objectives, he would not be the General of Starkiller. He did learn to like sparring, when he could finally beat one of them. Hux could still hear the faint laughs of his classmates, their stone hand drawing blood from his body but where are they now? Nowhere. Irrelevant and most likely dead for a few of them. In the end he did earn their respect. He remembered Brendol’s lessons about being the survivor. The strongest of the herd, he did see how much his son was stacking up behind his classmates. Hux was, still, persuaded that Brendol was disappointed in his son. Hux wondered if he considered his cadets worthier of being his son than the child who bore his red hair. That red hair was Brendol’s constant reminder that the failure who lived under his house came in fact from his seed. His father had not brought up any comments either. When he finally advanced in ranks, their relationship had become warmer, they could discuss of relevant things like the Order’s rebirth. Hux was there for his father when nobody would. Hux did not hate his hair, but he did not like it either. “I like your hair. It’s soft.” Ren said. “It’s unusual, you are different from the others.” Being unusual meant being a potential target because they can distinguish you. Because you were different. Hux wondered if Ren was ever this sentimental. In normal times, he would have retreated back and menaced Ren to ever speak to him like this again. That was oddly comforting however. “You have sacrificed your true self for power.” Ren remarked. That was high coming from someone who could not handle a brief mention of his past. He was wrong, there was no difference between what you need to be for the sake of your goals and what that notion of true self was in reality. “Do not project your delusions and own mistakes onto my past Ren.” He wished he could have said more but Ren was pointing a blade at his body, he would not dare to test his patience. “I am not denying it, if that’s what your fear.” Ren whispered. “You are not wrong, I killed that foolish boy. He could have done nothing if he stayed that weak for the rest of his life.” “Are you saying you understand me? Don’t make me laugh we’ve nothing in common, nothing but one objective under Snoke’s command.” “I agree with that statement too, that’s already a start isn’t it?” Ren stated with a grin. You arrogant nerf… That was supposed to be an insult and it was but there was a warmness spread in his head when he thought of that. He found himself smiling with Ren. “Channel your energy to struck it with all of your strength. Crush your enemies.” There was an easiness to let it all go and thinking nothing but of the moment present. It was the same way when he held Ren’s hands that night. Hux tried to cut him down but Ren blocked his blade with nothing but one arm. It immobilized Hux immediately, the fact that Ren did it with such facility filled him jealousy. He craved this strength when he was younger. “Try to block the blade with your own, then use the point of contact as a clutch to turn on yourself and struck a weak point with all of your strength with your elbow.” Hux turned around and struck his elbow against Ren with all of his strength as instructed. Ren let out a cry and collapsed on the floor. A surge of guilt swept through Hux. Ren’s hands were gripping his face, the cry faded into tiny moans. He had not planned to re-open one of his injuries. He approached him to exanimate the source of the scream. His heart beating fast. Hux noticed that the bandage over his face was red again. The wound may be more profound than he thought. He went to one of the compartments and grabbed a kit-aid. He did not do it on purpose. To hurt him, it was an accident. “What are you doing?” Ren asked, following him behind. “You’re bleeding on your face again. That’s unclean, I’ll tend to it. Come here.” He took his hand and guided him to bench. He let Ren sit down on it and opened the kit-aid. “It’s okay… I can do it by myself.” “With no mirror? That would be easy.” He untied the bandage and flinched slightly at the sight of the wound. His injury had begun to heal a little bit, there was some part that had already crusted, it was difficult to clean off. The cut was nastier than he previously remembered, a thin line on his forehead and became more pronounced on his jaw. She must have cut him from below . When he pulled out the last layer, more blood came out of Ren’s wound. “The medic was supposed to put Bacta on it, you should have been healed with no visible scars by now.” Hux remarked, his men were not incapables, they knew how to treat an injury. “I refused it. That scar will serve me as a reminder. He could treat all of the others, but this one will stay.” Yes, of course he does… “You’re being dramatic.” Hux admonished him. “I suppose so.” “It will get infected if we don’t do anything. You won’t let a simple wound kill you, that is just pathetic. You’re too stubborn for that.” Hux turned to side to have a better access and reached for another pad. Ren did not say anything and looked down like a child caught in the act. His shoulders were still risen, his legs curled up against his chest supporting his arms, his head buried between them. It was not Ren’s fault so he did not comprehend that attitude. He did not understand either why there weren’t insults and reproaches coming down on him already. He had even prepared himself for a few comebacks in that case. Hux poured some Bacta filled disinfectant on the cotton pad. Ren’s lips clenched and his head retreated further in his body, leaving only his intense eyes, there was a mixture of seething anger and apprehensiveness in them. He eyed Hux’s hands as if they were coated in poison and the mere touch of it would hurt him. That was one thing that Hux hated, that was people not respecting his orders, questioning what he had in mind. It was not like he made impulsive and rash decisions, he carefully planned everything he did. If people followed them then everything would be in order. He decided to ignore Ren and reached for the wound. Bad idea. Ren fight him off, and slapped his hand and turned his head to the side. “It’s fine, I can do it alone.” Hux sighed his patience running thin. “I’m not here to hurt you, I have nothing to gain from that. You can’t do it right now, there’s no mirror.” He let him to have this last chance. If he refused then fine, Hux would let him treating this injury himself. After all, it was Ren’s body, he knew it best. Perhaps that would be the best solution for everyone. Ren lifted his head and stared at him, no, scrutinized him. Fine, if he wanted to admire Hux then he’ll let him admire how much he was annoyed by this waste of time, all for this stubborn, petty, spoiled man. Why did he even spend this amount of energy trying to tend to him. The logical solution would be leaving him as he had asked. Perhaps a moral stemming from his education would make him mend for his mistake earlier. Ren nodded and let him come close. Perhaps sensing no danger from him. He reached Ren’s face and cleared off some blood-soaked locks, Ren did not seem to object being tended to but he wouldn’t still look at him. True that he did not like being touched, he made it clear when they rescued him. Hux was surprised at his own gentle touch. “Here, it’s soon over.” Nevertheless, Hux was even more astonished by the fact he was wishing to make this moment last longer. He began to appreciate the rare moments of peace either of them got. Life was unpredictable that was his father used to say when he asked about his past. Hux could live to his words mostly these last days. He would never imagine himself sitting here tending willingly to Ren’s wounds. A few days ago, he would let the man on his base, if it weren’t for Snoke’s order and the sheer joy of humiliating him with that rescue. Maybe seeing him in such vulnerable state in the MedBay had developed in Hux a sort of compassion for Ren. You’re softening. He was only doing that to have Ren at the best of his condition. Ren’s skin was smooth barring the scar, he retired his hands when he realized they lingered there longer than normal. Fortunately for him, Ren did not appear to take note. Instead, he looked like captivated by an invisible spot on the floor, deep in his thoughts. He never really noticed how soft Ren’s eyes were when he was not fighting or planning anything. He looked, if he dared to acknowledge it, fragile. “I killed him, you know. My father. I thought this will make me stronger but I’ve been beaten by an untrained scavenger.” Ren confessed, raising his head and stared at him intently. Maybe because of mask, maybe because he did not look at people frequently but there was something powerful, passionate in his gaze that made it unforgettable. “Maybe she was right, I’m not strong enough.” “You’re obsessed with that Scavenger. This will do no good to you.” “Her destiny and mine are linked.” Hux pressed over the wound harder than intended and Ren winced in pain. He gritted his teeth at the lack of control. Hux made a clumsy knot behind Ren’s head and stood up. “The bridge needs me.” He left Ren alone with his thoughts, he glanced at the room, at Ren, maybe hoping that he would look back at him. He sighed and left for good when he saw the man still looking down on the floor. “You should go to the Med-Bay. They will give you proper treatment.” He left rapidly for the bridge not wanting to look at Ren again nor giving him the time to say something. But Ren as always did things in his own ways. "It is not your fault. I did appreciate this, it would be great if we could spare again." Hux walked in the corridors with a tingling in his chest, he found himself wanting to turn back and continue this session. He could not however, his men needed him. Notes: Wow, I've been quite busy so I haven't updated in like forever, sorry :s