"That's not how you do pushups. You have to go lower." Kylo insisted. Hux raised his head, face flushed and shiny with sweat. "I can't go any lower!" he insisted, adjusting his grip on Kylo's knees. "Don't be a baby." Kylo did another sit-up and smirked at Hux. "Hey, y'know what I just noticed? You got lady shoulders." "Fuck off." Hux grunted, trying to stop his arms from shaking as he lowered himself for what felt like the hundredth time. A more accurate number would be five. "It's true." Kylo laughed, taking a break to readjust his gloves. "C'mon, Hux. Exercise isn't that bad." When he sat up again he leaned forwards and pecked Hux on the forehead. "By the way, you're out of milk. And cereal. And whatever that was at the back of the fridge; That's gone too." Hux groaned and tried for another pushup, ignoring Kylo's giggling. Kylo had taken to spending his spare mornings, afternoons, and most evenings in Hux's quarters, raiding his kitchen, using the hot water in the shower, tossing his clothes into Hux's laundry hamper. Worth noting was that he had never actually been invited over, let alone given roommate status. He'd just sort of appeared one day, claiming a spot on the couch and a drawer in the dresser. Hux would complain, but the nights made up for the days. Today he had woken up to Kylo working out and decided to join him, an uncharacteristic move that totally wasn't influenced by the fact that Kylo didn't have a shirt on. Somehow along the way he had wound up in this somewhat compromising position between Kylo's legs, doing pushups with his hands on Kylo's knees while the latter did sit-ups. Not a bad place to be, but Hux wouldn't call it dignified. And it was kind of embarrassing how winded he was. It had only been two minutes. He bit back what would have been a pathetic (and somewhat sexual) groan and went for one last pushup. He succeeded, astonishingly. And that made seven. That was enough exercise for one day, right? Satisfied, Hux gave up on the whole workout thing and flopped to the floor, his cheek resting on Kylo's hip. Maybe he should move, but expending any energy whatsoever really wasn't an an option at the moment. Besides, Kylo didn't seem to be objecting. Almost to the point where it was weird how little he cared. "I'm really close to your dick right now." Hux pointed out. "When aren't you?" Kylo snickered. Hux rolled his eyes and mouthed at the outline of Kylo's half-hard cock, painfully obvious against the ratty briefs he had on. Kylo bit back a grunt and tried to push him away, shaking his head. "No." he insisted. "You have to exercise. Get those endorphins flowing. What happened to not looking like the delicate ginger daughter of a wealthy landowner?" "Fuck that." Hux pulled himself up and slid his hands into the waistband of Kylo's shorts, ignoring his protests. "Oh please. Don't pretend you're not having the time of your life right now." Ever the contrarian, Kylo kept doing his sit-ups, jaw clenched and eyes screwed shut. But eventually he abandoned the pretence of exercising and sprawled back on the floor, letting Hux lap at his cock, now unbearably stiff and beginning to be a bit of a nuisance. "Fuck you..." Kylo opened an eye and blinked at Hux, who was still just toying with him, running his tongue over the tip and occasionally going as far as sucking gently on the sides. It was fucking torturous. "You'll have time for that later." Hux promised, pressing a kiss to Kylo's hipbone. He traced his fingertips over Kylo's dick, as softly and slowly as he could manage. "Let me have some fun, would you?" "Hux..." His hips jerked a little helplessly as Hux licked along the vein on the underside of his cock. It throbbed at his touch and Kylo tensed, panting as pre-come began to drip onto Hux’s fingers. "Isn't this a better way to get endorphins?" he breathed against Kylo's skin. "Please, Hux..." he whimpered, covering his face with his hands. Hux massaged the head of Kylo's cock with the palm of his hand, making the guy let out a desperate little groan. "You motherfucker. Just let me..." "If you keep acting like a baby I just might stop altogether." "If you do that I'm just gonna go jerk off in your bathroom." Kylo whined. Hux sighed but ceded to the childish, petulant pout on Kylo’s face. He took Kylo's swollen penis in his hand and Kylo let out a grateful moan, slumping back onto the floor. He brought his lips to Kylo's chest, trailing his tongue over his pecs before sucking on his flushed nipple. "Fuck, Hux you're such a tease-" Kylo gasped, his voice cut short by an involuntary whine. Hux smirked, taking in the flushed, half-naked, disheveled mess cussing underneath him. Satisfied with his work, Hux twisted his hand around Kylo's dick, the catch of his thumb and the pressure of his grip making Kylo let out one more groan. Then his hips bucked and he fell silent, come spilling over Hux’s hand and spurting onto his stomach. Hux snorted and wiped off his hand on Kylo's stomach, watching him pant and shiver with aftershocks. "I know that you planned this." he told Kylo, once he had stopped shivering. He blinked up at Hux, still looking a little bit out of it. "Yeah, but I didn't think it would actually happen." Kylo stretched and turned his face upwards expectantly. "Kiss." he demanded, tugging at Hux's t-shirt. Feigning annoyance, Hux smoothed his hands up Kylo's sweat slick chest, rolling his eyes. "Demanding son of a bitch..." "I'm worth it." Kylo laughed, pulling Hux down on top of him. "And you know it." Maybe, but there was no way that Hux was admitting that to him. Notes: So I'm sitting in the back of a car right now and have nothing better to do with my time. So have some smut.