The Pull It was faint, the tug towards the light, and Kylo Ren hated it. He shoved back, feeling the light recoil at his dark touch. It grimaced, growling and feirce; most had thought the Light Side was fair and content, but Ren knew different, he was cast out, spat on, only because he could feel, his emotions ran deeper, coursing through his blood siezing every opportuninty to tear at his veins. He only wished to be free, free of the pain, the pull, the disgusted looks he got, and every single emotion that squirmed it's way past his mask. The Darkness, his home, his cocoon, had let him be, kept him safe. Nothing had touched him as Kylo Ren, no one had demanded that he shut his emotions out. The Darkness brought it's sweet caress, soft, motherly, tempting, but once more, Kylo Ren was misunderstood, his intentions buried beneath the things his peers had brought forth. The vile vermin had saw him as a follower of his grandfather, Darth Vader, true, he had looked up to his grandfather, but if anything had pushed him to the Darkness, it was his Master. Luke Skywalker, the man himself, 'saviour of the galaxy,' Skywalker had taught many Padawans, Rey, the sacvenger being one. Ren's uncle had made him force the one thing the boy had been proud of, his ability to keep his emotions and stay defiant to the stereotypical Jedi code. The man, the fool he was, told Ben he was wrong, to never have mercy, keep going until your enemy is dead. All the young boy had done was refuse to kill a droid, two of his friends being droids themselves. It was then that Kylo Ren, once known as Ben Solo, realized The Dark and Light were just one side that had been pitched against one another, cast into eternal war, never to escape. Chapter 2 : I Saw Red Notes: I'll post all the chapters I have so far (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The day that Ginger bastard came, Ren knew his life on Star Killer Base would be destroyed. The knight had never seen this particular man before, usually keeping to himself on his own ship. The Supreme Leader had summoned him, reaching out and tearing Kylo from his duties to attend this suit wearing monkey's 'promotion.' He detested the man right from the start, the way his eyes sliently scrutinised anything that moved, a violent glare, dangerous undertones of Forest Green shone underneath the Emerald of his eyes. Now, Ren had made assumptions, many in his life, but for some unfathomable reason, he actually talked to the man. "Hello." The filter on his mask made his voice sound metallic and mechanical. "Hn." Ren raised an eyebrow behind his mask, who in the hell was this man? Not one hair out of place, no scruff, freckles and beauty marks dotted onto his pale skin, giving it a tint of orange. The masked man decided to let the obvious disrespect slide, instead choosing to continue, barely giving a fuck if the other man answered. "I hear that you are our new General?" Not expecting a reply, he went on "I-" Kylo Ren was cut off, the General had started speaking. "I am General Brendol Hux III, and you, Lord Kylo Ren of the Knights of Ren, are my aquantance." Ren's eyes narrowed in annoyance, a low growl escaping his lips. He flicked his hand, pleased when a surprised noise came from the Ginger. Ren moved forward, his hand moving up to grip the sides of his helmet, hearing a soft hiss as it came off. He set the mask on a table, running his hand through his hair and looking back up at Hux. Amazingly though, the General seemed to not want to struggle, only serving to anger Ren more. Without his mask to cover his emotions, tons of expressions layed out, astonishment, respect, suspicion, and undeniable rage. "Just who," he paused, collecting his demenor, "do you believe yourself to be?" Hux smirked, seemingly ignoring the invisible force that was half-choking him. "I am General Brendol Hux III, your associate." Notes: Horrid. I'll get it on Wattpad soon. Chapter 3 : Luck Be Damned Notes: Thanks for all the hits (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo Ren saw red. Damn this Ginger, damn Snoke and damn his unfortunate luck to be stuck with him. It had been about 3 weeks after the choking incident, Ren had set the indifferent General down after a Officer had walked onto the command deck claiming to have orders from The Supreme Leader. Needless to say, the poor Officer had not expected Ren to be choking the new General so soon after slicing the last one in half. Kylo grunted, the damn fool deserved it, he had questioned Ren's mental capacity (not directly, of course, but oh well.) Now the dark knight was at a loss, the 'Fearless General' was unafraid of death, in whatever form it may be, and he had seen Ren's face, few which had seen and lived to tell the tale. Hux, last Ren had heard anyway, was on a mission on Hoth, an old Rebel base or something, but as it seemed the man hadn't left without a parting gift. Ren had awoken this morning to find a datapad resting beside him on his bed. Skeptical, at the most, Ren opened the device, eyes widening and ears flaming red. His left eyebrow twitched, orders from Snoke himself, to 'Stay with General Hux on the Base and use your Kinghts to aid his missions.' He snarled, a savage sound ripping from his throat as he hurled the datapad at the wall farthest from him. "That damn bastard! I'll bet he planned this from the start! Edging his slimy ass up the totem pole to become a General!" He lifted the covers, getting out of bed and walking towards the bathroom, grabbing a dark blue towel on the way. He opened the shower door, reaching inwards to turn the knob to hot. Ren stripped down, grumbling to himself about 'stupid Generals' and how he would kill the Ginger, if it was the last thing he did. The raven headed man got into the shower, steaming hot water creating red welts on his skin. He grabbed the soap, lathering it into the towel, and scrubbed his pale skin harshly. When finished, Ren shut off the water, wrapping the towel around his waist. Glancing in the mirror, Ren frowned, he never was very vain, only knowing he had his mother's jaw-line and Han Solo's nose. What bothered Ren most was that Hux had seen his face, did he think it was ugly? Had he been repulsed by it? Many had said he was a fine looking man when he was in Aldaraan with his mother, but had they ment it? Ren shook his head, black hair falling into palce, and grimaced. Such trivial matters had no meaning to him, he decided, and with one last glance into the mirror he padded out the bathroom. "Hello Ren," Kylo Ren lifted his head, how had he not noticed the man? He spun around, glad for the slight modesty the blue towel gave him, "Hux! What are you doing?!" The Ginger mearly waved Ren's suspicion away, "I need to speak with you, so put some clothes on." Ren had suddenly turned red, retreating back to the bathroom with some trademark black clothes in hand. Hux took this oppertunity to observe the Lord's retreating form, broad shoulders, a skinny, curvy, yet masculine waist, long legs, and small beauty marks placed all over his muscular arms and pale back, it was quite pleasing to the eye. Hux blinked, what in the name of sweet Palpatine was he thinking? Ren was anything but 'pleasing to the eye,' he was a ruthless killer and servant of the Supreme Leader Snoke, like himself. The General broke out of his trance when Ren cleared his throat, tight black leggings outlining the curve of his legs and black tank-top defining his 6 pack. Hux blinked again, "Ahm, yes, Supreme Leader wishes to inform you that we will be sending out TIE fighters to capture a droid under the name, 'BB-8,' he also wishes for you to know that this droid holds 'The Map,' whatever that is." Kylo Ren's eyes narrowed, "Why couldn't Supreme Leader tell me this himself?" Hux raised a Ginger eyebrow, freckled face casting an annoyed look towards Ren, "I have no idea, I don't want to be your personal messenger either, Ren." "Hmph, fine, get out." Ren retorted, turning his back to show his disinterst in continuing the topic. The General glared once more before stalking out of the room, returning to the command center. Ren growled, just what did Snoke have planned? Notes: This one is longer because I put it in parts on Instagram Chapter 4 : Weak Knees Notes: Love ya'll babes (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo Ren stormed though the halls, hands clentched at his side and the force repeling anyone within 2ft of him. The ginger bastard did it again, he knew Ren liked privacy and invading such privacy to tell him of orders was a foolish action on Hux's part. The black robed man rounded the corner, stomping past a squardron of Stormtroopers on patrol and onto the bridge that Hux usually carried out his duties on. Invasion of privacy was a new norm for Kylo, but that still didn't make ot right in his book, he rushed down the narrow bridge, robes flapping angrily behind him, lightsaber hilt glinting in the light. "Hux!" Said General turned, looking astonished at Kylo's public outburst. "Lord Ren, what can I do for you?" Ren growled, Hux had always toyed with him, since day one. "You know full well what you can fucking do for me, General Brendol Hux III!" Hux recoiled, eyebrow raised, Kylo had sounded more like an angry lover than an angry Lord of The Knights. "No. I don't. If you would be so kind as to tell me, I could then shut you up." Ren's ears had flared red under the mask, making it quite hot. He reached up, pulling the helemt off with a soft click. "Hux, everyday you envade MY privacy for some silly CRAP that Supreme Leader could tell me ANY other time!" The General crossed his arms "So?" The little spat had caught the attention of the on-duty Officers and some Stormtroopers, Hux, being the General waved them away, watching as Ren got redder and angrier and the subordinates filed out. "Y-you BASTARD! I HATE you!" Ren was finally able to see the height difference between him and Hux, it was only an inch or two but it made Kylo feel smaller, less in control. "Hm, most do say much worse Ren, so are you sure?" He walked forward to Ren, hands outward in a submisive gesture. When Ren fot like this, Hux had learned that usually only Phasma could help, being Ren's mother figure, he supposed, unfortunatly Phasma was away on Jakku. "Now, Ren, listen," as he drew nearer Ren seemed to calm down. "I have no ill intentions when I come to your quarters, Ren." Ren figeted, seemingly wary of Hux getting any closer, like a deer ready to jump. Kylo must have felt more in control when he had his mask on or the there were others around him. When Hux was close enough he lashed out, grabbing Ren's arms and pulling him close, crushing his lips to the smaller male's, Hux knew he had made an uncalled for move, and he had no idea why, but Holy Sidious, Kylo was just too much. "Mmphh!" Ren pushed at Hux's chest, shoving the older man away. "What the HELL, HUX?!" He yelled, wiping at his mouth. "Ah," Hux began, trying to explain himself, his words failed him and the General fell silent. Ren grabbed his helmet, and turned fast-walking, almost running down the halls to escape Hux and his inexplicable actions. He tugged on the mask, punching in the code and ducking inside his room as soon as it opened. He slid down the door, back straight against it, Ren held his head in his hands, searching for an answer, praying to his grandfather's spirit, anything, to tell him why. Why had Hux done that, and why had he gone weak in the knees? Notes: This chapter made less sense because Hux and Ren have mixed feelings Chapter 5 : I'll Be Here Notes: Wow such order much writing skills I put a lot of paragraph breaks because it helps me read so I'm just trying to help ya'll (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The mission was to eleminate a village, it was found that they had harbored some Resistance allies and betrayed the First Order. Kylo Ren had just come from an audience with Snoke, sighing he lifted his helemt from atop his head, holding it at his side and running a gloved hand through his hair. 'Why am I hesitating?' Something was not sitting well with the knight and he hated that, ever since Hux had...come onto him, he was unfocused, biligerent and avoiding the older man with all costs. Partly thankful for the mission on Voss, and for Phasma herself coming to make sure things went to plan (she hadn't wanted another FN-2187 problem.) Ren decided that his thoughts would only confuse him more. Shoving his mask back on he grabbed his lightsaber from his desk and walked out his room. He passed a medi-droid, possibly on it's way back from the surgery ward. The masked man strode down to the loading dock, appearing behind Captain Phasma who was checking the Stormtrooper stats in her transparent datapad. "Ahm, Phasma," he cleared his throat, waiting to be awknowledged, "Oh, Lord Ren, I did not see you there. What is it?" He nodded his head, a habit he formed over time, "I wanted to make sure the freighter was prepared and that our weaponry was restocked." She turned back to her datapad, scrolling downwards, seeing that the ship had yet to be fueled. "Ah, the ship needs fuel, other than that, our weaponry is restocked sir. Anything else?" He shifted, they had yet to find the theif who had stolen 3 flamethrowers, but Ren wasn't worried about that, "Yes, do you know," he paused gulping under the helmet, "where General Hux is?" The Captain nodded, "He came to check on the troops and went that way." She pointed to one of the halls, "He made a left turn though." Kylo Ren nodded his thanks and left, walking down the hall Phasma had pointed to. 'Damn ginger,' he thought, 'making me, Kylo Ren, a lowly coward.' He shook his head, mechanical breaths coming slowly. As he walked past a room, an arm reached out, pulling him into a corridor. On instinct, Ren pushed the 'attacker' away with the force, reaching for his saber. He looked up, suprised to find General Hux grimacing at him. "What in the name of our lord and saviour Snoke are you doing Hux?" Ren hissed, "You've avoided me for weeks, Ren, the question is, what are YOU doing?" Kylo glared, "My job!" Hux stepped forward, watching as Ren took a step back, "Your job? Your job is to work with me, not avoid me like the plauge!" Ren was at a disadvantage, the door had closed when he pushed Hux back, and all that stood between him and a most uncomfortable situation was 4 inches of air. He grit his teeth, backing up once again as Hux pushed him closer to the metal wall. "Hux," his voice was warning the man, "Hmm?" The General disregared the threat, instead opting to trap Ren between him and the wall. "What is it Ren?" The younger man shivered, the way Hux had said his name, it was a purr that sent tingles right to his core. "L-leave me alone, bastard." Hux had a mock hurt expression plastered onto his freckled face. The ginger placed his arms on either side of Kylo, making him seem larger, and leaned closer. It was then Ren realized he had no mask on, and could feel Hux's breath roll down his pale neck. "Bastard? I think not, my parents were married." He chuckled, reveling in Ren's discomfort. He then leaned in, closing the distance between their lips, kissing Ren with a feirce need. Suprisingly, Ren opened his mouth, allowing Hux to slip his tounge inside, and closed his eyes, relishing in the sent of pine, hair grease and Hux's soap. The General wrapped his arms around Kylo's waist manuvering him to lean on a convientiently placed table. Ren groaned as Hux placed his knee between his legs, breaking the heated kiss to toss his head back as the green-eyed man placed butterfly kisses on his exposed neck. "Ngh, Hux, I have a mission." It stopped. Hux released Ren, carefully combing his now dishelved hair back it place. Kylo Ren stumbled as Hux's support left him, the warmth escaping. "Then go," Hux grunted, "I'll be here." Notes: Omg this might get confusing in the next chapters omg please send help Chapter 6 : Skyfall Notes: This chapter is so long -.- (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo Ren hadn't expected this to happen. The Resistance had sent a fleet of fighters to destroy the Starkiller Base, and the ususpecting First Order had foolishy sent a quarter of their troops to disentigrate insignificant rebel villages. Ren himself was on the base, watching as Officers panicked, remaining troops ran for Captain Phasma, and the General was nowhere to be found. This, in fact, worried Ren the most, not the sound of blasters as they shot near him, not the blood splattered everywhere, not the decapitated corpses or limbless bodies, only Hux. He ran, calling out aimlessly, screaming for Hux, helmet forgotton, and robes almost unrecognisable under the soot, blood, and tears. "Hux! Hux, where are you?!" Ren clamored past the broken body of a stormtrooper, watching as a Resistance fighter used a bayonet to stab an Officer. The young man shook his head, pushing down the nausea as he imagined Hux being torn apart and stabbed over and over again. "No. NO! HUX!" With new vigor he ran, yelling until his voice grew tired. Ren was surprised as a blaster bullet hit him in the arm, shooting him back a couple feet. He hissed, teeth bared, as he jumped back up. The resistance fighter had no chance, Ren had raised his right arm, choking the life out of the man, squeezing his hand shut until his head popped off, blood still spurting. Ren grasped his arm, grimacing as he pulled away to see a blood covered glove. "Fuck," Ren pulled off both of the black gloves tossing them into the chaos. His hands shivered, pale, unused to the cold. He growled, a boom coming from his left, Troopers flying into the air, half dead. "Fuck, Hux, where are you?!" Kylo Ren gasped as he ran onto the command bridge, seeing Hux, his coat gone, fighting a Resistance soldier in hand-to-hand combat. Ren was frozen, he had found Hux, but something told him to stay in place. So he called out, "HUX!" The ginger turned, breaking his fluid movements and allowing the soldier to kick his stomach. Ren's eyes widened as Hux fell. Hux was on his back, groaning in pain, he couldn't dodge as the resistance fighters foot stomped down on his leg, breaking it with a sicking snap. He yelled in pain, feeling the sticky warmth of blood rush out of his new wound, curse Kylo Ren for distracting him. He grit his teeth, blood and pain sending out rushes of useless adrenaline, he vaugly heard the Resistance soldier talking, saying that he had killed his family, dystroyed his homeland. He heard about how he decimated millions, how his orders had murdured children. He didn't care, Hux only wanted to die, he'd been through too much, a TIE fighter had crashed near him in the begining of the invasion, sending out debris that hit him, the General had been trapped underneath a conditioning unit, using tons of energy just to lift it off himself. Then as the Ginger made his way to the command center, he was shot and engaged by a lone Resistance soldier. Hux was done, until he heard that cry. "Hux! Hux, don't leave me! Please!" He heard Ren, calling out his name over and over, as if that would save him. He opened his eyes, now feeling that Ren was hugging his numb body like his life depended on it. Hux saw the soldier's corpse, decapitated. Ren rocked him back and forth, ignoring the flashing lights and the sirens, he ignored the screams, the 'pew-pew' of blasters, all that was, was him and Hux. He laughed, it was indeed ironic that the two most important men in his life were to die on the same bridge. This wasn't the way he was supposed to come back from that mission, Hux had promised he would be here. The General groaned, gulping in air as his previous wounds caught up to him, Ren, hearing the rasps, cried now, thanking whatever Gods were up there for giving him a chance. Hux, thankful for Ren, for his cries, for loving him, closed his eyes, not caring if the sky fell, only glad he had Ren. Notes: Hella long, I'm so bad at writing Chapter 7 : Survival Notes: I'm tired. Short chapter (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) In the aftermath of the invasion, Ren was too tired to cry any longer, but was too dependant on Hux staying alive to rest. He sat curled up in a leather chair at the side if Hux's bed, eyes rimmed red, hair dishelved and mask lost. The medi-droids and nurses who came to care for Hux were flabbergasted at the lost and distraught Lord, though none dared to ask or demand that he left. Kylo Ren sat in the chair, refusing any medical care for his various wounds, claiming he would survive. In reality Ren was drenched in sweat, pus and blood oozing from his wounds, a nurse had tried to remove his robes and torn clothes, same as Hux, leaving Ren to appear smaller than usual and only clothed in a pair of black pants. The General, emerald eyes shut, laid on the bed across from Ren, a oxygen mask secured to his face, bandages wrapped around the bruises and cuts, his broken leg was yet to be completely cared for. The First Order had sustained many great losses in the ambush, and the remaining forces had to be transported to the nearest base on Ord Mantell. Needless to say, the already low morale lowered even further as troops watched the 'Fearless' General Hux and the 'Ruthless' Lord Ren get carried out of the decimated Starkiller Base unconcious and even more battered than themselves. Captain Phasma herself had to execute orders that normaly would be carried out by Hux or Ren. She pushed the troopers and Officers to gather the ships that had survived the ordeal and care for all of the wounded. Nurses had operated on Hux, removing shrapnel and closing wounds that would scar over, but Ren, convincing himself he was fine, almost killed the Surgeon and Nurse that tried to help his own wounds. Phasma had came to Ren, maternal, the Captain calmed Ren down, telling the unsuccesful Nurse off and undressed the rest of the way herself, feeling that he needed a familiar presence. Phasma sighed, Ren would die if he didn't get medical care, and Hux, he would die of grief if Ren starved himself. She was conflicted, what in the nine levels of Purgatory was she to do? Notes: 12:56 AM in Sugarland TX Chapter 8 : Save Me From Myself Notes: So fucking sleepy Ren sat up, he hadn't slept in 4 days and everything was blurred and hazy. The Ginger was still comatose, his vitals showed no signs of sudden failure and the Nurses said he would awaken soon. Ren could tell they were lying, they were too scared of him to tell the truth and too scared for his slowly dropping health to cause any outbrusts that could disable him. Phasma had come around often, ever since the last of First Order had gotten to the small base, she had taken on the responsiblity of temporary leader. She looked hollow, she lost weight, and was pale, but still she tried to coax Ren into eating, or being active. He himself had lost weight, his body now living off the little fat he had, and the pain of hunger, infection and deyhydration seeped through the wall he built with the force. His mother, General Leia Organa had tried contacting him, easily passing into his mind, seeing his current state. She hadn't tried again yet, but Ren had no idea if the Resistance was planning another attack, he was convinced that Hux would die if an another happened so soon. The dark knight reached into the force, the effort straining his weak body. His wounds had gotten meagerly better, Phasma had convinced him to apply salve and wrap some bandages around them, the process already stopping the flow of pus and blood. As Ren reached out, he felt a pull, it seemed as if his mother was watching him now, her presence strong. He reached out for her, his unique force signature rushing to meet hers. Her pull grasped his, and took him into the light. Ren could tell she was allowing others to watch, some highly experienced force users could do that, project visions for others to see. He didn't mind, all he wanted was to stop whatever they had planned, or lack thereof. Then, he was in a Resistance base, his holographic figure stood, flickering in and out of sight, his mother and a few others stood in front of him, seeing how weak he really was. Kylo Ren shifted, the hologram image fizzing with his movements, in this very room were the people he had betrayed, his Mother, Uncle, Chewbacca, Rey, Poe, and his former droid companions, R2D2 and C3PO. The group stood there, watching Ren, seeing how weak he was, how utterly vulnerable. "M-mother," his voice was raw, raspy and deyhydrated. Leia looked at her son, head tilted, eyes blazing with anger. "Ben." Rey looked between the two, the altercation was awkward, and tension ran high. "Mother, please don't." The Princess raised her head higher, eyes narrowed, "Don't what, Ben?" Kylo opened his mouth to answer but fell into a coughing fit, he was dying, and this was his last chance, he mentally swore that he would go back succesful, and then take care of himself, and Hux would be there, safe and whole. He clutched his side, pain ripping through, "Please don't attack us, Mamá." Leia's eyes widened, Ben hadn't called her that since he was 6, it was then the royal caretakers had told him to stop. Ren's face held an expression of pain, sorrow, and guilt, "I'm so sorry, Mamá, so sorry." The image flickered once more and Leia knew Ren's energy was almost spent. She stepped forward, hand extended, "I love you Ben," she smiled, and he smiled back. It was then Rey knew Kylo Ren really was related to the famous Leia Organa, he had her smile. "But I too, am sorry. You have caused too much pain, mi Hijó, and you must face the consequences." Ren's face dropped, tears welled up, he pushed them back, growling forcefully, somehow managing to look just as ruthless as before, only now it was like a wounded animal. "I hope, Mother, that you find happiness in the next life, because if I'm not already going to hell for killing Father, I will go for killing you." Leia looked taken aback, the other Resistance figters gasped in shock, but Ren was not done yet, "I WILL survive, Mother, and I will decimate every SINGLE one of you, and Rey?" The girl stared at Ren, fear evident, "I will kill you slowly." Chapter 9 : Death Of Me Notes: This one is short (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) General Hux lay in his bed, recently awoken from his coma, though the sight of Ren being hefted onto a strecher and taken to another room as he gasped for air made him feel just as empty. Phasma had visited him, talking about Ren, how he forgot about his own care and had lost almost a quarter of his body weight. Hux lost more breath with each word, Ren was too much in love, and that was a risk to his own safety. Hux hadn't even known when they'd dove head first into this pit of 'love,' he highly recommended that the faint-hearted never do it. He chuckled, realizing how stupid this was, he, a major General, allowed himself to be blinded by a silly school-boy crush, and how Ren, a ruthless, cold man had somehow fallen in love with him. A knock on his door signaled the Nurse's presence, she walked in, tray in hand. "Hello, General! How are you today?" He grunted, ignoring her question, watching as she put the bowl of bland soup down in front of him. "That's lunch then!" As she turned to walk away, Hux called out, "Excuse me," The lady turned, "R- I mean, Lord Ren, is he ok?" She smiled, "Yes, the Lord is fine! He just came out of surgury and is in a stable medicine indused coma!" Hux grimaced, "That's good, right?" She nodded, "Considering his injuries and the extreme wieght loss, I'd say yeah!" He nodded his thanks, and she left. Hux smiled breifly, Ren would be the death of him, and he was glad. Notes: I hate insomnia Chapter 10 : Rememberance Notes: Failed atempt at smut? (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo Ren sat in his bed, a frown marred his face, he was unsuccessful in his hopes to stop another invasion, and now he was bedridden. The Lord hadn't seen Hux, even though one of the Nurses had told him the other man was fully healed. 'I must not be important.' He felt tears well up as he thought about what Hux could be doing, he didn't stop them. As they poured down his cheeks, Ren bashed himself more, getting angrier and more violent with each thought, 'I caused this,' 'I almost killed him.' More tears spilled, and Ren took in a shudddering breath, "I really am an abomination." Kylo couldn't stop the words as they voiced his thoughts. His eyes widened as he heared his door open with a click, who would come to him, surely not Phasma, she was working. "Ren?" Oh, that voice, it was too good to be true, his ears were fooling him, Hux would never look at Ren again, not after the invasion, Kylo was sure of it. "Ren, it's me." Ren listened as he felt Hux manuvering into the bedchamber with the Force. "Re-" Hux stopped, emerald eyes wide as he stared at the broken-down man in front of him. Ren gazed upon the horrified look on Hux's face, and more tears flowed, "I-i know, I'm pathetic." Hux walked forward, grasping Ren's face in his pale, freckled hands. The Ginger whiped away Ren's tears, though more replaced them, bending down, Hux kissed Ren, savoring the taste of smoke, wine, and oddly, honey. Ren gasped, why, why did Hux do this? Whispering sweet nothings until Ren's heart yearned for more, then leaving him as if he were a small, occasional play-thing. Still, Ren's mouth opened begging silently for more. Hux pushed Kylo down onto the bed, covers pushed back, the General broke the kiss, leaning his forehead on Ren's, eyes closed. "Ren, oh, Ren, I love you too much." He sounded pained, struggling, worried. "Don't leave me Hux, you promised." Hux laughed, leaning back down for another kiss, "So I did," He slid his hands down, softly pecking Ren's remaining tears away, "but I haven't the faintest notion what I was doing at the time. Would you care to remind me?" Kylo Ren moaned, arching into Hux's touch as the ginger kissed him. "H-hux," The Lord groaned as Hux started to lift Ren's shirt, "Yes, Ren?" Hux had stopped, Ren gasped, warmth lost, "Don't s-stop." Hux grinned onto Ren's skin, having removed the black shirt and peppering kisses down from his clavicle. "I won't." Ren fisted his hands in Hux's hair, hissing as the General sucked harshly on his skin, leaving red welts in his place. Oh, this was more than Hux ever imagined, feeling Ren, loving him, breathing him. Hux slipped further, and Ren got on his elbows to watch. "Hux, what ar- Oh!" The General smirked as he watched Ren squirm when he kissed his v-line, Hux wanted to re-pay Ren, for not giving up on him, for almost killing himself, for loving a disgusting monster like himself. Ren sat up now, Hux had stopped his kisses, moving back up to kiss the raven's now swollen lips. Ren wrapped his legs around Hux's waist and Hux lifted them both, moving them to the wall across from the bed. Ren gasped, Hux had started to remove his pants, "Oh, oh, Hux," The Ginger started to unbutton his own shirt, kicking off his shoes while still holding Ren. "Ren, oh my beautiful Ren, why would you do this?" Hux placed another kiss onto Ren's neck. "I love you, too much." Ren answered, groaning and writhing with every flit of Hux's hands. It was hot, too hot as Hux finally removed Ren's pants, tossing them aside. "I know." Ren's eyes shot open, Hux had quoted his Father, unknowingly, of course but still, it made Ren happy to know someone could love him as much as Han Solo had loved Leia Organa. "Damn you, Ren. Damn you." Hux groaned as Ren started on his own pants, moving them back to the bed. The General flipped them over, landing ontop of Ren, kissing him harshly. Both were naked now and Hux looked down at Ren, "Are you sure?" At Ren's nod, Hux kissed him once more, whispering sweet nothings in the younger man's ear. He lined himself up, pressing hot kisses to Ren's neck and clavicle, Ren bit his lip, groaning as Hux pushed in, "D-damn, Hux," When Hux was fully sheated inside Ren he hid his face inside Ren's shoulder, shuddering from the heat emitting from where they were connected. "Ngh, Ren, you're so warm, so tight. Damn." Ren gasped, tears of pain rushing down his face, Hux whipped them away with his thumb, diving in for another opened mouth kiss. "Move, Hux. Please." Hux shifted, he had gone in dry, and Ren was still uncomfertable, but he couldn't wait anymore. He had almost lost Hux to many times and no one would ever take the General from the Lord. Ren groaned, half-lidded eyes staring at Hux with blazing need, emerald green stared right back, dominance shone deep in them. Hux thrusted into Ren, kissing him in time with his movments, he searched, looking for that one spot that would make Ren beg. "Ahh!" Found it. The raven was a blubbering mess, each time Hux hit his prostate, he cried out incoherent babbles. The General groaned, feeling Ren getting tighter around him, the younger man shuddered, gasping as Hux thrusted faster, hitting that spot everytime. "Hux, Hux, Hux." Ren repeated the General's name, it was the only thing he could say as he came all over his and Hux's stomach. Hux shivered, Ren's submisive display causing him to tip over the edge and fill Ren with his cum, extacy overwhelming him. "Damn, damn Ren." He pulled out, turning to lay on his side nect to Ren as he caught his breath. "I love you, Ren." Hux kissed the younger man's forehead, Ren only smiled, a sleepy, tired grin, "Did I help you remeber?" Hux chuckled, "Rest assured, Ren, that was the best reminder I've ever had." Notes: Yep. A true failure. Chapter 11 : Lies Notes: Omg I'm losing it (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo Ren woke up to a empty bed. It angred him, Hux, even after the undoubtly good first time sex, had left him once more. He had healed, the Force completing the process, and he felt restless. "Fuck Hux, fuck the First Order." Ren got out of bed, throwing the covers off. "Damn ginger, always fucking with me." He mumbled curses to himself, tossing in some classic black clothes and grabbing his saber, foregoing the mask and his heavy robes. The Knight strode down the halls towards the training arena, he watched as Officers and 'troopers evaded him, not wanting to incur his wrath. Ren gripped his saber harder, trying not to start destroying everything in his path. Turning into the training arena, Ren punched in a code, the door opening. He stepped inside, heading for the punching bag. Ren dropped the saber, shifting his feet into his stance and swung at the bag, hitting it with bone crushing blows. He grimaced as blood started to pour out his knuckes, but he kept going, kicking the top, jabbing the bottom with a left-hook. Ren let his anger fly, and it lept out, screaming bloody murder, roaring like a raging Wampa. The raven no longer held the time to care, he pummeled into the punching bag, breaking it with a elbow jab. Ren grunted, going to grab another bag and start again. As he hung the second bag, he heard clapping. Ren turned, eyes full of bewilderment and rage. "Wh- Hux?" The ginger grinned, "Why yes, it is me, or did you not expect to see me so soon?" Ren glared up at Hux, folding his arms over his chest, saying, "No. I honestly expected you to carry on as if I was only a brat, and not the man you fell in love with." Hux was suprised, he himself had thought Ren would ignore him. "Well, I had been called for a meeting," he lied through his teeth, "and I couldn't just say 'I was resting off the hot sex I had with my co-worker, sorry I'm late.'" Ren grunted haughtly, "You're lying. You were just as afraid of abandonment as I, so you left first. Don't forget Hux, I can read your mind." He tapped his skull. The General turned his head, pink dusting his cheeks. "Yeah? So?" Ren moved forward, cupping Hux's cheek and standing on his toes to kiss it softly. "I would never leave you." Hux looked at Ren, green eyes blazing with curiousity, "And if I were to ask you to leave?" The other man raised an eyebrow, "Mhm, well, I would deny your request." A smirk tugged at Hux's lips, "And if I got angry?" Ren stepped closer, leaning up to whisper in Hux's ear. "I would let you punish me, of course." The ginger's eyes widened, he pulled back, looking at Ren skeptically, what in the ten forms of evil was up with his mood swings? Instead of questioning him, Hux grinned, "Let me? Do you think I need permission?" Now Ren looked angry, what had he done? "Of course you need permission, bastard! I won't allow you to do anything to me if I don't say so!" Hux recoiled, he put his hands up, realizing this was the same situation they were in when they first kissed. He needed to change the subject, fast. "Hey, Ren, doesn't this remind you of a certain day?" Ren's eyes narrowed, "Wha- Oh. You mean the day you fell hard for me?" Hux smirked, thank the gods he was successful, "No, I think you mean, the day you yelled at me as if we were lost loves." Ren's eyebrow raised, Hux noticed his emotions radiated through his face, "Mhm, no more sappy Holo-films for you, Hux." The General chuckled, pulling Ren into a hug, "Sure Ren." Ren pulled away slightly, looking up at Hux, "Hux, something's wrong." Hux looked at Ren, "No. Everything's perfect." The raven shook his head, "No, no, something is wrong with you. You're worried about something." Hux's face dropped slightly, how could he leave Ren? Possibly for good? Hux shook his head "No, I assure you, nothing is wrong. I'm with you right?" Ren faltered, hesitantly nodding as he fell back into the embrace. "Yeah. I am." Notes: Idk why but I can't write long term stories. One-shots are my thing Chapter 12 : Orders Hux walked through the command center, occasionally leaning over an Officer's shoulder to see a report. He had been avoiding Ren for the last few days, not wanting him to know that he was leaving. Snoke ordered Hux to leave for a base on Corella, the Supreme Leader hadn't given a reason for the sudden movement but Hux couldn't risk an argument. 'Bloody Ren, leading me to my death by my kriffing balls.' He grimaced, the last time he had truly seen Ren was in the training arena, and if the other man hadn't distracted him, he would have been informed of this departure. Hux was pulled out of his thoughts by a Leuteniant that tapped his shoulder, Hux turned, glaring at the young woman. "What?" She audibly gulped, "Uh, Lord Ren, he wishes to see you." He nodded, "And where did he say he wanted to see me?" She shifted, "He only said you'd find him." Hux grunted, "Alright. Captain!" Phasma looked up from her datapad, "Yes sir?" "I'll be back, prepare a ship for my departure." The Captain nodded, signaling for some stormtroopers to load a ship. Hux waved away the Leuteniant, walking down the hall, searching for Ren. "Ren?" He called out, turning left, "I was informed you wanted to see me?" The General stopped, there was a corridor, similar to the one he had pulled Ren into. Carefully he walked inside, almost jumping as the 'CLOSE' button was smashed down by someone. "When were you going to tell me?" Hux turned, Kylo stood there, face red, eyes puffy and the corrdior completely covered in lightsaber marks. "I wasn't." Hux looked down, Ren had belived him, trusted him, loved him, and he was leaving? "Why?" The ginger leaned onto his right leg, "Orders." He didn't react as Ren's hand slapped him hard across the face, leaving a red handprint. "Liar." Ren spat, holding his hand as it throbbed in pain. "No. I wouldn't lie, not to you." Shame ran though Hux, he was a manipulative bastard. "How can I believe you? You lied by not telling me!" Hux nodded, finally looking up, "I know." Kylo Ren gaped at Hux, who in the hell did he think he was? Leaving him? Typical. "Ha," he chuckled humorlessly, "I should've known." Hux looked up, a bewildered expression on his pale face. "What?" Ren wiped the tears from his eyes, "I knew that you were going to leave, like everyone else. Using me up, until you were done." Hux shook his head, "No, no, Ren it wasn't like that." The other man nodded, "Oh, yes, Hux, that's exactly how it went. And you can go." He pointed to the doorway, "Go and leave me. I don't need you. You were only a floozy that satisfied me," Ren glared cruelly, "I. Never. Loved. You." He enunciated his words, making sure they burned into Hux's mind, searing a brand onto his skin. The General gasped, shaking his head harder, tears almost coming up, but he pushed them down. "No. Ren, stop. You don't mean that." Ren punched the 'OPEN' button, gesturing for Hux to leave, "Yes, I do. Get out." The ginger moved forward, Ren backed up, shaking his head, "Stop. Go." Hux stared, "Fine." His face dropped, now glaring coldly, though it didn't faze Ren, "I'll go, Ren, but know that you're right. You were only a good fuck. Goodbye." He stepped out, going back to the command center to prepare for his mission. Once Hux had left, Ren closed the corridor, falling to his knees, crying. What the hell had he done? Why had he let Hux leave? "I'm such a fool." Chapter 13 : Alone Notes: Tbh I'm tired of this fic Hux glared at the console in front of him, ever since he left the alternate base, Ren hadn't tried contacting him, by com-link or by Force. The General regretted his words, a moment of anger and loss of control made them fall out; now he sat here in a cold room near the edge of the First Order's territory, drinking his brains out. He grabbed the bottle, foregoing the shot glass near him to drink the amber liquid straight from it. 'Why?' He questioned himself silently, 'Why had I said that? Were we meant to fall apart?' Hux sighed, setting the bottle down as he rubbed his temples, grimacing slightly. Snoke had sent him out here, seperating him from the major bases in the First Order, claiming that with the destruction of Starkiller Base, the bases who had yet to hear of the news and would need a strong leader in their soon to be realized chaos. Hux was surrounded by Officers, Lutenants and 'Troopers of all ranks, but somehow he felt utterly alone. No more would he have the company of Phasma, who could make a day brighter through her surprising sense of humor, no more could he feel the ghost of Ren's lips across his own, the loving yet fleeting touch of his hands. He was alone. Hux had lost his passion, that much was evident, the forces that were assigned out here had expected much more of 'The Strict and Level-headed General Hux.' But, heartbreak had failed him, and he was neither strict nor level-headed any longer, Hux was now a private drunkard; doing his job and leaving to guzzle more alcohol. Hux gripped the long glass neck of the bottle, he sneered, he was acting like a love-sick snivling shit. The glass started to crack, eventually shattering under pressure. Blood ran down his palm, and he glanced at the red fluid indifferently. He sneered, "I am General Hux, alone, cold, uneeding of love, uneeding of Ren." The red-head looked up, seeing his reflection in the holo-screen, he glared. "The Hux you loved is dead, Ren." Chapter 14 : Rise Notes: Ugh (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ren stood in front of a large window that loomed out onto the green landscape, he had become quiet after Hux's reassignment and was now more focused than ever, or so it seemed. Phasma had been worried about the man, he was different, many nights she had walked in on him training vigourusly in the small arena. One time, she had tried to calm him down, but he had struck out, blinded by rage, regret, self-loathing, and grief. The Captain had been forced to call a medic in to inject enough tranquilizer in him to take down a Wampa, and Ren had gotten slow enough for her to restrain him. The poor soul was lost, Hux had left him, and Phasma knew what it felt like to loose a loved one; her own best-friend had been persecuted as a Rebel helper. She approached Ren, feeling the tension and unease of the people around ripple through the air. She put her hand on Ren's shoulder, she was taller than Ren, about half a foot. The Captain smiled benath her mask, "Ren, how are you?" She felt as though she was the most capable of postitivity and 'good' emotions out of the trio, and Phasma was to use that to her advantage. Ren looked at her, black mask staring into the silver chrome of hers. "I am content." Phamsa looked out the window, how could Ren show so much emotion in his voice, mechanical or not, but hide behind the intimidating mask so well? "You know what I mean, Lord Ren." Ren turned back to the landscape, "I do, but I don't feel the need to give you an adequate answer." "Humph." Phasma grunted, "I guess I'll just have to pry answers out of you." Ren shook his head, "Not going to happen Phasma." The blonde woman smirked, "Sure, Ren." The Knight walked away shaking his head, laughing slightly. This made Phasma feel acomplished, she had broken barrier one. Ren stopped to talk to an Officer holding a mission report, and he turned to Phasma, pulling off his helmet, as she did the same. The expression on his face was grave, "Phasma, your missing troopers were found, dead." "What?" Phasma was astonished, she had sent out almost 3 squarons to exterminate the Rebel villiage, Ren himself had sent out a member of his Knights to secure any major Rebel allies. She ran an armored hand through her short, blonde hair, "This isn't the first case, correct Captain?" She nodded, they were slowly regaining their numbers but not fast enough to lose 36, not including the Knight, stormtroopers. Ren looked at her shaking his head in confusion, "I think we should go see this for ourselves, we can leave a com-link open for any emergencies." Phasma gulped, "Yes, that seems to be necessary now." Ren started down the bridge, "Lutenant Mitka! Prepare a ship for the Captain and I." The quiet Lutenant looked up, nodding swiftly. "Yes sir." Phasma looked to an Officer, taking a report and following Ren. "It seems like our troops are being ambushed, this report states that Rebel fighter and First Order defector, FN-2187, was seen at an ambush." Phasma's voice was clipped and strict, now was no time for personal things, Ren's interogation would have to wait. "The traitor? I thought he was captured." Phasma put her helmet back on, seeing as Ren had already put his back. She shook her head, "No, he was part of the invasion, and escaped with the pilot and scavenger." Ren nodded, stopping in front of the now loaded ship, "I do hope that's the case, I wan't to kill them myself." Phasma frowned beneath her helmet, Ren was focused, yet for the wrong reasons. The duo boarded the ship, the pilot punching in the coordinates as they readied their repective areas. "Lord Ren, I wish to inform you that General Hux shall be joining us, this case being of the utmost importance." The Captain looked at him, waiting for his reaction. Ren's eyes narrowned underneath the black mask, "Whatever," he snarled, "Hux is not of any concern." He walked away, and Phasma shook her head. Ren had access to every mind in the galaxy, but somehow, he couldn't begin to fathom that Hux still loved him. Notes: I love you all Chapter 15 : Pure Notes: Narwhal, Narwhal, livin' in the ocean (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Hux stood in the cold rain, it beat down on him, but he stood firm. Ren was coming, and this would be the first time in almost a month that they saw each other. He looked up, seeing a large ship decending. Hux's eyes narrowed, his back straightend even more, if possible. The bay door opened and all his thoughts flew out the window. Ren stood, tall, unmasked, eyes dead. The General's mind filled with thoughts of torment, he caused this, his beautiful Ren, to be dead, nothing more than the tool Snoke had carved them both to be. The man slinked forward and Hux gazed into Ren's big doe eyes, and emotions hit him hard, he felt as if he was being scalped, then ripped apart as his body simulatainously glued itself back toghether. He gulped, throat dry, breath lost. "Lord Ren." The raven nodded, hair wet, "General Hux." In that moment Hux had fallen, he was standing, physically, mentally, but he felt again that empty craving, that detestable sinking in his gut. "Stormtroopers have gone missing over the past week, and this was the largest number." Ren's voice was mechanic, cold, there was no fire, no passion, no anger. Hux answered in the same monotone, uncaring pitch, "Yes, the troopers came from 3 squadrons assigned to your quadrant." Hux glanced past Ren, seeing Phasma trudging towards them, "Hello Captain." The blonde woman had no mask on either, it was too heavy to wear in the rain. She raised an eyebrow, "General." As the rain bounced soundlessly off her chrome armor, she breifed them on what the alternate squadron had found. "The body of Ren's knight was found near the mountain, and the Stormtrooper blasters were retrived from the cave nearest the tree-line." She pointed towards the large, lush forest that was planted across from them. Ren looked to the mountain, "How do we know Rebel's took them?" Hux grimaced at his question, "We found a note on the Knight's body, saying that the Rebels would kill us," he gestured to himself, Ren and Phasma, "And that General Leia would rise again and become Queen, succeding Queen Padamé." Ren sneered, "What do they want with a Monarch?" Hux shook his head, "The Rebels might be trying to build a galaxy wide government, killing us would assure the fall of the Empire." Phasma wiped the hair that clung to her face, steadily walking to Hux's ship. "We'll need to discuss this someplace dry." Ren nodded curtly, following after her. Hux boarded his ship, walking past stormtroopers and Lieutenants. "Show the Captain and Lord Ren to their rooms, and get their ship to attach to ours." Hux was doing everything he could to keep Ren off his mind, Ren's arms, Ren's kiss, Ren's soft hair, clearly he was failing miserably. He stomped to his room, peeling off the button down shirt and the other wet clothes. The General pulled on another uniform, fixing his hair back into place. The buzz of a com-link shook his data-pad, "Speak," he said, after buttoning his shirt fully, "General, the guests have been shown to their quarters and the confrence room has been set up." Hux slipped on his gloves, "Thank you." The hologram nodded and fizzed out of sight. Hux punched in his code, the door sliding open with a hiss. He walked towards Ren's room, moving silently with focus. He knocked, "Ren," Hux called out, "Open the door." He heard a string of curses, and a hiss of pain. The metal door slid open, "What?" Ren was holding his hand, blood dripping down. The General sighed, "Ren, I want you to meet Phasma and I in the confrence room, and change out of those clothes, you're getting my ship wet." Ren huffed, "I'll be there." Hux recoiled as the door slammed shut, that could've gone better. He stalked to the confrence room, Phasma was already informed and had made her way there already, her armor was wet, so, to her discomfort, she was clad in a standard Captain's uniform. Phasma was an easy 3 inches taller than him, and 5 inches taller than Ren, making her stand out more than Hux's hair. She glared at him. Oh joy. "So," Phasma crossed her arms, "I've heard that you and Ren parted with a spat." She had a slight accent, it only served to make her more intimidating. Hux turned his head, "We did." Phasma nodded slowly, blue eyes narrowed, "Mhm, and did you know, that days after that little argument, Ren almost killed me?" Hux snapped his head back to face her, "What?" The Captain raised an eyebrow, "You heard me. Ren almost chopped my head clean off, of course, he apologized profusley after I had him sedated with WAMPA TRANQULIZER!" She yelled, slamming a fist onto the table in front of her. Ren had become like a little brother to her, she was much older than the other two and because of an unfortunate accident she couldn't have her own children, so Ren had taken it's place. Hux's mouth fell open at her outburst, "I didn't know." Ren was usually calm, unless a mission stressed him out. He stammered, self-loathing leaking through his aura. Phamsa glared harder, "I'm he-"Hux turned, Ren stood in the doorway, clothed in a oversized sweater and training pants, the raven stopped short as he saw Phasma using her 'mom-glare' on Hux. "Phasma?" He asked, wondering what Hux had done. "Nothing, Ren, Hux and I were only having a much needed heart to heart conversation." Ren nodded, skeptical, "Alright then, what do we have on the Resistance?" Hux cleared his throat, Phasma could be very scary when she wanted to. "Well, my men captured a Pilot on a mission 2 weeks ago," he looked to Ren, "He still hasn't spoken, we don't even have his name." "Didn't we capture a Pilot a day before FN-2187 defected?" Phasma pulled up a holoscreen, looking through prisoner records, "Yes, it seems we did, he's listed as a Dameron, Poe: top Pilot of Resistance headquarters." Ren nodded, "I'll interrogate him, expect information by tonight." Hux spoke up, "Of course, I'll inform Supreme Leader of the ongoing case." Notes: Narwhal, Narwhal, makin' a commotion Chapter 16 : Those Who Cry Notes: 12:16 AM (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) "Supreme Leader," Hux looked up at the gigantic hologram, blue light reflecting in his eyes. "Yes, General?" Snoke's voice was slow, dragging out each syllable. "Over the last week almost 5 squadrons have gone missing from their appointed missions, we have caputured a Pilot and Lord Ren is currently questioning him." Snoke's wrinkled face curled up into a sneer, "Well then, General, what are you doing here?" Hux disliked coming to Snoke's chamber, the Leader never answered, he always questioned. Snoke growled lightly, "Go, find the one responsible for these crimes, and don't come back with failure." Hux nodded, watching as Snoke's visage fizzed away before he walked back to the main ship. "General!" A young Liutenant stopped him, "We have information on the disaperances." The ginger nodded, "What is it?" "We found a shard, the weapons team thinks it's from a Kyber Crystal." Hux's eyes narrowed, "So a lightsaber?" He tilted his head at the Lieutenant, "Who has the crystal?" The man flipped through a clipboard, pointing at a name, "Says here that Captain Phasma was given clearance, sir." The General waved the man away, striding purposefully towards the detainment rooms. He was greeted by a stormtrooper guard, who let him pass, opening the hall door with a simple passcode. "Captain," Phasma looked up, she stood in the hall waiting for Ren to finish interogating the Pilot. "General, my recovery team had found a-" "Kyber Crystal, I know." Hux finished for her. She nodded, "Ren is in there," Phasma gestured to one of the rooms, "He belives it's part of Luke Skywalker's saber." Hux grit his teeth, "That could mean it's that Scavenger's doing or Skywalker himself." Phasma shook her head, "He doesn't think so, Ren says there was no one he had a connection too has used the Force lately." "We still shouldn't rule anything out." Hux said, impatience creeping up. The two looked at the door as it opened, Ren stepping out. Hux saw the Pilot, his head bleeding and face covered in bruises. "It's Skywalker's blade." "Do you know who used it?" Hux asked, it was quite obvious whose it was. "Rey. Rey used it last." Ren answered. Phasma blinked, "Rey? You mean the Scavenger?" Ren nodded, "Yes, her." Hux sighed, rubbing his temples, "Did you get any other information?" "The base that the Pilot was at last is stationed on Tython, a backwater planet." Phasma pressed a button on her com-link, "Lieutenant Mitaka, send out a squad of TIE fighters to destroy the Rebel base on Tython." The com-link buzzed, "Yes ma'am." The Captain turned back to the men, "How are we going to 'Rey' out of hiding?" "Ren, can't you search for her Force signature?" Hux said. "I can, but if she's been going through training she could block me from her exact position." Ren touched his skull, closing his eyes in concentration. He opened them after a couple seconds, "She's on Tython, with Skywalker." Hux pressed his com-link, "Officer Taro, belay the Captain's orders, I want you to capture the Scavenger and then destroy the base." Hux let go of the button, not waiting for a reply. "What of Skywalker?" Phasma asked. "Ask Ren." Hux gestured to the other man, exiting the detainment rooms. He arrived at the loading bay window, standing behind a Officer that had control of the release door. Hix tapped the woman's shoulder, glaring as she turned, "If any of these troops defect. I will personally kill you." She looked taken aback, frightened by his threat. "Y-yes, sir." He raised an eyebrow, "Very good." The Lieutenant turned back to speack into the microphone, "All TIE pilots in squad 9 make your way to the designated fighters please. Ground squad 72 board carrier 12, thank you." Hux gazed on as the required troops prepared for the misson, checking weaponry and other essentials. The General grimaced as he remebered the punishment Snoke had given him last time a 'trooper defected, "Keep them in line, Lieutenant." He pat her shoulder, leaving the control room, he would be damned if anything went wrong, and if Ren was going to distance himself any further. Notes: Last chapter I have pre-typed Notes: OMG THIS IS SO SHORT ON AO3! I had posted this on Instagram because I'm a dweeb. Such an original title too, I had nothing else. \(-._.-)/