Hux stood in the pouring sunlight. How ironic. The anniversary of the worst night of his life and it's fucking sunny. Ren was dead, the ginger's best friend was gone. He sighed, the raven, who was barely a man, had fallen to his heart. Literally. Ren had been in a car accident, Hux, being the surgeon at the hospital, found multiple glass shards lodged into one of Ren's arteries. They could save him, but only for a year or two. If luck was on his side. Of course it wasn't. Today, he held a half-empty bottle of whisky, the same bottle that led to the severe intoxication and the impulsive kiss. He really was glad that Phasma had taken them home, having sex in public was an idea Hux wished to fully pass up. Then came the fool's insane notion to stand outside his apartment complex and play the ukelele. He sang 'Tonight You Belong To Me,' by Billy Rose. It sucked. The man had been happy with Ren. Laughing more, his apartment a little more alive, the sound of Ren's deep, rumbling voice tumbled through his head. He was only twenty-four. Now, he held a shot glass, the sun reflecting off of it, lighting up Ren's name ingraved into stone. The ginger poured the whiskey into it, and then dumped the amber liquid. He drank straight from the bottle. He needed it more than Ren. Flashbacks started, he hadn't been here since the funeral, Phasma had moved nearer to him, her PHD in psychology 'telling' her that he needed a close friend right then. And Hux supposed he did, killing himself sounded good, but Phasma, being his last friend, brought a large container of whatever over every Tuesday. One night, Ren didn't call, he didn't play his horrid ukelele songs outside Hux's window or even send a fucking homing pigeon. And then Hux got a call. He shot up, grabbing the phone. "Ren?" Sadly, the voice on the other end was neither deep nor rumbly, it was professional and straight-forward. Ren couldn't even act straight in general, much less straight-forward. And then his life ended. Well not his, but you know. Notes: Thanks for all the support guys, I'll continue to post the other chapters of 'Fade Into You' soon