Ben was consumed by the darkness, the voices, the pain, and oh god, the never-ending darkness. He prayed everyday for deliverance, a futile atempt at calming the sins of the past. An unfortunate accident had left his body in shambles, almost half of it replaced with droid parts. "You are not a human." He'd been told this so many times. Before his return, after his return, during his exile, after his revival. Ben had prayed to anything and everything to make this nothing but a dream. It was still real. His mother was repulsed, he had still killed his father. It wasn't an internal change, he physically was pulled apart, limb by limb, until only his left half was there. Now, his large doe eyes that had been the highlight of Leia's day, were gone, they had left behind a mockery of life, an imitation of an organic man. He couldn't feel anymore, the nerves in his hands severed. But his deeply rooted emotions made up for that, he constantly felt tired, so much had changed from the old Ben and the twisted Kylo Ren. Sometimes, Ben caught himself talking about things, human things, as if he were a full droid. "My sensors do not recive touch patterns, my deepest apologizes." He had spewed it out before he could stop himself. The little girl looked at him, and he knew that he had ruined it. She had brought him a butterfly, asked him to touch it, to feel how soft it's foot pads were. If he was Kylo Ren he would have slaughtered her for such an insult. He didn't though, he only tossed his hood back on and instantaneously told her what his 'touch sensors' couldn't do. She hummed, "That's ok. I'll tell you how it feels." She described a little tickle as it moved, the soft little hairs as it crawled up her skin. Every night, Ben would appear in his mother's base, watching as she worked to undo his actions, she never noticed him. But that night, Ben Solo went to his mother, not as a man nor a droid. He went as a Force Ghost and this time she noticed. Notes: I hope I can learn to write better