Varying bodies danced in front of her, the music completley contrasting their clothing styles. This was meant to be some kind of formal thing, though instead people were grinding against each other as if they were horny teenagers. Some were, yes, but that was completely beside the point. Slouched over in her seat, elbow upon her knee, chin against her closed fist, no signs of aggression were clear on this woman's face. Instead, she was bored upon her perch. No doubt that someone had spiked the punch, the pinkish-red liquid had a bit of a pequlear smell to it, and even if she tried to take a small sip, she was forced to spit it out. It was a foreign taste, and it was warming in, what felt like, chilled hands. Groaning, she set the clear cup upon the table and returned to her position, empty hand grasping her scroll as she began to type away to her sister, only for a reply to become 'call me'. She stood, no hesitation as she made her way through the bodies, her dress poofed out a bit more than others, though she didn't care. It was simple -- even easy to move around in. Yet, she couldn't help but feel like she was missing something. Even with the crimson fabric and black detailing, she couldn't help but feel like a layer of skin was missing. It was her cloak, a brighter red than her dress, though it hadn't crossed her mind as she tried to keep balance upon her 'lady stilts'. Instead, her mind crossed over to the more recent events of what had been happening. After a couple of ships had come crashing onto the planet of Remnant, fleets of galactic ships had come to conquer. Rather than complying, General Ironwhood instead had the idea of making peace, giving over some of their tech for a symbol that they were not a threat. Fleets came and went as they pleased, using the planet as a resource for all of their basic necesities -- food, water, building supplies, and hell, they even scooped up some of the best weaponmakers. She was one of them. Though, she was also a huntress. Nothing to big, nor to special, yet her rank begged to disagree. She was on the younger side of the actual working people of the galactical society, and her sister was all to happy to just simply sit around. It was the same with the committee who decided to make a dance. Important people were there, which is part of the reason why she wanted to leave. The other part was she had a dog waiting at home. She could not afford to leave Zwei alone at home again for a long period of time -- he would tear her room to shreds! Typing in her sister's number, she began to look forward, to her pleasure, the exit was near, and nobody had bothered asking her for a dance. Looking down to the white light shining in her face, she grinned, ready to press the 'call' button, bright and green, the letters in caps. The grin fell off her face as she was forced to a halt, bumping into someone. What only put a damper on her mood wasn't that she bumped into someone, instead her back became soaked with the punch, she must have smacked into them to hard. Her gaze lifted itself, silver eyes widening in fear as they stared up to a masked face, and terror wasn't the only thing shivering its way through her spine. Her mouth opened, and she began to sputter apologies, jumping back a ways, possibly five feet, and even nearly stumbling on her heels. " Comm -Commander Ren! I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to bump into you I was just trying to call my sister and ask her to pick me up I'm so sorry dear god pleasedon'thurtme -- " A hand was held up as she straigtened, terror only being fueled by the stoic responce. She wasn't shaking, rather trying to warm up. Going from being covered neck down to not having anything on her legs, arms, and a shorter skirt than she was used to, it was seeming cold despite a slight bead of sweat rolled down to her temple before dissappearing into her brunette-crimson locks. "State your name." His voice was even more terrifying, though she couldn't make out any real emotion from his words. It was distorted, and she couldn't help but shrink at the three words. "Ru-Ruby Rose, sir--" "Give me a reason to let you off with a warning." Beside him, a scoff was made from his associate, ginger-haired and steel-esque blue eyes. He look a bit pleased at the embarrasment she was already recieving, in a sort of 'you haven't seen anything yet'. She knew the power of the Commander in front of her, even seen it used a couple of times. What with them being choked to unconciousness, the damaged rooms caused by the weird sword-thing, and even throwing things against walls. Her hands searched for some fabric to wrap themselves around, twist, pull, even yank, though she instead dipped her head down to the ground and settled on picking at her nails. "I-...I don't have one...Apart from I was only trying to leave, everyone here seems to only wanna grind up against each other...Maybe someone spiked the punch..." She hunched her shoulders, voice small, though he picked it up over the music. "Wait, the same Ruby Rose who defeated five whole hoards of grimm without any assistance?" "Y-yes, sir, Commander Hux, sir." She felt like she was something far to important, even learning that she was far to important. Silver eyes bore into the ground, and she wished that she wasn't destined for some 'warrior prophecy' thing. Shifting upon her feet, she remebered how it went, specific steps if they were an alpha, and don't waste bullets on runts. Hack, slash, hack, slash, bullet, bullet, bullet -- "I don't advice you think of your fighting strategies during a conversation." the Commander in black robes spoke, staring Ruby down with a sort of glare. A slight headache bored its way to her skull as she nodded. A slow song came on through the speakers, and bright lights flashing turned to a gently spinning disco-ball flinging bright colors across the walls, shimmering slowly. The punch felt sticky now, having dried. The General and the Commander exchanged looks, though Ruby kept her eyes on the ground, more interested in the hem of her skirt than the two men exchanging conversation. A gentle tap was upon her shoulder, and she breathed in, preparing to get injured from the weapon settled upon his hip. Instead, a hand was held out to her, and she looked up at the supiror who was staring down at her. "Can I have this dance?" The line was cheesy -- even if it was delivered by one of the people she feared most. Her hand hesitantly reached for the leather one being offored to her, and he guided her to the crowded dance-floor. She would've thought that people would respect the arms length rule, but some people were flush against others. Reaching a hand up to his shoulder, she gently set it there, and a hand encircled her waist. Some gave her weird looks, others gave her looks which screamed 'gossip'. She shoved them out of her mind, and instead began to focus on her footing. Her feet weren't as graceful as she thought them to be, they betrayed her and only brought her to his chest when she tripped, only to be caught by the guy standing at least a foot over her. The dance ended quicker than she'd wished, and he pulled away from her awkwardly. A hand was set onto her shoulder and she looked to it then to the mask. "Good dancing. Work on your footing and your balance with heels before next time." With that, he turned and strode back to the General. She padded for her scroll, only to find it in one of her pockets as she walked towards the doors. Pushing them open, she walked out to the brisk air of the outside. Spring chilled her bones, and she couldn't help but frown as she thought. "What does he mean by ' next time '?" Notes: I have no idea how old Hux or Kylo is, so I hoped you enjoyed how I aged up Ruby for a crack ship! ...Or at least implied it anyways. I dunno, I've been thinking about this for awhile, so it just came to me. If you have any weird crack ships you'd like me to write, please let me know! I'd be glad to do it whenever I'm in a writing mood!