-Let me introduce you to something called the force… Kylo Ren/Ben Solo ex leader of Knight of Ren, ex student of Supreme leader Snoke, ex pupil and nephew of Luke Skywalker and son of Han Solo and Leia Organa was nervous. In front of Ben was his 15 year old son Kei Solo and his 13 year old daughter Myri Solo.Both children looked annoyed before their father spoke “As you know…You two have never known about your grandparents…and that is for a reason…”Kei snorted before saying “Father..as much as this talk is fun…I have to go to school.”Before Kei could walk out of the door he froze when Ben raised his hand towards him. Myri gasped at what her father did to her brother and said, “Father…w-what d-did you do?”Ben took a deep breath and released Kei who turned around in shock, “as I was saying…have you learned about any historical events? ”Myri and Kei shook their heads now eager to know what their father was telling them. “There is something called….the force..What I just did to you Kei was the force.” Myri breathed out “The forces?What else can it do?!!!Are you like a superhero?!” Kei just looked curious at his father who responded dryly “I’m far from a superhero…..however these people who have the force are powerful.There is something called the Darkside and the Lightside….” Myri blinked before saying “This Darkside..what does it do?” Ben looked down at his children before saying “The Darkside is when a force sensor does bad and even horrifying things like killing….” Kei and Myri’s eyes widen at their father’s response before Ben ignored them “well this force is also in you two since your mother and I also had the force in us so natural it was passed down to you two.Kei looked at his hands before saying “what is the use for the force father?” Ben blinked before smiling sadly “That I don’t know…its your decision to figure out what you want to do with the force…now should we go to your brother and mother?” Rey was busy looking at her youngest child Daska Solo who was 9 years old.Daska was a young but happy child however Rey felt that something was bothering him even though he didn’t say anything.Daska was busy running around in the playground with his friends when he saw his father and eldest siblings walking together to his mother.Instead Daska felt jealous since they looked like a complete family without him. “Yes they do look like a happy family don’t they?” Daska blinked at what his head said. “ Who are you?” He asked the voice in his head. “I’m a friend…” was the reply. Daska shrugged before running towards his parents.When he came closer he heard Myri saying something about a force.Puzzled Daska walked up to his siblings and said “What is the force?” Myri rolled her eyes as Kei smirked “That, is something you will know when you are older. ”Daska puffed out his cheeks before walking over to his father who was busy talking to Rey. “Ben…I don’t know if this is a good idea…Snoke could be-“ “Please Rey they need training as a jedi when Snoke does come back.” “But Ben Snoke is dead!He just vanished for years!” “Rey you don’t know his as well as I do….he might be plotting something dang-hello Daska buddy what’s the matter?” Ben and Rey glanced over at their youngest son who asked “father what is the force?”Ben and Rey both tensed up before Ben said “Daska I will tell you when you are older…for now just go play with your brother and sister…”Daska clenched his fist before saying “okay..”Rey smiled sadly before smiling and kissing the top of Daska’s head “why don’t you come with me to the market and we can get something yummy?” Daska nodded before walking off with Rey before he turned to face his father who held him a unknown expression which confused him.As Rey and Daska left Ben turned to his other children “let’s force train you two.” Kei and Myri already could use the force a bit before Ben gave them a sort glowing stick.Both children looked questionably at him as Ben explained “Jedi use a weapon called a lightsaber like this one.” The children looked awed at Ben as he activated his lightsaber which was still Red-a memory of what he was in the past. Kei rose a eyebrow before exclaiming “Why is it red?Didn’t you say Lightside uses Green and Blue?” Myri spoke first “wait red means from the Darkside!” Ben smiled sadly “correct..a red lightsaber is meant for a sith jedi…however I changed when I met your mother..now show me what you two can do.” Rey was busy looking at the food when she sensed something bad was going to happen.As she looked upwards she saw First Order ships with stormtroopers. Quickly she unleashed her lightsaber that glowed blue before saying to Daska “stay close…”.As the stormtroopers spotted Rey they all held their guns at her before Rey shouted “Daska go to the forest now!” Daska was stunned and couldn’t move from his spot until Rey roughly moved him with the force slaming him out of trance before running.Rey was busy holding off the stormtroopers and not noticing Hux had slipped around and ran after the boy.Daska was heavy running before he smacked into his best friend Ash who looked horrified “Daska!What is going on?”Daska ignored him and said “We have to get o-“ “Nice try kids but you are going to die now!” Said Hux as he pointed a weapon at Ash and Daska. Ben be like when he finds out that Hux is going to kill his child. Chapter 2 : The truth Notes: I don't know what I did.....XD (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ash started to tremble in fear as Hux walked closer towards them. Daska's eyes narrowed as he watched the man walked to them before lifting up his weapon infront of him. "So you're Kylo Ren and Rey's son?You don't look at all as a force user..."taunted Hux. Daska spatted out "My father is Ben Solo not this Kylo Ren!" Hux laughed before saying "you don't know do you?" Daska's eyes showed confusion as Hux continued "Your father lied to you about this..He was after all a member of the First Order..." Daska's eye widen before he said trembling "that's not true!" Hux smirked victorious before thinking Leader Snoke would be so happy to know we have found our new leader of Knights of Ren... Hux began circling around Daska like a wolf who was surrounding its prey "Your father was a force user....and used it for evil...he killed his own schoolmates and betrayed his parents...and you want to know the best part?He even killed his own father!" Daska's eyes watered before he hissed out "m-my father would never have done that!I know him!" Hux smirked before saying "Go ahead and tell him what happened to Han Solo...he will be able to answer that to you.." The boy trembled before Hux said "You know Daska we could use your power if you have mastered the force...but since you haven't yet I will triggered it for you." Before Daska could say anything Hux had pointed the gun at Ash and shot him in the heart. With a sicking crunch Ash stumbled onto the ground dead as Daska slowly turned around as his eye pupil grew thin. His best friend Ash had just died in front of him and he was useless to stop it. Before he knew it he had pushed Hux roughly into the tree with he force and choking him. Hux couldn't help put smirk "Y-you know you look like Kylo Ren and Darth Vader..." Daska's eyes were like slits before he sneered out with tears "Y-you monster!You killed my friend!!!" Hux smirked "Well actually you did." " What?!" said Daska as he lowered Hux. Before Daska could do anything Hux had raised his gun ready to damage Daska further when a glowing red lightsaber slashed against him. "Ah Kylo,you took your time!I was just about to shoot your son's head off."Hux sneered out as Ben gritted his teeth with Daska lookking shocked. Ben knew he could't kill Hux right now due to Daska being here so he pushed Hux roughly into the tree and grabbed Daska in one hand with Daska asking to hold his lightsaber which he quickly deactivated and on the other hand Ash's body. After they freed from Hux Ben arrived with Rey,Myri and Kei who looked shocked at Ash's body. Rey launched over to Daska and hugged him as he sobbed furiously. For once Myri and Kei looked down sadly at their young brother as Ben turned to Daska. Daska turned around to look at his father and said furiously "Father...did you kill Han Solo?" Ben;s eyes widen as Rey looked at him expecting him to finally tell the truth no matter how bad. "Yes...I-I did.."was his rely as Daska slowly backed away from him. Ben knew the look Daska had and it wasn't pretty..it was like he was looking in a mirror from when he was young-before he slaughtered Luke's students at the Jedi Academy. Ben reached out to Daska who looked terrified and hurt before Daska screamed out "I hate you!I wish you had died instead of your father who you kiled!" Ben flinched as Rey looked shocked at her son. Myri and Kei turned to Daska who glared at them "I hate you guys the most...." Ben smiled sadly before saying "Daska...don't go to the Darkside..." Daska flinched like he was shot before he sneered out "You know what?That's what I will do!I will become the new leader of Knight of Ren and you guys can't stop me!" Before anyone could do anything Hux appeared with a ship as Daska turned around and followed Hux into the ship. Ben and Rey couldn't breath and Ben looked hopelessly at the ship as it disappeared. Myri spoke first "Father...why did Daska talk like that?" Ben looked down before saying to himself "This feeling would have been what my parents felt after I left..." Rey could only comfort him by saying "Ben he was taken by the Darkside and Snoke was behind his anger.." Kei turned to his parents before saying "Now we need to train extra hard to get Daska back.." Ben nodded as he turned to Rey who said "Kei and Myri how would you two want to meet your grandmother and some of our friends?" Notes: I feel sad for killing off a character... Notes: Please write a comment for feedback since this is my first Starwars fanfiction:D