He was securing his power base. That was what he was doing. Emperor Hux was securing his power base. It was a great political move, and one many of his advisors had brought up of their own volition over the years, and Hux was only doing as they had advised. He was using their advice to tell… to ask? To bring up the possibility of asking the man to be his consort. He was technically a prince on his mother’s side. Hux was securing his power base as Emperor. He definitely was not head over heels for his bodyguard. It was a great political move. - Hux had turned ten at three AM that morning. It was nearing midnight, now, as he sat in a doorway and watched his pocketwatch by the streetlights. His nose was running and he’d long since had to resort to sniffing. He had used up every available centimetre of his handkerchief to wipe away the snot and he refused to use the sleeve of his coat to mop up the unhygienic liquid. The sniffing helped him hide the sobbing, and the sobbing gave him an excuse as to why his sleeve was wet. He watched the last ticks of the clock carrying the hands past midnight and he let out a deep breath, the air clouding around his face in a puff of white air. He watched for another minute until he stuffed the watch away, angry fingers shoving the cold metal deep into the folds of his clothes. It wasn’t his birthday anymore. That made him feel slightly better. His ears were cold, the kind of cold accompanied by an ache in the jaw, and his eyes were sore from his tears. He tucked his gloved hands under his armpits and pulled his knees up to his chest. Ten years old and Crown Prince to an Empire bigger than humans could feasibly conceive. That used to make him happy. His father had often told him how, as Empress, his mother was the single most important person in too many star systems to count. How every light in the night sky would someday belong to him. He could see the stars, now, if he looked up, but somehow the thought of the flickering pinpricks watching him made his chest constrict. His father was the Empress’ consort, chosen because of his Military prowess. It had been an incredible honour, his father had said on many occasion, to have been picked to sire the Empress’ son. Her Excellency had been pleased, too, for the colour of his hair and his ability for intelligence. Hux had inherited both, and his mother had been pleased. The Crown Prince would be intelligent, beautiful and terrifying. And married. Hux sniffed, feeling his lower lip tremble. Hux’s consort had already been chosen for him. For his tenth birthday. Their engagement had been made official that morning, and they would be married in ten years. Hux didn’t want to be married . He didn’t want to have a consort . He wanted to rule the Galaxy and be intelligent and terrifying and be respected. He didn’t need a husband. He wouldn’t even get to know who he was marrying until they were married because of stupid traditions and stupid safety precautions. If no-one but the officials knew who his fiance was, his father had explained, nobody could assassinate the suitor or attempt to use the ten years to taint him. Crown Prince Hux, heir apparent to the Galaxy didn’t get to have a say in the matter, so he used his intelligence, his ability to strategize, and he ran away. He hid his hair under a hat, stole a serving boy’s clothes and walked out of the palace with a bag. That, he had thought, would teach them. There had been a lot of sirens that morning. And then, strangely, silence. Hux had felt the thrill of the sirens. He had found them incredibly satisfying; they showed him that he was an important person. So many officials having to abandon other duties in order to locate him. It would be a drain on tax money. People would be executed for letting him out of their sight. He wondered how many had already been shot, just to show the Empress that the security team valued their job. It was an exciting thought. Adults toppling one another in his name. Then, around midday, the sirens had stopped. Silence. Streets had emptied. With no access to information (he had left all technology in the palace, he knew they could be tracked,) he wondered whether there was a national lockdown. Whether people were allowed out of their houses. Around five in the afternoon, Hux’s rational mind had been out-talked by his flights of fancy. Thoughts of lockdowns and searches died under the buzz of continued repetitions of ‘they hate you, they’re celebrating, they always hated you, they’re celebrating’. As the dark had set in and cold had him huddled on a stranger’s doorstep, he had had no company but the words. Fiance. Consort. Married. They hated you. Celebrations. He wondered whether his mother would be disappointed that her next heir did not have red hair. Or whether she and his father would simply try again. Attempt to sire a child who did not run away. A child that did not fail them. He sniffed. He supposed he could live as an orphan, working for his bread. He was beautiful, and intelligent, and could be terrifying. He might only be ten, but he was sure there were workhouses in this area of the planet. He would train on the streets, develop his muscle so he could be brawnier, like his father, and people would respect him. It would be funny if he showed up at the palace in twenty years to see his replacement sibling getting married. He wondered if they would recycle his current fiance for Hux III, or whether they would have to scrap whoever it was for a new one. What would happen to his fiance? Would he forever wonder what happened to his Crown Prince groom? Would he be as happy as Hux to have escaped the torment? Or maybe he had been honoured, like Hux’s father. Honoured to marry the Emperor. To sit next to the Emperor at dinners and have a uniform no other soldier did. To wear a crown. At their age, it would be unlikely that Hux’s fiance had won the position through military prowess like Hux’s father, unless the fiance was significantly older… Hux sniffed at the thought. Perhaps one of his father’s associates had asked for the honour of being Hux’s consort. Hux could think of at least three likely to do so. Maybe his fiance was already a prince. A boy prince like himself. He wondered if his fiance knew that he was going to be the Emperor’s husband, or if it would be kept from him who his betrothed was. It was an amusing thought, his fiance living for ten years under the impression that he was going to marry a strange man, only to find Hux there at the ceremony. He pictured a man, twenty one years old, considering it strange that his marriage day coincided with Hux’s. Would the man be pleased, or shocked? Pleased that he would have a beautiful, powerful, Emperor of a husband, or shocked that he would be shackled to the most powerful man in the Galaxy with no chance to voice an opinion until death? Well, that was pointless to think about, now, because Hux had run away and he was going to become a street-fighting blacksmith’s apprentice until he was knighted under a false name and went to his sibling’s marriage. - Hux violently attempted to forget the time he had run away. He had been a child, immature, ridiculously melodramatic and angry at his parents, at the Government for being able to control him. After he had spent the wee hours of the morning crying, he had stood up, walked into a main street, was instantly recognised and grabbed. A week later, it was if nothing had happened. There was still a standing gag order on the news, and nobody but those who needed to be so remained alive to tell the tale. A year until his wedding day, he was invited into the throne-room with a stunning lack of pomp. He saw his mother rarely, even rarer that he was summoned alone, but here he stood, soon to reach his twentieth birthday, tall, beautiful, intelligent, standing at parade rest before his mother. His fiance had disappeared five years ago, she told him, dropped off the map at age fifteen. Well, that, at least, told Hux that his fiance had been the same age, which was something. He allowed that he had been harbouring the idea that his future husband would be a war-weary old General with a sense of dread-filled trepidation for far too long to feel anything but a wave of relief for a good long second before the rest of the sentence filtered through. So his fiance had left at fifteen and anyone who knew him and his connection to Hux had been on the hunt, but to no avail. Well, it wasn’t surprising. Who would be able to stomach being told that you were to be wed to Hux? To the soon-to-be Emperor? He saluted his ex-fiance’s ability to escape the arrangement. He still cried, that night. Abandoned by someone he had hated for ten years. How humiliating. He wondered whether the man had been living a carefree life, away from the threat of Hux, for the five years. It set the pit of his stomach on fire, knowing that he had been having nightmares about his fiance for a decade, had been dreading every second that edged him closer to his wedding day, while someone who was not a Crown Prince, who would not ever hold the power of the Galaxy in his hands, could change his life so dramatically, so easily. He would have to cut off any other person who could harm him like this. It wouldn’t do to be reduced to so little by one person. - “So, you're Kylo Ren. Take off the mask.” “No.” Hux should not have let himself show weakness, but his jaw clenched at being so blatantly disobeyed so early into Kylo’s employment. If Kylo had not been so highly skilled, Hux might have had him killed on the spot. “Kylo Ren, you seem not to understand your job. When I tell you to do something, you obey me. Take off your mask.” Hux hoped his tone was commanding, did not sound like a man just out of his teens. He didn’t know how old this Knight was, not underneath the mask, and it was hard enough as it was to gauge the obedience of both the young and the old without the hindrance. There was a moment where Hux honestly thought Kylo would activate his lightsaber and assassinate him, but it passed. Instead of flinching towards his weapon, Kylo's hand reached to his helmet to unfasten the horrid metal. Under the shining metal, Kylo was youthful and not unattractive. He would serve equally well by Hux’s side with or without the mask, though perhaps with different jobs. If Hux ever needed a pretty face beside him, Kylo would do as a double. It was a pity they did not look more alike; Hux had heard of Queens who used their handmaids as doubles. Kylo might do on planets whose beings could not distinguish humans from one another, at least. “You look familiar. Where did you train?” “Not here.” Hux considered the answer with a small twitch of the lips. Kylo had not disputed his familiarity, had started, even minutely at the insinuation. “How enigmatic. How do I know you?” “Family.” Hux nodded. He assumed ‘Kylo’ was a nom de guerre, being one of the Knights of Ren, and by the look currently being levelled at him, Hux knew not to ask further. Well, at least Kylo’s family had been respectable enough to have previously graced their society, even if Kylo was not. He must then have some semblance of court training, enough to trust Kylo not to say anything outlandish to important guests. “Fine. You may put your mask on. Dismissed.” Kylo gave a small bow, respectful despite his countenance, and left, leaving Hux to watch him. His skill with the force was undeniable, even if his character left something to be desired. Hux’s previous bodyguard had perished in an assassination this morning, and apparently Kylo had been second on the list, ready to take the position as soon as the need had arisen. Hux had not particularly liked his previous guard, had not liked any guard since his tenth birthday: most were told to prevent him from running away, and more than a couple held personal vendettas against him for his ruthless reputation towards guards. Well, it was their job to die for him, why should he feel any sort of attachment towards their lives? Now that Kylo had been given Hux’s approval, he would be briefed before starting work tomorrow morning. Hux had approximately twelve hours of almost-freedom, until his constant companion would join his side. Until then, a temporary watch would be placed beside him, but nothing was more annoying to Hux than someone designated to know you, to know your tics and mannerisms, to be trained to tell whether you were you. Guards fuelled his ego, made him feel like the powerful Crown Prince he was. A bodyguard was a childminder. - Hux had gotten better at escaping the palace over the years. After the first time, he had never been caught. He hadn’t attempted an escape for more than five years after the first, but with his track record of pissing off, and / or killing his bodyguards, he had made a habit of disappearing with every change-over. He would sometimes only leave the palace grounds for a walk, a minute or two. One time, he had discovered the nearest city’s clubbing scene and hadn’t returned until the small hours of the morning. Another he had made it to another planet entirely by hitchhiking. Tonight he was not sure where he would end up, but as he dressed, he could feel his attitude towards the day spill out into his choice of clothing. Kylo had been tall, had made Hux feel uncharacteristically short, and so Hux wore heels. They made him more intimidating, just that slight addition to his height. Hux enjoyed wearing heels. They had taken getting used to, as a boy, but strengthened now, he could walk as easily in them as in his military boots. He made his face paler, a feat he was particularly proud of, whitening his face from a light pink down to paper white, and applied heavy gold eyelashes that flicked like a bird's’ wings as he blinked. Over his eyelids he applied a shimmer that his mother had been impressed with on her travels and had brought it back for him: a heavy, deep colour like gold ingots, and, thinking of Kylo again, chose a black wig, fringe parted three-seven that wrapped into a long coil on the back of his head. He attached a golden headdress, a cascade of beads to further hide his face and down to meet his dress, red and gold, easy to wrap around himself, disguising his body behind folds of material. The only negative was that the dress was long, hiding the lines of his leg, highlighted by the heel. It would have to do. He made his way through to his secret exit, prepared to find some stranger to intimidate. “Nice wig.” Hux stopped dead. He would not allow himself to show weakness. He refused to let his shoulders jump in embarrassment, or to let them slump at having been caught. “Going somewhere?” The voice continued. Kylo’s true voice was muzzled by the mask, the regulator depleting emotion, but Hux did not need to hear the tone to recognise amusement. “Yes. I shall see you tomorrow, when you are on duty.” Hux watched from the corner of his eye as Kylo straightened from where he had been leaning beside Hux’s door to come stand in front of him. Hux was slightly taller now, able to look down on Kylo without necessitating a tilt of his head, and Kylo seemed confused by the fact. Hux smiled, the expression not reaching his eyes. “You’re dismissed, Kylo.” “I was told not to let you out of your room, your Excellency .” Kylo shifted on his feet in an obvious bid to gain height on Hux. “And I’m telling you that you’re dismissed.” Hux didn’t know who was keeping Kylo here, but it was not relief that filled him as Kylo took one step to the aside, gesturing Hux to pass. “Where are we going?” Kylo asked as he trailed after Hux, long legs able to keep up with Hux’s stride. Hux did not want to have an argument. Arguments meant that you were not being respected. Hux was a Prince. Kylo was a Knight. Equally, turning back to his room would construe a loss, and so Hux was at a loss. “Do you know any good bars?” he asked with as little emotion as he could muster. Kylo didn’t reply, stood stock still and silent. Hux sighed. “If you’re coming with me, you have to leave the mask.” It was a terrible last-ditch attempt to put Kylo off, and to no avail. The man removed the helmet with a soft click and disappeared into Hux’s room to deposit it. And so Hux ended up spending his attempted escape from his bodyguard, drinking with said bodyguard. It turned out that Kylo did not know any good bars, whether because he didn’t drink, or because he was new to the planet, Hux couldn’t quite make out. Hux was not, technically, of legal drinking age, and neither, he found out, was Kylo, but neither looked young, with their height and their build, and so they were served without necessitating the provision of identification. The walk to the bar had been fine, Hux was used to silence, either from reverence or because his guards were not permitted to talk to him, and so he felt the same then, Kylo simply escorting him to his next destination. The bar, however, was a lot less easy to construe as such. It was expensive, though certainly not top of the range, and so Hux felt adequately dressed, but the atmosphere of the bar was informal, a smooth music playing just quiet enough to be heard over the soft conversations. Alone, he might have felt comfortable, watching strangers interact, or even entertaining the odd attempt at being hit on. With Kylo… it was hard not to recognise the associations in eyes of the bar’s inhabitance. Hux and Kylo were either siblings or spouses, and neither identity promoted an easy lay, as it were. So they were left alone for the most part, the only interruption being the waiter, topping up their drinks. Hux wondered if Kylo thought of himself, at this moment, as Hux’s bodyguard, or if he too had created a fictional identity for himself and was playing along with Hux’s escapist fantasies. By the fact that Kylo had not hesitated to accept an alcoholic beverage, Hux was assuming Kylo’s being here was not because his job necessitated it. “After you ran away, you were kidnapped.” Well, that was one way to start a conversation, Hux thought. “So you read the file.” Most of the bodyguards brought it up eventually, wanting to show how powerful they were, allowed into the secret of the Hux family. “Yes, the Crown Prince run away and got himself kidnapped.” “You're a shit Prince.” Well Kylo was certainly honest. “I could have you killed for treason.” “But you won’t.” “And you’re so sure because?” Kylo just shook his head, which wasn’t much in the way of an answer, but Hux was above asking twice. Instead he crossed one leg over his other, attempting for lazy nonchalance. “You’re wearing heels.” Hux’s dress had parted to reveal the secret to his sudden height, but Hux still refrained from commenting on Kylo’s intelligence. “Yes,” he said, instead of ‘how else did you think I grew six inches?’ “You shouldn’t.” “Excuse me?” “You shouldn’t wear heels. You make me look insignificant.” Hux could feel a frown grow, but stopped it before it could develop. “Excuse me?” He asked again, a touch more incredulous. “If you make your bodyguard look weak, people will disrespect you.” “People should not be looking at my bodyguard. They should be looking at, and fearing, me. Their last disrespectful thoughts should be that I looked terrifying, not you.” “It’ll be harder for you to run if there’s an emergency.” “Do you have a problem with the heels, Kylo Ren , or with me?” Kylo shrugged, a gesture that removed a decade from his features. He looked like a young boy, sipping at his juice. “They’re impractical.” “You’re impractical. Your hair is impractical. Your mask is impractical.” Hux could hear the words escape his mouth, but he was powerless to stop them. He sounded bratty, even to his own ears. To his amusement, Kylo tucked his hair behind his ear, either embarrassed or self-conscious about it. Hux concluded that the topic of conversation had closed after a few minutes of Kylo avoiding looking at him. Hux considered that a win. “Do you remember… did you ever meet a boy named Ben Organa-Solo?” The words were said cautiously, like Kylo wasn’t sure whether he was saying them outloud. Ben Organa-Solo. It took a moment, but he remembered the boy. Ben had always been crying as a child. He had been mildly annoying, mildly pretty and mildly competent. A prince, technically, on his mother’s side, which meant he and Hux were allowed to ‘play’. As a boy he had had sandy brown hair, Hux remembered, his fringe long enough to instill an incredibly annoying twitch in the bo. Every few seconds he would shake the hair out of his eyes. Hux had very nearly cut the hair himself, wondering what, exactly, the Organa-Solo family were thinking by allowing him to develop such annoying tics at such a developmental phase. Once Hux had seen Solo, the father, Hux had understood. He was an annoying man, and it must have run in the family. Hux was surprised at Ben’s mother, though, whose own mother had had a beautiful sense of fashion. Hux knew from his own research that General Organa had had a fashionable upbringing too, which only confirmed that Ben’s state of disarray was his father’s fault. “Yes. A small thing, timid.” “Hm.” Kylo’s eyes roamed the bar for a while longer before pulling in, his attention focusing on his drink. “Did you like him?” “Why, is he dead?” “Technically.” “‘Technically’? How tedious.” When, a couple of seconds later, Kylo inclined his head to look at Hux, he realised the man actually expected an answer. “I suppose he wasn’t too beastly.” “...beastly?” Hux sighed, blaming his loose lips on the alcohol. Well, if he was going to be stuck with Kylo for the foreseeable future, there was no point directly antagonising the man, especially considering how volatile he seemed to be. “He was tolerable. Not a rowdy child like the rest of them, nor controlled by his parents. Many children came to visit me with an agenda. ‘Make the Prince like you so he can give us money’, ‘curry his favour so you have a chance at consort’. Well. Most of those stopped after the announcement.” “Announcement?” “My fiance.” Kylo thought for a second, and Hux watched his features, finding it incredible how young the man looked. Kylo bit his lip slightly and Hux averted his gaze, feeling the drink kick in. “Most?” “What?” “You said ‘most’ of the attempts to win your hand stopped.” Hux smiled at the idiom, imagining the children attempting to woo him with flowers or with poetry. “Yes, well, a couple of the persistent ones thought they’d be able to steal me away, as it were, and usurp my fiance’s power over me.” “Did it ever work?” Hux raised an eyebrow, wondering how much he should be giving away. He didn’t trust Kylo, probably never would, and this could all be a ploy to sell the media some sort of gossip. “No,” he said, truthfully, trying to level his voice so he didn’t sound suspicious. Kylo’s eyes flicked to his and Hux held the inquisitive stare for a few seconds before Kylo looked away, taking a sip of his drink. “Are you going to find a new consort?” Hux frowned, an involuntary twitch of the eyebrows that he would have to work on getting rid of. He pushed away the idea of outright denying the fact, not wanting to seem weak because of it. “I didn’t know it was public knowledge that I did not still have one.” “I was briefed on the situation.” Hux bit the inside of his lip. There were only a few trusted members who knew of the secret, and none would have had permission to tell Kylo, no matter his status. Perhaps in a few years, when it would become suspicious that Hux still had not married, Kylo might have been informed, but certainly not now, not when any rumour like that could undermine his authority. “Were you also granted permission to query me about it?” Kylo’s gaze dropped like he’d been burnt, lips thinning as he avoided catching Hux’s eye. “No,” Hux said, eventually. “I had never intended on replacing my consort.” Hux was attempting to buy Kylo’s loyalty with his truthfulness, though didn’t want to offer any answers too easily. Hopefully the story wouldn’t be plastered over the media tomorrow morning, with proposals for his hand flooding through the mail. “Why?” Kylo, it seemed, wished to make things hard for Hux, which was a sure way to make him mulish. “For reasons I would rather not tell someone like you.” Kylo looked up and Hux took the look with a silent dare for Kylo to disobey him. There was a quiet anger in Kylo’s eye, a brief fire, but it was dowsed before it could grow and Kylo shrugged, as if he really didn’t care, so Hux let it go. “We should head back,” Kylo said instead, downing the rest of his drink as Hux sipped at the last of his own. “Wouldn’t want you to miss your beauty sleep.” Hux beat down the sudden sense of disappointment, the shock of the definite emotion temporarily freezing him. He was not lonely, Hux told himself as he stood up, and Kylo was not here to be his friend. Kylo was his bodyguard, had only joined him for drinks because he needed to feel superior to Hux, to let Hux know that there was no escape. Hux took the lead on the walk back home, willing his limbs to cooperate so he wouldn’t do anything quite so frightful as tripping and incurring an ‘I told you so’ from the man following. He hoped Kylo would be assassinated soon so that he could return to the beautiful monotony of expected answers and dull praise. Away from the expressive features and insolent remarks. - A year into Kylo’s employment and he still hadn’t been assassinated. Hux had turned twenty one and nearly every time he went outside, the press asked when he was to be wed. Soon, he’d have to think of a viable answer, but not quite yet. For now, he remained the beautiful (terrifying) crown prince, with an eerie, looming shadow, complete with silver mask. It was a wonder how nobody had taken a potshot at the damn thing; it seemed to glint no matter how dim the lighting was, sending spots of distracting lights across the opposite side of the room every time the fool moved his head while Hux was talking. But, as annoying as Kylo was with the mask on, nothing could get more annoying than Kylo without the damn thing, because terrifying, beautiful Crown Prince Hux had spent more or less the entirety of the last year feeling personally attacked by Kylo Ren’s face. Kylo himself left much to be desired: it was a wonder the man remained on the staff with the amount of property (both Hux’s and foreign dignitary’s,) Kylo had broken in the course of the year. His attitude was toxic, he very rarely talked but to criticise Hux, and yet there Hux was, pining, hard. It was currently manageable. All he had to do was make sure Kylo did not remove his helmet as much as he could, so that Hux didn’t have to spend ridiculous amounts of time purposefully not looking at his face . Only, after the first night of mask-less galavanting, Kylo seemed to have come to the understanding that when they were not in public, he could remove his mask, doing so as soon as Hux retired from the day’s duty. Hux’s rooms were multiple and Kylo shared his living space in case of assassination or late-night emergency, but where Hux’s previous bodyguards would stand to attention next to the door in perfect, statue-like silence until it was their designated time to sleep, Kylo removed his armour as soon as he came through the door, threw said armour into his adjoining bedroom, then went to lounge on the sofa. It was lewd, and unprofessional, and Hux would have had every other bodyguard shot for having the nerve to do the same, but Kylo had been right. Hux wouldn’t have Kylo killed. It was alarming, the amount Hux let Kylo get away with. Hux wondered how much of that was because Kylo was keeping Hux company. A life without Kylo’s mess and his criticisms seemed like a long time ago, and though Hux would never show or acknowledge it to anyone but himself, he was, slightly, thankful for Kylo’s abrasive personality. Kylo’s ability to say no to Hux had been disarming at first, had made Hux insecure and wallowing in his inadequacies, but now it was a thrill to hear Kylo reject his ideas, it made Hux want to try harder, to create more. He could not rest easy with Kylo’s semi-permanent mocking in his ears. For his twenty-first birthday, his parents had organised a tour of the galaxy, the Crown Prince showing his face around their territory to be showered with gifts and welcoming parties. Though Hux despised his birthday, he did enjoy being in the limelight, and so he had only slightly hinted at his reluctance in his thank you message to his parents. Hux liked to travel, too, and it was hard not to feel a rush of pleasure at the idea of a month-long holiday dedicated to himself across the galaxy. He’d have to put up with more regular media appearances, and he had one guess at what question would come up most, but he would bear it for the holiday. “This is ridiculous,” was the first thing Kylo had said about it, dumping himself on their sofa and closing his eyes as if he was the one who’d had to have press conferences about the trip all day, and not Hux. “You think everything’s ridiculous.” “Have you seen the amount of meetings I have to have because of this literal ego-trip?” Kylo spirited a data pad from out of his sleeve and chucked it to the floor with a disgruntled groan at the sight of new messages. “You’re not the one who has to learn a couple dozen languages so that I don’t offend anyone.” Technically, no-one was expecting him to learn any languages at all, they had more than sufficient translators to do the job for him, but, as his mother would learn languages for her own trips, so would Hux. “I hope you fuck up and tell a King he smells like rot so you can be assassinated.” “Again with the treason. One day, someone’s going to offer you a lot more money than I do and you’re actually going to do me in.” Kylo swept his hair out of his eyes with one hand, the other picking at the material of the sofa. “Preferably before I have to spend a month making sure you don’t get sunburnt.” Hux swatted Kylo’s fingers from the sofa, hoping to stop him from destroying the priceless antique one thread at a time. “Did you know I have to keep two bottles of sunscreen on me at all times because the Crown Prince has skin thinner than the atmosphere?” Hux rolled his eyes, knowing full well that he burnt easily and that it was a nightmare attempting to not look like a boiled crustacean after stepping outside in mild sunlight. “Have you been informed that there’s to be no masks in our embassy yet?” Hux asked, much to his delight. He’d been saving that one since he’d first heard it being discussed. He moved past the sofa towards his room, looking back to see Kylo stuffing a cushion over his face in an attempt to stifle a groan. Hux closed his bedroom door with a small smile. He was fucked. - “No bodyguards. Show trust.” Hux didn’t bat an eyelid. “Bodyguard?” He asked in the being’s language, glad he’d crammed grammar last night. “You think I would employ someone like him as my bodyguard? This is my consort.” The being, obviously impressed by his using their language, eased up slightly. “We were not informed of a consort.” Hux threw a light look at Kylo, attempting to look jovial. “We’ve been engaged for ten years, I find it highly unlikely you’d never heard of my having a fiance.” “Fiance, yes. Identity unknown.” It was only their first stop on the embassy visits, Hux thought with a slight disappointment, and he was already bringing out the big guns. “Well then, consider this a trust exercise. I reveal to you the identity of my fiance.” “Prince Ben Organa-Solo.” Kylo bowed deep as he said the words. “Consort to the Crown Prince.” There was an audible silence. “We would like to be shown to our rooms,” Hux said, smiling at the smiling hosts. Everybody seemed to be smiling but Kylo. The welcoming party started to nod, and Hux moved to follow until Kylo held out his arm, offering it with a silent grace. Hux mirrored the expression and took the arm, reminding himself that his mother often took his father’s arm, and it did not make her less of an Empress. Hux was just taking the arm of his consort. He leant in to Kylo’s space, mimicking his mother as best he could from memories of when he would join his parents on embassy trips like this one. They were shown to a room obviously not prepared for them, the host planet not having been told that Hux would not be alone, but he dismissed the apologies. The bed was laid for one but it was still big enough for five, Hux’s mind supplying him with images of kingly orgies other guests might have held. He compartmentalised the thought, shoving it deep into his mind. If he and Kylo were to be sharing the bed, at least it was big enough that neither would have to touch. The thought of them sharing a bed was… Hux decided not to follow that thought either. As soon as the door had shut and Hux had made sure to check the room for bugs, Hux rounded on Kylo. “Prince Ben? Really?” “I thought they would react better to that than to a Knight of Ren.” Kylo was unpacking their cases, deliberately not looking at Hux. “I guess I shouldn’t have bothered attempting to help you.” “Help? So you decided you’d start naming yourself after a ‘technically’ dead—” Hux took a breath to calm himself. “--Prince.” How he hadn’t picked up on it before astounded Hux. Kylo was rarely subtle, and he’d asked Hux if he remembered Prince Ben the first time they’d gone out together. “You thought that this would help, Kylo? Ben- ” There was a disgusted snarl. “Kylo.” “Whoever you are,” Hux said, deciding he could rip Kylo apart about that at a more convenient time and place. “You should have remained a no-name nobody. They knew you were a prostitute, a nameless fuck brought along for entertainment under the guise of a consort, but now you’ve named yourself a prince. People will talk. ” Kylo looked disgusted at the thought, which now surprised Hux. Should he not have seen what court life was like as the Organa Prince? “They would not have talked about the future Emperor bringing a prostitute on his embassy trip?” “I see you don’t frequent these symposiums, Kylo. The men in there don’t give a fuck about monogamy, or about bedding their servants, the flute girls, the entertainers. No-one in there is likely to out me as having carnal relations with the serving staff. They will, however, be trying to dig up all information about you. The media are going to be having a field day.” Hux took out his communicator, indicating the flashes of messages that already awaited. He’d not had to deal with tabloids since the day of the wedding announcement, and all media parties had been waiting for an entire decade for the news of his consort’s identity. Great. He had no idea what to do about this. What if his real consort heard and returned? What if General Organa declared war on them? If Kylo, Ben were to disappear, people would assume that he had chosen to leave Hux, and then people would lose respect for him. Unless he killed Ben as a traitor, but then what would that say about how the Empress chose her son’s consort? “We have to get married.” “What?” “We’re going to have to get married. I can’t have my reputation ruined because you thought it was a good idea to use your dead name.” “I’m not marrying you because of that, Hux.” Kylo said the name like he was spitting it, which was an odd way to hear it being said. Not many people referred to him as ‘Hux’, certainly not to his face, and definitely not since he was a child. Although ‘Your Highness’ never ceased to heap coal on his ego, Hux would admit the use of his name was pleasant, despite the tone. “Unless you can think of an alternative to why my fiance of ten years appears once as part of my embassy and then is never seen again?” “Ben can die. Assassinated.” “And have to deal with a year of pretending to mourn?” Hux asked, dreading it already. It was traditional to mourn for at least one year for a fiance, more than ten if they had married. “You would rather pretend to marry me for however long than wear a black sash for one year.” It was not quite a question, and Hux could see Kylo was realising that yes, Hux would, indeed, marry him for a simple mistake to protect his image. “No,” Kylo said, more decisively. “I’m not marrying you because you don’t want your reputation damaged.” “I don’t want to marry you, either. I don’t want to marry at all, but we must all make sacrifices.” “How very noble of you,” Kylo said, the pitch of his voice telling Hux that he’d have to be careful. It might not look too amazing if they were to start destroying the room not ten minutes after landing. “Fine. Fine, we don’t get married now. But you’ll have to be my consort for at least as long as the embassy trip. Perhaps another month after. Then you can have Ben killed however you like. Unsuspiciously,” Hux added, knowing Kylo and his dramatics. This hadn’t been his idea, Hux told himself, he had not designed to make Kylo pretend to be his fiance. This was not because of his ridiculous crush. This was because it was necessary not to be left alone without a bodyguard on a potentially inhospitable planet and Kylo had fucked it up by being a secret (and completely eligible) prince. - Hux’s mother, the Empress, died two years after his father, on Hux’s twenty sixth birthday. Emperor Hux ascended to the throne mourning his mother and feeling like he was not ready to be Emperor afterall. It had always been a nice thought, to be Emperor, to be the omnipotent leader of a galaxy, but now that it was happening, it was easy to feel like he was being overwhelmed. He had always hated his birthday. Kylo still had yet to be assassinated, and Hux was still debating whether this was good or not. It had been more convenient, Hux had told himself, that Kylo pretend to be Ben on their foreign embassies. For people to keep believing that they were engaged. That he had a loving fiance who would sometimes show up for elaborate state dinners looking just as beautiful as Hux. Convenient. Kylo seemed content to keep up the rouse, too, if only so that he could share in Hux’s food at the high table and to take up half of the nicest bed wherever they stayed. It was nice to be Emperor, eventually. It was not what he thought it would be, but it was nice. Mostly. Hux was becoming entirely too close to Kylo, telling him things that verged on flirting when they were sharing the same bed. “You asked why I did not intend to replace my consort, once.” Kylo nodded in the darkness of the room, eyes intent on the answer as he turned to face Hux.. Hux gulped, opting to watch the ceiling instead. “Everyone who knew the identity of my initial consort-to-be is dead or an enemy... I spent many of my formative years speculating on his identity, and... it would seem wrong to marry without knowing who I was initially intended to.” “Are you stupid?” Well that certainly wasn’t what Hux had expected. “Excuse me ?” “You’re a fucking idiot, Hux. Holding onto someone you’ve never even- that’s just- stupid.” “What, like you’d understand anything about it. I bet your parents wouldn’t have given a crap if you’d married your enemy so long as you had the power of love.” “And you’re above love?” Obviously not, Hux didn’t say, taken too much by surprise and overwhelmed as Kylo sat up, looming over Hux in their bed. “Yes,” he said instead, because he was an idiot. Hux felt Kylo hover above him for seconds longer, watching him until he fell back to his own side of the bed, rolling over with his back to Hux. This was fine. - Hux’s thirtieth birthday came and went and it wasn’t just the media who were getting antsy. Prince Ben had been engaged to Hux for almost a decade, now, and though many were enjoying looking forwards to their ten-year anniversary of engagement, most took to asking why they didn’t just tie the knot and be done with it. There were a lot of people betting that they would finally announce their wedding date at the anniversary gala. Hux… Hux did not like his life choices being bet on, but he, too, hoped that they wouldn’t be disappointed. It was a great political move, and one many of his advisors had brought up of their own volition over the years, and Hux was only doing as they had advised. He was using their advice to tell… to ask? To bring up the possibility of asking Kylo to be his consort, for real. Kylo was technically a prince on his mother’s side, so Hux was just securing his power base as Emperor. He definitely was not head over heels for Kylo Ren. He found Kylo on their sofa, as expected, Kylo lounging with one hand behind his head, the other holding his data pad up. “Kylo, can I- can we-” Hux was securing his power base as Emperor. He definitely was not head over heels for his bodyguard. It was a great political move. “I would like to discuss something with you.” Kylo looked up from his data pad, giving Hux a smile to indicate he was free. “I… what I mean is…” Hux was securing his power base as Emperor. It was a great political move. Hux took a deep breath, feeling his heart against his ribs. He wanted to be sick. It wasn’t too late to back down, to leave it for another decade, to— “Would you do me the honour of becoming my husband?” He let out a breath of air, hands clutching behind his back in a nervous grip. A carefully neutral expression settled over Kylo’s features. “Yes, your Excellency. It would be an honour to serve you as your consort.” Panic rose in Hux, knowing that Kylo had misunderstood him. That he wasn’t getting the sentiment across, that this was just another ploy. “No, you’re not- I’m asking you to marry me, Kylo.” “It would be an honour to accept your proposal.” Kylo brought the data pad back up into his field of vision, conversation over. Hux paled, then burned. “What the fuck, Kylo, look at me. I’m not telling you as the Emperor, I’m asking if you love me, because I love you.” Kylo didn’t blink. “It would be an honour to-” “Why are you doing this?” By the pause given, Hux didn’t expect an answer, ready to leave in a white heat. “You said you would feel wrong marrying without knowing who your initial fiance was,” Kylo said, eventually. “You were obviously attached to whatever idea you had of him.” “Which, as I seem to remember, you said was a ‘ fucking stupid ’ decision!” “But now you’re willing to decide you want me to be bound to you?” “No- I- I used to think of it as being bound, but- I don’t see it like that anymore.” “Maybe you should attempt to find out who your first fiance was. Maybe you’d change your mind about marrying me.” “Kylo. It wouldn’t matter who it was. I want you.” “Did you ever even try to find out?” “No, why would I? If the bastard hated me enough to run away, there was little I was going to do by finding him.” Hux ran a hand through his hair. “He’d probably hate me more for stalking him.” “Or maybe he’d have realised that you had a cell in your body that gave a shit about anyone else.” “The fuck, Kylo, I literally just told you that I loved you, not some man I was engaged to when I was a child.” Kylo refused to say any more, obviously intent on reading whatever it was he was reading on his comm. Hux felt an ache in his throat, felt like something was trying to rip through his chest cavity. He nodded, curtly, before leaving the room. If Kylo was going to be unresponsive, Hux could deal. If Kylo was going to reject him… Hux didn’t know what to expect. He hadn’t planned on Kylo rejecting him. He hadn’t thought that Kylo would not like him. He’d thought about Kylo not reciprocating, of course, but that had always seemed… impossible. Maybe Hux really did have too much of an ego. But Kylo smiled at him. Had integrated himself into Hux’s personal life so easily, shared a sofa, shared a bed . They had laughed, they had bonded. Hux had let Kylo see him in worse states than even his parents had seen, Kylo had revealed his true identity for Hux’s benefit. But Kylo was his knight, his bodyguard. Wasn’t that just a healthy relationship to have with a man vowing to protect you with his life? Hux was outside of the palace, now, not knowing where to go but needing to be in control. He could control himself out here. He could— - When Hux woke up, he was greeted by whitewashed cement walls and a feeling of gut-deep dread. His shoulders stabbed with a dull ache, pulled tight behind his back. He was shackled to a pipe, metal digging into his wrists. The realisation was like a punch to the gut. He lurched forwards using his entire body weight, hoping the pipe was rusty or the bonds soft, needing to free himself, but to no avail. He felt the bones of his wrist bruise at the force of the handcuffs jamming at them and tried again, hoping whoever had tied him here had left them loose enough to slip through. Not so. Hux bit on his lip, needing not to cry. He was a fucking idiot, running out of the palace like he was some sort of tragic lover. Without a disguise, without a bodyguard, he was a fucking disgrace. If his parents were still alive, they’d be ashamed. They already had been ashamed of him. Getting himself kidnapped on his tenth birthday. They’d never forgiven him for the potential damage he could have had on their reputation. He was the fucking Emperor of the Galaxy, what right did he have being kidnapped at thirty years old? How long had he been unconscious? How many millions of his subjects had already given him up for dead? How many planets were planning rebellion in the throne’s time of weakness? Would Kylo be the next to throne? He was technically Hux’s fiance, could take the throne if no other family member scrambled to get there first. Would Kylo do so out of vengeance? Hux liked to think not, liked to think that Kylo preferred being Kylo than being Prince… Emperor Ben. But maybe he’d act in a fit of anger. Kylo had calmed since he had first met Hux, but that wasn’t to say Kylo might regress into his frustrations. He had seemed angry at Hux when he left. Maybe Hux would die, here, attached to a damned water pipe while Kylo became Emperor. Maybe Kylo was part of the kidnap— Hux took a deep breath, steadying his heart rate. It wasn’t Kylo. Kylo was his bodyguard. His friend, his fake fiance. He had a smile that lit up his whole face and a frown that did the same thing. His voice was soft and harsh, he ripped Hux to shreds and made him laugh. Kylo wasn’t behind this. There was a noise in the adjoining room. Hux tried to unshackle himself again, growing more desperate, ignoring the blunt pain as he tried to pull himself free, again and again, hoping to hear the groan of metal or to feel one hand slip free— - It had started on Hux’s eighth birthday. Ben had been told to ‘play nice’ by his mother, but Hux’s palace was big, the palace guards were terrifying, and Ben didn’t like it, so he had fallen back from the rest of the group of children being escorted from one playroom to the next, and had found himself alone in a high-ceilinged, gold-gilded room. Most of the furniture was an eggshell blue, fancier than Ben had ever seen. Alone in the big room sat a very small Hux, who looked angry. Ben didn’t want to get close to the angry boy, because angry people were scary, and shouted a lot, but the angry boy also looked kind of sad, and that made him think of his mother. His mother could get angry, not at him, but at the world, because she was sad that they wouldn’t listen to her. So Ben sat down next to the angry boy and hoped he wouldn’t be shouted at for doing so. “You’re not allowed in this room,” the angry boy had said. “Are you sad?” Ben had asked. “No. Only weak people are sad. I’m angry.” “I get sad all the time, and my mother says it’s okay to cry.” “Your mother is wrong. My mother says that Princes don’t cry.” “Well I’m a prince and I cry.” “You must be very weak then,” the angry boy had said, to which Ben had just shrugged. Ben liked Hux. He liked to sit by Hux and let Hux speak. Hux liked the sound of his own voice, Ben knew, and Ben let him. When Ben was at home, his parents talked to him all day about what he’d been up to, asked him to tell him about his new friends and what he’d learnt. Ben didn’t think that Hux had someone like that for him. To listen to him. When Ben was ten, he found out that he was to marry Hux. He hadn’t really understood the concept, only that it meant that he would love Hux for ever and ever. He liked the idea. Hux didn’t like the idea. He ran away. Kylo ran away five years later, training under Snoke, who, after a long apprenticeship, used his connections to get Kylo a position as Hux’s bodyguard. Snoke wanted proximity to the Crown Prince. Kylo had been looking forwards, against his better judgement, to being in close proximity to Hux. He still liked Hux. He still liked to listen to him ramble on, to hear him compliment himself. They snuck out for nights, Hux always opting to wear his heels with a smirk in Kylo’s direction. Then they were sharing beds, pretending to be fiances, to be intimate. It took every ounce of Kylo’s self-control to feign indifference. He could almost imagine the horror on Hux’s face at being assaulted by a bodyguard, and just when he’d made Hux lower his guard around him, to get him to open up a little, to tell him what was wrong. He had occasionally entertained the thought that Hux smiled more around him, seemed genuinely interested in being around Kylo, but then Kylo was his bodyguard. His only trusted companion. It would be devastating to Hux if he found out that Kylo was breaching that trust because of a schoolboy crush. Hux would repeat that he was above love, above having a consort, that ‘Prince Ben’ was a convenient smokescreen against the media and against his royal advisors, who had been far too interested in Hux’s choice of bedmate than in his political prowess. Kylo was happy to use his dead identity for something that could help Hux, and, he would admit, he ejoyed being allowed to ‘pretend’ to be intimate with Hux. They had snuck out more, pretended to be a couple in foreign bars to get couple discounts, played dress-up and gotten drunk, shared beds and meals and become friends, except not really because Kylo wasn’t pretending, and it was he who was really using Hux for his own twisted fantasies. He must have convinced Hux somewhere along the line that he loved Kylo. He must have used his influence to trick Hux, who was often vulnerable despite his hard facade, must have made Hux lower his defences and convinced him to love Kylo. He had abused Hux’s trust and so he had had to reject him, harshly. He would marry Hux, if that was what would be useful to him, and it would be an honour to serve that way, but Kylo would not encourage Hux to respond to what must just be Kylo’s obvious pining. As soon as Hux had left the room, Kylo had let the data pad fall to the floor, feeling empty, bereft of anything but guilt. He would apologise as soon as he saw Hux, would beg for forgiveness for what he’d done. Come clean about his gross misuse of trust and quit, Snoke be damned. He sat up and started to clear away his things from Hux’s rooms, realising just how integrated his belongings had become. There were items that they technically both owned, though those Kylo would leave for Hux. Gifts given to them on their holidays by wellwishers, souvenirs they had bought when disguised as tourists. There was so much stuff, a decade’s worth of companionship. The word sent the guilt through his veins again. Some companion he had been, distorting Hux’s entire mentality. Kylo had emotionally manipulated the damned Emperor. He would have to warn Hux’s chief of staff, to make sure no-one else could do the same. It was a couple of hours later that Kylo glanced at the clock and started to tap a finger against their- Hux’s table. Hux would be angry, would be working to let off steam. It probably wouldn’t do to show his face in Hux’s safe space right now, or to provoke him in public. Ten more minutes and Kylo had a sudden, deeply unsettling thought. He stood, grabbed his mask from the top of his belongings and marched towards Hux’s throne room, hoping he’d not just made the worst mistake of his entire life. - The sounds were growing louder, as was Hux’s panic. He could barely hear against the rush of his own heartbeat. It sounded like chaos outside, bloody violence erupting for no discernable reason. Something told him he should stop and listen for any clue as to how to escape, but reason soon fled under the crush of fear, the thoughts that whatever was happening to whoever it was out there, he was next. He had had torture training, had been taught how to escape from situations just like this one. For now, he could hear the pitiful grunts escaping him as he strained against the metal, brute force being the only method for escape his brain could supply. Hux was suddenly conscious of the silence, unsure when it had started to settle. Then there were footsteps and Hux’s struggles doubled. There was something horrifying in the slow, determined step of the attacker, the steps forceful and filled with rage. Hux needed to escape, to return home, to apologise to Kylo, to apologise to his parents, to tell his mother that he didn’t want to get married but he didn’t run away because he didn’t love her, that he was sorry, that he didn’t mean to cause her any trouble, that he had been so scared, that he didn’t want to die— - Hux didn’t need to open his eyes to tell that he was in the palace’s hospital wing. The smell of medical equipment, the low hum of nurses, the wires he could feel attached to his body. He collected his breath and breathed out. Safe. He cracked open his eyes, wincing at the light. “Hux, thank fuck—” A chair being scraped back, footsteps leaving, then nurses crowding him. “Kylo?” “Your bodyguard isn’t here, right now, your Highness,” a nurse said quietly, in a tone he assumed was meant to calm him. “But Prince Ben is here to see you.” Hux tried to sit up, but a hand- Kylo’s hand pushed him back down, gentle. “I can leave if you would like me to,” Kylo said, sounding like he needed to sleep. “You should rest,” Hux said, his voice sounding quiet and scratchy. Kylo let out a disbelieving laugh. “You don’t get to say that to me, Hux, you don’t get to try to be caring and considerate.” Hux winced. So Kylo would retain his dislike of Hux after that failure of a marriage proposal afterall. “Hux you got yourself kidnapped and I was worried sick about you, you can’t wake up from a fucking three day sleep and tell me that I need to rest.” Hux tried to process this. “Three days?” “We couldn’t find you- I couldn’t find you, I left you alone and you left and you were kidnapped and you were unconscious when I found you and I thought that they had killed you while I was fighting them and then you didn’t wake up—” “...the fighting…” Hux did sit up this time, needing to take stock of the situation. The nurses had left them alone, Kylo didn’t look like he’d shaved or showered for a week. “You look like a mess.” Kylo was also wearing Hux’s greatcoat, which he frowned at. “Why are you wearing that? It’s too hot.” Kylo looked down at himself, then avoided Hux’s eye. “No reason.” “Too suspicious, try again.” Kylo sighed, like he’d never breathed out before, releasing years’ worth of frustration. He shucked off the coat with a small wince. It took a second to realise what was wrong with the picture. There was a space halfway down Kylo’s left forearm where there should be more arm, usually attached to a hand. Instead, there wasn’t. “What happened?” “Your kidnappers were stronger than I thought.” “Did you not have backup?” Kylo shook his head, looking embarrassed, which was good, Hux thought, because this was a ridiculously moronic thing to have happened. “Why are you so— fucking— melodramatic, you piece of shit bodyguard.” “Melodramatic? It’s an arm.” “You had an arm cut off trying to rescue me from a hostage situation so you wore my coat so I wouldn’t see?” “No, it was to stop the nurses from realising that Prince Ben was minus one arm the same time Kylo Ren was.” Hux would admit that that was a fair point. “Still, melodramatic.” Kylo rolled his eyes, throwing himself into the bedside chair, apparently over his concern. “You’re the one who ran away after finding out that you’d have to marry me.” “What?” Hux’s mind told him that no, that wasn’t what had happened when he had proposed. “What are you talking about?” “Ben Organa-Solo. That’s who you original fiance was.” “...What the fuck .” Hux felt his heartbeat raise. “Is that what this has been about? You ran away for fifteen years because I ran away when I was ten?” “You heard that you’d be married to me and your first action was to decide you wanted to be a street rat!” “No, I ran away because I was told that I would have to marry some man, and I was ten and would have preferred sawing off my own arm.” Hux paused, his eyes glancing involuntarily at Kylo’s own limb. “...Sorry.” Kylo shook his head. “It’s my fault. You think you’re in love with me, but you’re not.” “You don’t know shit, Kylo Ren.” Kylo looked away, gathering himself to leave. “You said you were above love.” “Because you were leaning over me in our shared bed looking like a disaster waiting to happen and I panicked, thinking you were calling me out on my flirting with you and I always panic when you...” “...When I?” “When you look attractive. When you’re close to me. When you’re… you. I don’t know, when I think about being with you.” “...you were flirting with me?” “A damned decade and you didn’t realise.” “Well I could say the same to you, your Highness , I asked you out on plenty of dates—” “ Fake dates, for a fake relationship that I set up because I was too selfish to let you live your life.” “Which I continued of my own free will because I liked it too much to force you to stop.” “You? Force me? I was the one to force you, I told you that it was convenient for me, which you had to obey because you’re my bodyguard.” “Since when have I ever obeyed you when I didn’t want to?” Hux opened his mouth to respond, but he’d run dry of responses. “You don’t hate me.” Kylo shook his head and Hux fell back against his bed, feeling bone-deep exhaustion. “Anything else you’d like to get off your chest, Prince Ben?” “I don’t like it when you wear heels. I dislike you being taller than me.” Hux battled a smile, a battle he eventually lost. “You can’t fool me, Kylo Ren,” he said, catching Kylo’s eye. “I’ve seen you watch me walk in them.” Kylo flushed but didn’t avert his eyes, a challenge Hux wasn’t going to back down from. “You don’t hate me?” He asked again. “I don’t hate you,” Kylo confirmed. “I’d give you a ring, but… you can’t wear one on your ring finger.” Kylo snorted, his remaining hand going to cover his handless one, self-conscious. Hux would have to work on convincing Kylo that he really did love the handlessness, that it would be a constant reminder both that Hux had fucked up and shouldn’t act without thinking rationally, as well as the fact that Kylo had rushed headlong into battle for him. It would both fuel and humble his ego at the same time, a thing Kylo was good at doing, all round. - “Happy birthday, Hux.” “Did I ever tell you how much I hated birthdays?” Hux asked, his clothes feeling far too tight-fitting and feeling like every eye in the galaxy was watching him. “You’ve said so enough times,” Kylo said, a smile stretching one side of his lips. Kylo wasn’t in his normal, robe-like clothes too, and it was nice to know that they were having to suffer through the formalwear together. “Are you ready?” Hux nodded. The he laughed, a little bit, when he remembered, not for the first time, that Kylo had had his left hand blown away and that the exchanging of rings would completely ruin all symmetry that Hux had ever striven for. He could, technically, have decided to wear his own on his right hand, too, but that had seemed far too… sentimental. The media would have loved it. Perhaps he would change ring fingers when he went to meet the press. Kylo looked horrible in white, though he couldn't’ imagine that he looked any better. He felt pale, and boring, his hair too obviously out of place. They would change into their military uniforms later, for the receptions and the public ceremonies, and for everything else a royal wedding demanded, but for now they would look ridiculous together. Hux later found out that that had been the first time Crown Prince Ben had worn a crown, and Hux could see why; the thing got so tangled in his hair that it was nearly impossible to remove without a knife and a lot of swearing. Notes: I imagine Hux's palace planet to be very capitol-like, with elaborate dresses and make-up, hence the not-so-subtle effie reference. I've been listening to 'Don't threaten me with a good time' and lily allen's fuck you a lot recently so o/ idk if you can find it but I have a Spotify playlist called "kylux" so hmu ninjaninaiii.tumblr.com