The pair had barely escaped the inferno that was once Starkiller base. It was his fault. The invasion. The destruction of the weapon. The escape ship's crash. Now, Ren's head sat in his lap, a thin line of blood leaking slowly from his mouth, merging with the blood from the slash across his face. "You always said red wasn't my color." Ren coughed. Hux nodded, holding back tears in bloodshot eyes. "Yes, I did. Can you remember what else I said?" Ren winced in pain and the bite of the harsh desert wind, grinning despite his condition. "That I was always a 'bloody arsehole' and a 'kriffing bastard' for running off to every mission I got." He closed his eyes. Hux gasped in softly in fear, "Ren?" "I'm here, I promised." The raven was bleeding everywhere, his blaster wound from the damn wookie was causing more blood loss than the lightsaber and crash wounds combined. Hux gulped, shaky hands running through the long hair in his lap. "You did. I remember that." He smiled shortly, "You said that I was yours, and only yours. That I was your emperor and no one, not even Snoke, could take that." Ren's eyes stayed closed, "Yeah, I did." His eyebrows furrowed on his blood-caked face, "Do you think mama will forgive me?" Hux kissed his forehead, blood smearing onto his pale, pink lips. "Of course." "Will papa?" "Of course." Hux nodded, "If-when-we get out of here, I'm sure your mother will forgive you in person." "Hux," Ren paused, falling into a coughing fit, spewing blood. "T-take the emergency pod. Get out of here." Hux's eyes shone with anger. "No. No, Ren. We will leave togeth-" "Ren?" "Ren?" He was gone, warm brown eyes dead, clouded over. Hux shrieked in grief, he shook the corpse, more sticky blood pouring. "Ren!" "REN!" "Bastard, you promised! You liar! I hate you!" Hux felt a lone tear escape his red rimmed eyes. He gripped the custom blaster at his side, pointing it to his skull. "We'll find your color, Ren." He pulled the trigger. "Together." Notes: I hope ya'll liked it. I've lost the passion for 'Fade Into You' but I'll try to continue.