Inside Llewyn Davis: Llewyn Davis/Female Reader Summary: A late night knock at your door for a place to stay turns into something a little more as you realize the past has a habit of repeating itself. Your eyes drift open as you wake up, reaching for your bedside lamp. A frown forms, your hand rubbing through your messy hair; was that a knock at your door? You pad out of your creaky bed, feet curling against the cold panels of your wooden floor. Who could possibly be knocking at your door at this time? You yawn as you open it. “Hey, it's me.” Your frown deepens. “Llewyn? What’re you doing here?” The man on the doorstep of your apartment shrugs, looking down at his feet. “I was just… passin’ through, and… I remembered that you lived here, and…” “How'd you get into the building?" "A nice old lady was going out to take her dog for a walk, and she held the door for me." You raise an eyebrow. "It’s just gone midnight,” you mumble, checking the time on your stove. He raises his eyebrows. “Oh, yeah? Is it really that late? Y’know me, I just thought dropping by for a visit was in order, so-“ “We haven’t seen each other in months.” “That long? Work’s been so busy, I’ve got so many shows-“ “You need the couch, don’t you?” There was a pause, and Llewyn’s shoulders sag as he realizes there’s no point in bullshitting you. “Yeah.” You nod, yawning again, and hold the door open. He coughs into his threadbare glove-covered fist, and walks in underneath your arm. You don’t say anything as you put on a pot of tea. You know Llewyn hates tea, but you’re making it anyway, since he looks cold as all hell and he could really use a cup. He sets down his guitar case, and sits on a chair. “I appreciate it,” he mutters, and you nod. “I know. So, lots of shows, huh?” you tease, and he looks down. “Yeah, um… not so much.” “How’s your music really going?” you ask softly. “It’s going,” he replies, biting his lip. You look over, and fully study his face. He has a beard now. It looks good on him. “You don’t have to make-“ he starts, gesturing to the teapot, and you hold up a hand. “Drink the damn tea, Llewyn, you look like a snowman.” He nods, and you pour a mug, handing it to him. You stare at each other for a few moments, then turn away. “Okay, well… I’m going back to bed. Cereal’s in the cupboard, milk’s in the fridge… you know where the blankets are.” He nods again, and takes a deep breath, shivering a little as the mug of tea warms his hands. You turn back to him before walking back to your room. “How long’s it been since you got a good, warm night’s sleep, huh?” He smirks a little. “About two weeks.” “Been rough?” “Yeah- I'm real fuckin' tired.” He sure looked tired. “Hmm. Goodnight.” You turn away again, and open the door to your room, getting into bed and shutting off the light. You and Llewyn were… you didn’t know what you two were. He used to come in sometimes, on lonely nights, and you would sleep together. It gave both of you some sort of release, and through those nights, you had gotten to know more than just each other’s bodies. Since then, you had told him you didn’t want to do it anymore- he hadn’t wanted to bother you until tonight, and the last time he had come around was probably before news of Mike's suicide had reached you... you decided it was best not to bring him up, obviously. You turn over in your bed, sighing out of your nose. You missed him. That was the simple truth. Llewyn was… no strings attached. He was a haven, he was someone to take care of, he was… someone you just had to take in your arms. You force yourself to go to sleep, squeezing your eyes shut after you finally hear the light click out in the living room. He’d be gone in the morning. He’d be gone. -0-0-0- You open your eyes. 3:14 AM. Another yawn plagues you at the late (or early) hour, and you suddenly become hyperaware that there’s someone else in your apartment for the night. You bite your lip, fighting the urge to get up…. But you just can’t help it. You push the covers off of yourself, leave your room, and look around the corner of the hallway, staring over at Llewyn, dressed down to his tight white t-shirt that he favors, one arm above his head of dark, curly hair and one hanging off the couch. His mouth is open, and his chest is rising and falling steadily. You swallow, and walk over beside him, dropping down to his level. You can’t stop yourself as you place your hands on his hard chest, trailing them slowly down the muscle of his torso. His eyelids flutter a little, then they open. It takes a moment for the singer to process what’s going on and where he is, but when he does, his eyelids droop even more so than usual, long lashes almost touching his olive-toned cheeks. He takes your wrists gently, pulling you closer to him, and you press your lips down to his, relishing in the sweet, slow kisses he gives you. You inhale as he puts two hands behind you and lifts you onto the couch, rolling you on top of him. The hands run down your back, under your shirt; then he takes your top off over your head, exposing your breasts in the cool night air. He blinks languidly, admiring you, then brings his hands to the front of your body, taking his time to cup them and harden your nipples. Soon, you begin to roll your hips down into his lap, where you can feel the outline of his cock hardening every time you come in contact with it. You kiss him again, and his hands fall to your hips, then down to your panties, where he brushes them aside and lightly massages you with his fingertips. You bite your lip, and reach your hand down into his pants, pulling out his cock and giving it a few strokes. You brush your fingers against his balls as well, and he moans low in his throat; you press kisses down his chest, running your thumb over the slit and making him squeeze your hips harder. “I don’t,” he breathes in a quiet whisper, a pained expression overtaking his face, “I don’t have any condoms… I can pull out, if you want…” You hold a finger up, and bend back to a cabinet by the couch, rooting around and finding a small packet. He breathes out, and you open it, rolling it onto his thick shaft. “I want you to come inside of me tonight,” you whisper into his neck, and he lets out a little noise of appreciation, hands clutching onto your naked back as if to keep you against him forever. You concentrate on keeping yourself steady as you lift up, spreading your legs and taking him in. You let out a soft gasp, and he holds you steady, easing all the way in. His cock filling you to the hilt gives you a warm, full feeling, and you try to get him deeper, grinding down into him. He pushes up, and you moan, clenching around him. He starts a rhythm, thrusting in and out of you as you arch your back and attempt to go with it. Every little thrust brings you closer and closer, his pelvis gyrating perfectly against your clit every time he rolls up. “Shit,” he pants, clenching his jaw, “You look so good riding me…” You feel him throb inside of you, and you chase your release, kissing him again and again as he cants his hips up. “It’s been so long,” he mutters apologetically, and that’s his way of telling you he’s going to come soon. You bring one hand down your stomach and begin touching yourself, your mouth opening in a groan as he continues to fill you. The buildup is wonderful, and watching the man under you makes you incredibly hot, hot under every touch he applies to your sensitive body. Suddenly, his hands return to your back, and he rolls you two over so that he’s on top- miraculously, you or both of you don’t fall off the couch. He looks down at you, kissing your neck, kissing along your breasts and making you shiver, then he thrusts back into you with slow, deep, purposeful movements. You feel your body begin to tingle, and you wrap your legs around his back, your feet slipping down to his ass as his eyes begin to roll back. “You can come, Llewyn,” you whisper, brushing an errant curl out of his face, and he chokes a little, his hips stuttering as he bottoms out, coming inside of the condom in you with a beautiful expression. The fast, desperate thrusting as his orgasm washes through him brings you to climax as well, and you let out a broken cry, burying your face in his neck. He finally opens his eyes when both of you are finished, and slides down beside you on the couch; you pull the blanket over both of you, and snuggle into his arms for what remains of the night. -0-0-0- You open your eyes to your bright living room, sun streaming in through the windows. For a second, you wonder how tired you could have been last night to pass out on your couch; then you remember as you see the guitar case- Llewyn. You sit up, and see him over at the other end of the couch by the open window, smoking a cigarette. He sees that you’re awake, and you sit up even more, rubbing your eyes and admiring how his lips curl around the smoke as he blows it out the window. “What time is it?” you eventually ask, for lack of something better to say. “Eight o’clock,” Llewyn mumbles around the cigarette, taking one last drag before dropping it out. You stretch, and hold the blanket to your bare chest, even though he’s seen more of you than anyone has. “I’d better get going,” he sighs, licking over his lips, “I’ve got to catch a ride to Chicago today to meet with a guy… a record guy.” He gets up, starting to layer on his clothes. You nod, and keep the blanket wrapped around you as you get up as well, going over to pour some of the extra tea left from last night and put it in the microwave for yourself. “Thank you,” he murmurs, and you’re not sure if he’s talking about the stay or the sex. You assume both, and smile a little. “It’s okay.” He puts on his gloves, brushes his fingers through his hair by way of combing the unruly mess, and heads over to the door in one stride. He gives you one last smile before opening the opening it, and you go over. “See you sometime,” you whisper, and he puts his arms around you, pulling you into a tight hug. Then he pulls away, and walks out. You hold the door open as you watch him lumber down the hallway. “Llewyn!” you call, and he turns. “If you ever need a place- ever- you come here, okay?” you ask, and he nods, turning back and turning down the stairs. You suck in a breath, and shut your door. Watching him leave was always the hard part. Chapter 2 : Ex Machina: Nathan Bateman/Female Reader Summary: You're in a secret physical relationship with Mr. Bateman, your sexy math teacher. One day during class, Mr. Bateman is extra hard on you... and you're about to find out why. "I need the quadratic formula," Mr. Bateman calls, pacing in front of the chalkboard. He's wearing that grey tank top he (and you) like so much, the one that people assume he wears to either feel more comfortable or to say fuck you to the school dress code. Most assume the latter. He also has that hard furrow in his brow, the one that he always got when he's concentrating. One person, an exchange student named Kyoko, shoots up their hand, and he looks back expectantly over his glasses. "Yep? "Ax squared plus bx plus c equals zero?" she guesses, and Mr. Bateman nods, pointing to her. "Very good. Often, the simplest way to solve "ax 2 + bx + c = 0" for the value of x is to factor the quadratic, set each factor equal to zero, and then solve each factor... while factoring may not always be successful, the Quadratic Formula can always find the solution." As he writes the formula out on the board, you watch his forearms intently, chewing on the end of your pencil. His muscles are bulging, and it's sending you into overdrive- he probably knows it too, which is why he keeps walking by your desk and rolling the chalk around between his fingers like he's caressing them with each touch. "Anybody know how to apply the quadratic to question seven?" he asks, raising an eyebrow and crossing his arms as he leans against the board. He's also wearing those black sweatpants, and god... maybe you're just looking too close, but you can always see the outline of his cock bouncing when he walks around in those; the bastard probably goes commando. Of course, you've experienced that particular part of your teacher's anatomy many times, so you're far from scandalized by it- distracted a little, maybe. "Miss (y/n)," he suddenly says, jarring you out of the sex eyes you're throwing him, "Care to provide us with the answer?" "Oh- um," you mumble, flipping to the actual page you were supposed to be on. "-Seeing as you've contributed fuck-all this period, I'd like you to come up and solve it on the board for me," he says, and there are a few titters around the classroom. You sigh, knowing that this is just his stupid way of bring able to watch you work up close, but you do as you're told, getting up. As you approach the board, you turn to your best friend, Caleb, who is currently scribbling the answer on a piece of paper for you. Before he can lift it up, though, Mr. Bateman speaks. "Put it down, Mr. Smith," he says warningly, and Caleb grimaces, lowering the sheet. You huff, turning to the board. Good thing you're good at math, and catch on fast. You may be good at fucking, but fucking on it's own isn't what got you into advanced functions and theory with the smartest teacher in the entire building. You quickly write out the answer- longhand, just to prove a point- and sit back down with a smug little smirk on your face. Mr. Bateman studies you, stroking his beard in a way that almost makes you lose your cool, then he gets up from the desk he had been sitting atop. "Fine. Moving on." You cluck your tongue. He never praises you enough... he saves that for after class. "Sorry," Caleb whispers to you over the teacher's next equation, "I didn't wanna get in trouble. You know Mr. Bateman scares the shit out of me." You smile. "It's fine. He's gonna punish me anyway." You wink, and your redheaded friend, the only one who knows about your little thing with the teacher, rolls his eyes. "Is there something more interesting than me right now, guys?" Mr. Bateman suddenly interrupts you two from talking, and you're once again brought to attention. "No, sir," Caleb gulps, and you lick your lips inconspicuously. "Nothing could be more interesting than you, sir ," you say in a barely appropriate voice for class, and he clenches his jaw. "(y/n), stay after class." You nod once, refraining from saying, "My pleasure." He turns back around, satisfied, and reaches high up to erase the latest formula, muscles once again flexing way too much. After class is finished, people file out as usual, and you stay in your seat... as usual. "Wanna catch a movie tonight?" Caleb asks as he gets his books together. You notice the red Depeche Mode shirt he's wearing, and smile a little. "I'd love to," you grin, biting your bottom lip in anticipation for what's next, and Caleb huffs a laugh. "Text me when you're, uh... finished ." Once Caleb's gone and out of earshot, you tap your pencil against the desk. "Well?" you ask, smirking. Mr. Bateman ignores you, flipping through a pile of paperwork and marking. You narrow your eyes as he continues on like this, marking, flipping, letting you sit and fester in silence. Finally, he looks up from his paperwork, clasping his hands together. "Do you know why I gave you detention today?" he asks carefully. "Because you're horny?" you quip, and he sits down on the desk in front of you, unphased by your comment. "Because you've been a bad girl," he notes seriously, "A very... very mouthy little girl," he muses, picking up a wooden ruler. You watch him, wondering which porno he gets these lines from, but are caught off guard when he walks behind you, putting both hands on your shoulders and rubbing sensually. "You haven't been doing your homework." "I did the question right," you retort, and his grip tightens. "But your execution was sloppy. When I teach, do I write things out like a lazy dimwit?" You blink. "No." "No," he repeats softly, "I write everything out, in the right order. You," he murmurs, trailing the ruler along your jaw, "Are fucking brilliant. I know this. You know this. So take this class fucking seriously." You nod slowly, swallowing, and he breathes out calmly. "Good. Now, of course, I can't just overlook this." He walks around you to the front, crossing his arms again. "You need to remember who your daddy is." You shudder at his words, and the gap between your knees subconsciously widens. "No, no," Nathan admonishes, slapping the ruler against your bare arm lightly, "Close 'em. I'll screw you soon enough. Until then- since you seemed to be using it so much today- let's put your pretty mouth to good use." You inhale sharply, and he watches from behind those glasses with half-lidded, intense eyes as you drop to your knees, quickly mouthing around the outline of his cock. "That's a good girl," he whispers, smiling down at you fondly, "Daddy's girl... yeah, take it out now." You bat your eyelashes, and pull the waistline of his sweatpants down, almost whining at the sight of his half hard cock. He rubs it against your cheek, running a hand through your hair. "I want you to take it all. Can you do that, baby?" he asks, stroking your face. You smile up at him. "Of course." He exhales shakily, and you kiss the tip, rubbing yourself through your jeans deftly. "You're so big," you moan, "I want your cock so badly..." "Be a good girl, and you'll get it," Nathan says, and nudges the head of his cock past your lips. You tighten your mouth around him, and swirl your tongue around his slit. Immediately, you can feel him get harder, and a low groan rips from his throat. You continue, taking him deeper, and he thrusts his hips forward a few times, grabbing your hair. "Fuck... so good for daddy," he breathes, grunting as you hollow out your cheeks, and you hold his hips for support as you begin to bob your head. "Your mouth is fuckin' unreal," he moans, and you smile, taking him all the way in to the back of your throat. By now, you can feel how wet you are, but you don't dare stop, sliding Nathan's cock deeper every time. "Jesus, fuck-" he mutters, choking as you swallow around his tip. He gasps, a super erotic sound that makes you want to touch yourself, and pats your shoulder. "Pull off... gonna fuckin' come if you don't stop." You let him go with a pop, a line of spit and pre-cum still connecting your lips to his dick. You lick your lips, and get up, moving your sore jaw around a little. His brown eyes flicker down to your red, abused lips, and he captures them in a kiss, groaning into it and forcing you back against a desk, working at your pants zipper and pulling them down. As he's kissing you, he's also shoving your panties down to pool around your ankles, and you think you probably have beard burn on your face by now. "Think you can take it?" he mumbles into your hair, and you decide to be cheeky, wanting desperately to feel the hard smack of that ruler against your ass. "I want more than your cock," you tell him, "I want you to punish me, sir." Nathan takes off his glasses, then holds his cock in one hand as he picks up the ruler. "Oh yeah? You think you deserve this?" "Oh, I've been such a bad girl," you moan, " Please ..." He smacks it down against your ass in a sharp crack, and you push back against him wantonly. "Please, daddy, I want another one!" You can hear the slapping sound of him jerking off as he spanks you again, every little moan coming from him making you that much wetter. "You like getting spanked?" he asks, "You do... you're daddy's little slut ." He trails a hand down your back, eyeing your open hole. "Look at that... so ready to take my cock," he says. Then he presses you further into the desk, slipping the head in slowly. You whine, but the hand on your back prevents you from moving yourself into him. He grabs your hips, and buries the rest of his thick cock inside of you; just the stretch of it turns you on. " Ohhh ... so tight for me... so tight for your daddy," he mutters, "fuck..." He pulls out, and you flip around as your teacher grabs your legs and hoists them over his shoulders. Then he slams you into the chalkboard, kissing you and fucking back in. Your words and mind turn into a garbled mess as he really begins thrusting into you, rocking you back into the board every time he thrusts deep. "Think anyone can hear us?" you grin. "I hope so," Nathan replies, "Most of the teachers in this fuckin' school need a good wake up call." You giggle, and he fucks into you even harder, chasing his own release. You moan that you're going to come, and he pounds you through an intense climax. "Daddy, don't stop!" you cry, and he growls against your neck. He hasn't come yet, but he's close, so he pulls out, letting you down. "Get on the floor." You don't protest, and do what he says. He kneels down, one leg on either side of you, and opens your shirt. "Wanna fuck your breasts," he mutters, and you unclasp your bra, tossing it away and squeezing your breasts together. He places his dick between them, and starts fucking back and forth- until he throws back his head. "Gonna.... gonna c- ohhh ," he groans, and you feel his cum shoot all over your face and chest. You watch as he squeezes the last of it out, and gets up off of you. You get up as well, taking a tissue from his desk to clean off. "I-" Suddenly, you hear a knock at the door, and Nathan sends you a glance. You duck under his desk, and he tucks himself back up, calming his heaving chest before opening the door. "Oh! Hi Ava," you hear. Miss Vikander, the art teacher. "Yeah, no, I'm just marking a whole lot of fucking papers, y'know?... For sure.... Oh, there was a TA meeting today? Shit.... well, he knows I don't give a fuck anyway, so... okay, you've got it. Take it easy and have a good one." The door closes again, and you get up, the last button on your shirt done up. "So," Nathan says nonchalantly, polishes his glasses, "What have we learned today?" You go over, and sit on his lap, wrapping your legs around him. His eyes drop to your lips as his hands automatically support your back. "To try harder, and stop talking during class," you reply, ghosting your lips up close to his, and he hums. "What a good girl." You pull away before you can kiss him, and he watches you as he slips his glasses back on his face, placing his hands in his lap. "Remember... you have page 81-85 to do for Monday... and you have to finger yourself the whole way through while you do it." "What good will that do?" you laugh. "Sexuality motivates," he shrugs, and leans back into his chair. "It's a proven study. Now get to work, sweetheart." Chapter 3 : Ex Machina: Nathan Bateman/Male Reader "I need the quadratic formula," Mr. Bateman calls, pacing in front of the chalkboard. He's wearing that grey tank top he (and you) like so much, the one that people assume he wears to either feel more comfortable or to say fuck you to the school dress code. Most assume the latter. He also has that hard furrow in his brow, the one that he always got when he's concentrating. One person, and exchange student named Kyoko, shoots up their hand, and he looks back expectantly over his glasses. "Yep?" "Ax squared plus bx plus c equals zero?" she guesses, and Mr. Bateman nods, pointing to her. "Very good. Often, the simplest way to solve "ax 2 + bx + c = 0" for the value of x is to factor the quadratic, set each factor equal to zero, and then solve each factor... while factoring may not always be successful, the Quadratic Formula can always find the solution." As he writes the formula out on the board, you watch his forearms intently, chewing on the end of your pencil. His muscles are bulging, and it's getting you so hard- he probably knows it too, which is why he keeps walking by your desk and rolling the chalk around between his fingers like he's caressing them with each touch... it makes you want to watch Nathan ride your cock, knowing under all this he's desperate for- "Anybody know how to apply the quadratic to question seven?" he asks, raising an eyebrow and crossing his arms as he leans against the board. He's also wearing those black sweatpants, and god... maybe you're just looking too close, but you can always see the outline of his cock bouncing when he walks around in those; the bastard probably goes commando. Of course, you've experienced that particular part of your teacher's anatomy many times, so you're far from scandalized by it- distracted a little, maybe. "Mr. (y/l/n)," he suddenly says, jarring you out of the sex eyes you're throwing him, "Care to provide us with the answer?" "Oh- um," you mumble, flipping to the actual page you were supposed to be on. "-Seeing as you've contributed fuck-all this period, I'd like you to come up and solve it on the board for me," he says, and there are a few titters around the classroom. You sigh, knowing that this is just his stupid way of bring able to watch your ass up close, but you do as you're told, getting up. As you approach the board, you turn to your best friend, Caleb, who is currently scribbling the answer on a piece of paper for you. Before he can lift it up, though, Mr. Bateman speaks. "Put it down, Mr. Smith," he says warningly, and Caleb grimaces, lowering the sheet. You huff, turning to the board. Good thing you're good at math, and catch on fast. You may be good at fucking, but fucking on it's own isn't what got you into advanced functions and theory with the smartest teacher in the entire building. You quickly write out the answer- longhand, just to prove a point- and sit back down with a smug smirk on your face. Mr. Bateman studies you, stroking his beard in a way that almost makes you lose your cool, then he gets up from the desk he had been sitting atop. "Fine. Moving on." You frown. He never praises you enough... no, he saves that for after class. "Sorry dude," Caleb whispers to you over the teacher's next equation, "I didn't wanna get in trouble. You know Mr. Bateman scares the shit out of me." You shrug reassuringly. "Whatever. He's gonna punish me anyway." You wink, and your redheaded friend, the only one who knows about your little thing with the teacher, rolls his eyes. "Is there something more interesting than me right now, guys?" Mr. Bateman suddenly interrupts you two from talking, and you're once again brought to attention. "No, sir," Caleb gulps, and you lick your lips inconspicuously. "Nothing at all, sir ," you say in a husky, barely appropriate voice for class, and he clenches his jaw. "(y/n), stay after class." You nod once, refraining from saying, "My pleasure." He turns back around, satisfied, and reaches high up to erase the latest formula, muscles once again flexing way too much. After class is finished, people file out as usual, and you stay in your seat... as usual. "Hey, wanna catch a movie tonight?" Caleb asks as he gets his books together. You notice that he's wearing the red Depeche Mode shirt that you got him, and smile a little. "I'd love to," you grin, and Caleb huffs a laugh. "Text me when you're, uh... finished." Once Caleb's gone and out of earshot, you tap your pencil against the desk. "So?" you ask, smirking. Mr. Bateman ignores you, flipping through a pile of paperwork and marking. You furrow your brow as he continues on like this, marking, flipping, letting you sit and fester in silence. Finally, he looks up from his paperwork, clasping his hands together. "Do you know why I gave you detention today?" he asks carefully. "Because you're horny and you want my dick?" you quip, and he sits down on the desk in front of you, unphased by your comment. "Because you've been a bad boy," he notes seriously, "A very... very mouthy little boy," he muses, picking up a wooden ruler. You watch him, wondering which porno he gets these lines from, but are caught off guard when he walks behind you, putting both hands on your shoulders and rubbing sensually. "You haven't been doing your homework." "I did the question right," you retort, and his grip tightens. "But you're execution was sloppy. When I teach, do I write things out like a lazy dimwit?" You blink. "No." "No," he repeats softly, "I write everything out, in the right order. You," he murmurs, trailing the ruler along your strong jaw, "Are fucking brilliant. I know this. You know this. So take this class fucking seriously." You nod slowly, swallowing, and he breathes out calmly. "Good. Now, of course, I can't just overlook this." He walks around you to the front, crossing his arms again. "You need to remember who your daddy is." You shudder at his words, and the gap between your knees subconsciously widens, the heel of your palm pressing down into your erection that's is getting harder by the second. "No, no," Nathan admonishes, slapping the ruler against your bare arm lightly, "Close 'em. I'll touch you soon enough. Until then- since you seemed to be using it so much today- let's put your pretty mouth to good use." You inhale sharply, and he watches from behind those glasses with half-lidded, intense eyes as you drop to your knees, quickly mouthing around the outline of his cock. "That's a good boy," he whispers, smiling down at you fondly, "Daddy's boy... yeah, take it out now." You bat your eyelashes, and pull the waistline of his sweatpants down, almost whining at the sight of his half hard cock. He rubs it against your cheek, running a hand through your cropped hair. "I want you to take it all. Can you do that, baby?" he asks, stroking your face. You smile. "Of course." He exhales shakily, and you kiss the tip, rubbing yourself through your jeans deftly. "You're so big," you moan, "I want it so badly..." "Be a good boy, and you'll get all of me," Nathan says, and nudges the head of his cock past your lips. You tighten your mouth around him, and swirl your tongue around his slit. Immediately, you can feel him get harder, and a low groan rips from his throat. You continue, taking him deeper, and he thrusts his hips forward a few times, grabbing your hair. " Fuck ... so good for daddy," he breathes, grunting as you hollow out your cheeks, and you hold his hips for support as you begin to bob your head. "Your mouth is fuckin' unreal," he moans, and you smile, taking him all the way in to the back of your throat. By now, you can feel how wet you are, but you don't dare stop, sliding Nathan's cock deeper every time. "Jesus, fuck-" he mutters, choking as you swallow around his tip. He gasps, a super erotic sound that makes you want to jerk yourself off, and pats your shoulder. "Pull off... gonna fuckin' come if you don't stop." You let him go with a pop, a line of spit and pre-cum still connecting your lips to his dick. You lick your lips, and get up, moving your sore jaw around a little. His brown eyes flicker down to your red, abused lips, and he captures them in a kiss, groaning into it and forcing you back against a desk, working at your pants zipper and pulling them down. As he's kissing you, he's also shoving your briefs down to pool around your ankles, and you think you probably have beard burn on your face by now. "Think you can hold back?" he mumbles into your hair, knowing how hard you are for him already, and you decide to be cheeky, wanting desperately to feel the hard smack of that ruler against your ass. "I want more than your cock," you tell him, "I want you to punish me, sir." Nathan holds his cock in one hand as he picks up the ruler. "Oh yeah? You think you deserve this?" "Oh, I've been such a bad boy," you moan, "Please..." "I'm not gonna let you fuck me today... this is supposed to be a punishment," he mutters, "But I'll sure as fuck spank you." He smacks the ruler down against your ass in a sharp crack, and you push back against him wantonly. "Please, daddy, I want another one!" You can hear the slapping sound of him jerking off as he spanks you again, every little moan coming from him making you that much harder. "You like getting spanked?" he asks, "You do... you're daddy's little slut." He trails a hand down your chest, eyeing your cock, which is lying untouched against your stomach. "Look at that... so ready for my touch," he says. Then he presses you further into the desk, taking your cock into his hand. You whine, but the hand on your back prevents you from rutting against the desk. He grabs your hips, and grinds his thick cock against you; just the size of it turns you on. " Ohhh ... so hard for me... so hard for your daddy," he mutters, "fuck..." He runs a thumb over your leaking slit, and you flip around as your teacher grabs your legs and hoists them up to wrap around his waist. Then he slams you into the chalkboard, kissing you and jerking you off for real. Your words and mind turn into a garbled mess as he really begins pumping your dick together with his, rocking you back into the board every time his hips push forward. "Think anyone can hear us?" you grin. "I hope so," Nathan replies, "Most of the teachers in this fuckin' school need a good wake up call." You chuckle, and he jerks you even harder, chasing his own release as well. You moan that you're going to come, and he jacks you through an intense climax as his cock throbs against yours. "Daddy, don't stop!" you cry, and he growls against your neck. He hasn't come yet, but he's close, so he lets you down. "Get on the floor." You don't protest, and do what he says. He kneels down, one leg on either side of you, and rucks up your shirt a little more. "Wanna come on you," he mutters, and you bite your lip, feeling your entire body shudder. He wraps a fist around his dick, and starts stroking back and forth- until he throws back his head. "Gonna.... gonna c- ohhh ," he groans, and you feel his cum shoot all over your face and chest. You watch as he squeezes the last of it out, and eventually gets up off of you. You get up as well, taking a tissue from his desk to clean off. "I-" Suddenly, you hear a knock at the door, and Nathan sends you a glance. You duck under his desk, and he tucks himself back up, calming his heaving chest before opening the door. "Oh! Hi Ava," you hear. Miss Vikander, the art teacher. "Yeah, no, I'm just marking a whole lot of fucking papers, y'know?... For sure.... Oh, there was a TA meeting today? Shit.... well, he knows I don't give a fuck anyway, so... okay, you've got it. Take it easy and have a good one." The door closes again, and you get up, the buckle finally doing uo on your belt. "So," Nathan says nonchalantly, polishes his glasses, "What have we learned today?" You go over, and sit on his lap, wrapping your legs around him. His eyes drop to your lips as his hands automatically support your back. "To try harder, and stop talking during class," you reply, ghosting your lips up close to his, and he hums. "What a good boy." You pull away before you can kiss him, and he watches you as he slips his glasses back on his face, placing his hands in his lap. "Remember... you have page 81-85 to do for Monday... and you have to finger yourself the whole way through while you do it." "What good will that do?" you laugh. "Sexuality motivates," he shrugs, and leans back into his chair. "It's a proven study. Now get to work, babe." Chapter 4 : Mojave: Jack/Female Reader Summary: On your way back from Vegas, you pick up a strange hitchhiker that you just can't help lusting after. The glare of the sun on your Ray Bans almost obstructs your view of the fading afternoon light on the road ahead of you. You have to be on set tomorrow morning, and it's a long drive home after your weekend sabbatical in Vegas. Very rarely does a car pass you, but when one does, it's a truck or a broken down station wagon; you're starting to get out to these deserted areas that remind you a little too much of the B-grade horror movies you're famous for starring in. You run a hand through your hair- it's been blown to rat shit since this morning, but luckily, you remembered enough hairspray to at least keep it looking naturally windswept. It was your agent/producer's idea... at least Norman was good for something. Pattering your fingernails along the coriaceous wheel to the hit song faintly playing on the radio, you suddenly see a figure up in the distance; this is extremely rare on the side of the Mojave Freeway, especially this late in the day. You get a better glimpse of the man as you drive closer, and see that he's wearing ratty clothes, has a brown bandana tied around his head of uncut hair, and a stubbly beard forming. But as you get even closer, there's something about his face... his upturned smile... that compels you to stop. Don't pull over, don't pull over, don't pull over, your mind chants repetitively, but despite that smart advice you're trying to instill in yourself, you find your tanned arms turning the wheel to pull over for the hitchhiker. "Well... here's my good karma for the day," you mutter to yourself, turning down the radio to a dull buzz, and stop the car beside him. "Where're you goin'?" The man gets a good look at you, and smiles even wider- you can't decide if you're unnerved or turned on by his expression yet. "Where are you going?" he turns your question on you with the quirk of a dark eyebrow. You frown. "I was on my way back to Hollywood." "Hmm. You an actress?" You nod once. "What kinds of movies do you do?" he asks, squinting through the sunlight, and you huff. "You getting in or what?" He grins again, and walks around to the other side of your sleek black convertible. "Nice vehicle you have here," he says as you start the engine again, and you narrow your eyes. "Right. Well, it works." He whistles low. "Beautiful." "Thanks, I'm sure my car really appreciates it." He turns his head a little. "I wasn't talking about the car anymore." Your heart skips a beat, and you clear your throat, keeping your gaze focused head on. "Alright," you mumble, "I think I'd feel much more comfortable if we didn't talk." He holds his smile, studying your face, then eventually sighs, placing a warm hand on your forearm. "Making you uncomfortable is the last thing I want to do... trust me." You tense up under his touch, and he pulls away, holding his hands up. "Forgive me. I've been out in the Mojave for a while, and real breathing people are scarce out there, so... I'm a little out of practice." You bite your lip, easing on the gas pedal. "What... what were you doing out there?" you ask, your curiousity betraying your previous request to keep to yourselves. "Nothing," he answers nonchalantly, " Everything . Does one ever really know what they're doing when they go out to the desert for a month with no food and water, the only means of survival left behind by old campers?" He lets out a breath, staring up at the sky. "Then again... maybe those people are the only ones who know what they're doing." You frown again. This guy was weird... so why- why , did you feel some deep level of attraction to him? Were looks really that important to you? Maybe he did have a nice personality... maybe he was just cut off from society for a long time, like he said... maybe he even had heat stroke or something- "What were you doing before you picked me up?" he asks, and you laugh. "Driving." He looks at you with a smirk. "Where did you come from?" You open your mouth, regarding the blazing stretch of road ahead of you. "I was in Vegas for a few days." "Aren't you supposed to have bodyguards with you or something?" "I'm not that famous," you scoff, "I'm known for all those... silly, popcorn slasher flicks. You know Desert Doom? The one with the crazed maniac who hides in caves, waiting for hikers and shit to pass by so he can hack them apart and cook 'em?" He shakes his head. "Can't say that I've seen it." "Well, that's one of my worst performances, if I do say so myself," you grin, "See, I'm always the main chick who flaunts her tits and gets it," you make a stabbing motion, "right at the end." "Do you fuck for the movies?" You blink at his blunt question. "What?" "You show your tits, so do you have sex on screen?" he asks more slowly, and you swallow. "Um... sometimes, yeah. If the part calls for it. I mean, it's not real sex, but..." You falter, the cold, uncomfortable feeling returning. "Anyway-" "What were you doing in Vegas?" You swallow nervously. "Just... having a good time." "Where did you stay?" "I... MGM, why?" "MGM. Nice hotel. You must be pretty rich then, huh?" You shake your head. "Um, actually, my producer paid for it..." He hums. "It was nothing special, though," you brush off, desperate to get the conversation off of your weekend whereabouts. He nods, scratching at his beard, and you lick over your lips. "What's your name?" He turns to face you again. "I'm Jack," he says, after a long pause, "and I know you're an actress and all, but I don't know your name either." "It's (y/n)." He nods again, smiling. "Do you know what it's like living in the desert, (y/n)?" You scrunch up your nose at the weird question. "No. I only pass through time to time." "It makes you question a lot of things," he says languidly, "Makes you question your morals... your existence..." He turns to look you in the eye, and his pupils take on a shadowy aura about them. "The devil walks these ridges, you know." "Wh-why did you say you were going to Hollywood?" you ask, quickly changing the subject. "I didn't say," he replies. You stare at him out of the corner of your eye. "Okay... you're really freaking me out. You're this really... don't hate me for saying it, but strange man who I just picked up from the side of the road, and now you're talking about the devil and being suuuper creepy and ambiguous about yourself after you interrogated me about my weekend. What the hell?" He stops, eyebrows raised, and just as you fear he's going to have some sort of scary violent outburst, he suddenly begins laughing. He tips his head back, and wipes his eyes. "You're..." he chuckles, "You're so right. So much for that "not making you uncomfortable" thing, right?" he shakes his head, exhaling the tail-end of his laughter. "I'm just a hitcher, man... a drifter... and you're an actress. I think you're sexy- you're not quite sure why you're attracted to me. I'm not quite sure either; I would have taken one look at me and driven on by. But you didn't." You have no idea what to say... so you keep driving quietly. "I'm," you eventually try, "I'm not-" "You think I'm hot," he grins, "Don't deny it. You know what? I think we should pull over." You open your mouth to protest, but Jack interrupts. "We should bang one out on the side of the road right here, right now, so we can both get on with our lives and stop eye-fucking each other. Right?" Your brain is whirring. One half of you is screaming, that is the single most ridiculous, idiotic idea on the planet! Pull over with a man you just picked up on the freeway!? But the other half is the half that's staring at this guy, this mysterious, almost enigmatic man beside you with interest. There's something in his eyes that just makes you want to feel him so deep inside of you that you can't breathe. "Someone will see us," you murmur. "Nobody comes out here except fucking wanderers like you and me," he says in that slow, pronounced voice, "Besides, all of America probably comes thinking about your tits. What would one perverted old trucker change about your shame?" You gulp, looking over at his hooded brown eyes with those long eyelashes, and you know you're done for. You pull the car over with a screech, and in a second, your mouth is on his. For a man who hasn't been around amenities for a while, he tastes oddly nice- like cranberries and... an undertone of fresh vodka. "Yeah, my kind of girl," he chuckles through the kiss, "Fast and rough... oh! Alright..." You unbutton his shirt, tearing off his brown outer jacket and opening up his white one underneath. His chest is well-defined, abs tanned and athletic from days in the desert, no doubt. Hardly any words are exchanged as you reach down to find him hard and aching in his pants- you wonder idly what you could have said over the course of the drive so far to make him this hard so far, but you didn't think to ask as you take his cock out, running your hand up and down it a few times. "Oh, yeah..." he groans excitedly, "The touch of a woman after months of beating off to nothing but the sound of coyotes howling at night is a fucking treat ." You don't answer, debating whether or not to start him off with your mouth, but decide against it in the end as you realize the sun is going down faster than you thought and you should really get back to LA before dark. "I want to feel your pussy around me," he says, stroking under your breasts through your sweat-soaked tank top, and you exhale, opening the glove compartment. "Sorry, but latex it is. I'll let you fuck me, but I don't want Hitchhiker Jack Jr. kicking around when I could be signing movie deals." His mouth quirks up, and gestures to his penis with both hands, inviting you to fit the condom on. You tear the packet open with your teeth, and do so. When it's all the way on, you climb overtop of him, and, finding the right position, lower down until his full length is buried inside of your tight heat. "Fucking sweet Jesus," he whispers. "Close," you wink, and start moving, riding him hard against the seat. His face contorts into an expression of pleasure, then he gets this intense look in his eye as he begins pounding his hips upward. Unprepared, you gasp, and moan as he goes deep, thrusting into you and making your whole body quiver. "Damn... you're... good," you breathe through thrusts, "You do this a lot?" He doesn't answer- just continues to fuck you, biting his bottom lip hard as he grips your waist for leverage. "I'm gonna come," he mutters, wiping his brow with one hand, and you flip your hair out of your face, the sweltering heat beating down on the two of you. "Yeah... m-me too," you whisper, and just as he groans again, you hear the appreciative honk of a large truck going by. "Oh shit," you gasp, and Jack grins, pounding even harder. The thrill of the truck noticing you two having sex tosses you headfirst into an overwhelming climax, your mouth opening as you cry out. Jack comes too with a stuttered moan, and when you're both finished, you roll off back to your seat, dabbing your face with the bottom of your shirt. The silence is endless. You eventually take it as a sign to return to the driving, that you weren't going to talk about it- then you feel a strong grip on your wrist as it reaches for the ignition. You turn to see Jack smirking calmly. "People who spend months in the desert," he muses softly, staring off in the distance to the hills where the sun has almost disappeared now, "are not people you want to be caught with after dark." A streak of fear shoots through you as a manic grin develops across his handsome face, and the grip on your wrist tightens excruciatingly. I shouldn't have pulled over... I'm a horror actress, how the fuck could I have been so blind to all the red flags? The last thing you see on this hot evening is the glint of a silver knife and his dirty fist to your face. Dumping your body at the side of the road and burying you under some dirt and branches, Jack hums to himself as he takes your keys, starting up the convertible and driving off at top speed toward Hollywood in pursuit of his current obsession from the depths of the Mojave. Chapter 5 : A Most Violent Year: Abel/Female Reader Summary: You and your husband Abel are caught in stressful times with all the robbery going on in the business. As a result, times call for some spontaneous office de-stressing. Notes: Power couple ftw! (This is a pretty short one) "Nobody'll admit to doing it," Abel sighs, rubbing his temples. "It's pointless trying to squeeze it out of the cowards." You cross your arms, looking out the window of his office at the company trucks parked outside. "And that surprises you?" you reply in a low, deadpan voice, and your husband looks up from his seated position behind his desk. "I'd say I'm a fairly honourable man. All I ask is the same in return. Baby, all I'm expecting from these people is a little decency. A little respect for the business I run. Is that really too much to ask?" You turn, and walk over to him. "That's your problem," you murmur, tracing his jaw with your long, expensively manicured fingernail, "You strive to see the good in people even when nobody gives you any reason to believe there's any left in the wide world." "There is," he scoffs, "as long as you and I are in business." You smile a little, and lean down. "We'll get through this." There's a pause as you wrap your arms around his head. "The bank's not backing us on the charges anymore," Abel croaks from within your arms, and your breath hitches. "W-we can still work through this," you assure, "Right, baby?" He looks at you for a long while, then nods. Then you lean forward, giving him a reassuring kiss on the lips. He holds you for longer than intended, and the kiss deepens. "Aren't you supposed to be working on a solution?" you chastise, trying to sound stern, but one look at those weary eyes and you can't deny Abel anything. "We'll make it quick," he promises softly in your ear, and you shake your head. "No... no, make it good ." He looks at you, then latches his lips onto your neck, not sucking, but kissing lightly. That was one thing about Abel: he was always considerate about hickeys, since he knew how many dress suits you owned with a scoop neck. You weren't always so polite when you got in control of him some nights. "What if someone walks in?" you whisper. "Come on," he whispers back, moving the phone with his left hand as he sits you on his big, mahogany desk, "We've been so busy with the kids, with all this... criminal shit lately, we've only had time for early evening missionary." You smile, stretching back so your husband would have more access to your neck. "You're right... we're too boring. We run a company together, we're powerful people with an exciting business... we should have an exciting sex life too." "Exactly," Abel hums, and lifts up your skirt gingerly, reaching under and pulling your pressed panties down. Then he goes back your lips, tongue slipping gently into your mouth. He needs this. You need this. Abel looks especially sexy today in one of his best suits, tie matching the colour of your dress, and you want him; he can feel how wet you are. Your moans are muffled by the occasional buzz and chatter of the truck radios just outside the window, and the office is basically deserted anyway, save for a few errant drivers who couldn't give less of a fuck what you two were up to. "You're so good at what you do," you whisper in his hair as he pushes into you with a low groan, "You'll catch these sons of bitches, I have no doubt. I married an honourable, smart... handsome man, and I know for a fact we'll get through it because of that." "Yeah," he breathes, face comforting with every thorough push of his hips, "Yeah, we're gonna find 'em." "All of 'em," you moan, wrapping your legs around Abel's back to get him deeper. " Ahhh ..." With every thrust, his belt buckle jangles around his knees where his pants have slipped down to, and you chant his name softly into his shoulder. "Fuck... so good... so big," you whisper, "Love you so much..." After a minute, he kisses up your jaw, trapping your earlobe and kissing it too. His thrusts get faster, and you feel the pleasure curling in the base of your spine. He can tell you're close by the clenching around his cock, and he stills, giving one last hard push. He kisses you through a sudden shuddering orgasm, coming deep inside of you and pushing you over the edge. "Abel," you gasp, and suddenly, he's holding you in his arms, supporting you against the desk a little more as your body relaxes. "I love you," he tells you earnestly, the first sign of a genuine smile of his appearing, and you run a hand through his tastefully silver-streaked dark hair. He then rights himself, and helps you get back into your previously coiffed state. Finally, you lean down across from his seat at the desk, and lift your perfectly styled eyebrows. "Come home to me," you say seriously, locking your pinkey with his, and he gives a solemn nod before turning back to the phones and the dangerous business you two had been sucked down into, the click of your heels on the way out nothing but an afterthought to what had just transpired. The two of you were the only ones who would ever know, and just as you liked your work affairs, you liked it that way. Chapter 6 : Drive: Standard/Female Reader Summary: You've known Standard Gabriel since before he had a family- you were old partners in crime. Now he has one more job, and needs you help with it... whatever that may entail. "You got the guns?" Standard asks you, holding out his hand. "Yeah," you scoff, "And you ain't takin' 'em." He clenches his jaw, and puts up his hands. "Fine. Y'know what, whatever. It's not even gonna matter, cause we're gonna be in and out. You won't even get a chance to use them." "Sure," you mutter, "Is that what you said when you got arrested?" The Driver looks up from the wheel, and you realize as soon as you said it that it was a low blow; you just couldn't bring yourself to give a shit. "No, but I bet it's what you said when you got taken in for six murders," Standard bites back. "Six?" Driver croaks. Then he looks back down, minding his own business again. You roll your eyes. "Five, technically. The sixth was framed on me." "Oh, whoppie shit," Standard mocks, throwing up his hands, "You know what I went through in prison?" "The same thing I went through in the state penitentiary!" Driver checks his watch. "Need I remind you that while you bicker, you now have-" "Four minutes left!" Standard interrupts, "Yeah. Thanks, blondie." The two of you exchange a look, nod from years of a shared bond of trust, then you sling the bag of ammo over your shoulder; the bag you would also be using to fill with the cash. "So... last job, huh?" you ask conversationally on the way across the parking lot, "You going soft?" "Well, the thought had crossed my mind after being beaten to a pulp for no reason by assholes in cop uniforms, yeah," Standard spits back. "Aww, so a few bad-sport pigs spoiled your work ethic? Really, this isn't the Standard Gabriel I know." Suddenly, he swings around, and pushes you up against the brick side of the pawn shop with a shuffling slam. "The Standard Gabriel you know," he grits out, face almost touching yours, "Is dead. I killed him in prison. This Standard wants his wife and kid back, and maybe to go a day without the taste of iron in my mouth." You cringe, his fingers digging into your collarbone, and he lets go. "So get off my case, and help me," he mutters. You blink languidly, and follow after him into the shop. You pretend to look around the store for gum, all the while listening in for the trigger word to pull the weapons out. "Afternoon," Standard says, "You got anything nice back there in the cabinet? I wanna spoil the wife on our anniversary." He jerks his thumb over to you with a winning smile, where you giggle and wave like the bubbly-ass motherfucker you are. The man behind the counter, who has a name tag that reads Hector, holds up a finger, rubbing his mustache. Then he turns, getting a key out to the glass cabinet that holds all the big ticket items like diamond rings and necklaces and such. Standard watches the key ring, and sees which one the man chooses; brass bottom, black gel grip. "Boy," he continues conversationally, "spring's sure coming early with all his nice, hot sun." You whip around at the trigger word, and cock a gun at Hector's head, right at eye level. "Okay, Hector," Standard says calmly, "I'm gonna give you to the count of five to put that jewelry in the bag, along with $25,000 in cold hard cash, you get me?" Hector crosses his arms. "I won't!" You sigh, and press the gun right up to his shiny forehead. "She'll pull it," Standard smirks. You take the safety off. "Okay, o-okay," Hector rushes, and reaches under the counter. Unfortunately for everyone involved, it's not money he's getting- it's a shotgun, and he's aiming it right at your former crime partner. * BANG * The hole appears in the shop owner's head faster than... well, a shot... and Standard sighs heavily, looking down to his feet as Hector collapses in a pool of blood. "(y/n)... remember our talk about the guns being for intimidation tactic only?" You blow the drifting smoke off the weapon. "Fuck our talk. He was gonna shoot you." Standard groans, and grabs the duffel bag from you, proceeding to load it himself. You tap your foot impatiently, stealing a packet of gum off the shelves and popping one in your mouth. "Now... we have to get going," he murmurs in agitation, "Or one, Driver two-shoes out there is gonna peel out on us, and two, we'll get taken in for murder. Goodbye, life. Now, I know you don't give a fuck about any of that, but I'm gonna be a repeat offender soon if we don't get our asses into gear." "You wasted like... a minute with that speech," you deadpan, cleaning the gun on your skintight tank top. With a growl, Standard grabs your wrist, and pulls you out of the shop. "No sirens yet," you hiss, and suddenly reverse things- you drag him back to the brick wall, pushing him against it. "Fuck me." "What?" "All these years, and one thing's never changed- you can't keep your eyes off of me, Standard. And, well... vice versa... those are some nice tats- you've gotta give me the name of your guy." You don't know what you were expecting- but it certainly wasn't for Standard to flip you around, actually going in for the kiss. Wasn't he married now, as he liked pointing out frequently? That fact didn't seem to matter to his dick, obviously. "Alright," he says in a low, gravelly voice, "Fine. I know how to get you off in two minutes or less, 'cause this isn't... sex," he says the word like it leaves a bad taste in his mouth, "It's me fucking you. Purely physical, like it always was. I remember what makes you tick, (y/n)." "You do? Did you jerk off thinking of me?" you grin, tipping your head back, "At night, in prison? Cause I fingered myself to the memory of you fucking me on that threadbare mattress of that drug heist we did... where were we?" "Cuba," he exhales painstakingly through his prominent nose, muscles flexing over his dirty white tank top. "Cuba," you laugh, "That was good. That was fun. Did you think of me?" "I thought of my wife," he snaps. "Your wife was a mistake," you snap back, "You're only with her for the kid." "Don't you dare bring up my kid," Standard growls, "You don't know anything about him or my life." "I'm the one who grew up with you," you insist. "The one who was there when your dad almost killed your mom, the one who helped you pass calculus the year your aunt got arrested for prostitution... and don't even get me started on your Uncle Guillermo, and the guys who almost broke your leg-" "Alright, alright." "-I mean, yeah, look where we are now, but shit... I used to imagine wearin' the white dress for you." Standard stares at you with a blank, almost curious stare. "Are you shitting me right now?" "Course," you grin, "I wouldn't marry you if my life depended on it, sweetheart." He pulls your booty shorts down, and rips a hole right in the middle of your panties. He's already hard, and you're actually pretty wet- despite all of your skirmishes, Standard is a sexy man in your opinion, and now, with that beard, buzz cut and squinting brow? Marriage might be a laugh to you, but a two minute quickie with Standard sounded like heaven at present. "You just killed somebody," he hisses as he holds you against the wall, thrusting into you with one push. "And?" you whisper back, trailing your lips sensually down his face. "I don't know," he replies in defeat, then curses. "We've got a minute left." "Make it count then, Deluxe," you wink, referencing the porn star name you had jokingly given him when you two were teenagers, and he laughs a little despite himself, fucking into you again. He knows what would get you off- and he was about to implement his masterful tactic. "So dripping wet for my hard cock, huh?" he murmurs in your ear, "You like takin' something this thick, baby?" "Yeah... oh yeah... can your wife take it?" "We hardly ever fucked, so I wouldn't know." "Ah! Need you, oh-" "Yeah, such a slut for my cock. You gonna come on it? You gonna squeeze every last drop out of me, like the dirty, greedy little whore you are, hmmm?!" You cry out, feeling every tingle bringing you closer and closer... "Gonna make you come so fucking hard, baby, so hard," he whispers in your ear softly, and you do, moaning and grabbing at his back. With a groan, he pounds into your faster until your back is hitting the bricks painfully; he stops short after a punched out gasp and comes. You both fix yourselves quickly. "Run," he mutters, and you whip around the corner of the wall, dashing for the car with Standard. Driver raises an eyebrow at you two, and Standard grins. "Ten seconds to spare." You smile, leaning forward. "How much of that did you see?" you ask teasingly. "Enough," he shakes his head, though not without an upturned mouth. Fucking perv. "Keep your fucking trap shut," Standard warns, "I didn't just steal all this money for my family to have it ruined by-" he looks at you, and his eyes soften with a hint of buried admiration that just couldn't be faked. He doesn't finish his sentence, and Driver puts his hands up. Suddenly, the loud sounds of sirens fade in- seriously, who could have called them around here?!- and Driver hits the gas, the duffel bag clamped between your thighs just as Standard used to be. "Well," you sigh, "That was a load of fun." Standard looks at you through the car mirror. "More fun than should be legal with you running around California." You laugh, slipping your sunglasses on. "Whoever said it was legal?" Chapter 7 : X-Men: Apocalypse: Apocalypse/Reader Summary: You're an inexperienced mutant who has grown up and trained at Professor Xavier's School For Gifted Youngsters, but when you're thrust into a war against the most powerful god history has known, will you be able to resist his temptation? Your body quivers with fear as you stare up at him- a god. The first mutant ever born, or so the legends claimed. The foretold bringer of the Apocalypse- and you had no doubt he would. Fighting for the world; for people who couldn't fight for themselves against this entity, was what you were doing. You had trained at Charles' school among your fellow mutants since you were a child; you had done everything all your life, to make up for the tragedy of your brother dying in an accident that you could have prevented if you hadn't been so brash. You had failed him... and because of this, you would never dream of giving in. That is, not until this being's pale, white eyes are staring you down, his hand pinning you to the ground. His sneering face is blue, a hideous blue that takes over his entire body. His armor is heavy and ancient, sharp against you. You fight against him, jerking in the hold. Around you, buildings were collapsing, missiles were firing, fires- both natural and mutant- were raging as your classmates dropped, one by one. It was too soon... none of you were trained fully, and you had been thrust into a war headfirst that couldn't hope to be won by your side. Still- it's a fight to the death, you think with fervor, your drive pumping through your veins. "Let me show you something," he says in a deep, otherworldly voice that sounds almost demonic to your ears. You struggle as you try to muster your reasonably-honed powers, but you find they're currently inaccessible. With a gasp, you squeeze your eyes shut at his touch to your forehead, waiting for the quick pain of inevitable death... but you awaken in a large, gold room instead. There is nobody else except for a man lying on the table... you walk over with one cautious step after the other to what looked like the slab of a tomb, and see faint gold markings lighting up and tracing your steps along the ground. You lean over the table, and gaze upon a young, bald man wearing only a brown toga over his lower half, his smooth, bronze skin shining golden in the light of the blazing torches. You wonder where you are... it seems like somewhere in ancient Egypt, far underground. You squint closer, trying to make out who's on the table and wondering if they're still breathing, when the eyes open. "(y/n)," the man says, rising. You back away, ready to attempt to your powers whenever you need them. "Who are you? How do you know me?" The eyes of the man flash from brown to a familiar pure white, and you gasp. No... this beautiful, perfect man couldn't be... "My name is En Sabah Nur." "Wh-where am I?" you stutter, and he advances on you, a sense of dread passing through you. "You are witnessing the dawn of my reign," he says in a voice that's oddly hypnotic- not at all harsh and scathing as it was in his godly form. "The day I became a deity, was the day the universe was born of what today's inheritents brand mutants." You bite your lip. "You took me back in time... why?" "To show you," he says softly, taking another step closer to you, "To open your eyes , my child." He cups your face, and strokes a thumb that feels like silk against your cheek. "I can see just fine," you snap, jolting out of the gentle touch, "you're a monster." "I have been called many things over the millennia," he whispers, his following throaty chuckle echoing deeply through the walls around you. "I am a force that will bring about ultimate peace in the times." "Peace?" you huff, "You're talking about wiping out the entire world!" "Rebuilding it," he coos, stroking over your face once more, and you gasp slightly as he gets even closer, the tension between you almost unbearable now. "There is one last thing I must show you," he says, voice barely a whisper. He reaches up, and presses his hand to your forehead. Your vision is suddenly clouded, and your eyes turn that pure, milky white as your body is overrun with an intense, quaking sensation of ultimate power. It rages through you as flashes of demolition, wreckage, then suddenly the calm ripple of an endless void of peaceful blackness plays in front of you- no more suffering. No more struggle. Paradise on earth for all who deserve it; you feel as if you could take on a galaxy, your previous teachings sorely irrelevant in comparison to this new-found revelation. Suddenly, it's all gone in a wisp, and you've returned to normal. "You survived it," he muses in astonished reverie, and you exhale in unsettlement. "Was I not supposed to?" you mutter, your head spinning a little as you stare around the gold room. "Only three have survived My Vision before you," he continues on, "You are the fourth. You... are my fourth. The one I've been waiting for- the reincarnation of the goddess I built." You feel your heart pounding. "What do you mean?! What was that?" "What I hope to rebuild and make stronger in the world," he says ambiguously, and you frown. To ease your apparent doubts, he puts a finger under your chin, and dips his full lips down, pulling you into a sweet kiss. Whatever insecurity or fear you had upon contact with him vanishes, replaced by a dizzying warmth- an instilled sense of identity; purpose. "I see it," you breathe, closing your eyes at the blinding impact of enlightenment, "My lord, I see it. How have we all have been so foolish? It's the only way!" He smiles as you gaze upon his handsome face, and before your eyes, the scene around you changes back to the broken city, your friends and fellow students calling for your help. En Sabah Nur assumes himself as Apocalypse again, his golden skin fading into the dark, forbidding blue and his height dramatically increasing back to his frightening stance. "Everything they've built," he calls, raising his powerful arms by his sides as his voice echoes, "Will fall! And from the ashes of their world... we will build a better one." You smile at the screams of protest around you- you know everything will be alright, as the bursting power he has bestowed upon his goddess swells inside of you once again. Your eyes turn white as you hold up a sparking hand against the swarm of the mutants you once knew around you, you carrying out his work. This time, you'd do the right thing. You wouldn't fail anybody, the world- or your new master- now. Chapter 8 : 10 Years: Reeves/Female Reader Summary: At a ten year reunion you attend with your best friend Elise, you find yourself in a scary place when a Reeves, guy you had a crush on- and a guy you know had a crush on you- attends as well... and he got smoking hot since high school. Notes: Whoa. This one's long haha. Ten years ago, you would have been a lot more enthused by the idea of getting together with the people you went to school with. Now? Well... you were probably just doing it for the free food and open bar. The venue is nice enough- white tablecloths with a shimmery gold banner welcoming your old class. Your observations are interrupted by squealing, and your friend Elise pats you on the shoulder. "Brace yourself." You huff, and turn to embrace Julie, who's orchestrating the event. Ugh . You've hated this girl ever since she stole the part of Mrs. Hills from you in the school's grade five play, Happy the Snowman. I mean, the girl was already cheer captain and student body president, did she really need to be Mrs. Hills too?! "Hey, it is SO good to see you again!" she beams. Her hair is a trashy shade of blonde now. "Oh yeah," you feign, hugging her back carefully, "How've you been?" "Oh! Well, you wouldn't believe what I-" "Look, appies!" Elise interrupts, and drags you away by the wrist. "Thank you," you whisper. She nods. The two of you sit down by the trays of delicious-looking appetizers. You were never really into the whole "in" scene in high school, and because of that, you had a lot of friends that just enjoyed your weirdness. Elise, on the other hand, kept to herself, only ever spending time with you in particular around school. "So... who settled down, who got rich, who looks like shit?" you mumble, picking up a devilled egg, "That's the real question." Elise had stayed in the small town you were from since high school, taking a job in town, so she still knew everyone pretty well. "Well... Anna gained some weight, and she's sort of a loner now." You look over at the blonde in the corner that Elise points out. That's how Anna, the beauty bitch, turned out? "And Becky... yeah..." she says, cringing. You look over to see Becky Rodriguez, sitting at a table and looking… frankly, pretty bad. "I wonder what she did with her life," you muse. Just then, a young, Abercrombie model-type came sauntering over, and full on started making out with her at the table. You and Elise gasp. "Obviously a lot." "Holy shit!" You look at each other, and laugh. A lot can change in ten years. You continue looking around. Everything is so different, yet... so similar. It's all very weird. After a few minutes, your conscience kicks in and you start to feel bad about the comments you're making about your old classmates, so you decide to mingle a little- with people you actually liked . "Hi," you grin, poking your old hulk of a friend Jake in the back. When he turns, his eyes immediately light up upon seeing you. "(y/n)?!" he cries, and picks you up, squeezing you. "You look amazing! How are you, bro? What have you been doing?!" "Oh... a little bit of everything," you choke, patting to get down, "How are you?" "I'm pretty good. Netflix is my life and I live alone with my dog and dirty laundry- nothing has changed." You chuckle, then he shakes his head. "Nah, I'm just screwing around. I'm actually hot shit and I’ve got a girlfriend now." He leans in close. "Ring and everything." "Ooh, where're you hiding it, your underwear?" you tease. "That's more of a Cully thing to do. Hey, Jess!" he calls with a big grin, “Get over here, babe! This is the amazing actress I told you about," Jake tells his girlfriend, who's adorably shorter than him, and you blush. "It was only drama class, Jake..." "Come on, you got a hundred on every monologue you did." You roll your eyes, and shake Jess's hand. "Hi, nice to meet you." "Hey!" she smiles back, "Were you two, like... together, in high school?" You and Jake look at each other, then burst out laughing simultaneously. "Never in a million years," you both say at the same time, and Jess smiles too. "Where is Cully?" you ask, wondering if he was still... well... a jerk. "Oh, he's busy making amends with all the geeks over there at the bar." You scoff. "More like bugging the shit out of them, it looks like." "Yeah, well... that's why he's got Sammy to keep him in check." You suddenly see someone else, and a blush spreads across your cheeks. "Are you… blushing?" Jake suddenly asks. "No," you quickly snap. "No makeup comes in that shade," Jess jokes, "Who is it? You can tell me, I don't know anyone here." You laugh, and shake your head. "Just... nobody, just a guy from bio class." "Wow, real specific," Andre says, suddenly joining the three of you. You smile, and he pulls you into a hug, slapping your back with a laugh. "You look fine, girl!" he says, whistling, "Where's your boyfriend? Husband? Thousand screaming fans?" "I'm still working on making it big," you reply, holding your smile. "Ahh, I get you. Keepin' a low profile for now ‘til you become a movie star. Aight, I respect that. So who're you getting all blushy over, now?" "She won't say," Jake informs him, amused. "Shut up, it's just-" "Bio guy," Jess fills in, and you run a hand through your hair, staring over at him. "Holy fuck..." Jake suddenly says, following your gaze, "Reeves? Reeves?! No shit, man?" You duck your head. "Fuck off, Jake." "Dude, him and I were best friends in high school! You've gotta let me talk to him, he's super laid back- hey, REEVES! Buddy!” Reeves turns, and waves. “Hey, man.” “CO-“ “Shhh,” you punch Jake, and he chuckles, putting his arm down. "Talk to him! Seriously, he's chill," Andre assures you, "We were tight too." "I know," you mumble, "I remember." You remember all too well the feel of Reeves' lips on yours that night in the parking lot. You and Elise had attended the basketball game since there was really nothing else to do that Friday night, and had ended up outside when Elise announced that she needed a smoke, handing you your tacky magenta sweater that you loved wearing so much. Lo and behold, out in the parking lot by his beat-up jeep, Reeves- the guy you had been crushing on since freshman year biology- had been standing, staring up at the stars. Elise had eventually convinced you to go up and talk to him, so you did. He was the sweetest, and all you could say was "thanks for those notes you lent me on the circulatory system." Smooth, you. Real smooth. But he was nice about it. He smiled and told you not to worry about it, and soon, you were discussing all sorts of things from the sweaty, gross smell of the basketball gym, to the philosophy teacher's pointy eagle nose. In what had felt like hours, you had only been talking for three minutes, and he had moved in quite close. You remember the heat of his breath... how it smelled like grape soda... on your mouth as he leaned in. The feeling of his hand brushing your stray hair out of your face, and the feeling of his lips taking yours. You remember making out for a good, solid minute after that, and you also remember the way he lifted your leg against his car, the bulge in his pants evident even in the night. You remember freezing up before things could go any further; and breaking away, making some excuse and running off with Elise. If you could go back in time, losing your virginity to Reeves would have been preferable to how it did end up happening, but... you can't change the past. "Yo! Yoo-hoo, (y/n)," Jake says, waving in front of your face. You blink. "Huh?" "Elise is calling you." "Oh... thanks, guys. I'll catch up with you later, yeah?" "We're ditching for Pretzels in about two hours, and we expect to see you there!" Andre says sternly, pointing at you, and Jake nods. "Show 'em who's champion drinker of (y/school) High!" You grin, and wave as you rejoin your friend. "Isn't that Reeves over there?" she mumbles to you. You sigh. So, there might have been a drunken night in college when you rambled on to her about your stale crush on him and how you wish, according to her paraphrasing, you " would've let him stick it in you when you'd had the chance ." The blush returns. "Oh yeah? I hadn't noticed." Elise raises an eyebrow at you. "Like fuck, you've been staring at him for five minutes straight." You bite your lip. He looked really good now... even better than he did when you were both eighteen. His hair was cut short, almost buzzed, and he was wearing a brown leather jacket; looking at him made your stomach flutter just as if you were still in high school. You can't figure out why so many people are trying to take pictures with him, though... was he famous now or something? Huh. "Go talk to him," Elise urges, taking a sip from her strawberry margarita, and you glare. "Oh, no. We're not doing this again." You get up, and Elise follows begrudgingly. From his stance uncomfortably squeezed in selfie position between two girls who claim to know him from grade eleven lit, Reeves watches you disperse back into the crowd over to the lounge chairs. "Sorry, can we take another one?" the blonde on the left of him asks in mild irritation, "You weren't looking at the camera." He snaps his attention back, and nods apologetically. "Yep. Sorry." -0-0-0- About forty minutes later, you and Elise were thoroughly loosened up and swaying to the music. "(y/n)!" you hear, and turn to find Marty and AJ, hanging off the back of a couch. "You goofs," you mutter, "You haven't changed a bit." They come bounding over, and you all share a hug, exchanging the normal "how's life?" and "so what the hell do you do now?"s. Just as AJ's about to show you a picture of his prestigious boat, you feel a light tap on your shoulder. You turn, and come face to face with- "I, um," Reeves says, swallowing, "I owe your friend two dollars." You blink. "I'm sorry?" "She... she bought me fries... when we went to the planetarium... remember? In grade ten?" You frown. "Right. So... you’re here because you want me tooo… deliver the money to her?" you ask, taking the two bills he's holding out. He bites his lip, and looks down. "That… may have just been an ice breaker." You laugh nervously. "That was a pretty lame ice breaker, though I'm sure Elise will be very happy to have her two big bucks back." Reeves rubs the back of his neck, and smiles. "You look different." You gaze at him. "So do you." He nods slowly. “Better, I hope.” “Maybe,” you tease. Reeves jerks his thumb behind him. "This place has a rooftop deck... I have weed.” Surprise overtakes you, but you find yourself accepting, taking his hand as he leads you up the stairs. You don't even look back to see Elise's smug grin. When you get to the top, you're pleased to see that it's empty. Not many people know about it, obviously. You shove the money in your pocket, and watch as Reeves takes out a joint and a lighter. "Why are you wasting your joint on me?" you smirk, sticking your hands in your pockets. He laughs. "Maybe I had you in mind when I rolled it." You look back at him. "Oh, come on. We made out once, and now we're Cheech and Chong?" "Good point," he smiles, a dazzling, white beam, "If you'd prefer, I can always ask Julie up here. She looks tipsy and my chances are significantly higher of getting lucky with her.” “Uh huh?” you smile, “Is that your goal ?” “Totally,” he chuckles, “I’m that guy that’s only talking to you right now so you’ll have sex with me.” You smirk, and watch the lights of the city. “You know, a wise woman once said, when a man tells you his intentions, you should listen.” Reeves’ eyes drop down to your lips. “Are you listening, then?” You look away, changing the subject. “What do you do?” “I’m a singer and songwriter.” You raise an eyebrow. "A singer?" "Yeah," he shrugs sheepishly, "I honestly don't know how I did it, though. I just write these little songs... I never expected them to be on the radio or anything." “You have any hits?” “There’s one…” he says, eyes flitting nervously. You patter your nails against the railing, then realize he’s not going to finish that sentence. “So… you thinking of staying up here then?” he asks, regarding the previous joke. You shrug. “Well, I think I'm inclined to stay here. Julie stole Happy the Snowman from me twenty years ago, she won't steal good weed from me too." Reeves laughs again, and you yearn to watch him do that all night. You try to come off as nonchalant as he passes you the now-burning joint, and you take a hit. You've smoked up before, at a few birthday parties and camping trips, but this... this was strong. "Shit," you cough, clutching your chest, "Where'd you get this?" "A Hollywood backlot, yesterday," he grins. "Ooh, Mr. Big Deal," you tease, feeling your nerves and stomach butterflies slowly dissipate temporarily with the onset of the high. "I'm surprised I even made it to this reunion, I'm so overbooked," he sighs dramatically, "I've got lunches with Justin Timberlake here, shows with Jimmy Fallon there... I missed a chat with JLo tonight, you know," he says in a low voice, taking a hit. You snort. "Oh yeah?" He starts to bust out laughing. "Yeah." He gets in a little bit closer, inching his hand closer to yours as his expression sobers up a little, "Honestly… all I'm missing tonight is another boring, lonely night in my apartment listening to my old songs and moaning into the void of my dark, empty bedroom." You lick your dry lips. "Damn... you are a poet." He draws back and laughs again, but you can't help but feel the heat rise again. He's just as charming as he was ten years ago. "Here," he passes the joint back over, and you accept, staring up at the sky. “I hear the guys are going to Pretzels,” you say conversationally. Reeves’ body is in your personal space, and you can’t decide how to feel about it. “They are?” he mutters, though his tone does nothing to hint he’s the least bit interested. You nod, and just as he’s about to lean in for a kiss, you bring the joint up to your lips, inhaling. He moves back, and runs a hand through his hair. “Are you going?” he asks. “Yeah,” you nod, “Should be fun. This place is closing soon, anyway.” “Want a ride?” You shake your head. “I’ve got to, um… cab with Elise.” Elise wasn’t going to Pretzels, but the idea of sharing a ride with Reeves and not jumping his bones was incomprehensible, and you were too shy about that right now to even consider it. He nods, and takes one last drag on the joint. “I’ll see you there.” “Yeah.” What just happened? You think to yourself as you jog back down the stairs. Reeves watches you, and just as he’s about to follow you, he hears someone squeal his name. “Oh my god, I totally remember you from that class where we totally talked and totally worked together on that project thing!” a girl shrieks, grinning at him. Reeves looks her over apprehensively. “Ah. Um… I’m really sorry, I’m bad with faces. What was your name again?” “Chelsea!” “Right,” Reeves smiles, though he still has no idea who he’s talking to. “Can I get a picture?” she beams. -0-0-0- At Pretzels, you find yourself waiting in an empty booth for Reeves, but after a few minutes, you wonder why. This was stupid... he probably already went home with one of those hot girls who was fawning over him and all his talents... you had nothing on those girls. Alas, the night continues to surprise, and those insecurities are cast aside when you see him walk back into the room, brown leather jacket noticeable as he finds you and walks over. "To be honest," he smiles as he slides in next to you, "I didn't think you'd come." "Why?" you grin back. "Because I’m here. You just seem to be really flighty around me." You look down, and he tilts your chin up- way more physical contact than you were prepared for for the entire night, basically. "Why'd you leave that night?" You blush. "You still remember that night?" "How could I forget? You left me with a serious case of blue balls." He grins that shit-eating grin again, then that shy expression returns. "And, I don't know... I kinda spent the rest of the… week, wondering what I did wrong." "It wasn't you," you quickly say, though you weren't even sure of that fact yourself. You didn't really remember what sort of mindset you were in... "I was just scared, I guess." "Of what? Someone treating you right?" "How was I supposed to know that you were going to treat me right through a kiss?" you sigh, and he brushes your hair behind your ear. " I knew." You look away to the stage, where Cully is doing horrible karaoke. "Wanna try again?" You look his way, wondering if this was it, this was the moment... then- "REEVES! Reeves, buddy! They've got your song! They're got your-!" Cully burps, "Your song up here, dude! Hey, who’s the chick- OH MY GOD, (y/n)?!!! OH MY- *hic* you got hot! Buhht my wife is hotter… of course… love you baby…" “Okay,” Sam smirks, helping her drunk husband off of the stage and shooting off a friendly little wave your way. Reeves groans as his song is selected, and you laugh. "Is this the one? The hit?" "I... I'd assume so,” he mumbles. "Oh my god. I have to hear it now- after all the hype." "I was afraid of that," he chuckles, then shakes his head. "Yeah… I'd better go do it before people think I lip sync." You watch him slide out and send a wink your way as he goes up to the stage. He eventually decides on picking up an actual guitar rather than using the instrumental track, and the song begins. The first verse is wistfully beautiful; you catch the drift that it's about someone he really cared about a long time ago, that he wished he had taken a chance with. You wonder what her name was... " Through the good times and the bad, you were the best I never had, " he sings, brown eyes scanning the audience, “ The only chance I wish I had to take… there was no writing on the wall, no warning signs to follow, I know now, and I just can’t forget… you’re the best I never had.” You find yourself swaying with the melody, closing your eyes and losing yourself in it. Reeves was actually a really good singer! The next verse starts similarly, and he taps his foot on the stool bars. “ In this motel… way past midnight, when nothing feels better… you come drifting in, in that sexy pink sweater…” Realization washes over you, and you feel your hand cover your mouth as he continues, looking right at you. Obviously, he had thought about that night longer than a week… “ And I hope this song finds you… wherever you may be ,” he concludes the verse, sweeping into the beautiful chorus, and people start singing along as you sit in shock. I mean… you knew he liked you, but… he wrote a song about you? His hit, popular song… was about you? He comes to join you again as applause follows him. “So… like it?” he asks with a half-smile, and you nod slowly. “It’s… it’s amazing,” you breathe, then shake your head. “You never said anything to me after our… thingie.” “You were avoiding me.” “I was scared, okay?” you mutter, taking a sip of your drink, “Nobody had ever looked at me the way you did that night, and I was never prepared for someone I liked forever to like me back. I just,” you mumble, “Didn’t see how I was worth it.” Reeves strokes over your knuckles. “Well… you’ve got a song written about you now. Is that convincing enough?” You turn to him, and he looks back at you, a silent conversation taking place between your eyes. In seconds, you two are running outside, your mouth open in a laugh at how freeing this feels- abandoning all and just having fun, like you would as a teenager. “You’re sure about this?” he asks, stopping outside his jeep. “I’ve had twenty years to think about it,” you scoff, and he grins, opening the door. You both slot into the thankfully wide backseat, and your hands are on him, inhibitions gone. “Condoms?” he asks with a grimace, and you kiss the corner of his mouth. “Pill.” “Oh, thank god,” he mutters, “I know a lot of our friends are married with kids now, but I’d like to take you out to dinner at least before I’ve got someone calling me daddy.” You smile down at him, unbuckling his belt. “Who says I won’t be calling you daddy?” He shudders, and wraps his hands around your back, pulling your shirt off. He then unhooks your bra, and takes in the sight of your naked body, pupils dilating. “Can I?” he asks timidly, and you nod. He reaches out, and touches your breasts, moaning at the feel of them. You can feel him get harder underneath you as you straddle his lap, and you can’t wait any longer. “If I don’t take your pants off right now,” you say, biting at the hem of his shirt as you go down, “I’m going to die. Literally drown in an ocean of my own arousal.” “Now who’s the poet?” he chuckles, smile lines crinkling adorably around his eyes. You unzip him, and he takes his pants down the rest of the way. You unzip your jeans, and he helps you crawl out of the tight denim in the cramped space between you two. Soon, he reaches up and brings you down against him, kissing you. “Hey,” he murmurs, “Relax. I’m gonna treat you right.” You blush, and let him take over, rolling underneath him. His thrusts are slow and deep, making your toes curl and mouth fall open. He’s talented at this, that’s for sure… It’s not long before you’re begging in soft chants of his name, your legs slipping up his back as he keeps up the consistent pace. As you both get closer, his thrusts become a little faster, and that’s how you know he’s close. You go down to touch yourself as well, but he bats your hand away, moving his own down to rub you perfectly as he fucks you. “ Ohhh god ,” you moan, your body positively igniting under his touch, and he smiles triumphantly, going faster, harder, a little deeper, and soon, you both declare your climax, you biting into his shoulder and Reeves choking out a broken cry as he comes inside of you. “That was fucking hot,” you exhale breathlessly. He looks over to you, where you’re lying beside him as he traces a pattern on your stomach. “Good for you?” “Yes,” you nod, meaning it. After a second of staring at the car ceiling, lit only by the dim sign of Pretzels, you speak again. “This isn’t about the song,” you giggle. “Oh?” he laughs. “I was always horny for you,” you retort, “The song was just… icing on the top.” “Icing on the top,” he snorts, “That’s a good name for a new song-“ he clears his throat, playing an air guitar, “ I was always horny for you, baby… that song was just-“ You playfully smack him in the chest, and you both double over in a fit of laughter. Cuddling into Reeves’ steadily rising chest after years of dreaming of a night like this, you can’t bring yourself to regret attending tonight’s ten year high school reunion- not only did you get the open bar, good food, and good company… you had the chance to finish what you wish you had started years ago with someone who knew you were worth it. Chapter 9 : In Secret: Laurent/Female Reader Summary: You're hardly as innocent as you play yourself to be in the eyes of others... that is, until the alluring Laurent LeClaire helps you from an attacker on a Paris backstreet one day, beginning a sexually liberating secret affair that you must hide from your ill, strict mother. Notes: Warning: very brief/mild attempted rape in this one. (Not by Laurent) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Life is empty for you. Empty not only because you're lonely, but empty because there's simply nothing to fill the days. Nothing to do but sit and while away the early years of your life, when you should be out, enjoying it while you can. Yes , it was "proper" for a young woman of your age to stay at home, and help her mother with the homestead. Her job to accept the first man who proposes to her, or the first man arranged , anyway . But none of that particularly has happened yet. You've been living under the shade of false innocence, ever since you had let that milkman deflower you in the alleyway two years ago; however fleetingly the encounter had presented itself, he had been a terrible lover. Nobody knew but you of that coupling; if your mother found out, she would faint. Luckily, pregnancy hadn't been a scare, since that would have taken a lot of explaining, even with your mother ill as she was now. Today, you’re out for a walk to pick up some medicine, and also some flowers for her- it brightens her bedroom, and makes her feel better. Not that you really care, anyway… you’ve felt a fleeting sense of excitement ever since she fell ill, the prospect of freedom close enough to taste. Not that you wished your mother dead, of course. Not at all... “Good day, mademoiselle!” an older gentleman, Olivier, calls your way with a tip of his hat, and you smile back timidly, keeping up your shy public persona. Olivier and Grivet were out for a walk, two family friends you knew by virtue of your mother's friend Madame Raquin- the two women had attended the same prep school back in their day. “Sir,” you say back with a polite nod, and pass him. The day is young, and it’s sunny out- the perfect recipe for, perhaps, an encounter with a handsome man. The thought makes you blush and laugh into your hand; the only touch you’ve felt has been your own as of late, and the idea of a man’s hands roaming your body gets you more than a little wet beneath your skirts. You soon begin to walk into the sleazier, grimier part of London, your heart beating a little faster. Unfortunately, since you and your mother hadn't much money, the doctor you bought the medicine from was less than reputable, but it did the job. “Good day, ma’am,” became “What a lovely little thing you are,” and respectful nods became hungry ogles. You were far from phased, mind, since you’d been out here before, but the sun always seemed to curl in on itself over these alleyways. The exchange with the doctor is quick and seamless, you hurrying off to have enough time to indulge in… personal pleasures at home, if nowhere else. As you walk briskly along, you suddenly feel a clammy hand on your arm. "Heyo, darling," you hear someone say, and they sound drunk. "Excuse me, I'm late for a-" you begin to say, but the man who has you in his clutches just laughs. "Aw, don't you have some time to play ?" He then yanks you into his chest, and you let out a cry, pounding against his back. Nobody seems to pay you any attention; you curse the neighborhood, and you curse your mother for needing this god forsaken medicine. "Let go of me," you plead as he runs a hand up your skirts, but he just grins, revealing a few missing teeth. Well... you got your wish , you think desperately, perhaps this is way of punishment you for your sinful thoughts and actions. Just as the man gets dangerously close to reaching underneath your shift, you hear heavy footsteps approach, and open your eyes to see a man grabbing hold of your attacker's collar; all worry of punishment escapes you. "I hope for your sake you're deaf," he snarls in the drunkard's ear, with an accent far too refined for this part of town, "and that is the reason why you continue against her wishes." The drunk man takes a swing, and your savior punches him in the ribs. "Do you still want her?" he growls, and the guy backs off, coughing as he hobbles away. Your eyes are wide as you watch him leave, and you fix your skirts hurriedly. The man comes over to you. "Are you alright, miss?" You swallow, and cross your arms. "I... I'm fine. I was fine, I could handle myself." "I'm sure you could," he smirks, "But I just so happened to be around to... lend a hand , perhaps." The way he says that while staring at your lips is making you ravenous to taste his, but you must keep yourself in check. "What's a gentleman like you doing on this side of town?" you ask, smoothing your bodice down and turning your head away. "Taking a walk," he muses, stroking his chin. "Hm?" you smile, "Why not take a walk by the water? Why here?" "The water isn't that interesting," he smiles back, drawing closer with a dark, furrowed brow. You bite your lip, and decide to play coy. "What do you find interesting?" He looks as if he wants to touch you, but refrains. "Art." "That's all?" "Isn't that enough?" "Artists create beauty on a canvas... that's always enough." He looks you over, leaning in so close to your ear that you can feel his hot breath against your skin. "Are you a virgin?" You grin, whispering back in his ear wickedly, "Goodness, no. Did you save me just to claim me for yourself?" His eyes darken a little at that, and he licks over his lips. "If I did, would you have me?" You downcast your eyes, trying to conceal your amusement, and, above all, interest. "I'm not sure yet." "Where do you live?" "I only just met you!" you scoff, touching a hand to your chest in a tease. "It feels like one hundred days I've known you," he rasps. "I'm sure you've used that before," you murmur, trailing a hand down his chest. "I can't recall," he says against your cheek, planting a kiss to the spot just under your ear, and ohh, you just met him and he already found your weak spot... You resist him. "Stop that, good sir . We are in public, have you no sense of decency?!" "Yes, the sort of public that beholds brothel whores defiling men in alleyways. Don't dare touch the bricks in these walls, you've got no idea where they've been." You laugh softly. "You're too much." He laughs with you. "Too much to invite to bed?" You shake your head. "I must say, I'm intrigued by your, eh... lewd, above all- tenacious, charm. Tell me, then, if you're so eager-" you look around furtively, hushing your voice, "What would you do to me if you caught me undressed?" "I would put my tongue inside you until you were writhing beneath me, begging for me not to stop, never to stop. When you simply cannot stand it anymore, I shall take pity on you and give you what you need..." "And what is it that I need?" "A man's hard cock filling you..." he whispers, and your lips part as a heated breath escapes them. It was dangerous to talk like this in public... yet you loved it. "Strong arms," he continues, touching his hands to your shoulders from behind, "wrapped around you, showing you a side of pleasure you never knew existed ." He growls the last word, and you gasp, bringing your fingers up to cover your mouth. Your pussy is clenching with want, the uncomfortable swell of arousal in your lower stomach. If you don't leave with this man right away, you- or your body- may never forgive yourself. "Right then," you say, swallowing thickly and fanning yourself lightly, "Shall we?" He smiles, and takes your arm, following you back the way you came until you eventually reach your home. "Who do you live with?" he asks, and you make a motion for him to lower his voice significantly. "My bedridden mother," you hiss. "What a kind young woman you are," he prides with a smirk, and you roll your eyes, "I do hope she's sleeping." "I wouldn't be surprised. Oh, what I wouldn't give to toss this medicine out the window and let old maid-" "(Y/N)!" you hear loudly, and cover your mouth in shock, rushing Laurent upstairs to the first bedroom. "Stay here," you whisper frantically, and duck your head out. "Yes, mama?!" "Did you get the-" she hacks out a cough, "The medicine?!" " Yes , mama!" "You were supposed to be home an hour ago, you wretched girl," she mutters, and you huff, trying to keep your tone light. "Forgive me, mama." "You didn't talk to any men, did you? They're pigs, (y/n)! They want my pretty girl for two things- housework and sexual deviance! Men want the most wicked of things... it is not the Lord's way to dabble in such sinful things." "No, I didn't talk to anyone but the doctor." "Good," she retorts, then goes back to a coughing fit. You huff again, going back into the room. "So... you hate her?" Laurent asks with a tinge of a playful smile. "Mildly." You climb onto the bed where he's already removing his shoes, straddling his lap. The wool of his trousers scratch your bare thighs under your skirts. "Why're you smiling?" you grin back, "Because of you," he replies, and a flush runs over your body. "I don't want you for sexual deviance and housework," he teases, and you laugh quietly, so as not to reveal another's presence. "I must say, I can't bring myself to care... but I'm not quite sure I believe you." "Does this convince you?" he hums, and turns you over, attaching his lips to your collarbone and mouthing wet kisses down to the middle of your breasts, whispering against your soft skin, "I want to fall asleep in your arms." A shudder runs through you, and you bunch up your skirts, inviting him in. He eagerly accepts, untying your undergarments and discarding the pants to the end of bed, settling his face between your legs. You wonder what this will feel like; you'd never done it like this before, but the thought excited you. His mutton chops nuzzle at the insides of your thighs, the sensitive skin there quivering upon impact of the coarse facial hair. He chuckles deeply, then parts your legs a little more, delving between them to kiss around your soaking pussy. "Tell me where to touch you," he breathes, his voice drifting over you in your high state, and you moan, canting your hips up. With one fluent movement, he presses his lips to your sweet spot, sucking on it and eliciting a loud cry from your mouth. You both stop, falling deadly silent as you wait with baited breath to see if your mother heard the noise. A beat goes by, and Laurent returns his mouth to your core... then- "(Y/N)!" This time, Laurent doesn't stop. He continues to suck you, venturing so far as to dip his tongue between your folds, and you jolt against him. "Y-yes mama- ahh ?!" "What's wrong?!" you hear her shrill voice piercing the heavy aura of sexual tension around the both of you. "No- ohh -othing, moth-" your breath hitches as Laurent quickens his pace, "Mother! I'm... just-" Laurent's tongue grazes a spot you had never discovered before- "Oh, god!" You pause, grimacing. "I'm... praying! Just... talking on to, eh... God." "You sound strange," she calls, "Should I come up and check?" " No ! No, you... you can't get out of bed, mama... you shouldn't climb the stairs either, you'll fall..." Laurent looks up at this curiously. "Stay in bed!" you conclude, trying not to moan between words, but it's becoming increasingly more difficult with every wet stroke. "Hmm... very well. Keep your rambling down, I'm trying to sleep!" You bite your lip to keep your noises silent, which is exceedingly hard with Laurent making these pleased little sounds as he licks you out. "Oh my god," you breathe, staring at the ceiling, "This is bloody amazing." You can see that Laurent is straining in his pants, but he continues on, experienced motions sending you into waves of heat as your entire body tightens in preparation. Just when you're about to reach your peak, he removes his tongue, licking his lips with a smug grin. "Why did you stop?" you moan, and he starts to unbuckle his trousers, the metal clinking. "Because I'm going to make good on my promise from earlier; I'm going to make you come for real ." You could have come right then and there from his tone of voice alone, possibly even the dark, predatory gaze he sends you, but he's resting his body between your legs, face hovering over as he enters you. "Christ," he whispers, brows lifting in a burdened expression, and he snaps his hips deeper into you by natural reflex. "OH!" you shout, "Yes, yes! I need all of you, Laur-" Laurent quickly kisses you to keep your quiet. "What are you doing?!" he hisses, "Your mother, she'll hear us!" "Let her hear," you groan, head thrashing carelessly and nails digging into the mattress, "Let the whole town hear how good of a lover you are, how good you're doing!" He smirks, and takes your wrists, holding them above your head in a strong pin against the headboards. You resist, but it only makes him tighten his grip- the pain feels so good. He builds up a pace, drawing out and thrusting back in. The bed creaks in slow, rocking movements as he continues to penetrate you, making you mewl into his shoulder for more. "Please..." you whisper, "I need to..." " Shhh ," he whispers back into your hair, "I know." He moves faster, and the build of your climax returns, sparking the growing pleasure. "My god, I want to leave this place," you moan as he fucks you ravenously, "I can't take care of her anymore. I can't listen to her... I feel like a caged animal, pawing at the bars... be the key. I know you're the key... set me free, Laurent!" You sob out your release, and he wraps his arms around you when he comes as well, choking into your shoulder a few times as he fills you. The only sound in the room is the heavy breathing of the two of you, faces and bodies pressed together in a sweaty muddle. -0-0-0- A month or so later, you lie in bed with your secret lover, the same sound of your mingling breath as present as the very day you made his acquaintance. "I was wrong about you," you mutter quietly, gazing into Laurent's eyes. He props himself up on his elbow, revealing his tan, naked chest that you've come to memorize. "How so?" "I shouldn't have doubted your devotion for a second." He hums. "No; But you mustn't be naive... it's men like me your dear mother warns you about." "I know," you reply softly. "Then why do you feel for me?" You scrunch up your nose, thinking about this. "You make me feel alive." He looks at you for a long time, and frowns. "What did you mean the first time I bedded you... do you remember what you said? You wanted me to... be the key? To set you free?" You turn to the window, and sigh. "My mother has taken everything from me; you know that. I just... can't stand it when you leave me here, not being able to feel you, touch you... I feel I may die if I can't be with you." Laurent gets up off of the bed, doing his pants back up in the candlelight of the late evening. After a second of contemplation, he draws in a breath. "Have you ever thought of how unfortunate it would be if your mother were to suffer from a sudden and unnaturally horrible... accident?" You blink. "Unfortunate isn't quite the word I would implement, but yes, I suppose." "Do you ever think of how this accident might happen?" You still stare at him blankly, so he sits down next to you, cupping your face gently. "What if your mother went away , (y/n)?" "Where?" The look in his eyes say it all... and you feel yourself begin to panic. While you wonder sometimes what it would be like without her, committing something like this...? "Are you mine?" he asks, snapping your diverting attention back. "Yes," you answer earnestly. "And I am yours, body and soul," he replies with a shrug, "What have we possibly to fear?" Your breathing calms momentarily. You imagine the bubbles in the bathtub would look like as you hold her under, or possibly the drops of her blood on the wood of the floors after you cut her throat. You feel the bile rising in your stomach as you picture her lifeless body floating, slipping... "Let me," he offers, as if reading into your emotions, "Bring her up the stairs, and I will be waiting to witness the fateful slip of her foot, and to cry out what a horrid sight it is as she struggles asleep. It will work, my love... and what an accident it will be." He smiles a cruel smile, and your mouth curls up as well. "It's her life or yours, (y/n). I love you." You take his outstretched hand. Nothing would keep you and Laurent apart, now. Nothing . Notes: A different Laurent/Male Reader is available upon request- a part two can also be done if wanted :) Chapter 10 : X Men: Apocalypse: Apocalypse/Reader Part Two Summary: Part Two of chapter seven :) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Did you see her?" Jean's voice is as shaky as her hands. The rest of the mutants- or the ones who had survived this fight- are gathered in a somber meeting at the school. Nobody speaks as Charles turns his head slowly. "Yes." He's trying to contain his grief, but everyone can see it. Charles was a close mentor to you, just as he was to Mystique, who is also trying not to break down. "(y/n)..." Jean starts, "She killed one of our own!" "(y/n) killed many more than one," Charles scoffs, turning his chair around to face the group, "So much bloodshed." "It was horrible," Henry whispers. "I know," Raven mutters, "We saw it all. We're lucky she didn't get to us." Jean shakes her head, holding it in her hands. "I thought she was gone! I saw him take her... I saw him choke her to the ground, and I thought we had lost her." "We have lost her," Charles says gravely, "To him . I don't know what he has done to her... it takes a great power to blind someone like (y/n)." He looks up to the ceiling. "He means to destroy this world; billions of people killed. Something is coming... I can feel it." -0-0-0- It's quiet where he took you. Observing the world from a temple is hard not only because it was a seemingly impossible task, but also hard in knowing that the only way to build a better one was to watch this one burn. Warren and Ororo had joined En Sabah prior to the last fight, as obviously did Eric; you had heard the chatter of it around the school, that they were now followers of the opposition. Of course, that was back when you knew who the opposition was... and his divine mission. You gaze down at the wormhole portal you created, every city visible. In those cities, people lived in blissful ignorance of what was to come- in ignorance of the fact that they were mere days away from an apocalypse that would wipe life off of this planet spare for yours and his followers'. Your hair falls around your face in a protective shield as you watch your thing wisps of power spiral between your fingertips, contemplating all of this. Would your brother approve of your path? Would he join you, or would you have been forced to watch him die anyway? What were your friends thinking? You frown. They're not your friends. Them and all these people are who spoiled this world, who brought the bloodshed and carnage upon themselves. Even so... why did you have such a sinking feeling in your stomach about this? "Why do you doubt your faith in me?" you hear behind you, and you jolt slightly. A breath escapes your lips. "I don't, my lord." You can feel En Sabah's heated gaze on your back, and you wonder; if you turn around, would be able to tell you're lying? "Do you feel for the lives of those who cannot fight back?" he asks softly, his gentle tone odd for the deep, rasping voice he's implementing. You bite your lip, looking back down to the portal. "Maybe it's just my humanity talking, but... yes. A little." "Your humanity ," he hums, brushing his hand against your cheek from behind. Your skin burns with a pleasant singe from where he touched you. " Shed your humanity. It weakens you... you are everything but weak. You are everything but human ." You look down, a question itching at the back of your mind. He approaches you. "What is it you wish to know?" he asks, as if reading your mind. He probably has been reading your mind already, and you have to remember he probably knows the answer to anything you seek- he's an archaic library of ancient knowledge. "My brother..." you begin with a swallow, "he was a mutant, but... was he like me? A... god?" You honestly don't know which answer would have saddened you more. If he was to say no, then you would angrily question why he wasn't. If he was to say yes, well... the lost potential would break your heart. En Sabah pauses for a long while, then answers. "No." You turn to look into his eyes, and he touches your chin. Before your eyes and a flash of gold, he assumes his human form. "Do not mourn for your brother. He was weak. You were stronger than him, and you will make this world what it was meant to be." The words prick you, but you realize he must be right; after all, he is wiser than you'll ever be. The deity rests his forehead against yours. "You are my praasat . My princess, until the end of time, (y/n). I only wish you would trust me in my assurance that as long as you do my work- and believe in My Vision- I will take you with me to share in eternal life." You search his deep brown eyes, staring into your mind and soul. This all seems so surreal... that you would be at the helm of such a groundbreaking turning point in humanity's existence alongside the most powerful being in the universe- but the power that he showed you before far surpassed any doubt you did have. Reassured once more, you smile, nodding. "I know." He smiles as well, and tilts his head to the side, holding your chin in position for a kiss. Your lips are mere inches apart from his, and you close your eyes, feeling his breath mingling with yours as you long to touch your lips to his in that same hypnotic kiss he gave you the other day. You wonder what it would be like to make love to a god... would he be rough? Would he take his time, worshipping you as so many worship him...? You hope he's reading your mind right now. Evidently he is- in his human form, he isn't above material arousal, apparently. He's so big ... you think, feeling the gradual formation of his thick erection. You feel yourself getting wetter at the prospect of his huge cock in you as he moans softly, lips still hovering, not quite touching. You think harder of your fantasy... you picture his beautiful, flawless body overtop of yours, taking you, showing you more than just power. You smile, knowing he can see it too. Just as he's about to finally connect your lips, he stalls, taking in a breath. "Not yet," he whispers, lips grazing yours, "In time, I will touch you as a priceless jewel is to be touched, no less. Until then- we only have carnal desire to withstand." You almost sob as he pulls away. The tension dissipates like the wisps between your fingers, and you watch him walk away, sitting down by the portal. It will all be worth it in the end. The apocalypse is coming in a few days time, and once he has inherited the earth, you'll have plenty of time to rule alongside him. That was part of the Vision, wasn't it? Behind every god, there must be a goddess counterpart... and apparently, you're his. Notes: There will be one last part coming soon xx Chapter 11 : Inside Llewyn Davis: Llewyn Davis/Female Reader Part Two Summary: Part Two to chapter 1 :) It's a last minute decision to drop into the Gaslight this late, but you really have nothing else to do. Things hadn't been turning out quite the way you would have liked lately... you ended up screwing things up with boyfriend number three after deciding you were too much of a free spirit to be tied down with, well... you hated yourself for even thinking it, but- a boring good guy. It wasn't that you were against good guys- you loved someone who knew how to treat a woman. But... there was just something so boringly safe about the last guy. Nothing spontaneous, everything carefully planned, and oh, yeah- he was an accountant. Again, nothing against accountants! Just, someone like you and someone who studied calculus aren't the best match, aspirations-wise. You sit down at the bar, and Pappy greets you with a beaming grin. "Here to see Llewyn, huh (y/n)?" he asks with a wink, and you frown. "Huh?" "Well, he's playing tonight. That's why you're here, right?" You blink, having had no idea that he was even here tonight. You just enjoyed the atmosphere... it didn't hurt that Llewyn was performing, though. Suddenly, the strum of guitar chords catches your and many other's attention, lulling the chatter to a minimum as general attention is directed toward the small, singularly lit stage- you'd know those notes anywhere. " Hang me, oh hang me, " the husky rasp of Llewyn's voice serenades the audience, " I'll be dead and gone... hang me, oh hang me... I'll be dead and gone..." You remember this song. He had played this song for you late one night when both of you were exhausted and half asleep... you were the one who approved it, saying it should go on his record. You bite your lip, staring at him through the spotlight, light diluted with the blue smoke of the cigarette that's dangling precariously from his lips. It had been about a month since your last encounter with him- an encounter that wasn't even supposed to occur. But, he had been cold and tired, so it's not like you would've turned him away when you had a perfectly warm, comfortable couch. Well, the comfortable part was debatable, but... Llewyn kept coming back, so it must be somewhat bearable. As much as you enjoy seeing him, you had tried to bury this relationship ages ago. Of course, that didn't work- it wasn't even a relationship to begin with, so how could you end it? It was just... you still, even after months of (totally not) thinking about what you two were, couldn't put your finger on a definitive. And it didn't stop there- it wasn't even only in an analytical sense you thought of Llewyn. You hesitate to admit that you had thought of him in bed with other partners; it was a miracle you didn't end up moaning Llewyn's name at least once during a heat of the moment slip up. But as much as you wished you could forget, you can't deny that whenever you wake up in the morning next to a man, your heart falls a little when you remember that it's not Llewyn's arms you're wrapped in, however strange or unorthodox the "relationship" is. His voice drifts over you, pulling you back into the moment as you listen. " I've been all around Cape Girardeau... parts of Arkinsaw... all around Cape Girardeau, parts of Arkinsaw..." His face twists beautifully to encapsulate the emotion of the song. " Got so goddamn hungry, I could hide behind a straw, poor boy, I've been... all around this world." You sigh wistfully, and listen to the rest of the song, never wanting it to end. When it does, he opens his eyes on stage, and gets up as people clap. Leaving his guitar by the wall, he lumbers down to the tables, then over to the bar, where you are- he doesn't even see you at first. "Hi," you say reluctantly, and he looks up from the drink Pappy passes him. "(y/n)," he says softly, and turns his body to face you, "You were- I didn't even see you from the stage." "You had your eyes closed the entire time," you say, falling out of your attempt at a cold approach and into teasing him about the way he sings. He looks down, his long eyelashes fluttering as he chuckles. "I can't help it. You know me, I really like that song." "So do I," you smile, and he looks up again. "Yeah, I know. You made me play it three times in a row that night." " No ... three times? Did I really do that?" "Don't you remember? We were both sort of tipsy..?" You stifle a laugh. You actually hadn't remembered that part. "Well, I think you should play another song," you grin, blushing. "I think I should have a drink," Llewyn mutters, taking one last drag of his cigarette and stubbing it out, taking a sip of his whiskey. "Make that two," you tell Pappy, and Llewyn looks up with something that could only be described as bashful shame. "Uh, I- I'm, um, running on a system here... sing for drinks, or somethin'. I can't pay for-" "It's fine. I've got them," you shake your head, and he opens his mouth in protest, to which you seal it with a finger to hush him. "Shut up, Llewyn. I said I've got it." He raises an eyebrow. "You're feeling nice tonight." "That's because I'm lonely tonight." "Yeah. I'm lonely every night." "What else is new?" You two stare at each other, and after a tense gaze is held for a few seconds, he breaks it, looking down into his transparent glass. "So, you seeing someone? Sleeping with someone?" You shake your head. "Not anymore. You?" Llewyn squints, exhaling through his nose. "There was a... singer. Her name's Jean. You seen her around here before?" A memory catches in your mind. "Oh, the one with the straight auburn hair and the big breasts? The... married one?" Llewyn looks a little sheepish, then rubs down his face with both hands. "That's her." You roll your eyes. "Can't keep it in your pants, can you, Llewyn?" "Oh, really? You're actually saying that to me, after fucking around with... I don't know how many guys in the last, what, four months since I've even seen you?! I was in Chicago, hitching a ride from a strung out beat poet who only said two words to me- one of them was fuck, for the record- and the biggest old asshole I've ever met, on my way to actually earning a living, and you were here... screwing people!" "Good point," you smile after his extensive monologue, sipping from your own whiskey. "How do I know you weren't thinking of one of them while we fucked?" he mumbled noncommittally, and you sigh. "Believe me, that couldn't be further from the truth." Llewyn blinks, then suddenly shakes his head. "God... god, (y/n), I'm sorry. That was so uncalled for, who you fu- who you sleep with doesn't have anything to do with me, and it's none of my business." "Well it should be, I thought of you with every single one of them." There's a thick silence, then the folk singer turns his head slightly. "Okay." You inhale, and he swishes his glass around, asking a question that throws you completely off guard. "Are we in love?" You wait a beat. "I don't think so." "Okay. Do we want to have sex?" "Usually." "Tonight?" You look at him. "Are you asking if you want to have sex with me right now?" "Well, I've been couch hopping for a month with nowhere to lay my head or, uh... take care of myself, so yeah, that's sort of what I'm asking." "I... I'd say... maybe." He lets out a little grumble, wiping over his face, and you laugh a little, deriving pleasure out of ruffling his feathers a little. He fixes you with a deadpan stare. "(y/n), would you like to spend the night together?" You think back to the last time you spent the night with Llewyn- it had been a conflict of inner turmoil, but ultimately, you had both been desperate for it and had only truly regretted it when he had left. You brush your hair behind your ear, scooch forward, and kiss him lightly on his dry, chapped lips. "Yes." He nods once, and you leave the money on the bar, the two of you making a hasty exit. "You thought of me?" he asks as you walk, and you hit him on the arm. "Shut up , it's not my fault you're really good at... you know..." "Making you come?" he finishes in a low voice, and you look around in intense embarrassment, praying nobody heard him. " Yes , shhh." "There's nobody around, it's too late," he murmurs. You look at him, the very love you proclaimed not to have evident in your eyes, and he holds out his hand. You take it, feeling the soft material of the fingerless glove he's wearing on that one. "You need some real gloves," you mutter absently, thumb stroking over a threadbare hole in the palm, and he scowls. "No, I don't. I can't play guitar with real gloves on." You smile, and the fact that you're holding hands with him right now is sending your stomach fluttering. Maybe it's the two drinks in you talking, but holy shit is Llewyn goddamn beautiful in the light of the streetlamps, and it feels even better knowing you're going to get to make him feel good... this man deserves something a little more than things imperative everyday survival. Suddenly, you hear footsteps behind you, and you huddle closer into Llewyn. He puts an arm around you as you two walk briskly through the cool air to get back to your place for the night, but the footsteps follow. Just as you're about to turn on your street, you feel a hand on your shoulder. It's some guy you faintly remember from the Gaslight. "Why're you with this beatnik?" he slurs. You frown, and try to keep walking, but this guy takes your other hand, keeping you from going any further. "I said, why are you with him , when you could have someone like me ?" You jerk your wrist away. "Leave me alone." Llewyn watches the guy wearily- he's obviously drunk, stumbling and way overstepping his boundaries. Hoping this guy lays off and leaves you two alone, he waits, but the guy continues to badger you. "Bet this dumbass can't get it up as fast as I can." "Hey, get lost," Llewyn says, a protective bite in his voice, and the guy shoves Llewyn from behind. You let out a cry, covering your mouth, and Llewyn whips around, grabbing him by the collar with both hands. You're surprised by the singer's strength; you'd only ever seen Llewyn lift a guitar, with brittle force at that. "Get lost, or you'll never be able to get it up again," he growls, and the guy's eyes widen in fear- he was obviously as oblivious as you were to Llewyn's display of muscle, judging by his lanky appearance. Putting his hands up slowly, he wipes his nose, and goes stumbling off in a different direction. You run over to Llewyn to see if he's okay, and he nods, taking your arm again as you two get back to your place- it's not spoken of again, and for another few minutes, you celebrate whatever fate gave you two tonight. Outside your door, you pause, turning around. "You remember that time the neighbors complained that we were so loud their cat kept howling in the middle of the night?" you giggle, back leaning against the door. " We ?" he asks, shaking his head, "No, that was you." "Oh really?" "Yeah- do I look like someone who's loud in bed?" You regard his blinking, monotone face, and laugh out loud into his shoulder. He lifts your face up, and the smile suddenly disappears from your face as his brows furrow in that concentrated look he always gets when he doesn't want to screw something up. Then he pulls you in for a kiss, and there's passion behind it, but beyond that, there's a longing- a need for something deeper than just the sex. "Mmph," he mumbles into your mouth, and his hands caress your back through your sweater. You haven't even made it in the door yet, and you're already pressing the heel of your palm to his bulge, rubbing him to hardness. Switching your positions, he flips so that you're the one pressing him into the door, and you take advantage of this, unzipping his pants just enough to provide relief for his erection. "What if..." he mumbles, sucking in a sharp breath, "What if someone comes out of their...? Ohhh , Christ, I can't- " You shrug. "Maybe they will come out." He threads his fingers through your hair gently, moaning when the tips of your nails scratch the blunt head of his cock as you take it in your hands. He almost chokes when you drop to your knees, kitten licking around the tip, and full on groans out your name when you swallow him down. "Fuck... not here, please... I need to be inside of you," he chokes out in heated whispers, and you finally pull off, licking your lips and following him in the front door, which you had left unlocked. The fortunate part of Llewyn being so close to you was that he knew where he was going, so he led you two back toward your bedroom, blindly kicking doors open and closed along the way. His lips gradually soften as you kiss him, chapping smoothing out with every swipe of your tongue... every split in his lips makes you wince- you hate seeing him like this, but he's here now, and everything was alright. You open your legs to him, linking your ankles behind his back. He has far too many layers on, as do you, so you quickly shed his jacket, tossing it to the floor along with his shoes and socks. He then peels off his shirt, and you help him take his pants off. "How do you wanna do this?" he mumbles in your ear, rutting against your inner thigh, and you sigh into his neck, digging your fingernails into his back. "Like this, you on top. We'll go at your pace, baby." He shudders out a breath, and leans down to kiss you again, his beard scratching your chin in the most pleasant of ways. "Condom?" he mutters. You stare long and hard at him, then look down to his chest. "Don't need one." His eyebrows raise a little, but you just prevent any questioning by kissing him again, wrapping your arms around the back of his neck and drawing him closer. He makes a faint noise as he thrusts in, your tight heat welcoming him, taking him deeper as he pushes his hips forward. Knowing what you like and how you like it, he starts to rock his hips in, swallowing your sensual moans every time he hits that spot. "Move faster," you breathe, and he begins to pump in with a little more vigor, watching your face change into expressions far beyond description. "God, I love your dick," you whisper, "Llewyn... Llewyn, use me..." He whimpers, clutching you tighter to him as he fucks you, every thrust making the headboard smack against the wall. His thrusts start to increase in pace, and your breasts jiggle between you two with every movement. "Please... please," you beg, biting your lip hard. He groans low in his throat, and with a gasp, he announces that he's going to come soon. "So... so close," he mutters, "Where d'you want me to come? You want me to... ahh ... pull out?" You shake your head fervently, hooking him in deeper. "No- no, stay in me, Llewyn, stay... oh god..." Every moment you've spent with the folk singer comes racing through your head in a fluent series of breaths and memories, inspiring a mind-blowing orgasm fuelled by Llewyn's fast thrusting. Not long after, he comes with a stifled grunt, filling you from deep inside. You're reluctant to let him go, but he eventually has to roll off when he goes soft again, stretching out across from you to the side. With one last sigh of air, he runs a hand through his hair, and curls up, facing away from you two had wordlessly deemed "his side of the bed" months ago. You stare up at the ceiling, feeling oddly empty... like you still need him, like he's miles away. He almost reads your thoughts when his husky accent pierces through the calm of the dark, moonlit room. "You wanna snuggle?" You feel your face heat up, and there's that fluttering again. Covers rustle as he flips onto his side, looking over to gauge your reaction. Seeing your blissed out smile, he nods silently. "Okay." Then he shifts himself closer to you, your damp legs tangling up with each other. After a second, you decide you're too hot for sheets, so you kick off the top layer, only keeping the light blankets over whatever part of your body it chooses to cover. Just as you're about to drift off, Llewyn speaks again, wide awake. "Why do you have sex with me?" he asks softly, almost distantly. You look up at him blearily. "What?" "Jean... it was something Jean said to me, I don't know," he mutters shyly, and you sit up a little, sheets dipping and exposing your breasts. Llewyn stares at them for a moment, but doesn't say anything as he continues. "She said that everything I touch turns to shit. And she's right, I guess... I mean, she was pissed and had a right to say it, and I'm kinda numb to it all now anyway, but I still think about things like that." He sighs. "So... why do you want me? How could someone as beautiful, as... talented as you, love a guy like me? Some homeless folk singer who couldn't give you shit if he tried." You feel your heart ache a little at the hurt on his face, and realize that he's felt this way his entire life. He has low self esteem, but you didn't know to just what degree until now. "How fucking stupid are you?" He jerks his eyes away from the window. "Pardon?" "You've got to be a special kind of stupid to think I'd want anything from you other than just- you , Llewyn. Your body, your love- that's it . That's all I want from you. A day without you is a day I feel like my entire life is meaningless, and that's stupid in and of itself because that would mean that my entire existence was dedicated to you, but even though that's pathetic, I love you , Llewyn. I never wanted you to leave me." His eyes are a little teary when you check them again, and he wipes them. You lay back down, rubbing your hand up and down his pectoral muscles as you breathe in the distinct scent of his hair- a comfortably stale smoky aroma, and somebody else's shampoo. You never wanted another person to experience that scent... he was yours . "Please stay by my side," you add in a whisper, and he clutches your hand for dear life, worried that you would slip through if he let go. But you aren't going anywhere. Not when you have everything you've ever wanted holding you against them safely for at least this precious moment in time, before life catches up with you both. Chapter 12 : Two Faces Of January: Rydel/Female Reader Summary: On a vacation in Greece, you find yourself lost in the confusing streets of Athens, only to be shown the way by the alluring Rydel- in more ways than one. Notes: So Rydel is just fab and he's my bunny okay. But in this he's your bunny... not actually a bunny but a figurative one... this is getting confusing. Ps headcanon: Rydel is biiiiiiiiiii af but that doesn't really apply here anyway... yeah... enjoy :3 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You are never, ever visiting Greece again. Like, there are as many backstreets here as there as there are fast food joints in America, and you could get lost in them for hours. And you did. "Excuse me," you say, patting someone on the shoulder. He looks antisocial to say the least, and a little bitter that you interrupted his chess game. "Uh... English?" you ask, miming a speaking motion. The guy shakes his head, and you roll your eyes- of course you picked today to leave your translation dictionary at the hotel. You try to mime leaving, or an area with lots of people, but he just continues to stare blankly. You groan, and half-heartedly thank him anyway, walking down the backstreet. You lift your gaze to the sky. Maybe the sun could help guide you... wasn't that possible? Why didn't you hire a guide? And why did you let your friend stay at that cafe instead of dragging her out here with you? Oh, that's right. She had three Greek men flirting with her and fighting for her attention, so actually touring the scenery of the country you flew to visit with her friend isn't as important. Pfft. 'Course not. You take off your pumps, carrying them. Your feet ache like hell, and the sun is going to be down soon. You're in trouble- you're going to turn into one of those Greek fossils found in that museum you visited earlier, only to be discovered millennia later. You could argue that this is the adventure you were hoping to experience while out here, but those two gunshots you just heard off in the distance? Doesn't inspire much excitement in you. Letting out a huff and blowing an annoying piece of hair from your face, you look around wearily and keep walking. The sun begins to set, and all you're seeing are more alleys and confusing little living areas. There isn't even a bar out here! Was the beach that way? Maybe the museum was that way... more gunshots. Okay, the sun is setting, and you're officially fucked. "Me synchoreíte despoinís?" you suddenly hear, and you turn in surprise at hearing someone actually interacting with you. As you turn, you come face to face with a man so handsome it takes your breath away... deep, empathetic brown eyes under lifted eyebrows, strands of brown hair falling over his face. He's wearing khaki shorts and a beige Polo that does nothing to hide the prominent veins in his athletic forearms. "I... I'm not Greek," you stutter apologetically, biting your lip and hoping to the maker that this man, at least, can still understand you. "Good, me neither," he grins, and your eyes lit up. "Oh! Oh, thank god- I'm really lost." "I can see that," he says, his eyebrows lifting again in that compassionate way, and he holds out an arm. "Can I show you back into town?" You smile, blushing a little. "Yeah. Thank you so much." He smiles at you, cute smile Iines evident. "No worries at all. What's your name?" "(y/n)." He smiles. "That's a pretty name. I'm Rydel." He stares at you for a second, then starts leading you the right way with a warm hand to your torso. "So... you're not from Greece, so- where are you visiting from?" "(y/city)," you answer, and he nods. "Well, you're lucky I ran into you. I'm actually a tour guide here." You snort. "You must think I'm an idiot for walking out here alone." "Nah, you'd be surprised how many people do it. And most of them survive!" You look over at him hesitantly, and he winks. You smile. "And I thought I had bad luck." "Then you've run into some good luck now," he says, holding your gaze. You breath hitches as his gaze intensifies- his eyes are hypnotic- then he continues to lead you down the backstreets, winding in and out of secret stairways. How did you ever get this far out? "There," he chuckles after a few minutes of walking, pointing ahead of you, and you hear the splash of waves when a beach side cafe comes into view. Beyond that, is the bustling little town you came from. "Can I take you for dinner?" he asks suddenly, smiling again. You jerk your attention back to Rydel, and eventually nod with a growing smile, putting your pumps back on. Is he flirting with you, or just making sure you won't get lost again? "Hey... what were those gunshots all about?" you ask as he takes you to a table on the patio. "Oh," he shrugs, "Those are pretty common- doesn't always mean someone's getting killed, but... you should be careful, obviously. You weren't exactly in the Beverly Hills of Greece back there; pretty much the opposite." "Where do you live while you work here?" you ask. "In the Detroit of Greece," he jokes, and you feel your eyes widen. He holds his hands up in a swear. "I've lived here for a while, I'm completely accustomed to going out in the middle of the night and watching someone's head get ripped off for money. Or waking up and seeing a dead guy on my doorstep when I go to work in the morning." Your jaw hangs open, and he starts laughing, solemn expression cracking into hysterics. "You should see your face!" You laugh too, looking away as he takes your hand. "I'm just screwing with you, it's not that bad. Some blood sometimes, but..." he grins, "Not that bad." Rydel orders two glasses of wine, and you thank him again. "You want one?" he asks, holding out a pack of thinly rolled cigars. You shake your head, and he takes one out. "Do you mind?" he asks politely, and you shake your head with a smile. He lights it with a match, pinching it between two fingers. "Did you come here alone?" he asks, exhaling the smoke out of his nose. "No," you mutter, "My friend abandoned me for these... three guys, who were hitting on her." "Are you sure they weren't hitting on you?" he asks suavely without missing a beat, and you huff. "I'm certain they weren't." He studies you. "You should give yourself more credit. You're beautiful." "Well," you smile, "I'll take that compliment and run, cause I'm sure I won't hear it again from anyone else." He frowns. "Seriously, (y/n)- I spend all day staring at sculptures and paintings of the deemed most beautiful women in the history of Athens... and they don't hold a candle to how you look right now." "What, all dishevelled and dirty after a day of aimless wandering?" He flashes you another charming grin. "It takes a day of aimless wandering to find exactly what you're looking for." Okay. With that look, saying stuff like that, this gorgeous as fuck tour guide was basically in your pants already- you just don't know if you should take the bait. "Are you a poet?" you tease. "No, but I keep a journal." "Do you write about the girls you sleep with in it?" "Sometimes." "Do you get descriptive?" "If I'm feeling romantic." You bite your tongue before asking if he's ever touched himself while reading it back. "I know what you're thinking," he laughs, tapping ash from his cigarette, "And the answer is no. I don't. It's not a porn journal, (y/n), it's for little daily observations." You blush, and turn your attention back to your wine glass, taking a long sip from it. "Take it easy," he says softly, "This stuff packs it." "Maybe that's what I want." His eyes flicker down to your lips, and you bat your eyelashes. What the hell. Your friend was off having some ménage-a-trois with three horny guys? Alright. You found your own gem. "This has been a very... fast day," you say. "Agreed," he says, "Meeting you set my heartbeat at an irregularly fast pace." You grin. "You do know that dinner is basically futile now, right?" "Why, because you're so wet for me you just can't contain yourself?" he asks in a hushed voice, and you bite your lip. "Maybe." "Are you?" "I don't know... are you hard for me?" "I will be if you kiss me." You smirk, and knock a fork off the table. Then you crouch down, giving him an eyeful of your lacy panties beneath your skirt. You hear him shift in his seat, and he has to take another drag of his cigarette to busy his mouth from opening in a moan. You reach for the fork, but he joins you, picking it up first. "Let me get that, miss." "Why, thank you, sir..." He picks it up, then after a second, drops it with a clatter, cupping your cheeks and pulling your face in for a deep, exploring kiss. When you pull away, your breath is heavy and you're itching with arousal, and with a glance to his pants you can tell he's hiding an erection now. "Let's get out of here," he murmurs. You purse your lips thoughtfully. "Actually... I don't think I'm done my wine yet." Rydel's Adam's apple bobs in his throat as he swallows, trying to keep his temperature down. You take a leisure sip, revelling in the way Rydel's crossing his legs. "What did you go to school for?" you ask casually. He takes a sip of his wine, white knuckling the glass. "Economics." You hum. "Interesting. Why?" "Because my dad wanted me to," Rydel murmurs, staring off at the ocean. You cock your head. "So, did he not approve of the fact that you became a tour guide?" "I wouldn't know," he shrugs, "He's dead." You shut your mouth. "Sorry." "No, it's fine. I might as well talk about it," he mutters, "My father was an interesting man. I wasn't at his funeral, but... I wish I had been, I guess. You're the first person I've told that to." You look down. "You could go and pay your respects, anyway." Rydel shakes his head. "My sisters would skewer me for taking off after college, leaving them to support our parents. I just wanted to live, you know?" "And have you?" He squints. "I don't know. All I know is, I'm done living yet." Just then, the server comes back with the bottle of wine, offering you more. Rydel is about to decline, but you nod with a wicked smile, reminding Rydel of your little game. "What's the matter?" you ask, pouring some more, "Never had a challenge before?" He grips the table, clenching his jaw. "No, actually." "Mm, I'm sure. I bet they just fall into bed with you." "I haven't slept with as many people as you think I have- girls or guys both." "Well, it's none of my business anyway," you smile, "all that matters to me is tonight." "So there's gonna be a tonight?" You take another sip of wine, dragging your bottom lip up the lip of the glass- teasing him. "Potentially." But you both know there will be. When the waiter comes back, Rydel is basically squirming in his seat, so you take pity on him. "Ask him for the bill," you grin, and Rydel lets out a breath, turning to the man. "Boroúme na pároume to logariasmó parakaló?" he asks the server, and he nods, retreating to grab it. After the bill comes, Rydel stares at you intently for a second, then gets up, leaving the allotted amount of drachma on the table and taking his last sip of wine. "My place is this way." "It hope it's not far." As you walk, you take his arm. "Did you take a job as a guide in Greece for steamy nights with Greek women?" "Did you take a vacation in Greece for torrid affairs with Greek men?" he asks absently, looking around for his backstreet. You shrug. "I don't even know anymore." With a tug of the wrist, he pulls you through a small doorway, and unlocks his door. The minute you're inside, you make good on that torrid statement, and begin undressing immediately. His hands carefully, skillfully work every article of your clothing down as if each part of your body deserves to be worshipped, and with the same precision, you unbuckle his shorts, shucking them down around his ankles. Pulling your skirt down, you step out of it as he steps out of his shorts. You're in your panties and bra now, and he's in his briefs. You both break away just long enough for Rydel to toss a match into the fireplace, illuminating the room a little with a soft orange glow. "Mmm... romantic," you laugh. "I'm nothing if not that," he grins, and snakes his arms under yours to rest his hands on your hips, pulling you to him. Barely tearing your lips off of his to crash land on the bed, his body weight compresses you pleasantly into the mattress- this is going to be one hot night if it keeps on like this. " Thélo na sas kánei na niósete tóso kalá , kai sas akoúo na ourliázoun to ónomá mou," (I want to make you feel so good, and hear you scream my name) he mumbles against your neck, and you shudder. "I thought you weren't Greek..." "I'm not. I just know the language inside and out," he smiles, and kisses you again, sucking your bottom lip into his mouth. Moans fall from your mouth as you tilt your head back, spreading your legs for him. He feels big . "Do you want me to..." he murmurs against your lips, eyes dropping down to gaze at them, then he sticks his tongue in a thrusting motion in your mouth to signify other things. You contemplate this. Do you want his obviously-very-talented tongue inside of you? Well... if he's this good with his tongue, he's probably even better with his cock. "Just fuck me," you whisper into his neck, and he lets out a low groan, reaching down and taking himself in hand as he trails his wet lips down your chest. "You've got a body like a fucking goddess," he mutters against your breasts, eyebrows lifting in sincerity, and you gasp a little, feeling his cool tongue swirl along the top of them. With both hands, he reaches around the back of you, and unhooks the clasp, tossing the garment unceremoniously aside so that it hangs on the doorknob. Now that your breasts are properly exposed, he takes the left nipple between his teeth, sucking and grazing his teeth lightly against the sensitive skin. You let out a noise, palming yourself through your panties, and he chuckles darkly. "So eager. You really want my cock that bad, eroméni mou?" (my mistress). "I wasn't the one at the restaurant who couldn't control his dick," you bite back, though with a hint of fondness. "Would you rather I did?" he breathes, kissing his way back up to your lips, "Would you rather I walked you back to your hotel, and left you all alone tonight to take care of yourself?" You giggle. "Of course not! Though I really should have thought twice before going home with a charming man I met in Greece, even though he saved me from fossilization." Rydel looks up at you through furrowed eyebrows and a quirked up smile. "What?" You laugh. "Forget it, just- just keep doing what you were doing." He grins, and kisses the corner of your mouth, tension raging. You just wish he would pull your panties down already and do it. "Before experiencing the nectar of the flower," he whispers, "You have to peel back its petals first..." "Shit, you are good with words," you mutter, and he shakes his head. "I swear I'm an economics student, not a poet. Cross my heart." "Provide a diploma, and I'll believe you," you tease, and run your hands down to replace his hand on his cock with yours. Each stroke makes his face change, and he begins to thrust into your fist every time. Suddenly, he stalls your hand. "No... I control the pace." You shiver at his tone, and lie back a little more, letting him resume his activity. You're soaking wet now, and he sends a jolt up your body when he mouths at your core through the fabric, tasting you. He then licks your swollen bud through the lace as well, and you almost buck up your hips, but he holds them down gently as he bites down on the waistband. With a snap, he's pulling them down, and off with just his mouth. "That takes talent," you say, and he kisses you again, finally settling between your legs, your naked bodies pressed tight against each other in an already heated embrace. There's barely room for breath as he seals his lips to yours, burying his cock inside of you in one slick thrust. Immediately, he begins to rub slow, sensual circles around your clit- comparing this to any past lover ever, Rydel was fucking spectacular in bed. "'S that good?" he asks, nibbling your earlobe, and you pant out his name by way of response. He sucks deep marks along your neck, but you couldn't care less- he could mark you all he wanted. "Faster," you chant, and he complies, rolling his hips into you as he put all of his weight into each thrust. " Tha értho... Tha- tha értho ..." "What?" you breathe. "I'm gonna-" he mutters, breath hitching, "Oh god, I'm gonna come... where should I do it...?" "I-in me-" "Is that a good idea? I'm just a..." he chokes out a grunt, "A torrid love affair, remember?" "I don't care," you murmur, and he doesn't have the strength currently to argue any further, so he stays. "I'm almost there, just-" you plead, and grind yourself down into his thrusts. "You're so amazing," he pants out, clutching at your shoulders, "so... perfect , god, so wonderful." You bite your lip, and the last kiss he gives you sends you over the edge, screaming his name for his neighbors to hear, if he has any. "Yes, oh god, oh (y/n), " he whispers, and comes inside of you. After a good two minutes of decompression, you feel flushes and more satisfied you've ever been. "Thank you," you whisper, cuddling up to his chest. "For what?" he asks, his eyes half-lidded and sultry in the firelight. "I don't know," you smile, playing with his hair, "Everything. Being my guide, taking me for dinner... fucking me." "Fucking you was the best part of the night," he replies with a beam, and you giggle. "It was, wasn't it?" He laughs in agreement, and you he lets the fire go out naturally overnight as the both of you doze off, wrapped up in the sheets. -0-0-0- Sun splits through the dark curtains as you open one eye. This isn't your hotel room... where- Oh yeah. Oh yeah! You turn, and find Rydel passed out next to you, mostly naked with the sheet barely covering his manhood. You wonder if you should leave, or pretend to still be sleeping when he gets up. He probably won't want you there past maybe like... this afternoon. Suddenly, he rouses, and his eyes blink open, long eyelashes fluttering. "Morning," he rasps in a husky morning voice that does not at all arouse you all over again. His olive skin is covered in the glow of the sunlight, and it makes him look like a fucking god. Why the hell is he so attractive? you wonder wistfully. You roll onto your back. "So... should I...?" "What?" he asks, genuinely confused. "Well... should I, y'know... get going, then?" He frowns, propping himself up. "Why would you do that? You've still got the rest of your trip!" "I need to see if my friend's back." "Can't I come? We could take a walk on the beach, all... three of us?" he teases. You blink, and his smile disappears. "Sorry. If you don't want to see me, and you just want to get on with your trip, that's totally-" "No!" you cry, "No, no. I'm just... really surprised you don't want to... move on." "Like I said," he smiles, leaning in, "I'm not as much of a ladies' man as I make myself out to be." "You should be," you whisper against his lips, "You fuck like a pornstar." "You make noises like a pornstar." "Let's film a porn, then." "A Greek porn! In cinemas internationally, with subtitles, oiled pectorals and horrible accents!" "Splendid idea," you grin, and he rolls over on top of you, pressing your lips together happily. "Stay," he says seriously, "For as long as you can. I don't want you to go." You look up at him, and he leans down to your ear. "Plus... we didn't use a condom. We should at least have a little more fun if we're gonna take risks like that." You're sure your friend can wait another few hours. Notes: There will be a chapter soon that will be Rydel/Male reader! :) Chapter 13 : X-Men: Apocalypse: Apocalypse/Reader Part Three Summary: Third and final part of Apocalypse chapters 7 and 10 :) Notes: Your mutant name in this is Anomaly, btw. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) His hands roam your body in an intimate gesture, the same singe of heat lighting you up from his fingertips alone. His eyes are white again, but he's human, real, flesh and bone- you can feel him. You can feel him inside of you, on you, all around you... he consumes your senses. You feel like you've never felt before- safe, wanted, beautiful in the eyes of another. He kisses down your stomach, then enters you again, any pursuit of his own release irrelevant to him. With every deep, consuming thrust, you feel the walls rumble, you feel the growl of the earth beneath you as En Sabah uses his power. With concentration, he begins to use his power further, stroking down your breasts with an invisible touch. He reaches depth so great inside of you that your eyes entirely dilate to fill with a murky darkness, side effects of the gravity of his force. "I've never felt pleasure like this," you murmur, touching his face. "Anomaly." You inhale sharply. Suddenly his face changes, the blue enveloping his skin, his body as he grows larger and larger. His eyes burn a dark black colour, burn into every fibre of your being, and your entire body feels as if it's being ripped apart from the inside. "No," you whisper, jaw clenching as you begin to scream, "Stop... no... help ... help me!" Suddenly, the scene changes. You see yourself in a golden palace, with a thousand servants bowing before you... but they're made of bone, nothing else. Jewelled rings adorn your fingers, and your skin glows with an unnaturally eerie light. Beside you, sitting on a throne just like yours, is- "Anomaly," Jean says, smiling. The sun behind her shines through her fire red hair and you squint up at the first friend you ever made at the school. "What does that mean?" your nine year old self asks. The thirteen year old Jean sits down beside you. "It means something that deviates from what's... normal. And Charles can't really figure out what your power is or how you use it, so the name suits you perfectly." You smile, and nod. "Now try it out. Come on- hit me," she teases, opening up her arms. You grin, and hold your hand out, summoning all your strength to- The scene changes in a crack of thunder, and you're suddenly on the ground in the rain, on your knees and sobbing over someone. "Please," an older you whispers, "I didn't mean to... you can't leave me alone with people who think I'm a freak among freaks! I'll... I'll never forgive myself... I can't let you die..." You feel a hand on your shoulder, then- "Anomaly. (y/n)!" You open your eyes, chest heaving in a cold sweat. Your hair is plastered to your face, and your hand is clinging to the sheets. "I was... dreaming." Eric stands over you, frowning. He's wearing his helmet. "I could see that, (y/n)," he says slowly, then looks on, "the apocalypse is upon us... but first, we must bury the Brotherhood." -0-0-0- The city is calm. Not many people are awake this early, which is all the better for you. Seeing their faces when you extinguish their lives... is not something you need to see in your mind's eye for the rest of eternity. Of course, this is just your insecurity talking... your inability to trust this- whatever this was. If you could just let go of the fear that came along with starting this apocalypse, you could find pleasure in their deaths... as it should be. A chill runs through you, remembering your dream. Although the traces of it still unnerve you, psychic prediction is not your mutant ability, so you can't allow yourself to mistake your apprehension for truth. Taking a breath, you shed all inhibitions; nothing can stop Apocalypse and his four followers in taking back the earth... not even the X Men. You feel a hand on your back, and your power suddenly swells within you, your veins glowing red- you don't have to run a diagnostic to know that Apocalypse has amplified your abilities beyond comprehension, giving you the ruthlessness you experienced through his Vision. "Strength," he whispers in your ear, "Will bring us victory, and victory will bring us to your well deserved reward. We will be together again after the six million years we have waited- you know what you have to do." He raises his arms up, and immediately, the ground quakes. Pavement begins to crack, trees begin to splinter, and windows on swaying buildings shatter. A flick of his wrists is all it takes to send four skyscrapers to the ground, flaming. "That should get their attention," Angel smirks. Storm laughs cruelly, and Magneto tightens a fist. "We'll take everything from them." You fix your gaze ahead, and in the time it takes for the Brotherhood to show up to the scene, you allow your entire body to be overtaken with the intense transformation of your ability. You hear his voice in your head. You're ready. "What have you done?!" shouts someone behind the five of you, and you turn to see Charles. He's out here with the others; Mystique, Beast, Cyclops, Quicksilver, and Jean. "Petty mutants!" Apocalypse roars, "Your world will be crushed under our palms, and you along with it. It is foolish to wage a war against a god." "You're no god!" Mystique calls up, "You're the same as the rest of us, only power hungry and blinded by your mutation!" "No," Apocalypse drawls, "You are all lost, because you follow blind leaders. But I am here, now... I have come for you. You are the one that is blind, child." He motions at Angel, and Angel jumps up in the air, his wings- now metallic and sharp as daggers, thanks to the upgrade- spread. Feathers turned to glinting knives, he shoots two on a direct path to Mystique's eyes, but Quicksilver dashes in front of her, grabbing her out of the way. Apocalypse grabs Quicksilver, raising him up and pounding him against the ground, and the fight begins. Angel flies after Mystique, and Cyclops follows Storm, who is in the midst of summoning a great storm. Magneto and Charles begin to circle, and that leaves you... Jean. Fine , you think, if that's what it’s come down to. As you run after her, she turns, and you feel her inside of your head. Stop , you hear from all directions, and you grimace, holding your aching head. You had never had the misfortune to feel Jean's powers inflicted on yourself, but they really were as crippling as they looked. Remember who you are. You’re a good person. You’re my friend. You focus on getting her out of your head, and it works- she can no longer control you as you find, and you run up to her, initiating the fist fight. She uses her telekinesis to lift a chunk of cement from the broken ground, and it almost hits you- before you smash it into a billion pieces with a crackle of red from your hands. The ray of light resulting is almost blinding, and Jean shields her eyes; this gives you the opportunity to grab her neck and begin to execute your power through her skin, but she resists, sending more chunks hurdling at you. You dodge one, but one hits you in the back, sending you flying to the ground. Looking up from the shaking ground, you taste blood on your lip, and use your anger to fuel you. Another intrusion: Stop this. Stop fighting your brothers and sisters. You let out an aggravated cry, and send bolts of your power swirling her way, opening up a crackling black hole just behind her. She concentrates hard, and a car rolls in front of the portal just before she's sucked in. The fistfight continues, and you get knocked to the side of the head hard. You punch her in the ribcage with beyond superhuman force, sending her flying, and run toward her with three steps in mind- forget, defeat, kill. "ANOMALY! STOP!" you see Mystique behind you, and she's holding a gun. You can easily cast the gun from her hand, but she's caught you off guard. "He's lying to you! He's using you!" You smile, shaking your head. "You haven't seen it, Raven. You haven't seen what he can do. He can rule this earth, for us- no more human interferences. No more stupid wars... only peace, and coexistence." "That's what he's been saying?" she scoffs, “What’s he promised?” “He’s promised everything,” you hiss, "Join with us!" She shakes her head, cocking the gun. “Don’t do this.” "Like I said," you mutter, stalling as you see Apocalypse approach the shape shifter from behind, "You haven't seen what I have." She frowns at your unsettling grin, but doesn't have time to react as Apocalypse grabs her from behind, squeezing around her neck. She drops the gun, beginning to choke, and you watch as she paws at his hands. One hand outstretched, she makes a noise, and he snaps her neck. Her drops her body to the ground; one last transformation, and her dark blue skin fades to a worn grey. You turn back to Jean, who's coughing in a pile of cement rubble. You make a tiny black hole in your hand, and go over to her, grabbing her by the shoulders and placing a hand to her chest, watching as her veins illuminate painfully. She's bleeding from her nose and various other places, barely coherent... but she's able to make out one last thing. "Hit me,” she wheezes, coughing up blood. She has a black eye forming, and you stall your hand in front of her chest, pausing. “Jean… you don’t understand. He’ll make this paradise.” She shakes her head fervently. “He’s lying to you.” “He’s not,” you grit out, power swelling even more intensely inside of you, “You just don’t get it, do you? He’s a god . He’s come back for us. We should be thankful!” “He… and you , will be responsible for billions of deaths,” she coughs. You stare into her eyes, and nod slowly as you realize there's no hope. “Yes. And yours will be the first one I take.” With that, you grip her, slowly sucking all of her life force out of her body and into your palm. She screams in anguish, but after a second, she’s drained, lifeless on the ground. You catch your breath, watching the black hole dissipate, and realize what you just did. Tears form in your eyes, and you look around- everything is burning. Buildings are rubble, bodies lie everywhere… it’s complete carnage, and Apocalypse is revelling in it. But this is what must be done. We have to obliterate them. They have to die for us to live. He’ll keep his promise. I professed my loyalty to him. Right? You start to panic, feeling all of the noises around you consume your senses. Every explosion sends you into hysteria, and every shot, clang, scream echoes in your mind. And then, it happens. Magneto is hovering triumphant over a body… Charles is dead. You know Apocalypse will win. He’s going to burn down the world. He will kill everyone. And you… You can’t turn back now. You watch, as if from a distance, yourself murder innocent people. It’s for the greater good. More people die. Cyclops is hurled off of a building. Nobody’s there to save him, because Quicksilver was blown to pieces when Storm ignited a truck with lightning. Falling to your knees, you pick up a leaf. Will there be nature in the new world? What a stupid question. How different will it all be? Ruling alongside him in the eternal kingdom… It hits you all too fast. What he’s been saying. The dream- it was Jean, trying to get into your head last night and convince you of what was in store for you. Everything En Sabah’s been telling you, it’s all true- but you’ve been missing the truth behind it the entire time. The last fight… the apocalypse he speaks of requires, for the regeneration of a world, a- A fist rips through your body from behind, and you look down in morbid fascination at the blood-covered blue arm that you are now impaled on. “The last crucial sacrifice to bring about a new era,” he rasps in your ear, “Glory awaits you in the luxuries of the afterlife , my love. And so do I.” You choke, struggling, but it’s no use. You feel the life fading from you quickly, and as you drop to the ground, unable to heal, you watch the world fall around you as the last vision hits you… Demolition, wreckage, then suddenly the calm ripple of an endless void of peaceful blackness. His Vision is real. Notes: Sorry for butchering any Egyptian mythology in this one... lmfao Chapter 14 : The Force Awakens: Poe/Male Reader Summary: One hot day, Commander Dameron is fixing his X-Wing, and somehow, the both of you end up in his cramped cockpit after you agree to help. You unsnap the buckle of your pilot uniform as you prepare to get out of your prize X Wing. Today was a pretty big mission, but it passed seamlessly with Commander Dameron in charge. As you take off your helmet, you smile a little, thinking of him. Poe Dameron, best pilot in the Resistance... and he was your Black Leader. Well... you'd let a fine looking guy like that be your any-kind-of leader any day, but that was beside the point... "Beep boop," your droid says, swiveling its head, and you nod, looking out the dusty, cracked window. "Yeah, I know... I see him." Poe's standing out there by his own ship talking with Nien Nunb about some sort of malfunction in the starboard side of his X-Wing, and the little Sullustan nods along thoughtfully. He titters something back, and Poe agrees, slapping him on the back and retreating to unpack, all the while with BB-8 following him around. You turn back to your buckle, and get out of your X-Wing. "Beeep blop, weeeoooh," your droid wails, and you roll your eyes. "Shut up. Yeah, his ass is really, really hot, but I don't-" "Who's really, really hot?" you suddenly hear, and turn to see- "Poe! I-I mean, Commander Dameron- sorry, sir. I was just, um... talking about..." "Bleeroopbleep," your droid supplies, and you breathe a grateful sigh of relief. "Yeah, Mustafar," you reiterate quickly. "The volcanic planet?" Poe asks, eyebrow raised. "Yeah..." "Do you always refer to planets with gendered possessive pronouns?" "Umm..." "And talk about planets' asses?" he adds with a laugh. You rub the back of your neck, and blush. "I..." "Anyway- good flying out there," he saves you from your awkward stutters with a congratulatory grip on your shoulder, and you smile a little. "Thank you, sir." Then Poe winks at you- he fucking winks- and saunters away. "Is it me, or is his uniform unusually tight today?" you gulp out loud. Your droid whistles. -0-0-0- A little bit later, you're walking through the base, and you look out the window at your destination. Oh, kriffing hell. It's hot on D'Quar, yeah... but what gives Poe the right to be working on his X-Wing, covered in soot and grease, with his uniform pulled down to his hips like that ??? Well, he actually has that right, since it's a free system, but that's not the point! His pecs are fabulous... You look down, and realize you're starting to get a boner- the worst part is, you have to cross the tarmac to get where you're going. You pray for your dick to calm its shit and go down as you suck in a breath, crossing the blazing runway and hiding behind ships as you cross. Suddenly, you hear your name. "Lt. (y/l/n)!" You look up like a deer caught in headlights, and Poe lets out a dazzling grin. "Oh, thank the maker you're here, buddy- pass me that arc welder, will ya?" "Sure," you reply as casually as you can, but your eyes are once again drawn to the lifting of his arms up to the wing. "(y/n)?" he asks again, still grinning, and you realize you've been staring. "Oh! Yeah, sorry... here." You toss up the welder, and he catches it effortlessly, going back to wrenching something loose. "That battle sure did a number on this baby," he mutters, and you look at it. "Yeah?" "Yeah, I don't know if you heard, but I got hit in the home stretch. If it wasn't for your shot on that TIE nerfherder- I'd probably be a goner, so thanks, man." You blush again, looking down. "It's no big deal. Just doing my duty." "Would you like to continue to do your duty with something else?" he asks, shooting you a sultry gaze, and your throat's suddenly really dry. "Y-yes sir." "Okay..." he murmurs, then bites the welder between his teeth, "Pass me that fusing pen, then." You exhale an dirty thoughts you had about that statement, and rummage around in the pile of tools. The heat is getting to you too now, and Poe thanks you with a nod as you pass it up. "It's pretty hot. You want an Ebla beer or somethin'?" You consider this, and look out at the sun, which would be up for a while. "Yeah, okay. Thanks." "Not a problem- they're in that sack there, and grab me one too." You grab two out, the condensation rolling over your fingers, and pop the cap on yours. He takes his from up where he's still fixing his ship, and pops it with his teeth- that shouldn't have looked so sexy. "Ohhh," he all but moans, taking a swig, "Good, huh?" "Yes," you breathe, watching as a drop falls from his lips, dripping down his neck, his chest... "You okay?" he pants, looking at you through where his arms are both flexing a lot and tightening the screw, "You look like you're about to pass out, buddy." "I'm fine," you squeak, and you're sure you have a boner now as he wipes the beer off of his chest, leaving a grease stain. He looks over again. "Plasma welder, please." You toss it up, and he catches, connecting two wires with a satisfying hiss. He then gets down, and opens the hatch to his X-Wing. "Time to fix the controls." You watch as the uniform he's wearing hangs low on his hip bones, which are prominent and beautifully tan, and you're so screwed because you can't stop yourself from doing this. "Seriously, you sure you're okay? You-" Suddenly, you rush forward, and put a hand behind his head, drawing his mouth into yours in a deep, steamy kiss. No signs arise that Poe wasn't enjoying it- quite the opposite, as he moans into your mouth and deepens the kiss even more, latching onto your lips and sucking. His noises get downright dirty when you trail your hand down to his ass, squeezing him, and he lifts his leg up for you to hold, which you do happily. Breaking away, his brows are furrowed and you don't think you could be any more turned on than you are now. "Cockpit," he pants, eyes gazing intensely into yours, and you nod urgently, the two of you turning and dashing up the ladder to the seat. Closing the hatch, you're not sure if he likes being manhandled, so you keep your hands safely rubbing him through his pants. That question is soon answered when he whispers, "I want you to fucking wreck me, (y/n)." You gasp, and press the heel of your palm down on your own dick, hoping the throbbing would subside long enough to get Poe ready. You push him down, and his eyelids flutter, neck sweaty and exposed- perfect for sucking. You kiss up his collarbone, then around to his ear. A high whining sound rips from his throat, and you feel his cock dragging up and down your thigh through his uniform, beneath the layers of standard fabric. Bringing a hand up, he feels how hard you are through your standard issue briefs, and groans out your name again; you'll never get tired of hearing him say it, especially in this state. You're still a little shy about this, but seeing your higher officer- your commander - spread out for you is making you hornier than hell, and you decide on dirty talking. "Such a slut for me," you murmur, trailing your fingers down his quivering stomach, "Gonna watch me fuck you?" "Yes," Poe moans, and grabs for something under the seat. You blink. "Why do you have lube in your X-Wing, man?" "Why not?" the pilot chuckles with a rebellious smirk. You grin, and slick yourself up, then circle Poe's rim with two fingers. He mewls softly, and grinds himself down against you. Eventually, even you can't take it anymore, and you push the fingers into him, finally giving it to him. "Yeah... god, more," he mutters, and you bite your lip at the fact that you're about to fuck the man you've had a crush on ever since you joined the Resistance. When he's ready, he pats your arm, and you take yourself out of your pants, settling between his spread legs. "Ready?" you ask with a breath, and he raises an eyebrow. "What do you think?" You blush, and push into him slowly, gradually burying your length into his tight, welcoming hole. "Ohhh, shit, you're huge," he mutters, hand flying to grip the seat, and you begin to move, guessing that Poe liked it rough, fast, and dirty. His response confirms this, a deep, guttural noise coming out, and you feel your head roll back, revelling in the vice lock he's got your cock in. "Harder," Poe moans loudly, and you look around- there's no one around the X-Wing, but if there was, they'd sure get an earful. You lean down over him, whispering in his ear, "You're so strict as our fearless leader... but in bed, you're a needy little slut, aren't you?" "Yes- ohgod, (y/n), need to be fucked-" "Bet you love taking cock, don't you?" "All I think about-" his breath hitches, "Ah!" "Gonna come on my cock?" you mumble, deep down hoping the answer is yes, because you're going to blow your load soon. "Fuck yeah," Poe replies, touching himself now, rolling his balls in one hand. You decide to play on his kinks even more, and slap his hand away. "Did I say you could touch your cock, flyboy?" He glares at you defiantly, but ultimately lets go, white knuckling the seat again and pressing the other one up against a window. You pound into him harder, skin against skin a distinguishable sound among your heavy breathing, Poe's incoherent ramblings in a language that you assume is from his home world, and the rocking of the seat. "Fuck!" he basically screams, "Ah! Ah! Ahhh!" You grimace, groaning out low as you finally throb, and come inside of him. With a twitch of his dick, Poe comes as well, ropes of white shooting up his chest and speckling his cheek as well. You fall on top of him, and realize the windows of the small space are completely fogged up. The two of you lie there, catching your breath with your softening cock still in him, but you're jarred out of your blissfully languid state when you hear a voice. "WHO'S BEING MURDERED UP THERE?!" "Shit!" you hiss, "It's the General! We're busted for sure." Poe, though, looks utterly amused, and gives a lopsided grin before doing this: "Oh! Oh! Yeah, (y/n), give it to me harder, right there!" You try to stifle him in mortified embarrassment, but he just laughs carelessly, slapping a hand against the foggy window dramatically. "Oh, it's you, Dameron," Leia mutters, "I should have known." You look at Poe, and begin to laugh. "Alright, Lieutenant," Poe smiles, "I still want you out here bright and early tomorrow morning." "Yes sir, of course sir," you answer, and he chuckles with a mischievous wink. "Maybe tomorrow we'll actually fly somewhere." Chapter 15 : Ticky Tacky: Lucien/Female Reader Summary: Secretary to your eccentric boss, you find him eating a donut one day, which leads to you, face down, against his desk. Notes: I fricken love Ticky Tacky XD Donuts are always a good excuse to get into your boss' office- he loves them. Whether it be the sugary consistency, the sweet dough he can sink his teeth into, or the potentially gooey middle just waiting to be released when he finally pierces through the veil of icing with his welcoming tongue. Watching Lucien eat a donut- or really, any delicacy he's had imported specially for him- is a religious experience; you could argue it was even better for you to watch than for him to actually eat the thing. That tongue wasn't just good at working its way into a donut, that was for sure... "Mmmm- mmm !" he finally exclaims, setting the donut down carefully on a folded napkin as you wake from your fantasy, "(y/n), answer me something, honey- what could possibly be better than a perfectly crafted donut?" You smirk. "I can think of a few things, sir." He eyes you, and sits down at his desk again, pushing the box away as he connects his fingertips. "What was that?" You pull a straight face again, and shake your head. "Nothing." He smirks as well, and reaches for the bowl by his collection of fountain pens. "Nut?" he asks, exaggerating the t, and you saunter over. "If they're the kind I can suck, then yes please," you tease, and Lucien's dark, searching eyes once again fly to yours. "Feeling slutty today?" he asks, nodding his head as if he'd just asked if you were feeling ill. You nod, sitting down on the edge of his desk just because you know he hates that. He stares at where you're sitting, then back up to you, placing his hands in front of his mouth and resting his elbows on the desk. "Me too." Then, he gets up, and walks around the table. You hop down, and he yanks you against him passionately, dipping you and taking your lips between his teeth. Feeling under your skirt, he slips his fingers into your panties, and immediately begins fingering you. Your knees buckle, and he catches you, spinning you around so that you're face down on the desk, ass up and ready to be fucked. "I hope you don't mind, but I have to come in you today- we just got the carpets steamcleaned after... Nikolai." You nod In understanding, and he unzips his pants- a loud noise in a room otherwise only playing morose cello suits. You hear him fumbling to get himself out of his pants, then suddenly, he stops, jaw clenching behind you as a realization hits him. "FUCK!" he shouts, and you look back. "What?!" Lucien composes himself, and inhales sharply. "Condoms." He raises his voice. " Gabriel !" You huff as the boy comes in, but don't bother covering yourself. That little shit has caught you naked in here more times than your mother has seen you without clothes. You had no idea how an eight year old came to work here... he isn't even Lucien's son- more like his personal hitman, honestly. "The box, Gabriel," your boss says patiently, pointing to a deep red case by the bookcase- too far to reach; Gabriel goes and retrieves it compliantly. Once Lucien has it, he gives a thumbs up. "Thank you. That will be all." Gabriel nods, and, adjusting a cuff, walks out the door again, making sure it's closed. Lucien takes a condom out of its package, and rolls it on, pulling your skirt up and rolling your ass around in his hands. "Beautiful," he cooes, stroking your hip, then positions at your entrance. "Okay, baby doll?" "Yeah," you breath, pushing back against him. He rubs a soothing hand down your back, then uses it to keep you firmly pinned against the desk as he begins to fuck you from behind. "So good..." he whispers, "You doing okay?" You nod, whimpering. Lucien is on the larger side, and always stretches you to the point of almost overwhelming fullness. He suddenly opens a drawer, and pulls out a pair of black leather gloves, slipping them on. "What are those f- oohh ," you moan, your boss taking your nipples underneath your bra and button up between his fingers and pinching- the leather drags against your sensitive skin perfectly, inspiring a throb from your clit. "Gonna give me a show?" he murmurs, tugging on your hair lightly and looking at you sternly. His gloved hands are now positioned on your hips. You grin wickedly, and reach for his donut with the bite out of it. Taking it between two fingers, you lick the bite mark, then lick up to the icing. Next, you take it in your mouth, and suck on the dough, eventually sinking your teeth into it and moaning out in pleasure as the taste envelops your senses. You feel Lucien's pace quicken at the display and hear the pens on the table begin to roll around with each rough jolt. You continue, licking the sugary icing off of your soft lips slowly. "Lucien," you mutter, "Sir, f-faster... I'm gonna come..." "Yes... come for me, honey- that's it... briiiiiiilliant ," he draws out the last word, and with a punched out groan and a particularly hard couple of thrusts, he comes inside of the condom. His urgent thrusting sends you over the edge as well, and you grip the wooden table as you hold on through your orgasm. Once you're both finished, Lucien pulls out, disposes of the condom, zips himself up, takes off his gloves, and brushes his hands together in an immaculate routine, flicking dust off of his desk along the way. He takes a breath. "That will be all, (y/n)," Lucien says in a low voice, popping a nut into his mouth. You nod once, and take the napkin from his desk, winking back at your boss as you lick your sticky fingers, one by one. Chapter 16 : Ex Machina: Nathan Bateman/Female Reader Part Two Summary: Your teacher and secret boyfriend, Mr. Bateman, invites you to his vacation home for spring break, and you're happy to accept, knowing just what this week would entail. Notes: Okay so I'm not sure how good this one is lol, but it's based off of a dream I had. Enjoy? x Two minutes and counting until spring break... you're ecstatic. Everyone's chattering around you about where they're off to- Orlando with their boyfriend, Tahiti with their friends, wherever it may be. You think of the conversation you had with Mr. Bateman yesterday... -0-0-0- "What are you doing for spring break, babygirl?" he asks as you suck the tip of his cock into your mouth. "Mmm dm't nm," you mumble, and he hands you a hair tie you left on his desk the week before. You sigh appreciatively, and use that to tie your hair back, then go back to work on him. "Not going anywhere with your friends?" he prods further, and you pull off, looking up at him with a playful smirk. "Why? Wanna take me somewhere?" He laughs. "Actually, yeah." Your eyes widen a little, and you blink. "Go on." "See, I've got this private boathouse in the Bahamas- ocean view, own the entire property so there won't be any tourists, poolside bar; I even have some, uh..." he arches an eyebrow, "Toys, I keep out there." You suppress a moan, and he continues. "Yeah, I used to go up there sometimes during school breaks, but I haven't been out there in years. You wanna come?" Your eyes light up. "Of course! Thank you... sir ." He bites his lip, nodding. "Now finish me off, the bell's gonna go in five minutes." You smile, and wrap a hand around his dick, taking it back into your mouth. -0-0-0- Class is over, and everyone's going nuts. Guys are slapping each other on the back, promises of keg parties and clubbing, the prospect of two weeks of unadulterated fun exciting to everyone. "(y/n)!" you hear, and turn to see Caleb. "Hey!" you grin, hugging him, "How was physics?" "Physics was... physics," he deadpanned. "Did you ask out Karen Williams yet?" "What? N-no," he mutters, blushing, "I was too busy taking notes." You roll your eyes. "You're hopeless." Caleb waves you off as you both walk over to the vending machine, then his eyes widened the way they always did when he had something to say. "So Kyoko, Alex and I were gonna head to that new theme park, Spooky Island, off the coast- it looks awesome, and they've got student deals for the break. You coming?" "I'm afraid I can't," you say, heaving an exaggerated sigh, "You'll never believe where I'm going." "Where?" Caleb asks, "Where could possibly be better than an island full of monster rides and voodoo themed alcohol?!" "Mr. Bateman's boathouse," you grin, and he chokes on his pepsi. "What?!" "Yep," you laugh, and he laughs. "Yeah... yeah, that is better." You overhear Nathan's voice, and turn to see him casually leaning against the doorframe of the art room, chatting with Ms. Vikander. "I'll just be grading paintings for the next two weeks. What are you doing over the break, Nathan?" "Spending a little quality time with someone... close to me." You grin to yourself. -0-0-0- The plane at the airport is packed, obviously- which is why you're glad you're flying on Nathan's private jet. You pull out your phone, and find two snapchats from Caleb. You open the app, and see that one is of your friend shaking his fist like an old man: [plane emoji] delayed- these crazy kids . You laugh out loud, then skip to the next one, which is one of him sticking his tongue out with Kayoko making a finger in the hole motion with her hands: Have fun with sugar daddy [kiss emoji] You roll your eyes, and take a picture of said eye roll. NOT my sugar daddy. You send it, then take a better picture of yourself grinning: Have fun bitching out in front of women [girl flipping hair emoji] You then pack your phone away, and put it in your bag. A few minutes later, you hear someone come up behind you. "(y/n)!" It's Nathan; you t0urn and smile. "Mr. Bateman," you grin, "You look hot." He's wearing sunglasses with that white lounge top, khaki shorts below with loafers. "I bet you will too, in the bikini I just bought you," he whispers, and you turn to him, watching as he sits down next to you and pulls out a little bag. You gasp. "Oh my god ... you shouldn't have!" "I figured, hey- if I'm making the student I'm fucking visit my boathouse for spring break, I might as well give her a thank you gift." You purse your lips through your smile. "You're not making me do anything, sir." "I know," he murmurs, "But I jerked off last night thinking about what you'd look like in this, so I still want to give it to you." You feel your heart skip a beat, and your fingers delve into the bag. The bathing suit is expensive- extremely tasteful, and expensive: it's a white string, with barely any material covering the breasts. The bottoms are just as skimpy, and you giggle. "It's perfect." He smirks, pushing his glasses up. "Good. Shall we?" The plane ride is long, but it's a nice flight. You assumed for the longest time that he would want to fuck you in the plane, but you two just ended up talking about how he got to be a teacher over mimosas. "I created a search engine when I was thirteen using code I wrote," he muses, staring out the window at the fluffy clouds, "So that's a thing that helped. When I got to be like, 19, I think, I got bored and sold my code to Bing." " Bing ?" you scowl in disbelief. "Yeah, man- back then, I had no idea they we're gonna fuck up my name so bad." He rolls his eyes. "Anyway, you can't escape the shit. I became a teacher when I realized math was more my thing than programming. In my opinion, math is the universal language, y'know- it's how we communicate on subconscious wavelengths, it's how we would theoretically communicate with robots, so... to teach the next generation that? It's pretty fucking cool." You huff. "My god, you're a genius." He laughs. "I know." -0-0-0- The residence is astounding. The water around the modern-style boathouse is a clear turquoise, the sand a complimentary shade just shy of white. "It's beautiful," you breathe. "You like this?" Nathan smiles, "You should see my place in Alaska." You scoff, following him in with your bags. "So life is basically Monopoly for you, yet you wear the same the grey tank top and sweats to school almost every day." He nods, opening the fridge. "Basically. Beer? Margarita?" You shake your head. "Ice water for now, please." He pours some in a nicely-designed glass, and hands it to you. "You want to go for a dip?" you ask, sucking on your bottom lip. He nods, and you had off to find the bathroom to change into that new bikini. When it's on, you admire yourself in the mirror... not bad. You come out, and find your teacher in black swim trunks that do nothing to hide his impressive package. "You know what? Fuck the beach," Nathan mutters, "I've got you all alone here, no one to hear us in the next classroom over... I kinda wanna fuck you right here... right now." You gasp softly, and he turns toward a hallway. "C'mon- follow me." You walk beside him down the hall, and when he comes to the door at the end, he unlocks it, walking inside. Watching him open the lid to a box very carefully, your eyes take in the sight of all the toys he mentioned before- there's a vibrator, two dildos, and a pair of handcuffs. "Go ahead... choose," he mumbles, watching you over his glasses with that pensive gaze, and you step forward, eventually deciding on the vibrator. He closes the box, and leads you out of the room, bringing you back out to the kitchen. "Good choice," he grins, then sweeps you off your feet, picking you up and leading you back into the counter, where Nathan connects his mouth with yours hungrily. "Fuck me," you whisper on inhalation, and he lifts you up on the counter as you spread your legs for him. "So good for daddy," he mutters, groaning, "Already wet for me, like a good girl." He's already hard, and you're wet for him just gazing over his exposed chest and muscular biceps gripping you and holding you steady. Cock out, he strokes himself a few times, and you pull your bikini bottoms aside. He eyes your pussy with an intensity that makes you shiver, and kisses you again, pushing into your tightness with a groan. "Fuck... so good," he mumbles, "Use the vibrator, give me a show." You clench around him, and turn the toy on, holding it against your clit as the amazing buzzing jolts through you. Complying with his request, you moan loudly, arching your back as you desperately roll your hips down onto him and against the toy, seeking more friction. He starts moving, smoothing his hands up and down your arms. He knows what he can do to make you come fast now, so he touches you all the right ways, staring at you with that domineering glower as he fucks you into the counter top. "Yeah... yeah ... don't stop, daddy," you whine in a low, dirty voice, grinding the vibrator down harder and turning it up a setting. He kisses your cheek. "It's okay... daddy's gonna fuck you so good, gonna make sure you come." You moan, clutching onto his back, and his thrusts begin to get more erratic as he gets closer. "You close, babygirl?" he coos, and you nod frantically. "Just a little faster, please, daddy, give it to me!" The vibrator buzzes between you two. He picks up his pace, and when he hits your sweet spot, you come with a cry of his name, Nathan following not long after. You catch your breath, switching the toy off, and smile. "Thank you, daddy," you murmur, batting your eyelashes at him, and he smiles back fondly. "You've been a good girl- you deserved it... I can't wait to fuck you on every surface of this place this week." Despite the hot weather just outside the sliding doors, you feel another shiver run through you. Spooky Island destination theme park doesn't hold a candle to the rest of what this week would hold. Chapter 17 : In Secret: Laurent/Female Reader Part Two Summary: Part Two of chapter nine :) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) His eyes capture your thoughts. His smile dominates your dreams. Laurent is all you can think of after your exchange; his domineering gaze, the gaze that knew what you felt deep down, even if you didn't. These are the only things that kept you sane as you watched your mother fall over the side of the staircase, her eyes in contrast to your lover's frightened and not long after, lifeless. After the deed had been done, the two of you had stared down at her body. "There's no going back now," he had whispered to you, "I am yours, and we are sealed in blood." Weeks had passed since your meeting in the alley. The night before your mother's murder, you couldn't help think that you may not be the same after this. What if it changed you? Did you really want to do this? But ever since your mother had taken her last breath, you had felt that sense of freedom you felt whenever you were with Laurent. Now, you could be with him without inhibitions. -0-0-0- "She... fell," Laurent says softly, holding a fist to his mouth as he speaks to the police you both called after you were sure she was dead, "We always assumed it would be her illness that would ultimately take her life, but... poor mother must have needed something upstairs, and...well..." his face twists. "She..." you sob, cutting in hysterically, "She was just lying there when we came home from an afternoon stroll! We thought maybe... if we called you in time, we could... oh goodness, I loved her so, so much! Oh dear god, dear god..." The mood in the room is dark and gloomy as you simulate weeping into Laurent's shoulder, and he strokes your hair softly, turning back to the two constables in your home. "She's been inconsolable ever since, officers. Nothing will cease her hysterics." "Well," one of them says gently, "You know how women can be." He whispers this last part, then clears his throat. "I'm afraid there's nothing we can do for Madame (y/l/n) but pay our respects in attending her funeral, good mademoiselle and monsieur." "We're so sorry," the other one adds with a touch to your arm, and you sob harder, shoulders rising and falling with every labored, exaggerated breath. Laurent nods sadly, hanging his head, and hushes you tenderly, purring your name. The constables nod again, and with last wishes, they put their hats back on and offer to alert the morgue. "They're gone," Laurent's low, solemn voice cracks through your haze of drama, and you pull your hair from your face, blinking away any fake tears. "Thank god. If I had to keep up that lunacy for a moment longer, I fear I would be a passenger to the grave alongside my dear mother." Laurent stifles a laugh, and stares at you. "You're ruthless, you know that?" You smile a little, tugging on his lapels and whispering, "You love it." "I do," he smiles, and pulls you into his lap. You bite your lip coyly. " Dear god, dear god ," you feign, laughing uncontrollably; rather than guilty, you almost feel giddy in her indefinite absence. Laurent's hand tilts your head down to look at him. "God can't help us now," he rasps in your ear, and you feel a chill run down your spine. His point is reiterated when you feel his hand reach underneath your skirts, unlacing you and pulling your underwear down. He teases the insides of your thighs gingerly with his fingertips, watching his actions elicit a reaction. "Laurent, please ," you whisper, any fear from before banished, and he trails his teeth along your clavicle, venturing further down and swirling his tongue along the swell of your breast. "Please," you repeat in a hushed moan, and he kisses the juncture of your jaw. "There's no need to stay silent now, darling," he grins, "Our moans fall on deaf ears." You still feel a tad squeamish having sex with Laurent in the same household as your mother's dead body, but what difference does it make? It's simply a body. You shed your guilt, and the smile returns to your face. "You're right. We shall make all the noise we want!" you giggle, and he chuckles along with you, placing a finger on your nose. "That is, until the mortician arrives," he grins, and you envelop his lips in a kiss. The kiss quickly progresses as it always does to something far more urgent- a need between you two that has intensified over the days spent apart. "I need you," you moan, and Laurent lifts you up, lowering you over his stiff cock. "Oh, fff-" you exhale, squeezing your eyes shut and chewing on your bottom lip. "We were meant for each other," he breathes into your hair, beginning to rock up into you, "Do you feel how well we fit together?" "Oh, so well," you cry, arching your back as he gets a better angle. Thrusting into you with a deep, steady pace, you wonder why you ever questioned your union with this man. "Finding you," you pant breathlessly between his thrusts, "On that street that day... oh, god - was the best thing that ever happened... to me..." Laurent makes a growling noise, pumping into you faster, and you can feel his cock throbbing inside of you, searching for release. "Fuck me... oh, fuck me..." you chant, and Laurent lets out a broken groan, apologizing under his breath as he finally comes before you, filling you to the hilt. Your breasts heave, and Laurent, still recovering but ever the gentleman, returns his fingers to your dripping core, stroking your clit to completion with his cock still inside of you. "Oh, yes!" You cry loudly, and the reality almost jars you that you can now make noises like this while Laurent fucks you, without having to keep quiet. Your heart skips a beat, and you lace your fingers through his curls as you come as well on his softening cock. "All better?" he asks playfully, smiling into your glowing skin. You laugh softly. "You do know how to pleasure a woman." He kisses you on the lips once more, and suddenly, there's a knocking at the door. Your mouth opens, and Laurent helps you up. He quickly buckles himself up, and you fix your skirts as fast as you can, adjusting your bustle and "Coming!" you say, masking your panicked state as best you can, and Laurent smoothes his hair back. You hunch your shoulders slightly, attempting to return to your previous wallowing sadness, and open the door. Of course, it's the mortician, and you wipe your eyes for effect. "Oh... this is just horrible. Mother's..." you whimper, "In there." For further effect, Laurent comes up behind you, and you fall into his arms, continuing to cry- as you fake the sobs, you feel his seed dripping out of you, down your thigh... it's the sexiest thing you've felt before. The mortician pats you on the shoulder softly- if only he knew - and brings the stretcher in with two of his men following to carry. You watch them go, and your mouth turns up, as does Laurent's. "From here on... we don't talk of this happening unless asked, in which case we've formulated a story," he whispers to you. You smile secretly into his dress shirt. You can finally be together now- till death do you part. Notes: There will be a third part coming soon to close out the Laurent storyline :)) Chapter 18 : In Secret: Laurent/Female Reader Part Three Summary: Final part of chapters 9 and 17 :) Notes: A little bit of physical violence in this chapter? :p "Why did you tell her?!" he roars, gripping your shoulders so hard it begins to hurt. You smell the alcohol on his breath. A choked sob escapes you. "I didn't... my god, Laurent, she was just suspicious! She knows, I know she knows, oh, I could see it in her eyes..." "We made a pact," he hisses, venom in his words as his eyes narrow, "A PACT , that we tell nobody, and live out our days together here under NO suspicion. When did she begin to suspect?" You clutch onto his forearm for support, everything rushing at you at once. "The w-week after it was done." Laurent's nostrils flare, and you cry out as he pushes you against the wall, no doubt bruising your arm. "So you admitted to it, did you?" he mumbles in your ear, the same voice that once caressed your ears and whispered sweet nothings to you. "Is this what you want?! Do you wish to go to prison?! Do you wish to be tossed in the river with bricks tied to our limbs, (y/n)?! I should have known the moment you hesitated that none of this would have worked. Why did I fall in love with you?!" "Please don't say that... we can make this better," you whisper, tears streaming down your face, "We can... please, Laurent, we can make this..." you sob, "I didn't admit it. I just... didn't answer. She's suspicious, but... she doesn't know." He holds you against the wall. "You know what we can do, now? We can wait for the police to show up on our doorstep, and do what we do best- just like the day we killed that old whore." He begins to unbuckle his belt, and your eyes fall down to his hands working at it. You think back to the day you had done this with Laurent, but that time had been fuelled by passion, filled with relief and sheer joy. Despite your lack of romantic foreplay, you can't deny your arousal, and, abandoning all, you help him. Once he's free, he reaches under your skirts, lifting them up and you with them against the wall. Seeing Laurent stroking his cock to hardness sends heat rushing to your core, and you know you're wet when he rubs two fingers against your clit. When he's ready, he flips your skirt up, and brings you flush to him, sinking into you without warning and pinning you up against the wall. With a gasp when he's fully received, you bite down on the nape of his neck, with more hateful intent than necessary. He coughs in surprise, and hammers into you hard in response, causing your eyes to roll back. Never had he handled you so coarsely... it made you want to beg for more. "Want it rough, now, do you?" he growls, "Will you miss my hands tenderly roaming your body?" "No," you hiss back, and he thrusts again, so hard you see stars. "Do remember- I know you inside and out, (y/n). Lying makes you flow like a river, my dearest ." He grits out the last word hatefully, and you seethe. To punctuate his statement, he slips a finger in alongside his cock, stretching you even wider. You gasp, and bite your lip. "You're right. I... I like to lie... oh, god... I'm good at it, too..." "Oh, fuck -" Laurent gasps, his hips stuttering momentarily. Then he starts to pick up a rhythm, your legs wrapping around him as he thrusts his fingers at the same time as his cock. "Don't you remember why we did this?" he asks, the previous bite to his tone almost softening with every thrust, "What we wanted , (y/n)?" "We wanted each other," you whisper back, and he thrusts hard, knocking your back against the wall. "Exactly... oh god, oh god, I've been so stupid..." "Oh, Laurent..." "(y/n), let's leave." "What?" "We have absolutely nothing left here, only death, alcohol and the dawning fate of life behind bars. We've lost our passion, don't you see? This dreary old place is killing us, turning us against each other!" You cover your mouth, realizing he's right. There is absolutely no reason for you two to be having this fight. "Didn't you say you had a farmhouse in the English countryside?" "Yes, but... how are we going to get out there?" you ask softly. Then you remember it- your mother's money. "Yes," he nods, watching you realize. You look down between you two, and nod with him. "We'll away tonight." "Let's away now ," he rasps hoarsely, clutching you close as he rolls his cock in deep, and you scream his name as you come. Laurent thrusts three times fast before spilling inside of you, stifling his cries with a few coughs into your shoulder. Letting you down, he strokes your cheek, then your sore arm where you have bruised fingerprints. "Despite the foolish doubt that may swirl around my mind sometimes... I love you, (y/n)," he whispers, kissing over each mark, "I am forever yours." You breathe in. "And I am yours." You could forgive him... just this once, you could remember what it was like in the past and have confidence your future together would be the same. "I'll fetch a coach," he mutters, and with one last, sweeping kiss of promise, he dashes out, looking around before getting someone for transportation. You think of how nice it will be where nobody can find you... the only people out there will be the people who used to know you as a child, who don't need to know that Laurent is more than just your husband you met in Paris. He's much more than that- and you'll never be apart again. -0-0-0- You're older now- not much older, but old enough to be a mother of one; a young boy. "Good morning, mother," he says, and you look up from your breakfast. "Morning, darling. Is your father up?" "I am!" Laurent grins, stretching and scooping your son up into his arms, "How's our little Griffin?" Your son smiles wide. "I'm very well, daddy." "That's good," he chuckles, setting him down, "What did mother make for breakfast today?" he asks, and Griffin tugs him toward the table. You smile to yourself as you and Laurent share a look, the afterglow of last night's astounding sex still very much present. You feel yourself blush under his hungry gaze, the gaze that always promises more to come soon, and you giggle as he wraps his arms around your waist from behind, distracting you from cleaning the dishes. "Mother's being very good to us this morning, isn't she?" Laurent asks in a deep, promiscuous voice, nipping at your shoulder, and you swat him. "Your father's being naughty- he hasn't eaten his breakfast yet," you admonish. "Maybe we can try and give Griffin a little sister tonight," he whispers in your ear, and your breath hitches. Griffin looks up at him. "Papa, come and sit with me- I've got a question." "Ohhh, alright then, if you insist," Laurent laughs, letting you go and allowing him sit on his knee at the table, "What is it?" Griffin inhales. "Why didn't I ever get to meet Grandma, Papa?" You hear the room fall silent, and your blood runs cold. You can almost feel Laurent's face change, and your eyes slide shut. "Griffin," you start, turning slightly, "We talked about-" "No, it's fine," Laurent cuts you off, and sighs, "Your grandmother was very ill. We did all we could for her, but she died long before you were born." "Why was she sick?" "Some people just... get very sick," you say. "Can we visit her grave?" "Well, her grave is... in France," you explain. "Why?" Griffin asks. "Because that is where I met your mother," Laurent says, tone not as light as it used to be. You brush your foot against his under the table, and he looks at you. "Why couldn't she have just taken some medicine and gotten better?" your son asks. "She couldn't get better, darling." "But mother," he says quietly, "I see grandma in my dreams sometimes." You and Laurent look at each other, and suck in a collective breath. "Enough questions. You have schooling today." "But-!" "None of that," Laurent says, ushering him up and opening the door, "Be home right after the day is done." You turn to him as the door shuts, and he eyes you. "Do you think he'll find out?" you ask nervously, biting your lip. "Of course not," Laurent ensures, running a hand through his hair, "He's a curious child, but he'll forget about dear old grandma soon, and these nonsense dreams. She'll stay buried, where she belongs." You nod, and embrace him, laying your head against his shoulder. "Is she coming back, Laurent? Is she talking to our son?" "No," Laurent answers firmly, "And do you know why? Because this is a new life, with new people, and no evidence against us. When people are dead, they stay dead. Now enough talk of her." He kisses you, and looks into your eyes. "You're safe in my arms." "I know," you whisper back, "I love you." He smiles, and you shake your head. She can't come back. She's dead. Nome of it is real. The thought makes you laugh, then laugh harder. What a silly thought, someone coming back to tell your secrets... it's simple paranoia. You look up, and squint up the staircase... Oh, god. There's a figure... the dark figure has its arms outstretched... "She's coming for me," you breathe, and cover your eyes as you- -Sit up in bed, breathing heavily. "What's wrong?" you hear Laurent mutter sleepily, and he sits up in bed when he sees you in distress, his bare chest exposed in the dark room. You're in Paris... the countryside was all part of the dream. "I had... I had a nightmare," you whisper, looking around, "but... in it, we had a son, and... and somebody found out..." "Shhh," he hushes, cradling you in his arms, "It was just a dream. You're safe now. She's gone, (y/n). She's been gone for years." You nod. Because she is. You can't hold me back in death, you think to her, wherever she is, and close your eyes with a smile, thinking of your beautiful man and how far you've both come. Laurent really was the perfect man to kill for. Chapter 19 : Two Faces Of January: Rydel/Male Reader Summary: On a vacation in Greece, you notice a handsome man eye-fucking you from across a cafe, and decide to act on actually fucking him. Sex was more than a primal thing to Rydel. It was about lust, passion... intense mutual attraction. Of course, that didn't stop him from banging out quickies in the dimosio toualeta with a girl or two from his tour group that day, or possibly taking someone to dinner and then sleeping with them. But it was all done with a heated sort of fervor- the kind that got him into women's panties quite often. Sleeping with a man was the same, but finding a Greek man willing to fuck another man was like looking for sushi at an Indian buffet. That was one thing Rydel missed about living in America- how open he could be about his bisexuality. Here, all he had was all-too-willing ladies and lonely nights filled with fingering himself. Of course, a cock would feel better than two of his fingers, so Rydel did make the pass at a few guys now and then when he really needed it. Once, he got punched in the dick so hard he couldn't use the bathroom for a day. Another time, a guy threatened to call the cops on him. So, women, fingering, and sexed-up American tourists it was. But today, on this date, when he should have been paying attention to the beautiful brunette with the killer legs in front of him and seriously intent on flirting with him, he couldn't tear his eyes away from the enigmatic man at the table across from them: you. The woman sighs, looking down. "She's very beautiful," she remarks, and Rydel blinks in momentary confusion. Oh, Christ. He must look like a total dick- there's a woman sitting alone at the table behind you, and she must think... "Oh, no, no!" Rydel counters, "I wasn't... no, I was looking at him," he admits, then immediately blushes, realizing how that sounded. "Well, just because... he looks like my... dad. Sort of." Shitty excuse. You're wayyy too young to be his dad. But she totally bought it, anyway. Another look to you, and Rydel actually wants to call you daddy. You take a drink from your table on the patio. Visiting Greece had been a great idea... you really need the time to unwind, enjoy yourself without anyone you know around to bother you... and, of course, one of the main reasons you're here- the gorgeous guys. For you, sex was fun, but passion was a whole different story- sex was always better when it's not fast and up against a wall... it can be rough, but intimacy was key, and you had heard that Greek men knew how to do both. Anyway, speaking of gorgeous guys, one keeps eyeing you from across the patio. He's got a striped polo on, with wispy brown hair and the darkest, most sultry eyes you've ever seen, and it currently looks like he's biting his lip in your general direction. Is that his sister or something then? you wonder, looking over to the woman he's with, then shrug. It doesn't matter, really. You raise an eyebrow back at him, and he swallows noticeably, his throat spasming in a way that makes you want to suck on it. He blinks a few times your way, and you smile. What does this guy really want? "Well," the brunette says, smiling across at Rydel, "Why don't we get out of here?" Rydel snaps his attention back to her, suddenly freezing up. "Oh, um..." He swallows again, images of your (y/e/c) eyes flashing through his mind. "Listen, this has been so much fun, but... I have to go." You watch him talk to her, feeling your cock twitch as your eyes trace his expressive body. You have to find some way to break the ice casually... you suddenly get an idea. You meet his eyes again, and then look toward the bathroom. His eyes jump to the bathroom as well, then back to you. A slight nod is all you need, and you get up from your table for one, making your way over to the bathroom. Rydel follows suit, paying then kissing the girl he's with on the cheek in goodbye and following you down to the bathroom. Rydel walks past you, settling beside, and stands against the wall, bare arms crossed. You look over, and feel a blush spread across your cheeks as you get a good look at him... he's even more attractive up close. "Eh, ypárchei kápoios ekeí," he smiles faintly, nodding toward the bathroom. "Oh, I don't speak Greek," you smile back as you slip your hands into your pockets, hoping there wouldn't be a language barrier. Of course, you could work around it if there was, but... "No worries. I said there's someone in there," Rydel explains nervously, and you come a little closer to him. "You American?" "Yeah. Just working here." "Huh," you nod, "You look Greek." He grins a little. "I know. So, you on vacation or something?" "Yeah," you breathe, eyes dropping down. Rydel nods, and silence returns as he notices your eyes on his lips. "Do you like me?" you ask bluntly, looking up at the sunny sky- you ask this half because you want to figure out if you're getting the right signals and half just to hear him say it. He looks up at you, obviously contemplating his answer. "Yes," he replies, voice breaking as he clears his throat. You hum, tracing your finger lightly against his hanging hand, and Rydel turns his body fully to you. "Do you want to fuck me in the bathroom?" he asks, his tone seductive and inviting. You can't bring yourself to answer- the thing was, you don't just want to bang him... you want to take your time with him. That was your problem; you're a stupid, hopeless romantic. The bathroom door suddenly opens, and Rydel hums. "Well... guess I'll see you around," he says softly, and goes back upstairs. "Fuck," you mutter to yourself, running a hand through your hair. You want him... and judging by the look in his eyes, you'll get him. With an eye roll, you decide to go into the stall. When you eventually come out and back up, the man is still there, but he's alone now. Well, good. This game is officially afoot. -0-0-0- Most of the patio café has been deserted once Rydel finds it an appropriate time to reach the end game with this flirting... He's still focused on you, where you're sipping your second glass of wine languidly in the soothing warmth of the setting sun. Then, you get up. The look on his face is almost wanton as you approach, which takes him off guard when you ask suavely, "How much are your tours?" Rydel quirks an eyebrow. "Depends on where I take you." You smirk, finally deciding to end the mysterious charade. "I'm (y/n)." "My name's Rydel." "You busy tonight, Rydel?" "Well," he answers, a smile playing along his full lips, "I wouldn't be sitting here waiting for you if I was." You smirk with him. "Shall we?" -0-0-0- "So- I asked him if I could take his cock in my mouth, and he asked me if I wanted to take gun metal instead!" Rydel tells you, draping an arm around you as you two walk and laugh. Instead of going straight to the hotel as you originally thought, he had actually toured you around, the two of you becoming quite close through the evening. You're not drunk, and neither is he- not by long shot, but you're comfortably relaxed. Despite your friendly exchanges all night, the sexual tension hasn't diffused... it had intensified, if anything. "Y'know, Rydel..." you say slowly, laughter subsiding, "I still want to fuck you." Rydel looks over at you. "I know that." Before both of you know it, his lips are careening into yours, over and over again, with a deep urgency. Rydel pulls away with wide eyes, breath heavy, hair mussed, and lips wonderfully swollen. "God, you're beautiful..." you mutter. Rydel smiles. You can already see the outline of his cock in his shorts in the light of the orangey streetlamp, and you catch him looking at yours as well. "You look huge," he murmurs breathlessly, and you shudder. "I think you're about to test that observation," you joke, and Rydel grins, kissing you again. You cup his smooth, shaven face, and stumble along toward the tour guide's small home down a close back alley of cobblestone. "I wanna see you naked," you whisper, and Rydel is very aware of how fast his own erection is growing at the moment as he lets you in. It's a small, modest room, with a bed and a desk full of photos and letters, but it seems functional, anyway. Your fingers work at getting Rydel's bohemian-style clothes off, and Rydel helps some as well. In no time, your lips are up his neck, fulfilling your fantasy from the patio of sucking his clavicle, and you press him back into his bed. "What is this?" Rydel suddenly murmurs, and you blink. "A torrid night of hot sex," you grin back, and he laughs into your shoulder as you fall back into the creaky bed with him. Rydel rolls on top of you, spreading his legs and lining himself up. He thinks for a second about condoms, but in that second it took, you already have one in your hand. "Grabbed it from my pocket," you wink, and he takes it from you, rolling it onto your hard cock torturously slow. You groan, and when the condom is finally on, you waste no time in pulling him down over your dick; your size does everything to make Rydel mewl as he begins to ride your cock with an experienced pace. "You're so good at taking it," you pant, gripping his muscular hips, "You must do it all the time..." Rydel shudders out a breath. "I do... I'm a slut," he whispers, "I'm a- ohhh- I'm mia pórni... oh, fuck..." Your face twists- he's so god damn tight around you, and you take control, burying yourself deep inside of Rydel. In no time, you're both close, and he mumbles something more in Greek- a dirty slew of curses, no doubt. "I thought you were... American," you choke out. "What can I say?" Rydel shrugs, rolling his hips down perfectly, "Greek is a sexy language." With a cry from you and a drawn out groan from him, you both hit your peaks, and Rydel lays a hand across your heaving chest. "That was so... good," he mumbles, dragging his softening cock against your leg as the last shivers of his orgasm fade. With a huff of breath, he snuggles into you... and you don't mind a bit. -0-0-0- The next morning, you wake up to Rydel by the table, writing something. He's got a thinly-rolled cigar he's smoked down pretty far, and a small cup of black coffee by his hand. You run a hand through your hair, and blink through bleary eyes. "Morning." "Yes, it is," he nods with a hazy smile. "How much longer are you here for?" he asks, stunning out his cigarette and offering you his coffee. You take a sip, nodding in thanks, then hand it back as he joins you on the bed. He's wearing a dirty white tank top that barely conceals his lithe muscles, and you eye his pert, pink nipples that prominently contrast his olive skin through the material. "After last night?" you inhale, "A long fucking time." You wink again at the handsome tour guide beside you, and your lover eagerly connects your lips again with a smile. Chapter 20 : Ex Machina: Nathan Bateman/Female Reader Three Summary: You are selected to visit your boss, Nathan Bateman's, home in Alaska, but your body isn't quite prepared for the sexy man you meet there- and how protective he is of you. (Based on two prompts from tumblr: "What if someone else was invited over to Nathan's home? And what if she was a physicist and majorly obsessed with the idea of AI tech? Could you make a lemon for them like in the lab or something?" and "Could you maybe write one where Nathan finds reader masturbating to him?") Notes: Based on two different tumblr prompts: Nathan jealous of Caleb hitting on you/ fucking in the lab, and Nathan catching you masturbating to him. :) You sit down at your computer, firing it up and finding your place in the code you had been writing the day before. Your hangover isn't as bad as you thought it would be from last night, which is a good thing- you won't catch the attention of your manager, who then won't report it to Mr. Bateman, head of the company. The idea of the guy scared you- nobody knew what the he looked like, only that he was a little kooky, and he lived in Alaska or something. You work for the biggest search engine created: Bluebook. It's the best job you've ever taken, but you feel right at home with everyone, and on the flip side, you're one of the company's most talented programmers, aside from Caleb Smith, your coworker. Caleb's cute- there's no denying that. He's a tall, sweet guy, with a so-awkward-it's-funny type sense of humor and pretty good looks. Someone who you'd probably never think to date... somebody who would ask someone like you out. Not that you were putting yourself in any category, but there were some laws of attraction that applied here. You begin to catch onto the line you were working on yesterday- an easy results page coding project; high school level at most. if randint == (1, 2) print "(_search_proxy code44) (import: graphic_intel "9.jpeg") Displaying (1, 2) in (time) seconds" Just as you're about to determined the specified code for the imported graphic, you feel someone brush past you from behind. "Morning, (y/n)," you hear a shy voice smile. You minimize your program, and turn to Caleb, who works at the desk next to yours. "Hey, Caleb," you grin, "How was your night?" "Oh, pretty normal. Listened to some Depeche Mode... made, uh... dinner." "Sounds fun," you smile. "Yeah, it was alright. What did you do?" "Got drunk." "Oh. Was it a good party?" he tries to joke, and you raise an eyebrow at him. "Party?" Caleb pales, and shakes his head suddenly. "There was no party... right... god, sorry." You laugh. "It's fine. I was just up really late last night reading a book on AI development... some scientists say we're so close to the creation of artificial intelligence, we can taste it." Caleb smiles at the excitement in your eyes. "That's pretty cool." You tone down your ecstasy for a second. "Yeah, it is." As you turn back to your blinking line of code, you hear him speak again. "So... (y/n), I was thinking... wait, first... okay, there's no smooth way to ask this- at least for me- but, are you seeing anyone right now?" You turn away from your computer screen, contemplating whether to say yes just to keep him from asking you out, but those hopeful green eyes just condemn your dishonest thoughts. "No." He brightens a little, then clears his throat. "Would you wanna maybe catch a movie? Or... if you'd like, I can take you for dinner first." Ah... the ol' dinner and movie date. For some reason, you hate conventional dates like that. You hate conventional people . It's nothing against the people; it's just your way of life, and who you're attracted to. "I don't think I can," you grimace, and he falters a little, brushing his carrot orange hair out of his eyes. He seems to get the message, which, at least, is nice, and nods. "Oh, okay. Well, have a nice day, (y/n)," he nods, and turns to his own computer, putting in his headphones and plugging into some music as he works. You sigh. Sometimes you wonder why you can't just want to get in bed with a nice guy like that. Caleb is literally the perfect man- except for the fact that you couldn't imagine a guy like him spanking you and admonishing bad behavior with sex. Of course, that's not everything you look for in a partner... it's just that the spontaneity of someone like that turns you on. Suddenly, Caleb taps your shoulder one more time, and you look over. "(y/n), I just wanted to say- I know you see me as... just a friend, but I want you to know that I think you're really pretty, and-" Just then, a ding alert goes off on your monitor, signifying an email. "Thank you Caleb, but sorry, gotta check this," you smile apologetically, then open an email. You really did feel bad for blowing him off like this, and you felt really bitchy for it, but this subject was promising... Dear lucky Bluebook employee, You have just been selected to visit Nathan Bateman, creator and CEO of the Bluebook search engine! As Mr. Bateman is a very busy man, you will be immediately flown out tomorrow to his private residence in Alaska. Pack extremely lightly, and remember that cameras or recording devices of any kind are strongly prohibited. Congratulations! You blink once, then twice, then wonder if you had read it right. Then you let out a squeal- you've looked up to Nathan for as long as you can remember... a child genius, he had written the code for Bluebook at the age of thirteen, which is absolutely brilliant. He had also been very vocal about his hopes of AI coming to light in upcoming years, which made you respect him even more. You were so excited to meet the mind behind all of this; the two of you would have so much to talk about. -0-0-0- The helicopter ride there is very comfortable. It's tastefully furnished and luxurious, the same as Nathan's place when you arrive- but your boss is still nowhere in sight. It's late at night, as the ride over took a long time (well, it is Alaska you're flying to). When you get through his security system at the front, the sound of punches hitting a bag of sand echo from the patio, and you look around. Who works out this late at night?! You feel butterflies in your already flip-flopping stomach- maybe the stories circulating around the office are true. Maybe he's an oddball who doesn't know how to speak proper English anymore, who only eats freeze dried food and has a hunchback due to long hours coding in front of a computer, and- Oh Jesus lord . The bearded man standing there, punching the bag and wiping his brow, was motherfucking sexy . Your eyes run over the bulging muscles of his arms, up to the fitted grey tank, clinging to his chest with sweat. His black shorts hang low on his hips, and you catch a snail trail that you would give your kidneys to follow... When he catches you staring out of the corner of his eye, he turns, grinning and unwrapping his hands. "Oh my god, (y/n)!" he pants through heavy breaths, "You're here- it's so good to see you." You fix your hair inconspicuously, compose yourself, and put your best smile on before shaking his hand. "Hello, Mr. Bateman. It's such an honor to be working with someone like-!" "Hold up," he says, putting a hand up. You blink. "I don't want this to be..." he searches for the words, squinting, "A boss-employee thing, y'know? Can it just be (y/n) and Nathan, chilling out and talking about cool crap, regardless of hierarchy bullshit?" You start to smile, dispelling the last of the rumors. "Y-yeah. For sure." "Great," he smiles, "You want a beer?" "I'd love one, thank you." He saunters over to his fridge, and opens it up, tossing you a bottle. After taking a drink from his own and wiping his mouth, he grins at you. "I wasn't fucking around when I said I was happy to see you; I hand-picked who I wanted to work with me here, and you've been on my radar for months, ever since you started working for me." " Really ?" you ask excitedly. "Oh yeah," he nods, taking another drink, "This is probably gonna sound a little creepy, but your manager has been reporting on your progress to me. I've sort of been..." he cocks his head, "Following your work?" You honestly aren't creeped out in the slightest- above all you're deeply flattered, but you don't want to come off as immature in any way. "Um," you smile, "Cool." "Yeah, you are pretty cool," Nathan nods, "Which is why I want you to witness, first hand, the birth of A.I." Your heart stops. Your eyes widen. Your breath doesn't come out for a second, but when it does, you're basically choking. "Did you say-?" "Artificial intelligence," Nathan grins, adjusting his glasses, "Yep." Your mouth hangs open. "Oh my fucking god." "Right?!" Nathan laughs, and you shake your head. "But... how?!" "That," he swallows another sip of beer, "Will all be explained tomorrow. Tonight, I need you to sign some non-disclosure agreements, okay?" "Yeah," you breathe, "Anything." "Anything, hm?" he repeats slowly, then smiles. "Good." Leaving his bottle on the counter, he beckons for you to follow. As you watch him walk ahead of you, you survey the house you're in- it's just as huge down the hallways as it is when you first walk in. Eventually, despite your attempts to distract your brain with the house, your gaze finds its way back to Nathan... and the way Nathan's ass shakes as he walks. God, you just want to grab onto it while he fucks you against a wall or something, and- "So, this will be your room," he interrupts your thoughts, and you immediately forget about your unwarranted fantasies. "I know it's a little strange without windows, but you get used to it." "Can I ask... why there aren't?" you inquire cautiously. "Sure, you can ask anything," he shrugs, clasping his hands together, "See, these walls are wired with so much power I could lasso the moon. Installing windows would be counterproductive when trying to maximize space and usage." "Right," you nod, because this made sense. It was just... like Nathan said, something you would have to get used to. "The contract," Nathan announces, and pulls a sheet off of the counter by the sink of your bathroom. He comes over, half lidded eyes almost sultry as they gaze at you. "You can't take pictures, record me, record my work, blah blah, all that fine print shit, got it?" You nod, and he slides you the paper for you to read yourself. Giving it a quick skim, you realize it's a little more restrictive than a standard non-disclosure; no use of personal devices except for entertainment purposes, repossession of said devices may occur if found in violation of contract at the end of the week. You're also signing that it's alright to be filmed at all times- all hours of the day and night. You don't mind that, but it doesn't specify where you'd be filmed... Of course, you assume it would only be for scientific testing purposes, so for something like this, it had to be a restrictive issue anyway. You sign the contract, and he smiles. "Awesome. I know you've got a passion for A.I. research, so I was pretty excited to share this stuff with you. It's pretty late, so I'll let you hit the sack." Just as he's about to leave, he turns, quirking his eyebrow a little over his glasses. "I look forward to working with you, (y/n)." You nod with a professional, tight-lipped smile, and when you're sure the door has clicked closed, your knees buckle, sending you collapsing into the bed dramatically. This is a predicament. You're wet for your hot as fuck multi-billionaire boss, who could extinguish your career with one wrong look. Not that he would, because from what you've seen of him, he seemed like the most laid back, relaxed guy you've ever met, but still . The worst part was, he seemed like he was interested too. Why couldn't you have just said yes to Caleb? Because Caleb didn't have Nathan's dictatorial eyes. He didn't have Nathan's arms, or Nathan's lips... You wash up, and go to bed... hopefully, a good night's rest will clear your mind a little. -0-0-0- You wake up in the middle of the night, rolling over and groaning. The dream you had been having was so vivid... you could still feel every touch to your body, every word uttered. Eyes closed, fading in and out of sleep, your left hand is trailing up and down your torso, teasing the skin lightly under your nightshirt, barely even noticeably so. The cool touch makes you shiver, and you suddenly realize just how much your boss has gotten under your skin. Touching yourself in his house didn't seem like a great idea, but seriously- who would really know? You allow yourself a little fun as you slide your hand down to cup yourself, rubbing slow circles around your clit and biting your lip. Dipping two fingers into your warm wetness, you pump them in a few times before really stretching yourself. It's not long before you add a third, and you're close to letting a moan slip as you graze your g-spot, thinking of Nathan's huge cock inside of you. "Ah," you gasp softly, and you can't help the groan that rips from your throat as you stroke yourself perfectly again. Down the hall, Nathan is on his way to his bedroom from where he had fallen asleep in the living room, and he stops, hearing the noise coming from your room. Intrigued, he stays, and hears another moan... he instantly realizes what you're doing, and his cock twitches. One more minute waiting- he hears his name, and suddenly, he's on his way to the monitor room, tapping in a code, and turning on the feed for the camera in your room. It's facing your bed, and he has a perfect view of everything . "Oh, god," you allow yourself to moan, oblivious to being watched, "Yes... Mr. Bateman... oh, fuck yeah, right there... Nathan... ahhh..." You shudder as you come on your fingers, and your chest heaves up and down in the darkened room. Nathan watches from his monitor with hooded eyes, stroking himself through his pants at the sight of you going at it alone while thinking of him. He shifts in his seat as your toes curl, and your back visibly arches with your orgasm- Nathan comes not long after, imagining himself in the tight pussy that you've currently got three fingers in deep. Time for bed , you think back in the room, and happily crawl under the covers, satisfied for the time being and just a little bit guilty. Still... despite your talented fingers, it would feel so much better to come on Nathan's cock... You breathe out, rubbing your temples. Ugh... brain, off. -0-0-0- "So... how'd you sleep?" Nathan asks you, sitting across from you while eating some cereal. "Amazing," you yawn with a blissed out smile, "Best sleep I've had in ages." "Uh huh," he says with an amused smirk, and you cock your head a little. "Anyway," you start apprehensively, "What do we have on the boards for today?" He rubs his hands together, clearing his plate and yours. "I thought I'd show you the lab, give you a run down on the parts that make Ava tick... but most importantly- her brain." You almost have a fangasm, biting down hard on your lip. "Omigod that's really fucking cool," you breath quickly, and he grins, nodding. "It totally is." He leads you into the lab, and you run a hand through your hair, hoping the flush to your face doesn't give away last night's, er... events . You can't believe this is happening to you... you're about to learn all about how an actual, real life A.I. was put together- this is all your wildest dreams come true today. Nathan walks over, stroking his beard as he picks up a brain that's made out of gel in one hand. "This is it," he smiles proudly, looking down at it through his glasses, "Ava's brain. It's molecularly fluent, which is why it's not a solid piece of quote unquote anatomy." You marvel at what Nathan is holding, and he passes it, letting you hold it too. "So she's obviously a humanoid model..." "Oh yeah. I designed her that way." Suddenly, the mood shifts, and Nathan's eyes are on you, a little more intensely than before. "Can I ask you something, (y/n)?" You nod slowly. "Of course." "Does Caleb Smith hitting on you make you uncomfortable?" Your heart skips a beat. "Wha... how did you...?" "Remember your manager? Remember how he reports back to me like a good little spy?" he asks, scrunching up his nose, and you gulp. "Y-yes..." "Well, he sees Caleb trying to make moves on you. He sees how you react... you flirt back sometimes." "I-" "I think," Nathan interjects, "Someone needs to be reminded who's really in charge." You gasp, and he grabs your arms, pulling you in for a kiss. You want to push him away- everything in you is saying this is not a good idea at all, but those parts of you are quickly silenced when you feel Nathan's hard cock through his sweatpants. Well... you did come while imagining him last night. "For someone so rich," you tease, "You wear a lot of sweats." He grins against the corner of your mouth, his beard tickling your neck pleasantly. "You're the first one to come around here for years... what's the point in getting dressy if when no one's here to see you but robots?" You shrug your agreement, and he presses kisses down your chest, stopping at your breasts. "Can Caleb Smith do this?" he asks playfully, and lists you up, licking under your neckline and sucking on your nipples. You jerk in his grasp, and he sucks harder, causing you to squirm. You're wet and desperate- a vulnerable position you normally don't like to be in, but, here you have it- your hot boss is sexy and actually wants you back. Nathan clears the table behind you two of its power tools and stray sketches, and props you up, getting you ready for him. With a whisper of your name, he pushes into you, supporting you by keeping his hands under your knees. After a couple of thrusts, he stops for a moment. "I heard you last night." Your eyes fly open. "W-what?" Maybe he was talking about something else... maybe he was talking about you singing along to your music before bed- "I heard you touching yourself and moaning my name," Nathan says so nonchalantly it could be passes off as a normal conversation. "I saw you on the cams, and... god, you were so fuckin' into it, man... you really want my cock that bad?" You gasp again, and moan, rolling down onto him. You're not really sure if you should feel embarrassed, violated, or turned on, but Nathan's sure got you leaning toward the latter. "So good," he whispers, "I bet Caleb couldn't fuck you like this." "I bet he couldn't," you mumble in reply. "That's right... nobody can but me." You say Nathan's name as his breath quickens; his thrusts are hard and fast, inching the table back a little more every time "You're mine," Nathan reiterates, trailing his soft lips around yours. "Did you touch your cock while watching me last night?" you coo in his ear, exhaling in a pleasures sigh as he thrusts again. "Yes," he growls back, "I fucked my fist imagining it was you... I wanted to fuck you since you started working for me, (y/n)." You glance at him, regarding his expression, which is currently lost in the sensations. "Is that why you hired me?" you ask teasingly, "Is that why you invited me here, sir? To fuck me?" He stops for a second, catching his breath and wiping his brow. "No. I hired you because you've got a brilliant mind, and you're an asset to my company. I invited you here because you've got a deep interest in AI and your mental capacity far supersedes any of your coworkers in that department. The fucking is just," he extends his arms, "A cherry on top. A great way to..." he presses a gentle kiss to your cheek, "Unwind... to have a little fun while you're here..." he shrugs. "I mean, if you're gonna exist, why not enjoy it, right?" You grin, and attack his mouth again with renewed vigor. Nathan goes back to fucking you, and you feel him hit your g-spot, sending you crying out. "Don't stop, ohgodplease..!" you exclaim, gasping as you hold onto him. "Gonna come on my cock (y/n)?" he asks, those sultry eyes staring right at you through his glasses that he miraculously still has on. You gingerly pull them off, and set them on the table as you connect your foreheads. One more roll of his hips, and you're coming, shouting his name and digging your nails into his back. "Ahh... (y/n)," he whispers, and he pulls out just in time for his climax to hit him, ropes of cum hitting your stomach as he jerks himself through his orgasm. He kisses you one last time, sloppy and sticky, and you both sit back against the lab table, catching your breath. He starts to laugh, and you join in, the lab filling with the sound of your giggles as what just happened catches up with you. "That was fun," he pants, and you smile at him. "It was... now show me what I fucking came here for, Mr. Bateman- I wanna see an A.I." Nathan grins at you, raising an eyebrow and taking your hand. Chapter 21 : The Force Awakens: Poe/Female Reader Summary: During a pin-up propaganda shoot, your commander, Poe Dameron, makes eyes at you. This is definitely going somewhere tonight... Notes: So I made Poe bicurious in this because I SIMPLY CANNOT IMAGINE HIM AS STRAIGHT. Lol but I feel like it doesn't matter, cause there's so much diversity in the SW universe that sexuality just seems a stupid thing to get nitpicky over. *hides* Hope you like it! (This chapter was based on two tumblr prompts: "A smutty Poe and fem!reader where reader is a pilot too and loves to call him Commander during??" and "Would love to see a dominant!Poe story. There are lots of great fics with him being gentle and loving but sometimes a girl just needs some dirty talk and tying up.") The tight material of your orange and white costume is snug against your body. You're slightly uncomfortable, but not for the reason people would assume- you would rather be in the cockpit of an X-wing than parading around in a bikini that makes your boobs look five times bigger than they are. "How you doin', gorgeous?" one of your closest friends, Snap Wexley, winks at you jokingly, and you growl at the bearded pilot. "Temmins, you get into a kriffing bikini and let people take pictures of you- then you'll understand just how weird this is." "Maybe I will," he retorts petulantly. " I think you look great," Jess cuts in, chewing on a stick of amber-root, "Flaunt it if you got it, 'swat I say." "When have you ever said that?!" you snap, readjusting your top for the thousandth time, "You're against objectification!" Jess rolls her eyes. "Pin up propaganda is for the benefit of the Resistance- if it brings in troops, I don't really care how it's done. Hun, you look good- trust me." "Don't look now," Snap murmurs, "But Poe's shamelessly checking you out." "Poe Dameron is gay!" you cry in frustration, gazing over at the strikingly attractive Black Leader. "Exactly," Snap adds, raising a challenging eyebrow, and leaves you alone with the photographer, who's a Bothan volunteer. " Come over here, and puff your chest out ," is what the statement translates too as the Bothan begins positioning you against an X-wing on the tarmac, and you sigh, giving a wide, bright smile and kicking your leg up. You hear a couple whistles from the helpers gathered, then to your relief, you hear General Organa call out, "Okay people, this isn't a peep show, if you're not in the shoot, get out and do your job!" You see Poe smirk at you, and blush a little under his gaze. He's wearing his usual uniform, but it's unzipped prominently down to his snail trail, showing off his groomed chest hair and toned arms. Any skin that's bare on his body has been oiled, and you have to admit, he looks really, really good- there's a reason why he's the Resistance's go-to poster boy. Your hair tumbles down your back for the next photo, a spread of you lying against the hood and winking. A few shots are taken, and you begin to see the fun in this. Maybe it not all bad... it's even making you feel a little sexy. "Biree! Jastra !" the Bothan compliments you, then motions for you to switch positions. You lift a leg up, almost dangling from the wing. After a few more... athletic poses, your shoot is finished, and you're passed a sweater as you wait on the side. "Well," you hear, "I thought you said you were camera shy... lieutenant." You turn, and snort. "Commander." Inhaling, you look at your handsome fellow pilot. "My duty is to the Resistance, and whatever they ask of me." "I'm glad they asked you to take off your clothes," he mumbles in your ear. "Um, whatever happened to Jope Alateen ?" you tease, bringing up the last guy Poe was seen with. He smirks, plump lips turning up. "He's history." "Siln Lordess?" "One night's stand. Hot one, but still only one." " Zungher Jaxx?" "Complete nerf-herder." You huff a laugh. "So, you're horny and you think you've got the best chance with me tonight because I'm letting my tits hang out?" "Come on, you know anybody here'll have sex with me," Poe winks, and Jess walks by, coughing, "Not me!" Poe rolls his eyes, and looks back to you. "Anyway, I just..." he shrugs, smiling, "I like you, that's all. And... you're wearing a very small, very tight bikini right now, and this is all very confusing for me because I go for guys, but... what is gender, y'know? Who gives a kark? I want to fuck the shit out of you right now because you look beautiful, (y/n), boy or girl." You blink, wishing that didn't go straight to your nether regions. But Poe is a total charmer... and it did. "Are you asking me to bed, commander?" you ask softly with a quirked eyebrow, and he smiles in amusement. "You could say that." "Couldn't you just go find someone at a bar?" Immediately after saying that, though, you wish you didn't give him that idea for some reason. "But I don't want just anybody- I want you." You look down, grinning. You're about to answer when he's called up for his shoot. The first one is of him in the cockpit, splayed out with his legs open and his hands behind his head. The next is him bending over the front of the X-Wing, back arched and ass up, wiping a dirty cloth around. The third is him leaning against the ship, holding his helmet in one hand and unzipping himself halfway with the other while licking his lips. More hoots and hollers of appreciation arise when Poe makes a show of it- because of course he does - and he winks at a few of the guys that had whistled for him. "Jesus," you mutter, and he sends a kiss your way. Shivering, you tug the sweater tighter, and Poe gets one more photo- him flexing his arms, comefuckme eyes droopy and inviting. He looks dangerous- the perfect embodiment of that bad boy archetype . "Pesh Oktram," the Bothan titters, and you raise your eyebrows. Both of you? He ushers you and Poe together, and it asks him to dip you. You pose this way, him smiling down at you, and then it's a pose standing back to back, arms crossed and looking as badass as possible. Then, the shoot is over. On your way out, you hear Leia flipping through the shots, going, "Why do I feel like we just did a shoot for Playbot?" "We'd have to be droids to make the cut for that," Poe retorts, "Don't give BB-8 any ideas, I'm sure he'd be a natural." You giggle, and Poe comes up behind you. "Great job," he grins, oozing his usual irresistible charisma, and you smile back at him. "You too... you still wanna fuck me, commander?" He bites his lip. "Meet me in my quarters in two minutes- don't wanna draw any attention, lieutenant." "In counting," you nod, and you two part ways for the time being. Walking swiftly, you take the long route to his Commander's quarters, and finally knock once you're sure it's been long enough. It opens, and the second you're inside, you feel his hands on you. "Gotta touch you," he growls, and you shed your sweater, revealing the clothing from the pin up session. "I want you on your knees," Poe whispers, and you frown. "Seriously?" He lifts his eyebrows. "You're okay with that, right?" "Well... yeah, I just... never pegged you for a..." "Top?" he smirks, then goes over to a drawer to get something. "I don't top... but it's not like you can top, unless you have a strap on with you. And tonight, seein' you like this when all I've ever seen you in is the uniform... it's getting me so hard. And," he ghosts his lips up your neck, "I wanna be in control tonight, off-duty." You bite your lip, and get on your knees, sticking your ass up. He trails his hand down your back, and reveals what he pulled out of the drawer- binding tape that you pilots use to hold over cracks in your X-Wings. "Hands out," Poe orders, and you grin. "Yes, commander." His nostrils flare with interest, and he binds your wrists together, pushing you forward against the bed. "Spread your legs for me, lieutenant," he rasps, voice already wrecked, and you swallow, inching your knees further apart on the ground. He pushes you flat onto the bed, and soon, you can feel his clothed erection rubbing against your ass. You yelp in surprise when you suddenly feel his stubble on the backs of your thighs, and you moan out loud as his tongue darts out, parting your folds. "Shit," you mutter, "You're good at this." He grins. "I've had lots of practice with my tongue." Damn, if that doesn't make you soak your standard issue panties. He delves a little deeper, and moans himself. You jerk against your binding. "Wanna touch your body," you breath, "You're so sexy..." Poe presses kisses to the small of your back, purposefully avoiding the area your hands are tied. "You like to talk in bed... we aren't gonna need a gag too, are we?" You glare at him, but your anger melts away as you hear the zip of his uniform and the rustle of it coming all the way off. "Please," you whimper, gulping in air, "I want to see it." You hear him shudder behind you, obviously affected by this statement, so he flips you around. Your pupils dilate when you see how thick his cock is. Oh god... it's big, and it's perfectly proportioned too. "I want to blow you so fucking bad, sir," you whine, grinding your hips down into the mattress desperately. Your tone surprises you; not an hour ago, you were your sassy, rebellious self, and now, you're reduced to a needy little slut for your superior officer. "Please?" "Well... I'm not about to refuse that," he grins, "Not when you asked so nicely." He stands in front of you, positioning the tip of his cock at your lips and smearing a little pre-cum along them. You dart your tongue out in a hungry lick, and he draws back a little. " Ah ah ah ... wait until I say you can start..." He nudges the smooth head of his stiff cock into your mouth gingerly; you don't dare make a move, even though you want to swallow him down so bad it's making you uncomfortable. You wriggle around a little, so wet that you can feel your arousal pooling by now. You hum lightly, hoping to urge him on through the vibration, and he suddenly runs a hand through your hair. Once his cock is almost fully seated inside of your mouth, he nods. "Okay, suck me off." You let out a gratified moan, and move your head with each lick. Your cheeks hollow out, and you take him to the back of your throat, enveloping him in the tight heat. "Oh (y/n)... god, you're a... ah... a natural... that's it, get the- yeah ." You wriggle your hips again, and he pulls you off of him. "How wet are you for me?" "So fucking wet, commander," you reply, gazing up at him prettily. "You want my cock in you?" he whispers, tilting your chin up to look at his naked body. You moan, wishing you could run your hands over the ridges of his hard muscle, but since you can't, you squirm some more. " Yes ." "Yes, what?" "Yes, commander , I want your cock in me." Poe smiles smugly, and lets go of you, allowing you to climb back onto the low bed. He makes sure your hands are secure, then binds you again so that your wrists are tied to the headboards. You let out a frustrated grumble, but Poe pays it no attention as he rolls on a condom, lining up and burying himself halfway in. "Agh!" you choke, biting your lip. He doesn't stop, lifting you and tossing your calves over his shoulder as he kneels between your legs, fucking you in earnest. "Poe... Poe," you gasp, the sexy pilot between your legs unrelenting and rough. "Maker, you're gonna break me!" His brows furrow, and he goes harder, knocking you against the headboard with every angled thrust. Your eyes roll back with the intense pleasure of his hard cock sliding in rhythmically- and that lip bite he keeps doing, trying to muffle his groans with his teeth- ugh. "You look so good," his breath hitches, "You look so nice, taking my cock like a good girl... my slutty little girl..." "Fuck me harder," you moan, "Please... oh, commander ..." He groans, and his thrusts get erratic as he nears completion. "I'm so close," you almost sob, and he hammers in full force, athleticism paying off. "Why do you-" you gasp, "-get in bed with so many people?" Poe smiles. "I'm an adrenaline junkie- you know that." Then he leans in, and gives you the best kiss of your life (followed by the best orgasm of your life), and comes not long after you do, both of your slick bodies sticking to each other. When you pull away, his lips are swollen and spit-slick, and his hair is tousled- it's a good look. Your wrists are sore, and so are your shoulder muscles from straining so hard against the restraints. Poe places gentle kisses along the light bruising. "Did it hurt bad?" he winces, and you smile, shaking your head. "I liked it like that, sir ." He smirks at the title, and nuzzles into your shoulder. "Wanna cuddle?" You contemplate this, and decide to take advantage of the fact that you just slept with your squadron leader and he's invited you to stay. "Kriffin' yeah, I do." Chapter 22 : Robin Hood: Prince John/Female Reader Summary: Enraged by your husband's deceptive vows as acting King of England, your angry confrontation leads to passionate retaliation. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Your steps echo around the tall walls of the castle as you irately storm to your bedroom, where you just know he's lounging around uselessly. The grand door bangs open as you step inside, jaw clenching and unclenching along with your restless fists. "England is in shambles." He doesn't look up from the scripture he's studying, eyes half lidded and disinterested. "Is it?" You sneer a little, walking forward further into the room and letting the door fall shut. You wish to high heaven you could wipe that smug look off of his face. "You know damn well it is, you have eyes that still can see," you bite out. John makes a little noise, and you aren't sure if it's one of acknowledgement or one of mockery- you never can tell. "Is that any way to talk to your King?" he asks innocently, placing a hand over his chest. "King," you smile sardonically, allowing yourself a light laugh, "Ha! What you have done to this country is shameful. I shy away from exercising such a title- your brother is a better man than you'll ever be." The last words out of your mouth snap with venom, and you're glad- you almost feel remorse with the knowledge you possess of your husband's intention to murder Richard, for the sole fact that he is a better king than John could ever hope to be. John blinks languidly. "And I suppose he fucks better than I?" You suck in a breath. Nobody fucks better than you, is what's on the tip of your tongue, but you don't dare say that out loud right now. Instead, you settle for, "I wouldn't know, pig." The fire crackles warmly as John finally heaves himself off of the bed, spreading his arms at the insult. "What is all this? What have I done to merit such," he reaches forward, gently brushing a strand of hair out of your eyes, "hate and repulsion? From my wife, of all?" You swallow, looking away bitterly. "Not repulsion, my lord... hate, perhaps." "Then what, pray tell?" he further inquires, trailing his lips along your neck and planting soft, open mouthed kisses along your skin; each kiss leaves a wet pathway. You almost lean into the touch, because your husband's hands and lips are magical and talented and almost make you lose sight of your anger, but- You push him off, closing your eyes and taking in a breath. "Not every problem can be solved by coupling, certainly not the country's." John pulls away, frowning as he realizes his tactics are leading him no closer to getting laid. "Speak then, if you must," he drawls boredly, flopping back onto the bed, and you feign a sugar-sweet smile. "How very kind." You follow him to his bedside, sticking out an accusatory finger. "You, husband , are no more worthy of kingship than a brothel whore is for the Cloth." John stares up at you, something flashing through those cyan blue eyes. Finally- you hit his Achilles heel . "I will have no such thing said of me in my castle." "Perhaps you shall, so that you may have a rude awakening," you retort, and he flinches angrily. "No more." "You'll ruin us!" "ENOUGH!" he shouts, shooting up and grabbing your jaw, backing you against a wall and over a table as a wine glass shatters against the ground. Tears form in your eyes, and you exhale shakily. "You may silence me, but you cannot silence England." John's furious expression softens, and he begins to laugh. Then the laughter continues, and he lets you go, backing away. "Oh, I don't intend to, my love. What's the bloody point?" You frown as he smirks. " Let them speak! I shall let the beggars and all the lowly peasants speak, my dearest, until their throats begin to bleed. All of their own accord," he adds with a devilish smile. You balk. "You monster. You're a traitor to the crown... I don't know why I married you." "You married me because we're in love." "Are we?!" He once again glares at you, running a hand through his hair in exasperation and turning back around fully. He decides to humor you. "What would you have me do, hm?!" he exclaims, "Provide every man in England with a sack of gold and a castle of his own?! Well, I daresay, you should be running this country, you're damn brilliant-! " You go to slap him across the face, but he catches your wrist first in a vice grip, leaning in so close that your lips are mere inches apart. His warm breath mingles with yours as he stares down at your lips. "Would you like to try that again, my sweet?" Your gaze flickers down to his plump lips as well, and your body shudders. "You have no power over me..." you whisper, and his smirk returns. "No? I could swear the sheets are still stained with your pleasure after last night. Do you remember what we did?" You swallows as he goes on. "What I... did to you...?" "I remember," you mumble. "Then tell me again," he breathes, lifting up your skirts to reveal the crotchless underwear you're wearing from this morning, "How I have no power." You eye him wearily, and your own eyes slide shut as he latches his lips onto your core, sucking gingerly and precisely on your clit. You gasp as you listen to the wet noises he's making. "Oh..." you grip his hand, threading your fingers through his hair, "Bed me..." "I intend to," he says, standing up and wiping his mouth, "You're mine." he leans in, kissing the corner of your lips and trailing his lips up your ear, "Just as England is, when Richard is dead." You throw your arms around him, and he carries you back to the grand bed, illuminated in the soft firelight, all the while driving his tongue into your mouth passionately. "Mmm," he mumbles, "So wanton... such love behind these actions." "I love you," you breathe, "I do... it's only that I simply..." "Yes?" he inquires, taking himself out of his clothing, and you bite your lip, staring up at him. "I simply... ohh..." He presses kisses to your bare chest, and you take him in your arms again. "I question us... our devotion to each other sometimes... and I simply don't know how our union came to pass, you know. Your mother detests me... she thinks I'm too idealistic." John huffs. "I couldn't care less what the old bat thinks," he replies as he usually does: dismissively. You shrug- Eleanor is a smart woman, there was no denying that. You really don't know why you don't get along. "She'll see the light one day, my dear, don't you worry," John tells you, "But what she says of our marriage is truly irrelevant when I have the most beautiful woman in the kingdom by my side." He moves his lips to your torso and beginning to remove your layers with his teeth. "Let me do the pleasuring," you whisper, and with a slight nudge, you flip positions and roll on top of him. Missionary is standard in bed, but you know how John likes to mix it up, so you love changing positions every now and again. You remember last time, when he had you on all fours, or the time before that, when he had both your legs hiked behind your head, slamming you against the headboard- it was your willingness to dabble in unorthodox sexual situations that kept your husband from taking mistresses. "Oh, lord," John breathes, biting his lip as you sink down over his hardness, "Darling, that's beautiful..." You let out a soft sigh, caressing his chest with your swollen lips. Despite your flaring anger for him, your present wealth of lust overpowers it slightly. "John," you whisper, "Oh, John, so big..." He grins, closing his eyes. "Call me King." You glare up at him without stopping your rocking onto his cock. "Not this night." He raises an eyebrow. "Ah. So you would rather me roll over and fall asleep?" You growl at his undying manipulation, which he seems to take unnatural delight in, and leaning in, you whisper, "Make love to me, King John." He moans a little, drawing your body closer to him with every gentle, rocking motion. The steady pace is building your climax slowly but surely in your quivering pussy, and John nuzzles your breasts as they slide against his golden chest. "You astonish me," he mumbles, brushing the hair that had mostly come out of its proper bun from before, "One moment you can be a raging bitch, and the next, you're my submissive, pretty little wife. That's why I love you so much, my dear." You frown, clenching your teeth at his scathing words. "I suppose you expect me to forgive that... just because I'm... mmm... having sex with you, you bastard, doesn't mean I- oohh... I feel any particularly deep adoration for you at present." He chuckles deeply, sending shivers down your overheated body, and he slides his fingers between you two, reaching down to massage your clit. Your hips buck in reaction, causing his cock to delve even deeper inside of you and hit a spot that makes you cry out. He rubs his finger lower, then brings it up, slick with your wetness. "You were saying?" Your eyebrows knit together as you near the edge, abandoning all now for the sheer purpose of coming together with John. He senses your urgency, and kisses you on the lips in fleeting intervals, pulling your ass down toward his hips with every thrust he makes into you from beneath. "Yes... yes, oh, there , don't stop," you gasp, clutching the pillow he's lying on. You lean down to kiss him, and he slips his tongue into your mouth, his styled goatee scratching your chin. "Tell me how good a king I'll be once my brother's dead and gone," John smiles, pistoning his hips up. You gasp, and suck on your lower lip, refusing to answer. He stops moving, and you let out a sob. "Please, I need- I..." "Say it," he snarls, a glint in his eyes, and your mouth falls open as the words come tumbling out. "Good god , you'll be the best king this land has ever known." His thrusts start up again, harder this time. "Oh, that's it, keep going..." "When great leaders of our time are mentioned, yours will be the name falling from peasant's lips..." "Yes?" " King John... King John ," you chant, "Savior of England... greatest man we've known... ah!" Groaning and tipping back his head, John's grip on your ass tightens, and you feel him spill inside of you. You come as well, grinding down on his cock and milking every last drop from him. When he's spent and sated and simply can't fuck anymore, you roll off of him, sinking your head down into the plush of the golden silk pillows. "You're my princess," he whispers against your cheek, taking your chin in hand, "And my queen." You kiss him one more time, then turn your back, a troubled sleep falling over you as the fireplace burns to its last ember. You don't believe a word of what you had told him... but regardless of circumstance, you're in it together, and that is for certain. Notes: Remember, if you'd like to request a character or prompt, send me an ask @ hearteyesdameron on tumblr! Chapter 23 : Inside Llewyn Davis: Llewyn Davis x Female Reader Three Journalism and photography has fascinated you from a young age. You had always been interested in the pristine image printed on paper, or the faded black and white of a photo you held as a child. As a result, it had become your profession- the head writer and photographer of the magazine Folk Scene, a that sheds light on musicians who are often overlooked. It helps promote smaller bands and artists, and in your opinion, the articles are moving and intimate pieces; another great aspect of your job is getting to know some remarkable people. Today, you were set to meet Llewyn Davis, folk singer from the album Timlin and Davis: If We Had Wings as well as his lesser known solo album, Inside Llewyn Davis. You've heard some of his music, and have to admit to being especially wooed by his somber, raspy voice- you're excited to meet him. Getting your questions ready on cards, you shake off any jitters you have; normally, you're quite relaxed in your interviews, which is why you like to conduct them at the coffee shop around the corner from where your studio is, so it leads in comfortably to the photography session following. This time, however, the prospect of meeting this Llewyn guy has you blushing. Why am I so enamored by him? you think to yourself, turning over a reference copy of his solo album in your hands as you walk briskly to meet him at the cafe. You guess you'll soon find out. The door clangs open, and your eyes do a quick search of the place before resting on a table by the window, where a bearded man is pouring a packet of sugar into his coffee cup. You smile, and he looks up when you approach. "Hi, I'm (y/n)," you introduce yourself, "It's so great to meet you!" "Llewyn," he smiles back, "I think you know my last name." You laugh a little. "I do. I love your music, I've gotta say, Mr. Davis." He chuckles, shaking his head. "Jesus, please, just call me Llewyn. Even I wouldn't respect me that much." You find yourself easing into the conversation, so you decide to skip the small talk. "Would you like to get to the questions then?" you ask, biting your lip as you try very hard not to focus on the way his lips wrap around the cup as he takes a sip of coffee. "Sure, go ahead," he nods, sitting forward. You nod as well, blinking as you look away from his intense gaze down to your first card. Why is your writing suddenly so undecipherable?! (Hint- it probably had something to do with the attractive brooding singer sitting adjacent to you.) "When did you first know you wanted to become a musician?" "I was very young. Basically, I just picked up a guitar, and there it was. The music just flowed out of me." "Were your parents supportive?" "Fuck no. They hated everything I was passionate about. My sister was the only one who remotely showed some interest in what I wanted to do... if you could, y'know, call it interest." "So, you were in it alone, then?" "Some things never change," he mumbled, taking another sip of coffee and wrapping his frigid hands around the mug. "What about... if you don't mind me mentioning him... Mike Timlin?" "What about him?" Llewyn asks, with minor hesitation. You hope with a cringe that you're not rubbing him the wrong way. "When did you two meet?" "We met in high school, and got our act together about a year after that." "So you knew him for a long time?" "Yep," Llewyn replies, sighing. He doesn't elaborate, so you don't push. "What was your inspiration for Inside Llewyn Davis?" you smile, pen at the ready. "Life's shit," Llewyn replies, inhaling, "That's basically my inspiration for any of my music at the moment." "Don't you think life has so much to offer, though?" you ask, straying a little from your planned questions, "I mean... it's not all shit, right?" "Sure," Llewyn retorts, and you purse your lips. He wasn't being very easy... but you aren't about to blame him for his lacking receptiveness. He looks like he's been through a lot, and you kind of wish you could take his hand and hold it as you speak... instead, you move on, cause that would be weird. "Is there a story behind your guitar?" "Yeah, actually," he nods, scratching his n eck, "I've had it since... god, a long fucking time, and I never perform without it. I think I saw it in a music store when I was a little kid, and the guy gave it to me, no charge." "That's amazing!" "Yeah, I was lucky. Wish I had that kinda luck in my back pocket now." You bite your lip, watching him rip the last piece of his pastry in half. Looking away, you notice in the corner of your eye his dark, soulful eyes on you, travelling down your body... You begin to stand up. "Um- you ready for the shoot?" On your way back, you notice how often Llewyn shivers, which is unsettling to you. His coat is... well, barely a coat, and his fingerless gloves are tattered and have holes. When you get to the studio, the set is already put up with the tripods ready and the dressing box to the side. "Can I get you in..." you mumble, rifling around in the box, and pull out a nice, warm yet stylish looking trench. "...This?" Llewyn raises an eyebrow. "Damn. That's nice." "Yeah," you blush, "We've got some nice stuff in the closets here that even I wanna take home sometimes... anyway, c'mere." You fit the jacket on Llewyn's shoulders, and it fits him almost perfectly; it's just a little big. "Mmm," he hums, hugging it tighter to his body. You feel your heart melt a little, and try not to stare at him for too long as you jog over to the tripod, where your camera sits waiting. "Kay, just... move there, where that tape is... yeah, and I want you to sit on the stool. Look natural." "What do you mean, look natural? Like, pensive natural, or... natural natural?" "Well... what's the difference?" "The difference in my expression." "Um... how you would normally look?" "So, lethargic," he supplies with a sigh, and you laugh. "Just be yourself, and it'll show through the pictures." Llewyn accepts this, and poses with his hands in his pockets, eyebrows knit in this really- dare you say it- sexy way. By the third shot, his bottom lip finds its way between his teeth, and you have to struggle to keep it together. The guys you usually photograph aren't ever this attractive, so this was a new distraction you didn't anticipate. "Do I look good?" he asks in amusement. You stutter. "O-Oh, yeah. For sure. Totally, don't... don't doubt it for a second, Mr. Davis." "Llewyn," the singer deadpans, and you nod sharply. "Right, Llewyn. Can you turn to the left a little, and tilt your head up so that you're looking at the ceiling? Great... Now one foot on the rung of the stool, one on the ground. Maybe one hand on your thigh, like you're tapping out a rhythm. Perfect, keep it there!" He poses again, and you smile, taking a few pictures. "You look sweet," you assure, and he nods, brushing a hand through his hair. When you're done, you nod. "Okay... these look pretty good- you can take the coat off now." Llewyn hesitates before taking the coat off. "Yeah, sure." You notice this hesitation, and chew on your lip. "Hey... do you wanna, maybe... come wit h me?" He raises an eyebrow. "Forward, huh?" "Llewyn," you smirk, "If I was asking you to bed, you'd know it." This takes him by surprise, and you shake your head, cursing your big mouth. "Just come with me, okay?" He smiles a little, and after packing up lightning fast, you lock the door to the studio and begin walking toward your favorite shop. Llewyn is still confused as all hell behind you, but his smile sticks around. A light snow begins to fall as you hurry along past people coming home late from work, the snowflakes glinting beautifully off of the disappearing sun. Llewyn shivers, and you're reminded again of your idea. Finally, you come to the shop, and Llewyn follows you in, rubbing his hands together and blowing warm air on them as you enter. Saying hello to the owners as you always do, you get a suggestive eyebrow quirk from one of them, cocking his head Llewyn's way. While the man you had just met for an interview idly checked out overly expensive raingear just to pretend he was doing something, you walk over to your friend. "He looks like a fish out of water." "He is. I'm buying him a coat, he's freezing." "Well, you know what they say. First comes dressing ‘em, then comes break the bed sex." "Don't I wish," you scoff, and join Llewyn again, who is picking at a yellow poncho. "See anything you like, that's not so much for a monsoon and more for, say... light snow?" "Like the way it's snowing now?" Llewyn mumbles, brushing a curl out of his face. You fixate on his hands as he goes on. "Y'know, I always thought that snowflakes are like the chords on my guitar... they each leave a distinct impression." You bite your lip for the umpteenth time tonight. "Do I leave a distinct impression on you?" He blinks, brooding brown eyes drooping to your lips. "Yeah. I really wanted to say something when we met back there, in the coffee shop. And in the studio? All I could think of was bending you over that rack of clothing and making you scream." You shiver harder than he did outside without a coat. "And… h-how do you feel now?" "Same way,” he murmurs, and you gasp softly, grabbing a warm, fluffy looking jacket off the rack in front of you. “We’re buying this.” “(y/n), you don’t have to-" “Shut up and accept the gift Llewyn, you know you need it,” you smile, and he looks down at his shuffling feet. “Thank you.” “That’s better,” you say, and pay for the jacket. On the way out, he takes your arm, the material of his fingerless gloves scratching your smooth elbows. “No, really, (y/n),” he says, voice lower than usual, “I want to thank you.” “You want to… thank me?” you breathe, a little lost in the moment at how close the gorgeous folk singer was to your lips. “Yeah… I want to… thank you so hard,” he whispers, lips inches away from yours, and you just about swoon over into his arms. “M-my place or yours?" you mumble, and he chuckles against you. "I don't have a place." "Right... mine then," you gulp, and you both head back the way of the studio. Once you reach your apartment, he has you up against the wall in no time, lips on yours and hands roaming. You moan softly, bending into every touch, and you curse as you reluctantly pull away, pausing only to unlock the door. As much as the thought of public sex in your hallway excites you, you don't think it would excite the old woman next door if she were to come out. "I don't have c-condoms," Llewyn manages out between kisses. Staring back at him, you raise an eyebrow. "Yeah, got that," you mumble absently as you crash into your bedroom blindly with him, falling back onto the inviting bed, "'S okay, anyway." He can't help but forget the matter, groaning as you undo his pants with nimble fingers. Once you have them off, he works on your panties, and it suddenly hits you like the cold air against your exposed skin: you're about to have sex with Llewyn Davis, the hottest folk singer you've ever seen. Not the hottest selling, perhaps, but damn... from what you could feel, you wouldn't forget this encounter for weeks on end. You pull at his shirt as well, unable to fully see in the dark, and he helps. You pull at his shirt as well, unable to fully see in the dark, and he helps. His fingers reach your bra, and tug at it to no avail. You giggle. "There's a clasp." "A what?" Reaching behind you, you unhook your own bra and Llewyn quickly pulls it off, a grateful look on his face. "Haven't had much experience with bras?" you tease. "The women I usually spend my nights with don't wear bras," Llewyn retorts, and you laugh as he puts his hands on your thighs, dipping his fingers down between your thighs, then trailing them up to your panties. As he takes them off, you whine a little, pulling him closer. Needing no further stimulant, he positions himself between your legs and sweeps you around, bouncing you up onto his lap as he buries himself deep inside of you. A curse gets caught halfway up your throat as he pushes in deeper, rendering you speechless as you clench around him. When you open your eyes to search his, you find them closed, squeezed shut in bliss as he feels you, runs his hands over your arching body while supporting your back. "Llewyn," you moan, and he trails his fingers down between you two. Your stomach is covered in a thin sheen of sweat from the heat raging between you, and he finds your clit, rubbing in slow, careful ministrations. "Wanna make another comment about my lack of experience?" he teases in your ear, and you buck into him, rolling your hips down. His fingers are extremely skilled. "Looks like inviting a guitarist to bed wasn't the stupidest thing I've ever done," you murmur with a sly smile, rocking forward. He takes advantage of this angle to lick a stripe up between your breasts, and roll you over with a quick nudge. Now given free reign, he groans in ecstasy, and bites your shoulder. "I'm really close... god, are you... ah, are you almost...?" "Yes... yes, Llewyn, please-" With a cry, you arch your back as your climax hits you, and he comes at the same time. Relaxing back together under your sheets, you laugh. "This is not how I envisioned this interview would go." "Yeah?" Resting his face in the crook of your neck, he presses a tender kiss there. "Is all of this on the record?" "Oh, of course... down to every moan," you giggle, and he tosses the sheets overtop of you both.