if they want to fight Ben Organa Solo Kylo Ren wasn't always a trouble maker, he was kind and considerate and overall a nice kid...until he was like 3. Which was about the time Leia and Han, his parents, sent him to go live with his uncle Luke since they were always so busy with their own respective jobs and couldn't possibly leave a 3 year old childto care for itself. To say Kylo hated living with his uncle Luke was an understatement. He loathed it with his entire being. His uncle was the Chief of police and he'd usually make Kylo come with him to work and make him do actual work, nothing too hard but hard enough to give Kylo to give him a tough time. He'd make him do police training exercises and during the summer he'd have to go to a summer camp Luke went to when he was a kid. Kylo would've given anything, literally ANYTHING, to not go there. Kylo not really being around kids much, he didn't exactly know how to interact with them, and he'd usually get teased and bullied for his abnormally large limbs and lanky build. It's there that Kylo actually thanked his uncle for teaching him to fight and building him up. He got into a lot of fights and on top of that there was this creepy old man who would harass everyone...And he was VERY interested in Kylo. Snoke was always trying to get kids to come with him back to his office. And on more occasions than Kylo would like to admit Snoke got too close and sometimes tried grabbing where he really shouldn't. Once some of the kids thought it would be fun to push him into Snoke's office and lock him in there with the creep. Snoke may have been a creepy old man who liked to grab little boys but he was basically a skeleton. Kylo was taught to never be rude to anyone especially people who are weaker but fuck that shit. Kylo kicked and punched that dirty old man until he was nearly dead and then when the other kids heard grunts from the other end of the door they quickly opened it to find Snoke lying on the ground and Kylo's fists all bloody. Kylo holding back tears stormed out and just ran. He didn't know where to but he just ran. He could deal with the teasing, the pushing, the pranks and the fights. Hell, he could even deal with Snoke being a creepy pervert most of the time but this time they had gone to far and Kylo had just about had enough. When he finally stopped running he found himself at the Lake. He sat down on the rocky beach near the water and stared at his reflection for a long while until breaking down and screaming at the top of his lungs. He hated this place, he hated his uncle Luke, he hated his parents for leaving him, he hated everyone here but mostly he hated himself. He hated himself so much, he hadn't realized it up until now. Sure it's always been poking around in his head every now and then and the name calling were reminders but he promised himself he wouldn't get this bad, he wouldn't let anyone get to him but it felt like a really long time since he last saw his reflection. Not just looking in the mirror to fix himself up or when he's brushing his teeth but actually see himself. And seeing himself just made him realize how horrible he actually was. How pathetic and weak he was, how everything he'd been called was true. He was a freak, he was a loser, he was ugly, he was mean and horrible. "Worthless" Kylo whispered to himself He got up and grabbed a stick smashing and hitting everything around. He ran up to the water and started hitting the water, his own reflection and chanted 'worthless' over and over and over again until he grew tired and sat back down on the hard rocks. He hadn't cried in a long time and now he was breaking down and sobbing like a baby. It was getting dark but he didn't care, no one cared. The sun was setting, Kylo felt cold and he hurt from sitting on the rocks but he didn't move from his huddled up position, knees to his chest and arms wrapped around protectively. He wanted to die. He was considering just jumping into the lake but not really. So he just sat there staring into nothingness letting his mind drift away. Suddenly he was pulled back and he snapped back to reality. The search group sent to go get kylo has found him. They were yelling really loudly. " BEN! Oh my god Ben! " Kylo hated that name " What the hell were you thinking?? Are you hurt?" the woman asked frantically " No..." Kylo replied quietly " We were all so worried about you! " She hugged Kylo bringing him close to her chest. no you weren't... Kylo thought as he held back the tears. Life back at camp was horrible. No one spoke to Kylo, not like anyone had before but they use to call him names and tease him and acknowledge he was there now...Whenever he would walk into a room or an area with people everyone would hush down and whisper to each other, sometimes he could make out what they were saying. Like this was worse, at least they would say those things to his face and now no one dared to even look at him straight. He'd only received side-ward glances and everyone avoided him like the plague. This was the worst year yet, he was more alone than ever. No 10 year old should have to deal with this he thought to himself I really am not normal... When he finally got back home to luke he told him about Snoke. Luke couldn't do anything about it...Snoke had a lot of people in high places. Kylo was sent back to his parents that year, they hadn't seen or heard from their son for over 7 years. Luke was incredibly hard to get in touch with. Kylo had expected them to know about what had happened at the camp but they didn't know a thing. They didn't care to ask and when they did Kylo didn't want to talk about it, he felt as if they didn't actually care, like they were already suppose to know if they gave two shits about him, they would've called more often or at least wrote a letter or something, ANYTHING! But nothing... Kylo was home schooled by Luke but now he had to go to an actual school with other people and actual teachers. Kylo thought this would be nice...He was starting after the Spring break. Kylo spent a lot of his time not talking to his parents. He'd usually spend it cooped up in his room or hanging with Chewy, their dog or well Han's dog. Kylo would never admit it to his parents but he loved the dog and it seemed like the dog was the only one who loved him back, or that's how Kylo saw it. Chewy wouldn't judge him and he could tell him all his secrets and problems and he'd listen and most importantly Chewy wouldn't have called him Ben...if he could speak...or well Kylo liked to think so. Spring break was officially over and he was starting his first day of school, actual school. Kylo had to admit he was really excited this would be a fresh start for him, he could have friends and he could be normal and no one had to know about anything! He quickly got dressed and packed his bag and rushed out the door. His school wasn't too far so he could walk there, but Kylo encountered a slight little problem. There was nothing wrong with the path or him walking there he was capable of that but....Chewy kept following him and he had told Han to tie him up but somehow he'd get out and follow him and finally after so many attempts at trying to get him back Han decided he'd have to walk Kylo to school with Chewy. He hated this...but he did like the fact that Chewy cared for him so much. They soon got to school and Kylo shooed his over-caring dog and so called father off. And with a big smile he strode into his new school. Suddenly standing in front of so many people he didn't feel so confident. The teacher introduced him to the class " Hello everyone! I'd like to welcome a new student to our class, Ben" Kylo flinched at the name, he really hated it. " Uh...Hi my name's Ben Organa Solo and I hope we can all be friends" He tried to sound cheerful and smiled the best he could. Kylo didn't wanna risk being made fun of for his preferred name so he just used his 'actual name' Taking a seat near the back class began and everything seemed to be ok, he didn't make a fool of himself in his introduction and he seemed like any other normal kid which was exactly what Kylo wanted to be a normal kid! Everything was going great...until lunch break. Kylo hadn't noticed before but a two students from his class had also gone to the same summer camp as Kylo and had witnessed everything that happened and of course rumors started to go around and before you know it Kylo was once again an outcast and by the end of the day he had gotten into a fight. It was just after classes had finished so no teachers were around. Kylo decided not to tell, he might as well try to make the teachers believe he was a good kid. He walked to the gate where Chewy was waiting for him. " What the hell are you doing here Chewy? " Kylo asked walking up to the large dog " If Han found out that you ran away from home again..." Chewy looked up at him and whined gently patting his head on kylo's hand where he had a scratch. Kylo smiled slightly and patted him on the head. " Dont worry about it, now c'mon before it gets to dark. " Kylo began to walk and Chewy followed. When he got home Leia immediately started to worry. Kylo had a black eye and quite a few scratches and bruises. " BEN! Oh my gosh what happened?! " She quickly grabbed an ice back and brought it to his eye " I just got into a fight no big deal..." Kylo muttered " No big de- Oh my god Ben " she gently pressed the ice pack to his eye, he winced at the sudden cold. Kylo took the ice pack into his own hands " It's fine. Don't make a big deal out of nothing. It's not like I haven't gotten into fights before" He walked past her and began climbing the stars to his room. Before she can say anything else he walks into his room and closes the door. He dumps his bag on the floor and flops onto the bed " Great. " He mutters to himself " There go my dreams of leading a normal school life." Today was tiring. Kylo had just had his first taste at school and he did not want another. He really didn't want to repeat the same thing everyday over and over again. Maybe if he asked he could stay at home.... No. 'if they want to fight oh they'll get a fight' Kylo thought to himself, full of rage and determination. Chapter 2 : They'll get a fight Notes: (': i really suck at writing fics but I think I'm getting back into it! also gonna be drawing some shit for this fuck http://kitsunezakuro.tumblr.com/ The few weeks Kylo had done his best to fend of the kids but he was getting hurt way to much, so one day while he was digging around the old attic of their house, searching for something to aid him in battle, Kylo had found one of Han's old motorcycle helmets. This would suit his needs perfectly. Except for the fact that...this thing was ugly as fuck. So Kylo got to work cleaning the old helmet and then coating it in black. He had also found a red baseball bat, the colour was worn off but you could tell it was red. He renewed the colour on the baseball bat and he was ready to fuck shit up. Sort of... He needed some time learning how to use the bat so he's not just aimlessly swinging, he got better at dodging when he was in fights, he tried not to get hit to much, not until he was prepared. Kylo trained hard everyday following the exercises his uncle taught him. Hated him or not these were useful and Kylo would be prepared for them. A few weeks later he was finally ready. Before leaving for school, he stuffed the baseball bat into his bag best he could and grabbed the helmet, he had trouble getting blood out of his clothes so he decided black would be best since this time it wasn't going to be only his blood staining his clothes. On his way to school Chewy kept looking at Kylo with a worried expression and whined every now and then. There was no trying to keep Chewy at home anymore so Han just let the dog take Kylo to school and pick him up from there and Kylo didn't mind the company. "It's fine Chewy, I've got this killer helmet to keep me safe, so stop worrying jeez." He spoke softly to his dog. He really loved Chewy and was contemplating on if he should continue to fight them or not, just because he just showed concern for him. He was the only one who ever did it seemed. When Kylo arrived at the gates of his school he waved to his dog goodbye and usually off he would go but this time he just sat there looking at Kylo. " Come on Chewy, go home. " But Chewy wouldn't budge " Shoo you overgrown fur ball! " Kylo tried forcing the dog to stand, tried pushing him over, picking him up but each time Chewy would either get up or push Kylo back. After many failed attempts Kylo gave up " Fine! Just sit there! " He yelled and stormed off earning a few stares from people around. What's his problem? I can take care of myself... Nearly everyone he walked by commented on the helmet but Kylo didn't particularly care. They would get what's coming to them. One of his teachers tried to take it away but Kylo said it wasn't actually causing a disturbance in the classroom nor was it dangerous. Through out the day his usual routine would continue, except this time he didn't fight back. He was saving everything he had for after school, letting the rage slowly build up. He was excited. Excited he could finally have a chance against those goons. It wasn't fair that a bunch of kids would just go against one kid. Soon enough, class ended and Kylo had that feeling in his gut. Fear and excitement mixed, like when you're waiting in line to go on a rollercoaster. Kylo slowly packed up, usually he'd be the first out but not this time, this time he really dragged it out, the fear kind of taking over but he pushed it aside and just decided to go with it. He got up and grabbed the bat from his bag and he slipped the helmet on. Shit why did he colour it ALL black. He could see but not as much as he'd like to. Whatever it was too late now. As he exited the school he saw the usual 'gang' waiting for him. The taunts immediately started. " Why if it isn't little Ben " their leader began, the other three just snickered behind him. " What the hell is up with that helmet? You think it's going to help?" he laughed through most of his sentence " The only thing it's helping doing, is making you look like an idiot, which you do a pretty good job of already by yourself " Kylo rolled his eyes " what a fucking idiot " he looked to his friends and then back at Kylo smirking " Well then lets get this over and done with " Kylo didn't respond only stood there, his scowl hidden from the helmet. The other boys charged at him but Kylo was prepared. He brought the bat up and swung hitting one of them in the gut, the boy fell to the floor wincing and crying out in pain. Kylo smirked under the helmet. He kept swinging at them if they dared coming near. They were screaming taunts at him and one of them grabbed him from behind and held his arm down so he couldn't swing, he struggled to get free but no use. The others were throwing punches. Shit shit shit Suddenly, Kylo heard barking and a giant brown blur took down the boy punching Kylo in the gut. Chewy had somehow gotten passed the school gates and came to help him. The boys getting distracted by the dog just tackling their ring leader, Kylo was able to get the other three off him. And with the help of chewy they fended off the assfucks leaving them just as bloody and bruised as they had left Kylo so many days. They ran away. Cowards... Kylo thought to himself but smirking. His breathing was erratic, he looked over to his dog who was also panting heavily. Kylo lifted the protective glass. He bent down and hugged Chewy, a wide smile on his face. " HOLY SHIT! " He pulled away looking at his dog " THAT WAS AWESOME! " his eyes twinkled with excitement " YOU WERE AWESOME! You totally saved my ass! " He patted and hugged his dog, oh boy he loved him so much. Chewy was so confused, usually Kylo hated fighting and was always angry and sad after them, but he was really happy and excited. Chewy was extremely confused. But Kylo was happy for the first time in a really long time so Chewy barked excitedly and returned the excitement and affection Kylo was giving. " Come on lets go home! " Kylo said shutting the glass again and walking, chewy followed close behind. When he got home, no one was there as usual and Kylo was really glad. He went to the kitchen and fixed himself up with some food. And gave plenty of rewards for Chewy, if his parents found out about today. About the fight, the baseball, Chewy, all this meat being given to Chewy, he'd be dead for sure. But he would make sure for they wouldn't find out. ----- Shit they found out. But only about the fight...and the baseball bat. His mother was so against it but for once, his father was on Kylo's side. " Let the boy fight " Han told Leia " Let the boy fi-...Oh my god Han, he's hurting these boys and hurting himself! " Leia was not having any of Han's shit or Kylo's shit. " Boys fight all the time " " Not like this! " " Well they were 4 guys against him! So what, they got what was coming to them! " They continued back and forth for a long while until agreeing to disagree. The parents of the kids and Kylo's parents had to go to a parent teacher meeting to discuss the incident. Sadly Kylo had to tag along as well. The other boys wouldn't even look at Kylo they were so scared. Good , Kylo thought . Their parents made such a fuss about it, about their 'baby boys' getting hurt and how HE was the monster. They didn't know what their 'baby boys' had done to Kylo during his entire attendance at this school, they didn't know that their 'baby boys' were the actual monsters. Kylo was throwing glares the entire time scowling at each word coming out of their mouths. In the end they decided it would be best if everyone just apologized and left it at that. No parent or child was satisfied with this but it was better than making this bigger than it already was. Kylo received detention for a month and the other boys were left off the hook. Totally worth it , Kylo thought. After that incident, no one even dared to glance at Kylo, no one spoke to him, no one even touched him let alone try and pick a fight with him. Kylo decided this was the best, everyone feared him and at the camp he thought of this as a bad thing but he was honestly so done with everyone's shit. Let them be scared, let them fear me. -------------- One day while Kylo was doing whatever at the back of class, someone dared to confront him. He heard someone mutter something to him, Kylo wearing a deadly look on his face as he looked up to find icy-cold eyes that just made Kylo freeze. " May I borrow a pencil? " He asked again, a very dull expression on his face. No one...had even looked at Kylo for the passed few months and this boy...this ginger piece of shit dared to talk to him? The ginger boy raised an eyebrow waiting for a response from Kylo. Kylo was honestly so confused as to what to do. Make a scene and beat the shit out of him for talking to him...give him a pencil....continue glaring at him?? Ginger boy was about to leave until Kylo took a pencil and handed it to him. Kylo said nothing. " Thank you " He said and left. Everyone was staring at them. Kylo's eyes followed the boy to the front desk. No wonder he didn't notice him, but then again how didn't he? I mean that hair? Everyone was now staring at Kylo. Kylo wasn't use to this, his face flushed a bit he shot glares at everyone and they went back to their business, looking away afraid of him. That was weird ... Kylo thought. T hat boy didn't tremble nor stutter before me, he kept a straight face and just asked... This was weird . Kylo was so confused, he had never really been treated like a normal person before and he was honestly so confused, should he be mad that he's not afraid like everyone else? Should Kylo be afraid? Should he be happy? School passed with that thought in Kylo's head for a bit, but soon enough Kylo forgot about it and went on about his life like he never saw the boy. On his way out the school gates, where Chewy was waiting he was suddenly stopped by someone's voice. " Excuse me " He turned around to find the ginger kid from before. Kylo turned around fully and looked at him, he had Kylo's pencil in his hand. He wasn't actually expecting to ever see that pencil again but ok. " Oh. " Was all Kylo could say. Kylo was waiting for him to come over to give it to him, but they just stood there looking awkwardly at each other. Kylo looked at him properly. His hair was slicked back, and he dressed like he was going to college, white collar shirt neatly tucked underneath his sweater vest. Some fancy ass looking pants and shoes. Nerd , Kylo thought. He saw the ginger boy glance down at Chewy with a worried expression. " Huh...OH! " Kylo said " He doesn't bite. " But the other didn't budge just sot of stared. What's up with this kid? Kylo just sort of stared...The other boy hesitated but he walked to Kylo and gave him the pencil and muttered a quick 'thank you' and bid Kylo a goodbye. He walked the other way looking very tense. Kylo stood there feeling very confused. Chewy pushed his head into Kylo's hand snapping him out of his thoughts. He shoved the pencil in his pockets and began walking. " That guy was weird...don't you think Chewy?" Kylo said, realizing he talks to his dog out loud on a daily basis while in public. Chewy just glanced at Kylo and continued walking. Again when he got home he just forgot about captain gi-...general ginger. The next few days he noticed the ginger more often around the halls but it wasn't anything to noticeable to Kylo, just sort of, oh it's that guy and then just continuing with his life. After the first encounter, general ginger spoke to Kylo again, sort of. This time it was Kylo who initiated it. Kylo never forgot his pencil case but this time he did and being who he was, he didn't have a lot of people he could ask but then he remembered general ginger. He contemplated for a bit but decided to just go and ask him. So he did. He walked up to his desk and was greeted again with the same icy look. " Um..may I borrow a pencil? " Kylo said somewhat awkwardly, the other boy's look softened a bit. He looked down and dug through his very organized pencil case and handed Kylo a pencil. " Thanks... " Kylo said as he left to go back to his desk. Again everyone stared and this was so weird for Kylo. Extremely weird.....He was so confused as to what to think. Was he suppose to make him his friend?? His enemy? What was he suppose to do? What did this boy want? He'd never really had any friends and he didn't exactly know how to make them. From what he saw, most people found him unpleasant to be around. Why wasn't he trembling before him like everyone else? This made Kylo very angry and very confused. At the end of the day he met the boy again by chance, at the gate. Kylo dug out his pencil and handed it to him. No words exchanged. This was weird...They were weird, what the hell was going on? This thing went on through out the next month or so. They wouldn't say anything to each other but borrow shit from each other and then give it back at the gate. Kylo noticed people didn't avoid him like they did with Kylo, but still they avoided him. Kylo thought that maybe he didn't have anyone to borrow from either, like Kylo did. This made him feel a bit better about the boy over time. Kylo felt a bit more...human he guessed. He felt like they were kind of like...on the same lonely boat. Kylo had just packed his things and was just about ready to go home, but first he needed to give that ginger kid his pen back. Kylo waited at the gate but he didn't come....had he gone home? No...he always waited for Kylo when he was late and the other was never usually this late...Kylo waited another 10 minutes and got a bit worried. Why was he worried? It's not like he knew this kid that well. Maybe he was just worried to lose his pencil sharing buddy. Or maybe he was subconsciously afraid of that icy stare of his, what would happen if he didn't return the pencil. Whatever it was, it compelled him to go looking around the school for the kid. He heard a bunch of kids speaking and snickering around the court. He saw three guys hovering over a kid, at first Kylo thought, Good. Better them rather than me . But then he saw who exactly they were teasing. General Ginger himself. His lip was split and he was scary looking, but he was so tiny, Kylo just noticed. He didn't look that intimidating especially hunched over like that and bloody and bruised. Kylo remembering how awful that feeling is, that feeling of being so small and how unfair it was when the numbers weren't right. He got really angry, Kylo couldn't stand this. He wasn't that connected with this boy, and had it been someone else maybe Kylo wouldn't have cared, but he thought about how they were sort of on the same boat, the same lonely boat that all the others avoided. He couldn't help but see himself in that position, he was like this only up until about half a year ago. Kylo (A/N captain-save-a-hoe Ren) stormed to where the boys were and grabbed one of them by the collar of their shirt and pulled them back, throwing them to the floor. He stood in front of the smaller boy. He kicked on of the two still standing boys and grabbed the other. " Leave. " He said in a low growl. They stumbled over their own feet and scrambled away. The ginger boy was on the floor holding his stomach. He looked up to Kylo who had this hand out, he took it and got up. Kylo grabbed the pen that was sitting in his pocket. " Your pen " Kylo said handing it to him. The smaller boy looked at him and then at the pen, he took it and then muttered a thanks. They walked to the gate together silently. " Thanks for uh.. " He began " Dont worry about it." Kylo interrupted. At the gate, where they parted ways, Kylo waved a goodbye and began walking off with his dog, he looked back expecting to see the other walking to their respective home but instead, he saw him sitting down, head sunk low. Kylo looked around, not really sure what he was looking around for. Chewy looked back at Kylo, letting out a confused whine. Kylo began walking back to the other. When he got near he wasn't exactly sure why he did, or what he was trying to achieve. The ginger looked up at him confused, he didn't wear his usual icy glare. It was awkward and silent. Kylo looked around again, he was very nervous and unsure of himself. He was...trying? to make a friend. Maybe. He didn't actually know. " You okay? " He asked. The other boy looked a bit shocked, taken aback from the question. He went to say something but shut his mouth quickly and instead shook his head slightly. Kylo frowned. This was awkward but... " You...uh...don't wanna go home huh? " The other was silent. Kylo shuffled around for a minute or so not saying anything. Chewy stood a few meters away looking at the two very confused. " You want to...uh " Kylo looked back at Chewy for some sort of support but all the dog did was stare with a confused expression " Um...you want to...come over or something...and patch up? I mean...your lip is pretty busted and...uh yeah...stuff " Kylo felt the heat rise to his face. Why was this so difficult? He guessed not being talked to often and not talking to others kind of made him awkward around others, he really didn't know how to act. The ginger boy looked back up, his facade coming back online. He nodded slightly, agreeing with that idea but keeping an indifferent look on his face. But he did glance at the dog again. Kylo rolled his eyes. " He's a harmless dope " He reassured him but he still didn't look to at ease. He walked over to Chewy and knelt down, hugging the dog bringing it to his face " Are you really scared of this big ol' dope? Look at him " Kylo pushes Chewy and he willingly lays down " He's useless " The ginger boy cracked a small smile and Kylo just...he never.... Was he making a friend?? Kylo felt...good. This was good. This was weird, it was different but it was good. Kylo got up and began walking, Chewy soon got up as well and followed. " C'mon then " Kylo yelled, the ginger boy followed beside Kylo still keeping a distance from Chewy. The walk was mostly silent, neither of them knew what to say. When they got to Kylo's house Chewy lied down on the porch and just decided today was enough excitement, so he took a nap. Kylo entered not even bothering to take off his shoes. He grabbed the first aid kit and walked back to find the other boy not in the house? Looking around some more he then walked outside again the find him standing on the other end of the porch staring down Chewy. " Uh..Why didn't you come in? " Kylo asked standing there confused " I didn't want to intrude " He said " There's no one home... " Said like it was the most obvious thing in the world. He didn't move though so Kylo just decided to do it out on the porch. Sitting down on the steps he motioned for him to come over. The other came and hesitated sitting down on the dirty steps. Kylo began cleaning his lip from the blood and a few other scratches. He winced at the pain but didn't make to much of a fuss about it. This was kind of even more awkward than before but at the same time not...It was such a strange feeling. After being mostly done Kylo decided to break the silence " So why'd those kids wanna fight you? " " I don't know. Something to do with my father and their families or something similar. " He spoke clearly. Kylo didn't know any other 10 year old who spoke like this kid did, his tone was just so...strange, his words were sharp and clean... There was silence again. They just sort of sat there, unsure what to do. Some time passed again and Kylo tried talking to him. " Um..So what's your name? " Kylo asked " Hux. " He said looking to Kylo, what a strange name, Kylo of all people thought. " Kylo. " He replied with a half-smile. But then he realized he didn't use his given name and he really didn't want to mess up having at least one friend. " Uh well I mean it's Ben but like... " He stuttered and fumbled over his own words " Nice to meet you, Kylo. " Hux said putting out his hand for a handshake. Kylo was a bit surprised usually people would make fun of him for it but...Not this guy. Kylo firmly grasps Hux's hand. " Nice to meet you too, Hux. " Chapter 3 : First Tenth Impression Notes: lmao I'll edit this later and have this crap llmao 3 chapters in and we still aint getting to the thing you're all here for lmao sorry (': kinda a slow start?? eh these chapters are fairly short That day had been...eventful. To recap on today's events. Kylo had gotten into another fight, but not his own, he beat up a bunch of kids but not for himself, he protected someone else, he spoke more than a single sentence asking to borrow a pencil, he helped someone and made a friend. A good first impression...Or rather..Second...or... technically not their first time meeting but it was at the same time. It was late...Kylo was too tired to think about the technicalities. Their...'friendship', if you could even call it that, would continue the way it was before. Kylo kicked the blankets as he turned to lay on his side, the thought made him angry. But it's not like he even wanted a friend in the first place. ( N/A fucking weaboo tsundere crap don't pull this shit on me) But then again he wasn't kidding anyone, he'd been lonely for such a long time...And this guy seemed nice. Even if he was mostly expressionless, Kylo saw through his slight glances and body language. He turned around once more and looked up, eyes staring up at his ceiling which was decorated with glow in the dark stars shining dimly above, nothing compared to the stars outside. Kylo didn't want to go to sleep, he was too scared to. He hated sleeping, it was scary. A lot of bad dreams haunted him each night...Usually ones involving Snoke. Creepy old bastard... But eventually Mr.Sandman would come and Kylo would be out cold and encased in his nightmares but despite the nightmares he was actually kind of...excited for tomorrow. It was a strange feeling of anxiousness, half of him was expecting to just go back to the usual and the other half expected something more maybe...Like friends. This was a new concept and he wanted to explore it. But sadly he didn't know how and would probably fuck shit up. Gosh darn these skills to fuck-shit-up, they are a gift and a curse. The next morning after waking up from his usual night...adventures, he got out of bed and got ready as fast as he could. It's been a while since he's been excited for school and he knew very well that the chances of this being the start of their friendship was very low but he couldn't help but let his hopes get high and take over his entire thought process. Chewy almost missed Kylo because he was out the door a lot earlier than he usually was. He walked with a slight spring in his step and Chewy was extremely tired and confused but thought nothing of it, glad that his boy was having a good day. They got to the gate and Kylo had taken a bit of time to pat his dog before he had taken his leave. When Chewy did take his leave, Kylo turned around to get to class. As he went to go into the school, no other than general gi-...Hux. No other than Hux comes strolling from down the path. Kylo froze for a second, should he wave? Should he ignore him? He panicked for a second just kind of standing there glancing at Hux then at the front gates...This had played out a lot better in his head. But thankfully Hux wasn't as hopeless as Kylo was. When Kylo glanced back over at Hux, he had waved at Kylo. To be honest he was also feeling a bit anxious after yesterday's slightly awkward interaction. Kylo waved back and waited for Hux to arrive at the gate. He still looked pretty beat up but not as bad he supposed. " Hey. " Kylo said with a slight tremble in his voice. " Hello, " " Uh...How are you..I mean since like yesterday and stuff..." Kylo blurted out " I'm fine, thank you " Hux said as cold as ice " Uh...Especially with your help... " He said, though this time somewhat timid. " That's great to hear " a friendly smile spread across Kylo's face. Hux smiled back slightly, feeling...a bit warmer than usual. If that made any sense. Hux turned and began walking alongside Kylo to their class. Class went on as usual, Hux stayed concentrated on the work and Kylo just sat there doodling wearing a happy expression on his face. Both felt a bit more content with themselves than usual. But still worry and anxiety accompanied them, both of them still unsure if the other considers the other as a friend, and they both want to be friends. It's strange for both of them since neither of them knew they wanted a friend until the opportunity came up. But both of them being the awkward little shits they were, things went slow. Not much changed between them, except their uncertainty for their current friendship status. That was sky rocketing high. They continued their pencil sharing thing, but they spoke a bit more often. Granted it was only a few more sentences but it was something, usually they'd speak if they met in the hallways and they'd sort of sit together after school in front of the gate. The conversations were short and awkward but both of them were secretly freaking out on the inside. --- Hux was starting to get worried. There was about a month and a bit of school left and he and Kylo were still...well whatever they had going on was going on! And Hux didn't particularly like the thought of spending another summer holiday by himself although if he had never met Kylo this wouldn't had bothered him. But now he had a chance to be normal, ok he could never be completely normal but...he could be somewhat normal. A chance at being a normal kid...Hux had enough of jut beating around the bush, he had to try and...and...do something! Anything, he needed confirmation. Was this what he wished it to be? Was it nothing? What was it? Where was it going? This uncertainty had to go. So during lunch, Hux got his already pre-packed food and left to go search for Kylo. Usually he'd sit wherever and eat his lunch and go over his work for later that day, wasting time until the lunch break was over. But he really didn't need to do that every break, he could dedicate some of his time to other more...ehm...important matters. It took Hux a little while but soon enough he found him. He was sitting by himself, not a surprise, at a table eating a sandwich and was writing, or it seemed liked he was writing, in a book. Hux took another step and a pang of anxiety hit him. Should he do this? Was this a good idea? What if he rejected Hux? So many questions popped up, thinking of all the possible horrible outcomes. Hux was just about to turn around and walk away, but instead he marched on forward. Like hell were some thoughts going to stop him and suddenly he was standing in front of Kylo's table. 'this was a terrible idea' the sudden burst of confidence Hux had leaving him. His palms were sweaty ( A/N knees weak, arms are heavy. There's vomit on his sweater already: Mom's spaghetti) staring at Kylo. He wanted to say something but instead just sort of stood there, not being able to do or say anything. Kylo glanced up from his doodling to see a very nervous Hux just sort of standing there. He's glaring at Kylo and Kylo begins to panic slightly, has he done something wrong?? Did he forget to give back something? What is it he did now? With a gulp Kylo spoke "Uh...Hi?" Snapping out of his thoughts, and his death glare on Kylo. "Oh uh...Hi," his look was not as cold or scary, it was more frightened and panicked. The two avoided eye contact for a while just sort of...standing there in silence as time went on. " So uh...Is this seat taken?" Hux said with a forced smile and worried look. "OH! uh! No no! Here sit!" Kylo said moving his bag aside even though there was plenty of space already. Hux placed his things on the table as he sat down, his face was a bit flushed and his heart was pounding in his chest. 'OK...Good...this is good! yes...good...social interaction...this is good' Hux was staring straight down at his food a bit nervous to look up. The silence continued and both boys felt really nervous, neither of them not knowing what to talk about. They both glanced up at the same time and then they both looked back down. And then suddenly the silence was broken over Kylo slightly giggling and then laughing really loudly, uncontrollably. Hux looked up looking at Kylo with a puzzled expression. Did he do something wrong? Hux felt a bit embarrassed. "What?" Hux said, feeling a tad bit offended at Kylo for laughing in his face. Kylo glanced at Hux and his laughter died down a bit but not completely " Haha..it's...it's not you" Kylo continued and Hux had this sort of angry-ish look while still trying to remain a calm look, his face was all red and you could see the obvious conflict of trying to look angry and ice cold at once. "It's just this situation just kinda made me laugh...It's so weird and awkward ." Kylo just sort of smiled and looked away, his laughter had died down. Hux's anger was replaced with surprise and a bit of joy. "Oh!..Hah yeah...It really is weird I suppose. It's just..." Hux didn't know if he should continue or not. He glanced at Kylo who was now looking at him, head tilted slightly waiting for him to finish his sentence. "Well..." Hux didn't exactly know why he was being so open about this, but he was. "I'm, to say the very least, a bit awkward when it comes to...social interaction," "You speak like such a nerd." Kylo interrupted with a snicker Ignoring the comment and rolling his eyes, Hux continued "As I was saying, I'm not the very best when it comes to these sort of things and I apologize for making some situations a bit awkward. I just don't know how to approach these things and I don't completely understand whatever it is we have going on here...and I suppose I would like to...try and continue this...possibly..." Hux was just dragging his sentence now. His face was still flushed and he was extremely nervous. But Kylo just shrugged and laughed "Yeah, I mean like...me too! I'm the worst dude at 'social interpretaction'. " he said trying to mock Hux but instead kinda of made more of a fool of himself. "Interaction," He corrected Kylo, "Yeah that thing, and well...uh..to be honest...well I actually wanna be friend with you to" "You do!?" Hux said a little too enthusiastically "I mean..Uh yeah that sounds most ideal..." (A/N nice recovery lmao) "hah...yeah...so..um...Maybe we should, uh I dunno try again?" "Uh..." "Um...here" Kylo put out his hand for a handshake "My name is Kylo Ren, nice to meet you," Hux stared down at his hand for a moment, he firmly grasped it and with a slight laugh he replied "The pleasure is all mine Kylo, I'm Hux." The two broke out into a small fit of giggles and then continued to eat their lunch and have a somewhat normal conversation, asking each other what was their favourite animal, colour so on and on. That day school wasn't so bad for the both of them, they had actually enjoyed it which was strange coming from the boys. They were finally getting somewhere instead of just awkward silences and staring. They both hung out for a little while at the gate after school and then parted ways as they usually did, except this time there was no awkward goodbye or shuffling off. It was comfortable and friendly and both of them had actual fun. Kylo sat in his bed staring at the dim stars scattered across his ceiling. He smiled looking up at them. Maybe their first impressions weren't the best and neither was the first encounter or the second one or third or the many others after and maybe their second actual interaction wasn't the best either but somehow they managed to sorta work things out after their first tenth impression. Notes: aaaay lmao a lot of the things in here are based off these modern/high school au headcanon things on my tumblr http://kitsunezakuro.tumblr.com/tagged/modern-au lol kylo u fucking emo