1 and 2 - Mine. CHAPTER 1 !!!! This part contains sexual content (not much but I wanted to warn you) and MAJOR TFA spoilers!!!! "Hello there," she said and turned on her lightsaber, prepared for the response from the one who stood in front of her. Kylo Ren, master of the Knights of Ren was facing her without his mask, just with a smirk. A small scar spreading across his face reminded her of their first battle, the one she won't forget. It was just the two of them in a room, probably one of his belongings as the First Order leader, on the planet of Coruscant and no one else was to be seen around. Just them. The light and the dark, together. It was forbidden for both of them to meet without the intention to destroy each other, but that made it even more exciting. "Let's see what you've learnt since the last time we've met," he replied and gripped the hilt of his saber tighter. Switching it on made him tense a little, it always did. The air was filled with the humming of their weapons and the tension of what's going to happen next. "I've learnt a lot." Rey confidentally walked closer, circling around him. Their moves were synchronised, when one stepped to the left, the other one did too. It was like they were following a big circle line, each one of them on the other half. "You know I can take whatever I want," Kylo Ren stated and looked at Rey at the other side of the room. Instead of her scavenger clothes she was wearing black long sleeved t-shirt and black pants, but to not be whole in dark she had a brown belt. Her scarf was covering her neck and instead of messy buns she had her hair falling to her shoulders. She was beautiful. "Come and get it," she whispered and Ren didn't need anything else. Breaking their silent dance they were doing he came straight towards her, turning his red lightsaber off, dropping it to the ground. Rey followed his moves and they ended up in a tight embrace. Her hands were on his back, pulling him even closer. "I missed this, desert rat," Kylo whispered and crashed his lips against hers. She returned the kiss and they both sighed against each other. When his soft lips touched hers, she felt familiar flutter in her stomach. It always happened when they kissed, ever since they established this 'relationship'. His tongue brushed agains her teeth and she moved her hands to touch his cheeks. As they paused to get air, their lips were barely touching so they felt each other's breath. No words had been spoken and it seemed that none were needed, so they stayed silent, not wanting to break the spell. After a few seconds Rey's lips found his again, but this time the kiss was slower and more emotional. Kylo took Rey to his arms and she crossed her legs on his back. "Please," she whispered and Kylo looked her in the eyes. The passion and excitement mixed together were enough for him to lift her up and press her against a wall. His tongue travelled from behind her ear through her jawline to her neck, leaving flushing skin behind. Rey groaned when his mouth found her collar bone. "Kylo..." she groaned his name in desire. Her hands did a good job with removing layers of the clothing between them. It was either her or his, she didn't care, her actions were driven by urge to feel his bare burning skin against hers. With their bodies pressed tightly against each other, Kylo could feel Rey's quickened heartbeat. That feeling was unique and knowing it was him who caused her sudden change of pace Ren carried Rey to the bedroom nextdoor. When it came to this part, they were both thinking about rightness of this act. It wasn't the first time they questioned their decisions, but it always ended up the same. Nothing could stand in their way, The Jedi Code, the Resistance, nor Supreme leader Snoke or anyone else. What they felt towards each other could not be stopped because it was compassion, eternal and unconditional love. CHAPTER 2 !!! Warning! This chapter contains sexual content so if you are not comfortable with it, move onto next chapter!!! You have been warned. !!!! When she was beneath him, he got to see her beautiful body. There were a few scars, but they reminded how strong she is, how many battles she's come through. They weren't a sign of weakness and mistakes made on the battlefield, but sign of strength and determination. His look travelled down her neck and with his left hand he touched a scar about a half year old. It was a small scar, but there was a big story behind it. This wound was his responsibility, he did this to her. During an intense lightsaber battle his side blade burnt her soft skin. Thinking about it now, this scar was his signature, something that was saying 'she's mine'. With his other hand Kylo was holding Rey's wrists above her head, pinning them to the top of the bed. Starting with her neck he was leaving hot trial of kisses and bites, not wanting to miss any place of her gorgeous body. "Kylo," she moaned and wanted to return the favor of sending shivers down his spine. "Let me," she begged quietly, because she couldn't be more louder. If she tried to be so, her words would be just groans. "Not yet, scavenger." Moving his right hand down he stopped to cup her breasts. He looked up at her and finally freed her wrists. Seconds after she could move her hands Rey buried her fingers in his hair, pulling his face closer to hers. Their tongues met in a passionate kiss, Kylo swirling his tongue around Rey's. After they parted, he squirmed and then began panting as she moved down to lick his chest and nibble on his nipples with her lips until they puckered into her mouth. She placed her thumbs on each nipple and rubbed them as her head moved down his chest. Her tongue traced his pecs and in between each rib. Ren moaned and lifted his head off the pillow, trying to watch her. She rose up on all fours and licked her lips, the tip of his penis an inch from her face. Rey's tongue darted out and licked the fluid oozing from the tip. He gasped and his hips bucked slightly. "Ah, ah, hold still, Kylo." He breathed deeply and settled back into the mattress, obeying her. Rey swirled her tongue around his sensitive head and sucked on it, pressing her lips tight around the ridge below his head, and tugging up on the ridge. He moaned again. She lifted off and starting at the base, licked her way around and up his shaft, until he was wet with her saliva. She finally took him into her mouth and Kylo groaned low. She felt him pulse and harden a little more in her mouth. It was her turn to moan. Rey loved the feeling that it was her who caused him to moan, she loved the feeling of power it gave her. Sometimes she wanted to be dominated, but then, sometimes she wanted the control. She sucked him slow and steady, moving her mouthup and down over his shaft, rubbing her tongue along the bottom. He was panting and groaning now. Kylo felt hot and silky in her mouth as she finally took him all the way down her throat, humming, knowing the vibrations would drive him crazy. It worked. He was pressing his ass hard into the mattress in an effort not to thrust, his back arching away from mattress. She lifted off him briefly and murmured, "Do it, Ren, let go, you can thrust, you won't hurt me." 'Not more than you already did' Rey thought. He wailed a wordless sound and began thrusting up into face, struggling to keep his eyes open and watch as his cock disappeared into her mouth through those swollen lips over and over again. He was throbbing and his balls were coiling tight. He was going to come hard. "Oh yeah, I'm gonna come Rey," he gasped out before he went back to grunting and thrusting into her mouth. She didn't back off. Two more thrusts and he exploded into her mouth. Trembling, Kylo murmured some words about a sweet revenge. They stayed silent for a while and then he scrambled down between her legs and lapped at her lips, swirling his tongue around her clitoris and sucking in her juices. Rey's hips bucked and she groaned, eyes rolling back in her head. "Uhmm," he mumbled as he slipped two fingers into her wetness. "Ren..." Rey cried out. He lifted his head slightly. Irritated by his hair in his face, Kylo put them behind his ears. He lowered his head, resumed grinding circles inside Rey with his fingers and sucked hard on her clitoris. She bucked and he held her hip down with his free hand. Rey couldn't believe how good this felt. Kylo Ren himself was certainly not disappointing. She was frantic to have him inside her. But this felt so good and she felt her body streaking toward completion and she needed the release so bad. Her hands were balled up in the bed covers and she was panting heavily, and odd grunting coming from the back of her throat. On the fourth swipe, she shrieked his name and exploded in a series of tremors that rippled her body. "Kylo! Ah, goooood, yes!" He felt her nether lips soften and her cum gush out around his fingers. Ren quickly retracted his fingers and slid his mouth down, opening wide and pressing his mouth over her entire opening. He stuck his tongue out and pushed it into her, then retreated, sucking hard, his mouth covering her opening completely and sucking her juices into his mouth. Kylo looked up at Rey, making a show of swallowing slowly and then licking his lips. She whimpered at the sight of it. His voice was raspy. "Oh, scavenger, you taste good, your taste made me even harder. Taste yourself." He kissed her, swirling his tongue into her mouth and shared her taste with her. He nudged her entrance with the head of his penis and Rey moaned. "God, I love hearing you moan." She tilted her hips up for better access, and he slid inside, slowly but steadily until he was buried as deep as he could. Kylo Ren looked at Rey. She was gorgeous. Her cheeks were flushed, her hair sprawled out behind her head. Nipples hard, lips swollen from kissing. 'He is a big man, I forget how big he is.' Rey thought. She felt totally engulfed with him on top of her. His broad shoulders surrounded her chest. His torso completely covered her body. His hips were wider than hers and she had to spread her legs wide to let him in. She was sure from above you wouldn't be able to see her at all, except for the top of her head and her legs wrapped around his waist. She felt so small and feminine. Rather than feel intimadated, she felt safe. Rey wanted Kylo wild, not gentle. She felt that familiar thrill sizzle through her veins as she thought of her fantasies. Kylo was wild and rough in them and she was his possession. At first, she didn't like having these thoughts and feelings, but his existence and their secret relationship changed her forever. He had to be careful. He could hurt Rey if he wasn't, but he was being seized with the familiar urge that fueled most of his fantasies. The urge to dominate her. To see this Jedi lose it completely, because of him. He was slamming into her hard, gripping her hip with his hand and using his legs to push himself into her fully with every thrust. His mind was whirling with his purpose, his goal. He didn't mean to say anything aloud but he whispered it out without even realizing it, the words he uttered in his dreams. "You're mine now, Rey! Mine! Mine to do with as I please. Surrender to me. Surrender to me!" "Anything for you, Kylo...take me," she groaned. "Take me!" she shouted, repeating these words one more time. He pushed a little farther in, causing Rey to moan. He loved the sounds she made. They were the most erotic things he'd ever heard. Hearing her pleasure, knowing he was the cause. He felt powerful, so male, dominant. Kylo pulled out slowly leaving just his head inside and then began thrusting into her hard and fast, gripping her hips as he thrusted forward. Rey couldn't believe how good this felt. His silky hardness pounding into her, stretching her walls, and making them twinge in little grips of discomfort. The slight pain pushed her arousal a notch higher. She wasn't holding back, moans, grunts and groans were coming out of her with every Ren's move. Rey wanted Kylo to use her body for his pleasure. She wanted him to take her hard. Having him take what he wanted was exciting to her. He was thrusting hard, gradually speeding up the pace. She began to shudder and he pushed his thumb against her clitoris, pressing it into their joining and rubbing side to side. "I am gonna come!" Rey cried out. She shrieked his name as her walls clenched around him. "Kylo!" Rey held herself tight against him, grinding into him as her orgasm washed through her. He began bucking up harder as her pulses slowed down. She reached behind her to rub his testicles and squeeze them gently. "Yeah, Kylo, come for me." Her words were enough for him to release into her with a shout. "Rey! Oh my God, Rey!" His orgasm took over and he collapsed onto her aroused body. She chuckled and kissed his nose. "I love you," she whispered and he lifted up his head. "I know," he replied and clasped his arm around her. Author's note: 1644 words of smut kay dis not healthy