So Apparently the Team has a New Player Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck He was going to be late. Even if it was just an open practice, he wanted to be on time. Hux leapt out of the car, not even managing a goodbye to his father in his haste. He'd probably get a lecture for not at least thanking him, but he'd deal with that later. He broke into a run the second his feet touched the ground, hurrying across the parking lot and into the rink's lobby. He didn't bother to check in at the front desk, not like he needed to. His presence was enough to explain why he was there. He walked quickly, paying no attention to any of the activity going on in the hall. From the looks and smell of it, a hockey game had just gotten out in the other rink. He wrinkled his nose. The the team collectively smelled like a gym sock. While his focus was on the moving mass of stench that was the team, his foot got caught in the shoulder strap of some idiot's hockey bag that was placed a few feet too far from the wall. He stumbled forward, barely catching himself. An annoyed grumble rumbled in his throat, but he didn't have time to do much more than shake his foot loose and kick the the side of the bag. He broke into the left rink room, throwing his bag under the bench and himself on top of it. In a flurry of laces and blade guards, his skates were tied and he was leaping on to the ice. The smooth sliding feeling was ecstasy. Hux broke into a slow stroking pattern, trying to reacquaint his muscles to the ice. The feeling of stress from earlier was gone. Nothing really seemed to matter when he was on the ice. It was familiar and pleasant. After a few laps, he slid to a halt in front of the boards. He threw his leg up on the edge, stretching his arm over to grab under his toe. Repeating the motion with his other leg, he finally took a moment to survey the rink. There was a group of small children skating around, tripping over themselves and each other in an attempt to play tag. The far side of the rink was sectioned off for another hockey practice. Aside from those two groups, the ice was mostly empty, which was advantageous for him. He'd been planning on practicing his lutz. It was absolute hell trying to practice lutzes on crowded ice. Hux skated away from the edge, pulling each of his arms to the side until a satisfying popping noise came from his shoulders. Finally content with his stretching, he turned backwards, immediately bending his knees into a near sitting position as he began his backwards crossovers. Gaining enough speed, he crossed his left leg over his right, then his right over his left before digging his left toe pick into the ice. He whipped his arms in, wrapping his arms across his chest, managing two rotations in the air before coming down with nothing more than the crunch of his toe pick in the ice. This process went on for almost a whole hour, after which he was confident in his double lutz as well as very sweaty. Three rotations would be his next goal, but for now, he would stick with something simpler. He could already tell his legs would be sore tomorrow. He skated back to the boards, throwing his leg back up over the edge. For now, he could work on spins. That would probably put less stress on his knees. The center ice was devoid of other bodies, so he stroked his way over, coming to a graceful stop in the middle. He pushed backwards, moving into a wind up for the spin. Getting to the right point, he stood up straight and kicked his leg out. Getting into the biellman position was difficult enough by itself and being male didn't help, but he grasped the blade of his right skate, pulling it up over his head to the point where he was almost doing a split. So much for not being sore tomorrow. His hamstring was going to feel like a busted up rubber band. After enough rotations to actually have him feeling dizzy, he dropped his foot, allowing it to slide down his left leg and cross over his other foot until he checked out, swinging his foot gracefully behind him. The sound of someone clapping reached his ears. The source was the only real friend he'd accumulated through his years skating. While normally hockey players were some of the most obnoxious people on earth, Phasma was actually bearable despite her unrelenting sarcastic remarks. "I honestly don't know how your genitals put up with that. I can't even do the splits on the ground," she said, the clapping coming to a stop. Hux shrugged. Initially, the process of getting his foot over his own head was pretty painful, but enough practice had ground the sharp pain that always accompanied having his leg in that position down to a dull ache. "I guess it isn't so bad anymore. If you force your leg into painful positions a often as possible, you get used to it," he said. "So what brought you over here? I thought there was a game going on across the way." Phasma shook her head, starting to skate slowly. Hux followed suit, skating backwards in front of her so he could face her while they spoke. "No, it was just a very vigorous practice. We were getting the new kid accustomed to our drills," she explained. Hux tilted his head curiously. "I didn't think you were accepting any new players right now. Isn't it a little late in the season anyway?" "We weren't going to accept anyone new, but we lost a player. Finn moved and he won't be able to make it to this ice anymore, so we needed a new right wing." Hux quietly pretended to know what the hell right wing meant. "So who'd you get?" He didn't expect to know the person, but he was curious. Phasma snorted. "Some weird emo kid. Apparently he used to play for some team called The Knights, but his family moved here. He's not half bad, but he refuses to communicate with anyone else and that makes things sort of confusing if you're trying to play." "All I wanted was a name," Hux said. "Oh pardon me," she began sarcastically. "His name is Ben or something. That's what his mom called him before she left. The he asked us to call him something like Kyle. We're all just going to call him by his last name like pretty much everyone else on the team, so if you meet Solo, that's him." Hux nodded. Personally, he didn't really feel like meeting anyone else from the team. From what he'd seen, The Order, which was the weirdest team name he'd ever heard, was Phasma and a bunch of nit-wits who liked to hit things with sticks. They also seemed to be rather fond of making fun of Hux's sport which was probably one of the main reasons he didn't want to be around them. "I'll...keep an eye out for him," he said, not even trying to sound genuine. Phasma snorted again. "If you tried a little harder, you might be halfway convincing." Hux shrugged. "I'm probably never going to meet the guy. What's the point of knowing his name?" He asked, crossing his feet one over another to keep moving. She shrugged. "I don't know. You seem similar. Brooding. Angry. If you ever meet him I'm sure you'd click on a personal level." "Ha ha. Hilarious. You should really start writing down this material. I'm sure you'd make millions," he muttered, mustering as much sarcasm as he could. Hux stepped forward on to his right foot, doing a small, graceful three turn and bouncing on to his left toe pick. Phasma watched him carefully, mimicking the three turn but stopping before the jump. Her skates, being ones made for hockey, didn't have any spikes to jump on. "I saw a guy do a jump with two rotations in hockey skates the other day." Hux looked at her incredulously. "What kind of jump was it? And how broken was his ankle?" "I don't know. It was that one you had a really hard time landing for like a year and a half. And he actually landed it, just on two feet. Plus he almost fell forward right on to his face. It probably would have been better if that had happened," she mused. "Oh, an axel. That is actually pretty impressive. Getting two rotations in the air is actually hard." She nodded. "I'd never do it. I couldn't risk the broken anything. I'm pretty sure the idiots I call my team wouldn't be able to function without me." Hux slid to a stop, Phasma stopping a few feet away from him. He was about to ask how she'd even known he was here, when she pulled her phone from her pocket. It was making an impatient buzzing noise, the notification light going off. "Aww crap. Apparently I am still needed and have been needed for the past few minutes," she said, pocketing her phone. "I'll see you later, ginger snap." She skated off, sliding to a stop in front of the door, a flurry of ice hitting the wall next to her. Hux only managed a "Don't call me that!" Before she was out of earshot. "I swear to God..." he muttered under his breath, pushing back into a wind up for another spin. Chapter 2 : Despite Only Knowing This Kid For 5 Minutes, He Seems Weird Summary: Wow, it continues. If you haven't picked up, the little itty bitty center player is Rey. I'm totally gonna make then gay. Hux sighed, tossing his things down beside his desk. This was the last class of the day and then he was free. He had more practice after school and in a rare bout of kindness he'd actually agreed to attend one of Phasma's games, though if he was being honest, it was more of a favor to himself. His parents had been arguing a bit louder than usual and it was becoming more and more unbearable. The longer he didn't have to be home the better. Sitting through his exceedingly long English class was Hell. There was no practical reason to be trying to find the symbolic reasoning behind this authors use of colors. Had literature teachers ever just considered that maybe some authors had a favorite color? Or maybe they didn't really care and had just picked some random color? Apparently not. By the time he was on the third page of the packet he'd received about possible symbols hidden throughout texts, he sort of wanted to whack his head on the desk until he passed out. The class went on for another forty-five soul cleaving minutes, the majority of which Hux spent between wanting to scratch his eyes out and thinking about his triple lutz. As soon as the bell rang, he was out of his seat, taking off towards the front of the school. His mother was supposedly picking him up today which was a relief as far as he was concerned. While she could be a bit overbearing, it was better than the constant feeling of scrutiny he got from his father. He waited out front for a few minutes before the small, silver car rolled up into the parking lot. Hux dashed across the crosswalk and to the parking spot where his mother had pulled in. Siobhan Hux was a slight woman with coppery hair a few shades lighter than her son's. Normally on days like today when Hux needed a ride to the rink, she was busy with work, but she had a rare afternoon off and she was about as keen on spending it with Brendol Sr as her son was. As soon as Hux's face appeared in the window, she clicked the button on the key fob, unlocking the door so he could get in. Hux set his bag in the foot space crawling in after it, his knees bumping the dash even though the seat was almost as far back as it would go. This car really was too small. He pulled his seatbelt into place, reaching around his chair for his skate bag which he'd dropped there earlier. He pulled them over the center divide, setting them in his lap. "So how was your day?" Siobhan asked, backing out of her parking spot and leaving the parking lot. Hux sighed. "It was alright, though some of my classes are tempting be to hang myself. His mother took one of her hands from the wheel long enough to swat him on the arm. "Brendol Hux, you will not make jokes about that," she scolded, giving him an extra cuff on the shoulder for emphasis. "Sorry," he murmured, pulling his arm away in case she tried anything else. Siobhan relaxed slightly though her posture was still tense. She wanted to make it clear that she didn't like jokes like that, especially from him. She was always worried because he seemed so serious. It was hard to bear the thought. "You're staying after your practice to watch Phasma play, right?" She asked, glancing over at him for a moment before turning back to keep her eyes on the road. Hux nodded. "Yes. I think the game is scheduled to end around 7:30, but I'll text you if something changes." His mother gave an affirming nod of her head. "So are you and Phasma... dating or something?" she asked curiously. "No! We are not," he said hastily, glancing over at his mother, a mortified look on his face. "We are just friends, that's all." Siobhan nodded though she wasn't entirely convinced. Phasma was the only girl Hux had ever taken an interest in. Throughout his school years if he'd ever managed to make friends, they were always male and had never spoken of liking any girls, but then again, Hux almost never told them anything. She blamed that on herself more than she did Hux. Her and Brendol had spent most of their son's youth arguing and she had a feeling that some of the fears of trying to address them while mid fight still lingered in him. She turned into the parking lot of the rink, stopping in front of the huge building and leaning over to place a kiss on Hux's forehead. "Have fun and be safe. No broken ankles." Hux, slung his skate bag over his shoulder, replying with a "Yes mom," and getting out of the car, shutting the door behind him. He walked into the rink's lobby, checking in quickly before making his way into the left rink room. It looked like the right rink was occupied by hockey players practicing for tonight's game. He cringed internally. It was probably going to stink later. He sat down on one of the many benches, pulling his skates out. He tucked his pants under his heels so they wouldn't ride up while he skated and put both of his skates on, tying the black laces almost to the point of discomfort. The main door was blocked by a family trying to take pictures of their daughter trying to skate and falling. It took a rather loud and impatient "Excuse me," to get them out of the way. He spent some time going through the motions of his same stroking and stretching routine, doing a few small jumps to get his legs feeling steady. He needed to work on his triple lutz and loop. Basically his triple everything. Aside from toe loops and flips, three rotations were hard to achieve in the air. He wasn't going to attempt a triple axel any time soon. If he broke anything, he'd have to be out for weeks and that wasn't an option. Being out for more than a few weeks completely ruined all muscle memory and he couldn't have that. The next two hours were spent practicing his lutz, loop, and salchow. His salchow came the closest to actually being decent, but his left foot always managed to touch the ice on his landing. He swore internally every time. The huge clock on the wall said it was 5:14. There were sixteen minutes until Phasma's game started, so this was probably an optimum time to call it quits. He'd be back to practice later anyways. Hux stepped off the ice, plopping down on the bench next to his bag. He pulled a towel out, wiping the slush from his blades and the droplets of water off the black leather boots. He untied his skates, pulling them off his feet with a relieved sigh. His socks, combined with the patterns of stitches inside his skates had left angry red indentations in his feet. He pulled his socks back on to his feet and slipped into his shoes, slinging his bag over his shoulder as he exited the left rink. The right rink was far more crowded and almost too noisy. The bleachers off to the sides of the rink were filled with people, half parents, half people in his own age range, probably friends. He was about to cross the room to find a spot on the bleachers when he felt a large, heavily padded arm on his shoulders. He twisted around, coming face to face with Phasma's black and silver helmet. Her eyes glinted out from under the protective face mask. "What have I told you about sneaking up behind me?" He asked, squirming free. Even without all her gear on, Phasma had an imposing build, but with the extra three or four inches from her skates and the padding that covered every inch of her body, she looked scarier. That was probably why she played center. Though he very rarely listened during the countless times she explained the hockey positions, he knew center players were there to look intimidating during the face-offs. Phasma was an excellent pick for job. "You always tell me not to do it. That's sort of why I do it." Hux rolled his eyes. "Shouldn't you be on the ice? Intimidating the other team and flaunting your, dare I say, excessive height?" Phasma shrugged. "I've got a minute. Plus I wanted to make sure you weren't going to bail on me. I don't know how I'd even play if I thought you weren't out there supporting the team," she said, putting a thickly gloved hand to her helmet. "Just go get out there." He gave her a shove toward the ice,barely moving her. He could tell she was grinning through her face mask as she dashed on to the ice. Never would he suggest she try out as a figure skater. She moved with little grace, though lucky for her, that wasn't really necessary for what she did. Hux made his way across the room, taking a spot on the lowest seat next to the ice. He could see straight across to the other side where the boxes were. Most of the players were sitting on the boards, their feet dangling over the ice, waiting to be called into play. Phasma was on already, leaning against the boards and talking to the coach. It was almost another full ten minutes before the game began. There was a loud air horn like noise and six players from each side jumped down, skating to their positions. Phasma skated from where she'd been leaning against the boards, gripping her stick loosely until she got into position in the middle. The other team's center skated out to greet her. The other padded figure looked tiny,compared to her. Actually whoever it was would probably look tiny compared to most people. The center player was only about 5,4" by his best guess, and that was with skates on. If Phasma fell, she was going to squish them. A puck was slid out between them and they centered it between their sticks. Another loud noise sounded from the overhead speaker and the two of them immediately locked together, trying to fish the puck free to pass it to their own team. The smaller figure eventually succeeded, quickly passing it to one of their orange-clad team mates. Phasma skated after the person wth the puck, while the little person skated further out in front, waiting for it to get passed back to them From what he could remember, the center was the one who passed the puck back and forth between the two wings. Though to him it just looked like a lot of idiots swinging sticks. At the half, the score was 1-0. The Order was in the lead which was nice. Phasma got bitchy when her team lost. Both teams were in their repetitive boxes, chatting about strategy or something. The last part of the game hadn't looked like it had possessed much in the way of strategy, but Hux probably wasn't the best judge. He was barely even sure who had the puck most of the time. Some of the players switched out and they were back on the ice again. Phasma had kept her role as the counter position, as had the tiny center player who eagerly skated back out to meet her. There was similar grappling for the puck as the game restarted but this time Phasma managed to get control, passing it off to the right. As soon as one of the similarly dressed players had it they began skating forward with vigor, dodging several of what Hux was pretty sure were called defensemen in orange. The player looked like they were about to set up for a shot when one of the orange players from the other team swooped in, jabbing their stick wildly at the puck. It skidded several feet across the ice and both players quickly converged on it. The player from Phasma's team got their first, scooping up the puck and circling around quickly for another try. More players fromThe Order had crowded that side of the ice no doubt to try and help their team mate. The player set up again, this time actually managing to make the shot. About half the crowd cheered. Hux himself was quiet. Screaming about sports wasn't really his speed. The game went on for close to forty-five minutes, in which the other team scored once. The Order wasn't as lucky, but their existing two points was enough to give them the win. There was a borderline unnecessary amount of cheering from the stands with people standing and clapping and hooting. Hux stood, moving away from the crowd. He could go congratulate Phasma on her win and then hopefully leave. He had some reading for an assignment he wanted to finish before it got to late. Phasma apparently had other ideas. As soon as Hux got close enough, she had grabbed his arm, pulling him with her, her reasoning being "You can't just congratulate me. The whole team helped." He begrudgingly agreed, mostly on the basis that Phasma's gloved hand had a vice-like hip on his wrist. She pulled him along, out to the lobby where the rest of the team was waiting. Most of them had removed their helmets and were shouting, high-fiving, and jabbing at each other with their sticks. They all smelled like the inside of a PE locker room and they looked like a bunch of morons. Only one of them was standing off to the side, helmet still on. The team clearly wasn't going to have this. "C'mon Solo! That second point you got was great. Get over here!" So that was the Solo Phasma had been talking about? At least he didn't seem as annoying as the rest of them. Solo reached for his helmet, removing it after undoing the chin strap. He had pale skin, not unlike Hux's, a large nose and ears, and an even bigger scowl on his face. "How many times do I have to tell you to not call me that?" The team seemed amused by the outburst, but they continued to yell amongst themselves, talking about the game, Solo forgotten. He huffed, leaning against the wall. Hux thought he was going to have to talk to the team, but Phasma directed him toward the wall where the single disgruntled player leaned. "Hey Solo, this is Hux, the figure skater I was talking about," she said, pulling Hux up in from of her. Solo seemed as uninterested as he had a few seconds ago. Hux put out a hand, trying to be polite. "Hello," he said, trying to keep the disinterest from his own voice. Solo raised his eyebrows, clearly amused by the gesture. "Hey," he mumbled, taking Hux's hand in his own and giving it a single firm shake before pulling it back. Hux took back his own hand, turning to look to Phasma so he could excuse himself to leave, but she had disappeared into her own team. He scowled, leaning against the wall himself. The last thing he'd expected was for Solo to pipe up. "So how's skating?" "It's fine I suppose,"he replied, looking back at him. Now that his frustrated scowl had disappeared for the most part, Hux had the opportunity to inspect his face more closely. Solo's eyes were a darkish brown color and his face was dotted with little moles. The side of his face had a diagonal pink line running down it. Probably some kind of hockey injury if he had to guess. "Why do you ask?" Solo shrugged, the motion sliding him against the wall. "Curious." Hux thought that was the end of it, but he spoke again, this time asking "Is it hard?" "It's definitely not easy. It requires a lot of combined strength, balance, and flexibility." The words sounded so cheesy coming out. Then again, most of the people who played hockey couldn't care less about what figure skaters did. If nothing else this was an interesting change of pace. He looked like he was about to speak again, but Hux's phone buzzed loudly, making a chiming sound as it vibrated in his pocket. "Sorry," he murmured, pulling his phone from his pocket. There was a message from his mother. 'Bren, it's already 7:49. I'm out front in the car.' He shoved his phone back in his pocket. "I have to go. I suppose I'll see you again," he said, turning towards the front doors. He really didn't intend on seeing him again. Solo said nothing, just nodded at him and turned his eyes to the ceiling. Hux waved in Phasma's general direction, hoping she'd see it and know he was leaving. He jogged out of the lobby, pushing the doors open and allowing them to shut noisily behind him. His mother's silver car was sitting in the U-shaped driveway as promised. "Sorry," he murmured, as soon as he'd sat down in the passenger seat. "It's alright,' Siobhan replied, stating the car and driving out of the rink's parking lot. "I hope you had fun." Hux nodded. He wouldn't exactly call it fun. It was mildly entertaining at most. He just didn't understand the appeal of hockey. The ride home was silent. Hux didn't want any conversation and luckily enough, his mother didn't start any. When they arrived back at their house, Hux hopped out of the car, murmuring a small "Thanks" to his mother before I king off his shoes, putting then on a shelf in the garage and entering the house. Hux's footsteps went quiet as he walked up the stairs He didn't feel like dealing with his father and as long as he wasn't alerted to his presence, there wouldn't be any problem. He managed to make it to his room without being disturbed. He set his bag down, removing his skates and propping them up together under his bed. He briefly considered taking a shower, but he didn't feel like getting in. He could just do it tomorrow morning. His skating clothes came off and his pajamas came on and he flounced back on to his bed, grabbing his book. It was only 8:07 so he had an hour or so to read. That would be a nice way to end the day. It had only been a few minutes when he heard the muffled shouts coming from downstairs He couldn't tell what the argument was about and he really didn't want to. He sighed, shifting to lay out on his stomach. They'd stop eventually. One of them would get tired or leave or just give up. He just had to wait until that happened. He buried his nose deeper in Lord of the Flies, kicking his legs on the bed to try and make some noise to block it out. It wasn't very effective. Hux read five or six chapters. The whole time, the arguing didn't stop. When he finally looked back up at the clock it was 9:32. He could probably stop now. He set the book down on his nightstand, reaching for his phone. He still needed to find a song for his next program. He opened his YouTube app, scrolling through several playlists of classical music. None of it really seemed to great. He needed to have a song before he could start working on choreography and he needed to have choreography in the next two months. He signed and set his phone down. Not much he could do about that now. He reached up and twisted the little knob to turn his lamp off. He laid back, twisting on to his side and bending his knees into a comfortable position. The sound of one of his parents slamming the garage door as they left was the last thing he heard before he drifted off. Chapter 3 : Ok Yeah, this Kid is Weird Summary: low key what am I doing with my life Notes: Ok firstly, I'd like to apologize for last chapter. Hockey is played in periods, not halves. I feel like such a dork rn, but I might fix it so who knows. Secondly, this took forever to write, so dear anyone that actually like this, I am very sorry. Thirdly, I need to figure out more stuff about skating competitions. For someone who skates I only know like four things. Today had not been a good day for jumps. While attempting a triple lutz, Hux had managed to land on the flat part of blade and his foot had slipped out from under him, causing a prompt and quite painful collision between his ass and the ice. While it had been easy enough to brush off a simple fall, the same thing kept happening over and over again. He'd actually manage the proper number of rotations in the air and then land wrong and completely botch the whole thing. As anyone could imagine, this was extremely frustrating. So instead of giving himself an ulcer and a possible bruised tailbone, he decided to work on foot work and possible choreography for the program he was eventually going to have to figure out. He'd been procrastinating the past few days. He couldn't find a single damn song he wanted to use. Despite that, he refused to let his coach have any say in what music he'd be using. Hux never agreed to any song he wasn't entirely on board with, and if he was being entirely honest, her music taste was awful. Foot work was possibly his least favorite thing about skating. Jumps and spins were easy. There wasn't some kind of creative aspect to them unless you wanted to get crafty, you just did them. Foot work required so much thought in order to be actually decent. He would probably have to actually talk to his coach about this. He began on his toe pick, bouncing forward, landing on the opposite foot facing backward. After a few minutes of trying to get a feel for the motions, he fell into a pattern of small jumps, skips and twizzles paced to some imaginary music in his head. He decided he would have to remember some of this. If he wrote it down he could use it to practice off later and maybe even incorporate some of it into his program later. Typically Hux usually prided himself on being a very alert, especially while on the ice. It was a necessary skill when one wanted when speeding backwards through crowds on skates was almost a daily occurrence, so by his standards, it took him a surprisingly long time to notice the person watching him. At first he'd thought he was being crazy, not to mention, people were always watching him. He was good at what he was doing. He didn't blame them. Then he noticed the face. It was Solo. He wasn't skating around ridiculously fast or getting in everyone's way like most hockey players who came to open sessions. He was just sitting, perched atop the boards like some gangly, skate-wearing crow with his eyes glued on Hux. That's not weird at all he thought to himself, trying to avoid staring back at him. That would just make it even weirder. He started with the sequence again, but he was having trouble focusing with the dark pair of eyes on him. It wouldn't have been too odd if Solo had announced himself beforehand, but instead, he was just watching him. It was getting progressively weirder. Any time Hux would pause during the sequence, he would look over and Solo would still be watching him. Eventually it had reached the point where Hux was missing step right and left, trying to see if he was still being watched. He always was. He decided it would be best to just ask him why he was being like this. Being forward with people was his forte. He slid to a stop in the middle of the ice, then skated to the boards where he was seated. "Do you need something?" He asked tersely, coming to a stop a foot or so away from him. Solo looked at him, seeming almost surprised that he'd actually come over to confront him. He was silent for a moment before replying. "You're just so teeny." Hux's face scrunched in confusion. Did he really just say that? Nobody could actually be that upfront. Especially not with someone they'd barely met. "Excuse me?" "I mean, you're not short or anything, you're just super skinny. How do you throw yourself around like that? You look just like, really tiny," he said as if there was nothing odd about anything he was saying. Hux stared at him with his eyebrows raised, confusion clearly etched on his face. So apparently it was possible to be that socially incompetent. He'd have never guessed. "I guess I'm just very good at hiding muscle. Perhaps it's the back pants. It's a very slimming color." Solo didn't seem entirely pleased by the answer, but thankfully didn't say anything else about his physique. He instead hopped down, joining Hux on the ice with a solid clacking sound from the blades of his skates. "So what are you working on?"he asked, skating off and forcing Hux to follow. Why does he even care? He thought, skating beside him, trying to watch his face for any kind of motive. He seemed genuinely curious. Why was the real question here. "Footwork sequence," he said simply. Trying to get into any more specific terminology would probably just confuse him. Solo nodded, looking at his skates as he moved. "So what brings you here?" Hux asked, hoping that he'd showed up to get some practice time in while the ice was relatively clear. "I wanted to see you skate," he said shrugging. "Phasma said you were good." This was getting more uncomfortable by the minute. Why was Phasma talking about him? "Uh, alright," he said, trying to look anywhere but the person skating next to him. Solo looked up from his skates. "If it makes you feel any better, you look like you do petty well." Hux nodded slowly. "Thanks." He paused, looking around the rink."So Solo-" He was abruptly cut off by him interjecting "Not Solo!" Hux was taken aback by the outburst, his eyebrows going up in surprise. Solo, err, Not Solo seemed to calm down, almost like he hadn't expected himself to shout out like that. "Kylo. Please just call me that. I really don't like that name." "Sure, alright, Kylo," Hux said, putting his hands up defensively. "Can I ask why though?" "Solo is my dad's last name. Among other things, he was sub par as a father, so I really don't like being associated with his surname,' he muttered. Hux had just been expecting some weird answer like a mix up or a name from a friend That didn't really seem like something you just confessed to someone you barely knew. "Where'd Kylo come from?" "It's from my old team. The kid I replaced was named Kyle a and I guess his last name was like Osbourne or something and they always referred to him as Kyle O. I guess saying Kyle O was a force of habit because they kept calling me that. It stuck and we combined the words and they always called me that." "So you were were ok with always being called someone else's name?" He asked. Kylo snorted. "Anything was better than my actual name. I was named after some old family friend who I never met, so either way, I get someone else's name." Hux nodded. He couldn't really think of a response to that, but he'd developed a disliking for his name as well. The name Brendol ran in his family. Most of the men ended up with that name. To him though, that name was only associated with his father. He despised his that man. Never once in his sixteen years had Brendol Hux Sr taken the opportunity to be a decent parent. "So what do you even skate for?" Kylo asked, raising his eyebrow. "Like there's no games or anything is there?" Hux looked at him incredulously. "You're joking right? Have you honestly never seen I don't know, the Olympics? Or any other ice skating competition?" Kylo shrugged. "I don't pay a lot of attention to those kinds of things. You might not have guessed it, but I'm more of a hockey person," he muttered sarcastically. "I had figured as much, I just thought you'd have known that was what skaters do. We make programs so we can compete." The dark haired boy shrugged again, wobbling between his inside and outside edge on a single foot to keep him moving. "So are you working on some sort of program now?" He asked. "Well sort of," Hux began. "I don't have a very good idea of what I want to do or even what music I'm owing to use, but I have a few months before I really need to start worrying." That was a lie. He was already worrying. Kylo actually looked interested at the mention of music. "Do you want any help with picking a song?" Hux made an amused noise in the back of his throat. "I don't know if it is in my best interest to trust the backbone of my program to someone who's apparently never even seen a figure skating competition," he said, giving him a pointed look. "Well then show me some of this stuff. I can figure it out easy enough and I personally have pretty great music taste," Kylo insisted. Hux snorted again, sliding to a stop in front of the boards where Kylo had been sitting and watching him earlier. He hadn't even noticed, but they'd probably made several laps around the rink. "No offense, but I really don't want to be skating to My Chemical Romance or whatever that band is called." Kylo rolled his eyes. "I get enough quips about being an emo teenager from my dad. You don't need to start too. Plus I don't just like them. I'm sure you'd like some of the stuff I listen to." Hux considered for a moment. "Maybe."