"How's your classes been going?" "Fine, nothing much. Applied physics is fine, so is the rest of my classes. Nothing out of the ordinary," "Good, we're expecting that you'll excel in your classes. Don't disappoint," "Yes, mother," "Good boy. Your father isn't here right now so he'll have to speak to you next week," "Okay," "Goodbye dear," "Goodbye," The line ended, and Hux was left listening to the endless humming of the cut line. It was the same thing every week. His mother would call in expecting a whole report on classes and campus life and he would respond in the same tired and nonchalant voice. It was three years of this. Hux had been wanting full removal from the city and household he was to call home, but was unable to escape due to these repetitive calls. He walked over to the small couch in the far corner of his room and fell over.At least his parents were nice enough to pay for his rent and furniture. But then again he didn't have any say in location or college. Hux dragged his hand across his face and forcefully exhaled. He never really had say in anything. Hux looked up at his same off-white ceiling and tried to let his thoughts carry him off into a dreamless sleep. That was all he could do for the time being. Eventually his eyelids began to drop and breathes evened out, but before he could,knocking echoed from the other room. A loud grunt was let out in annoyance while Hux pulled himself away from the couch. He ran his hand through his now messy hair and attempted to fix his already crinkled shirt. Hux swung the door open and his face went back to his stoic expression. He didn't really care who was behind the door or who saw him in his unkempt state, he just wanted to go to sleep. He met eyes with a man with dark brown hair and glasses perched on top of his head. Hux noticed the other's build and the red shirt and black leather jacket. He looked up to make eye contact once more but noticed the smirk pulling on the strangers face. "See something you like?" His voice was smooth yet quirky. "No," Hux scoffed, "Besides, what do you want and why are you outside my door?" "Well I just moved in next door and was going to tell you know that I'm not the quietest of neighbours," "…sure," "I think I should put this another way," He stepped closer to Hux, leaving small space between. "I don't think there's a point in me saying sorry for anything that's gonna happen in the near future, even if it effects you," "Should I feel threatened?" Hux inquired in a flat voice. "Should you?" His smirk returned, pulling his lips once more. Hux wanted to see where this was going but sleep was saying otherwise. "Fine. I don't care. Just don't interfere with my life, which doesn't look like something you have," Hux turned to leave, before being stopped once again by another remark. "Ouch, I guess we'll just have to be enemies," "Well I'm not necessarily one for friends," "I can tell," Hux looked straight at the other with the sudden urge to make him regret ever existing. "Goodbye," "Wait," As Hux was closing the door he managed to keep the door slightly open. "What do you want?" Now the guy was just getting on his nerves. "What's your name?" "None of your concern," "C'mon, I'll bug you if you don't," "I don't care," "Fine," the pressure on the other side of the door was gone.Hux popped his head out and was left seeing an empty hallway. He locked the door up and went back into his bedroom. After reevaluating the current events he remembered how awful he looked and noticed he really didn't look like had many 'friends'. Hux was never a social person and probably never will be. He keeps to himself and only speaks when called upon or asked a question. But that wasn't the problem now. The problem is that when he has to study he's probably gonna be bombarded with crap music and endless yelling. Hux was tempted to pick up his phone and call his parents about this mess but decided against it. He was curious to see where this is going. The ring of his phone pulled him out of his thoughts. He picked it up and placed by his ear not bothering with caller id. "Hello?" "Hux where are you?!" "What?" "You're supposed to be up here." "For what?" "Oh my god I can't believe you forgot, it's only been an hour since I saw you," "I'm sorry, and I know you made reservations, but I can't make it today I ran into a bit of a problem," "First off, I didn't make reservations and second, what's the issue?" Hux didn't think he would make it this far but carried on continuing to come up with reasons why he couldn't make it. Maybe two hours of sleep wasn't enough. "Nothing, I just have to explain to my about why I didn't pick up when they called, and you know how that can last for hours," The excuse was only half true, but enough to get her off his back. She grunted in response and said that she would swing by tomorrow before hanging up. Hux sighed and retreated under the sheets of his bed and falling a sleep almost immediately. "Fridays suck ass," "Not as much as your attitude," as muffled voice was heard from the far wall. "Oh my fucking god, shut the fuck up!" "Ooh, I'm afraid," "Please just let me sleep," He whined. "Hey it's not my fault you didn't get your beauty rest," the disembodied voice was becoming more of a nuisance than what it originally was. "JUST SHUT-" Hux's voice was cut off, his voiced has to strained to yell anymore. He did enough yelling the previous night. Hux dragged himself out of the bed and walked over to his desk where paper was conveniently placed. He dug a pen from inside his bag and wrote a few insulting phrases before crumbling it up and tossing it into a metal basket. This process continued until he was finally okay with the detailed complaint. Hux got up walked outside into the hallway looked around before going back inside and shouting, "hey asshole!". As soon as he shouted there was a response. Hux walked in the direction of the smart ass remark and managed to slide the lined paper under the door. "Maybe that should take care of future disagreements," Hux whispered to himself. He went back to bed, this time successfully falling asleep, without disturbances. Notes: I really have no idea where I'm going with this 乁(ツ)ㄏ and constructive criticism is welcomed