" - speak now or forever hold your peace," says the officiant. "I object!" screams a voice in the crowd, and a heavily veiled figure stands and stomps up the aisle to the altar. Rey sighs heavily. On either side of her, Poe and Finn sigh heavily. "It's not like we didn't expect something like this," Finn says quietly, and squeezes her hand. The figure rips off some of the veils, and exposes his face to the happy (now not quite so happy) trio. It's Kylo Ren. Of course it's Kylo Ren. "You can't get married because I say you can't," he says smugly. "Now take off those rings, and give me The Girl™, or else." "Chewie," says Rey in a bored voice. "A little help here." Chewie is the best man, and he is wearing a sparkly silver tie, which looks magnificent on him and compliments his luscious fur quite beautifully. (Not really relevant, but nice to think about.) He grabs a handful of Kylo's veils and lifts him by the scruff of his neck like a kitten (a really unpleasant kitten), carries him to the nearest rosebush, and deposits him there. It's a huge bush and full of sharp thorns. (Of course they're getting married in a garden - a beautiful garden full of bushes and fountains and flowers. It was Poe's idea.) It takes some time for the vows to be completed, because Finn is smiling too hard to say the words, and Poe starts crying tears of joy, and BB-8's circuits short from excitement and everything stops while Rey fixes it. BB-8 is the droid of honour, of course, and rocks a snazzy bow tie. So by the time a round of kisses is exchanged, to thunderous applause, and the three of them turn to toss their bouquets, Kylo has managed to fight his way through enough layers of veils and thorns to get at his lightsaber, and everyone freezes in horror at the familiar shnbzzzzzz . "Stop right there!" Kylo yells, storming up the aisle again. "All right, let's try this again. Take off those rings, give me The Girl™, and don't try to stop me while I'm leaving." Rey throws the nearest object at him, which is her bouquet, which would have some pretty gross implications except that he instinctively slashes it with the lightsaber, and it explodes in a flurry of singed rose petals. Kylo spits bits of rose out and gestures dramatically for Rey to step forward, and unfortunately, what with him waving that lightsaber all over the place, she really doesn't have much choice. Before she does, she says quietly to the others "Initiate Defense Sequence Beta" in binary, and BB-8 surreptitiously zooms out of there. So when Kylo reaches the other end of the aisle, with Rey at lightsaberpoint, the officiant (one aged but still highly charming Lando Calrissian) pulls a blaster out from under the altar and hands it to Finn, who shoots Kylo in the back. Or tries to, because of course Kylo does the spin-around-and-hold-the-blaster-bolt-in-midair thing, but that gives BB-8 the opportunity to dash out of the shrubbery and give Rey her lightsaber, which was the designated order of operations for Defense Sequence Beta. Wedding planning is really taken to a whole new level with General Leia in charge. So Rey and Kylo have a dramatic lightsaber duel all over the garden, and a lot of bushes and fountains suffer for it. It ends with Kylo falling into a goldfish pond rather splashily. A cheeky Jawa at the back of the crowd holds up a 4 on a scoreboard. The happy trio and guests disperse to prepare for the reception, while Kylo attempts to extract duckweed from his hair. **** Later, at the reception, when dignitaries of all species have finished with the endless congratulations and enough emerald wine has been consumed that Poe is dancing, Rey pulls Finn aside. She hands him her lightsaber. "You do the honours if he comes back," she says, kissing Finn romantically on the forehead (it was definitely a very romantic forehead kiss that she gave him, romantically, just then) and goes to the buffet table for the rest of the evening. Finn, after having been romantically given a romantic kiss on his romantic forehead, romantically, goes to join Poe with the dancing. Meanwhile, just a short distance away, out in the parking lot, Captain Phasma is angry. She told those useless fucking fucks, the fucking Knights of fucking Ren, that they were not under any circumstances allowed to smoke weed in her limousine - to which they replied "OK, Captain" and pulled out a suitcase full of pot brownies. Now every single one of them is high as a kite, and the car is rocked with annoying giggling and full of brownie crumbs. Kylo Ren sits in the passenger seat, brooding moodily, mooding broodily, and ignoring the pile of giggly goths in the back. His lightsaber isn't working right. OK, that's normal, but now it's sputtering more than usual and occasionally spitting out bits of duckweed. "It's not fair," he says to Phasma. She rolls her beautiful eyes behind her helmet. "She ruins everything. She even ruined me ruining her wedding, for fuck's sake. I don't know why she hates me. All I did was kidnap and torture her a few times. My life is so hard. I hate everything." "Hey," says of the Knights, the one with the thing that looks like an electric keyboard. "Hey, K-man, are we doing shit tonight or what? You said there would be cake." "Are we there yet?" adds another, the one that rides around in a trash can. This one is clearly the highest of all. "Hold your banthas," growls Kylo. "We'll go when I'm ready." He turns on his lightsaber, which burns a hole in the windshield and spews pond water onto the upholstery. Phasma sighs. "Fine," he says, switching it off again. "I'm ready. Let's go." The bouncer is drunk on the porch, so entry isn't a problem. The problem is that his Knights are too stoned to do anything. They make it into the crowd, which screams in panic and parts around them, and then the useless fucks fall upon the buffet table and the remains of the cake, and stuff their ridiculous, ugly, pot-reeking masks as only a bunch of murderous goth stoners can. Which leaves Kylo to face off against The Girl™ alone. Except that he finds himself duelling Finn instead, and Finn is not having any of his shit, and just when they cross blades and make angry, intense eye contact his saber gives out in a burst of duckweed. He has to duck to avoid Finn lopping his head off. The only good thing is that everyone is so confused by the duckweed thing that he managed to bolt out of a window, shouting at his stupid Knights to regroup at the car. He finds Phasma reading a magazine and the Knights already in the car, mostly asleep - apparently after eating everything in sight they just bailed on him, in the depth of his second duel of the day - useless fucking fucks - Phasma tells him to quit griping or she'll leave them all at the nearest gas station. He reluctantly shuts up. He doesn't know that she's letting him off easy, because she takes pity on him and chooses not to mention that while the whole duel thing was happening, Rey came outside for some air and offered to help fix the windshield. Kylo: 0. Rey: 3. Poe: a lot. Finn: 1 Romantic forehead kiss. Notes: don't actually ever get duckweed in your hair I speak from experience & my hair is p thin :v Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Where Bad Ideas Go To Die aka crack series