Preface- Disclaimer Disclaimer: I do not own Star Wars, or any of the characters included herein, this disclaimer applies to the entirety of the work. Author’s Note: Any Original Characters (OCs) used will have small biographies at the beginning of the chapter that they are used in. Kudos and comments appreciated, but will not change the rate of uploading. Chapters will be updated weekly-biweekly (I'm trying guys), and will switch between Rey’s and Ben’s point of view. There are two letters that are added as their own “chapters”. These will be shorter than the actual text and will be uploaded simultaneously with the preceding chapter. WARNINGS: If I could make this entire section red I would. Please read, though warnings will also be tagged in the search. This story includes- Suggestive Dialogue Violence Coarse Language Sexual Situations Adult Content (sections are not necessary to read and will be barred off in sections marked NSFW) Heavy Drug Use Overdoses Active Self-Harm Attempted Suicide Mental Hospitals Minor Character Death Car Accidents Read and enjoy at your own risk. This work is rated E for a reason. If you’ve struggled through this thus far, thank you for reading, I hope to see you in the comments section! D. Azha ____________________________________________________________________________ Preface- Family Vehicle Struck by 18-Wheeler Semi-Truck on Christmas Eve- Eight Year Old Girl is the Only Survivor Heat and Pain… Fire licked at the little girl’s skin while she struggled to climb out of the smashed car. “Momma? Daddy?” She asked once she was outside, hoping, praying that they had made it out before her. Every year in school there was a demonstration about what to do if the house was on fire. They never once mentioned cars. There were no comforting voices. Rey limped around in a circle, looking for someone, anyone. The only thing that she could hear was the sound of metal warping and sirens coming. Turning, the wreckage was laid out before her, just like in the pictures that would be taken for all of the newspapers in the small little town before she was ferried off between orphanages and foster care houses for nearly a year. The truck was on it’s side, wheels still turning as though they had yet to realize that nothing came of the silly action. Her parent’s car flipped upside down, all of the windows smashed, fire burning inside by the driver’s dash. Fear gripped her stomach in that moment and the decision to run was the only one that she could make. Yet, there Rey stood, rooted to the spot trying to decide whether to save her parents or to get away as soon as possible. Then the sirens got closer, a young police officer wrapped an arm around her waist and dragged her back, away from them. She had been screaming, and she wasn’t sure when she stopped. The rest of that day happened in a blur. There were firemen, police, medical technicians. They all asked so many questions that she silently ignored. ------ It was nearly two years later that they found her grandfather from where he was traveling around in Europe and brought him back to take care of her. Immediately though, he bought a house and they settled into it. Rey thought that would be the end of it, her happily ever after at ten years old. They celebrated her eleventh birthday in that house before the first move. Things have changed in the six years since then. Chapter 2 : The First Day Yes… I do… I believe… It’s almost depressing in itself that people think that “your years in high school are the best in your life”. They’re not, truthfully, they can be some of the worst. Regardless, Rey smoothed out her uniform, slipping the end of her tie beneath her blazer. The young girl tucked a stray strand of honey colored hair behind her ear as she walked up to the admissions office. After glancing at her student idea, the rough looking woman handed Rey a folder, her schedule taped to the front. “Thanks.” She grumbled, stepping out and into the hallway. “Ouch!” She exclaimed rubbing her temple once a, looking to the floor, paper airplane hit her. Scooping it up, a boy came up to her with the brightest of smiles. “Is this yours?” Rey asked, his grin infectious. His blatant disregard of the dress code was highly amusing, but simultaneously very charming. Smirking, he plucked it from her fingertips, “Yeah. I’ve been making these since I was born, or close enough rather… You’re the new girl right? I mean obviously, I know everyone that goes here except for you I guess. My name’s Poe Dameron, call me Poe or Dameron, but never at the same time. Welcome to D’Quar Academy for troubled youths.” Rey paled immediately and he nudged her lightly, “Come on, take a joke.” His easy going personality brought a genuine smile to her face, “Yeah, I am and thanks. I’m Rey Kenobi, but just Rey works.” Suddenly the folder was stolen from her hands and her arm was hooked through his and she was being dragged through the halls. Poe took the time to point out the different classrooms and areas of common use like the gym, and the cafeteria. Then they were standing outside of her first class. “I… Wow. Thanks.” Rey stated, a little breathless, shuffling a bit awkwardly. “I honestly wasn’t expecting everyone to be so nice… It’s not like this at most schools.” Rolling his eyes, “Of course not, whoever said that high school was a good time?” His remark was playful and teasing. However, nothing brought light to his eyes quite so suddenly as when he saw, “Finn!” He exclaimed, clearing his throat before stuffing his hands into his pockets, walking as casually as possible over to the dark-skinned junior. Rey had to retain her chuckle because said junior looked nearly as excited to see her new friend. “Uh… Finn this is Rey, she’s new. Rey this is Finn, my, uh, best friend.” His introduction was awkward at best, but it made her smile nonetheless. “Hi, wow, you’re pretty. I hope someone’s told you that before” He smiled quickly and then looked to Poe, giving him a bright and genuine smile, “Of course Poe here is Mr. Pretty though. Could have any girl in the school that he wanted.” There was a hint of sadness in his tone, but Poe smirked. Rey took a deep breath and let it out dramatically, thinking to herself that it might kill her to get these two idiots together. Finn cut into her thoughts though by pushing Poe back slightly with his elbow as a few scared looking first years scuttled down the hall. Poe in turn pulled Rey along with him, “Come on, we better get going. That’ll be Kylo Ren and his minions.” The term came out icy, but with an emotion buried beneath it. Shaking her head, “No,” Rey stated, “I’ve got to stay here. Class… Remember?” Poe plucked a small note from inside of his pocket and scribbled his number on it while she was talking. “Besides, it’s just another person how bad can he…” “Traitor.” Voiced another person and Rey whipped around, but Finn was already facing tall, dark, and, not handsome , grumpy. Swallowing the lump that rose quickly in her throat. “Excuse me? ‘Traitor’? What’s that even supposed to mean?” Rey snapped, angry for her friend, “If someone doesn’t like your… your crowd you get over it don’t bully them for the sake of it.” She scoffed and rolled her eyes. Finn sent her an almost bewildered look as if in disbelief that she were to say something like that to something like him. Yet instead of stopping, the stranger looked down at her, leaning forward slightly as if to get on her level. It was demeaning and Rey’s instinct to slap him flared up violently. Yet at the same time, she saw something in him that she saw in herself every morning. His eyes reflected back the same emptiness that she always felt and it was almost terrifying to see that he noticed that about her immediately as she was noticing it about him. “I’m going to ignore you, mainly because you’re nothing to me.” “Oh, if words could wound.” She snapped back, not too keen on being insulted. “I mean, your attire could. If you were going for whiny goth it’s definitely working for you.” Rey heard Poe exhale dramatically behind her and before she could really react, this kid had her pressed against the lockers. He didn’t touch her, but the mere force of his gaze pressed her back. His eyes raked across her face before briefly taking in the rest of her body. “This school is going to eat you alive. Might as well scavenge your way through the next year.” Just like that, he was gone, dipping inside of the classroom. Rey didn’t realize that she was holding her breath the whole time they were close. He smelled like mints and summer time, a thought that she adamantly swallowed down the moment that Finn cornered her, taking her hand and kissing it dramatically. “ That was the most incredible thing that I have ever seen. No one stands up to Kylo Ren like that and lives…” “Well, I mean she might not, she does still have class with him.” Rey felt as though she was being tipped off axis. Day one and someone already hated her. Chapter 3 : The Syllabus … That one day I will be, where I was… “Oh, if words could wound. I mean, your attire could. If you were going for whiny goth it’s definitely working for you.” There was no lying about how amusing she was. This little bickering on the first day was something that he might find himself looking forward to for the rest of the year. She was pretty. Brown hair that was tied up in knots and polychromatic eyes that had a color of green he couldn’t put a name to. But that attitude was more appealing than any of her bodily features. No sense in not admiring it in that moment, however. Kylo Ren stepped forward, grinning when he heard the sound of a locker fully closing behind her whilst she attempted to step away from him. Kylo looked down at the tips of her brown boots and followed them up to her tight jeans. Her blouse was loose and a lovely color that complemented her features. For a moment his mind wandered, thinking of what she would look like without any of it on, what her hair would look like if it were freed. “This school is going to eat you alive. Might as well scavenge your way through the next year.” Kylo spoke when he finally forced his gaze back to her eyes. His fingers started to shake on their own accord and he knew it was time to head to class. Slipping past her, Poe Dameron, and Finn, he managed his way into the classroom, taking his seat in the back right corner. The teacher still wasn’t in the room so he dropped his bag onto his desk and fished through it for a few minutes before producing an orange pill bottle. From it, he dropped three orange pills, “M” on one side “60” on the other. The headache was just starting to settle in before he dropped one in his mouth, swallowing dry before putting the rest of them back in his bag, kicking it behind his desk. There was a pencil in his hand that he tapped on the corner of his desk, keeping time with his heartbeat. It was the one consistent thing in his life, ironically enough, it was the sound that he hated the most. Kylo fished his phone from his pocket, plugged in the headphones he always wore, and pressed the volume up button until he couldn’t even hear the music that was playing in his ears. The bell must have rang because before the song was over there were about fifteen other people in the room. His attention locked on the scavenger girl, or so he had named her in his head. She sat in front of him, tapping her foot in annoyance. It was hardly a second that passed before she was turning around and tugging the headphones from his ears. “We’ve already spoken, so I’m well aware that you aren’t deaf.” He looked at her with a stunned expression that was reflected back in her own eyes, “Turn the music down, please?” No one else bothered to look at their little exchange, or even acknowledge that something was happening. The song ended just then, but her eyes never left his. It was an odd type of recognition, the same one that he felt in the hallway, but this time, rather than breaking it themselves, “Ah, Mr. Benja-” “You can stop right there.” Kylo stopped the teacher, glaring up at her. She shivered, quite an expected reaction under his unyielding glare. He only straightened in his chair, turning down the music on his phone. “I needn’t remind anyone what my name really is.” She nodded dumbly, “Everyone, I would like to introduce a new student here. Rey, if you please.” The professor extended a hand towards the girl in front of him. Before Kylo could even question what her last name was, it was given to him. “Class, this is Rey Kenobi, she’s going to be spending her senior year here. Anything that you would like to say?” It took him a moment to realize that she was standing, giving him a rather excellent view of her ass. It was her words that stole his thoughts though, a rather remarkable talent that she seemed to have. “Well, I suppose the hard part of the introduction has been done for me. My name is Rey, I’ve lived all over the country. I play field hockey for the school and hope to swim and play lacrosse as well. Maybe join the fencing team if it doesn’t interfere.” “The website you read our top sports from is highly inaccurate. We haven’t had a fencing team since my freshman year.” Kylo responded with a roll of his eyes, but his interruption forced her back into her seat. The woman up front offered Rey a small, yet sad smile as she handed out a small stack of papers- the syllabus, Kylo assumed. Rey whipped around to him with the paper clenched in her hand, “Do you have a problem with me?” She snapped angrily, refusing to give him the sheet though his fingers were wrapped around it. “Yes, I think you’re much too happy about being in this hell hole. You’re new, you don’t know how things work, and you think that your little facade is going to fool anyone that looks at you. I’m not going to lie though-- everyone is going to love you, but it’s not going to fill that gap that you feel. Nothing ever will, I assure you that much. They’re going to eat you alive, little scavenger, you and your smile, and your big, innocent doe eyes, and the lies of happiness that you’re going to feed them.” She sat staring at him open mouthed and speechless. At least she was quiet. For some reason, Kylo didn’t feel finished with what he was saying. His hands closed around the paper as he cast his gaze down to his desk. “But don’t worry, I feel it too.” Rey must have turned around because Kylo no longer felt her gaze all over him. There was no stress of her looking at him, but at the same time he felt like he was lacking something more important than a simple glare directed at him. Chapter 4 : The Cafeteria Notes: OOC: Oh my god, guys, I'm so sorry that this took forever to update. I'm normally not one to leave notes in the chapters, but I felt as though this apology was incredibly necessary. I should be on a more normal writing schedule now that finals are over and done with. Again, really sorry. Thanks for reading. The Cafeteria Right there, right next to you. Poe stared at her, his eyes betraying his disbelief subtly, though his words did little to hide his feelings, “I can’t believe he said that to you though. I mean, doesn’t he have any respect for anyone at all?” Rey shrugged in response, it seemed to be all that Poe wanted to talk about recently and a part of her wondered if there was something more between him and Kylo Ren that he wasn’t saying. “You know, the teacher introduced him as Be-” “Benjamin Solo. Yeah. That’s his real name.” Finn jumped in, using it as a poorly hidden excuse to move closer to Poe. How her dark-haired friend didn’t realize it, she would never know. Regardless, it did bring a smile to her eye, though it faded the moment she registered what he was saying. “But no one here calls him that, I heard that only his parents do. Like only his parents, not even the people that work in his house.” “Wait, what do you mean? ‘The people that work in his house?” Rey questioned, taking a bit of the water bread that was on her tray. Poe gave her a look questioning how she could even eat school lunches like that, but she simply flashed a smile, and continued eating. That wasn’t a conversation that she particularly wanted to have over lunch. It was Poe that answered this time, putting down his sandwich, “Well, the Solo family is super rich. His dad does some kind of stock trading and investing, and his mother works for New Republic, the big military company. She’s a really nice lady, I work there in the summer and occasionally on weekends when they need a pilot. Kind of like the mother that I never had, you know?” Rey paled slightly, not answering him at first. Her face fell and Finn gave her a puzzled look before turning to Poe, “Yeah, Poe. I do know.” She spoke suddenly before getting up in a sweeping motion. It was meant to be a quick exit, running for the bathroom because she felt that familiar guilt rise up her throat… But that certainly wasn’t what happened. “What the fuck-” Kylo shouted at her, his tray and hers clattering to the floor. His large hands swept some of the disgusting sloppy joe from his shirt but it did very little. “Kriffing stars, this shirt is worth more than your whole fucking house. Are you really that incapable of being uncivilized? What in the maker’s name are you staring at, scavenger?” He looked tired-- or so Rey determined in the moment that she found herself unable to peel her eyes from his face. It had been a few days since the “incident” as Poe and Finn kept calling it, but something about him was different… off… distant. It took a moment for her to process what had happened in entirety before she gasped. “Oh, I am so sor-” “Save it. I don’t care.” Kylo turned before she could finish, but Rey wasn’t done. The name that he had called her dawned on her when he was cutting her off. “What is your problem? I was going to apologize for ruining your shirt, offer to have it cleaned because I feel bad and you lash out like that? What does ‘scavenger’ even mean?” Suddenly his icy attitude forced a firey rage through her and Rey approached him. Kylo looked down at her, back ramrod straight, “Excuse me?” His tone made Rey flinch, but that second was all he needed. “What makes you think I take pleasure in acknowledging your existence? Do you think I want to speak to you? Girl , you are sorely mistaken. I don’t need you to clean my shirt. I can have anything in the world that I want, and you -” He paused narrowing his eyes at her, “-are completely insignificant. You’re just a girl. You’re nothing.” The only sound that followed was the sharp ring of her hand coming across his cheek, but otherwise the room was silent. Rey stared up at him, but with tears in her eyes. “How dare you.” She whispered, but her tone was deadly serious. Kylo’s apparent anger did little to frighten her this time round. “You know absolutely nothing about me.” To her fury, he smirked. “What do you think this is funny?” “I know enough about you.” “Yeah?” She demanded, staring at him, “Like what?” Kylo narrowed his eyes, stepping up to her as though he were about to share some intimate secret. His eyes raked across her body and Rey felt immobilized by the weight of his stare. “You’re so alone and so afraid that no one’s going to like you. You’re afraid that I’m right. That you are worthless …” Rey shoved him back, meeting his cold hazel stare. It was a sight that would be etched into her memories. At the same time, she stared back though. At first, her expression was a mask of fury, but the moments that their eyes were locked intensified that tangible hatred that seemed to exist between them. Or was it tension? Rey narrowed her eyes. “Yeah?” He scoffed, but didn’t turn to break her heated stare. Kylo went to speak, but she beat him to it. “Well you feel the exact same way.” Kylo stepped back in both disbelief and… pain? Rey grinned, following his movement. “You do. Your parents are so rich that you probably just roll in their money. Is it nice? To not have to worry about anything? Do they know about the drugs or that you constantly reek of alcohol? Is it to get attention?” When he stepped back again, Rey smirked. “ You’re so alone and so afraid that no one is going to like you .” Poe put his hand on her shoulder, “Rey… I think you’ve said enough.” In the moment that she turned around, Kylo had slipped away from them, people’s eyes following as he made a beeline out of the cafeteria. “But I wasn’t wrong!” She snapped excited for a moment, but her expression soured the moment that his expression registered. “I… “It was really mean, Rey. You might be right but that doesn’t mean that you had to say it like that. Kylo doesn’t have friends and he might not be the nicest, but you don’t need to stoop to his level. No one really likes Kylo, not even his parents or so the rumors say…” Poe could have continued talking, but at this point Rey’s attention was only on one thing- The way she recognized herself in his eyes. Chapter 5 : The Darkness Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The Darkness And it’s hard, the days just seem so dark... Kylo didn’t need any warning to dodge whatever it was flying in his direction the moment that he opened the door to his house. “Oh, Ben sweetie, I’m so sorry, I thought you were your father” his mother would say, or at least something along those lines. It had been years since he bothered to flinch or even take out his headphones for the woman that quickly approached him. She would fret over him for a minute, drag him down to kiss the top of his head before sending him off to do his homework. Come to think of his homework, it had been years since he even bothered. After all, who would fail Benjamin Organa Solo when his mother could ruin their entire life with a wave of her hand… Curiously enough, nothing was thrown towards the door when he walked in. Maybe they were out of decorative dishes to shatter. Kylo plucked a headphone from his ear, but there was little difference in the volume coming from the two adults screaming in the next room to the music blaring from his phone. Sighing, he pushed the plus button on the side of the phone until the pounding snare was all he could hear… all he could feel… and he walked numbly up the steps of the grand staircase and into his bedroom. Tossing his bag on the ground, Kylo threw himself onto his bed in a similar fashion. At one point in the past two years he might have cried, might have sobbed over the yelling that continuously echoed in his ears, but there were no tears left. Some days he found himself doubting if there was anything left. Sleep was the escape that he had. Not only an escape from this life that he was forced to live, but perhaps more so an escape from himself. There was no peace, not now, not ever. In the past two years, Ben had lost a sense of direction in his life. He no longer could keep track of what was up and what was down. Each second was more precarious than the last and he felt like he was drowning. One week with mom… One week with dad… Then it was the weekends with dad… Then nothing at all. “Your mother is a workaholic and has no time for you.” “Your father is a scruffy freeloader with nothing to call his own.” Not that they had any sense in what they were saying at the time. Anger always brought out the worst in both of them. The psychologist was the worst part. Each visit brought on a new wave of pain, and the shrink always spoke to his parents as though he couldn’t hear what was being said. “Your son… I’m afraid… Is suffering from the divorce. He has turned to alternative manners of curbing his depression…” The rest Ben knew and didn’t need to hear. Drugs. Sex. Alcohol. If it filled the void it did more than his parents had in an exceedingly long time. A loud bang woke Ben from the restless sleep that he had fallen into. “You bitch!” Han shouted drunkenly as he slammed his feet upon the wooden stairs heading up to the second floor. “He’s my son and I can see and talk to him if I want. Just because you bribe him to stay away from me doesn’t mean that he doesn’t want to talk to me.” Kylo watched the door with an exhausted expression before rolling onto his side. His fingers fumbled idly in a bedside drawer, finding the smooth surface of a pack of cigarettes amidst rolling papers, plastic bags, rubber tourniquets, and sterile syringes. The young man lit the end just as the sirens could be heard in the distance. “Leave him alone, don’t you listen to the doctors!” Leia shouted somewhere behind Han who was, Kylo assumed, banging his shoulder into Kylo’s bedroom door. There was more arguing as he shoved the earbuds back into his ear. Can you feel that? The music was barely enough to block out the sounds and he could do no more, but there were some sounds that music couldn’t drown out… Drowning deep in my sea of loathing… The sound of his heart splintering the way the door was beneath the slams. There was nothing that money couldn’t fix though. Kylo could only wonder what was the price of fixing his family. The police came in, escorted Han out of the house, reminding him about the restraining order when Leia decided that she didn’t want to press charges the way she always did. There is no turning back now, you’ve woken up the demon in me. Just like everything else, Kylo found himself in a position where the world changed around him but it was as though he were glued in place. Friends, family, school… Everything moved except for him and this hell that he lived in. Was it his fault? A scoff left his lips at the silent thought. Of course it was. He wasn’t the smartest, he wasn’t the strongest… Not like his parents. He wasn’t ever going to be a war hero. He wasn’t ever going to be an accomplished politician. He was nothing. He would always be nothing. Kylo finished the cigarette without another coherent thought and stubbed it out on the maple wood of his bedside before picking up one if the razor blades he kept Get up come on get down with the sickness, open up your hate and let it open to me. When it slid across the skin of his upper arm, it relieved all of the tension of the divorce. For just one brief second, pain was all he could feel. Kylo’s heart sped up and he dropped the blade, letting it fall on the ground beside his bed. The rush that he felt was better than any drug, better than any high he had ever felt. That's where the addiction came from… The overwhelming need to feel… Something… To feel anything. If there were any tears left, he might have cried, but there was nothing left. It seems that all that was good has died and is decaying in me. His parents hated him, and the rest of the world was soon to follow. And why the hell shouldn't it? The laugh that followed was a bitter one, hollow and empty as he once again felt. Kylo loved pain, but there were days like this that he doubted the power that it held over him. Kylo stood, unable to lay there anymore and he went into the bathroom, determined to finally finish it. The world is a scary place now that you’ve woken up the demon in me. Maybe they could be happy if he weren't there at all. He snatched up a bottle of sleeping pills. They had expired ages ago, but they would still serve his purposes just fine. They could survive where he could not. And when I dream… There would be some way that they could make it. Suddenly, as he stared as his reflection in the mirror, he thought of the girl. Rey. She could see through him in a way that no one else had, not even his parents. The simple realization forced him to put the bottle of sleeping pills down. Maybe he would talk to her… Not that she would ever care about him. I don’t need this shit, you stupid, sadistic, abusive, fucking whore. Would you like to see how it feels? She couldn't know, couldn't understand what it was like. In her perfection, in the beauty that she held about her, in her even, Kylo appreciated life. She radiated with it, loved it, in a way that he knew he never could. He hated her for it. Storming out to his room, Kylo dialed an all too familiar number. “Where's the party tonight?” He demanded of his ginger companion. The Electric Factory- familiar enough for him. As he exited the room, fuming at the thought of Rey, the last picture he had taken with his parents fell to the ground as he slammed the door. The shattered glass across their faces was the closest they would ever come to b Madness has now come over me. Notes: The italicized words at the end of the chapter are lyrics from Down With the Sickness by Disturbed. It was my inspiration for this chapter. Chapter 6 : The House The House ...The moon, and the stars are nothing without you... The sky had opened up on her walk home. Rey stumbled a few times to get around puddles that would have soaked through her sneakers, but her efforts were to no avail. Soaked, shaking, and shivering, the young woman fumbled through her bag. “Keys, keys, keys.” She chanted, her fingers trembling as the water continued to drip onto her, sinking into her skin. “ Fuck .” Rey cursed loudly when she dropped them and they slipped between two of the boards of the makeshift ramp leading up to the door. “Pop!” She attempted to yell through the door, banging as loud as she could, but it did very little to carry over the storm and the sounds of the television coming from the inside of their house. Abandoning her bag, Rey looked up and jumped up onto the railing before scrambling up onto the shingles. A few grunts left her lips while she managed to pull herself up and took a moment to look around. At least her window was still open a crack. The young girl trotted across the roof, careful to avoid slipping shingles and spots that seemed to sag under the weight of their age. Yet, when she got to the window, it wouldn’t budge. Letting out a small defeated sigh, Rey pulled off her hoodie and wrapped it around her shoe and ankle before straightening up. “One… Two… Three…” She winced before kicking in the glass and then pushed out a bit more with her foot before crawling through the opening. A stray piece of glass cut along her forearm and she growled at the stubborn thing, putting her hand over the wound to stop the bleeding as best as possible, but there wasn’t much that she could do… “My books!” She shouted, ignoring the rain coming in the window to run down the steps of the loft and through the living room to throw open the door. Her bag was saturated as she dragged it in through the door and it felt like a part of her cracked inside when she opened it. All of her textbooks were ruined. Rey sagged against the door and put her hands over her face, willing herself not to cry, to not make a sound. Her stomach rumbled after a few minutes of trying to regain some semblance of normal breathing. Standing up, more or less forcing herself to do so, the young woman headed into the single bedroom that was just off the kitchen. “Hey, pop.” She smiled, walking over to the side of his bed to adjust the blankets covering him. “How are we feeling today?” As usual, there was no answer, and her smile only faltered a little until he looked at her. “Rey.” The word was so simple, but it meant so much. He remembered her today. “Yes, it’s me.” She grinned, ear to ear, as she pressed a kiss to his cheek. “Can I get you anything to eat or drink, I know I’m a little hungry.” He coughed for a moment and her fingers instantly flew to his head, checking for fever. “How long have you been coughing?” The older man’s bright blue eyes fell upon her hazel ones, “You’re hurt, you shouldn’t be worrying about me, young one.” His fingers cupped her cheek very gently, and he even smiled a bit when she instantly reacted to the reassuring touch, moving her hand over his. “I’ll take care of it later, what do you want for dinner?” Obi-Wan shifted in his bed a little, “Whatever we have lying around.” Apparently, Rey hadn’t been as seamless as she had thought and she kissed the tips of his fingers before pulling away. “I’ll see what I can pull together for you. Stay put?” She winked, knowing all too well that there was no where that he could go. Her steps were heavy though as she made her way back into the kitchen. The cabinets were bare, and she almost dreaded going to the refrigerator, knowing there would already be nothing there. When she checked, her fears were only confirmed. Rey grabbed her backpack from where she had dropped it and opened it to find the sandwich from her lunch unaffected by the rain. At least there were some small graces that she could be afforded. One of these days, she vowed to personally thank the founder of the free student lunch program. “Here, I made you this chicken salad sandwich. I know it’s the same as dinner yesterday, but I thought I would get rid of it before it went-” He was staring at her, blank and unperturbed by her reentrance into the room. He was gone as quick as he had come. Rey looked down at the soggy bread in her hands before pulling off the plastic wrap. The scrape of the chair across the old wooden floor was one that hadn’t bothered her in ages… It just seemed louder than usual today. Ripping off little pieces, she fed the elderly man until there was nothing left in her hands and he was nearly falling asleep. Her fingers tapped his lightly, “Come on, no sleeping yet, pop. You need to take your medicine.” The next few minutes went by in a numb routine of her checking his vitals, recording them, and forcing pills down his throat so that he would get through the night before she had to repeat the process in the morning. Rey sighed, she would have to steal something from somewhere to make sure he had something in his stomach to take the harsh antibiotics from his last infection. Shaking the bottle or morphine, Rey bit her bottom lip before shaking her head. She couldn’t sell the pills even if it meant that they could have a real meal. Tucking him in, the young girl pressed a kiss to his temple and adjusted the space heaters around the room so that he would stay warm, but not get too hot, before shutting the door with a click. The floor in her room was soaked when she made her way back up into the loft, the attic rather. Rey kicked the door closed and balled her hands into fists. It would have to stay wet, at least for tonight. Walking to the window, she carefully cut the trash bag she had taken from the kitchen and taped it over the gaping opening. “This better be enough” She thought to herself, ripping a few more pieces of duct tape to make sure that it was completely secured to the frame before starting to clean up the broken shards of glass into a pile. Rey plugged her phone into the single working outlet and covered it with a towel before stripping out of her soaking wet clothes and crawled into bed. The wind picked up outside and seemed to come in through the holes in the roof and the gaps in the insulation, and chilled her to the core. A shiver rolled down her spine and for the first time in ages, she let her emotions take her over. By the time that the sobbing had ended, Rey didn’t know what was up and what was down, whether it was evening or the dead of night. All that she was certain of was that she had to go to school in the morning and deal with people like Kylo Ren only to come home to someone that was less broken down inside than she felt.