Alice Bastable- The Reaping It’s Reaping Day, and I sit on the floor of my room, my whole body shaking with fright. This is the Twentieth year of the Fandom Games, and a girl and a boy will be reaped from every fandom. I can only hope that they won’t choose me. If they do, I think I’ll die. Now that sounds funny, doesn’t it! Of course I’ll die if they choose me! I’ll probably run off my pedestal before it’s time, and be blown up. I get up, shaking off the bad thoughts. They might not choose us. There are lots of characters in our fandom! Perhaps the odds will be in my favor today. I dress myself as nicely as possible. My older sister Dora knocks on the door of my room. She’s frightened, too. I think she’s as scared as I am, maybe more so. Her name’s in there twice as many times as mine. “You okay, Alice?” she asks me. I give her a hug. “Yup. We’ll be fine. They’re not going to pick you.” She struggles. “Yeah, but they might pick you.” I shake my head. “Don’t say that! Go and get some tea or something. I’ll be right there.” She leaves the room, and I look at myself in a small mirror on my wall. I don’t look perfect, but I will do. I head downstairs, where my sister is at the table, drinking her tea. Our four brothers are fiddling about with their teacups, awkwardly wondering what to do. Eventually we head to the square, where everyone from our books are assembled. Everyone is nervous, especially Daisy. She comes over to me and holds my hand. I grasp hers tightly. Oswald is trying to look noble, and Noel is obviously thinking up a piece of poetry. He’s been working on a piece called, “The Terror of the Games and Why they should be Abolished”. Dora told him that the name was a bit long, and he started to snivel. But now he’s just fidgeting around. The “Grim Reaper” as Dicky affectionately named our equivalent of Effie Trinket, ascends the stage, and she looks around. She smiles lightly. “Happy Fandom Games!” she says. She picks out a slip from the girl’s bowl. “Daisy Foulkes” I look over at Daisy. She is white as snow, she's still got a death-grip on Dora's hand, and she looks like she’s about to faint. I wouldn’t put it past her, actually. At the moment, however, all I can think of is how I will lose my friend. Even if she is slightly white-rattish, she’s never going to survive the Games. I didn’t even realize it was my voice until later, but I heard someone cry out that they volunteered as tribute. Suddenly I hear the lady call out “Horus Octavius”, and I start when I realize that it’s our own H.O that’s been reaped. Dora bursts into loud tears, and I feel myself being dragged up to the stage with H.O. It’s over , I think. I know that I’m no warrior queen. But, you know, I can always imagine. Chapter 2 : H.O. Bastable -The Goodbyes Notes: 1. Treasure Seekers: Alice,H.O. 2. Flying Dutchman: Serafina, Ben 3. Narnia: Jill Pole,Edmund 4. The Hobbit: Tauriel, Bard 5. LOTR: Galadriel, Aragorn 6. Star Wars: Rey, Anakin 7. Hunger Games: Clove, Cato 8. Unfortunate Events: Fiona, Klaus 9. Inheritance: Katrina, Eragon 10. Prydian: Eilonwy, Taran 11. 5 children + IT: Jane, Riki-mara 12. Peter Pan: Wendy, Tootles 13. Princess Bride: Inigo Montoya, Buttercup Alice and I stand together near our home. Alice is crying, but I’m not. I don’t want Oswald to wish he had volunteered for me. He didn’t, so now his chance is gone. I almost wish he had. It’s going to be a bloody mess out there, and I know that I probably will die during the bloodbath. Oh, well. If I die, I’ll just end up back here in my own fandom. I don’t suppose Mowgli ever really died? He didn’t in the books. I wonder what it’s like to die? I guess I will find out soon. Several people, including the Indian Gentleman, Father, and Albert’s Uncle, are coming towards me and Alice. Father kisses Alice, and the Indian Gentleman gives me a firm handshake. Albert’s uncle also hugs Alice, and he gives her a necklace to wear as her Token. I think it’s made out of that half-crown she found with the divining rod a while back. Father comes over to me. “Now, son. I hope you know I love you”, he begins. I try to grin cheerfully at him. “I know you do! And, Father, you know I’ll try to protect Alice.” He just tousles my hair and hugs me again. I think I see a tear, but then I remember that Oswald said only cowards and girls cry. So he must only have a midge in his eye. The Indian gentleman gives me my token. It’s my watch. He must have had it fixed after the spring broke. “You’ll be a right little Indian warrior, won’t you, Mowgli?” I can’t help but grin-he does know how much I love Kipling’s tale. I nod. “That’s if Shere Khan doesn’t get me first!” He smiles, but then he kneels down in front of me and earnestly looks into my eyes. “Listen to me, H.O. If you die, it will not be that bad. You will feel pain, but once your body “dies”, you’ll drift right back into the book, and we will welcome your spirit. After a week, you’ll be a human again. I know, I’ve seen this happen before. Remember when Noel was reaped last year? You will not let us down if you are killed. I love you.” The Peacekeepers from Panem come and take us away. Alice squeezes my hand and as we are taken away, Oswald winks at me. I swear I’m not crying! Chapter 3 : Serafina-The Train Ride Notes: 1. Treasure Seekers: Alice,H.O. 2. Flying Dutchman: Serafina, Ben 3. Narnia: Jill Pole,Edmund 4. The Hobbit: Tauriel, Bard 5. LOTR: Galadriel, Aragorn 6. Star Wars: Rey, Anakin 7. Hunger Games: Clove, Cato 8. Unfortunate Events: Fiona, Klaus 9. Inheritance: Katrina, Eragon 10. Prydian: Eilonwy, Taran 11. 5 children + IT: Jane, Riki-mara 12. Peter Pan: Wendy, Tootles 13. Princess Bride: Inigo Montoya, Buttercup (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) I sit by the window in the fast-moving train, thinking. This is something I’ve never experienced before. I’ve no hope of winning the games, and I know I won’t. Ben sits beside me, fiddling with his token, a tiny locket. He won’t show me what’s in it. We don’t speak. We’re waiting for our mentor to enter. After about ten minutes, a door opens slightly, and Al Misurata comes in. I shriek. “No!” Ben looks frightened. “What are you doing here?” He stands up, visibly shaken. Misurata smiles thinly. When he speaks, it is with his maddeningly honeyed voice, thickly accented. “It so happens that I am the only victor from this fandom. Therefore, I am your mentor.” Ben scowls at him angrily. “Don’t think for a minute that we’ll trust you. You betrayed us before, we won’t let you win again…” Al Misurata throws back his head and laughs, a condescending, sympathetic laugh. As if there could be sympathy in his black heart. “Oh, children, you will listen to me. Yes, you will. Or I will not sponsor you! And you will certainly die then, without me.” Ben’s cloudy blue eyes meet my own, and we stare at each other in terror. We are hopeless now. Because, although we hate to admit it, we know that he’s right. Notes: Hey, sorry this was so long in coming and so short. :( Next chapter will pick up speed! Chapter 4 : Ben-The Train Notes: Hey everyone, sorry this took so freaking long to get posted. Its been almost a year!!!! We almost moved this summer, and I've begun a few other works that I hope you enjoy, but that's no excuse for my delay. Hope to post more regularly this new year, at the very least once a month. Sorry to Lmere, especially. You stuck with me for the first few chapters and I am sorry I have not been faithful to your reading needs!! I hope the gift of this story is alright with you. Love you all, and I hope you enjoy this!!!! After dinner, which isn’t half as good as what Rizzoli cooks, I stumble into my room and fall onto the bed. Serafina and I were both so shocked at the fact that our mentor, the one who is supposed to help guide us through and win this, is none other than our enemy. He’s a horrible man. I lay here, staring up at the grey ceiling. My thoughts reach out to my faithful dog, Ned. Ned, boy, are you there? Yes. How’s it going? Well, everything is just splendid except for the fact that Serafina and I are now at the mercy of Al Miserable himself. WHAT?? You heard me. He’s our mentor. Not that he’ll be much of one anyway. Don’t worry, bud,I’ll be ok. Well, I’ll pray for you. Don’t die painfully, ok, Ben? Even if I do, I’ll be back in a heartbeat, Ned. I know that. Hey, is it even possible for you to die? I mean, with the angel and our immortality and all… I don’t know, Ned. I really don’t know. But since this is not from our fandom (I think that's what the reaper lady called it. Silly, don't you think! As if we were some book or play!) , I think I will die. Oh, holy angel, I hope not. Ha. We stop talking. I close my eyes, and think about Serafina. She’s so beautiful. Of course, I’d never tell her that, but you never know. If she dies in this terrible game, I will kill everyone. I don’t know if I could live knowing that she died. I don’t know if I will. Notes: So, I hope you liked this! I know that this type of fanfic has been done before, but this one is mine, and I really hope you enjoy it! There are a few rare fandoms in here, so you may not recognize several names, but I've added some popular ones as well. I hope you enjoyed this! Happy Reading! Stay posted, I'll be updating this every Tuesday and Thursday, if I can.... Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the The World of Fandom series