DRAMATIS PERSONAE GM: Plays all the NPCs and runs the plot. Well, insofar as the plot can go with this group of gamers. Jim: Qui Gon Jinn, Padmé Amidala, a series of ill-fortuned characters between movies culminating in Greedo , and Han Solo. Always shoots first. Especially as Padmé. Ben: Obi-Wan Kenobi and Chewbacca. Sir Not-Appearing-In-This-Fanfic. Sally: Jar Jar Binks, a crap-load of different characters she got bored of quickly during the Clone Wars, C-3P0 and Yoda. This girl is so awesome, she makes the phrase “Jar Jar, you’re a genious!” a phrase that can be spoken with absolute sincerity. Annie: Shmi, Anakin Skywalker, Princess Organa (Leia Amidala), and Darth Vader. Loves herself some wickedly complex characters. Pete: R2-D2. Fear his dice. Corey: Adam Lars (revealed to actually be Luke Amidala. Goes by the alias “Starkiller”). Is still convinced that Wedge Antilles is a shapeshifting spy for the Empire. GM: Sally? Sally: Yeah? GM: I...I think I’m in love with your character sheet. This backstory is amazing. Sally: Oh, good. I put a lot of thought into it. Pete: Hey, everyone! Sorry I’m late! Work was crazy! Jim: That’s okay. Annie: We haven’t actually started yet. GM’s been too busy drooling over Sally’s character. Pete: Oh? Sally: I came up with a new character while you were gone. C-3P0 just isn’t going to cut it anymore. Pete: Cool. Hope this one’s some fun to roleplay with. ( beat ) Pete: What? Corey: Are you...alright? Pete: Can’t a guy get excited about some character interaction and dialogue? Annie: Well...I guess . It’s just surprising, coming from you. Pete: Well, I’ve turned over a new leaf. I want to try some of this... serious character roleplay ...stuff. Jim: And you’re gonna do that with R2-D2? Pete: Nah. I emailed in my new character last week. Did you get it? GM: I did. And I have to say that I’m impressed. He looks really well-balanced. Interesting backstory, decent combat skills, but not overboard. You didn’t even give him any physical impairments. You’re playing a character that can actually talk and has arms. And is obsessed with giant weaponry. Has his own space dreadnaught bristling with atomic missiles. This should be...fun to watch. Pete: Well, now I just need a way to get him into the story. Gm: No problem, there. Everyone’s at a conference to discuss the Peace Orb with the New Republic Senate. There’s a party going on. It’s the perfect place to have both you and Sally introduce your new characters. (A Short While Later) Sally: I start flirting with the General. Aggressively . ( beat ) Jim: Is she allowed to do that? Annie: Well, Prince Amidala obviously takes after both of his parents. I’m so proud. Jim: Wait. What’s that supposed to mean? Pete: ( flustered ) Um... I… what do I do? GM: Respond in-character. Pete: Is my character gay? Corey: I dunno, is he? Pete: I didn’t...think about that. Sally: I run my hand fondly through the General’s hair. Pete: Prince Amidala! Sally: What? Pete: That is...wildly inappropriate! Sally: I rarely let the restrictions of society dictate my actions. Pete: Well...but… Stop laughing, guys! Jim: Can’t help it! Annie: This is gold! Corey: I will treasure this moment forever. Jim: It’s probably a good thing Ben isn’t here to see this! Your General would probably have his arms ripped off by a polite Wookie! Pete: I hate all of you. (LATER) Annie: (singing) They seek him here! They seek him there! The First Order seeks him everywhere! Is he in heaven? Or is he in hell? That damn elusive um... Red Wolf! Jim: You see, she’s a bit of a poet… (beat) Jim: And you… did not know it! (beat) Pete: So, Annie, how much are you going to rub in my face the fact that I don’t bother with musical theatre or classic literature? Annie: Until you figure out exactly how badly I’m making fun of you. Pete: On my next action, I’d like to call in a bomb strike on Coruscant. Sally: We’re ON Coruscant. Pete: I know. (LATER) Pete: So… I heard that you take after your grandmother. Sally: Yes. Darth Vader casts a long shadow over my family. The path to the Dark Side is a constant beckoning. But with help from Uncle Luke, I have found the path to the Light. Corey: You’re welcome. (LATER) Pete: How do you know I didn’t order the destruction of those planets? Jim: Annie told me what I missed that session. Annie: Jim … Jim: Oh. Right. Ummm… General Princess told me...and she knew because Prince told her, and he knew because...he can read minds. GM: *sighs in despair* Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the The Red Wolf series Next Work →