"Where the hell were you?!" D/N yells into Y/N's ear. "You were supposed to be here an hour ago!" He grabs her by her hair and slams her against the wall. "I'm sorry! I was fixing a ship! That's all I was doing, I promise!" Y/N says as tears roll down her cheeks. D/N studies her. "Who were you with?" He places a large hand around her neck. "And don't you fucking lie to me!" "P-Poe. I was with Poe!" She cries out, her vision was becoming blurry. "D/N please. I love you, only you. I pr-" "You whore!" D/N rips her from her current position and shoves her down to the floor. "You fucking him?!" He pushes her head against the wall roughly. "No!" Y/N says. "D/N, I would never do that!" Hot tears are streaming down her bruised face and neck. She reaches a gentle hand to comfort him but he twists it back, breaking it. Y/N lets out a scream and falls to her side, holding her injured hand close to her. "Stop, please stop..." She whispers. D/N pulls her away from the wall and pins her down. "Why are you crying? Huh? If you would just behave you wouldn't be getting hurt. If you weren't such a slut and fucking other people you wouldn't be in this situation." He starts to unbuckle his pants. Y/N tries to wiggle out from under him. D/N slams her head down on the ground. "Don't fucking try that, whore. This is on you." He pulls her pants down. Y/N closes her eyes and lets him take what he wants. He was right, of course. He always was. She couldn't do anything right. When he finished with her, D/N leaves, going to the bedroom and slamming the door. Y/N lays on the floor, heaving and shaking. Feeling dirty and horrified. She wanted Poe. She wanted to hear him laugh, to see his beautiful brown eyes. Y/N felt safe around him, and you could say that she loved him. Picking herself up, she pulls on her pants and tries to get up. When she does, Y/N inspects her wrist. She needed to wrap it. She can't leave because people could see her and ask questions. She can't let D/N get in trouble. After all, it's not his fault. Attempting to watch to the kitchen, Y/N hears a soft knock on the door. Shit. She limps over and unlocks the door, trying to hide her bruised face. It was Poe. "Hey, Y/N I was wondering if you'd-wait. Why are you hiding?" He steps inside and gets a glimpse of Y/N. His heart breaks. "Poe, please. I just... I made D/N mad. It's nothing major, just go. Please. He can't see you with me." Poe reaches out to her, Y/N flinches. "Nothing major? Y/N, he abused you! Come on, let's just get you cleaned up. We don't-" "What the fuck are you doing here?!" D/N enters the room. Y/N turns to him. "It's okay he's not doing anything, just go back-" D/N punches her in the stomach. "I knew you were fucking him, you slut." D/N says venom dripping from his voice. Poe was on him in an instant. Punching, scratching, yelling. "You son of a bitch! Don't ever touch her or even come near her again!" Poe pushes him down. "Don't even think about her. Ever. Again." D/N falls unconscious. Poe quickly averts his attention back to Y/N. Her face and neck were black and blue, her wrist was broken. She was bleeding in between her legs. That bastard. He carefully lifts the unconscious woman in his arms and carries her down to the med bay. He screams for help. - Y/N wakes up frightened and cold. She feels a hand on hers and sees Poe asleep beside her. "Poe?" She whispers. Immediately, he shoots up. "Hey, how are you feeling?" "Where's D-" "No. Y/N, he will never hurt you again. I promise you that." He kisses her bandaged hand. "I'm sorry Poe." He shakes his head. "You have nothing to be sorry for." Y/N wraps her arms around him. Poe holds her close to him, dreading when he'd have to let go. Notes: Star Wars imagine blog: the-imagines-awaken.tumblr.com Personal blog: theaidenellis.tumblr.com