Kylo Ren, Master of the Knights of Ren, was walking down a hallway in the Finalizer back to his private quarters, Captain Phasma without her helmet and a few other stormtroopers were escorting him. “Captain Phasma?” he said. “Yes, Ren?” she replied. “Would you tell me what day it is? I did not get a chance to look at my calendar before the earlier meeting scheduled with Supreme Leader Snoke.” Phasma looked down at her datapad, which she was holding in her hands. “It is the 12th day of the first month of the year, sir, also known in some planetary systems as January 12”. He sighed. “Just another boring old day” he thought out loud. “May i speak, Lord Ren?”, Phasma interrupted his thoughts. “Yes Captain Phasma. And you do not have to be so formal around me.” “I apologize. Anyways, as i was about to say, Ren, i don’t think it is such a boring day after all.” she replied. “And why is that?” Ren asked, curiously. “Today is an interplanetary holiday” the captain said. “Really? I didn’t know about it. What is it about?” “The holiday is called ‘Kiss A Ginger Day’ “ Phasma showed Ren on her datapad. Kylo stopped walking and stood there, frozen. “Wha- what?” he replied, not believing what he had heard. “For real? There exists a holiday named ‘Kiss A Ginger Day’?” “Yes, i’m afraid so.” Phasma said with a smirk. 'Oh my Force’ he thought. He couldn’t believe such a holiday was even thought about being created. It just seemed pointless to his eyes. “I don’t get it… what would you do on that holiday, just… like… kiss every ginger you find around that day?!?!” “Precisely.” she continued with that awful smirk of hers. "What the Force” he whispered while he blushed. Thank the Force he was wearing his helmet. The only ginger he had ever seen on the Finalizer or on his whole life was General Hux. ‘Oh how i hate that guy’ he thought. He wasn’t very sure why he was blushing. He hated Hux, and Hux hated him. Or so he thought. He was beginning to realize he didn’t hate him so much… that’s when he got an idea to annoy the general. He was going to annoy him so hard by calling him names he hated. Oh how he loved to hate Hux. “Umm… Captain, excuse me. I do not need you to escort me anymore, you and your troopers can have a break”. He ran away down the hallway, towards his quarters. “Of course, Ren”, Phasma said, smirking, to no one, really, because the knight was too far away to hear her. —————— Kylo Ren arrived at the command center of the Finalizer, where General Hux stood, proudly commanding a group of stormtroopers. Kylo arrived unmasked. He walked slowly and had a threatening look in his face. He glared at troopers while he walked. Then suddely he blurted out: "Hey General Ginger!“ The room went completely silent. Hux was startled at first, he didn’t expect Ren to just suddenly scream. Then he came to his senses when he realized what the knight had said. "WHAT. DID. YOU. JUST. CALL. ME?!?!?!” Hux yelled. "I said ‘hey General Ginger!’ “ Kylo said with a smirk. "DON’T YOU DARE EVER CALL ME THAT AGAIN. NEVER!” he turned to face Ren. “Aww, what fun would that be, gingersnap?” Kylo replied. “STOP calling me names! What the FORCE is WRONG with you today?” Kylo reached over to touch Hux’s face. Then Hux reacted. “Get your stupid hand off my face, you weirdo!” he tried to push Ren’s hand off his face but Ren was using the force on him. Kylo then lost his mind completely. “Such beautiful freckles” he said, touching Hux’s freckles gently without really thinking it. “Stop!” the general said while blushing fiercely. “Do you know what day it is, General?” Ren asked. Hux sighed. He was literally forced to going with whatever Ren was doing. “It’s the 12th day of the first month, January 12”. "Exactly. And today is a holiday called 'Kiss A Ginger Day’ “ the knight had his eyes half closed. Hux’s heart skipped a few beats when he noticed what Ren was about to do. Kylo leaned in, making the space between him and Hux almost nothing. He didn’t care anymore, who saw them or what they thought about it. Suddenly, he closed his eyes tight and kissed Hux, hard and passionately, on the lips. Hux’s eyes went incredibly wide for a few seconds. Then he leaned into the kiss and closed his eyes, too. "I… never… hmm... really... hated you…” Kylo gasped in between kisses. "I can...mmm... see that... mmmm" Hux replied, moaning into Kylo's mouth. Everyone in the room didn’t dare make a sound or even move. They were all concentrating on the two men kissing in the middle of the room. All that could be heard was them, kissing. Phasma smirked. Who knew telling Kylo about that stupid holiday would turn out to finally bring those two dorks together?