“I’m fairly certain that I should have them both put down before they wake.” Despite how confident he sounded about this, General Hux did not look inclined to perform any more murders on that particular day. In the cramped cargo hold of the ship hurtling through light speed, he looked about as disposed to move as the other three passengers did. He, however, was the only completely uninjured one. Any blood on his hands that day would be the blood of others, both physical and metaphorical. His greatest complaint was how little room there was left now that he’d taken Kylo Ren along with the Resistance fighters he’d been grappling with. He’d found them all, as good as dead, when he arrived. In a moment of foolishness, he collected two more strays than he’d been sent for, and took no time in regretting it. “Is that an order, sir?” The only other passenger in the hold spoke, pausing in his duty. It was a Stormtrooper who’d been assigned to perform some hasty treatment on the massive shoulder and facial injuries Kylo Ren was currently bleeding out from, and though every ‘trooper was well versed in emergency first aid, this kind of injury was something altogether out of his scope of ability. He’d probably have felt better shooting the lot of them right in their temple, than trying to save the man’s arm. General Hux let the thought stew for a moment too long, pressing the nail of his thumb to his lips while he considered it with superficial amusement. That same hand waved the ‘trooper away, along with the shake of his head. “Get back to your duties, soldier.” He commanded, rewarded with a sharp ‘yes sir’ in response. The other male was also dying, though no one was tending to his grievous injuries. It felt wasteful - he knew the man would be killed the moment Supreme Leader Snoke was made aware of his presence. The girl was simply knocked out, suffering only from minor scrapes and lacerations. Kylo Ren had hardly laid a finger on her. Curious. He sat on a crate, his back crouched with an uncharacteristic slump. His hand rested on his knee, and the other held a cigarette between two fingers, watching it burn away without ever bringing it to his lips. He thought that quite a brilliant metaphor, indeed. “Is she hurt?” His eyes pulled away from the burn of his cigarette to look up at Kylo Ren, who hadn’t moved from the cot he laid in and had no business being awake in his physical state. General Hux scoffed at the question, finally standing up and straightening out his back with a stretch. “Worry about yourself. Haven’t you noticed? She’s done quite a number on you.” The cigarette was placed on his lips, finally taking a long and satisfying drag. It was the perfect excuse to really look at Kylo Ren’s injuries, and by the time he exhaled the puff of smoke into the air, one thing was made clear to him. “You’re going to lose that arm.” “Answer the question.” The man could hardly open his eyes, and yet he was so viciously focused on one thing that Hux wondered if he could even be bothered to feel his own pain. Would the rush of it come tumbling back, once he knew how safe she really was? Hux was suddenly very interested in finding out. “She’s perfectly fine. Whole, unlike you. I wouldn’t have guessed she was even in a battle if I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes. Quite the spectacle, from a distance. Was it just as interesting up close?” He watched as the man turned his head, and waited for some recognition of pain. When he saw nothing, he felt cheated. Perhaps he’d felt it all along, after all. But without his mask, General Hux expected the man to be as easy to read as he always was. He saw nothing in that lifeless face. “The Supreme Leader wants her.” Kylo Ren muttered as a belated explanation for his interest, before he closed his eyes and feigned sleep. This was not news to General Hux - he’d heard the command just before leaving Snoke’s cavern, but he still found himself doubting that to be the only reason why a dying man wished to know if his killer was still alive beside him. So he turned to the girl instead, confident enough in her sedation to lean in and take a good look at her face. “Oh, Scavenger.” He muttered, his head tilting to one side. “How something so small and peaceful has come to ruin us all.” “She’s ruined nothing.” He heard the snarl in Kylo Ren’s voice, but did not turn towards it. “The Resistance will still be crushed. This changes nothing .” But General Hux did not share this particular fervor of opinion. Starkiller had been his design, and his pride, for the majority of it’s creation. He’d watched the inaugural discharge with a sense of pride, clouded over by a well hidden sense of terror. The beast of a weapon had snuffed out entire planets with the breath of a single word, uttered from his lips. And it had been ripped out from under him by a handful of x-wings and a bag of explosives. A pathetic show of force, and it was all they’d needed to tear his life’s work asunder. That, and her. Her . He pressed his cigarette to those lips, and inhaled deeply once more. There was a shudder breaking through him, causing him to exhale too quickly, all at once. “I beg to differ.” He muttered, a sense of loss suddenly deepening his voice. He finally returned to Kylo Ren’s cot, reaching over to check on the shoddy dressing the ‘trooper attempted. He peeled away the layer of cloth, bending closer to get a better look at just how mangled his face was. A flicker of anguish followed, passing his face for a moment before it disappeared. “I’ve tolerated your presence for a very long time, Ren.” He murmured, his voice quiet to keep their conversation private. “Because you, like Starkiller, were a symbol. You were supposed to be invincible . Do you understand that? Can you even comprehend the importance of that symbol to the entirety of the First Order?” He dropped the dressing, and pressed down on it. Kylo Ren seethed as the pain of his injury burned with dissent. “And now look at you. Look at how far you’ve fallen. The Resistance has taken much more than just a weapon from the First Order, tonight. They’ve managed a victory that I fear will cripple us in ways that you, a mere pawn, will never understand.” He felt the first tightenings of a choke hold take him, wrapping tight around his neck. Had the dark force user been at full strength, or even a fraction of his normal health, Hux knew he would be dead. Instead, he felt the pressure as an annoyance, and nothing more. The cigarette was brought to his lips, and he sucked in a tight, painful drag, before blowing it gently in Kylo Ren’s face. “Come now. Let’s stop playing these coy little games.” He managed to wheeze out, despite how little oxygen he was able to suck in with every tight breath. “I tire of all of this.” The choke hold was released, and Kylo Ren’s head turned away from General Hux while he sucked in ragged inhales and waited for the ringing in his ears to stop. “Thank you.” He grunted, straightening up to rub his neck. As he did so, he continued to observe, as he always did. He caught the bob of the other man’s neck as he swallowed, and shoved down emotions. He understood now why his eyes were closed - but upon closer inspection, it was clear that had not stopped the tears from escaping. The Resistance had taken much from the First Order that night. But it was Kylo Ren who’d stolen from himself - and there was no giving back all he’d lost. General Hux was startled by the pang of pity that clenched at his chest. It only served to upset him further - to feel pity for the man who was meant to be invincible. It was just another reminder of their overall failure. He felt lost, for the first time in his life. It was an excruciating feeling. He backed away from Kylo Ren, returning to Rey’s cot. She laid on the makeshift pillow, her expression unburdened and soft, and he wondered what it felt like to sleep like that. He wondered if she thought herself a hero, tonight. She, who’d conquered all. He reached out and palmed away the hair that stuck with sweat against her face. There was an admiration growing there, in the absence of his own personal pride. One had to admire your enemy, when they did such a thorough job of destroying your dreams. “Do you think she’ll join us?” Hux whispered, confident that Ren could hear him. He heard the shift of movement behind him, but he made no move to stop what he was doing, despite how unnecessary his touch against her skin was now. “Yes.” Ren’s voice was ragged, but solemn. Hux thought he could understand why. “The Supreme Leader will turn her to our side. She will be our ally, or she will die.” General Hux let out a soft, thoughtful hum. Perhaps things weren’t as frustratingly hopeless as they seemed, after all. He wasn’t sure he was ready to put his faith in another force user, since all of them had disappointed him so far. But when he took his hand away from her face, and watched her brow furrow with unconscious determination, he felt a stirring that gave him promise. “I hope she lives.” He admitted, without shame. “She could be all we need. Greater than Starkiller, even. Greater than you, Kylo Ren.” His head turned to look at the knight, and found his eyes open, with tightly contracted pupils flickering between them both. And in that expression, Hux realized he found no disagreement. That was the most promising sign of all. Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux was never afforded the privilege of seeing the Supreme Leader in person. Despite following his orders to the letter, he was not summoned to join Kylo Ren once they’d landed. This was acceptable - preferable even, when he thought about it. The mindset he found himself wallowing in was less than optimal for facing Snoke. He was relieved that Ren’s training had clearly distracted the Supreme Leader from laying his disappointment and judgement on Hux. Ren made for a suitable distraction away from his own failures. He continued to remind himself of that, as he watched the man limp out of the cargo hold, dragging an unresponsive arm at his side. Whatever challenges awaited Ren must not concern him, despite how utterly atrocious the man looked. Hux sniffed in disdain as he watched the slow, tortured pace of a broken man, and continued to watch long after it was necessary. It was likely that Ren was walking straight towards his own death. Despite the deterioration of his body as well as his status symbol, Hux thought that a particularly disappointing waste. But, the fate of the force wielders was never supposed to be his concern. His interests were invested solely in politics, and he only bore the burden of working with this faction of zealots when it benefited his long term goals. This brought him back to the scavenger, who still slept on a cot behind him. There was no more peace in her expression, now that the cargo bay doors had opened. Even sedation could not shield her from the bitter cold that blew in, freezing the planet’s crust and leaving them docked against a barren wasteland of cold, white-washed rock. It wasn’t snowing, but the landscape told him that was a rare blessing, in this case. The weather had favored their arrival. She was shivering, unable to move enough to even curl into herself for warmth. The sedation kept her immobile, but her lips were turning blue and Hux realized almost instantly that the girl was used to a hot, desert climate. The cold would send her into shock before they could even manage to send her to Snoke. He didn’t know if there were blankets nearby. The Stormtroopers had already begun carting away the traitor, FN-2187, to put him in stasis until the Supreme Leader ordered his death. Hux had demanded it - he never wanted that man to wake up, again. Death by torture or execution was noble; but to die without ever knowing how, or why - That was Hux’s particular brand of nightmare, and he was all too happy to inflict it on the traitor. He was left alone with the shivering girl, and before he knew what he was doing, the heavy overcoat that sat on his shoulders was shrugged off and settled on her. It engulfed her comically, devouring her from head to toe. He tugged the edge down, just enough to keep it off of her eyes and keep her out of the dark, in case she woke up. Then he checked her sedation pad, to make sure that wouldn’t happen on his watch. He realized, as his fingers brushed the thin patch against the skin of her arm and found it bone dry, that he should have done that first . A small, but surprisingly forceful set of fingers curled around his wrist, nails biting down on the skin until it turned white with the force of her hold. Her thumb pressed against the meat of his palm, and he felt the sharp twinge of a well placed pain force his hand away from her. She pulled his arm up, aware that she had control of it, but when she looked into his face she saw nothing but a blanched, tense calm. He was not so easily bent, even to the will of a Force user. “Is this a customary greeting on Jakku? I’m afraid I haven’t been made aware of it.” His attempt at sardonic humor was betrayed by the uninterrupted clench of his teeth. The words seethed out, and his lips quivered with the threat of a sneer. Rey sat up from her cot, the greatcoat sliding off of her body and bunching in her lap. He could see the goosebumps rise on the skin of her bare shoulder, but to her credit she did not react. She held his arm, twisted in an unnatural angle, directly in front of her. “Where am I?” His feeble attempts at sarcasm were wholly ignored. By the look in her eye, he calculated that she’d been in this situation before, and was preparing another magnificent escape. But as he considered the desperate call to flight that echoed in her eyes, Hux soon realized he’d prepared a contingency plan without even meaning to. This would not be as easy as her escape on Starkiller - unless he was miscalculating the telltale signs of a bleeding heart. “You’re currently aboard a cargo shuttle on a planet that you have no business asking the name of, awaiting summons by the Supreme Leader in order to determine your fate. That sounds quite dreadful, doesn’t it? You should probably think about running away now.” She looked like he’d read her mind, which he needed no mystical powers to do. At once, she released his hand, which hadn’t really been pinned down as properly as she’d thought. He let it drop, unphased, and stood up straight. “The door’s that way.” He sniffed out. “Please, by all means.” She grabbed the greatcoat, which surprised him until he realized she didn’t know it was his. Then she leapt off of the cot, and he watched her run a few steps before she slowed, and stood on the edge of the cargo dock door. Behind her, Hux’s face broke out in a very slow, tight smile. He couldn’t help himself. It felt so satisfying when he knew he had the upper hand. Under his breath, where she couldn’t hear him, he whispered. “I knew you were a clever girl.” She swiveled around and glared up at him, a tiny sliver of a girl lost in his greatcoat, and his smile disappeared. There was something fetching about the sight - and there was nothing good that could come from that. His mind worked quickly, racing for excuses until it fell on the possessive nature of owning a weapon draped in his protection, and nothing more. His hands fumbled for his cigarettes while she worked things out in her head - but they were in his greatcoat, and he cursed himself silently for the oversight. “Why are you letting me go?” She asked, still standing on the very edge of the platform, like an animal tensed to run. He knew better than to move. “I’m not, really.” He admitted, which she’d already worked out on her own. “You have no idea where you are, and I can assure you that this planet is completely uninhabitable. You’d die within the hour, even with my coat around your shoulders.” As expected, she shrugged it off of her wildly as if it was plagued with spiders, and he watched his coat crumple disrespectfully to the ground. He tsked with his tongue, and continued. “Also, and I think you’ve come to this conclusion on your own - we do have your friend. He’s alive, for now. If you want him to remain that way, you would do well to pick my coat up off of the ground where you have so rudely dropped it , and either accept the gesture or return it to me.” He spoke to her as if she was a child who’d been naughty, or an untrained puppy. By the rage that lit her widening eyes, he knew she was neither, and he was playing with fire. But he was so very used to that, by now. Surprisingly, she picked up the coat. Unsurprisingly, she threw it further out into the rocks, where it splayed out as it landed. He breathed in slowly, and let it out in a long, suffering sigh. This was what he’d been left to deal with, while Leader Snoke carried on with Kylo Ren. He’d been reduced to babysitter , and this would have offended him much more if it didn’t give him an opportunity to bind the girl to his favor before Snoke could get his talons into her. But it was babysitting , nonetheless. And here he thought he’d be done with such things now that Kylo Ren was gone. His footsteps were cautious, but there was power in each step. His hands never swayed too far past his hips, as if every inch of his body was trying to conserve each move. She kept herself facing him, even as he passed her and found purchase on the flat rock terrain below. He picked up his coat, dusted it off thoroughly, and then flourished it around his shoulders. It molded to him, as it was meant to. But as soon as he put it on, he saw the girl succumb to a shiver. Two hard steps were all that he needed in order to stand in front of her, his thin form towering over her. She wanted to step back - he could see her resisting the urge, even as he stood there and pulled his cigarettes and matches out of the pocket of his greatcoat. She knew how useless it was to run, but she wanted to, anyway. Even he could see that. And yet, she stood tall - or as tall as she could. He took her height in with his eyes, and guessed that the very top of her head might have managed to meet his lips, if she stretched her toes a bit. The flame of a match striking against it’s booklet startled her just enough to take that dreaded step back, but she made no more move to run. She just watched him light his cigarette, sucking a breath in long enough to burn the tip of it. She watched the tiny, bright flashes of fire light it’s end, because it was easier than looking at him while she waited. Finally, he let out the breath of smoke he’d inhaled, lifting his head to the sky so as to keep it away from her. When he tilted back down to her again, his face looked haggard. Tired. “This is a poor position you’ve found yourself in.” He murmured, his voice lowered with a gentle quality. “I’m not going to force you to stay inside. I’m not going to force you to do anything. But I am going to extend an offer to you, because I have no reason to want you dead. Take it if you like. Or kill yourself. I promise, I have no intention of stopping you either way. Now. Come inside, and take my coat. It’s only going to get colder come nightfall, and we won’t get word until tomorrow. So for right now, it’s just you, and me.” His eyes stayed focused on her, narrowing slightly as the burn of another inhale tickled his throat. He let the smoke linger in his lungs for a few long seconds while he watched her consider, and then blew it out one side of his lips. Without waiting any longer for an answer, he climbed back aboard the shuttle, rose his hand up, and slammed his fist on the hatch mechanism. With a groan, the ship began to close up, with her still standing on the rising door. She was forced to choose - run in, or jump off and freeze to death. He did not wait to see which she’d chosen, because he already knew. The coat slid off of his shoulders, and he held it out without turning to look. He waited several seconds, and actually doubted himself for one moment, before the coat was snatched from his waiting hands and he was proved right yet again. He turned to look at her, wrapping herself angrily in the coat until she all but disappeared, and his eyes flickered with something akin to approval. But he would have jumped. “Rey.” Her nose scrunched up at the sound of her name on his lips, and he liked that. “My name is General Hux. Since I have the pleasure of your company for the night, it seems only right that you know my name.” “You seem to already know mine.” She muttered, her eyes never settling in one spot. She was scanning the entire ship - for weaknesses, perhaps. Would she attempt to commandeer it on her own? Perhaps another attempt on his life was in his future. Or perhaps she would just knock him out and fly back to the Resistance base. No, not without her friend. Her eyes finally met his, as if she’d heard that - and he felt yet another annoying similarity to the intrusions he was used to enduring by her male counterpart. It disturbed him to find so many similarities between the two. He was not interested in being bogged down with two easily provoked failures. She stepped towards him then, her movements hiding a thinly veiled threat despite her small stature. She raised her hand, and waved it slowly across the space directly in front of his face. Ah. “You will take me to Finn, and help us escape.” She whispered. He felt the warm rush of the Force trying to blanket his mind and warp his senses, but it passed through without ever finding purchase in him. She waited for him to respond, and when he did, it was with a smile. “You mean FN-2187.” He corrected lightly. Rey knew his correction meant the trick hadn’t worked. Regardless, she tried again - though even he could see that as untrained as she was, his answer had provoked her into a loss of control. “His name is Finn .” She growled out, as her hand waved in the air again. “And you will take me to him.” “Take you to whom ?” He asked, his voice lilting upward at the final word. “Can’t say I’ve ever met a Finn. Are you sure you don’t mean-” He was toying with her, and she knew it. She never let him finish, interrupting him with a frustrating scream and slamming her hands into his chest to shove him backwards. He stumbled at the brute gesture, but once he’d regained his balance, he found himself settling on his crate again. “I can’t believe you thought that would work on me.” He chuckled out in amusement. But he could believe it, because no one had ever given her the time of day - let alone tried to instruct her on how, exactly, the Force worked. She’d merely picked up bits and pieces from Kylo Ren (the poor girl) and learned the rest through trial and error. This was just another error. He felt a strange satisfaction knowing he was about to give her her first lesson. “That particular ability only works on the weak-minded. You’ll find, with time, that I am anything but. And yet, I can help you get to your friend, and even give you a chance to save his life. I’m not the brute you’re used to dealing with.” She’d looked wholly uninterested in his lesson until she heard his offer. He saw it in her eyes - she was listening, now. “I don’t want you here as a prisoner. That’s hard to believe, isn’t it?” His next breath came out in a chuckle filtered with smoke. “But it’s true. I have no use for prisoners. I’d sooner send you back to your precious Resistance, than have you locked away. But I’m not exactly in charge anymore, am I?” There was a bitterness to that tone. She picked up on it instantly. He could tell. “You’ve seen to that.” And just as suddenly, her interest was gone. “What I want, and what you want, aren’t necessarily on opposing sides anymore. They may never have been. But you disapprove of my methods - save it.” He’d raised his hand up to stop her from arguing about his methods , but he silenced her. “It doesn’t matter now. Even I have come to terms with the glaring truth left behind in the wake of Starkiller’s destruction. It’s clear that something needs to change. ” He had her attention now; he could feel the heat of her gaze, but he refused to meet it. His eyes focused instead on the cigarette in his hand, with a look of utter, devastating contemplation. None of what he said was a lie. He’d spent the entire flight sinking down through the pits of anger and frustration, until he’d come out the other side with a sense of calm. Nothing had changed about what General Hux wanted, what he demanded of the First Order - but what had changed was his vision of how to go about achieving it. Successfully, this time. No more giant planetary weapons, for a start. But he waited in the silence for the girl to come to the same conclusions he had. He failed to consider why he’d continually assumed her clever enough to come to these points on her own, but so far she had not disappointed him, and he was loathe to delve too deeply into the whys of his own behavior. He gave her time, and she gave him the answer he’d been expecting, once more. “What kind of change?” His cold blue eyes finally flickered to look at her, and he could see by the way she was leaning in, still wrapped so attractively in his jacket. He had her. “That, my dear, is a question best answered together .” Notes: Hux had some real talks with some real folks. This chapter legit got away from me, I don't know what even just happened. Next up is some Rey perspective and then for crying out loud, Kylo and Snoke. What is my life. Chapter 3 Notes: Warning: This chapter has some violence. Like loss of limb violence. Be advised. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “So, she is awake.” The change in subject startled Kylo; they’d been deeply entrenched in philosophical musings when the Supreme Leader so suddenly shifted the topic. It halted his steps, but Snoke continued forward, shifting unnaturally with every step. They had been walking, side by side, down a narrow corridor that led to the antechamber of the temple, until that moment. Now, he took a few long strides to catch up. He’d felt Rey awaken, like a burning light searing at the back of his mind and behind his eyes. When he’d first felt it, he hadn’t missed a step - but Snoke’s admission gave him pause, though he shouldn’t have been surprised that the Supreme Leader felt her, too. “I did not.” Snoke admitted in response to Kylo’s thoughts, as he finally stopped to turn to the man. In the flesh, Snoke was not nearly as imposing as his holographic imaging led to believe. He was, however, still a towering figure at seven feet, but Kylo Ren was aware of how little his size actually mattered compared to his power. Snoke clasped his hands behind his back, and leaned down to tilt his menacing form closer to his apprentice. “Instead, I felt your bond. Your distraction . You haven’t heard a word I’ve said since the moment she flared back to consciousness. This is disappointing.” There was danger in that one final word, pulled apart and stretched out for emphasis. Snoke did not like to be disappointed. This was a fact Kylo Ren knew on an intimate level. His body bore witness to that intimacy, with enough scars carved in it to create a map of it’s own. “Perhaps, it is good that the General has brought her here.” It was a few moments before Snoke had spoken again, but when he did, there was a distracting thoughtfulness in his voice. “She will aid you in your training. You require a distraction. I can think of none better.” Anger flared easily through his veins, like an old friend coming to visit. “As you command.” Snoke peered at him, dissecting the inflection in every word Kylo Ren spoke as he often did. He felt the rage that bubbled just under the surface of that cold, faceless mask. This was nothing new to the pair. It was why he’d been given the mask in the first place - to hide the exposed, expressive face beneath without inhibiting all the emotions that drove the man to near madness. No, Snoke wanted him always on the edge of a cliff, teetering, moments from jumping off of it. His mask gave him the ability to be just that, without exposure. And he felt it now, in the rage that ran unchecked through his apprentice. “You disagree.” It wasn’t a question. It was a statement of fact. “Speak your mind.” The relief erupted through him before he could check himself. “She is more than just a distraction. She could be more. I have - “ He paused, and both of Snoke’s eyebrows rose with surprise when he realized the man was being hesitant to admit something. “Go on.” It was too late to regret. “I have foreseen it.” A long, telling breath was expelled from the Supreme Leader, and Kylo Ren twitched in response. He hadn’t meant to admit that he’d been plagued with visions of the girl for years, even before he’d met her. He knew when it was better to keep things to himself - and that had unequivocally been one of them. He could sense Snoke’s plans changing, as sure as if he’d had the power to read the dark mind himself. It was a very long time before Snoke spoke again. When he did, Kylo heard everything he needed to hear, just by the sound of his voice. There was anger there, certainly; but more than that, more than anything else, there was hunger. A new taste of power had emerged. Kylo had all but handed it to the Supreme Leader on a platter. There was no stopping his intrigue, now. And yet. “No.” Despite all he could hear in that voice, the words were contradictory. “She is to be your distraction while you train. Nothing more. But when I have completed your training, I will reconsider. Her fate will hinge on your success. Do you understand this?” Kylo took care to remove all inflection out of his voice when he responded, this time. “Yes.” “Good.” With that settled, Snoke seemed suddenly too interested in the way Kylo’s arm hung limp at his side. He stepped closer, and his long, spindly fingers pulled away at the bandaging that covered the wound on his shoulder. It still bubbled with medicine, but the that hadn’t removed the edge of pain - nor had his arm begun to respond to him, yet. Snoke’s fingers pressed against the wound, with light touches that still blinded Kylo with pain. But that was nothing to the way it felt when those fingers drove into the wound itself, searching for something. Kylo screamed. The sound - as terrifying and loud as it was - did not seem to phase the Supreme Leader as he probed the wound. With a soft cluck of his tongue, he pulled his hand out of it, and shook his head. “Nerve damage of that magnitude requires more assistance than the medical team on this planet can offer you.” Snoke informed him, with the clinical coldness of a technician. “It will fester, and rot. I will not train you until you have replaced it.” Kylo’s expression behind the mask was twisted in agony, still under the effects of Snoke’s intrusion. It blinded and deafened him, so that he was unaware of the ignition of a saber and it’s two crossguard vents. That unawareness was a blessing stolen in a heartbeat, as the blade hissed through his flesh, searing his arm off just below the shoulder. Kylo’s screams were echoing the halls, mingling as they bounced, until he fell to one knee and felt his mind threaten to lapse him out of consciousness. It was only a second later that the deed was done, and he heard the disgusting thump of flesh by his side. He felt lighter. His eyes rolled, and he turned away from the sight to keep from buckling with shock. Instead, he stared at the wall on his other side, lit in ghastly green until Snoke switched his saber off. “Report to the medical bay in the South edge of the base, and have a new arm installed. They excel in prosthetics. You are allowed two weeks to recover. Then, you will return to me, and we will begin.” Kylo could barely hear him give his instructions. It sounded like Snoke was very far away, yelling at him from some great divide. All he could hear was the rush of blood in his ears, and the last fading echoes of his own screams down the hall. “Go.” Snoke muttered, his voice suddenly fatigued. Kylo stumbled up to his feet, shaking with every possible negative emotion one human being could entertain at once. He finally spared one glance to the ruined stump of his shoulder, and saw the perfect, flat cauterization. It was a clean cut. Perfect for attaching a new arm to. None of that was truly appreciated past the understanding that Snoke had just cut off his arm. There would be no respectful farewell in response to his dismissal. Kylo turned, intentionally storming away from the Supreme Leader, but he only managed a few feet before Snoke called out to stop him. “No.” Snoke muttered, stopping Kylo’s trail cold. “Take that with you.” He was gesturing to the detached limb on the ground like it was an unwanted pet. Kylo turned, his grim expression once more carefully hidden behind his mask. Snoke could not see it, but he could feel that animosity flourishing like a healthy sprout. He smiled. “Come now. You’ve paid your pound of flesh to me long ago. I don’t need this one. Take it.” It was humiliating, and Kylo knew that was the point. He picked up his arm, tense and tortured with the feel of it in his other hand, and turned to walk away. No more than one second after exiting the temple, the arm was flung as far off into the rocks as possible, as Kylo screamed himself hoarse with passionate madness into the frigid wind. If the General thought for one second that she was seriously considering his offer, then the loss of Starkiller must have hit him harder than she’d thought. Rey saw no reason why she couldn’t listen to the words of a madman, especially since she had no other real choices at that moment; but there was an intensity when he looked at her, an expectancy that made her wonder if he really thought he was getting through to her. This was preposterous. She was never going to listen to the likes of him. Except that she was, technically, listening . She was also arguing to herself over semantics, and knew none of her thoughts were going to get her out of the situation she’d found herself in. Instead, they worked to distract her, just as much as Hux’s offer had. That, my dear, is a question best answered together. She’d gone silent when he’d said it, and he hadn’t tried to pry a conversation out of her since. He just sat there, perched almost regally on his crate, and brought his cigarette up to his devastating lips for long drags of smoke. She caught herself watching it happen twice, and decided it was better to stare down at her cot. She wouldn’t sleep around the man, but she had a feeling he knew better than to sleep around her, as well. So each minute passed in silence, long and quiet and terrible. Then she screamed, and his only response was to raise his eyebrows in surprise. She was clutching her arm, and biting down on her lip to keep from crying out further. There was nothing wrong with her arm, but she felt the echo of a searing pain running down the length of her shoulder. Her hands gave away exactly where it was bothering her, and Hux inhaled sharply. She could feel him. “I warned him he was going to lose that arm.” Hux breathed out, finally exhaling that held breath. “I can already imagine his temper.” She was pressing her fingers to the phantom pain, in an attempt to massage it away, but Hux’s tone elicited something within her that she would come to regret later. It was camaraderie, she supposed. She couldn’t help herself. Not when it came to belittling him. “It serves him right.” Rey muttered, a little too childishly. “I’d say I hope he loses both arms, but I never want to feel anything like that again.” She dropped her hands to her lap again, and when she looked up, Hux was staring at her with renewed interest. “Please tell me you can’t actually feel every emotion that man goes through. Honestly, I can’t imagine a worse fate. I’d put you out of your misery right now if I could. I already like you too much to let you suffer like that.” She warred with the churning disgust of his compliment and the desperate bubble of laughter that tried to worm it’s way out of her. The laughter won, because she needed it to. It felt so good to laugh. “This is the first.” She admitted, unsure of exactly why she was feeling Kylo Ren’s pain. “He must be close.” Her expressive face betrayed her confusion. The last thing she wanted in her life was to feel anything that man went through. She knew, instantly, that this was the worst case scenario. “That’s a terrible burden.” Hux was moving, and all the ease her laughter brought her dissipated into thin air. She was tense again, ready to fight him at the first sign of aggression. She knew she could have handicapped him in moments, even though she had no weapon. But it couldn’t have been that easy. She’d never find Finn without him. It was the only explanation to the ease with which General Hux moved to sit beside her. He did not treat her like an enemy, or a threat, despite everything she’d done to destroy his future. He had the upper hand. She knew it. She played along. “In lieu of assisted suicide, would you like a cigarette?” He held one of the long, white sticks out at her, clasped elegantly between two fingertips. “They might kill you. Eventually.” She had no idea what she was doing, when she took the cigarette in her fingertips, and tried to hold it up to her lips. He inhaled, ready to say something, and she pulled it out immediately. The smile that lifted the corners of his lips did not make sense to her. Nothing about the man made sense to her. She had yet to figure him out, and that was starting to itch under her skin; she hated the air of security around him, so terribly confident in his surroundings. She’d second guessed every one of her moves since the moment she’d woken up and felt him brushing her arm. She wanted the upper hand back. That smile did not help. “It’s the other way around.” He told her, plucking the cigarette from her fingertips and turning it so that the orange end was pointed towards her. He nudged her hand upward, and she took the cigarette into her mouth. He lit a match, and held it up to the end of her cigarette. Nothing happened. And there was that smile again, cocky and confident and wholly in need of being slapped off of his face. “You have to inhale.” She looked down at the cigarette, her eyes crossing to try and see it. There was a soft whistle of air passing through her lips as she inhaled, burning the cigarette while the smoke entered her mouth and lungs. She heaved with coughing fits for the next full two minutes after spitting the cigarette out wastefully to the ground, and he was fighting every urge to laugh until his expression had started to turn red with the effort of it. He’d expected that - but that didn’t make it any less funny. “It’s not for everyone”, his voice aired out in a slightly higher pitch, feigning disinterest as he ground the cigarette into the floor. “You are trying to kill me.” Rey wheezed out, her hand resting against her throat as she recovered from the burning sensation. “Keep those things away from me. That was disgusting. Are you purposefully hurting yourself?” She wouldn’t put masochism past him. He shook his head, and took another long, experienced drag. Now she let herself watch, because she wondered how he could do that without coughing. He simply blew the smoke out after a few long seconds, and shrugged. “It only hurts the first time.” She wore her skepticism like a mask, her lips pursing in disgust. “What’s the point of breathing in smoke on purpose? Especially if it could kill you.” He wasn’t the first person she’d ever seen smoking; but he was the first to let her try it, and it was an experience she would not soon forget. “When you become accustomed to smoking, the nicotine is pleasurable. It calms. It soothes. It’s a drug. You become addicted. Soon, you don’t feel quite right without one.” He licked his lips, and she thought her curiosity had been sated enough for one night; so she looked away, and searched for the silence from earlier. It never came. A beeping sound filled the air, and Hux rose up to enter the cockpit, switching on the holo projector. The face of an officer filled the blue, wavering image, and Hux nodded in greeting. “General. Orders from the Supreme Leader have arrived, sir.” The officer clipped out, effortlessly professional. Rey shuddered, feeling cold for reasons that had nothing to do with the weather. “Go ahead.” “You’re to bring the girl to the South side medical facility. Kylo Ren is already headed there. That is all, sir.” “Thank you, Lieutenant.” Rey tensed as the conflict began to rise up within her. He was not bringing her anywhere . She’d played along long enough, for Finn’s sake. She needed to find a way to get him back, and escape; and as far as she was concerned, Hux was just in the way of that. Before Hux could return to the cargo hold, Rey was already standing. She looked like she was preparing for something foolish, and Hux paused at the entrance to regard her. “I’m not going.” She warned him, her body crouching in preparation. He wondered, for just one second, what it would have felt like to let her attack. “FN-2187 is stationed at the South side medical facility.” He informed her, deciding against the idea almost immediately. “You might want to reconsider.” The floor fell out from underneath her, as General Hux’s position changed from roadblock to a beacon of hope. She gaped up at him in open confusion, as the dangerous effects of that change settled into her. It was about time he gave her a straight answer. “Why are you doing this?” She demanded, her voice cracking in betrayal. She needed to understand his intentions, once and for all. She needed to understand the ease of that smile, the confidence in his safety, and the fact that he hadn’t once tried to force her into a decision. She had to understand him. “I’ve already told you, I have no use for prisoners. If you’re going to scuttle right back to the Resistance, I won’t stop you.” He was closing in on her, and when he finally reached her, his hands reached out to tug on the lapel of his coat. He secured it better along her shoulders, and brushed his hands along the cloth to smooth and clean it. “But consider this. You want an end to this war. So do I. You find the First Order’s methods unacceptable. And you believe the best use of your power is at the side of the Resistance, a small band of rebels attempting to overthrow an entire armada, because they are fighting for what is right. ” It pained him to say the word. She could hear it in his voice, and it bolstered her courage. With a wave of her hand, she slapped his touch away. His arms fell limp to his sides; just one more refusal to push. “You have the best interests of the entire galaxy in mind. Remember now, that the Republic has been destroyed.” Her expression crunched up, and he let her anger wash over him. “Because YOU destroyed them!” “True.” He murmured, unphased by the way she screamed into his face. “But they’re gone, regardless of who is at fault. This galaxy needs order. All systems will come to us willingly, now.” She felt a great despair in her heart, and wondered if he was mad to remind her that the First Order had all but won the war despite their great weapon’s annihilation. He did not look mad, but she thought he wore a better mask than Kylo Ren, and she was never truly going to be able to read him. He leaned forward, and his eyes met hers. She thought she could see right through them, they were so light. “But if the Resistance had someone here , working to change what they find intolerant.” He whispered, as if he was telling her his deepest, darkest secret. In a way, he was. “It is my conclusion that the lives that person might save would be an impressively higher number compared to the lives they might save piloting an X-Wing into a hopeless battle. The possibilities our resources offer are near limitless. ” She scoffed up at him, unaware that her eyes were betraying the scope of her interest. “You can’t seriously think I’d be interested in becoming a diplomat. For the First Order. Me. ” It was laughable. She wished she could laugh, just to prove that. The wish felt hollow, and was unfulfilled. “I think you are interested in saving your friend. I think you’re interested in freedom. I think you’re interested in testing out your new abilities. But I do not think you have every step of your future planned out and prepared for you. So no, I don’t believe you are interested in becoming a diplomat.” He dropped his cigarette to the floor, and ground it under his feet. “But I am interested in giving you a chance to find out what you truly want. This is all I can offer. There will be others who can offer something more. But for right now, I’ll take your consideration. That’s all I want.” The hand that had been holding his cigarette, turned up to face her. She flickered her eyes down and glared at it for a moment, before returning to his gaze with a cocked brow. She was not taking his hand. “No strings attached.” It was almost a demand, but he could feel the question in her voice. He nodded, and she continued. “I can leave whenever I want.” Another nod. Her eyes flickered down at the hand again, and a thought struck her. “What about Kylo Ren? Don’t you think he’s just going to try to kill me if I’m around all the time? How is he going to feel about me not being an enemy?” There it was, slight and tense and completely under his control; his smile lifted his features, but his eyes glinted with a wicked light she hadn’t seen before. “Oh, dear. I think he’ll be altogether undone by it.” She understood the wickedness in his eyes, suddenly, and her lower lip disappeared between her teeth as the feeling became mutual. Even if she was only playing the part for a little while - this coy little game General Hux wanted her to play was going to drive Han Solo’s murderer absolutely nuts . She rose her hand up, dropping it in his, expecting a handshake. He curled his fingers around her hand instead, and held it there. She found, in the wake of this new information; and the cold promise of revenge settling like a stone in her heart; that she didn’t really mind that at all. Notes: Despite being the veritable president of the #kylosrobotarm2k16 fanclub, I don't actually think he's going to lose his arm in canon. But like hell was he not going to lose it here. Please forgive me, Kylo fans, I promise he keeps the rest of his body for the entirety of the fanfic. Also, to any Rebels fans who might have caught a certain reference, yes, it is that saber. But no, Snoke is not Ezra. (OR IS HE?!?!?!) (No) (BUT MAYBE.........) Chapter 4 Notes: Warning: Some light body horror in this chapter - only thing worse than losing a limb is having one put back on. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It was just an idle thought. Hux thumbed through the records, searching for a dosage, until he found the exact amount of sedative the medical facility needed to use in order to sedate Kylo Ren. As expected, the number was extraordinary, and he wished he’d been there to see them administer it in the state he’d been in. But then he read further, and located a simple scrawl stating that he’d collapsed from shock shortly after arriving. So their job had been simple, after all. He placed the record down on the desk beside him, and settled back on the plush chair he’d requested. He’d been overseeing the dull tedium that was an unconscious Kylo Ren for over an hour now, but his mind was clearly too lost in thought to need anything further to occupy him. He’d left Rey across the hall, where she would find her injured companion in some state of stasis. That was a precarious choice, on his part. He was playing his odds, and so far they were working outstandingly in his favor when it came to the girl. He could tell she’d appreciated the trust he had in leaving her on her own with FN-2187. It lent sincerity to his words from earlier, and added another layer of heavy thought to her contemplative struggle. After all, what better way to prove that he wasn’t keeping her there as a prisoner, than to leave her alone? (The security cameras and ‘trooper detail stationed outside his door couldn’t possibly have anything to do with his trust.) But in leaving her alone, he found a remarkable loss of busy work to keep him occupied. The First Order had lost most of the men, women and children that lived under his care. General Hux did not like the feeling, but it was a sort of freedom, nonetheless. He watched Ren sleeping in his preparation chamber, as droids worked to cut away the cauterized burn of his shoulder and leave the flesh open and ready for integration. He was on the side of the wound, and found himself all too intensely staring at it. What kind of leader was Snoke? Hux had followed the powerful creature’s commands to the letter, because there was no mistaking the masterful grip the man had on his army. But as he watched Ren’s arm being tended to, he imagined the Supreme Leader cutting it off without warning, or anesthesia. Slicing it off like dead weight - which it was. But so were they. In the wake of Starkiller’s loss, so was he. That was the kind of leader Snoke was. Hux let those speculations reach their inevitable conclusion, in the quiet, sober medical ward. He let them, and then he moved forward with that conclusion in hand. Ren was stirring. The droids struggled to add more sedative to the drip attached to his arm, and Hux rose a hand, shaking it with dissent. He got up, and walked around the medical cot to stand at Ren’s side. And of course, when those dark, troubled eyes fluttered open, he was the first thing Ren saw staring down at him. “If you want to sleep through the integration, say so now.” Hux offered, giving him the choice. “This will hurt.” Lazy, slow blinks continued until Kylo found some semblance of focus through sheer willpower. Hux could tell the exact moment a sense of calm settled on his shoulders, when he realized he was being given a choice. “Awake.” The throaty answer was grumbled out as he looked away, turning his head to rest the side of it against the hard, plastic pillow. His answer did not come as a surprise to Hux. There was a reason he’d asked. Kylo Ren did not run away from pain. He internalized it. He used it. This would be no different. With a sharp nod of his head, he signalled the droids to begin the process. The bed began to automatically tilt into a sitting position, as a mesh cloth was removed from the stump, leaving it covered in a sheen of organic liquid. A durasteel cap, fitted to slide perfectly over the shoulder, was placed against the wound. It was the least invasive part of the procedure, but Hux could see by the way Kylo’s fist opened and closed, that it was agonizing. The cap was shoved, hard, until it suctioned permanently into place. Inside of it, a soft cushioning foam began to contract and release, searching for the perfect amount of pressure. When it found that setting, durasteel pins like teeth dug viciously into Kylo Ren’s shoulder, burying themselves to the bone. Still, the man did not scream, and that was impressive to Hux - considering he couldn’t even watch the process, anymore. He’d turned as if to walk away, and a sweat soaked hand reached out to grab him by the wrist. He angled back towards Ren, and read the desperation in that unnaturally emotional face. He read everything there, in the twist and shiver of his lips, and the furrow of his brow. He leaned in, and put his hand on the unhurt shoulder. “You’re doing well.” He offered, his own expression twisting with doubt. The words were less hollow than he’d meant them to be, and Ren looked mildly offended at the sincerity. That, at least, was a comfortable response. “I’ve seen the arm. It’s impeccably made.” Just talk to him, distract him from the pain. That was all he could do, and he thought himself just enough of a conversationalist to handle this. “And once the cap is fully integrated into your nervous system, the arm itself can be replaced at any time. So the next time a scavenger decides to chop you up into pieces, it’ll be simpler to put you back together.” Just the mention of the scavenger was enough to capture Ren’s attention fully. Hux remembered the way he ignored his pain in the shuttle, for the same reason. Whatever hold the woman had on Kylo Ren was vicious, and unbreakable. And useful, perhaps. “Where is she?” Hux knew the question was coming. It was the perfect distraction to the agony that was tearing through his shoulder, from thousands of tiny nerve connections re-organizing themselves and forcing their way into his system. But he needn’t have bothered trying to respond. A second after asking it, Ren answered his own question. “She’s here .” “Perceptive.” Hux complimented. “Have you felt it, too? Apparently she was in agony during your encounter with Snoke.” His heart was racing, thrilled at the ideas that were just barely forming and shattering and re-forming in his head. He forced himself calm with a long breath, and felt grateful that Ren’s mind was so solely captivated by her that he failed to notice any change in the General. “You two have a very strange little bond. Was it on purpose?” Ren’s eyes had been staring at the door, across from which was Rey’s room. When the question was posed, he flickered back to Hux, and shook his head. A happy accident, then. “You’ll have plenty of time to figure that out later.” Hux murmured cryptically, as he peeled Ren’s fingers off of his wrist one by one. “She’s occupied by the dying body of the traitor. You should focus on your own recovery.” Ren’s hand snapped up, grabbing at Hux’s collar. The movement was quick, laced with a sudden rage that exploded without warning. Hux was an inch away from Ren’s face, confronting that rage with a quivering anger of his own. “You left her alone . With the traitor .” Hux was right. Kylo Ren was making use of his pain with unmatched excellence. “She’ll run.” Ren seethed, his teeth blaring white against his pulled back lips. “Are you a complete idiot?” That was the limit to what Hux would tolerate. He grappled with both of his hands, pulling Ren off of his shirt and straightening up again. While re-adjusting his collar and shirt to it’s typical crisp, flat perfection, he scoffed and shook his head with a low chuckle. “She won’t run.” He promised. Ren’s expression twitched, but did not relax. General Hux would have to do better than that. “Your scavenger and I have made an accord.” He explained, getting no farther than that. Ren immediately erupted with “She’s not my scavenger-” and just as quickly interrupted himself with a more pressing thought. “An accord? With her ? How do you know she isn’t playing you for a fool?” “I don’t, actually.” Hux admitted, just as he was handed a holo-pad with a digitally written message on it. His attention focused on the words in front of him - the demand. Her demand. Speak of the devil. “But I look forward to finding out.” He couldn’t see exactly how his own interest was affecting Kylo Ren, in that moment. And frankly, he didn’t think he wanted to. He typed quietly, sending back an affirmative reply. When it was done, he handed off the holo-pad and acknowledged Ren once more. The shoulder cap was red around the edges, covered in bacta-patches to aid the sealing process. But it held. That meant it was time to attach the actual arm. This would not be pleasant. “Ren.” He warned, his eyes gesturing to the arm with a tilt of his head. “Prepare yourself.” The events that occurred next would feel strange and other-worldly to Hux even long after he’d left. He would never quite convince himself that Ren had screamed with that much pain, or that he’d reached out with his good arm, and pulled Hux down to hold him in a crushing, desperate embrace. He would deny to his grave the automated response to such a desperate act, when he wrapped both arms around the suffering, screaming man, and crushed him back in support. The droids, blessedly non-judgemental, continued to twist and tweak until the arm was attached, and responding fully to Ren’s demands. But if there was one thing more torturous than having a limb cut off, it was having one re-attach itself to every single nerve and muscle and tendon and bone necessary to function. It was a wonder Ren did not pass out. He should have let them sedate him, Hux decided, as he half-sat on the bed and began to lose blood flow in his arms. No one deserved to go through that much pain, no matter how powerful it made them. Ren sobbed, just once, and his hold on the general weakened. Hux took the opportunity to slip out, but his hand remained resting firmly on Ren’s limp, human arm. “It’s done.” He whispered, trying to elicit some bare form of comfort for the man. “It’s done now. All that’s left is recovery and reconditioning. Ren. Open your eyes.” The droids hovered, waiting for any sign of movement, but Hux rose his hand up and gestured sharply to them. “Leave us.” He demanded, eliciting a prompt scurrying response. He waited until he was sure the room had been emptied, before leaning in to whisper much more harshly - the comfort from earlier now replaced by anger. “Why do you let him do this to you?” Hux asked, unmoved by the sudden snap of Ren’s expression as he opened his eyes and glared with scandal. “This was absolutely unnecessary. The entire process - removal included - should have been performed here, under heavy sedation. I know you, Ren. You do this for him. And yet; look what he’s done to you.” The words were treason. The first he’d ever spoken, and he wondered if they would be his last. He was testing boundaries he’d never even sought after before, just to see where they would lead him. And by the look of utter betrayal in Kylo Ren’s face, they were leading him in a direction he unquestionably wanted to be. “The Supreme Leader is infallible.” Ren warned, the quiver in his voice offering an alternative answer. Hux furrowed his brows as he tested the words on his tongue, and found them wanting. “I believed the same, once.” Hux whispered, standing up straight. “But I wonder.” It was the last thing he would say to Ren that night. He turned away, heading straight for the door, and stopped when the technician who’d handed him the holo-pad earlier almost bumped into him walking back in. The man was trying to huff out an apology, but Hux took him by the elbow and turned him back around, walking just outside the door with him. “That message - has it been dealt with?” He hissed out, all of the calm interest in his voice replaced with a more familiar crispness. The technician nodded his head. “We sent the prisoner to be placed in a bacta-tank. He should be healed within a few days, but he’ll remain under complete sedation until the Supreme Leader orders otherwise.” “Good.” She’d demanded that they save FN-2187’s life - and Hux knew it was in his best interests to be the one man who’d done so, when he was also confident Snoke would have him killed no matter what condition he was in. “Now will you explain to me why, exactly, Kylo Ren had to lose his arm if this facility is equipped with bacta tanks.” The technician did not have an easy answer for that. He sputtered and stuttered, but in the end there was only one thing he was allowed to say. “Those were our orders, sir. Supreme Leader didn’t want him in the tank.” There it was, so easily exposed, and Hux couldn’t believe how foolish he’d been not to realize it sooner. The loss of Kylo Ren’s arm hadn’t been necessary at all - this tragedy was Snoke’s design, planned and executed flawlessly. Kylo Ren was not waiting to be trained - he was already having his first lesson of their trip, as he laid in that cot and came to terms with this new transition. Snoke would herald this change as a gift. He was becoming more like his grandfather, he might say. And less like a human, with every slice. First, he’d cut away his own father’s love. Now, he was losing body parts to Snoke’s will. The Supreme Leader thought himself a grand creator, as he molded himself a monster. This enraged General Hux, but not for the reasons he would have suspected. Should he have been jealous that Snoke was using Kylo Ren’s infatuation with his grandfather’s legacy to pull him ever closer to his fate? Should he have been worried that the act would tether Kylo Ren ever closer to the Supreme Leader’s will, and ruin any possibilities for a coup in the future? He felt none of these things. He felt enraged, visibly shaken, that Snoke had just taken from the man. Taken so much, just as he’d said; and given back so little. He felt his own tethers break, as a warm sense of disillusionment fell over him. Supreme Leader Snoke did not deserve to lead the First Order into victory. He deserved to crumble to dust at Kylo Ren’s heel. Or another heel, perhaps. His boots clacked purposefully against the tile as he strode away, leaving both force users to their misery in their separate rooms. No one stopped her when she followed the medical crew, and stationed herself patiently inside of the cell that housed a bacta tank. They worked around her, never quite acknowledging her existence, treating her as something always out of their line of sight. Rey knew this was Hux’s doing, and in return, she caused no trouble. She waited until they’d lowered Finn into the tank, before finally coming forward and placing her hands on the cold glass. They’d waited too long, she told herself. He was going to die. His back was carved open, covered in old blood and scarring tissue, and it just wouldn’t be enough. None of this would be enough. “No.” She whispered, her hand tightening to a fist. It had to be enough, because Finn had to survive. He’d gone to Starkiller to save her, and gotten himself almost killed in the process. She couldn’t let him die. She wouldn’t. She watched him float, bubbling around the edges of his wound, and willed her own faith to be enough to save him. And as time passed, his life signs did return to a more stable rhythm. When the worst was over, Rey let the shroud of worry fall off of her shoulders, and focused on her own troubles instead. She pressed both hands against the glass, and stared up into Finn’s untroubled face. “I wish you were here, right now.” She whispered, her breath fogging up the glass where she spoke. If anyone in the room could hear the tender whispers, they made no acknowledgement of it. “I could really use some advice.” What would he say if he knew what she was considering, she wondered? No, she knew exactly what Finn would say. Run, Rey. Get as far away from the First Order as you can. Run, and don’t look back. He’d be appalled by the idea that she was even considering some kind of neutral position. In fact, she wouldn’t have been surprised if he tried to knock her out and carry her off himself. She laughed, but it was a quiet, sad sound. Finn was in no state to be carrying anyone anywhere; and she was used to making decisions for herself. “No holding my hand.” She whispered to the bacta tank, reminding the unconscious man that she did not let others make decisions for her. Whatever she was about to do, she would do with a conscious decision - and she would do it alone. She was no soldier. No righteous warrior. She was just a girl, a solitary figure, who happened to be in the right place, at the right time. It was up to her whether she was prepared to try and make a difference in a war she hadn’t even known existed until so recently. A war that - as far as she knew - had never once affected her life. It wasn’t her war. But that didn’t matter, did it? People were going to die if she did not at least try to help. She thought of the sacred villages, and the innocent lives lost with every fight. Without missing a beat, her mind turned wildly, and she thought of the lives on the Starkiller base. They were enemies of the Resistance, and of freedom itself - but they were people, nonetheless. They were people just like Finn. He’d come from the First Order. How many others in their ranks felt the same way he did? How many deserved a chance at peace? She imagined Finn, trussed up in a Stormtrooper uniform, holding out his gun and refusing to fire at her. She imagined a million different faces underneath the mask, no longer Finn, and yet somehow just as important. But then it all came back down to Finn himself, floating in that bacta tank because Kylo Ren had tried to kill him. Kylo Ren, the very symbol of the First Order, leading through fear and intimidation. She didn’t think there was anything she could do to change him, but it was a strange comfort when she felt her arm aching again, and remembered that in the end, underneath the rage and power and evil, Kylo Ren was just as human as she was. She’d proven that, and the pain reminded them both of it. She was in the right place, at the right time. “I’ll get you out of here, Finn.” She whispered, smiling up at him even if that smile did not reach her suddenly determined eyes. “I promise.” She would get him safely back to the Resistance without her. And then.. She would fight. In her own way. Notes: I'm taking a two day break while a friend visits, then back to the daily grind! Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “I want to see her.” It had only been a day, but Ren was already sitting up, testing out his new arm with a constant clutch of the silvery fingers. He hadn’t yet managed a full fist, yet. “But frankly, she doesn’t want to see you.” Hux returned periodically, to check on him, and to keep his mind occupied. Recovery was a slow and bothersome process - and Rey, still undecided, had given Hux the cold shoulder. Time , she’d demanded. Give me time . What else could he do but use that time productively elsewhere? His productivity had come at the price of dealing with a wretch in desperate need of emotional release. He would have preferred the scavenger. Ren tore his gaze away from his slow moving fingertips and glared at the General, eyes narrowed with disbelief. “And why do we suddenly care so much about what she wants? At what point has she ceased to be our political prisoner, and suddenly become our guest?” Hux gave him a long, knowing look. Guest was a particularly bad choice of words for Ren to use, considering the last time he’d labelled her as such. Hux waited in the silence, with a tight, growing smirk, and recognized the exact moment that Ren snatched the thought from his mind and felt it slap Ren firmly back into submission. Good. Let him stew in his hypocrisy. “I’m rather inclined to keep her happy while she’s here. I won’t have you questioning my methods when it comes to her.” The slow clench and release of Ren’s fingers began again. Hux could hear the whine of mechanical work whispering underneath all that durasteel. His tensions rose with every waiting second, until finally Ren broke it - and the obnoxious lilt of his voice had goosebumps rising across the skin of Hux’s neck. “You speak as if you own her.” There was a very soft, dangerous implication there. Ren was being suggestive . “When did this happen?” A quick scoff escaped Hux’s lips. “It’s preposterous to even suggest that any one person could attempt to own Rey. It amuses me to think of how she’d react to the idea of your claim. Probably X out your face with a matching scar.” His fingers began searching wildly. Where had his pack of cigarettes gone? They were missing from his greatcoat, which rested behind the chair he sat on, and he needed them very much right then. Ren watched him struggle in search, and read far too deeply into it. “Rey.” He uttered the word in a voice Hux realized he’d never heard. It was more human than he’d ever sounded, and the General paused in his search to take a good look at him. “Excuse me?” Hux finally questioned in confusion. “You called her Rey.” There was no anger in Ren’s voice. No frustration. No demand. It was unnerving, as was the heavy silence that followed, and the General altogether hated the way it threw him - especially when it came to the topic at hand. Hux sat back in his chair, and shrugged. “I’ve come to understand that is her name. It seems cruel to continue calling her the scavenger, don’t you think? Or should I have given her a rank and file number? RY-2187, to match her dear traitor.” He was trying to rile Ren up, to bring back the ire and foul temper. Mentioning FN-2187 in connection to the girl did the job flawlessly, and he let out a shaky sigh of relief. This was the Ren he was used to. The Ren that left him sharp, and focused, without a shred of confusion. He never thought he’d purposefully desire the anger of a man who he’d too often assumed would be his death - but the day had come, and he accepted it gratefully. If he was angry, then he was not as penetrating. Maintaining their steps in the shallow pool of respect was far enough for them both. “Has Snoke ordered his death yet?” Ren sneered out, returning to practicing his arm movements. Hux merely shook his head, feigning boredom immediately. “I haven’t received word from Snoke concerning anything, to be honest. And I am finding that a little more disturbing with each passing day.” He was very careful to keep the news that Snoke had purposefully kept Ren from the bacta tanks out of his mind. He needed that bit of information to be revealed later, at a more opportune time than this. If Ren hurled himself at Snoke now, he’d simply be knocked down and take it like a well trained dog. He might even lose another arm. No, there would be time for Ren’s anger, one day. He kept the truth hidden carefully under lock and key. He needn’t have worried; when he returned his attentions to the man, he realized that Ren had lost himself in thought. He backtracked to the last thing he’d said - his disturbance with being left to dwell too long without orders; and found himself startled by Ren’s next words - which he assumed to be a response to the disturbance. “I’m sorry.” “I beg your pardon?” Not only were those the last words he’d ever expected to hear from Kylo Ren, they made no sense to him. Why would Ren care whether or not Hux was being left out of Snoke’s newest designs? But he was soon corrected; that wasn’t what Ren was apologizing about, at all. “For using you. Last night.” The sentence was so otherworldly, that he couldn’t help himself - he laughed. Ren glared up at him with instant vitriol, but the entire situation had become so absurd that Hux wondered if he was having some sort of strange fever dream. “For using me?” He repeated, the rising pitch of his voice suddenly demanding an explanation. “My memory must be failing me. Care to remind me of when you think you were using me?” The word was emphasized every time he said it; and with each passing second, he felt more and more unsettled. It didn’t help that Ren was not explaining himself. His brow was furrowed deeply, and his hand had stopped clenching. He was just peering at the General, as if he’d expected the man to realize what he’d meant on his own. As if he was offended - no, that was ridiculous. Confused, perhaps. Expectant , certainly. But the General did not come to his own conclusions, and only grew more flustered. Finally, Ren let out a breath, and in that gust of air, his answer escaped in disbelief. “You don’t know.” Where were his blasted cigarettes- “You felt nothing.” The chair whined as Hux practically leapt from it, his patience finally reaching an end. The expression on Ren’s face was maddening - all soft lines and peaceful confusion, hiding a secret that was there, on the tip of his tongue, ready to fall at the next breath. Then it retreated, and Ren began to test his hand again. “Sit down, General.” He commanded, despite it sounding like a request. “I’m comfortable standing. Thank you.” Hux would deny him to the last, if only to hope for that flush of rage to return. He was unraveled slowly when it did not come, and the man who stared up at him from his medical cot seemed haunted, but calm. He did not know this man. He did not want to. “You have something I want,” The man on the cot told him. Every word, every breath Ren took made him more and more a stranger. “The girl?” Hux guessed, his stomach clenching when Ren shook his head. “You’ve said it yourself. You don’t own the girl. The only thing you own is yourself. And you have control.” One of the fingers of his new prosthetic arm moved too quickly, bucking into his hand. “That is how I used you.” He was being shown something - a moment of indescribable pain - flashes of white, desperate attempts to shut himself down - and then a warmth, a tightness that he could almost feel around his own body, and something all too familiar. He could feel his own carefully cultivated sense of self-control amplified, and stolen by the man he’d held in his arms. “How dare you.” Hux whispered out, with no trace of that self-control now present in his voice. Ren looked contrite, and once more Hux realized he had no real idea who he was dealing with. “I did not consent to that.” “I wasn’t in the state of mind to ask permission.” Ren reminded him, as the flash of pain returned to Hux’s mind. He shoved it away, refusing to feel pity for a man who’d intruded so personally into him that he’d stolen his very sense of self. “Borrowed.” Ren corrected, enraging Hux further. He didn’t need to be warned - the slight widening of Hux’s eyes followed by the cold glare that bore into him was enough to remind him to stay out of the man’s head. "Do you think this is a joke?" Hux's voice shuddered abnormally as he bore down, the long lines of his body curving to lean menacingly towards Ren. "Is everyone in this galaxy subject to your power-driven whims? Hm? Are we all just your playthings, the toys of a wrathful god?" Ren appeared visibly disturbed. If Hux didn't know any better, he'd believe the man could feel every inch of his fury, like a physical weight being dropped into his lap. If he didn’t know any better, he would believe that Ren cared. " Say something. " Hux seethed out, slamming both hands down on the cot, on either side of Ren's body. "Because 'I'm sorry' isn't good enough anymore. And you'll find I'm not quite as controlled as you think I am, when you've pushed me hard enough." "The only one pushing here is you , General." Ren growled out in warning, finally leaning forward to gain back lost ground. "Your ignorance is starting to test me. Back off." Without much regard for his self-preservation, General Hux laughed right into Ren's face. "My ignorance? Of what? Your Force abilities? Or your lack of self-control? Trust me, Ren. I'm well caught up on both topics." Ren's hands, both of them, were on his chest, pushing him back with a physical thrust. Only one of them managed to actually move Hux, however - and he slapped the man's hand away, straightening himself up. "You have no idea what you're talking about!" Ren screamed, with the voice of a man struggling with more than just anger. The jarring tone of his voice startled Hux, and in the moments that followed, he settled into a contemplative silence. There was something more, some piece of information he didn’t know - which immediately made him want it. "Then tell me." "No." Ren's quick return was hurtled at him, and Hux flared with anger. He breathed through his nose, searching for the sense of calm that eluded him, and for one frightening moment he worried that Ren had stolen, not borrowed, his control. But then it came, cold and familiar, like an old friend. "What you did without my permission is unforgivable." Hux reminded him, eliciting a flinch past Ren's dark, scarred features. "You will tell me what happened. You will. I deserve that much." He felt a fissure of energy in the air, as though time itself had stopped, until Ren looked back up at him with a risen brow and a tightening around the eyes. To his credit, Hux did not react. His stance was still taut and rigid, with his hands still at his sides, and those piercing eyes glaring down with expectation. He waited until it was a moment too long, and then rose his eyebrows in expressive demand. “Well?” When the compliance came, Hux could feel that it nearly broke the man to prepare to speak of this. Something about that felt important. It fizzled Hux’s mood into something less predatory, and much more willing to listen. “Good,” Hux breathed out, moving to sit back in his chair with the comfort of a man unburdened by trouble. “Start from the beginning. I want you to tell me everything about this power. You’ll find that I am quite well versed in Jedi lore - and I’m confident that is not a skill they teach in the temple.” He expected Ren to keep fighting him on this. He expected silence, or even anger. What he received in response reminded him that Ren was not the man he’d once been. Suddenly, Hux was reminded of how violently the world had shifted for him, in the last few days. Perhaps it had done the same for Ren, who just chuckled darkly at the mention of the Jedi temple. “There’s a lot of power untapped by the Jedi. For a faculty based on the abandonment of fear, they were hypocritically scared of a lot of hidden knowledge. You’d never read about most things, even if you had access to their own personal vaults. It doesn’t even have to be a direct text on the Dark Side; if it troubled them, it never saw the light of day.” Hux fell very still, and very silent. If Ren was finally going to open up to him, he was not going to give him reason to stop. “Even so, I doubt this is the kind of thing anyone would have even wanted to write about. It’s not a power. It’s not - on purpose.” He paused, waiting - hoping - for Hux to say something. When the General made no move to interrupt, Ren shifted in discomfort. Hux had never seen him this dismayed - and it was intriguing him more by the second. Finally, when Ren began to try and explain, there were halts to his voice that broke his thoughts up into fragments and unfinished statements. Gone was the quick, dry wit. Gone were the smooth and dangerous undertones. This was not the Master of the Knights of Ren. This was a man who struggled. “It’s - hollow. Within, it is hollow. And like any container, the liquid will travel in to fill - or in my case, the emotion. It is torment; to be filled, to let die, to be filled again. All feelings inherently fleet. Nothing ever lasts, because they’re not mine to feel. But I feel them, just the same.” Pretty words for something that Hux understood was no longer some kind of hidden power. What Ren was explaining - a trait that Hux was only just beginning to understand - sounded more like a curse. Which explained a great many things. “It should be simple. I should be able to block it all out. I want to be free, but it’s never that simple. The Supreme Leader is the only one who’s ever understood - who has ever tried to help - “ Hux held his hand up, finally finding reason to stop Ren’s painful attempts to explain. “How long have you suffered through this?” He asked, a thread of agitation threatening to make him ill. “There wasn’t a time I can remember where I wasn’t.” And there it was, the churning in his stomach as he thought of a child, in his infancy, intimately feeling the emotions of an adult. Of his own parents. And a creature who seemed more than human, reaching out to him with a promise. “When I complete my training, it will stop. The Supreme Leader has foreseen this.” A promise of freedom from his pain. A promise that has led Kylo Ren around by a leash for the better part of thirty years. Hux felt entirely out of his league dealing with what amounted to the effects of a lifetime of Force-powered empathy overload. He thought, just for a moment, that he sincerely regretted asking Kylo Ren to explain it all to him. But he’d never seen the man look calmer in his entire life. There was a comfort in that, and it would not allow him to regret his choice. “And if it does not?” He asked, garnering a quick and furious glare in reply. He refused to flinch, his cold eyes holding his gaze. “If the Supreme Leader is wrong?” He could see the part of Ren’s lips, moment’s away from denying the possibility. Infallible, he would say. Impossible. Unthinkable. Then his lips slowly closed again, and Hux knew doubt had finally crept into that abused heart. “Then I suppose it’s a good thing we don’t have long to wait, isn’t it.” Hux reminded him, rolling his neck to ease the tension that had crept up his entire back from the conversation. “You’ll be on your way to complete your training soon.” The whining of metal began again, as Ren renewed his practice with his hand in earnest. “Yes.” “I hope for the best.” The words felt as hollow as Ren had described himself - Hux did not believe Snoke was going to magically cure Ren of anything. But if - when Snoke failed, Hux thought it might be in his best interests to be prepared with an alternative. Not a cure, perhaps, but maybe something Ren had never considered before. Acceptance. And perhaps more importantly; Control. “I’ll leave you to it, then.” He stood, picking up his greatcoat and laying it over his shoulders. Ren was intent on his arm, beads of sweat already forming on his forehead as he pushed his efforts too hard, and barely nodded in reply. But a moment later, he swiveled his head up, and Hux saw the flash of anger in his eyes - that anger that was his, and his alone. Ren was wrong about himself, Hux thought. He wasn’t hollow at all. Perhaps his own feelings were the ones he simply did not want to feel. “I still want to see her. I don’t care if you have to drag her here. I won’t be denied.” With a sharp snap of his collar, Hux settled back into his role, folding his hands behind his back respectfully and glaring down in contempt. “I’ll bring her. When she’s ready. Not a minute before.” Whatever had been cultivated between the two of them in that private moment of conversation seemed to wither and die under that cold, calculating stare. Hux nodded his head respectfully, and Ren’s lips curled up in scorn. “Good day.” Hux declared, in the most proper voice he’d ever mustered. He rolled a tense stabbing ache out of his shoulders before exiting the room, breathing carefully to control the painful throbbing of his anxious heartbeat. Notes: THANK YOU HUX FOR BETAING THIS FOR ME! ilu my hero forever. Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was impressive that Kylo managed not to wake up for almost an hour while she was in the room. She’d kept him blocked out, so that when he finally woke up, it would be the physical sight of a girl curled up tightly in Hux’s chair that alerted him to her presence, instead of her Force signature. But it was there, as soon as he searched for it. Well hidden, carefully protected, but still very much there. Kylo took this small opportunity, in the moments directly after waking up, to just look at her. He could feign drowsiness then, still blinking away the fog of exhaustion. He could see the light reflecting in her gaze from her perch, where she took up no more than half of the chair in her tight, tense little ball. Her arms were around her legs, and she looked so tired. He wondered how long it had been since she’d felt safe enough to fall asleep. She’d been watching him sleep, he sluggishly realized. She could have killed him, then. It wouldn’t have been very hard for her. The spell was broken with that thought, and he stirred to stretch his body out. Every part of her in that chair tensed and coiled, preparing to run. He was the one lying on a medical cot, recovering from wounds she’d given him, and she was still so scared of what he might do. He turned to lay on his side, his good arm resting underneath his head, and realized that her fear made all of this a lot easier on him. He could taste it, recognize it, understand it. There was nothing as palpable and easy to tolerate as fear. But the more he stared, the less she feared him. She was straightening, until her lean body unraveled and sat open and normal. Her back straightened rigid and proud, reminding him that she was something to be respected. It wasn’t the first time he wondered how a scavenger from Jakku could manage to have grown up with such a strong force of will. It would serve her so well, when she finally turned. His eyes pulled away to look at something - anything - that wasn’t her. He’d asked for this, he reminded himself. This was what he’d wanted . What he needed . And now, now that he had her in his grasp, he wanted nothing more than to push her away. He fought that weak willed desire away with a sigh. “Why are you here?” Kylo asked, his voice still scratchy with sleep. He turned back to look at her, his mind reaching out for answers that wouldn’t come with words. When she felt him attempt to intrude, she locked herself away again, until he felt like he was up against a brick wall. How could she be this strong? “You could have run away a dozen times. Are you waiting for the perfect time to kill me?” Too late, he thought bitterly. That time had already come and gone. Rey refused to answer. Instead, she found a frayed edge on the armchair of the plush little seat she occupied, and began to pick at it extensively with her fingers. The edge was unraveling in tiny bits, and she was leaving a pitiful little wound where she touched. When he groaned, her fingers stopped. He pushed himself up by the arms, and managed half-way before the durasteel arm reminded him that he still wasn’t used to it’s presence, and throbbed with a sharp enough pain to collapse him back on the bed. Behind suddenly closed eyelids, he saw stars, and heard a moan too soft and feminine to have come from his mouth - but it might as well have, as if his lips had shifted to form the sound she’d made. Before he could breathe through the pain, the medical cot was triggered, and he was being pushed up into a seated position forcefully by it’s mechanical movement. He opened his eyes, and saw her standing beside his cot, with the meat of her palm slammed against the controls. She looked angry - but he knew better. She was just in pain. His pain. There was no lack of irony in their situation, as he watched her feel the pain of someone other than herself. The cot reached it’s upright position, and she pulled her hand away, backing up to return to her seat. “Rey.” There was something personal in the way her eyes fell on him when she heard her name. She responded to it with a fierceness, a demand that he realized could only come from possession. Her name was important to her. Being called by her name was important to her. He wouldn’t do it again. “What did Hux offer you?” The question felt unfinished. It sounded like he was asking her what Hux offered that he had not. It was the wrong question, and he saw the sudden flare of indignation burning in her eyes. She was so easily riled up - she needed to accept her place in the darkness. Her flirtation with the Light side would surely come to a quick end with a temper like that burning inside of her. “I wasn’t bribed to stay, if that’s what you’re asking.” Even with a hushed voice, he felt her displeasure pulsing warm against him. “He’s not giving me anything but a choice.” And though he wasn’t aware what this choice was, he already knew - he’d have killed to have been given one, himself. The soft metallic grate of his arm began to fill the air as he practiced moving it at his side. “What choice ?” She considered his question for a moment, and finally finished curling back up into the chair. She looked comfortable, there. Too comfortable, he mused. He wanted the fear back. Instead, she looked like she suddenly had all of the power in their situation, and it sickened him to feel that smugness emanating from her so thickly. “Why should I tell you? It’s between me, and Hux.” He saw it there in her eyes, that moment of pride at being able to hold something over his head, like an older sibling keeping a toy away from a child. She was trying to goad him. She had no sense of self-preservation at all. And she had no idea how well it was working. “That’s funny.” His voice had a husk of amusement that made her heart hurt when she heard it - he sounded so much like Han, in that moment. “I didn’t realize you were in the business of making friends with the enemy. Maybe I’ve got a shot, after all.” Her smile was tight-lipped and unamused. “He’s not my friend. Neither are you.” “You could have fooled me. Making deals with him, watching me sleep, if I didn’t know any better I would think you’re actually just fond of the two of us. Maybe that’s why you won’t run.” He didn’t have to be looking at her to feel how disgusted she was with his assessment. His lips twitched up in victory, and he braced himself for whatever intolerable revenge she was about to give her rebuttal with. He’d knocked her off of her pedestal - and she was scrambling to find a way back on top. He knew it was coming. “Why aren’t you angrier?” She asked, briskly changing the subject. “You’re in that cot because of me. You lost your arm because of me. And your face - and your big weapon - why are you like this?” “Like this ?” He seethed out, unable to contain the slow burn of rage from his voice despite having expected her to test him. “Is my composure displeasing you , girl? Would you rather I lash out at you from this bed and snap your little neck? Is that what you’re hoping for?” No matter how much she tried to hide it, he still felt that flash of fear run cold through her, and his eyes tightened around the edges. “I’m not letting you touch me.” She spat out. “But it sure would make more sense to see you try.” The rage inside of him bubbled and then lifted from him, as he barked out a too-sharp laugh. She flinched at the sound, silencing him with the reaction. He’d wanted her fear, before. Now, he couldn’t stand it. “This.” He held his durasteel arm up, and pulled it into a fist. “This? This is not your doing. This.” His fingers ran across the bandage that covered his face. “Not you. And the destruction of the Starkiller was definitely not because of you. The latter was your precious traitors doing - and these scars on my body don’t get to be about you. They’re mine, girl. They came from my own weakness. I did this to myself.” He’d gone too far. He watched her eyes widen, and his lips parted as he was struck with what he was feeling through her. Rey crippled him with emotions he’d never felt before, and they had him staring helplessly as she scrambled out of the seat and closed the distance between them. This was not rage he was feeling. It was something purer, like the heat of a vibrant, too-close sun. She wasn’t mad. She was determined. She was righteous, and vengeful. “I hurt you.” Rey seethed out, her face flushing red with fury and her hands shaking so hard he could feel it against the end of the cot she gripped. “I beat you. You fought me and I beat you. Those are mine. MINE.” It was a side of her that she never would have wanted to discover, but he’d ripped it out of her with nothing but words, and now she was blossoming with hate. She’d never been more beautiful, nor did he ever think he’d seen an uglier expression on her face. She was still shaking. Waiting. Demanding. He reached up and pulled the bandage off of his face, peeling it with a slow tug until it fell away and let her glimpse the torn skin beneath. The scar her lightsaber left him with was black, burned the instant the saber had touched his skin. Eventually the scab would fall away, but until then he was left with a raised welt of burned skin, running across his forehead, his nose, and falling away at the edge of his jaw. He leaned in, and his proximity had her backing up instinctively. He wanted her to get a good, long look at it. “Yours?” He asked, his voice as sarcastic as it was curious. Deep down, he wanted to know just how willing she was to take this credit. To have marked him. He found the answer was exactly what he’d hoped it was. “Mine.” She huffed out, folding her arms in front of her stubbornly. “And don’t you forget it.” She was proud to have hurt him. Not ashamed. Not worried. Just proud. He could feel the tug of healing skin stretch when his cheeks moved, pushed up by a one sided smirk. Her expression flickered, and he knew that she could feel that pain, too. “When I have recovered, I will promise you one thing, girl.” He refused to call her Rey anymore, but she was no longer just a scavenger. She was so much more than that. “I will fight you again. If you refuse my knowledge, then I will fight you untrained. If you don’t, then I will wait until you’re ready. Either way, we’ll meet on the battlefield one more time. And if you manage to put a single scar on my body - then, and only then you can claim that as yours. Until then, you get nothing. You don’t get to be proud of bringing me down until you’ve done it while I am whole.” She glanced at his arm, and the smirk on his face dropped hard at the implication in her eyes. But the arm was nothing, compared to what she said next. “You killed your own father.” She whispered. Her tone was almost sad, but the bitterness overwhelmed it. “You’ll never be whole again.” Rey had never seen the Dark side manifest so visibly in someone’s eyes. Soulful brown turned red, and then golden, as she watched. Out of everything she’d seen or felt Kylo Ren do since she’d known him, this was the most terrifying moment of all. He leaned in to her, and she realized she couldn’t pull away. He’d frozen her to the spot, rooting her until those terrible yellow eyes were inches away from her face. She didn’t know what she was looking at, but it wasn’t human. She was sure that she’d gone too far, and all those promises to fight her were about to be thrown away. She was about to die. His throat bobbed, as he swallowed hard. Several blinks later, the color of evil was bleeding away from his eyes, leaving nothing but that dark, ruddy brown. “You play a very dangerous game, girl.” He whispered, the heat of his breath blowing against her skin. “Making deals with the devil, and now this? I think you do have a death wish. That’s pathetic.” “Let me go.” Her anger was starting to catch up with her. She was breathing in sharp gasps, and she stumbled when his hold on her was released. She fell unceremoniously into the chair behind her, and after a few seconds of climbing frustration, she let out a scream. “Are you going to run away now?” He asked, which just got another half-strangled scream out of her. The moody calm was back, and he’d gone so far as to turn in his cot to face her fully. “If you’re worried I’m going to stop you-” “I’m not afraid of ANYTHING.” She screamed up at him, silencing him with the force of her righteous fury. Despite the fact that she’d yelled the words uncontrollably, or the way her hands gripped the frayed arms of the chair and tore into it with her nails, she looked up at him and caught an expression so intrigued, so impressed, that she felt like he finally, finally believed her. It was a lie, of course. But a good one. “Why are you here?” He asked again, his eyes narrowed with irritation as he practically begged for an answer. “Rey, why are you here ?” He wanted the truth. She knew he didn’t deserve it - he never would - and she wanted to hold it all back from him like a precious secret, locked away and private. She wanted to deny him everything she could, just to see him suffer. But this time, holding it back was only making her suffer. It broke like a crack in a dam, and she let out one quiet, strangled sob. It was all there, suddenly and without warning. Her barriers were not broken, they were being peeled away; because she couldn’t bear to say any of it out loud. She left herself open, and when he reached into her mind, she lifted it all up for him to take. One by one they came, the feelings of loneliness, of strangeness, of wrongness everywhere she’d turned. She’d never left Jakku because she believed there had to be someone out there to take her where she belonged, but the truth was that she belonged nowhere, and could call no place home. She wanted to help people. That was the only thing she still knew to be true. She wanted to help, but there was a part of her so scared of getting close to anyone, just to see them abandon her in turn. She couldn’t help how much safer it felt to try and help from a distance, despite the yawning loneliness she could feel with every single day stretching out in solitude before her. She felt like she was still on that desert planet, staring at a barren future. She didn’t know what the answer was for her, nor did she know what path she was destined to take. The only thing she would always hold on to, was that she wanted to help. Not hurt. Never hurt. Help. “Yet you’re so proud of hurting me.” Kylo reminded her gently, pulling himself out of the thoughts she was offering in order to keep from having to say a word. “You’re proud of what you’ve done.” “You deserved it.” She huffed up at him, quieter now. Calmer. In sharing, she’d found some modicum of peace. He’d done the same, the day before, with Hux. “You’re right.” She snapped a look of surprise up at him, when he admitted it. He laid his head back on the cot, and closed his eyes. “I did.” It was a very long time - too long to be ignored as unimportant - before either of them spoke again. Somewhere in the heaviness of that silence, Kylo realized he was feeling more than just the overwhelming loneliness of a girl who had no home. He felt the lifetime she’d spent on her own, fighting to keep positive when there was no reason for her to believe in anything at all. He felt the starvation, the thirst, the anger, the frustration. He felt everything she’d tried to bury deep down inside of herself for nineteen years in order to survive, and he felt it all rising to the surface at once. She didn’t cry, but her entire body was as taut as a tense wire, as the feelings overwhelmed her. He’d never felt so much from one person, before. “Rey.” It was a few more seconds before he’d broken that long silence. The sound of her name startled her so hard she yelped, and rose her head up to give him a round eyed stare. “What?” His heart raced with need. It wasn’t his own need, he reminded himself - none of this was his own. He tried so hard to convince himself that he didn’t really need this, he didn’t need anything. This wasn’t him. This wasn’t him. His arms rose up, bent at the elbow, in an obvious gesture. She stared at the open request for an embrace, and let out a choked laugh. “Are you kidding me?” Humiliation came swift, and yet his arms stayed up, hoping. “I’m not - “ She stood up out of the chair, and breathed sharp gasps through her nose. Her eyes were focused helplessly on the offer, because it was all she wanted in that moment. Just not from him. She couldn’t - not from him. Why did it have to be him? “I’m not going to hug you, Kylo.” Her words were broken by an inhale, and a quiet cry. “You need this.” He whispered, but she couldn’t tell if he was speaking to her, or himself. The statement was true in both cases, and that changed nothing. He refused to meet her eyes, so he wouldn’t have seen the way they hardened in resolution, but he would hear it in her frustrated, strangled voice. “I’d rather hug a Rathtar.” She shrieked, barely managing not to trip over the armchair as she stumbled as quickly as she could out of the room. She heard something behind her, but she never turned to look at what he’d thrown or broken or destroyed in the frustration of her refusal. She couldn’t. She just needed to get out of there. Running down the halls towards Finn’s bacta-tank was a fruitless gesture. Rey knew she couldn’t get to him in there, and she knew she’d fall to pieces the moment she reached it and saw him floating in the fluid that continued to heal him. Still, there was nowhere else for her to go on this planet, so her footsteps took her there, struggling with each step. When she turned a corner, her ankle threatened to twist and she stumbled, bearing down on the man who’d been turning the corner from the opposite side. She never fell, nor did she slam into him, because his hands were fast enough to snap out and grab her by each arm and hold her steady and still. Something clattered at their feet, forgotten. Hux, staring at the disheveled girl, parted his lips to ask her if she was all right. He never managed that far, because it was too late for Rey to help herself. All it took was his hands on her shoulders, and she broke, slamming hard into him and crushing her arms around him in a hug that he absolutely did not request. She would have done it to anyone in that moment, she told herself. The need was too great. He was rigid in her arms, as though trapped with no idea how to react to someone doing this to him. And he didn't, if he was going to be honest with himself. But even he knew how callous it would seem if he remained frozen in this state. And so, he exhaled his held breath in a long, almost fortifying sigh and for the first time in his life gathered another person into his arms. At once, he realized that her embrace was constricting him painfully with strength. She was stronger than she looked. But even the strong required help, in times of need. So he patted her back, and let the strange, tender event pass. He caught himself thinking how grateful it was that she wasn't crying; being hugged was strange enough. And then she pulled away quickly, her lips trembling before she breathed in a shaky sigh. “This never happened.” She warned him, staring up at him with his hands still perched in the same position they'd held her in. His eyebrows slowly lifted. “As you say.” He breathed out gently, dropping his hands to his sides. She nodded her head in a sharp gesture, and left before her embarrassment flooded her face with color. It could have been anyone, Rey reminded herself again. And it had to be someone. She disappeared into Finn’s room, where the General had just come from, and he stared at the empty doorway for a moment as he tried to piece together what had just happened. Then he bent to pick up the holopad he’d dropped in the encounter, and smoothed down the front of his uniform. “I’d very much appreciate it,” He grumbled to his holopad quietly. “If everyone stopped hugging me, and started to hug each other, instead.” They were the emotional wrecks, not him. This movement towards physical intimacy was getting wildly out of hand. Back in his room, Kylo Ren bore the emotional tilt of the moment as if he was struck by an arrow. He wasn’t nearly as hurt by her refusal - in fact, when she walked out without giving in to her need it was almost a relief. But she did end up giving in, and he felt the flush of momentary grief and joy in a dissatisfying echo. He felt it, but it was not happening to him. He did not get to perceive that grief, that joy, that release himself, because she had not hugged him. She’d hugged the General, instead. He felt himself fraying like the edges of that chair under her fingertips. He had nothing to grieve for, nothing to enjoy. All he had was a hollow echo of something that should have been his, stripped and dropped into the cavity of his chest only to be taken away once it was done. There was nothing left but the aftertaste of what could have been. To be filled, to let die, to be filled again. He curled into himself, his arms wrapping around his body in a crude imitation of what a hug could feel like, and in the privacy of his quiet room, he tried to cry in the hopes of emotional release. But he found that he couldn’t. They weren’t his tears to shed, after all. Notes: You know what you need? An awesome Reylux playlist. Here's one I listen to when I write: http://8tracks.com/aisu-k/triad Which was made by the following lovely Reylux lover: http://nightshadedmusings.tumblr.com/ (My personal favorite song is Wrapped Around Your Finger.) Chapter 7 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Another holopad was delivered directly into Hux’s hands, with another ridiculously short and demanding message on it. He’d acquiesced to the first, for his own reasons. Now, it seemed the girl had found a taste for his shrewd benevolence and thought to exploit it as a weakness. On the holopad, it stated very succinctly that she wanted Finn taken off the anesthesia, now that he was healed. It did not request a conversation about it. The girl had simply demanded. If he wasn’t so put off by the presumptuous behavior, he knew he’d be more than a little impressed by how easily she took to commanding others. In fact, his men shouldn’t have given her access to a holopad at all - let alone hand delivered General Hux messages from her using it. Nevertheless, her arrogance would need to be dealt with, and he thought this a perfect time to segue into the lesson. So he’d called her into his office, which was a shoddy mock-up of what a General’s office should be with what little the medical facility could provide. She sat in front of his desk, with a straight back and folded hands, trying to look the part of a respectful member of his company. It was a little late for that. “Tell me,” General Hux breathed out, his voice even in tone. He was leaning on the corner of his desk, directly in front of her, and even the way his body rested on that shred of wood looked crisp and formal. “How do you manage to convince the petty officers that you are cleared for a holopad, and have permission to send me direct messages?” Her face instantly blanched, and all that arrogance bled from her position. He hadn’t expected it to be that easy. So he smiled. “I’m just curious. It’s an affliction of mine. Indulge me; did you use the Force to manipulate their minds?” He found he loved the absolute horror in her expression when she stared at him, scandalized. “No!” “You make it sound as if you’ve never done that to my men before. Do I need to remind you otherwise?” He was chuckling as he warned her, the ease of his amusement tempering the sting of his reminder. “So, you did not coerce them. How, then?” There was unmistakable petulance in her expression when she looked up at him again. “I asked.” She informed him, her tone indicating that she thought it would be obvious. When he waited in the silence, clearly not accepting the answer, she added a sharp, almost embarrassed completion to it. “Nicely.” “You asked.” He repeated, getting a nod back from her. His lips twitched, unable to help himself as he continued with a tone of incredulous mirth. “ Nicely . And that’s all.” “That’s all,” She confirmed. He was staring just a little too long, as he tried to imagine how easily his officers had succumbed to those bright, round eyes, and that gentle smile. She was the picture of non-threatening innocence, when she wanted to be. It was when she didn’t want to be, that Hux found her the most interesting. “Then I would like to ask you, nicely , to please stop putting my officers in a position that could potentially get them removed from their positions.” He put down the holopad, and caught the way her jaw dropped. “It might surprise you to know that it shouldn’t be that easy to simply demand things from a General. I’m not upset, of course. I did tell you if you needed anything, that I would be at your service. I simply did not remember that you, a woman of no military experience, would not realize certain etiquettes are required to maintain proper balance in an establishment. The officer that has been relegated to your errand boy probably thinks you have me wrapped around your little finger.” Rey inhaled, and Hux’s cold blue eyes snapped to attention, catching the way her body straightened with the effort of it. “Is that what you wish people to think, Rey? I assure you, the only goal you’ll achieve by propagating such a rumor is my swift and immediate dismissal. While that might sound tempting, remember that I am the one who is still prepared to give you your freedom back, should you choose not to take my offer. I doubt my successor will feel as magnanimous.” He’d made his point. He could see it in the way she slumped, looking uncomfortable in her own skin. “I didn’t know.” She admitted, an irritable sulk still threading through her voice. “I won’t do it again.” “Not unless it’s an emergency.” Hux amended, making sure to stress that he was asking for a measure of censorship, instead of total disconnection. “You’re still here as my guest. That does not give you the right to make demands of me, left and right. And this-” He dropped the holopad on the desk in front of her, a little harder than he needed to. “Is quite the demand.” Immediately, he could see that she was preparing to fight. Promising no further demands was one thing - but she wouldn’t give up on the one she’d already sent. He’d been prepared for this moment. Or so he’d thought. “Why can’t Finn wake up?” Her voice cracked as it rose, and she leaned forward in the chair. “You can keep him locked up in a cell. What’s the problem? I just want to talk to him!” She’d answered her own question, but Hux was too clever to be honest about it. “It really doesn’t matter what you or I think about this. The truth is, this isn’t up to me. The order to keep him under comes directly from Supreme Leader Snoke. No amount of holopad demands are going to help you change this, Rey. You really have to understand that.” She didn’t. But the degree to which she was unaware would shock him to the core, when she spoke next. “I want to talk to Snoke.” It felt like the floor had dropped out from beneath him. “It’s a little premature for that,” He muttered, no sign of the capable man in his voice now. She surged forward, and Hux stood from his perch on the desk as if startled by the sudden movement. He rose to his full height, and straightened out his jacket anxiously. Now, she had to look up at him to speak, and that suddenly felt very important to him. There was no room for informality when she was that close. “Was I wrong to think you could help me, General?” The dangerous tone of her voice took his breath away. Hux could easily see why those of the Dark side persuasion were so interested in trying to turn her. “Because I thought you were the kind of man who gets things done.” He let out a quiet, sharp laugh, and it made her flinch at it’s proximity. “My goodness. Rey, are you trying to manipulate me?” She was playing off his ego, a bold move that could have worked if he wasn’t so well versed in how the game was played. Still, he looked - proud. And when she realized it, he watched shame flicker over her expression in waves. She was as easy to read as Ren was, both of them about as secretive as an open book. “And you thought you wouldn’t make a good diplomat.” “That’s not what I meant.” She backpedaled, her expression pinching before she waved her hands wildly in the air. “Okay, that’s exactly what I meant, but what do you want from me? I don’t have a lot of choices while I’m here. And you know I want to save him. There has to be something I can do. It’s not right, keeping him asleep like that. Don’t you all have some kind of moral code that’s breaking?” One brow rose. “Dozens, in fact.” Hux informed her. “It amuses me to hear you ask me about the First Order’s moral code, after the destruction of the Hosnian system. You can’t really expect an appeal to the Supreme Leader’s sense of justice to work.” He spoke of it like it was an ancient, passing anecdote. She paled in front of him, and took a few steps back, until the back of her knees bumped against her chair and she fell into it. It intrigued him to watch someone care so much for people they’d never met. Her entire body was bowing inward, as though his words had physically assaulted her. She couldn’t look him in the eye, now - but he could feel her shrinking away, and he realized that her strong spirit was partially fed by her ability to focus only on the good in a situation. He guessed that she hadn’t even thought about the First Order’s hand in the death of countless innocents, since she’d been in the medical facility. Or his role, for that matter. “Right.” She whispered out, her exhaustion creeping into her voice. “Almost forgot about that.” Both of his eyebrows lifted this time, and he leaned in slightly, his head tilted in concern. “Did you?” His expression was the perfect mix of sympathy, and worry. It was a construct he rarely got to use, but was still well versed with - and when she dared to meet his eyes, he felt confident that it was working. “I don’t think you’re the type of person who wants to forget about the tragedies of the past. You wouldn’t be here if you were. You’re here to make sure that never happens again, remember?” Her chest heaved, rising and falling in quick breaths, and his eyes never let hers go. When he saw her gaze solidify in determination, his expression changed for her as well. Now it was a tight, knowing smile that graced his features. He looked at her like they were sharing a dangerous secret, and when he thought about it, they really were. No one would have suspected the General of the First Order to be conspiring with a Resistance fighter in an attempt to reform their government without bloodshed. No one who’d been standing on that platform the first day Starkiller fired would, at the very least. “So, shall we consider this matter off the table?” Their moment shattered, and her stubborn willfulness flooded her face again. Could he even be surprised? He felt that old exhaustion in his shoulders, the same one that Ren would give him from time to time. “Absolutely not!” She cried out, straightening up in her chair. “I still need to talk to Snoke! I just - need to figure out a better reason for waking up Finn, that’s all.” The absurdity with her obsession over the traitor was starting to wear on his nerves. He considered pointing out all the reasons FN-2187 did not deserve to be awake - or even alive - but smartly held his tongue. Instead, he appealed to her sense of survival. “Snoke will not listen to your pleas. And it’s quite likely he’ll kill you on the spot, then kill your friend. He doesn’t even know of my plans for you, yet. Trust me, Rey - you must wait for the proper time in all things.” “I don’t want to wait. This isn’t right . Please, General, I need to speak to him.” She absolutely did not need to speak to the Supreme Leader, and Hux had no intention of bringing her before Snoke until he’d been summoned himself, and allowed to discuss the integration of the girl into the First Order under provisional, diplomatic means. But Rey was simply not accepting the need for patience, and he suddenly worried that the girl would use her Force abilities to sneak out of the medical facility and go see him herself. It wouldn’t be difficult - she could probably sense the man, wherever he was, even now. Hux knew that denying her wouldn’t be enough. She needed to understand how fruitless her request really was. He stood, and moved to the door. When he opened it, he waved his hand in a formal gesture, and saw the flicker of disappointment in Rey’s face. She thought he was kicking her out. “No,” He answered the readable fear in her expression verbally, “We’re not done discussing this. I am clearly not impressing my opinion well enough on you, so let’s find someone who can.” Someone who spoke her language. Someone who’d managed to instill fear in her just with a look. And someone who knew just how dangerous Snoke really was, with intimate experience. She rose out of her chair and moved to exit the door with him, following him in silence while he led her through the halls to a room she’d never been in before. The sign on the door said rehabilitation, and she could hear something being pounded violently inside, but Rey didn’t need to see or hear anything to know exactly who they were there to meet. She felt him, just as sure as she felt that lingering, painful ache. There was nothing quite as satisfying as pain. He’d been warned that it was too soon, that the limb could detach in any number of places if he pushed too hard. He’d been scolded for getting out of bed and ignoring every scrap of advice thrown at him. There was even one droid, foolishly insistent enough to have followed him as he left for the physical rehabilitation gym, that now lay in sparking pieces against the wall. He’d been assaulting a well used punching bag for the better part of an hour, burning blissfully with the pain of over-stressed muscles, when he first felt Hux and Rey coming closer. He could feel them moving in tandem, one after the other, and a ghost of the ache from the last time he’d tasted their presence was a crippling reminder of that moment. His punches had already been brutal, but something about the way they felt together as they walked towards him made him push a little harder, begging the pain of his abused shoulder to give him release. He needed the adrenaline rushing through him, clouding his mind and blocking his senses. It wasn’t working, and he just kept punching harder, and harder- The door to the rehab gym creaked open, and he slammed his new arm into the punching bag with a wretched scream, tearing a hole through it’s thick, normally unbreakable canvas. That was the first thing the two of them saw, when Hux led the way up to meet him. He glared at the hole he’d made, and his eyes flickered with the threat of turning to look at Rey once he felt her spike of fear. Good. Let her be scared of him. He deserved that much. “I see that losing your lightsaber hasn’t kept you from your lifetime achievement goal of destroying First Order property.” Hux snapped out in utter disgust. “How wonderful. May we speak to you for a moment, or is there an appointment with an offending console already taking up the rest of your morning?” Ren’s fists balled up tightly, and Hux’s sharp eyes took notice of it - he’d mastered the general use of his arm overnight. Something difficult must have spurned him towards the accomplishment. Ren continued to glare at his handiwork. “Speak.” He spat out, already irritated with the intrusion. Despite how closed off the man had suddenly become, Hux did not hesitate to explain the situation quickly. “Rey has requested an audience with our Supreme Leader.” That had Ren’s attention. His eyes were on her instantly, and Rey looked as though she was fighting the urge to step back behind Hux. She stood her ground, jutting her chin up awkwardly. “She wants FN-2187 woken from his sedation and placed under normal arrest procedures. I’ve already warned her that this isn’t the time to ask the Supreme Leader for favors, as she hasn’t even committed herself to a position that is yet to be approved. Any attempts to meet with the Supreme Leader now would be suicide. She doesn’t believe me. I confess I would be hurt, if I had the capacity.” He turned his head to look back at her, and one side of his lips turned up in a slight smile. “I had hoped you could talk some sense into her.” “No one can talk sense into her.” Ren countered immediately, his eyes shifting with a sharp curiosity at Hux. The General’s gaze on Rey was soft; amused. He was comforting her with just a look. And Ren could feel it unwinding within her, her tension relaxing much in the same way his fists were suddenly releasing. The General was very effective. But not effective enough. “You think I’m going to listen to him? Over you? Is that seriously why you brought me here?” Rey wanted to laugh, and in fact a few sharp huffs of amusement left her, but she sounded too tired to manage any more than that. “You’re crazier than I thought.” “Send her.” Ren suddenly barked out, breaking whatever spell of comfort had wound around the two with his surprising answer. Hux swiveled his head to stare at the man, but Ren found himself unable to meet the shocked glare in his eyes. Rey was looking at him now, with open-mouthed awe. With hope. Ren’s face twisted as if the expression burned. Hux scoffed in dismay. “Hah. How silly of me. To think that you would, for once , use some common sense. When will I ever learn?” His sarcasm was biting, but it ended as quickly as it came. He moved to stand toe to toe with Ren, rigid with controlled rage. Even his voice was quieter, but no less hateful. “He’ll kill her, Ren. She is still a member of the Resistance, and any attempt to plead for the life of FN-2187 will be seen as an act of treason itself, and dealt with accordingly. She needs to wait .” Rey felt blocked out of the conversation between what felt like two titans, and was immediately moved to change that. She stormed to stand beside them, and folded her arms stubbornly. “I can take care of myself. I won’t let him touch me. Why can’t you just accept that? This is my choice to make!” Hux turned away from the looming gaze of Ren, and decided then and there that dealing with two grown children at once was simply too much for his already frayed sanity. “I’m not doubting you, Rey. This just isn’t the right time. You should wait.” “Why?!” Before his next words left his parting lips, Hux felt a hand on his shoulder. He turned and stared, startled into silence, by the man in front of him. Ren’s dark eyes were peering too deeply, digging too far, but they looked as though understanding was starting to reach their depths. Hux knew, with a sickening feeling, that Ren was reading his mind. “Because Snoke hasn’t told us anything, yet.” Ren’s voice had a chilling quality, hushing the two of them with it’s importance. “Which means he’s hiding something. He should have contacted the General with new orders by now. He hasn’t.” Ren was speaking to Rey, but his eyes were firmly focused on Hux. He hadn’t known Hux was being shut out - but Ren hadn’t been given any real detail on the Supreme Leader’s plans, either. He’d been tasked to focus on preparing for and eventually completing his training. Throwing Rey at the Supreme Leader now had the potential to end in a quick and bloodless death for the four of them, should she look to get in the way of whatever plans Snoke was making. “Hux is right.” Ren’s hand fell off of the General’s shoulder, but he did not miss the shudder that shook Hux’s body once the hand was gone. He chose to ignore it. “This isn’t the right time. There’s something we’re all missing, and your impatience could cost us all our lives. Including the traitor ,” The words seethed out through clenched teeth. “And as much as he deserves that fate, I’m not inclined to give up my own life to see it happen.” Rey flared up at him in an angry huff, with a look that reminded him remarkably of betrayal. He bit his lip to keep from being amused at it - at the idea that he had the power to betray her of anything. “How do you know? Maybe-” “Think of the day I interrogated you. Think of how you felt in that chair when I entered your mind.” Rey’s lips curled up with a fury that washed over him, filling him in ways he wished his own fury had the power to do. “Why would you bring that up now? You’re sick, twisted, m-” He refused to let her finish. His words came out in a rush now, unable to stop himself even if he wanted to. “Whatever I did to you, as unforgivable as it might be, was done with hesitance. I didn’t want to hurt you - but Snoke will . He will relish that moment, as he tears your mind apart, piece by agonizing piece, and leaves you with nothing. Didn’t you ever wonder why the first thing I saw in your mind was your loneliness, and the island that brings you peace? You were the one showing me these things, Rey. You were pushing them to the forefront of your mind to keep me away from the map. That map is still in there, hidden behind all the memories you think you can use as a shield, but there is no shielding from the Supreme Leader. He will not take what you give him, as I once did. He will destroy everything in your mind until he has what he wants - you’ll be dead, and he’ll have the map to Skywalker once and for all.” He’d bent closer with every word, forcing her to back away as he laid it out for her in painful detail. She’d be putting much more than the four of them at risk, if Snoke took the map to Luke from her. And Ren, as dangerous and vengeful as he was, was attempting nothing more than to warn her of her foolishness. It made no sense. None of this made sense to him, anymore. He could see by the wideness of her eyes that he was not alone in that sentiment. They were all treading new, treacherous territory together. “You have no idea the kind of pain that is waiting for you.” He promised her, the implications heavy in his threatening tone. “Think of how I’ve made you feel, and then multiply that by a thousand. That is what waits for you if you enter Snoke’s chambers, now.” His eyes were pleading with her in a gaze too intense for her to hold, and her head finally turned to break it. When she looked away, he spared a side-glance at Hux. There was smugness, there. He wanted to slap it off of the General’s face. In the silence, he waited for Rey to realize what a bad idea a visit to Snoke was. He gave her the time she needed, watching the choices at war in the change of her expression, until the hardening around her features told him she’d decided. “How long?” She asked, so quiet he hardly heard her. “We have no idea.” Hux answered for him. “The Supreme Leader must reach out to General Hux first.” Ren added, garnering a nod from the man beside him. “If General Hux can convince him that keeping you here is a good idea, that you’d be an asset, as the General thinks you will, then he won’t drive into your mind the first time he sees you. Then, you have a chance at making a plea for your traitorous friend.” Rey’s face pinched at the insult. She was never going to let that go unnoticed. “Your fate, and his, lie on the General’s skills of persuasion.” Ren’s voice held a tone of distaste, the words tasting foul on his tongue. “Let us hope he’s as successful in convincing the Supreme Leader as he was in convincing you.” But in the back of his mind, he regretfully admitted that he thought the former had been a very impressive feat. “Can you wait that long?” Ren asked her, his head bent close to gauge her expression. Rey looked from one man to the other, for a few long, meaningful seconds. She needed the time to come to terms with the position she’d put herself in. She was standing toe to toe with the leaders of the First Order, both of them unforgivable murderers. The three, herself included, were locked together in some strange connective moment, their voices hushed and conspiratorial, as if - as if - “Well?” Ren whispered impatiently, the harshness of it knocking her strange thought away. “I don’t have much of a choice.” She admitted, watching in wonder as both men let out nearly unnoticeable sighs of relief. As if they cared . What was she doing here? “Sir.” The sound of a petty officer made Rey nearly jump out of her skin. Ren straightened instantly, and it was only Hux who seemed unaffected, turning to regard the officer with a polite nod. A holopad was handed to him, which blinked with a private number that indicated he had a message from the Supreme Leader. He gawked at it for a moment, before waving the officer away with a swift shake of his hand. “Well.” He breathed out, a little put off by how much time had just been wasted trying to convince Rey to wait for something that was just about to happen, anyway. “Speak of the devil.” “Snoke?” Rey’s voice piped up in surprise, her voice cracking with hope. Hux gave her a narrowed glance, before tapping the holopad against the top of her head. “Spoiled child.” He murmured, pursing his lips with amusement. “Your uncanny luck may be the death of me yet.” Notes: I don't really have words for how moved I am by the comments I get from this story. I'm just really glad you guys are enjoying reading it as much as I am enjoying writing it, and I hope you like where it goes. In case you're wondering about my rate of posting, it looks like I'm managing a chapter every other day. So it's safe to say there'll be a chapter every other day at the very least, unless I have something going on in my life. So there you go! Again, thank you so much for such heartfelt comments. I'm already getting emotional just thinking about how sweet you guys are. I LOVE YOU ALL Chapter 8 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “I have to go.” It’s a sentence that holds a lot more weight than it was meant to, and perhaps Rey knew that when she said it. There might have been a small, devious part of her that wanted Hux to think the worst for just one second, because the truth was so much less troublesome than that. What she couldn’t have expected was the look of abject terror that flickered in his eyes, as his hand tightened on the control panel against his desk. She felt guilty immediately - and then surged with confusion over why she needed to feel guilty for deceiving a man like Hux at all. “Not off planet.” She relented almost instantly, unable to bear the look in his eyes for more than a brief second. “I need to be outside. I’ve been trapped in this facility for too long and it’s driving me mad. I know it’s cold out there, but I can manage. It’s important.” She’s so unused to asking permission to go anywhere. This isn’t her life. It’s someone else’s. “You’ll freeze.” He reminded her, eyeing her worn scavenger robes with dismay. He’d offered several standard outfits for her wardrobe while she remained on the facility, but the idea of wearing First Order clothing had always turned her stomach. Now, she didn’t care what she had to wear - she just needed to feel a real sun beating down on her, and fresh air filling her lungs. “Not with a proper coat and warm clothing.” It was her way of accepting a long refused offer, and she could tell that was enough to convince him. He sat back for a moment, giving her a look of long consideration, before he nodded sharply in agreement. “Quartermaster is on the second level. I’ll send them an order now, but they’ll have to make some adjustments while you’re there.” She wondered if he thought she was going to try and run without Finn. He hadn’t hesitated for an instant, which led her to believe he knew better. He already knew her too well, and she knew next to nothing about him at all. “Thank you, General.” She told him, leaving almost immediately. She shouldn’t have come at all, but she’d reached her limit, and he had told her to come for emergencies. By the time the walls felt like they were closing in, she was ready to consider it an emergency. She’d never owned bulky clothing before, so when the clothes were fitted she tried not to laugh at the sight of herself all bundled up in layers. The jumpsuit and fatigues themselves were standard issue, but there was a second set of pants, and a coat so big and fluffy she could hardly move her arms in it. It felt like a snug home inside of the clothing, which suited her just fine. But even with all the layers, she knew she would still feel the sting of biting cold. She was fitted with a black cloth mask over her face for protection, and almost immediately tore it off. Hux was waiting for her at the exit, his own coat forming hard lines over his shoulders to chase away the cold that leaked through the doorway. For a moment she worried that he was going to try and come with her, but his coat alone wouldn’t have been enough to keep him warm. He pulled off his gloves one by one with his teeth when she stopped in front of him, and folded them neatly in his pocket before reaching up to pull her hood over her head. “You look utterly ridiculous.” He informed her, sounding chipper about it as if it wasn’t an insult. “I hope this is worth it.” She could already see the sun streaming through the glass doors of the facility, and couldn’t bear to look away from it even as he zipped her coat up higher. “It’s worth it.” She promised him, barely able to contain her relief. When his hands fell away from her coat, she turned back to meet his gaze, and smiled. A few seconds passed, and that smile faded as she felt a tension in his gaze. Was he worried that she was going to run away? No, she was sure it was something more. “Keep to the north.” He clipped out, in a voice that was unnecessarily devoid of emotion. “Follow the mountain range, it will give you an easy landmark to follow when you decide to return. Sunset is at 7, so I would suggest you give yourself ample time for the return trip in order to get here before then. No amount of clothing will save you from frostbite if you’re out there at night.” She nodded, blaming her sudden breathlessness on the added weight of all her clothing. He pressed a small device into her gloved hand. “A com link. In case you get lost.” Despite being barely visible under the high collar and scarf, her expression pinched in a mixture of amusement and arrogance. “I won’t get lost.” He did not look interested in fighting her on that. “Your meeting is today, isn’t it?” She’d been so excited about it at first, but time had given her a chance to put some disturbing pieces together. They’d both spent so much time convincing her of how dangerous Snoke was - and though she was sure they’d both met with him before, there was something decisively off about the tension over this meeting. She felt the worry second hand, and that anxiety now crept into her voice. His eyes narrowed carefully after the question was asked, and he took his time in responding. “Right after this, in fact. I’ll have some variant of news to offer you by the end of the day. Something to look forward to.” Nothing about the way he spoke lent towards any sort of concern. If he had the confidence to speak so casually about it, she would let it infuse her with ease. She took her time convincing herself of this. “Thank you, General.” She cut through the thickness of the moment with her gratitude, and turned to walk out of the facility. No one stopped her as she walked out into the frigid cold. The General remained exactly where he’d stood, tall and rigid and unmoving. She knew; she’d checked. Twice. The brittle air already felt healthier in her lungs as soon as she was outside, no matter how it chilled her. The wind blew harsh and unrelenting, but she still tilted her face to the sun and let the warmth of it reach her skin, bearing down bright enough to burn spots into her vision. She closed her eyes and stopped, just to enjoy it all for a moment. She’d missed the sun more than anything. Without supplies, she knew her trip was meant to be short. At least she had her tool belt, hanging low against her hips. In it, there was a canteen of water wedged between all of her scavenging equipment. She wasn’t planning on finding any hauls today, but her belt brought a sense of comfort to her; a familiarity in a new world. She went nowhere without it. The ground was bleached white, and she dropped to one knee to rub her gloved fingers against it. Even with a clear sky and no sign of precipitation, the ground was covered in a thin coating of ice. Every step could prove dangerous; she had to tread carefully. That would limit the distance she’d manage to travel by half, at least. “All right,” She whispered, acquiescing to the limits. “A short trip. That’s all.” She would make the best of it. The mountains Hux suggested she keep to were up ahead, and she trudged forward with renewed energy, wrapping the scarf around the lower portion of her face. After an hour of steady, careful walking, she reached the first valley, and the wind tunnel in it almost blew her off of her feet. She decided that climbing up the mountain was a better use of her time than trying to fight that massive blast of wind, and with only a few stumbles she’d managed to get up a decent height. There was an alcove there, just deep enough to protect her from the unrelenting wind, and she rolled into it easily. It was warmer, there. The sun still burned in the right direction to hit her, but she was fully protected from the wind. She sat up and stretched her back out, before pulling the scarf off of her face. From where she sat, she could see the entire medical facility stretched out in the distance. The building was in a U shape, but she knew the levels below the surface covered more ground than that. She tried to pick out the tiny bright flicker of Finn’s room, but it was impossible to tell one room from another at this distance. She just chose one, and believed. Her eyes unfocused, and she realized she was swaying right before she keeled over. How many days had it been now since she’d felt safe enough to sleep? She couldn’t tell anymore; the days were merging together, and this was the first time she’d seen sunlight since they’d come to the facility. The feel of it warming her skin, coupled with the familiar solitude of a vast wasteland, was dragging her down into an exhaustion she’d been fighting off for days. She fought the urge, well aware that falling asleep outside would mean never waking up again. A rustle behind her startled her enough to twist around, but all she saw was the tail end of a creature too small to be dangerous. It had been chewing on something deeper in the alcove, but it scurried far down the mountain until she couldn’t see it anymore. So she turned to see what it was eating, and found the half-eaten remnants of a hardy little sprout, pushing it’s way through jagged rock. She bent in to get a closer look at it’s roots, which were buried so deep in the rock’s crevice that she couldn’t actually see how far they went. It’s blue and green stems were poised in position to reach up desperately for the sunlight that she was blocking, and she rolled to the side as if she was offending it by getting in it’s way. It was so small, so easily broken, and half of it was now chewed away. Still it would grow for as long as it could, and when something else came to finish eating what was there, it was probably deep enough to start growing all over again regardless. It would endure, just as it had already endured, for as long as the planet could sustain it. She reached out, her gloved fingers tempted to touch the leaves, but her hand pulled away before ever making contact. It was better left alone, to safely grow in this one tiny nook of sunlight and warmth. She suddenly missed Jakku, and the thought of it made her bark out into the cold air with laughter. How could she possibly miss the solitude, the heat, the starvation, and the abandonment she dealt with on a daily basis? What was there on Jakku that she could possibly have longed for, now? Hope, a voice whispered into her mind. Blind, naive hope. She missed hoping for something better. She missed the days when her biggest problems were whether she was going to be able to eat that day or not. But a war loomed like a heavy curtain in front of her, and there was so turning back now that she knew about it. She felt the dead weight she’d left in the medical facility return to her, and it sagged her shoulders until she wanted to give in to exhaustion. She laid down, curled up beside the tiny, scraggly plant, and rested her face on the backs of her hands. “You’re not going to give up, are you.” She whispered, her breath forcing the leaves to shudder and wave. “Even though you don’t know any better.” But she knew, as soon as she’d said it, that knowing what horrors lay before her did not change the fierce burn of hope that still blazed inside of her. She couldn’t give up hope that there was an answer for peace, even when she couldn’t see it yet. That was why she was here, wasn’t it? Because it was here, and not on Jakku, and not in the Resistance, that she would truly, efficiently, be able to know better. She spent the better part of a half hour watching the plant sway with her breathing, and listening to the wind howl persistently just outside the alcove’s lip. She would have to face that wind, to find her way back. She couldn’t stay hidden in the alcove forever. Eventually, she climbed out of the warm nook she’d found, blinked eyes that were barely managing to stay open, and then stepped and slid carefully down the mountain with the many layers of clothing providing her the protection to do so. When she landed with a thump at the bottom of the mountain, she saw a small creature curled inward, it’s body clutched and frozen in death. She recognized the tail - it was the creature who’d run from the alcove after eating half of the plant. So it was poison, then. Rey looked back up at the alcove above her, unable to see the plant but trying to remember exactly what it’s leaves looked like. She was suddenly very glad she didn’t touch it, but she understood now how it had survived this long. And how it would continue to survive, for a very, very long time. She reached out and placed a few rocks over the deceased creature gently, in the hopes nothing bigger would try to come and eat it’s poisoned flesh. It looked like a tiny memorial grave. With a crooked smile, she bowed her head and clasped her hands together respectfully, then turned to head back to the medical facility. She’d barely made it to the doorway before she was already peeling her extra layers off, gathering them up in her arms until she found the nearest recognizable room to enter. The rehabilitation gym was close by, and she slipped into the empty area in order to set the clothing down and finish undressing. She was finally wearing nothing but the black jumpsuit they’d fitted her with first, and she laid back on the weight bench to let out a long, exasperated sigh. It was a mistake. Her eyes fluttered closed as she imagined the plant, fluttering dangerously in the wind as the sun set and left it in complete darkness. She wondered if it’s leaves would curl up and shrink away until the next day, or if it simply held it’s ground, strong and bitter and stubborn. She would have liked to sleep in the alcove and watch for the change, if it didn’t mean freezing to death. But it was on that bench, as she thought of curling up beside a poisonous plant and waiting to see if it shrunk without sunlight, that she had accidentally let herself fall asleep in the middle of the rehabilitation gym. Three days had been just too long without sleep, and her tiny jaunt of freedom and solitude had infused her with just enough peace to let her fall. Her cold weather gear slid out of her hands, and her head lolled back until it rested against the cushion of the bench. She was out before she could even register that she was falling asleep at all. The better part of the morning had been spent waiting on adjustments. He’d knocked the arm out of alignment on a particularly rough punch, and all Kylo Ren heard for the rest of the morning was the clucking of disappointing droids and their arrogant ‘I told you so’s. If he wasn’t so pre-occupied, he might have lashed out at them. When they were done adjusting his arm, not a single one had been crushed - but he hadn’t listened to a word they’d said. Hux was leaving. He could feel the anxiety welling up from the departing figure, and something else he couldn’t quite understand. Something thrilling. Excitement? Hux was a foolish man, Ren thought bitterly, to be excited to meet with the Supreme Leader. He was too sure of himself, and too confident in his abilities. Ren could almost guess at how Hux thought he could twist his pretty words around the Supreme Leader’s mind and leave him thinking that taking Rey on as a consultant to the Resistance had been his idea all along. Manipulative to a fault, but not nearly so much as Snoke was. Hux was out of his league, and he knew the pit of anxiety in his stomach was his own, and not Hux’s. The idiot had better not get himself killed. Hours later, he sought to use that anxiety in training, even though barely moving off his cot had droids screaming at him in dissent. He’d been patient, but there was a limit to that patience, and their wild screeches tested that limit to it’s end. He barely waved a hand, sending them all stumbling back off of their wheels and crashing against one another to the floor. He broke none of them, but his display was still effective enough to shut them up. The black knit tank he’d been left to wear until the shoulder healed was being pulled over his head by the time he walked in to the rehabilitation gym. It slid over his head, giving him his sight back, and she was the first thing his eyes laid upon. Her arms were hanging awkwardly off of the bench, her head was twisted in a position that would surely leave her with neck pain, and a pile of clothing was strewn beside her on the ground. He stared, frozen and hesitant, for several long moments. The first thing he thought to do was call Hux to deal with her - a plan that was just as quickly dashed as it was conceived, when he remembered where Hux was. The second thing that came to mind was to call one of the petty officers to carry her back to her room - and that idea was flammable, burning away almost immediately after considering it. He was not going to call a stranger to touch her, to carry her, to put her in her room. A third came - he could leave her there, but she would be rudely awoken the moment he started training. And he wasn’t giving up on his plans just because she’d decided this was a good spot to take a nap. His wide shoulders slumped in resignation. He left all of her clothing on the ground, as if that brusque gesture could sharpen the edges of his actions. His legs bent, and he crouched beside her, slipping his arms under her upper body and her knees. When he lifted her, he immediately recalled what it felt like to carry her in exactly the same way, when he’d taken her to his ship. She weighed next to nothing, always deceiving him with the image of frailty. But this time, he knew better. The girl in his arms was anything but fragile. His arm ached as a reminder, as if he didn’t see the reflection of her strength etched across his face every day already. He opened the door with his foot, and carried her gently through the hallways and up the stairs to her bedroom. Opening that door would prove a little more difficult, so of course he cheated. The private lock clicked to unlock from the inside, and the door swiveled open to give him access to it. He stepped into the dark room, and swiveled to face her bed. Laying her on it should have woken her, but when her body rested back on the cushions and sinking softness, her expression never changed. He was on one knee in front of her, even as he pulled his arms away and let her body settle into the mattress. She didn’t shift, or even make a sound, other than the long inhales of her deep breathing. She was fast asleep, submerged so heavily that he could tell she wasn’t even dreaming. How long had she been denying herself this? He pushed himself up to his feet, and pulled the covers out from underneath her. Even this less than gentle action wasn’t enough to stir her. Once he placed the covers over her body, he reached out and pressed two fingers against her neck, while simultaneously reaching out with the Force to check for illness. There was always the chance she’d been drugged. When he was sure it was just exhaustion keeping her this deep, he withdrew and pulled his hands away from her neck. His fingers travelled unnecessarily up the line of her jaw, escaping the touch of her only at the top of her chin. Her skin was as hot as the desert she’d come from, and his palm lifted to press against her forehead. Although he might have suspected she had a fever, he realized a little too late that it wasn’t her that was running a high temperature. His skin was just cold, colder than it should have been. He pulled away from her as if scalded, and rubbed the skin of his hand with the fingers of the mechanical one. That was more than enough touching for one day. He heard the quiet clearing of a throat behind him, at Rey’s doorway, and realized he hadn’t noticed anyone coming. Preoccupation was threatening, even if the sudden chill of the presence behind him was entirely familiar, and welcome. Ren breathed out a sigh of relief. “I see you’re not dead.” He whispered, still facing Rey even as his head turned to speak over his shoulder. “Is that concern I hear?” Hux whispered back, leaning one shoulder on the doorway smugly. His arms were folded in front of him, and when Ren finally turned to face him he would see all the little imperfections that stood out to a man who paid attention. Hux’s hair was disheveled, his shirt collar was unbuttoned, and his coat was gone. He looked positively primeval in comparison to the way the man normally kept himself together. “You look like shit.” Ren informed him, stalking towards the door and pushing him out of it. They stood just outside of Rey’s doorway, their voices hushed to keep from waking her - though Ren knew they could be screaming at the top of their lungs at this point, and she wouldn’t have batted an eye. “That is concern.” Hux confirmed, a vested interest threading in the pitch of his voice. Taunting Ren felt almost necessary, at this point. Perhaps he was using it as a stress reliever. “How very kind. But I’m just fine, really.” “How did it go?” Despite how much it sounded like Hux needed to keep their conversation light for his own sanity, Ren had no patience for it. A very short sigh left the General’s lips, and he turned instead to look inside of the room, resting his gaze sharply on Rey as she slept in her bed. That was in part why Ren felt so impatient to speak of the meeting - because Hux had caught him putting Rey to bed, and the last thing he wanted were questions about why. But Hux was asking no questions. Eventually, as the silence stretched, Ren’s eyes followed his gaze and dropped to rest on Rey, as well. He could feel tumults of confusion, and he knew only half of them were his own. “She is special.” Hux finally murmured, almost too quietly. “Strange, isn’t it?” Memories of the way she’d forced herself back into his mind bubbled to the surface, and when Ren responded, it was with a dangerous roughness to his voice. “Yes.” “Is that why you took her?” Hux sounded so innocently curious, that Ren did not think twice before responding. The answer was automatic, just as it had been when Snoke probed his mind for it. “No. She had the map. It made sense.” When Hux finally turned to raise an eyebrow at the man, there was an expression so knowing, so damn clever , that Ren knew Hux didn’t need the Force to read a person’s mind. He watched Hux unravel every secret inside of him with just a look, and felt painfully exposed. “Is that right.” The General breathed out, through lips that hardly moved. Ren’s eyes fell to them for one second too many. The bastard was too good at this. Too good at everything. Ren hated him. “Come.” Hux broke the spell he’d cast himself, straightening up in a way that brought him close enough to startle Ren into taking a step back. “Let’s discuss the meeting somewhere where we don’t have to whisper.” He put his hand on Ren’s shoulder to move him out of the way of the door, and Ren snapped his arm away at the touch. If Hux noticed, he made no mention of it. He just leaned in, and closed Rey’s bedroom door, chancing one final glance at the sleeping woman that elicited a small, guarded smile from him, before leaving her in darkness. Notes: Rey is my sugar cookie and I love her. This chapter was probably the most important one to me personally because Rey is my favorite character in Star Wars, and I strive to do her justice, even though I stumble and fail sometimes. I loooove her. (And so will these two assholes.) To everyone who comments and reads, I love you guys so much, I really hope will continue to enjoy it the way I enjoy all of your amazing writings. Also, you should all go read the best Reylux fanfic, Codega, if you haven't already (which you probably have because it's a famous beast of a thing) If not go now: Codega by Juulna!! Me and Juuls are having a fight over which one of us can make the other one happy cry more. SHE'S WINNING. Chapter 9 Notes: Warning: Minor death, blood, violence. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “General. You seem.. disappointed.” It was the first time General Hux had ever seen the Supreme Leader in person, and even though he was at least a foot or two taller than Hux himself, the General could see why he’d kept to holograms. Snoke cut an imposing figure of dread in billowing black robes that hid his gaunt form, and he moved with a glide instead of a natural step. Despite all of this, the Supreme Leader was not nearly as intimidating as the holographic goliath he used when he spoke to his men on the Finalizer and on Starkiller. Other than size, there was nothing explicitly different about the way he looked in real life versus the way he’d previously presented himself - and yet, there was something to be said about finding an entire army under the command of a withered, decaying old man. There was mortality in the detailed sight of his skin, wrinkled and stretched thin. Hux had never considered simply shooting the Supreme Leader in the head and ending his reign until today - but he still suspected it wouldn’t be that easy, even if it did flicker across his mind in a passing thought. By the sound of Snoke’s deep, throaty chuckle, Hux knew he was right to suspect as much. “Not at all, Supreme Leader. This is simply our first time meeting face to face. It will take some time to adjust.” “You needn’t bother.” Snoke’s voice had a gravelly tone to it, as though his throat was disintegrating at the same level as the side of his face, and each word was a rasp of sandpaper against flesh. “This will be the only time.” Hux’s throat bobbed as he swallowed, pushing down the sudden urge to run. He felt particularly disinclined to die here, especially when he hadn’t even had a chance to speak his mind yet. “You have been wondering why I haven’t contacted you directly since our arrival.” Snoke accused, with a haughty and uninterested tone. There was no point in denying what Snoke had already gleaned from his mind. “It had crossed my mind, yes. But I trust in your wisdom. I’m sure you had your reasons.” “Come.” Snoke beckoned, turning to glide down the long, seemingly endless hallway. “Walk with me. Your mind is heavy and it’s time you relieved it.” Hux took the offer immediately, falling into step beside Snoke. His steps were never quite long enough, and he kept them quick in order to keep himself at the Supreme Leader’s side. The need to step lively made him feel childish, like a small boy attempting to keep up with his father. Snoke was no father figure to him, but he knew the effect was intentional. “Surprisingly, I do have much I wish to discuss with you. However, I would feel remiss if I did not ask you - is there a new strategy moving forward, now that we know the location of the Resistance base?” “Now that Starkiller has been destroyed, you mean.” Snoke sliced through Hux’s first attempt at shedding a positive light on the situation, leaving him exposed with his greatest failure at the forefront of the conversation. “Yes. Of course. The destruction of Starkiller was unfortunate; I take full responsibility for it’s failure to survive such a paltry show of force.” “Of course.” Snoke continued to look merely amused, but waved his hand idly as if to grant Hux leave to continue speaking. He wasn’t here to focus on the loss of Starkiller, or General Hux’s mistakes. He simply looked like he was benevolently allowing Hux the chance to air his grievances, before sending him away no better than he’d been when he came. Hux knew the Supreme Leader did not expect much from him. He was glad to prove him wrong. “The creation of a giant superweapon had its merits, but I believe our chances now lie in the strength of our troops and fleet. With the Republic gone, all that’s left between us and victory is the Resistance. That’s not to say I will be underestimating them again - those days are long behind me.” “Good, good.” Snoke purred out, clearly pleased to hear the humility in Hux’s voice as he described what he’d learned from his mistakes. “I agree. The Resistance must be wiped out. But I do not agree with the mentality that they are our last enemy. There is much more danger ahead than you imagine, General.” Snoke was speaking of the rise of the Jedi. Hux took this as the perfect segue to slide his new plan into action. He mustered up a complex, thoughtful expression, as if Snoke’s words had somehow given him a clarity he had not previously possessed. “Of course you’re right, Supreme Leader. The Jedi would pose a great threat, if they were allowed to rise. A pity, then, that Luke Skywalker could not be found in time. He’s surely with the Resistance now.” Hux didn’t know that. But simply suggesting it eliminated the need to search Rey’s mind for the map. He continued, his voice lifting with false pride. “But at least we have the girl. She will never get the chance to become a Jedi.” Snoke did not pause in his glide, but Hux could tell his interest had suddenly shifted. “And how is our scavenger guest? I presume you have been treating her well?” “Oh,” Hux breathed out, the pride in his voice no longer as false. “Better than that, my Lord. I have all but convinced her that the First Order would prove a better use of her time than the Resistance. She is all but convinced to stay with us, willingly. ” Now, Snoke stopped. They had come close enough to the end of the hall to see a doorway, but he paid no attention to it - Hux had fully captured his attention, and the feel of those penetrating eyes on him made Hux shift from one foot to another. “ You’ve convinced the scavenger to join the First Order?” Snoke hummed out in disbelief. “Not exactly,” Hux forced a thread of light-hearted amusement into his voice. “I’ve convinced her that both sides of this war have equal rights to be protected. She is still bent on trying to save lives; but that goal can be molded. And I’ve already begun to do so. I’ve given her a lot to think about.” Here, he knew Snoke would hold back no longer. Hux had prepared for this; he knew exactly what he needed to hide, and what he was prepared to show the creature that dove violently into his mind. The intrusion was more painful than any physical injury he’d ever experienced in his life. It took every ounce of his willpower just to keep from screaming, but he refused to give Snoke the pleasure of hearing it. As Snoke searched, Hux could see exactly what memories the Supreme Leader was carding through, and relished how perfectly his memories were serving him. He’d spoken all the right words to Rey, given her all the right options. He’d played to her needs with the stroke of a master, and now she was considering a life with the First Order. Not as a fighter, or a warrior, but - “She will not fight for us until she has embraced the Dark Side.” Snoke warned, pulling out of Hux’s mind with no gentleness at all once he’d taken all he needed. Hux was unaware he’d begun breathing hard until he’d been given his mind back, and he tugged at the buttons of his high collar, loosening them in an effort to get his breath back. His hands ran wildly through his hair, scratching at his scalp until he couldn’t feel the residue of Snoke’s psyche within his own, anymore. “I agree.” Despite how shaken he was, Hux did not miss a beat. “But getting her there may take less time and effort if she has a cause she believes in, to keep her here. With us. With you, Supreme Leader. Ren has already tried brutality in order to convert her. His face is proof enough that this may require someone with a little more subtlety than that.” “Someone like - you, for example?” Snoke knew exactly where Hux was going with this, but when he spoke, Hux looked at him with surprise. “Well, I would unquestionably attempt to lead her in the right direction, if that is your wish, my Lord. Certainly I would enjoy a chance to redeem myself for the past.” Hux could practically hear that last nail being hammered into the coffin, as he humiliated himself in front of Snoke just to prove he had no ulterior motives. It worked; the withered creature looked charmed, which was a disturbing expression to witness on that face. “Clever boy.” Snoke chuckled out, turning to finish walking towards the door. “But I think you will prove useful, after all. I confess myself surprised at this, General.” He opened the door, and his hand lifted - there were five Stormtroopers, all standing there like a firing squad. He stopped them from what looked like their next move, which was to gun down the General the moment he walked through that door. He’d only been brought here to be killed by his own men. Snoke had judged him, and found him useless for anything more than just to make a point, and to remind the Stormtroopers who was actually in charge. In the span of their conversation, General Hux had changed that decision. He felt sick to his stomach. “The girl is to remain here on this planet until Kylo Ren’s training is complete.” Suddenly, Snoke’s voice sharpened, businesslike and dangerous. “Then, you will take her to the Finalizer, and prove to me that you can manage her. I warn you, General. She has already cut down my apprentice. I sense that she would not hesitate to cut you down, as well.” For once, Hux agreed with the Supreme Leader. Wholly, and unconditionally. “Yes, my Lord.” He agreed, nodding sharply. “May I ask a request, if it does not trouble you?” Snoke looked as though he’d thought the conversation was over, but there was no button to shut off the hologram, and he was still walking through the door to his throne room. So he turned, touched his fingers to one another, and then crooked them thoughtfully to await Hux’s appeal. “The deserter. FN-2187. He still lives, and I’ve received no order to terminate his life yet, so I had hoped you might allow me to use him.” “ Use him?” Hux smiled - it was a tight, tiny thing. “The scavenger is quite taken with him. She has all but promised me her allegiance if I manage to send him back to the Resistance unharmed. I’d rather see him hang, myself - but this could be exactly the kind of turn needed to bring her fully to our side. I seek your guidance on the matter, Supreme Leader.” Handing the reins back to Snoke left the power completely in the Supreme Leader’s hands - exactly where Hux knew he wanted it. “The life of the traitor does not concern me. I leave that in your care, General. If your choice returns to haunt us, however, I must confess that this will be the last time I put my faith in you.” Hux thought it was a miracle that he’d even been given this second chance, considering what he was walking into. Snoke had already returned to his throne, but the General stood where he’d entered, refusing to look at the five Stormtroopers standing beside him, shifting uncomfortably. But he wondered about them, nonetheless. “Ah, but General.” Snoke breathed out, his voice suddenly slick with false compassion. “You have a very serious problem. The girl and the Resistance are not exactly the only things you should be worried about.” “My lord?” Snoke’s eyes turned to the Stormtroopers, and for a few moments he simply stared at the group. His expression was filled with curiosity, and Hux couldn’t help but follow his gaze. He finally spared a glance at the men as well, wondering what they had to do with anything. “You were summoned today to die. You have suspected this already.” Snoke did not bother to hide his intentions; it was obvious. “But as luck would have it, you have adhered yourself to a powerful Force sensitive. She trusts you. I can feel it. More importantly, she does not trust my apprentice - and you, General, have the power to change that. You will need to change that. She must learn how to use her powers properly.” He felt his stomach twisting with apprehension. Snoke wanted to use him as a buffer to bring Rey closer to Kylo Ren. He suspected that once this duty was performed, he would be back in front of the firing squad again. “But.” Snoke continued, the airy nature of his conversational tone disappearing as he leaned forward. “These men in front of you, they should be your highest priority. You see, I did not compel them to come here. You must know that I did not need them to kill you, General.” Snoke let out a long, breathy chuckle at the thought, before continuing. “They requested this of me. Out of revenge.” The world felt like it was falling away, leaving Hux floating with nowhere solid left to stand on. He turned fully to look at each Stormtrooper, clad in full armor; each a perfect copy, despite the fact that he knew better. He knew there were faces underneath each of those helmets - faces that he now imagined to be twisted in hate, and pain. These had been his men - every single one. And they’d turned on him, putting their lives in danger by informing Snoke that they wanted to kill General Hux themselves. As if they all knew, without question, that his failure with Starkiller would mean his death. It wasn’t such a far fetched conclusion to come up with, considering the Supreme Leader’s history with failures. “These men had families, General. Brothers. Sisters. Wives. Husbands. Children. And they trusted us with them. They trusted that the Starkiller base was untouchable, because you told them so. Daily, in fact.” Snoke’s voice tried to maintain a semblance of respect. Hux heard the very gentle thread of amusement leaking out with every word, though he knew he was never meant to hear it. The men who’d trusted Snoke so readily certainly showed no signs of hearing it. They were sure the Supreme Leader now had their best interests at heart. “Their families are dead, and it seems they are reluctant to blame the Resistance, when it was you who’d convinced them this tragedy could never happen. And they’re not alone. So you see, you have a much greater problem than you might have suspected. I would suggest, for your sake, that you place all of your efforts on rectifying this behavior.” There, in one final sentence, Snoke exposed himself. General Hux could see one of the Stormtroopers helmets shake as he turned his head up to the Supreme Leader, and he imagined the look of shock on the man’s face. It did not surprise Hux to find the Stormtroopers so pliable, and easily manipulated. They’d been bred and trained to be that way. They were supposed to be perfect. He was looking at living proof that the Stormtrooper program needed a delicate, but demanding overhaul. Supreme Leader Snoke was right - he wasn’t going to have a lot of time to deal with the girl, and her indoctrination. She needed Ren. He needed Ren. His muscles tightened with dismay at the very thought. “Your advice is graciously appreciated, Supreme Leader.” Hux breathed out, surprisingly honest with his words. “I will no doubt devote myself to this very serious issue.” “And how will you fare, I wonder?” Snoke mused, leaning back on his chair as the conversation dwindled and disinterested him. “Will the soldiers of the First Order return to your command before an assassination attempt is made? Or has the legacy of Commandant Brendol Hux finally ended with the failures of his son?” That was a very, very low blow. Hux was surprised Snoke felt the need to go that far, but he offered the exact response the creature must have wanted; his body stiffened, his brow furrowed, and he felt the first stirrings of shame clench at his heart. “I will not fail again, Supreme Leader.” The words were growled out through clenched teeth, and forced determination. “The Stormtrooper program will be reclaimed.” “Good.” Snoke hummed out thoughtfully. He waved long fingers at the men in front of Hux, and spoke his next command with the air of disinterest. “Start with these five. Order them to kill one another.” Hux turned his eyes to the Supreme Leader, his expression flat and unflinching. The men he turned away from all took a step back. “I believe we’ve already established that these men-” “GENERAL.” Snoke roared out, a flare of black engulfing him as he suddenly rose to his feet. When he moved, Hux finally felt the overwhelming power that the man possessed inside of that withered body come to life. He was gliding smoothly, nearly floating at the man, and Hux felt rooted to the spot, unable to move despite the urge to run. He’d never before feared so deeply for his own safety as he did when the specter loomed to stand beside him, glaring down at the man with a cloudy, lifeless gaze. “ You would do well not to argue with my orders , from now on.” The Supreme Leader bore down on him, forcing Hux to lean his head back in a vain attempt to pull away. “Yes. Of course.” Hux could barely breathe, let alone speak. When he turned back to the Stormtroopers, he delivered the order with absolutely no faith that they would comply. That was the problem, after all. “Men. Prepare to fire and kill the man on your left. Now.” He watched, and felt a jolt when he saw the weapons twitch upward, as if every man thought the others were going to listen. When none did, they fell lax once more. That was more than Hux had expected, considering how angry the men were at him. He was, perhaps, a little proud. For one moment. Snoke turned his imposing form towards the Stormtroopers, and each one straightened their back out like puppets, moving in tandem. He breathed out the words with such grace, that Hux almost felt tempted to pull out his own weapon in response. “Kill one another.” There was no hesitation. No fear, no twitch, no willful response. The blasters lifted, and each man fired on his brother. The screams startled Hux into shuddering, but he knew better than to look away. The sound of armor clanking against one another filled the echoes of the room as the men crumpled into a pile, bleeding their lives away on top of one another. “You are my finest General.” Snoke whispered in the silence that followed. “And your methods have proven effective on the men you command. But this lesson is an important one, which I fear I have not impressed upon you enough. A thousand men at your disposal - a million - a billion - none of them will matter, General. If the Jedi rise. ” The point was - perhaps a little over-dramatically - made. “You will use your influence to adhere the girl to Kylo Ren.” Snoke commanded, turning dark eyes down to the man. “And then you will focus on where you are truly needed.” It was a slap in the face, to be reminded that no amount of achievements in battle could elevate General Hux to the level of any Force sensitive. He received Snoke’s message, loud and clear. And he’d never wanted to kill the man more in his life than he did in that one trying moment. Snoke tore the thought from his mind, and Hux felt a trill of anger at how it made the Supreme Leader smile. It was almost as if Snoke felt like he’d accomplished his goal, simply by forcing General Hux to hate him that much. “Yes, Supreme Leader.” Hux hissed out, refusing to hide his animosity if Snoke was simply going to tear it out of him like that anyway. He could feel the smug satisfaction rolling off of Snoke in waves, even as the man backed away and returned to his throne. “Good.” Snoke sighed out. “I confess I am rather pleased.” Snoke slid backwards into his chair, and settled in comfortably. “This is not the direction I thought your visit would go. It’s much better. Wouldn’t you agree?” Was he truly asking if Hux agreed that living was better than dying? Snoke was just toying with him, now. He found it childish. “Immensely.” Hux responded sharply, impatient to leave before the blood of the Stormtroopers reached the soles of his shoes. Snoke sensed his impatience, and waved a hand in dismissal. It was enough to send Hux twisting around on his heel, exiting the room and clacking his heels noisily down the temple’s hallway to return to his speeder. It was only during this long, anxious walk that Hux began to realize the scope to which his planned ‘dismissal’ had begun to imply. The Supreme Leader had never once before reached out to any of the Stormtrooper Corp., nor were they ever allowed in his presence. And yet there they were, five of them, given the privilege of killing off the General for the petty excuse of revenge. Snoke had been making an example out of them, to send back into the Corp. There was a new, subtle game being played - an attempt to rally the army itself to the cause of the Supreme Leader alone, instead of his underlings. No longer was Snoke attempting to use the might of Kylo Ren, or the leadership of General Hux, to lead his army for him. He’d planned to dip his hands in personally, for the first time Hux could recall since Kylo Ren’s indoctrination. Hux left the temple with a sense of dread that extended far behind his own life, or that of the girl’s. The implications involved in Snoke’s decisions were too heavy to comprehend alone. He’d been right, before. He needed Ren. And entertaining the thought held a little less nausea, the second time around. It had been a long winded speech, but when he was finally done, Hux felt relieved to be able to speak of what had happened. Normally it always felt so important to keep others shut out, and keep every nuance a secret. He’d come to the very strange conclusion that the world had just gotten a lot smaller, and more dangerous for him. Bringing Kylo Ren into what amounted to a very tight knit circle of trust was a remarkably necessary idea. The man he’d been a month ago would be revolted by who he’d suddenly been forced to become. “I should have warned you.” Ren murmured, after enough time in silence to let it all sink in. “I suspected. I wasn’t sure, but - shutting you out like that for so long. I should have known he was going to kill you.” “Yes, you’re right. This is really all your fault.” Hux’s sarcasm was as biting as ever. He had a small glass in his hand, with some cheap imitation of what real alcohol should have been - the medical facility did not service to his particular tastes, but after a day like the one he’d just had, he thought anything would do. After a sip of it, he’d changed his mind. Now, he was just swirling the drink thoughtfully, and trying not to snap. “There wasn’t anything you could do. Knowing beforehand does not change the outcome. So.” He stared unhappily into the glass, and wondered for the umpteenth time where his cigarettes had gone. “If Rey chooses to leave, he’ll kill you. He’ll kill her, too.” There was a low, careful warning in Ren’s voice. Hux knew that whatever strange desire Ren harbored to keep the two of them alive wouldn’t be enough to save them. The General had a very small window of opportunity that only he could access. “I am aware.” He let out in a tired breath. “But to tell her that would be tantamount to removing her free will. Nothing will stop her from leaving, then. You know that.” The silence that fell over them both weighed their shoulders down heavily. Hux finally took another swig of the foul drink in his hand, and twisted his face up with disgust. He slammed the glass down on the table, and stood up to leave. “I suppose one good thing will come of it, if it all fails. You won’t have me getting in your way anymore. You’ll have that to look forward to, one day.” He tried to move, but his wrist was clamped down by rough, forceful fingers. He swiveled to stare down at the hand on him, his eyes narrowing in anger. What was the man playing at? “You aren’t in my way, General.” Kylo grumbled, keeping his eyes firmly stationed on the table in front of him. “Not anymore.” Despite how hard Ren was holding him, Hux felt determined to pull his hand out from beneath those demanding fingertips. He used his other hand to tug at them, until his wrist slid free and he stepped far enough away to keep himself at arm’s length this time. With a flustered brush of his fingers through his own ruffled hair, he straightened himself up and tried to play as though the words - the touch - the very effort Ren was exerting - did not affect him the way it clearly did. “Pity.” He shuddered out. “I suppose I’ll have to try harder then.” Ren slid out of the chair, in a move so smooth and dark it felt vaguely reminiscent of Snoke’s imposition. The comparison made Hux’s blood run cold. A box was pulled out from beneath Ren’s robes, and thrown at Hux. He lifted his hands to catch it, but he was flustered enough to stumble a few times before the box finally fell safely in his hands. It was a pack of cigarettes - his cigarettes, or at least his preferred brand. His mouth fell open, and he turned to watch Ren leave. “You dropped those in my room.” Ren muttered over his shoulder, by way of explanation, and farewell. He was gone before the General could even thank him - or point out that the box was new, unopened and still wrapped in plastic. He hadn’t dropped them at all; Ren must have ordered them from the quartermaster himself. Hux tore through the wrapping with one hand, and the last of the dread Snoke had instilled in him began to fade away as he tilted his head out of the doorway, and watched the brooding man in black stomp his way down the hall. He was thankful for the solitude. Ren was not permitted to see the satisfied smile lifting the corners of General Hux’s lips as he whispered out, far too fondly. “You absolute bastard.” Notes: This was the most unsatisfying thing to write but IT HAD TO BE DONE. Fucking plot. Who asked for plot. I didn't. *Grumbles as she drifts off into space* ON A LIGHTER NOTE. Something amazing happened to me today. For the very first time in my life, someone drew fanart of something I'd written. There are no words to describe what a feeling it was to see that, so I will just share this precious gem with you and try not to start capslocking with joy all over again. Kylo carries Rey to bed by Persimonne So there we go. I have been blessed. I'm still very emotional about it. ;; Speaking of blessed, I still can't believe you guys are sticking around and commenting and just being generally so supportive, I feel really, really lucky to have nestled into this little corner of fandom and don't plan on leaving anytime soon. Thank you for all your wonderful comments and for reading and for WRITING TOO!! BECAUSE OH MY GOD I READ SO MUCH GOOD FIC TODAY! NEVER STOP YOU GUYS NEVER STOP! one day I'll get to write some smut you piece of shit cockblocking snoke son of a- Chapter 10 Notes: Rating changed to explicit for obvious reasons. (Don't get too excited.) (Well you can get a little excited.) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) At first, the cigarettes were enough. Hux lit one before he’d even arrived at his private quarters, but he refused to take that first long drag until he was safely behind a locked door. He brought the cigarette to his lips and the shuddering sound of his inhale was obscene in its desperation. Then he pulled it away and his lips closed as the burn of smoke circulated through his lungs. The warm relief made him slam his back against his locked door, and close his eyes. It had been too long. Too long, and he’d needed it so much. The smoke was released through his nostrils in a long, satisfying exhale, turning him limp with relaxation. He slid down the door frame, sat with his knees bent and his elbows resting on them, and just smoked until his brain felt addled with the intoxication of nicotine. And for a very long time, it was enough. But the tension rolled back into his shoulders, and his hands began to shake even as he brought the cigarette to his lips. He couldn’t deny the absolute mess he was currently drowning in. His near miss with death, his new orders, and the disloyal estrangement of his own men; an entire army of men who’d followed him willingly until his best laid plans destroyed their faith in him. If Snoke didn’t kill him, a rebellion surely would. The conditioning programs would have to be overhauled completely. There was something inherently wrong with them, or perhaps with the whole system in its entirety. He would have to work day and night until he found the proper answer to this problem - and he had to work quickly. But the girl required at least some of his attention, too. Ren was already aware of Hux’s need for assistance, but that did not change the man’s trying temper. Rey would never let him near her without at least a little positive reinforcement. He thought of her sleeping peacefully in her bed, and the look in Ren’s eyes as he watched her. His fingers began to shake the cigarette in his lips, leaving ashes falling on his jacket. He cursed inwardly at the mess, unbuttoning the flap and tearing it off until he was left with the white tank undershirt that he cared a little less for. He had too much on his mind, and he could feel the tension in his shoulders, and in his back. He could feel the way his jaw clenched, unable to relax it even when he tried. His legs felt taut and strained. And the pain in his temple, still throbbing from intrusion, was only starting to get worse. For his own health, both mental and physical, Hux decided he needed a very long, very private bath. For him, the luxury of a bath was a rare affair. When he did indulge, it was usually because conditions had become incredibly dire - and this day was a perfect example of such an occasion. He was as meticulous in this as he was in all things, always taking the care to do things right. His clothing was removed slowly and with care, each piece folded separately and laid to rest outside of the bathroom door. He left his cigarettes and matches on the sink, turned a dial to adjust the lights inside of the bathroom to half-dim, and sat on the edge of the oval porcelain bath to turn on the water. Once it was near scalding, he pulled the handle to plug the drain, and let the bathtub fill. He missed his private rooms on Starkiller. He knew it was a selfish thought the moment it bubbled up from his head, but it was true. He would have lit a candle to flicker beside him, just to listen to the tiny crackle of fire in the silence. It would be scented, most likely - he would have chosen peach today. Rose oil would have been added to the bathwater; just enough to let him breathe it in as the water steamed the air. Instead, he slid into the plain water, and hissed as it burned his skin. At least it was hot enough, infusing his muscles with warmth from the moment he sank down against the hard porcelain and let his body float in the heat. It wouldn’t be enough, he almost instantly realized. He was a man of method, and as good as the hot bath felt against him, he needed perfection to relax, and this bath wouldn’t be enough to shake the cold dread of what had happened from his bones. It was rare that Hux indulged in baths, but still less uncommon was how often he pleasured himself. Task and ambition kept him from taking care of his physical needs, and now that he’d thought of it he was startled to realize just how long it had been since he’d been satisfied. He guessed the better part of five years must have gone by since his last encounter with a partner while on leave, but he couldn’t remember finding an excuse to take himself into his own hands for the last year he’d spent focused on Starkiller’s preparation. A new tension coiled inside of him; and he knew that it was at the forefront of his mind now, only because he’d been thinking about it. But once it was there, it required his full attention. He laid his head back on the porcelain, stared up at the tiled ceiling, and let his mind go blank. A man like him did not need to indulge in fantasy to arouse himself. He found enough in the act of giving in to desire, of focusing on the responses of his own body and satisfying them wholly. He let the stillness of the moment creep into him, and just the thought of what he was about to do set his skin aflame with arousal. In one hand, held carefully outside of the tub, he was still holding his cigarette. He lifted it for one last long drag, before reaching to drop it in the sink nearby. The sound of the tub’s disturbed water was so much louder after he’d gotten used to the silence, and when his long fingers slid in exploratory strokes down the sides of his neck to wander across his chest, he could hear the soft shift of movement as the water still lapped against him. He took his time there, dragging nails softly across the taut skin until he felt thoroughly touched . When his left hand dipped below the waterline, it brushed across the fine line of hair that curled fuzzy under his navel, and it slowed. The movement turned agonizing, each inch carefully taken until his fingers finally swept down his full, heavy erection. He jerked almost instantly. It had been a long time. He was regretful; because even in this gentlest of moments, he knew he wouldn’t last long. His fingers wrapped a firm grip around the head of his cock, claiming the hard member in his fist, and he hissed as he waited for that sudden urge to die down. He kept still, refusing himself until he could relax again; and only then did his fist finally, finally began a slow, rhythmic pulse of stroking up and down the length of the cock. His thumb grazed across the slit, before his hold slid down again, and his body bucked instinctively into his fist. He thought of nothing, as he fucked himself. That was always the point; those few blissful minutes of peace, where there was nothing to occupy his mind but pleasure. His right hand left his chest and slid behind him, arching up to give him the room he needed to slide a wet finger around the tight rim of muscle he found there. It was a difficult stretch, but oh , when he slipped inside and found was he was looking for, pressing one needy finger against his prostate, the world shifted with delight around him and it was all so worth it. Water sloshed absurdly as he worked himself over, more concerned with finding his completion than the stillness of the moment. He lurched his hips upward, thrusting erratically into the tight, unforgiving clench of his own fist, until a particularly forceful thrust of his own fingers had him seeing stars behind closed eyelids. He’d managed nothing more than ragged, short gasps of breath until that moment, but now a long groan of pleasure ripped forth from his throat and he moved to clutch himself in both hands. His eyes opened to watch it happen, with a glassy gaze and parted, gasping lips. The water above his throbbing cock turned milky, clouding over as he tugged hard through each thick spurt of come. His orgasm lingered and lasted in abnormally lengthy proportion, and for the third time that day he realized that it really has been too long since he’s taken care of himself. He would need a shower, after all of that. He knew it from the way the swirls of white drifted lazily across the water that shifted along his stomach, disturbed by the ragged rise and fall of his breath. Definitely a shower, then. He reached up and grabbed his pack of cigarettes, pulling one out with his teeth and waving his hand in the air to dry his fingers enough to use his matches. Once one was lit, and a cigarette was placed in his mouth, he took a long drag and slid back into the warm water. Now, the nicotine soothed him. Now, it was enough. Someone was knocking on the door to his quarters, and he couldn’t help but cough out a single, harsh laugh at the timing of it. He couldn’t guess at who it was, but it didn’t matter. There was no chance he was going to bother- “General?” His thoughts stuttered and an audible choke caught in his throat. He was sure the universe was playing games with him, when the only person he would actually respond to was calling out his name, tentative and frightened, at his doorway. He rolled his eyes in disbelief, and rose up from the bathtub. So much for that shower. Wrapping a towel around his body, he stormed to the doorway, and stood just in front of it. He wasn’t going to let the girl in while he was undressed, but he was certainly going to address her. “I’m afraid you’ve caught me at an inopportune moment, Rey.” Hux called out mildly, maintaining the airiness in his voice effortlessly. “Is this something that needs immediate attention, or could I ask that you wait there for a few moments while I finish freshening up?” There was a long pause outside the door, then a thunk that sounded like it was on the opposite wall, before Rey spoke again - this time farther from the door than she was a moment ago. “No! Take your time. I’m fine, I’m okay. Nothing immediate. You just, you go finish up. I’ll be here.” He’d embarrassed her. And was it any wonder? She was showing up in front of his room now, as if they were old friends meeting up for a visit. He knew he’d managed to pacify her, but her ability to attach herself to someone was starting to throw him. He only hoped it would be this easy once she found some kind of positive attribute in Kylo Ren. If there even was one. He mildly regretted the cruel, sarcastic thought, and returned to rinse and dry himself quickly. The door did not open until he was done, and fully dressed. His hair was slicked back only by water, for now, but he wore the crisp lines of a fresh uniform, as he waved her inside. His hand stilled in movement when he realized that there was, indeed, something wrong. She was pacing the hallway in front of his door, her arms wrapped around herself and a look of utter rage flickering wildly against her features. His eyes widened in surprise; he never should have made her wait outside of the door. “Rey?” He stopped waving her in. “What’s wrong? Are you all right?” “Yes.” The answer was forced, and immediately retracted. ”No. Can we talk?” The sound of those words made him nauseous, and he couldn’t exactly place why - unless instinct was telling him that he was in danger, before he could really figure out exactly what that meant. Surely he wasn’t scared of her, was he? No. That wasn’t it. “But of course. Please, step inside.” He moved back to stand beside his door, allowing her entry into his quarters. When she stepped inside, it struck him as a passing thought; aside from Phasma, he couldn’t recall ever letting anyone into his quarters before. These weren’t the same quarters, but the premise was the same. This didn’t strike him as odd. He knew it was because the world around him was changing drastically with every passing second, and his mind had become tired of being shocked by new experiences. Rey uncurled her arms and stormed in, but her shoulders remained hunched in a posture he’d never quite known her to possess before. He stared at her, his lips parting in confusion, before he closed the door to his quarters behind him. His hand was on her shoulder without a thought, ready to pull her back and ask her what she needed - but he never managed a word. She snapped her body away from his touch as if he’d scalded her, and her breathing turned shallow. Was she scared of him ? “My apologies.” He whispered out gently, moving to stand beside her without touching her. His head leaned in, earnestly concerned. “The sitting room is this way.” She met his eyes, and let out a long, shuddering sigh as she followed him to the small room. Once she sat down in a plush chair, he pulled another one up in front of her, and settled down in it. His eyes searched her, waiting patiently for the hammer to drop. When it did, it fell hard. “I have to leave.” And there it was. A death sentence handed down with the four most innocuous words imaginable. She’d already decided before he’d even had a chance to stop her. Hux settled back in his chair, and let acceptance rush cold over his body. There were certain benefits that coming to terms with your own impending death allowed for. But the sense of relief that washed over him was marred by the tight clench of his heart when he remembered that he wasn’t the only one who would die for her choice. “I’m genuinely sad to hear it. Can you tell me why?” Her expression was darkening with color, and he knew right away that whatever reasons she’d come up with were embarrassing her. Once again, that made no sense to him. Once again, he was too tired to care. “It’s the bond.” She growled out, itching her shoulder unconsciously with one hand. “I thought I could handle it, but he went too far today, and I’m just not comfortable feeling some things from him.” Now, Hux was surprised. This was Ren’s fault. He found himself doubting that whatever Ren had burdened Rey with was on purpose - not after their last conversation, at least. What could he have done? “Did it seem like he was projecting purposefully? I could have a chat with him, perhaps we could figure out something-” “It wasn’t on purpose. There’s nothing you can say. I just - there are simply some things that should stay private, and there’s definitely something I never want to think about him doing. The only answer is leaving. You have to understand that.” She looked up at him, imploringly. Suddenly her flushed skin, her ragged breathing, and the way she pulled away from his touch all made sense to him. These strange, magical bonds were far more trouble than they were worth. “I think I’ve gotten to the heart of what you’re saying.” Hux measured his words out carefully, trying not to upset her. “And I do not blame you. I wouldn’t want an experience like that, either. However, and hear me out now - there might be a better solution than leaving. If that is a solution at all.” He leaned in, his hands folded in front of him. “From what I’ve read of these bonds between force users, distance is not as favorable of a factor as you’re hoping for. I don’t want you to have to feel anything that Ren feels, either. I really don’t.” He held out his hand for her, and she automatically took it. It was a kind gesture, filled with trust. She was listening, despite the hopelessness in her eyes. She trusted him. He was not surprised. “I want you to learn how to suppress him. How to block it all out. You need to let him teach you that much, at the very least.” He did not offer the option as some kind of distant, disconnected advice. Every word was carefully chosen as he wrapped the idea up and presented it to her. I don’t want. I want. . He made the request personal, because he knew it would be so much more difficult for her to turn it down that way. “You stand on a precipice, Rey.” He whispered. “What you choose now could affect you - and billions of others - forever. Leaving risks the chance that you could still be afflicted by the bond. I won’t stop you if this is what you really want, but I don’t believe it is. You seem much stronger than that. You did not run from him then, and you won’t run now.” His words had once invoked unquestionable loyalty in millions of Stormtroopers. But Rey was no Stormtrooper; she was the strongest willed human being he’d ever met, and he had no idea if his words were falling on deaf ears. He put her hand between both of his own, and squeezed it tight. “You must stand up, and fight against what troubles you. But you won’t be doing so alone.” A small, but telling inhale was sucked in through her parted lips, and it was the only sign he needed to know he’d succeeded. “Let me talk to him. We can do so together, if you like - “ His lips twitched when she shook her head almost instantly in response. “ - or just me. That’s all right. I’ll see to it immediately. We’ll set up a permanent schedule for training, and you will find solace again.” Now, he let his lips lift, because it was appropriate to smile. “And if it doesn’t work, I’ll neuter him. I’ll be doing the world a favor. Do we have a deal?” He’d never heard her laugh before. He thought that he was too tired of being surprised by new things, but the way her raucous, crystalline laugh vibrated through his weary bones to settle warm and demanding inside of him proved that theory wrong. She was not done surprising him; not by a longshot. “Good. Excellent. I’ll see to this matter immediately. You’ll meet Ren first thing in the morning - I’ll have room location sent to your quarters before the end of the night. You two will have a week and a half to figure things out, before he is scheduled to leave.” Hux felt a sharp stab of relief run through him - at first, it was for his own life, and hers. Another stab made him jolt when he realized how important this impromptu training really was - if he hadn’t come up with the idea, Rey would have felt everything Ren went through as he completed his own training. She would have felt everything Snoke was preparing to do to him. His stomach turned at the very thought. “Leave?” Rey sighed out, sounding relieved for her own reasons. “Where is he going?” Quickly, Hux weighed the pros and cons of telling her exactly what Ren was about to do. In the end, he thought brevity was best. “Powerful as he may be, Ren has training of his own left to do. Once he’s gone, you’ll have plenty of time to practice whatever he’s taught you. It will be a rare glimpse of peace, I think.” He could see the curiosity in her rounded eyes. He stifled down the urge to say any more. “One step at a time.” He warned her, reaching out to take her by the elbow and help her to her feet. “Allow me to escort you back to your quarters before I head over to discuss these new plans with him.” She didn’t jolt away from his touch this time, but there was something still so defiant in the way she slowly pulled her elbow out of his hand, and shook her head. “I know my own way.” She promised him, already heading for the door. “Go on and deal with him. The sooner, the better.” She left, thanking him one more time for figuring out how to best help her, and he was left in his room alone. The privacy granted him the chance to calm down his racing heart, and ease his stomach. He’d dodged a bullet that night - but how many more would come for him? How many times would he fear for his own life before anything felt safe again? He stormed out of his room once his heartbeat had returned to normal, and headed directly towards Ren’s newly acquired quarters. He made sure to knock extra loudly, in the hopes he was disturbing him from sleeping. When the door eventually opened, he immediately retracted that hope, because it honestly looked like he had . Ren’s hair was mussed and wild, and the only cover for his exposed upper body was a great deal of bandaging still wrapped around his side, and across his chest. Hux glared up at him with the most effective withering look he could manage. “You have a new assignment.” He clipped out, his tongue slicing sharp on every word. Ren leaned against the doorframe, stretching out his injured body, and gave the General a look of his own. “I don’t recall taking orders from you, or anyone in the First Order.” Hux sincerely wondered if he was going to get through this conversation without punching Ren in the jaw. “This has to do with what we discussed last night .” Hux hissed out, his voice falling low in angry, conspiratorial tones. “She’s agreed to train with you. Only blocking, for now. Your bond came this close to causing her to desert us, today. Your bond, and your carnal activities. ” He relished the way Ren’s eyebrows rose high in shock. Ren looked past the General, his head tilting slightly to look down the hall. He was looking for her. “She felt that?” He whispered, far less shamefully than Hux thought he should have been. His voice laced in disgust when he answered. “Unfortunately. She requested to leave immediately. I persuaded her to give training a chance. Frankly, I’m surprised she said yes. The thought of purposefully spending time around you sounds exhausting.” Ren rocked back on his heels, and his eyes fell on the General once more. One arm lifted, resting on the doorframe between them, and he used the position to give him the leverage needed to lean closer. “Fine.” Ren growled out, fresh anger seeping into his voice. “If that’s what it takes.” “That is what it takes.” Hux replied, his voice suddenly lighter now that Ren had returned to comfortable petulance. “Tomorrow morning, first light. I’ll have a room prepared.” Ren leaned in further, his lips twitching as they held back a snarl. Hux supposed that Ren was trying to intimidate him, which had never worked very well in the past, so it was unclear what he hoped for now. He stood his ground, even as Ren met him eye to eye. “You know why I was doing that, General . Don’t you?” The snarl in his voice had turned husky, and demanding. Hux’s eyes narrowed defensively in response. “Frankly, I don’t give a damn.” He snorted out, his eyes shifting to look away. He expected Ren to back away, or give up on his little show of dominance. Instead, Ren breathed out a harsh sigh, and Hux’s face pinched with dismay at the feel of hot air brushing against his face. It was all just a little over-dramatic for him, considering he had no idea why the man was acting this way. “Then maybe you could use a few lessons in blocking, yourself.” Ren growled out, displeased with having to be so obvious. He got the reaction he was looking for - Hux’s eyes met his, and widened for that one moment of revelation, before they narrowed dangerously thin. The rage that boiled within him was palpable in the air between the two, but other than the tight glare, Hux managed a physical mask of apathy. He would not give Ren the pleasure of watching him squirm. “You don’t know a great deal about me, boy.” Hux’s voice had the gentle air of a schoolteacher, sharing a lesson with a student. “So I will forgive you for being so impertinent. But I’d like to share something of a tradition from where I was raised. It’s a simple one, really. I’m sure it’s common.” He backed away, and pulled one glove off of his hand by tugging each finger carefully until it all came off in an elegant slide. He dropped the glove in his other hand, clutching against it with grace until he met Ren’s eyes again. “It goes something like this.” The glove was slapped against Ren’s cheek with sharp, unforgiving force. His head twisted with the pain of it, and when he turned back to look at Hux, there was a sharp, red welt forming on his cheek. “A gentleman asks first.” The glove came down hard on the opposite cheek, twisting Ren’s head the other way, but this time Ren caught the wrist holding the glove and held it in the air. He turned his head back to Hux, his eyes flashing with hints of red and gold, and Hux seemed gloriously unaffected by the beast trying to tear itself out from Ren’s eyes. Hux tugged once, trying to get his wrist back, and failed. He tugged harder a second time, and Ren released the wrist. He took the time to slip his glove back onto his fingers, pulled it tight and secure, and then turned on his heel to walk away. This time, when he felt the heat of Ren’s glare bearing down on his shoulders, and relished in the feel of having slapped the man into submission, he found himself more relieved from the stress of the day than any of his previous attempts had managed beforehand. It was enough. Notes: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Not exactly the kind of explicitness you were looking for but still delightful fun to write. Considering how long it will probably take to get them anywhere, I think we all deserved that. I wanna thank my friend Hux for inspiring the fuck out of that scene. It's only fantastic because of his Huxspiration. I spent a good three hours today trying to calm down because someone drew fanart again and I SERIOUSLY DO NOT KNOW HOW TO PROCESS THIS KINDNESS, but oh, it's so good, I want to share it with you all because HNNGHHH. So here: Various gorgeous scenes done by http://pissbabysithlord.tumblr.com/ Look at it. LOOK AT ITTTTTTT. FUCK *STILL RIPPING HER HAIR OUT WITH DELIGHT* LASTLY I just wanna give a little warning that I'm taking two days off instead of just one, to give myself a little breathing room, so the next chapter will be up in two days instead of the day after tomorrow, unless I get bored / inspired - the moment I try to plan something like this my brain's like NOPE. But we'll see if I can manage to stay away for more than a day. XD I can't say this enough. I am so honored to be part of this fandom, and that there are people out there who really like my writing and joining in on the fun. I love you all, I can't wait to see what comes from you all next, and I'll see you back here in two days, where NOBODY IS GOING TO DO ANYTHING REMOTELY SEXY. (See, I write that just so my brain tries to fuck me up and it's all porn somehow. I'm smrt.) Chapter 11 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was their first day of training, and she’d already managed to get on his last nerve. Working together had been shaky at best, from the moment Kylo showed up in the lounge and sat down across from her. He thought he’d have a chance to be in the room first, to survey it and get comfortable. He couldn’t imagine how early she must have woken up in order to be there waiting for him before he even walked through the door. She’d probably had the same idea as him. He could see it by the look on her face; she was pleased to be first. It set the tone for their meeting, and that competitive tension hadn’t stopped yet. “Where’s your mask?” Those were the first words she’d decided to say to him. No greeting, no welcome. Nothing even vaguely approachable. She sounded like she was disappointed that she’d have to stare at his face for the day, and his shoulders rolled in an annoyed shrug. “It didn’t make it.” His rich voice shuddered the words out, voicing an emotion he really needed to get rid of if he was going to try and make some peace with her. He changed the subject with a subtle roll of his eyes, looking anywhere but her. “Tell me what you’re here for.” He felt her attention focus; he felt her everything , but this particular moment felt like a stab directly into his mind, and he gave her a glimpse of the kind of power she was here to learn by cutting her off. Now, he looked at her. His lips tried to stay still, but the frustration in her expression made them tremble with the threat of a smirk. “I need that.” She told him, her voice practically singing with frustration. “Teach me how to do it.” “I will.” He promised, his voice almost conversational in it’s brevity. “I agreed to this. I just wanted to hear it from you.” Rey let out a sharp sigh, and he watched every muscle that moved because of it. He watched her rise and fall, the twitch of her lips and the tightening of her eyes, and how straight she kept her back. He observed, and when he felt an edge of anger seeping through her, his eyes returned to hers and caught them glaring. “Stop it.” She demanded. His eyebrows lifted, just slightly. “Stop what? We haven’t even started.” “Stop looking at me like that. ” Kylo inhaled sharply through his nose, and leaned away. This was going to be so much harder than he or Hux could have ever imagined. Working with Rey, just this once, was essential to all of their lives. But everything he did angered her - even the way his eyes studied how she moved. He wasn’t ready to display the depths of control he would need to successfully manage around Rey. She demanded something from him that he wasn’t sure he possessed. He worried at his lower lip, his brow furrowing with dismay. Was he supposed to apologize for looking at her? It made no sense to him to do so, and yet. He could hear Hux’s nagging voice in the back of his mind, telling him he was an idiot for thinking otherwise. “I’m sorry.” He finally growled out under his breath. “I’m trying. ” She was observing him , now, and he knew by the way her eyes roamed his face that she was trying to figure out what mystery could be hiding behind all of his features. Why couldn’t she understand that he’d been doing the same, all along? “I don’t get you.” She told him, the anger replaced with curiosity. He let out a snort, and the walls fell in slow procession. No one was supposed to get him, but letting her in the most shallow of layers was the easiest way to make her feel more at ease with him. If she understood what he was doing, when he was doing it - then maybe, just maybe, they could get through the day without killing one another. He replayed the moment before, as he observed every nuance of her, and let her see it through his eyes. “No one tells the truth.” He informed her, even as she wandered through the outer edges of his mind and saw exactly how he planned to teach her. “Not even to themselves. That’s what body language is for. So if you lie to me, believe me. I will know.” Was she even listening? He narrowed his eyes as her face went blank, focused on searching, reaching for something deeper than what he was showing her - ”Enough.” He shoved her out of his mind and closed himself off to her, so sharply it made her wince with pain. Now he was the one whose anger was escaping, but his was a darker, more sinister emotion than the fire she’d been feeling before. “You push too far. That’s not what we’re here for.” She sat back in her seat, unaware that she’d leaned in while searching, and flopped her hands on the armrest with a sigh. “Fine. What do I do first? Kick you out of my mind again?” Every muscle in his body coiled, and he spent the next few seconds in tense silence, forcing them to release. “Funny how easily you can bring that up, when your meddling mind is the reason you’re in this mess, to begin with. Are you here to learn how to block me out, or try to make our bond stronger?” He’d done it. He’d finally silenced her, and for one blissful moment he thought that meant she was repentant. He thought they’d get this to work, after all. Maybe she could be reasoned with. Maybe- “Are you blaming me for this?” Maybe not. Kylo’s eyes snapped up to stare at her wildly. “Is that not obvious?” He asked, bewildered that she could even be surprised. “When do you think this happened, Rey? You took my probe, you wound yourself around it, and you followed it back into my mind. You’ve intertwined us so completely, that I can almost feel the memory of the heat of Jakku burning my skin. How are you just now coming to terms with that?” She moved so impressively quick. It was the first thought out of his head as she lunged at him, bearing down on him until her forearm was stretched hard against his neck, pushing him back hard enough to keep him from breathing. Her legs were pinning his arms down on either side of him, and he couldn’t quite understand how she’d managed to do this at all. He thought he might be losing his touch. “ You were the one who forced yourself into my mind. You. This is your fault. I won’t take responsibility just because I fought back .” He opened his mouth to respond, but all he could get out was a choke, before even that was impossible. He realized, suddenly, that his arms were strong enough to push her off of him. He could fling her to the wall, knock her unconscious, or worse. But for once, his anger wasn’t controlling his choices. His mind was filled with white noise, and he enjoyed the quiet. “Say it.” She demanded, pushing her forearm harder against his trachea. She knew that he didn’t need to breathe to take responsibility for his actions. She must have also known that she did not have the upper hand, despite acting like it. This wasn’t about strength, anymore. It was my duty- “SAY IT.” She pushed harder, and he felt something twisting uncomfortably in his neck. He winced, and his eyes finally turned cold with anger. You’re right. Her arm pulled back, leaving him the room he needed to breathe, and he sucked in short, vicious breaths through his nose. “And?” He waited until he felt like his throat wouldn’t burn if he spoke, but when he did, it burned regardless. “I’m at fault.” ”And?” She egged him on relentlessly, and he rolled his eyes up at her. Just the expression alone had her threatening to try and choke him again. In the back of his mind, he wondered how much of this aggressive behavior was really her anger, and how much of it was just him rubbing off on her. That was a pacifying thought. “And I’m sorry. ” This was the hardest of all to say, hissed out through clenched teeth, but he managed regardless if only to see her finally sit back down on her own chair, and not on his lap. “Good.” The switch of her mood disarmed him, as she smiled with smug content. But then she came to the same conclusion he’d just been thinking of a moment before, and realized she was just casually straddling him. With a shove to his chest, she shrank away and returned to her seat. He rubbed the spot on his chest where she’d struck him, and wondered if she thought all of that was his fault, too. Yes, he assured himself. According to Rey, everything was probably his fault, from this point on. It felt strange and discomforting to try and take responsibility for his actions for the first time in his life. He didn’t like the feeling; it had always made more sense to blame others. Before Rey, that was exactly how he managed his day to day life. Her influence on him was now a cumbersome weight, one that he struggled to bear despite how foreign it felt. “Anyway.” Rey piped up for attention, knocking him out of his thoughts. He’d been staring unfocused away from her, but when he returned his gaze he found every movement in her body pulling away, tight and withdrawn. She was embarrassed. She reacted to things too easily, he told himself, explaining away the color of her cheeks and the way she couldn’t meet his gaze. She needed to learn control just as badly as he did. It was a good thing he wasn’t there to teach her that; he’d be a horrible master. “We should begin.” He told her, clearing whatever strange huskiness he suddenly found in his voice. “You just want to learn how to block me out. That means concentration. It’s learned with practice, but you need to start somewhere - you need to feel what you’re doing, and then you can get better at it. Are you ready?” She snapped up to stare at him apprehensively. “For what?!” His eyes fluttered lightly in frustration, and he let his explanation out in a long sigh. “To try and block me.” Her eyes widened, and he watched her as it slowly dawned on her. He was going to try and force himself into her mind. The look on her face made him sick to his stomach. He was doing this to help her, and she still looked so, so- “We don’t have to do this.” The words tumbled out of his mouth before he even realized what he was saying. Of course they had to do this. She would be killed if she tried to leave. Hux would be killed. Kylo couldn’t fathom why he was suddenly giving her a choice. And yet, his words had somehow inspired a determination that skittered across her expression. He’d seen that look before, only once. He remembered how it felt to see her find such powerful, beautiful peace. It had been enough to keep him locked in place, watching it like one would watch a sunrise or a bomb detonating. It had been enough to distract him from killing her, once. “No.” She huffed out, breaking him from the memory of lightsabers clashing together. “I can do this. Teach me.” He sucked a sharp breath in through his teeth and ground his nails against his palms, using the pinpricks of pain to ground him into a sense of control. He was doing this to keep everyone around him alive, and therefore really didn’t need to enjoy the sound of it quite as much as he did. “Imagine a barrier.” He knew he sounded angry by the look on her face, and chose to let her think that was the truth. “Like a helmet around your head. Close your eyes and imagine something impenetrable wrapped around it, protecting you from me. Imagining yourself pulling that barrier down hard over your entire mind, and hold on to it.” She closed her eyes, and lifted her arms. He reached out, pressing both of his hands against her wrists, and immediately her eyes opened again. “No. Just imagine it. Don’t actually move.” Her arms fell down to her sides, and he pulled away. He realized, a little belatedly, that he could have just told her without stopping her physically. It was just the kind of unnecessary touch that would make it harder to focus, and he should have known better. He kept his hands to himself, from then on. “Take your time. Make sure it feels solid. You know how to call the Force to you, now - that’s all you’re doing. Calling the force to wrap around your mind and keep you in solitude. Use what you’ve already learned, and shape it to your desire.” At least now, with her eyes closed, he could watch her freely. He leaned in as his gaze traced paths down every curve of her face, stopping when there was even the slightest twitch. Her brow furrowed and he flickered up to watch it, reading into the tiniest movement with ease. There - she was trying in earnest now. Her forehead smoothed out, and he knew she’d found the Force within. He could feel it singing through her veins, traveling up until it rested against her mind, waiting for her direction. She was too new to this to mold it in exactly the position she wanted, but he could feel her trying, like a new sculptor first learning the feel of clay in their hands. “I think I’ve got it.” She whispered, and Kylo’s lips broke out into an easy smile. “Not yet.” He whispered back, close enough to make her falter. “Don’t get distracted. Focus on what you’re feeling around your mind. The Force is there, where you’ve called for it. Now, make it protect you. Make it surround your thoughts.” Her brow furrowed again as she tried. “When I try to break it, it will be the most distracting thing you’ve ever felt. You have to stay focused, Rey.” He spoke her name too easily, now, and vaguely wondered at what point he’d forgotten that he wasn’t going to use the name anymore. He wondered why that suddenly felt so childish of him. He was the one getting distracted, now. “Are you ready?” He knew she wasn’t. He asked anyway. “Yes.” She shuddered out, so very certain of herself. He centered his thoughts on the moment, and his hand rose up, fingers splayed out an inch from her face. Whatever loose, unmolded collection of power she’d surrounded herself with crumbled in moments, and he slid into her memories with ease, touching on the first thing he could find. He saw a child, dressed just like her, screaming up into the sky. Screaming for someone to come back. She shoved him out with every ounce of Force she’d gathered, and he groaned as a wave of pain traveled through him. She was a brute, unnecessarily rough with him, because she didn’t know how to control it. This was going to be difficult. “I don’t want you in my head.” Her voice trembled when she spoke, as he sat back in the chair, holding his head with one hand. Other than her anger, she didn’t look affected at all. “I only wanted to block this bond. Why do you have to get inside of my head to teach me this?” For a few moments, he didn’t answer. He felt a wave of guilt crashing over him, and he realized quickly that it wasn’t his own. She’d finally noticed that her efforts to keep him out were painful, and perhaps she relented. Or perhaps she did not. He couldn’t quite find it in him to care. “The only way to learn how to keep our bond blocked is to learn how to block. And since your first try was such a spectacular failure, I wouldn’t expect that to be the last time I break through. So get used to it, or get out. ” Since his eyes were closed, he half expected her to be gone by the time he re-opened them. When he did, and she was still there, he was glaring at her through half-slits and wondering why she even bothered. Was being connected with him a worse fate than going through this torture to learn how to stop it? Kylo felt mildly insulted. No, a voice in the back of his mind warned him. That wasn’t insult he felt. “If you like,” He seethed out, drowning the voice out with his own. “You can control what I find, too. Just like before, I’m only skimming the surface. Whatever I find in your mind is up to you. I’m not trying to go any deeper. ” There was sarcasm in his voice - a reminder that she’d done exactly that, when he allowed her inside of his head. She made an expression of distaste, but he knew better than to expect guilt. “Remember the ocean.” When Kylo spoke of it, Rey looked at him as if she’d been slapped. “It’s innocuous, and I’ve already seen it. You use it as your focus, your center. If you use that thought, it might help you with your barrier. And if it breaks, the ocean is all I’ll see.” The next few moments of Kylo’s life seemed to slow with agonizing importance. His suggestion brought a relief down on her that flooded him, and he curled inward as if it hurt to be filled with it. It had been such a simple, silly little thing. He gave her what she needed to keep her thoughts private, and somehow that meant the world to her. He could feel it - he could see it in the way her face brightened, and she smiled. Oh, how she smiled . He was suddenly burdened with more agony than he could handle, and worked to keep his face from screwing up painfully in response. That was an expression that was never - could never be - meant for him. And yet she gave it so freely, just because. Just because. Her smile faltered, and he knew that she’d picked up that something was wrong. “Well?” He hissed out. “Will we try again?” She seemed to recoil at his brusque response, but looked all too willing to try it out. Her eyes closed, and he felt like he could breathe again. He rested his head back on the chair, and used the time she needed in order to collect himself. “Kylo?” He opened his eyes, and found her waiting, utterly concentrated on her task. He must have been quiet for too long - that, or she was just impatient. Either way, he leaned back towards her, and reached out with one hand. It was a little stronger, this time. It felt like pushing through something sluggish and muddy, but he managed nonetheless. When he’d passed through what she’d created, he felt her give up and let him in, and the peacefulness of her ocean ebbed and flowed through his mind. He could understand why the vision was so useful to her. He lingered, tasting that usefulness for himself. “Do you know where it is?” He asked, his thoughts still firmly intertwined in hers. “No idea.” She admitted, her body swaying as the undercurrent of her most peaceful thought tried to wash her away, too. “It’s always been there. I’ve never seen an ocean, before - not that I can remember, at least. But I can feel it when I need to be somewhere else.” “Or someone else.” Rey opened her eyes, and they crinkled with confusion when she saw him there, his hand still perched just beside her head, and his expression distant, but peaceful. “Yes, actually.” She whispered, and he pulled away before she could ask him how he understood that so well. Toying with minds that were already too close suddenly felt like a dangerous game to be playing so soon, and Kylo tried not to feel the growing sense of dread when he realized that she was comfortable just looking at him. There was no fear, no anger or frustration in that gaze. She wasn’t feeling much of anything, he realized, and it was as peaceful as her ocean to endure the quiet inside. It felt like the eye of a storm, but he hadn’t experienced a reprieve in so long, that he latched on to it until it’s eventual end. When her expression crumpled, he felt her fear return. “What kind of training do you think Snoke is going to put you through?” She asked, her lips tightening as if she regretted letting the question free almost immediately after asking it. “I don’t know.” He answered, happy to spare her the details of his previous training. “You have nothing to worry about. At this rate, you’ll have me blocked by then. You won’t feel a thing.” Somehow, her expression looked even more worried, and he finally backed away from the lean, where he’d been inches from her this entire time. He knew the words were coming before she even opened her mouth. “That’s not what I’m worried about.” A long, pregnant pause fell between them, as he stared suspiciously at her, and she stood her ground. Rey wasn’t trying to tell him he meant something to her - she was reminding him that torture of any kind, to anyone, was unforgivable to her. She reminded him, in the silence, of the kind of woman she was. The kind of woman she always would be. The kind of woman that would never turn to the Dark Side. “You’ve learned enough for one day.” His response was strangely unaffected by how serious their discussion had become. He nudged his chin at her, and waved her away with his hand. “Go practice. I won’t be so easy on you tomorrow.” For some reason, his threat made her nose pinch with delight. She stood to leave, but she hesitated for a minute, before bowing her head at him quickly. “Thanks for this.” She offered, disappearing from the lounge within seconds, and leaving him alone to his thoughts. Terrible, dangerous thoughts. Thoughts that wished she was worried about him for more personal reasons than her moral compass. Thoughts that wished he could forget the echo of his master’s reminder that compassion was making him weak; and how true that felt, in this moment. He’d never felt weaker than he did when he saw her smile. Notes: Eyyy I'm posting exactly when I said I would, how weiiird. I have nothing cute or funny to say about this chapter, it's just another one of those necessary steps :| But look, look at this beautiful fanart from the last chapter, and you bet your sweet ass it's BATHTUB HUX. (Actually safe for work though don't worry) THANK YOU PERSIMONNE ;; Classy Bathtub Hux by https://persimonne.tumblr.com/ I LOVE ALL YOU GUYS AND ALL YOUR COMMENTS , and I promise Hux will be back soooon. He just has to go wank off like 10 more times and then we're good ok. Chapter 12 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was four days into their arrangement, and Hux had not seen or heard much from Rey. Ren had managed to stop in and give him a brief update on their second day when requested, which had consisted of a suspiciously short summary of their progress. “We’re managing.” Hux would have probed further on the matter, but he found he’d never been busier in his entire life - and that was certainly a feat, considering his past. This project had taken up every minute of his time, including most of what he should have spent sleeping. He’d been in near constant hololink conversation with Captain Phasma, arguing through every inconsistency and developmental problem that arose from the reconditioning process, and tearing it apart piece by piece. They’d made clear progress, but there was still so much left to do, and never enough time to do it. By the time he saw Ren again, they were on day four, and Hux had managed no more than eight total hours of sleep in that length of time. Usually his breaks came at the behest of Phasma herself, who practically ordered him to lie down for a few hours. Now, he had just woken from a strictly timed two hours of sleep, and was sipping pleasantly on a small cup of caf while he waited for Phasma to return to her console and answer his hail. It was probably the best time for Ren to catch him, because his mind was still foggy from sleep, and he hadn’t yet buried himself back into his work. “Good morning, Ren.” He greeted the man as he entered his quarters without being invited. “You look as surly as ever.” “Look who’s talking.” Ren grumbled back at him, his lip curling with displeasure as he caught the sight of the exhaustion still evident on Hux’s face. The darkness under his eyes would always be too telling due to his pale skin, but even if he did look half-dead, he spoke with the same sharp wit as ever. “How are your sessions with Rey coming along? No major injuries, I take it?” “It’s-” Ren paused, his lower lip pulled between his teeth as he searched for the words. The hesitance made Hux straighten up, suddenly at full attention. He could sense something was different. “-It’s better. She’s gotten the hang of it. We’ve moved past blocking at this point. She’s too stubborn for her own good, she needs to expand her skillset.” Hux could hear just how fake Ren’s annoyance was, but that came as no surprise. “You did want to teach her.” He pointed out, pleased to see the way Ren faltered in awkwardness before nodding his head. He would never admit it, but there was a part of Ren that found great pleasure in passing on what he’d learned. Hux wondered if that was the case with all Force users. Perhaps it was biological in need, the desire to forge oneself again within an apprentice. Both sides of the Force always had such obsessions with it. “That’s not why I’m here.” Ren’s voice sharpened, annoyed at himself for being so easily distracted. "She would like-” There was a quiet, but noticeable clearing of a throat just beyond the door. Hux’s eyebrows rose as he tilted his head, leaning to gaze past the giant man blocking his view. She thought she was out of sight, but Rey’s feet were poking out of the bottom of the open doorway, with her toes pointed childishly at one another. Now, he was thoroughly intrigued. “ We would like it,” Ren seethed out, sufficiently reprimanded into changing his wording. “If you joined us for dinner tonight. It’s been days since she’s-” She cleared her throat again, and Ren’s fists tightened. Hux’s lips parted, as wonder slowly overtook him. This was a new development. “Since we’ve seen you.” The flinty glare in Ren’s eyes informed him that he didn’t actually give a damn about how long they hadn’t seen Hux. He was just following orders. Ren was following orders. Hux sucked in a sharp breath, and let it out in a slow, calming sigh. When he finally spoke, his voice maintained it’s airy, unaffected quality. “Mm. No. Too busy. Perhaps I would have considered if both of you had come to me with the offer, but as it stands-” Like clockwork, the girl burst out of her hiding place and shoved Ren to one side, scrambling to lean her hands on Hux’s desk. She gave him a stern glare, with lips so tightly pouted they were distracting. He knew she’d come - but she didn’t need to be so damn endearing about it. “Hux.” She huffed out. “You need a break. And everybody needs to eat. Come have dinner with us!” Her pout disappeared in place of an awkward, hopeful smile. “Please?” For a moment, he regarded her as he considered. Then he picked up his holopad in one hand, and held it up to his face. He flipped idly through files with his thumb, opened up a blank message, and typed something out with one finger. All the while, Rey stood immobile, her hopefulness refusing to deter. The silence dragged on as he worked, and he waited for the inevitable moment of Ren’s impatience - which came in a quiet growl, and a few whispered words under Ren’s breath. “You insufferable-” “A short meal.” Hux interrupted what was likely to be a string of profanities, as he set the holopad down and kept his eyes firmly off of Rey’s expression. “I’ll have it all delivered to my quarters. Say, half an hour?” Ren responded with a nod, and turned to leave without another word. He looked like he was moving in too much of a hurry to be natural, and when Rey turned around to check, he was already gone. She pushed off the desk, taking that as her cue to leave the General alone as well. But he had other ideas. “Psst.” She was already halfway to the door when his whisper caught her attention, swiveling her back to look at him. He crooked a finger, beckoning her back to him, and she complied, leaning her weight on the corner of the desk. “It’s just one measly meal, General.” She began, already assuming that he was going to try and argue his way out of it. “Besides, if I don’t talk to someone else for a little while, I’m going to snap and kill him. I swear it. It’s a legitimate threat!” His tired expression broke out in a grin, before waving his hand in dismissal. That wasn’t what he’d called her over to talk about. “How did you do it?” He whispered, despite how little the volume of his voice could really protect his privacy. “Make him submit.” An awkward, high-pitched laugh escaped Rey before she could stop it. Her head shook wildly, and everything about her expression indicated that she wanted no credit for something like that. “Not even close. We just made a compromise. He wanted to teach me more than just blocking, and I wanted him to ask you to dinner. It wasn’t even all my idea really - he’s the one who keeps saying you’re working too hard. I just thought this was a good way to make you take a break.” Hux took note of Ren’s excellent observational skills. He would never have guessed the man was even aware of Hux’s current schedule. He chose not to be surprised by this facet of Ren, ever again. “Ah, but still. You two seem to be working well together. He tells me you’ve mastered blocking?” She shook her head, but there was a crooked smile of pride tugging at her lips even as she denied it. “Not mastered, no. Just barely managing to keep him out, but there’s nothing left to do with that except practice. Practice is fun.” She leaned in, her grin showing too many teeth. “He punches himself sometimes when I’m nowhere near him just to see if I feel it. I don’t, but sometimes I say I do just to make him do it again.” Anyone who’d ever misinterpreted the scavenger from Jakku as an innocent, naive creature was a complete fool. Hux relished the mischief in her expression, pressing his index fingers against his lips while his hands folded in front of him. “You’re downright treacherous.” He murmured past the press of his fingers, pride easily audible in his voice. She opened her mouth to argue against it, but he could see her working it all out in her head, and her lips closed before she ever said a word. Instead, she just managed an over-exaggerated shrug of her shoulders. She was a little proud, too. He’d ordered a simple meal delivered to his quarters, after making his excuses to Phasma for taking the time to eat away from his desk. The relief in her voice when she realized this meant she could do the same was palpable; he wondered if he was working the Captain too hard, though it was hard to believe such a thing when her work ethic was even more diligent than his own. If anything, she was probably just stir-crazy from sitting in one place for too long. He wouldn’t have been surprised to hear she’d spent the break training, instead of having a meal. When he returned to his quarters, the meal was already waiting for him. He unbuttoned the front of his uniform, and then buttoned it right back up again. Comfort took a back seat to dignity, and there was no reason he couldn’t eat in full uniform - he did it all the time. There was no excuse to be so informal at a time like this. The knock at his door came precisely ten minutes later, exactly on time. He stood to open it, but paused with his hand on the knob. He could hear them on the other side of the door, and though he couldn’t make out exactly what they were saying, he was sure they were already starting a fight. Wonderful, Hux thought. This had been a flawless idea. He opened the door, and they fell silent - though he caught the way Rey’s elbow was straightening, as if she’d just been using it to try and nudge Ren away. Her expression lit up in a pleasant smile, and Hux stood to the side of the door while holding it open. “Please, come in. Dinner’s already arrived.” The meal itself was a simple affair. The base had no extravagance when it came to their stock, but there was meat - three flanks of steak cooked medium rare - and there was a bowl filled with a remarkable variety of steamed vegetables. A small cup of a rich sauce was placed in the middle, to be drizzled on as desired. “This isn’t what they serve in the kitchen.” Rey breathed out, inching directly towards the table as if the aroma was pulling her forward. Hux walked past her, pulling out one of the chairs and waving her into it. “It’s slop, compared to what the staff of the Finalizer can do.” He informed her, waiting for her to take the seat. She stood in front of it, flickering her gaze back and forth from him to the chair. “Once we’ve returned, remind me to order you the Berbersian crab. It’s - Rey, this is for you.” He’d finally realized that she had no idea what he was doing with the chair, and he reached out to take her hand, leading her to it. She sat down, plopping in the chair until her feet no longer touched the ground, and feeling the slide of it as Hux moved her back towards the table. “There. Now. As I was saying, the crab is excellent in season.” He walked around to the other side, where Ren had already settled himself into the chair across from Rey. He gave the man a tight smile. “Couldn’t wait? I would have held the chair out for you too, if you’d liked.” Cold, flinty eyes flickered at Hux in silent response. Hux gave Rey a knowing smirk, before taking his place between them. “Please, help yourselves.” They’d never eaten together. Hux had never even eaten around Ren. He was surprised, then, to find that Ren’s table manners were impeccable. He should have suspected as much; even if it was only his childhood, he’d been raised by a princess. Despite that, Hux always imagined Ren to be a brute in all things, including food consumption. Instead, he found the man folding his napkin on his lap in just the same way he did, and reaching for the nearest bowl to serve himself with. Rey, however, had no such social etiquette to cling to. Halfway into the meal, Hux and Ren came to the same conclusion; that watching Rey eat was a spectacle they were not prepared for, and it felt like the right choice to keep their eyes focused on their own meals. Of course, Hux knew they were likely over-reacting; she wasn’t pulling apart her food with her fingers anymore, at least. Somewhere within the first few minutes of the meal, she’d picked up her utensils, and started cutting the meat just like they did. Still, neither of the men made any comment about the sound of her chewing, or slurping, or even the way she licked her fingers and dragged them across the plate to get the last few dregs of sauce off of it. Silence was, for the most part, handled quite comfortably between them. Until it wasn’t. “What is this sauce?” The sound of her curious voice was almost startling. She was looking into the bowl, which was almost empty by the time she finally started to think about it. “What’s it for?” “For?” Hux fought down a smile. “You’ve eaten that much of it and you don’t know what it’s for?” She looked at him like she would have thrown something at his head, if it wouldn’t have made a mess. “I can’t taste the ingredients. It’s so strong - I didn’t really care about what nutritional value it adds to the meal until I just thought about it.” Hux flickered his eyes to Ren, as if looking for some sort of support. He got exactly as much as he should have expected - none. The man just shrugged and pushed his empty plate away, leaving Hux to continue trying to answer a question he didn’t understand. “It’s just added flavor, Rey. It brings out the flavors of the meat when eaten together. You’re just meant to enjoy it. Here.” She’d inhaled her food without giving it any thought, so Hux cut off a bite sized piece of what was left of his steak, dipped it thoroughly in the sauce, and handed her the fork. “Close your eyes, and eat that slowly. Leave it in your mouth for a while. Savor it.” She took the fork, and he stood up to let her have the moment while he retrieved a bottle and three glasses from the kitchen. If she ate it without doing as he’d described, he wasn’t going to chastise her for it. It would be her loss. But she did listen, and he discovered this in the strangest way. It was not the sound of Rey enjoying her food that he heard behind him; but a low, throaty moan escaping Ren that almost made him drop the glasses he was carrying. He turned to stare, looking at the back of Ren’s head, and he could see from where he was that Rey was staring too. He’d almost forgotten that Rey knew nothing about Ren’s .. condition. Hux set a glass in front of each of them, and held the last one for himself. Now, he could see Ren’s face - which was flushed pink, and angry with humiliation. It must be torture, to have so little control over oneself, Hux thought. The bottle in his hand was well timed. “He spends all that time teaching you how to block him out,” Hux murmured, amusement laced freely through his voice. “And spends none of it trying to block you out. That’s karma, Rey. Well done.” His light hearted joking broke the heavy awkwardness of the moment, forcing Rey to smile up at him while Ren collected himself. “I’ll take that reaction to mean you enjoyed savoring food. You should try it more often, now. I make sure to enjoy every bite. Or sip, as the case may be.” He held the bottle out for her inspection, against his arm. “I indulged in a special order a few days ago. It took them some time to get here, but it’s worth it.” As he opened the bottle, his conversational tone smoothed him easily into the next topic. “Speaking of special orders. The ship that brought me this little treasure is leaving in three days. I’ve secured a space for your friend to return in it. They’ll be heading to a trade post in a neutral territory. From there, he should be able to find his way back to the Resistance.” He poured a sliver of the brandy into each of the three glasses. “I’ve received word today that his injuries are now fully healed, including the superficial ones. I’ll have him woken up tomorrow.” When he spoke, each sentence flowed beautifully into the next, making it too easy to forget that conversation was a two way street. He finally paused, waiting for her to say something, but when he looked up at her his careful smile faltered. Her hands were pressed against her open mouth, and her eyes were glistening, threatening to overflow with tears. She hadn’t been trying to speak - in fact, it was likely she couldn’t even speak now. Behind him, Ren’s breathing had become short, and audible. He knew by the way she looked and the way he was reacting, that Rey was truly moved. He placed the bottle down, and picked up his glass. “Patience has always netted me the greatest rewards in my life. I’m happy to see that your patience in this matter has done the same for you. Come.” He turned, nudging his head at Ren’s glass. “Both of you. Indulge me. I worked very hard to procure this.” They took their glasses, and Rey’s lips were trembling, unable to contain herself. Hux lifted the glass and tilted it, first against hers, and then Ren’s. “To the future.” He offered, drinking his sip of brandy in one swoop. He wasn’t surprised when the next thing he heard was Rey choking on the taste of alcohol for the first time. He did, after all, remember the cigarettes. The sound of it amused him, so he merely smiled and poured them all another glass. He was starting to become fond of being the deliverer of all of these firsts. Hux knew exactly what he was doing when he refilled their glasses with small, innocuous sips each time they finished one. The bottle was more than half empty by the time he stopped pouring, and they moved to the sitting room with their glasses. He’d slowed down considerably for Rey long before that, but when they moved and she asked for one more, he couldn’t find it in him to say no. He’d promised Phasma he’d return within the hour. It was already bordering on four, with no real end in sight. “You can’t possibly be as drunk as her.” Hux demanded, when he caught Ren stumbling to move from a seat to the floor. “I’ve seen you handle your liquor before. Control yourself.” Ren slurred out something that sounded like it would have been an expletive, before shaking his head thoroughly and pinching his expression with focus. Whether or not the man was using the Force to actually sober himself up, or simply blocking out whatever state Rey was in, was a mystery - and Hux kept it that way. He simply helped prop Rey up into a seated position, and gently took away her glass. Her eyes were closed, but he could tell she was still awake. “This is, oh, it’s lovely.” She hummed out, her head tilting up and falling back. “Do you do this often?” “Absolutely not.” Hux mused out, staring down at his glass as he gently stirred the liquid in it. “One needs a clear, level head to do what I do.” “Otherwise, you blow up the wrong system.” Ren hadn’t yet found full sobriety, but his voice was back, and the snark was uninhibited. Hux glared at him with warning, but the damage had been done. Rey lifted her head back up and opened her eyes, frowning as she tried to think too hard for her sloshed mind to manage. It was a horrible time to remind her of the atrocities he’d performed, but Ren was just intoxicated enough to let his jealousy slip, and there was no shame in his eyes. “Do you regret it?” Rey asked, inevitably bringing it up now that her own inhibitions had left her. Hux was still glaring at Ren, when she asked. He turned to her, and shook his head. “The Republic was far more corrupt than anyone has led you to believe. What I did destroyed a system to unite a galaxy. I will never be ashamed of that.” He could see by her face that she wasn’t happy with his answer. He never expected her to be. There would never be a moment in his machinations where he hoped, even for one second, that Rey would forgive him for what he’d done. But she would forget. Selectively, without constant reminder. The distant tragedy of a world and people she’d never known would slip from her mind when she was brought to focus on how someone she loved was being saved, or hope for a better tomorrow was being offered. She would forget, when it mattered most. He was counting on it. “You should be.” She told him, her voice slurring even as she reprimanded him. “Don’t ever think about doing anything like that again, or else I’ll kill you.” She pointed a shaky finger at Ren, who lifted his head up in surprise. “You too, Kylo. I’m here now. No more of this. I’m here now.” “You’re wrecked.” Ren hissed out at her, refusing to acknowledge that she’d just ordered him not to kill anyone ever again. He shifted, visibly disturbed; and still vaguely intoxicated himself. “Go sleep off this lunacy.” “I mean it.” She breathed out, her eyes fluttering closed as if just hearing the word sleep was enough to pull her down into it. “I won’t let you. I can do this. I won’t hesitate this time.” Her head was lolling to the side, slowly leaning towards where Hux sat beside her. “You heard the woman, Ren. We’re officially barred from killing anyone in this war.” He chuckled out, barely registering the moment her head dropped against his shoulder. His chuckle merely died out, and his eyes glanced at her from the side. “Who would have known it could be that simple?” “And I’m sure you’re going to follow her instructions to the letter.” Ren groaned, sliding his glass away in order to avoid temptation. “She isn’t joking, Hux. I hope you know that. If she thinks you’re about to follow through on another attack, she’ll use this little game of trust you’re playing with her and put a bullet between your eyes.” “How crude.” Hux huffed out. “I should at least hope Rey would find some more creative way to dispose of me, if the time came. She’s a clever girl, Ren. You don’t give her enough credit.” “I give her exactly enough credit.” Ren was on his knees, moving close enough to sit directly in front of them. It was easier to whisper, there. “Enough to take her seriously, unlike what you’re doing right now.” Hux put his glass down, and his lips lifted in an empty smirk. “No. I know she’d try to kill us if things don’t go the way she plans. But she’s never been in a war, Ren. She has no understanding of what’s at stake. Teaching her that will take time, and patience. So yes - for now, I absolutely do plan on following her instructions to the letter. I have no intention to kill anyone, anytime soon. The First Order is in need of some major reconstruction, and I don’t just mean physical. There will be no imminent attacks until we’ve re-established our forces and our system of order. So I think, unless the Resistance begins to actively try to destroy us in our crippled state, that her needs will be met.” He could feel the full weight of her resting against him, now. She’d fallen asleep. “Why did you bring her here?” Ren’s voice had changed so suddenly it made Hux shudder. The anger was gone, replaced by something achingly soulful and inquisitive. He’d never noticed before, but Ren had startlingly beautiful eyes when he wasn’t glaring hatefully. And he looked like he needed an honest answer more than anything, in that moment. So Hux gave him one. “Perhaps,” Hux breathed out, his voice low and almost threatening. “I felt a change of guard was in order.” He saw the tightening of Ren’s eyes, and wondered exactly what the man thought about that. In the long silence that stretched out, Ren’s only answer came in that pit of heated energy churning between them, and Hux felt it was the kind of dangerous answer that just birthed more questions than it was worth. Rey groaned quietly against his shoulder, and Ren’s sharp eyes flickered in distraction, settling on her once more. The move gave Hux a chance to breathe again, though he wasn’t exactly sure when he’d stopped. “She trusts you.” Ren whispered, that same faint thread of jealousy returning to his voice. “Why does she trust you?” In that question, Hux heard another. Why you, and not me? “The answer is simpler than you think.” Hux reached out, and wrapped an arm around the girl. Unconsciously, she curled up into a ball, and her face disappeared against the side of his body. Ren looked on with a touch of bewilderment. “I’ve never attacked her. Never even threatened to. I’ve never entered her mind by force. I’ve never killed anyone in front of her - let alone someone she cared about. I’ve never performed an act of aggression in front of her - her subconscious has no automatic response to fear me. And most importantly, I’ve never once stopped her from leaving. To Rey, I mean freedom.” His hand rested on her head, indenting the hair with it’s presence. “And I plan to keep it that way.” It was clear that Ren hadn’t actually sobered himself up, by the expression that crumpled his face in dismay. He looked crushed - and more childlike than Hux had ever seen him. The night wasn’t a complete waste after all, if it meant seeing the man at his most vulnerable. This was where Hux knew how to handle someone. Where change was possible. “You’ve set a great many hurdles in front of you, Ren.” He told the man, sympathy evident in his voice. “But that doesn’t mean you aren’t willing to overcome them. If you want her to trust you, you need to earn it. Actively. And personally, with the stunt you pulled coming into my office today, at her behest? You’re off to a good start.” It was like watching a dog receive a treat. Ren’s expression lifted, eyebrows raised in question. Hux nodded his head, confirming that he’d actually done something right - perhaps for the first time in a very, very long time. Ren leaned back, letting that single positive thought consume him. It wasn’t enough, of course - not even remotely enough. But perhaps it was a start. Ren chewed at his lower lip, and a particularly strong wave of intoxication tried to rush through him. He was still feeling her, even as she slept. When his eyes fluttered and opened again, he let them settle on the hand that rested against Rey’s head, and a thought bubbled unwelcome up into his mind. He spoke it without reservation. “Do you have feelings for her?” He asked, and the answer came almost instantly. “Why, yes of course.” Hux’s voice was a mixture of amusement, and surprise. As if this was obvious. “But not in the way you might think.” Ren waited, silent and swaying, for an explanation. Hux breathed out a soft laugh, and picked his brandy glass up again. “I feel admiration. A great deal of it, in fact. And a little jealousy. More than that, I feel proud to have found her when I did, and somehow managed to keep her here. Keep her happy.” He took a sip of his brandy, a tiny one. Just for the taste of it on his lips. “But above all things, hope. I feel hope.” It was the most unreachable of feelings for Ren, so far out of his grasp unless he was feeling it through someone else. He had to ask. He had to understand. “Hope for what?” Hux lifted his glass, just the way he had when he’d toasted for the future. “Peace in our time, my friend.” He held the key to it all close, and patted her head as he took another sip before contentedly repeating it. “Peace in our time.” Notes: Yeah okay Hux, because that worked out so well for Chamberlain didn't it. SO here's a chapter, enjoy it while you can . That sounded so sinister. I have no regrets. To everyone who still comments, thank you so much for your kind words and for always reminding me that there are people who are enjoying this, you have no idea how much it means to me! It gives me LIIIIIFE. (P.S. thank you to both Hux and Rachel for always being so supportive, without you guys I can promise I wouldn't have been able to write another chapter. *BLOWS KISSES*) Chapter 13 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey had already suffered through a few dreams of Han Solo before. It was always the same; watching him fall from that bridge, killed by his own son. She’d watch, disembodied, like a stranger who had no right to be there. One who had no right to wake up from nightmares of his death, as if he was more to her than a kind old man that would have given her a second chance. The sound of her screaming always woke her up in a sweat, shaking and gasping for breath. Talking herself down afterward was just a matter of trying to convince herself that he represented something important to her, and her nightmares were just a reminder of what had been stolen. What could have been. They were a reminder, because in the end, she knew she hadn’t known him long enough to memorize his face - and it felt important not to forget. She knew this dream, inside and out. It didn’t matter that she was looking directly at Han this time. In fact, it was better this way. She could see him, now. The dream itself was the same, even if the point of view had changed. Now, she could see all of the emotion in his eyes, and all of the hope. Han was standing in front of a monster and hoped for his son to emerge, because he said he’d missed him. They’d missed him. A foreign thought responded to the sight of Han’s hope - It was just too difficult to believe in his words. Not after all these years. All these disappointments. All the abandonment. Something about that thought set her on edge, even while locked so deeply in her dream. It made no sense. Han had never disappointed her in his life; and she believed, truly, that he never would have - despite Kylo’s jealous little warning during her interrogation. She refocused on trying to memorize Han’s face as he stared up at her, his brow furrowed so deeply that the lines of his age tracked along his forehead. She saw reflections of red in his eyes, and she knew if she looked hard enough, she would see too much, and give in. Give in? Give in to what? And then it happened again. She heard thoughts, but she knew, distantly, that they weren’t hers. In those thoughts, she wished, in one single, traitorous moment, that he’d never come to Starkiller. She wished he’d never tried to bring her back home ( home? ), and stayed safe in the farthest reaches of deep space, away from her. Away from this inevitable fate. But he always was such a fool. She felt like she was hurtling down a slope, and the inevitable landing was finally in sight. She deserved this, that foreign voice kept chanting in her foreign head. She deserved the chance to accept his help, finally, finally , instead of turning away when she’d needed Han most. She deserved the chance to succeed where her grandfather had failed, giving in to his compassion at the last moment. She would be stronger. She would prevail. She felt the burning, beckoning demands of the Light, trying to stop her even now with it’s bone deep agony. This would end that pain, that pull, once and for all. And then maybe they would finally be free. She twisted the lightsaber into his - no, no, she didn’t want to do this, she didn’t want to kill Han Solo, why was she turning it towards him, why was she switching it on, why was this happening? Why was she dreaming it like this? It was never this painful, never this real. She had to stop her hands from moving, she had to be stronger than this - she was always stronger than this- It was barely a thrust. The lightsaber switched on and slid into him, guided home without obstruction. Still, she shoved it further, hungry for the freedom his death would bring. She looked up at Han’s face for those last few seconds of his life, and memorized the look of utter betrayal. She heard Kylo’s deep voice whispering thank you , so close she felt the breath of it blow back against her own skin. And Han was dying, dying right there in front of her, but not dead yet. Not dead yet. She could hear herself screaming again. It felt so far away, it wouldn’t be loud enough to wake her up this time. The sound of her own voice coming from somewhere else terrified her, disassociating her, removing the safety net of knowing she was dreaming and knowing who she really was as it clutched their heart in a new, foreign struggle. Kylo wanted to be proud that Rey and the traitor had seen who he really was. There was no turning back now. This was his choice. Not Snoke’s. His. He would be better, now. Everyone would see it. He would never have to feel anything, ever again. He waited patiently for his humanity to die. Han’s hand reached up - still alive, still alive, there was still time, time to change everything, time to wait for the pain to stop - and caressed his cheek. Old hands brushed against the tense skin of a clenched jaw, and suddenly Han’s expression changed. His eyes were widening. There was a warning, there. His father was warning him, with those eyes. Don’t let this destroy you. The hand drifted off of his face as Han tilted sideways, and began to disappear. Smaller, smaller, smaller still. Until he was gone. Now was his moment. Now, Kylo waited for his father’s murder to strip away his pain and leave him pure and hollow. He waited to be cleansed by his actions, despite how desperately he wanted to fall to his knees and scream. He reached into himself, to scour away what was left; Ben. He was dead. Han Solo was dead. Murdered, brutally, cruelly, by his only son. By him . It all hit him in a rush, and he felt all of the air leave him as if everything inside of his body was slowly, methodically being crushed. This wasn’t freedom. This was torture. This was hell. I’m sorry. He whispered, to a mind so far away he almost hoped it wouldn’t reach her. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. A new, blessed pain alleviated him from the way his heart was turning to ash, and he crumpled down to his knee when the shot tore through him. The world was exploding with gunshots and fire around him, but he couldn’t hear any of it. No one seemed to understand that the world had already collapsed, and there was nothing left to feel but pain, and hate. He hated himself. He hated Han. He hated everything that still lived in this world, a world that no longer had his father in it. And there they were, looking down on him as if they had any right to be. The traitor and the scavenger, still fighting for what was already dead and gone. He met their eyes, each in turn, and rose to his feet. He hated them, most of all. Waking up in the darkness was nothing new for Rey, but she’d never felt so disoriented after sleep than she did that particular morning. She stumbled, reaching out for clues to where she was, and her hand hit the corner of a desk with a sharp thud. She reached up and felt around it, already aware of where she was with just a touch. The question was - why ? This was the second time she’d woken up in her own bedroom, without any recollection of how she’d gotten there. The last thing she remembered was dinner, and everything after turned fuzzy and unreal. She thought she remembered curling up into Hux’s arms, which was ridiculous. Whatever she’d eaten that day must have given her a whole slew of weird dreams, if that and the more painful one were all she could really remember. She reached out with one hand, now that she knew where she was, and her fingers flicked at a lamp on the desk, until they found the switch that illuminated the room and blinded her eyes with light. Her head felt like it was being punched in repeatedly, and when she groaned, even the sound of her own voice disturbed her with it’s volume. Brandy, she suddenly remembered. Hux had given her alcohol. She should have known better. Intuitively, she took stock of her state of dress and body. She was wearing exactly what she’d gone to dinner with, all the way down to her socks - but as soon as she realized what she was checking, she almost felt like chastising herself. No, this was perfectly reasonable. She’d had dinner with two leaders of a ruthless organization. There was no reason for her to trust their moral judgment. And yet, she did. She’d been inebriated in their presence, and even now she felt absurd for considering the idea that either had taken advantage of that situation. Why? Why was she so sure? Why wasn’t she more worried about this? She crawled out of bed, barely managing consciousness as she dragged her way towards the refresher and hoped to find oblivion in the scorching hot shower waiting for her. Instead, she found another memory. Finn. Finn was waking up today! She was going to get to talk to Finn! Finally! She whooped in the shower, suddenly surging with renewed energy. There was something to look forward to. By the time she’d made it down to the medical quarters that held Finn, she was practically running. She skidded when she saw the slim back of General Hux waiting by the door for her, briefly recalling the way she’d slammed into him the last time she was running down this hall. She slowed, careful not to commit to a repeat performance. “General!” She called out, wincing at the sound of her own voice. By the look on his face, he was similarly affected; and yet, he looked better than he had the day before. She guessed that meant he’d actually slept a full night, for once. She took credit for that, and her smile was a little manic with pride. “Is he awake?” She asked, breathless from running. He shook his head, and opened the door, holding it for her to enter. “Not yet.” He informed her. “I wanted to wait until you’ve arrived. It’s safer if yours is the first face he sees, wouldn’t you agree?” Rey’s heart swelled with such grateful emotion, that she almost considered hugging the man on purpose. Hux must have been the smartest man she’d ever met, because he was always one step ahead of things. She merely nodded, shifting from one foot to another nervously. “I’m here now.” She moved to Finn’s gurney, sliding carefully until she was seated on the edge, beside him. She reached out, and took his hand in hers. It was so cold, so limp. She rubbed both of her hands against it nervously. “He’s going to be so angry with me.” She admitted, unable to wipe the smile off of her face. “He’s going to try and convince you that your plans to remain are foolish.” Hux amended, taking a step towards them, and stopping with hesitance afterward. “Furthermore, I suspect he won’t feel comfortable accepting our assistance with his extraction.” Her expression darkened, the excitement draining from it. When she looked up at Hux, she could see that he was caught between wanting to move closer, to say something more, and the better choice of keeping boundaries clear. This moment was for her and Finn, and he was trying to respect that. She trusted him, she mused, quite suddenly. What a strange, unexpected thought. “I’ll convince him.” She promised, giving the General a hopeful smile. “I’ll try.” He met her eyes for a moment, and his lips pursed tightly with frustration. There was a long pause, before he snapped his head in a sharp nod, and turned to wave two fingers at the medical technician. The movement of the technician was enough to distract her, and her excitement returned to get her bouncing, waiting for the shot that would wake Finn up. When it was done, she looked back to where Hux had been standing, and furrowed her brow when she realized he was gone. The hand still caught between hers twitched, and she sucked her breath in through her teeth, turning to give Finn her full attention. He took his time coming to, and she couldn’t blame him; he’d been lying there for days. Everything was going to hurt at first. His eyes fluttered open, and she leaned in, just to be sure that the first thing he saw was her face. She was grinning like a fool, her head bobbing just slightly, and she mouthed out the word ’hi’ . It shouldn’t have surprised her, knowing Finn, that his first words were going to be unfounded worry over her. “You all right?” His voice sounded hoarse and scratchy; he hadn’t used it in too long. Rey’s expression twisted with wry amusement, and she rolled her eyes. “Of course. Yeah. Worry about yourself. You’re the one who’s been out for days. Can you move?” He tried, and she leaned down to try and help him sit up, which probably wasn’t a good idea. She couldn’t help herself; she wanted him to push, to be himself again as quickly as possible. She wanted him to be safe and whole and untouched. To be Finn again. With her help, he managed to get up with a groan, and she tilted her head to look at his bare back. “Everything healed up really well!” She told him. “There’s a scar, but it’s really faint. Besides, scars are good. They make you look tough.” Finn cleared the sleep out of his throat, and his face stretched into an affectionate smile. “Yeah? Do I look tough?” He lifted his hand to his head, and groaned. “I don’t feel tough.” She tilted her head back and laughed, patting his shoulder in comfort. “Toughest guy I know.” Finn would have pulled her into his arms sooner, if his arms could work properly. She knew that from the moment she saw him get up, and tilt in her direction. When he finally worked up the strength to do it, therefore, she wasn’t the least bit surprised. She laughed as his weak arms finally flung themselves around her, pulling her with their weight alone until she was squashed against his bare chest. She shifted to find some balance, and wrapped her arms around him with a firm grip. He groaned, and she immediately relented - he looked healed, but she couldn’t see anything on the inside. Still, Hux had promised.. “Does anything still hurt?” She asked him, trying to tilt her head up to look at him. She couldn’t see his face - he’d dropped his head to rest on her shoulder - but she could feel him shaking his head, silently letting her know that he was fine. She smiled, and tried to pull away, but he’d been telling the truth. He was fine. He kept her in his embrace, until she started laughing and smacking his arms to free her. “Where are we?” He hadn’t freed her yet, but his question made her freeze in his arms. He must have had a chance to look around, and for all she knew this entire facility looked a bit too familiar. She pulled away from him, and sat up to meet his eyes. Just as she’d expected, he was staring suspiciously at the technician still in the room, who was thankfully wearing nondescript scrubs over what she could only assume was a First Order uniform. It was as if Finn could see the allegiance etched in that man’s tired face. “It’s a very long story. Promise me you’ll listen to the whole thing before freaking out.” Rey tried to pick up his hands again, as if that could stop him from what was already happening. “I’m already freaking out, Rey.” He warned her, his voice lowering with a tremble. His dark eyes focused hard on hers, and her heart leapt with fear. He looked like he wanted to run. “Tell me.” She took a deep breath, and hoped for the best as it all came rushing out in a whirlwind of words. “Okay. So. I beat up Kylo Ren after he hurt you, but I didn’t kill him, and when the First Order picked him up they took us too. They saved your life - you were dying, Finn, really and truly dying - and they’ve been very kind to me so far and I know that sounds impossible but I can assure you I know exactly what I’m doing so don’t you worry. I’ve already managed to convince them to let you go safely and - Finn, Finn no .” As expected, Finn was hurling himself off of the gurney, trying to put pressure on his legs and get them to work properly. He’d all but pushed her off of him to do it, and she could hear the technician already preparing a sedative in case he tried to run. She glared daggers at the man before hopping off of the gurney and trying to push Finn back onto it. “You stubborn idiot, will you just listen? There’s nowhere for you to run. You have to trust me. Why can’t you just trust me?” Finn stopped trying to stand, choosing instead to use what little energy he had to grab Rey in his arms and hold her in front of him. His eyes were wild, and she could see a lifetime of fear built up behind them. It was going to take so much more than trust to get Finn to see things the way she did. “Are you crazy ?” He whispered. “For real, Rey. This is no joke. We need to get out of here, right now, or we’re both dead. Okay?” She ripped her arms away from him, and folded them firmly in front of her. His jaw dropped when she glared at him stubbornly, and answered him with a vicious note of defiance to her voice. “I’m not going anywhere. ” She’d silenced him. He kept opening and closing his mouth, unable to find the words for what he had to say, and she felt a pang of regret for being so sharp with him. He didn’t deserve this; not now, after just waking up. She reached out her hand to press against his arm, and he pulled away, stinging her with his rejection. She should have seen this coming. “Are you going to listen to me talk, or should I just leave now?” She barked at him, her hands folding back up in front of her. Out of sheer spite, she almost wanted him to tell her to leave - but deep down, she knew she had to explain everything to him before he was gone. Deep down, she wanted to spend as much time with him as she was being afforded. For all she knew, it was the last time someone would show her true, honest affection. She’d gone her entire life without it - just to have it all thrust at her so suddenly. Finn’s open heart, Leia’s comfort, BB-8’s loyalty. She wouldn’t regret knowing what real affection was like, even if she’d only been given a brief respite from her loneliness before purposefully shoving herself back into it’s dark, waiting embrace. She climbed back onto the gurney, and reached out to grab his hands. He didn’t flinch, but she wouldn’t have stopped if he had. This time, she needed to hold them; whether he liked it, or not. “You’ve seen what this war has done to people. Countless lives, planets, everything just gone. And not just on one side, either - Finn, if you hadn’t left the First Order, you could have been on Starkiller when it blew up. You might be dead. So many of those men and women are dead. Do you think the Resistance has the power to stop this? Because from where I’m standing, neither side does. Not if all they’re going to do is keep throwing bigger stones at one another in the hopes that one day it’ll be big enough to crush them all.” His hands finally tightened around her hold, pulling her closer. “That’s exactly why we gotta leave. Rey, the Resistance needs us. We have to find a way out of here.” She looked down at his hands. They were so strong, calloused and rough from a life spent learning how to be a soldier. Finn knew nothing else but that. He’d been trained to fight; and in his heart, the only answer left was to fight for what he thought was the right side. But she didn’t want to fight at all. She wanted the fighting to stop. She pulled his hands up to press against her stomach, and searched desperately for the right words to help him accept how different their lives had to be. “I’ve already found your way out of here. In fact, I’m the reason you have one. I’ve got a ship taking you to neutral territory in a few days. It’s safe. I promise you. I can’t explain how I know, but I do.” His hands pulled away, sliding out of her hold and dropping to his sides. When he spoke again, his voice was flat with disappointment. “My way out.” He repeated, his eyes narrowing. “Not our way.” She nodded, her expression dimming with guilt. “I’ve got a chance to stop this war from the inside. I’m going to take it, Finn. This is how I choose to fight.” “With them. ” He practically spat out the words in disgust. She frowned, her head shaking with disagreement. “I’m not with them. I’m not joining the First Order. I’m going to try to be a bridge between them and the Resistance. Don’t you understand how important that is?” “Sounds a hell of a lot like you’re joining the First Order to me.” Rey strangled out a scream of frustration, and lifted one hand to pinch the skin of his arm so hard, it made him jerk and whine with dismay. “I will never join any side of a war. You need to learn how to trust me better. I haven’t made a bad decision yet.” He lifted his finger, some of the sarcasm in his voice relieving her tense anxiety. “Rathtars.” She pinched him again, and he growled a demand as he batted her hands away. ”Stop it!” He whined, flailing wildly. But soon enough his flailing turned to arms wrapping around her again, and suddenly she was crushed against his bare chest in another hug. This time, the feel of it - maybe not acceptance, maybe not understanding, but something deeper, more meaningful - made her eyes rim with tears. It was a goodbye, and her arms flung around him, refusing to say goodbye so soon. They still had time. She was crying. Hux could see it glistening around the closed edges of her eyes, even from the distance the monitor feed afforded him. FN-2187 had hugged her multiple times at this point, and this time the boy had her in tears, with an expression that could even manage to tug at Hux’s long since cut heartstrings. His eyes narrowed, slit thin as he watched the exchange too carefully to just be monitoring for safety. It was all going about as dangerously as he’d expected it to. In fact, if FN-2187 had actually tried to flee, this all could have been easier. But it was difficult to walk away from her. Nearly impossible. The boy knew it. Hux registered it all in the way FN-2187’s arms tensed and tightened, refusing to let her go. And she cried, as if she was mourning a loss. Her expression twisted with a regret that might as well have been a blaster wound, it was so effective at causing pain. He shut off the monitor, and pressed his fingers thoughtfully to his lips. Affection. Friendship. She must have thought she was giving all of these things up with FN-2187, sending him back to the Resistance without her. She was offering herself up to her ideals as a noble sacrifice, but these would be the days where she would be reminded most of what she was losing for her choice. Hux hummed quietly against his fingertips, and then rose from the monitor station, surging off with purpose to return to his duties in earnest. There was much still left to do, before the real work began. Notes: What is love? Baby don't hurt me. Don't hurt me. No more. (Guys, I really do adore all the sweet comments you guys have left, please never stop, they give me life. I LOVE YOU GUYSSSS) (KURESOTO GO CATCH UP ON CODEGA.) Chapter 14 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Trying to get any sort of privacy in the medical bay was next to impossible. Rey had taken Finn out of there as soon as he could walk, and a pair of Stormtroopers who’d been stationed outside of the door immediately protested and began to follow them down the hall. Despite the temptation to simply coerce them into staying, Rey waited until they received official confirmation that she, alone, was allowed to let him tour the facility. After all, where was he going to run? Of course, as soon as they were free from prying eyes, Finn began to strategize how to run. In the end, their conversation had peppered back and forth between her showing him around, and him trying to convince her that they could sneak down an air shaft together and find the docking bay, steal a ship, and leave. It wasn’t the most productive conversation; and by the time they’d reached Rey’s quarters, she felt exhausted. She’d snapped at him, once or twice. By now, he’d gone quiet, so she just let him inside, and shut the door. “And that’s it. The whole place. I could show you where I walk when I need to get out of here, but we’d need to get you some warm clothes and - ugh. ” She’d finally had it with the scowl and pout on his features, and reached out to smush both of her hands against his face until she couldn’t see it anymore. “Please stop that. Please. ” He reached up, pulled her hands off of his face, and kept them in his own hold. “What did you expect from me? That I’m just going to go belly up and let you stay here with them while I leave? Is that it? You think I’m that kind of guy? Because I gotta tell you Rey, that’s not who I am.” She looked down at her hands, which had disappeared into his, and heard her own voice telling him to stop it in an echo of the past. Now, she said nothing. She wouldn’t have the chance to let him hold her hands for much longer. “You don’t get a choice in this.” She told him, keeping her voice as soft as possible to downplay the blow of her determination. “This is what I want to do. You can’t tell me otherwise. Besides, it’s not forever. If I can change things from here, there won’t even be a need for a Resistance. And then - “ His hands tightened, and she felt a surge of anger in that pressure. “And then what, Rey? We all come join the First Order with you? Is that where you think this is heading? I put on that Stormtrooper outfit again? Poe flies for the Order? Leia in one of their uniforms? Is that what you want for all of us?” She tugged, hard, pulling her hands away. “I don’t want anything but safety for everyone.” She uttered, her voice turning sharp with her own righteous anger. “I’m not the one who’s trying to tell you how to live your life. Now stop trying to tell me how to live mine!” She wondered if it had been a mistake, waking him up so early. She’d been so sure that this was the right thing to do, but she was just hurting him with every word, and hurting herself in the process. But she’d wanted to hear his voice, so very badly. His voice, but not these words. She could tell he’d seen something dangerous in the way she pulled away, because his hands were held up in defeat as he crept closer. “Hey, okay. No telling you how to live. I got it. That’s not what I’m trying to do. Let’s just think things through, okay? No big deal. Come here.” His hands were outstretched now, and she wondered just how wild and unstable she must have looked for him to act like that. She sighed out her frustration, and walked towards him, pointedly ignoring his hands. Instead, she walked past him, and sat down on her bed. Suddenly, she wished she had a sitting room like Hux. Damn him for taking the nicest room for himself. Finn dropped down on the bed beside her, so hard it made her bounce. He leaned his head on her shoulder and looked up at her with the most ridiculous, over-dramatic remorse he could muster, and she snorted at it, shoving her hand against his face. “Get off.” Still, he knew how to break the tension; even if it was only for a little while. “All right. We’re gonna talk about this. You tell me what the plan is, and I’m gonna listen.” His eyebrows rose, before continuing. “Got that? Because then I get to talk. And you listen.” He made it sound so easy. She knew better. “You first. What’s the plan, Rey?” Immediately, her hesitation turned to frustration. She didn’t feel the need to explain her plan to him, as though he was her keeper. And what if she didn’t have every detail figured out already? Would he try to talk her out of it just because she was taking things one step at a time? Probably. Just to get his way. “Not that I need to explain myself to you,” She reminded him sharply, despite the sting of hurt that flickered across his face. “But my plan is to get you safely back where you want to be, and then learn everything I can about the First Order. Once I feel like I understand their mission objectives, I can try to find a reasonable bridge between their goals and the freedom the Resistance is so desperately fighting for. They’re going to let me do that, Finn. Can you even imagine? I don’t know why I’ve been given this chance, but you have to see - if I don’t try, I’ll never forgive myself.” For one glorious moment, Finn actually looked like he wasn’t completely sure of his opinion. She thought that perhaps she’d gotten through to him, and it thrilled her to the core. Then, the expression turned dark, and she cringed away from it. Whatever had gone through his mind in that moment was killing any hope she had of making him understand. “They.” He grumbled. “Who’s they again?” She took in a sharp breath. This was going to be the hard part. “General Hux.” The easier of the two came first, and her eyes flickered away for a moment, unable to look at him when she said it. “And begrudgingly, Kylo Ren.” ”I want to yell at you so bad right now, but the look on your face is telling me that you already know how dumb that sounds.” She loathed the judgement in his voice, and her eyes returned to his, narrowing. The only experience he’d had with Kylo Ren had discolored any chance of salvation. And a week ago, Rey would have been right there with him. She wondered if she still was. “Kylo Ren is a murderer. I will never, ever forget what he’s done. That doesn’t change the fact that he is the power behind the First Order, and he’s willing to let me try to end this war without any more death. If anything, he’s why I have to be here. Why this is the side I’m needed on. This is where I can stop him, Finn. Where I can stop all of them from this destructive path they’re on.” The dull pain of her hangover throbbed at her temples, as her words reminded her of a moment from the night before. It was hazy, hard to catch. She couldn’t see much; the First Order insignia, pressed against her face, until it was gone, and Hux’s arm wrapped itself around her. Don’t ever think about doing anything like that again, or else I’ll kill you. You too, Kylo. I’m here now. No more of this. I’m here now. Even as drunk as she was, she realized she’d meant every word. “Rey?” Finn’s voice snapped her out of her reverie, and she blinked, coming back to his attention. He was staring at her curiously, with a look so unreadable and foreign it startled her. She lifted her eyebrows and lowered her head, in a gesture of confusion. “What?” Too sharp, she told herself. She’d sliced through whatever that look was, and Finn was back to being frustrated and unsure. “It shouldn’t have to be you.” He muttered, the pout on his lips too thick for her to take seriously. “Why’s it gotta be you saving the world all the time? Let someone else do it for a while. General Organa could come do this bridge thing you’re talking about. She’s his mother, for crying out loud. What’s he going to do, kill her too?” Rey lifted one eyebrow, refusing to answer an obvious question. “Yeah, well,” Finn quickly continued. “Better her than you.” “FINN!” Rey cried out, slapping his shoulder hard. He yelped and held his arm, but when she waited for him to retract his words, she was left in silence. Heavy, uncomfortable silence. “The Resistance would crumble without General Organa’s lead.” Rey reminded him, unable to believe that she even had to explain it. “But I’m no one. It has to be me.” Finn snapped his head to look up at her, his expression colored with something she couldn’t read. It might have been anger, if his voice wasn’t so tender when he spoke. “You’re not no one to me.” She knew that choosing to stay with the First Order was a decision that was going to be tested, and made more difficult, with Finn’s awakening. But with those earnest words, he made it nearly impossible. “That’s very selfish of you, Finn.” She told him, through a grin that grew with each word, betraying how she actually felt. “You can’t ask me to come back to the Resistance and abandon all of this just because you’d miss having me around.” He looked - scared. That was the word. That was what she was missing - what she’d never really seen, she supposed. He looked terrified. Of what? Of losing her? Of having to face everyone without her? Of being alone? She could understand the last one. “Can’t I?” He whispered, his tone wiping the smile off of her face. Realization dawned on her until she was the scared one, because it had taken her this long to realize he’d been leaning in close, and trying to find the nerve to do something. He’d found it. Finn’s lips were full, and soft, and made her feel like her own lips were lost in them - just like the way she felt when he wrapped her up in one of his big, affectionate hugs. It was the gentlest thing she’d ever felt, and she tried to emulate the purse of his lips, awkwardly unable to move them very much other than that. All in all, she thought her first kiss was very warm, and sweet, and she knew she was doing it all wrong - but then she realized he was probably just as insecure about it, and felt a little bit of relief for that. Then, she felt a sudden rising flare of anger, growing first from her chest and blossoming through her entire body. It felt distant, and she knew instantly that it wasn’t hers - but she did feel her own anger surface when she guessed why she was suddenly experiencing the onset of another person’s rage. She used every ounce of her training to shut Kylo out of her mind with a hard and forceful snap of her block. Her brutal blocking had probably hurt him. Good. She didn’t know how long kisses were supposed to last, so she lingered, testing her feelings on the matter until Finn pulled away on his own. When he did, his skin was darker than usual around the cheeks, glowing with embarrassment. She bit her lip, and felt a very awkward conversation coming on. “Um.” He breathed out, and just the sound of his voice made her giggle. It broke his concentration, and his face twisted as he punched her lightly on the shoulder. “Don’t laugh. That’s terrible. I just kissed you, and you’re laughing.” By the time he was done talking, he was laughing, too. “I’m sorry.” She whispered, reaching up to rest her hand on the back of his head while her forehead pressed against his. “I’ve just never done anything like that before. Sorry.” She couldn’t help but repeat the word; she knew she was sorry for more than just laughing. By the look in his eyes, he knew, too. “Come back with me, Rey.” He breathed out, reaching out to press one hand against her cheek. Her smile faded, and she tried to find the words to explain why that couldn’t happen. In the end, she decided that he deserved better than some vague, over-arching excuse. Finn was the closest friend she’d ever had in her entire life. And she was hurting him, she knew it now. “I can’t.” She sighed, forcing her eyes to stay on his. “But even if I could, Finn. I don’t think-” His hand left her cheek, and pressed itself fully against her lips. He stopped her from finishing her sentence, but the way his expression crumbled told her she didn’t need to finish. He knew. “Well I think you’re making a huge mistake.” He was trying to keep some biting wit in that voice of his, but she could feel the hurt behind his facade. “I don’t know if you’ve heard but, I’m kind of a big deal.” “I will hit you.” His expression turned immediately overly apologetic. “Please don’t. You hit really hard. I’ve still got bruises.” This time, her laughter felt like a long awaited relief, and she dragged him back into a hug. She was wrong; waking him up had been the right thing to do, after all. They’d needed this. The both of them. Her life was about to get extremely difficult. So she decided, then and there, that she would make her next few days memorable enough to keep her sane through it all. Kylo Ren had been pacing a path through the cold floor of Hux’s office, back and forth across the room. Hux had been surprised to see him so soon after last night, but when he’d stormed into the room screaming the words HE’S KISSED HER with his hands up in the air, Hux rubbed his temples to soothe the throbbing pain and gave his holopad a tired stare. “Captain, please excuse me for a moment. Some wild beast has gotten loose in my office. I’ll hail you when it’s been dealt with.” He saw no reaction from Phasma, with a helmet easily hiding her amusement, but he knew the woman well enough to know she was fighting off a smile. “As you wish, General.” There it was, that lilt of amusement in an otherwise professional voice. One side of his lips turned up knowingly, and he nodded at the holographic image of her before shutting it down. Then, and only then, did he turn to the pacing man in front of him, and folded his hands under his neck. He’s kissed her, Kylo had said. The lift of Hux’s lips dipped back down into a frown. “We’ll ignore how unprofessional that display was, for the time being, to focus on the important matter at hand.” He hissed out in annoyance. “He’s kissed her. Can I assume you’re speaking of our two guests, or is this the newest twist in your favorite novella?” He would have expected a biting retort at his insinuation. Instead, Ren kept pacing, and that just made Hux more nervous. “What were you thinking ?” Ren finally stopped, moving to stand in front of the desk. He leaned in, pressing his palms flat on the durasteel finish, and bared his teeth in open rage. Hux faced the boiling temper of a monster with a tremendously collected demeanor; he’d even managed to look a little bored at the display Ren was putting on for him. “When?” “WHEN YOU SET HIM FREE.” Even as a non-Force-sensitive, Hux could feel the power blowing forward against him, like a hot blast of wind that stemmed directly from Ren’s leaning body. It was the first time he’d seen the man this enraged - but he knew it was not the first time Ren had exhibited it. Mitaka had been slotted for two days leave for having to deal with a similar situation, not so long ago. “I’ve already explained my intentions to you with enough detail. If you don’t understand why that move was important, then you’ve got a shit memory. I’ll blame it on the brandy.” He blamed everything on the brandy, at this point. “If you’re so sure about your little game, then why aren’t you doing something about this. ” Ren continued to seethe, unable to control himself. “ Do something?” Even Hux couldn’t keep his temper in check this long - not with this much fury bearing down on him, burning him until he could feel it scorching his bones. “What do you propose I do, exactly? Ground her? ” He’d gotten up out of his chair, now. He couldn’t exactly recall when he’d done so. “You’re the one who claims to know what he’s doing.” Ren spat back out at him. “If you ignore this, you know what’s going to happen. He’s going to convince her to return with him. All your best laid plans are about to go up in smoke, General. We’re going to lose her. ” Hux knew that the outburst had been directed towards FN-2187’s unique ability to change Rey’s mind and leave the base. What he didn’t know, however, was why Ren’s voice hitched at those last words; and why they hurt more than frightened him. Because it really was that simple, he thought. Ren was right; all his carefully set pieces could fall with the snap of FN-2187’s fingers, because he had what neither of them did not. Her compassion. He sat back down hard on his chair, and rubbed his thumbnail thoughtfully against his lip. What tools did he have at his disposal to try and fight against a power as overwhelming as that? He couldn’t use Ren - not with that temper of his, and definitely not now. He’d just scare the girl away on his own. He was at a loss. Possibly for the first - no, second time in his life. He wasn’t sure he had it in him to try and re-embark in a new direction all over again. “Give me time to think.” He demanded, his eyes trained on the desk as his mind began to work. He flickered his eyes up to the man when Ren began to pace again. “How did you know they - nevermind that. What more do you know? What was the outcome?” Ren stopped pacing, staring angrily at the wall in front of him. His hands pulled back, held behind him. “I don’t know.” He grumbled, extremely put out. “She blocked me off.” Hux felt his stomach unpleasantly flop. The last thing he wanted to do was show Ren that there were cameras in every room, but Hux’s priorities were shifting at an alarming rate. His fingers flew against his holopad, calling up the security feed to Rey’s quarters. Immediately, he realized there was no one there. He let out a sigh of relief. It was short lived. The knock at his door had him startled enough to throw his holopad up an inch in the air, and he scrambled to try and catch it again. He shut it off just in time for the door to open, revealing not one, but both of the people they’d just been talking about. His heart was stuttering painfully in his chest - this was a just a tad too much excitement for him. “Rey. Please come in.” Ren had moved behind the door, where they couldn’t see him yet - and Hux was vaguely disturbed by how well Rey had blocked him off. Ren hadn’t even realized they were coming. She was a little too good at that. “Sorry for interrupting, General. I had a favor I wanted to ask you, if that’s okay? We were going to go for a walk, but Finn needs to be fitted with a coat first. I didn’t know if I should just go down there and..” Her voice faded, and Hux watched with helpless amusement as she felt the presence behind the door she was holding. She led Finn inside of the room, and closed the door - facing Ren fully as she did so. “I’m mad at you.” Hux bit away a smile at the coarse manner Rey started a conversation. “Mad at me? Why?” And of course, Ren’s voice was already getting too loud, too angry. They were going to get heated before they’d even gotten to the point. “I’ll send the approval down for his clothing, Rey.” Hux piped up, quick to defuse the moment. He tapped at his screen, glancing up from it once it was done to settle on Finn with a chilly gaze. “Our system still has his measurements. They’ll be ready by the time you get down there.” Finn was looking anywhere but Hux. That was reassuring, for some reason. “You’re letting them outside.” Ren’s low, dangerous voice rumbled out. Hux wanted to get up and slap the man, but he knew that would serve no purpose other than his own satisfaction. Rey whirled around at the comment, but Hux was too quick even for her. “Of course I am. I trust Rey. Observe. Rey, promise me you won’t run off and abandon us without at least saying goodbye first.” He stood up, and held out his hand towards her, palm extended upwards. Now, Finn was looking at him. In fact, both men had their eyes on Hux at the moment, and he felt a confident surge of defiance for it. But it was only when Rey walked away from her spot between Ren and Finn, to stand in front of his desk and take his hand, that he knew he actually felt any measure of comfort concerning the situation at all. She was smiling at him. He took her hand, turned it knuckles upward, and waited. “I promise.” She chuckled out, and he lifted her knuckles to press against his lips. As much as he wished to let that triumphant moment linger, a new tension was building behind her that took his attention away. He dropped her hand, and nudged his chin towards it - Ren and Finn had locked eyes, and from the looks of things they were suddenly being reminded of the last time they’d met. One wrong step, and Hux was sure he would hear the hum of a lightsaber. Rey picked up on it easily. She swiveled to take Finn out of there, stopping in front of Ren just long enough to point a finger up at him. “Don’t be so nosy.” She commanded, her bravado impressive and reckless at the same time. She waited a moment too long, her eyebrows arching for emphasis, and to Hux’s surprise she’d actually managed to force Ren to look away. It was moments like those, watching Ren cave to her strength, that gave Hux just a little more hope for what was to come. Then she reached out, and patted Ren’s shoulder, and Hux dropped his jaw. Before anyone could comment (although Hux could have sworn he heard Finn breathing out a shocked what the f.. ) Rey pulled Finn out of the room by the elbow, making her way down to the quartermaster’s office. Ren pushed the door closed with one hand, and glared at it for a moment too long, before finally turning back to Hux. When he saw the expression on Hux’s face, Ren frowned. “What?” Hux sat back in his chair, smugness radiating from every part of him. “And you were worried.” Oblivious to what Hux was referring to, Ren surged forward, and that uncomfortable anger returned. “Aren’t you? Now you’re letting them out to go on walks together, so he can convince her in private that the First Order is irredeemable and the only way to bring peace is to fight us. You’re signing our death warrants with your flippant behavior and your petty little attempts to flirt. I’ve had ENOUGH of your incompetence. The traitor should have been killed long ago. If you don’t have the stomach to do it, I will.” “Hm.” Hux took several seconds to watch Ren work himself up into a frenzy. He considered what he’d learned about the man, and what he was learning from his interactions with Rey. He tapped his fingernails against his desk, once, twice, three times. And then he rose, silent and brooding, to walk around his desk. “This was a long time coming.” Hux murmured, more to himself than anything. When he reached Ren, he stood up straight, meeting eye to eye with the man who was still hunched over with impassioned fury. He collected himself, digging deep for whatever well of strength he had stored up within him, and then he began. His hands were on Ren, slamming down against each shoulder and pushing hard enough to stumble the man backwards until he slammed into a wall. Hux pinned him down there, his cold eyes shining with ruthlessness. “I’ve had enough of your ranting. Your raving. Your lunacy. If I have to fucking listen to you screaming in my face one more time, I will take that lightsaber of yours and slice it RIGHT across your throat. ENOUGH, REN. CONTROL YOURSELF. ” It was working, in a sense. Ren had gone silent, but Hux could still see that rage simmering behind widened eyes, waiting to surge up one more time. It wouldn’t be that easy, he thought. Nothing worthwhile ever was. He grabbed Ren by the arm, flipped him until his face was pressed against the wall, and twisted his arm up behind his back. He could feel every one of Ren’s overworked muscles straining against his hold. He had to be strong enough to buck him off at any time. Hux’s hold was effectively pinching the correct stress points, but deep down, he knew Ren’s compliance was mainly due to shock. He brought his face up beside the one pressing against the wall, and hissed very sternly in his ear. “You will not kill the traitor. You will not antagonize them while he’s here. You will find control. Or I will find it for you. ” Ren shuddered underneath his hold, but otherwise remained silent. “Say it.” “No.” Ren clipped out. Hux pulled the arm up higher, forcing a groan of pain out from Ren’s throat. He repeated the demand, hissing it out through clenched teeth. ”Say it.” He should be dead right now, he distantly thought. Ren should have thrown himself off and snapped his neck. But he was learning something new every day. “I won’t kill him.” The words sounded like they cut as sharp as glass against Ren’s throat. “And?” “Or antagonize them.” Hux could hear Ren’s patience snapping. Any minute now, this little charade would end. ”And?” That moment came, as Hux was thrown quite suddenly across the room without ever being touched. His head slammed against the wall, blacking out his vision for a good second. He slid down to the ground, his hand reaching up to feel behind him. There was no blood. The light of the room blotted out around him. Ren’s body cast him in darkness, as he hovered over the fallen General. Ren knelt down, leaning in like some predatory animal preparing to feast on it’s captured prey. “And if you ever dare touch me like that again, I will kill you.” Ren whispered, his eyes flashing a vibrant gold before they flickered back to brown. Hux had gone too far with his little experiment, but overall it had been a success. And perhaps, as he thoughtlessly leaned in and matched Ren’s glare with one of his own, he accepted that he’d pushed too far because he’d liked it just a little too much. “I seem to get a lot of death threats lately.” Hux whispered up at him, his lips pursed in a smirk. “But if I have to go, that sounds like the better choice.” To his credit, Ren didn’t even flinch. If Hux wasn’t clever enough to catch the way the man had just swallowed, he would have no reason to think his words had any effect. Ren was swirling away, thudding against the ground in his typical dramatic gait as he stormed out of the room in a huff. Yes, Hux mused to himself, as he lifted both hands and ran them through his mussed hair. He was learning something new every day. Notes: This chapter is dedicated to Finn who deserves everything in life, including closure. SORRY THIS WAS ALMOST A DAY LATE, it was done last night but I didn't feel confident about it so I wanted to give it fresh eyes before finally giving up and throwing it to the wind. Anyway hope you enjoy, my beautiful reylux fam, even though I gave Finn her first kiss x) Sorry Hux, you can't have -all- of the firsts. Chapter 15 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “It’s real cramped in here, you know?” Finn pointed out, still only halfway into the nook Rey’d once found for herself on her first trip out. She was curled up comfortably all the way inside of it, but he could only manage to get his upper half in, constantly ducking to try and keep his head from hitting the low ceiling. He looked all sorts of uncomfortable, and Rey tried very hard not to laugh. “Just give me a moment.” She called out, wrapping the tiny bag around the plant that had already begun to flourish again in her absence. She was taking a small cutting this time, in the hopes that she could keep a little something of her time on this planet even after they’d all left. Finn was reaching out for the plant with his gloved hands, and Rey had to slap him away. “Don’t touch it. It’s poisonous. You touch it, and then scratch an itch on your face, and you’ll be dead in minutes.” The piece was plucked off cleanly, even as Finn pulled his hand away in disgust. “If it’s so dangerous, why are you trying to take a piece of - hoooo. Rey. Rey. Is this what I think it is?” She lifted her gaze to look at him, carefully reading the sudden excitement in his wide grin and big brown eyes. She searched for an explanation in that thrilled expression of his. “You’re gonna poison them. Right? Is that why you’re staying?” “Finn.” His name escaped her in a sigh that transformed with the exhale of her breath, and by the end of it she was growling and practically screeching into the air. “Will you stop it already? I’m not trying to kill them! I am going to work with them. I thought by now you’d have figured that out. I don’t want to spend these last few days together arguing over that.” She sealed the bag shut, and pushed on his head to shoo him out of the nook. He shimmied backwards, until he was free of the cramped space. “Look. I’m sorry. Okay? This is just really hard for me to process. And I still don’t like it - I don’t like the idea of leaving you with them. I know, I know - “ His hands lifted into the air when she climbed out of the alcove with a sharp inhale, preparing to fight. “It’s not my call. I heard you the first fifty times. That doesn’t mean I have to like it.” Rey swallowed the sharp words that had already started to bubble out of her, and nodded her head swiftly. “Agreed. Come on, it’s getting colder, we should head back.” She turned, and a blast of cold air blew into her face, kissing her skin with the mix of frigid air and tiny speckles of moisture. She realized, a little belatedly, that it was snowing. She’d only been in the snow once before. It was not a pleasant memory. “Huh.” She could hear Finn behind her, reaching up and holding his hands out into the air. “It’s kind of pretty when you aren’t fighting someone to the death in it.” She elbowed him in the stomach, smiling at the sound of him groaning with distress. The slide down the mountain was faster - and more dangerous - than usual. She could feel the slickness under her boots, refusing to let her stand. So they shimmied down the whole way, eventually sliding to the bottom in an abrupt, painful thump against their rears. Finn was scowling, but Rey laughed up into the white sky, as it opened up for them and flung flurries of snowflakes down in sheets. “This is much worse than on Starkiller!” Rey called out over the howl of the winds, as she trudged forward towards what she only guessed was the base due to where they’d come from. She couldn’t see it anymore in the storm. She heard Finn calling out behind her, but she couldn’t understand what he was saying. Everything was too loud, the sound of whipping air whistling right against her ears. She turned around to try and wait for him, but when she looked behind her, she realized that she couldn’t see him anymore, either. She screamed out his name, and it was snatched up by the wind before even she could hear it. Oh, no. It was even more difficult to walk against the wind, but Finn had to be somewhere in this direction. She couldn’t see her mountainside anymore, or the ridge that she used to keep herself from getting lost. She cupped her hands and screamed Finn’s name, over and over, until her voice cracked in a sob. “Finn, please.” She shuddered out, wrapping her arms up around herself. She’d lost him in this storm. If she could just find him, she’d take them back to her alcove and wait it out there. But there was no sign of him - no sign of her alcove - no sign of the base. She’d lost herself, as well. In a vain, desperate move, she closed her eyes and pinched her expression with concentration. He was the only living thing nearby, she told herself. She could find him, if she just concentrated hard enough. She’d never done it before - the only presence she’d ever managed to feel was Kylo’s, and she knew that wasn’t necessarily her power that managed that. But she could do this, she told herself. She pushed, as hard as she could, and tried to feel out around her for any flickers of life. She couldn’t feel her lips anymore. Her teeth were chattering, and her steps had slowed, each of them just a little harder than the next. She felt something, and turned her head towards the sudden warmth that sprang up from the Force, but it wasn’t Finn. She knew it the moment she’d felt it. It wasn’t Finn, but it was something. Her eyes rolled, fluttering closed when Kylo’s large arms wrapped around her, pulling her up off of her feet and pressing her hard against his thickly covered chest. “Finn.” She whispered into his coat, but he was already moving, heading somewhere she couldn’t see. If he left Finn out there in the cold, she would never forgive him. He had to know that. He just had to. One of his arms left her, grabbing for something. She heard the startled sound of Finn screaming for him to get off, and she shuddered a long sigh of relief out against him. Her body unclenched itself, curling up into a tight ball as he carried her against him in one arm, and dragged Finn out of the storm with another. Finn’s outburst had quieted down. She heard the soft hiss of the base door opening, and suddenly they were out of the cold. Warm air rushed against her cheeks, until they burned red and hot. She pulled her gloves off one by one, dropping them somewhere unseen against her, and pressed her cold fingers against her over-heated, oversensitive cheeks. It felt so good. “Is she all right?” Finn whispered, but all she knew of a response was the soft shift of the man still holding her, as he continued to carry her through the halls. “I’m fine, Finn.” She sighed out, turning her head and waving one exposed hand at him. “Still cold. But fine. We were only out there for a few minutes, but it got rough so fast. I’ve never been out there in a storm, though. Are you okay?” “Yeah. I officially hate snow though.” She giggled, even as she turned back into the warmth emanating from the thick coat of the man who still held her. “I’d be willing to give it one more shot.” “Please don’t.” It was the first thing he’d said since he’d found her, and Rey finally looked up at Kylo when she heard it. He’d rescued her, but she’d gone out of her way to ignore whose arms were keeping her safe, and whose Force capabilities had just found her in a storm. She hated him a little, for being able to do it so easily when she’d failed spectacularly on her first try. He flickered a glance down at her when she thought that, and she could have sworn the gentlest smile was fighting to lift the corner of his lips. Bastard. “Thank you.” She whispered up at him, still grateful even if she was fighting off the urge to be angry at him. His eyes met hers a second time, and she saw something so soft in them, so human , it scared her. “You’re welcome.” “I guess we’re even, now.” Finn grumbled out, breaking the quiet hush of their voices with his own. “You tried to kill me once, you saved me once, let’s just leave it at that.” Rey knew that was as good of a thanks as Kylo was ever going to get from him. By the look on Kylo’s face, he knew as well. This was as good as it was going to get. Only a handful of hours had passed before Rey became restless. The moment she knew she couldn’t go outside was the moment she craved it more than anything. She was wrapped in a warm blanket, sipping a steaming cup of caf, and staring out of the glass exit doors with a look of utter longing; the storm had stopped, though there was no way to know for how long. And the world, one she still didn’t know the name of, was covered in a thick and gentle blanket of white. Eddies and hills of it swept up and down across the expanse, hiding all of the white rocks below it. She was still cold from getting caught in the storm hours ago, but that didn’t stop her from wanting another crack at it. Finn was trying his best not to look outside, but she knew his furtive glances were betraying his interest. They should have probably hated the snow by now, with what they’d been through. They should be treating that thick white fluff as something to be avoided, or at the very least ignored. Finn looked up at her, and when his bright eyes matched hers in its sense of mischief, she knew they were both thinking the same thing. Snowfights. She almost spilled the remainder of her tea as she tore back towards her room to go bundle herself back up in all those layers she’d peeled off before, and heard Finn’s stumbling bootfalls thundering behind her. She wondered if he’d ever imagined he’d be racing someone through the halls of a First Order base, bubbling with laughter and light-hearted emotion. No, probably not. “What was your childhood like?” She asked him out of the blue once they’d gotten inside of her room and begun to dress in a hurry. She was zipping up her thick jacket when she’d asked, and she pulled her gloves out of its pocket. He stilled, his arm half-slung through the coat he was sliding on over Poe’s ruined jacket. She felt a stab of guilt for asking such a personal question so abruptly, and once her gloves were on she moved up to grab his coat and pull it all the way through his arm for him. “You don’t have to answer that.” She assured him as she zipped his coat up to the neck. “I don’t mean to pry.” But she did. She meant to pry very much, because Finn was her best friend, and she only had days left with him. Her hands patted the closed zipper, and stayed there, as she kept her eyes focused on it. “Nah, it’s all right.” He managed, his voice a low grumble of defeat. “I just don’t remember it. I know they took me when I was real little, so I was raised by the First Order. That’s all I know. I don’t even remember what the first few years were like. Reconditioning messes with your head a lot. Jumbles up your memories until you’re not really sure what’s real and what’s fake.” “Reconditioning?” Rey parroted back innocently, her curiosity coloring the question. What she received, instead of an immediate answer, was an unfamiliar steely glare boring into her from the man she thought she knew. For a second, she saw the soldier within, trained from near birth just to be able to kill without remorse and obey every command. She saw him there, resurfacing for the first time since he’d left the First Order. “Ask your two new friends about it the next time you get all chummy with them.” Finn whispered, his voice flavored thick with spite. He left her, walking out of the room with hurried stomps, and she swiveled around to watch him go. Pushing him on the subject would only upset him further. She shouldn’t have brought up childhood at all; but she’d wanted to know, so badly. “I will.” She promised him, calling out to his back. She followed behind him, bumping her shoulder against him once she’d caught up. “Hey.” She whispered, moving to his side. “I’m sorry. Okay?” He looked sullen and dejected, but it was a far cry from that anger she’d seen in him before, and she thought it a vast improvement. After all, sad was an emotion she could work with. She would throw enough snow on him to trick him into forgetting she’d ever asked anything so personal. He nodded, and his shoulders already started to rise when he lifted his head to the exit doors and stopped. Rey continued walking until she followed his gaze, and stiffened as she came to a halt a few steps away from Kylo Ren. He was still in his winter coat, and Rey stifled down the first betraying thought she would immediately regret. It was unfair that anyone, let alone someone as cruel as Kylo Ren, could somehow manage to fill out the winter coats in a way that still looked aesthetically pleasing. Whenever she looked at herself all bundled up in the coat, she just knew she looked like an apple lodged on a stick. “Please,” The word still sounded so foreign to Rey whenever Kylo said it - as if it physically hurt him to be so polite. “Tell me this isn’t what it looks like.” Rey felt every single one of her hackles rise at his words, even when she wasn’t sure exactly what he was referring to. She moved closer, standing up on her tiptoes just to feel taller, and stood her ground. “And just what do you think this looks like?” She asked him, her voice audibly shaking with impending rage. He must have heard it, because what came next was the most outrageously cautious attempt at diplomacy Rey had ever heard from him, and it would send a shiver of cold all the way through her to listen to every word. “I am here,” He whispered, his eyes glaring angrily at his own gloved fingertips. “To request. That the two of you. Not go back outside into the snow again. There’s no guarantee the storm won’t return, and it’s not safe.” Rey dropped off of her tiptoes, and leaned back on her heels. She had no idea if Finn, or even Kylo himself, understood how momentous the words were. This was not a command. She still didn’t believe that his intentions were entirely pure, but she’d never seen Kylo try so hard before, and it had done its intended job. It shut down her anger - no, it shut her down, almost completely. She was speechless. “We’re not going far.” Finn piped up, less affected by Kylo’s attempt than Rey was. “Just outside the doors. Even if the storm did come back, we can just hop back inside.” He tugged on Rey’s sleeve, tilting her off balance, but she was still staring open mouthed up at Kylo when she stumbled from the pull. It snapped her out of her reverie, and she shook her head before nodding. “No. Yeah. Finn’s telling the truth. We’re just going to go play.” Finally, Kylo looked up at her. His expression was far more familiar this time - utter, loathsome disgust. There he was. ”Play?” He growled out sarcastically. With a sigh of relief, she felt their relationship fall quickly back into place. This was more familiar. This, she could handle. She moved past him to exit the doors with Finn, and shrugged noncommittally. “Yes. Play. Have fun. Enjoy ourselves. You should try it sometime.” “If he ever pulls that bug out of his ass.” Finn grumbled low under his breath, confident the man couldn’t hear him. He could. “I do not-” Kylo started to argue, but they’d already left the doors, which were slowly closing in front of him. His fists opened and closed, clenching in pulses of anger, before he slid through the narrowing gap, and trudging in full stomp out into the snow. Rey never would have guessed he’d actually follow them. She already felt like the day had become surreal, from the moment she’d curled up in his arms. Every part of her had reacted to the heat, demanding she put away her opinions just long enough to feel it permeate to her bones. When he finally put her down and left her with Finn, she felt warm, and safe, and cared for. Trying to resolve that those were feelings caused by a murderer had taken her a long time, and several cups of caf. She still hadn’t shaken the dread from it all, but seeing him try so hard at the doorway had just managed to trigger the tense, strange apprehension all over again. And then he was there, a stark swath of black cutting jagged lines against the soft hills of white behind him, and she didn’t know if she had it in her to play in the snow after all. Not with that damn enigma of a man watching her, arms folded in tight composure, like some kind of - “We don’t need a babysitter.” Finn called out, finishing her thought for her. She breathed out, trying to shake off the anxiety in order to bend down into the snow. It was three feet thick, and as soon as she’d knelt into it, almost everything around her disappeared. It was so quiet. Every sound felt muted and muffled. She heard Finn crunching around nearby but nothing about it sounded real, as if only half of every sound was reaching her. She grinned, and rose her hands up at either side. With the ease of a trustfall, Rey fell backwards into the soft snow, and it padded her fall until she was completely surrounded by it. It felt so good, so gentle, and yet so all-consuming, like the soft brush of a hug from a ghost. The sky was grey and thick above her, until it was blocked out by Kylo’s face, bending forward awkwardly to stare down at her upside down. He looked so out of place there, surrounded by so much light. His hair fell in waves around his features, all of which were twisted with doubt. It wasn’t so much the fact that he didn’t want to enjoy himself, Rey realized. She read it in his expression - it was the honest truth that he couldn’t. He just. Couldn’t. She frowned up at him, but from his position, it probably looked like a smile. “Aren’t you going to tell me I’m going to freeze to death down here?” She asked him, waiting for him to do more than just stare at her. “Actually, you’re safer in the snow. It’s insulating you. In fact.” And suddenly, everything was gone. “WHAT ARE YOU DOING?” She heard Finn screaming out from far away - or maybe he was closer, and the snow that now covered her entire body had just muffled sound too well for her to hear. He must have been closer, because his hands were digging through the soft cascades of snowbank that Kylo had buried her in. He found her laughing when she was exposed, her eyelashes kissed with snowflakes and her nose burning red from the cold. She was sure of it now. None of this was real, anymore. Finn helped her up, and as soon as she was sitting she grabbed him by the arms and flung him down into the snow. She heard the beginnings of his protest, when her arms lifted and collapsed, sending a sheet of snow to bury him fully. She looked up at Kylo, beaming with uncontrollable joy, and caught him clutching at his chest with pain. He wasn’t looking at them anymore - and that surreal moment of fun that she knew she had to be imagining was over as quickly as it had begun. “What’s wrong?” She asked him, while Finn rose up from the snow and shook it all off. Kylo straightened, his hands falling back to his sides. He looked at her for one moment, pain flickering through his gaze, before it all bled away into the darkness she’d become familiar with by now. He shook his head, pinching his face with dismissive anger. “Nothing.” Kylo hissed out, waving her attentions away. “Are you both done wasting time yet?” He winced at the sneer on her face, but continued nonetheless. “You skipped lessons this morning. We should go make up for it now.” She wanted to tell him exactly where he could shove his lessons, now that she’d gotten what she wanted. She wanted to pick up a pile of snow and throw it at him, until he was soaked and covered in white. She wanted to bury him in the snow just like she had Finn, only deeper and permanently. She felt normal again. And then that feeling shattered, because she knew she was grateful to him for it. As if he angered her only to ease her pain. Which he didn’t. “Finn.” She muttered, turning back to wipe the snow out of his hair. “We’ll come back later. Kylo’s right. I’ve got to go learn how to be stronger. Who knows when I’ll need it .” It was as much a threat as it was an agreement. She stood up out of the snow, dusted herself off, and trudged forward with big, difficult steps. Even as she walked past Kylo, her eyes never left his, until she was all the way past him. He was hiding something from her. Something that scared him. She felt the urge to discover the truth rising up in her like a gnawing hunger. Now, she wanted to know more than anything what that was - in case it came in handy, one day. And not because she couldn’t stop shivering when she thought of the flare of suffering that had crossed his eyes. Kylo waited for Finn to follow Rey inside, before heading through himself. He was surprised, therefore, to find neither of them had moved farther past the door - until he saw what had stopped them in their tracks. “Absolutely not .” Hux demanded, pointing at the lot of them. “Stomp until those shoes are clean, and leave them by the door. Rey, Finn, leave your coats as well. You are not treading water all over these halls, just so someone can slip and break their back.” He fiddled with his holopad as he grumbled under his breath. “I’ve got enough paperwork to handle without you three adding to it.” It had returned to being a surreal dream, Rey mused to herself, as she listened with awe to the sound of the three of them - Kylo Ren included - stomping like luggabeasts at General Hux’s command until their boots were no longer covered in snow. It took her a while before she noticed there was something new in her room. She’d undressed, taken a hot shower, and managed to find a new set of clothing before she’d even walked through her bedroom fully. By the time she was picking up wet clothes off of the floor, something glinted with a reflection and finally caught her eye. She’d left the cutting of her plant there, safe in it’s sealed package. It was still there, which relieved her considering what was beside it. It was a flat pot, small and filled with synthetic fertilizer, and covered with a glass dome. She was glad that whoever had left it there for her hadn’t thought to touch the plant - she’d have a lot more explaining to do. When she picked the tiny pot up, she saw a note underneath written in impeccable handwriting. The flourish alone clued her in to where the thoughtful gift had come from. She was not surprised. Dear Rey, I see you’ve picked up another stray. Please accept this helpful home for it, with my regards. General Hux A lazy smile wormed its way across her expression, as she picked up the pot and opened it up. But then, a disturbing thought sped through her mind, and she narrowed her eyes when she realized Hux had just come into her room without permission to leave this for her. She was going to have to talk to him about that. Right after she took care of her new plant, she decided, letting the quiet satisfaction of his generosity sink back into her as she dug a hole in the fertilizer and carefully tipped the plastic bag over to drop the cutting into the ground. Notes: Do you ever just accidentally past the chapter into the chapter summary and then get yelled at for having too long of a chapter summary. It's pretty hilarious. ANYWAY in case you were wondering, yes, that little stray is in fact the plant in this picture by my friend rejam: Rey and her plant by http://rejamart.tumblr.com/ Hope you enjoy this chappie, I love you all and all your sweet touching glorious comments fuel me more than caffeine ever could. Chapter 16 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Every day, Rey returned to train with Kylo at the crack of dawn. She made an effort to get it out of the way as early as possible, which just gave Finn a chance to sleep in while she worked. They’d started physical training the day after the snowfall, if only because Kylo had come to the conclusion that Rey’s restless behavior was dangerous, and tiring her out was in everyone’s best interests. If she found fault in his choices, she never spoke up about it. If anything, fighting brought out an energy in her that was infectious, and she flourished easily at her lessons. But when it came time to practice fighting with a lightsaber, she’d only fought him once before that energy shut off like a burst lightbulb. The spar lasted all of four minutes, then she switched the saber off and adamantly refused to continue. He could sense the waves of debilitating trauma coming off of her, gripping her with a terror she wasn’t used to. It wasn’t hard to decipher why facing him, of all people, with the familiar hum and hiss of his lightsaber bearing down on her, would trigger memories she still hadn’t come to terms with. From then on, he made sure their fights were always hands on, without weaponry; and he focused on training her to use the Force itself as a weapon, instead. And every day without fail, she’d stop what she was doing the exact moment the clock on the wall blinked 9 at them, and left without a goodbye. It didn’t matter if they were in the middle of a fight, or if she was lifting weights. Everything stopped; including her tolerance of his presence. It was irritating, to say the least; and it bothered him with increasing measure each day that brought them closer to his departure. The day before both Finn and Kylo were scheduled to leave, Rey’s training had focused on physical combat techniques. She didn’t need much in the way of a lesson, when it came to these - she had him on the ground just as many times as he’d knocked her down. He’d gained the upper hand just in time for their training to end, sweeping her feet out from under her and pinning her down on the mat as the clock chimed with the hour. Pinning was the only advantage Kylo ever had with her. Once his weight was on her, she wasn’t strong enough to push him off. If looks could kill, however, she’d have done the Resistance a great service with the one she was giving him. “Get off.” She demanded, through clenched teeth and hissed breath. His hands held her by the wrists, but otherwise it was his weight that really kept her from throwing him off, even as he stared at the clock. “Not yet.” She stopped fighting, just long enough to follow his gaze and look at where it led. The sight of the time only enraged her further, but she couldn’t quite understand why that was the reason he was holding her down by force. She still struggled, albeit weaker, now, and stared up at his distracted face in frustration. “Kylo.” “Not yet .” He repeated, his eyes never leaving the clock. She screeched up at him, her flails turning vicious and violent, but no matter how many bruises her kicks left on his body, he seemed adamant about keeping her exactly where she was until - “There.” He rose up off of her instantly, and she scrambled away, but a moment later she was lunging for him, her fists burying themselves into his well protected stomach. “What was that about?” She yelled, punching his shoulder when he refused to react to her attack. It was all muscle there, and by the throb of her knuckles it probably hurt her more than him. “It’s 9:01.” There was a smugness to his voice - a victory she didn’t quite understand. He picked up his jacket, and slung it over his shoulders as he walked away. “SO?” She stuttered out, suddenly anxious over that one single minute he’d stolen. “So.” He parrotted sarcastically, emphasizing the word in a long, dragged out syllable. But once he began to explain, his voice grew sharp in harsh, frantic frustration. “You run off like you’d explode if you had to stay one single minute longer than we’re scheduled for. You run off to him every day, no matter what we’re in the middle of. It’s - it’s - “ He threw his hands up in the air, his jacket falling back behind him. “It’s insulting. ” He admitted, turning to pick up the fallen jacket. “You might as well not come at all, if that’s how you feel about it.” When he straightened up again, he paused to catch the look on her face, and flinched. “Why do you care?” She asked him, her eyes turned narrow with suspicion. “You’re not exactly my biggest fan. I’d expect you’d be running out that door if I wasn’t.” Her eyes followed him everywhere he turned, and it only made him more anxious to try and get away from that gaze. She was prying; he could feel the attempt slowly worming its way into his mind, and he carefully shut her out. “The fact that I am here at all proves your tart little assumption wrong.” He’d moved to sit on one of the exercise machines in the rehabilitation gym they’d been fighting in, and reached both flesh and metal hands up to pull on the handle bars holding weights. His prosthetic had taken hold fully by now, and from the amount of overwhelming weight he was pulling with its help, it was clear that he’d become all the stronger for it. “I offered to train you. I set aside my time to pass on what I know. Tell me, exactly, why someone would willingly do such a thing for a person they hate?” She scrambled for a reason - because simple acceptance was just too easy. “Because Hux told you to.” She huffed out. Her expression crinkled; even she could hear how lame the excuse was. He stopped pulling on the handlebar for a moment and stared up at her in earnest. “Was Hux whispering in my ear that day on Starkiller? Or are you conveniently forgetting that I offered to show you the way to the Force, only to have my face and arm sliced through as reward for the offer?” The bitterness in his voice was tangible, cutting through the air between them like a sharp knife. Reminding her of that day was a mistake. She stumbled back, her eyes searching wildly for something stable to look at, before turning to walk away. “Rey.” She didn’t want to hear his voice calling her name anymore. She didn’t want to think of the person she’d fought that day in the snow, and somehow coalesce him with the man who’d saved her from the storm of a different planet, and buried her playfully in its own snow. These were two very different pieces of a puzzle, and they did not fit together no matter how hard she tried. But she knew there was something she was missing. Some piece to fit between, to connect the dots in ways she wouldn’t be able to understand without it. She turned back around, her brow furrowed with urgency, and took slow steps to return to him. “Why were you hurting in the snow?” She asked, her voice carefully quiet. “Our snow. Out here, when we were playing. You looked like something was punching you in the gut.” If her goal had been to clam up Kylo’s attempts at reaching out to her, she’d succeeded. His back went ramrod straight, and he reached up to grab the handlebars again, pulling them down hard until they hit his shoulders. “Go back to Finn.” He growled, his eyes flashing a warning. These were steps he was not willing to let her tread. “I need to know what was wrong with you. Was it Snoke? Was he hurting you as punishment for enjoying yourself?” Without a beat lost, Kylo took the convenience of that excuse, using it like a shield. “Yes.” He lied. “Now get out of here.” Rey wanted to believe she’d found some mystical secret, but she could sense that she hadn’t. That wasn’t the key to why she felt as though he was two different people, one of whom she despised with every cell of her body, and one of whom she could have been all right with, if he just tried. “Liar.” Rey moved closer, crouching down on her haunches in front of him and putting her hands on his knees. “I’m not asking you because you need me to. I’m asking because I need to understand you. Maybe if I wasn’t staying, this would be easier. I wouldn’t have to try and resolve this ridiculous conflict between who you were and who you are here. But I am staying. So you’re going to tell me why you were hurting that day, because I need this.” The weights dropped behind him with a clatter, and he leaned in, his breathing harsh and uneven. “And what makes you think I’m going to do anything just because you need it? I may not dislike you, but that doesn’t mean I’m going out of my way to give you everything you want.” He was right - and that selfishness felt comforting, like a familiar friend. She grimaced, before her face turned up in a smug, sarcastic smile. “You know I can take whatever I want.” Kylo’s eyes narrowed, and he reached down to push his hand against her forehead, tilting it away. “And you know how well that worked out for me.” He reminded her, his voice lightening with a gentleness that both scared, and emboldened her. She was getting somewhere. She could feel it. “But I’m so much better than you.” She reminded, her head nodding sagely as if she’d just stated a fact. It made Kylo groan and roll his eyes, before leaning back against the plastic chair of the weight machine. “Fine,” She muttered. “So maybe I can’t get it from you by force. But you could just tell me, save us all this time and frustration.” He continued pulling on the weight handlebars, ignoring her flawlessly. “Or I could sit here and make faces at you while you work out.” She grumbled, sticking her tongue out and pressing her fingers against her nose. She would have made good on that threat, if she didn’t catch the way his lips turned upwards for just a moment, betraying his interest. This was getting her nowhere. “ Why won’t you just tell me?” She demanded, punching his knee with one fist. “Because it won’t matter soon.” He wasn’t admitting his problem, but he was giving her more clues than before. She perked, intent, as he continued. “And it will never happen again. So there’s no point in talking about it.” She just knew he was giving her so much more in those scant vague words than he wanted to admit; she just had to be smart enough to figure it out. He felt something. But he wouldn’t anymore - and it wouldn’t matter soon. “What happens soon?” She whispered, already knowing the answer. Kylo’s arms dropped, and rested on his legs. He leaned in, facing her fully, and his expression terrified her with its acquiescence. “My final training.” He answered her, every one of his words thick and heavy. His eyes glittered with a desperation she’d only seen once before. “Is he going to hurt you?” It wasn’t the question she’d meant to ask. It didn’t help her figure him out one bit. And when he was honest with his reply, she wished she’d never asked. “Yes.” She winced, pulling away from the intensity of his expression. “Then you shouldn’t go.” She stared down at the edge of the chair, deeply disturbed. “Since when do you care if I’m hurt or not?” He sounded like he’d wanted to ask the question with a lot more bite and sarcasm than he had. It was too soft, too genuine. And it insulted her. She was able to look up at him again, refusing to react when she realized how much closer he’d gotten. “Despite what you might think of me, I’m actually a good person. I’m not in the habit of wishing pain on anyone, even murderers.” She waited, rather impatiently, for some kind of scathing retort. Instead, his gaze roamed freely across her features, and his eyes tightened around their edges as he took her in. She turned her eyes down, letting her mind work while she still had his complacency. “Are you going to teach me what you learn from him when you return?” She asked, lifting her gaze in sudden, fearful curiosity. “No.” She felt the answer more than heard it. It vibrated, intense and panicky, through the bond buried deep within her. “Why?” His eyes blinked as he took in a long, heady breath. He sighed it out through his nose, and dared to let the silence linger a moment longer. When he spoke, his voice was a lullaby meant to keep her up at night. “Is that what you want, Rey?” He whispered, leaning in closer. “Do you want me to teach you how to find the Dark side of the Force within you? How to use it? How to transcend all those restrictive, pitiful limits this world has always tried to bound you to?” He sounded like he wanted to consume her, licking his lips as if he’d tasted blood in his offer. She pulled away, finally standing back up and removing herself from his threatening presence. “No.” She admitted, refusing to acknowledge the smirk that kissed his lips at her answer. “I guess not.” He was not surprised. When she turned to leave this time, he knew it was in both of their best interests to simply let her go. And he did, all the way until she found the door and opened it. The sound of her final footsteps turned his blood cold, and it wrenched out a sudden outburst from him that had been slowly crushing down on his lungs the entire time he watched her go. “Rey.” His voice broke against her name. She stopped again, and he wondered if she would always stop, when he called. “You know that things will be different, when I return.” Kylo felt the compulsion to warn her; that was the crush against his lungs. She turned, confusion flickering across her face for a moment before she found her own understanding. Whatever Snoke was going to do to him, would eliminate the man who’d buried her in the snow. The man who pinned her down just to keep her for one minute longer. The man that she couldn’t resolve with the monster. She nodded in understanding, though her eyes prickled and gleamed. But the nod was all he needed. He let her leave, sighing out a long breath of relief. It wouldn’t have to be this way, for long. The freighter was small and dingy and looked like it had seen several battles, but that only meant it wasn’t a First Order issued vehicle, which worked out in Finn’s favor. Since he had nothing to take with him, it was just a matter of boarding the ship and leaving after saying goodbye. He’d been escorted to the launch bay by all three of them, and still wondered why. He only wanted to say goodbye to Rey - but there they both were, hovering like bodyguards, refusing to meet anyone’s eye. This was not the kind of situation Finn felt comfortable leaving Rey in. They both acted too chummy, too possessive, too - weird. He didn’t know how else to put it. They arrived at the freighter, and the crew called for him to board. He turned to look at Rey, his eyes begging her one last time to come with him. She was already crying, but when she shook her head, he knew the answer was still no. So he hugged her, his arms wrapping around her so tightly they pulled her up off of her feet and clung her to him. She screamed and laughed through her tears, and nuzzled her face all the way into his neck, leaving his skin streaked with wetness that he was loathe to wipe away. “I’ll contact you as soon as I’m on the Finalizer.” She promised into his cheek, before pulling away and turning teary eyes up at Hux for confirmation. “Right?” He nodded firmly, with a tight smile. “Without question. Finn has been given the frequency number. He need only keep the transmission open and wait.” Hux was trying too hard to be polite. There was a tightness around his eyes, and his hands were balled up tight behind him, where they couldn’t see. Even his smile looked fake, and impatient. Kylo’s eyes flickered to the side for one single moment, landing on him before they turned away. Pulling away from her embrace, Finn tried to believe that he wouldn’t be waiting in vain. His suspicious gaze landed on Hux first, and then settled with a much darker tone on Kylo’s stiff form. “I’ll give General Organa all your regards.” Finn spat out, clearly aiming it more at Kylo than the rest of them. It was a last ditch attempt to make Kylo lash out, proving his instability. He could see the flare of indignation burning in the man’s eyes when Finn mentioned his mother, but got no such explosion out of it. Instead, he got a sickeningly pleasant voice, sharpened with well timed wit. “Please do. I’m sure the General will be pleased to hear her husband’s murderer sends his best regards.” Now it was Finn who lashed out, surging forward to attack the man that simply stood there. Rey stopped Finn where he was, clamping down on him to keep him from flailing any further and starting a fight she was sure Kylo would finish. “STOP it. Both of you!” She screamed out, tugging Finn away from the two of them and backing up towards the ship. “Finn, just go. You’re both idiots and this isn’t how I wanted to say goodbye to you, so just go.” The guilt of Rey’s words sunk deep into him, and Finn stopped fighting when they’d reached the plank. He frowned, muttering out a soft apology, and wrapped her up one last time in his arms. Before he let go, he whispered into her ear, forcing her to promise that if they ever hurt her, or even if she ever just wanted to come home, all she had to do was let him know, and he’d come for her. Every time. She promised, but she’d never doubted that for a second. It was like a tether, holding her strength and keeping her from running onto that ship with him. She knew - she truly believed - that if she ever needed him, Finn would be there. He let her go, and boarded the ship, slumping his shoulders with hesitance all the way inside. When the plank rose and left her alone on that platform, she stepped back a few paces for safety, and felt the bump of Hux’s arm against her back. He’d come to give her support, and she had no idea how badly she’d needed that, until she was listening to Finn’s ship take off in front of her, and her heart was plunging into her stomach. “General.” She whispered, her voice shivering helplessly. He leaned in, bringing his ear closer to her face to listen, and she turned to whisper out in a shudder. “I’m scared.” She wanted Finn back. He’d been gone all of one minute and already she wanted to throw herself into his arms and be hugged with such ferocity that she could forget just how terrifying her choices truly were. He’d been her last tether to a different path, and she could feel him ripping further away from her with every second, leaving her alone in a strange new world. But she wasn’t alone. She thought she was, until she felt the strangeness of General Hux’s arm wrapping around her shoulder and pulling her into his half-embrace. It was as if he’d read her mind and saw what she was so scared of losing, then offered it to her despite how unrealistic of an expectation that was. He was hugging her - not the way Finn would hug her, tough and strong and warm like a bear - but in his own quiet, formal, hesitant way. It was the attempt, and not the effort, that made all the difference in the world. She watched the small freighter disappear into the white sky, and let her tears flow freely as the ache welled up within her. She was comforted, but far more importantly, she was coming to grips with the strange idea that she wasn’t completely alone in all of this. Not really. This was just a different choice, surrounded by different people. That was all. A heat pressed up against her other shoulder, and she tilted her head just slightly up, to look at him. A murderer, a monster, but not exactly any of those things, when he stood against her side and watched the ship take off with her. He would be the monster again, after Snoke was done with him. But she wondered if he knew that; if he knew that these were the last days of whoever still struggled to maintain some semblance of humanity, inside of his rough, blood soaked shell. Perhaps that was why he stood beside her in that moment, taking advantage of what little time he had left. Rey put her arm underneath his elbow, and pulled the appendage up against her, holding it in a vice grip as she turned back to the grey and white sky. Today was an exception to all the days ahead of them. And if that was really the case, then she would take advantage, too. Notes: And thus ends Rachel's hopes for Reyluxstorm. :D Next update will be tuesday because I have a friend coming over for a visit tomorrow so I'm giving myself the day off! WOOO. THANK YOU GUYS FOR ALL YOUR AMAZING COMMENTS I LOVE COMMENTS I EAT THEM UP WITH FAVA BEANS AND A NICE CHIANTI Chapter 17 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) This isn’t the training, he reminds himself. These are just tests. Tests to see if he’s still worthy. To see if he’s grown soft. And he has. He’s failing, but still he hacks through them, one by one, as if each death has a chance of re-opening the wounds inside of him that dared close when he’d gotten complacent. There’s still a chance, with pain, with death, with descent. He’ll press on until he finds it. His hands were already stained. More red won’t make any difference, now. Hux froze in anticipation of the swell of the music he was listening to, rising up in tone and volume until his eyes fluttered when he felt it vibrating in his bones. He paused in the near unstoppable typing he’d been performing as it caught him, lifting him past the exhaustive feel of his work into a higher plane of existence. Every instrument rose up in high strung notes, a crescendo that felt never-ending until the music itself was lost to the sound of it all crying out in dissonant rhythms, higher and higher and higher still, leaving him breathless with its rise. Finally, it all stopped on a percussive note, every instrument shocked still as though a thousand voices had suddenly been silenced. The knock on his door was timid, but timely. Hux caught its soft tap in the quiet left behind by the crescendo drop, and opened his eyes to stare at his door. Was it actually a knock, or had someone simply bumped against the door? He waited, in tense silence, until he heard it again. There was no one yet in the room to catch the way relief made his lips lift, just for a moment, when he heard that second, familiar knock. “Come in, Rey.” He called out, his eyes returning to the screen. He heard the door creaking, and then closing a moment later. Her footsteps were too light, never quite making more than a hushed whisper against the floor as she tiptoed over to where he worked, and sat down in the chair in front of his desk. He continued to act as if his work had his full attention, and she never tried to change that. They did not sit in silence. The music had turned gentle, a haunting melody of strings and flutes played from the speakers attached to the upper corners of the room. It was meant to be calming, as was the cigarette that sat burning in its ashtray, not too far from Hux’s computer. He continued to type, and she continued to wait until he was done. Little did she know that he would never truly be done, but he did so enjoy being allowed to choose when to stop for her. Finally, his fingers stilled, and he sent the file he was working on over to Phasma for a look. He pushed the keypad away, and let out an exhausted sigh. Turning in his chair to face Rey fully, he placed one hand under his chin, and the other reached for his cigarette. “You too, mm?” He whispered with a smirk, right before taking a long drag. She always seemed to appreciate his masterful perception. The smile that blossomed across her gentle features told him such, and the cigarette stayed between his lips just a little longer as he appreciated it. “I should have felt something by now. I think.” She told him, clearly indicating that he was right - she couldn’t stop worrying about the fate of Kylo Ren. Whatever happened to him - and whatever returned as a result - would affect them both. But she knew she was the only one whose life would be in immediate danger, should the monster come back before the man. “You assume he’s going to let you feel a thing while he’s down there.” Hux reminded her, chiding the assumption with a chuckle. “He’s miles deep inside of an ancient temple, likely committing shameful atrocities. Why would he want you to feel any of that? Now that he’s actually got you thinking just a bit better of him.” Hux’s eyes flickered to the screen; a message had returned already. He took his hand off of his chin and opened it, idly skipping through it without much attention. “You’ll be despising him all over again in minutes.” He could hear the shudder go through her, even if he wasn’t looking directly at her to see it. “You think he’s killing, down there?” Her voice had gone quiet, but there was no softness in its tone. He loved being reminded of how rough and uncut the girl was. So little scared her, and she was so easily angered. He liked to imagine her stomping down to the ruins of the ancient temple Ren had been sent to the day before, forcing her way through every unimaginable evil that awaited her just to take Ren by the ear and drag him forcefully out of it. Yes, he liked that very much. “I don’t know who, or what, is down there. Nor would I even go so far as to claim any of it is alive. What I do know is that the man who left the base yesterday did not want you to suffer. So if he is experiencing something capable of hurting you, be it pain or death - you can be sure he will block you from it.” His eyes returned to Rey as he spoke, lifting his cigarette to his lips and letting it dangle there as he watched his words sink in. He saw the anger bleed out of her, and a new worry set wrinkles in her brow. Pain. It was the more likely option, considering who Ren’s master was. The smoke released from his exhale came out in a violent shudder, and Rey watched it rise up into the air before it disappeared. Her eyes remained high, flickering to the speakers curiously. “What is that?” She asked, a nervous energy pervading the question. She didn’t want to think about Ren being in pain. She didn’t want to acknowledge that she cared . Hux’s lips twitched in the faintest, one sided smirk. “Music.” Her eyes fell back down to glare at him with a flutter of sarcasm. “I know that. What kind of music?” “This is Le Deuil Final de Alderaan . It’s an older piece, but - mm. You mean what genre, don’t you.” He tried not to smile at the glaze of her eyes, and the way his words had begun to fly over her head. “It’s called Classical Symphonic. Over a hundred different individuals are playing different musical instruments in order to create the sound you’re listening to, right now. An actual symphony is almost unheard of at this point, because all instruments can be digitally structured into a piece. But this is a live recording from a memorial. I prefer the real thing to a synthetic recreation, every time.” It took a trained ear to tell the difference, and he prided himself on having that particular distinction. She was quiet, her face pinched with determination as she tried to listen to the music. “I can’t hear them all,” She finally whispered, despite how hard she was trying. “Rey.” Hux’s voice called her attention back to him with it’s amused tenderness, and he shook his head softly. “You’re not supposed to try and hear each individual one. You’re just supposed to enjoy the sound they create as they melt and weave together. They’re telling a story. You can only hear it if you listen as a whole.” So she closed her eyes, let her head hit the back of the chair she was sitting in, and Hux watched the music transport her almost instantly into a world of peace, just as it always did with him. Only, when he watched her expression soften with that blissful tenderness, he felt a vivid and sharp loss of his own peace drop away. The music did no good for him now; and the cigarette in his fingers crumbled away, burned down to its filter from neglect. His eyes were free to roam her features, catching the twitch of her brow when an oboe hung on a long, soulful note. Her shoulders were relaxing, the tension flowing away from her tight muscles and slowly, dangerously edging up into his own. It was easy to ignore the why of this sudden spike of anxiety of his, when he focused on just how comfortable the music was making her. His console beeped with another message, and he ignored it. The crescendo was returning, and his eyes narrowed as her expressions changed. Her brow was furrowing, tightening up in distress. Her hands clenched the armrests, and her nails dug into them as the music swelled, carrying her upward somewhere that typically enthralled him. This time, as he watched it all disturb her, he reached for the volume control on his console and slowly turned it down until it was near inaudible. She opened her eyes, and he saw pain in them. He wondered if even the act of listening to music was more powerful for a Force user, or if it was just her, hearing the sounds of a story she didn’t even know yet, and responding to the tragedy it told. “What does the name mean?” She asked, pulling her arms around herself. “Is all classical music that painful?” He switched tracks immediately. “It’s the Last Mourning of Alderaan. And no, it’s not all like that. Do you know the story of Alderaan, by any chance?” A softer melody began, and he returned the volume to audible levels as he gestured for her to come closer. When she rose up to stand beside him, he patted the edge of his desk and she hopped up on it, careful not to knock anything of his over. “I know it’s a planet that’s gone. Blown up. That’s it, though.” It did not surprise him to hear that Rey had no idea just how important Alderaan was to the history of her friends in the Resistance, and he took a moment to drag out the silent consideration, before resting a hand on her knee and patting it for comfort. “Alderaan was a great loss in the early days of the war between the Empire and the Rebellion. A pointless one, in my opinion. It was General Leia’s home planet - and it was used as a ploy to try and coerce her into giving up the location of the Rebel base. It didn’t work, of course - and the Empire chose to blow it up in front of her. Why? I’ve yet to figure out their reasoning.” Hux hated the story of Alderaan. He hated how wasteful the Empire had been, under shoddy leadership and the hand of a half-mad Sith following the orders of a fully mad Emperor. General Leia had lied, of course, the day they tried to use Alderaan’s safety against her. If Hux had been in charge, he would have left Alderaan intact until they were certain her information was true; instead of blowing up their only card to use against her soft sensibilities. He remembered his father retelling the tale to him often as a lesson; a warning; a demand. He had to be more clever than that. Rey’s leg shifted, pulling away from the press of his hand. “You blew up planets.” She reminded him, suddenly stiff as a board. He met her eyes, observing carefully as thoughts wove in and out of her mind. She’d gotten too comfortable with him, and she looked as though she’d only just started to regret it. “I did.” He murmured, his voice low but not regretful. He reached out for his pack of cigarettes, pulled out a new one, and struck a match to light it. It was clear, by the pause he took to do such, that he wasn’t in a hurry to explain himself. But once the cigarette was lit, his answer came as fluid and easily as a well practiced speech. “I destroyed military targets that housed the military bases and fleets of warships waiting to launch a full scale war against us once we declared our intentions. I saved billions of lives, by destroying billions of them. All at once, instead of a slow trickle of death that a new galactic war would have surely brought down on all of us.” He held his cigarette in front of him, eyeing the burnt tip for a few long moments. “Unlike Alderaan, I had a reason .” With a sweep of her hand, Rey slapped the cigarette out of his fingers, and it flew across the room to land on the ground far from the desk. “That’s not good enough. ” She hissed out, her anger finally reaching its glorious crescendo. He lifted his eyes to watch her unfold, standing off of his desk and bearing down on him with clenched fists. She burned openly in front of him, and he felt every lick of her flame. “You’re right.” He acquiesced, his cool voice soothing her unfocused rage. “That’s why you’re here, isn’t it? To make sure that what we do from now on is good enough. You’ve given up everything because you see things from a different point of view. And I’m here to give you the chance to use that.” In the beat of a minute, he’d reminded her that he was not just the man who’d destroyed countless lives; he was also the man willing to save them, by taking her to his side. It would never make up for what he’d done; but Hux had never once claimed to desire forgiveness. Simply a chance to save the future from the same fate as the past. He waited for her, giving her the time she needed to let it all settle back in, and knew the choice of music was helping. Nothing calmed a temper like the soft, whimsical bubbling of a flute dancing across a melody like a brook. Only when he was certain she’d returned to her senses, did he reach out his hand for her, lifting it up just as a passionate rise of violins swelled in the background. She looked from him, to his hand, several times, before slipping her fingers cautiously against his palm. He curled his hand and pulled it closer, bringing the back of her hand to his lips just as he’d done before. And there she was, safe and sound in the palm of his hand once more. “Have you ever danced before, Rey?” He asked, his words breathy and warm against the skin of her still-held hand. “Sort of.” She sounded like herself again. He let her hand go, and she hopped back up onto the desk. “There were villages on the outskirts of Jakku. They’re sacred, and the people there had many ceremonies. There was music, and dancing, and food, so much food.” Her eyes turned distant, as she lost herself to memories. Hux bent in, pressing his now free hand against his chin as he tilted his head up to listen. “I never went in one. I don’t trust them - they sacrificed animals, so there’s every chance they might have just sacrificed a stray. I was young, but not stupid. So I’d watch them, from the crest of a sand dune, and I could smell the food from there. Meat on a spit, I can’t even imagine where they got it from. Like I said, maybe some stray scavenger.” She snorted and poked at her side. “Not that I would have been much of a meal. Still, I knew better than to go barging in on the sacred villages. So I watched. And when they danced, I danced.” The imagery she created for him was intense. A small, starving child, mimicking the tribal dance of a village from a distance. Dancing in the dark, waving stick-thin arms in the air, feeling the pulse of a pounding rhythm from even that far away and succumbing to the urge to move with the beat. Hux felt a pang of something so strong, so unnatural, it caught his breath and kept it until it passed. “I see.” His voice was unexpectedly gritty with emotion, and he cleared it the moment he heard it emerge. “Then you haven’t danced to this kind of music. It’s a different experience, albeit a little less exciting.” She shook her head no, and he patted her knee once more. He found promise in the fact that she didn’t pull away. “We’ll rectify that, one day. Some formal event, perhaps. You’ll have to dance there, and I’d be more than happy to teach you.” Something about his offer startled her, and she frowned deeply. It made him cock a single eyebrow, curious - and perhaps a little hurt. “Does the idea of dancing with me displease you that much? I can hire a tutor, if-” “What about now?” She shut down his attempts to salvage the situation, leaving him gaping in mid-sentence. “Now?” He questioned. “Now what?” “I don’t want to learn in front of a bunch of people!” She cried out, hopping off the desk in frustration. “Are you mad? That sounds absolutely horrid. Teach me now, where nobody can see me fail. Don’t make me learn something like that in front of others.” He felt the urge to rise out of his seat with such force, such intense insistence, that the significance of this reaction did not go unnoticed. So of course, he stayed exactly where he was, folded his hands, rose the side of his index fingers to his lips, and let out a string of silent curses in his mind as he willed himself a return of his control. Before she could question herself, he nodded. “A brilliant idea. Let me finish this last edit for the Captain first, if that’s all right.” She sat back down in the chair she’d originally been in, snuggled herself deep into its cushions with her legs folded up underneath her, and nodded almost too excitedly. The string of curses in Hux’s mind continued. He knew the best decision he could make at that moment was to throw himself back into his work. It grounded him, and returned to him that sense of purpose and fulfillment that led every single one of his actions. He turned back to the console, pulled the keypad out again, and opened up Phasma’s new message. To his dismay, it only indicated that his adjustments were all well done, and she had nothing further to add. Damn it. He began a whole new message, refusing the praise that she’d offered and informing her that he was going to go through the files all over again and find a better way around the issue. When he sent off the response, he opened up the case files of the Stormtroopers in question, and began a whole new assessment evaluation fresh from start. Phasma’s response was a curt, respectful ‘As you command’. In those three words, Hux could hear her question implied. ‘Why?’ He closed the messages and returned to the files anew, diving in with a desperation he did not possess before. It was a ruse, a pointless distraction, and he knew it. Hux did not run from his problems, or he had never done so, until now. No, he told himself, as he typed mindlessly. This was not a problem. This was just another solution. He’d made it a specific point to gain the trust and compassion of the girl in order to pacify her and earn her trust. He’d done exactly that. He’d accomplished what he’d set out to do. Whatever nonsensical emotions were cropping up within him as a result were inconsequential, and easily ignored. He stopped typing, and looked at what he’d written, before deleting it all and closing the file. “There.” He huffed out, reaching his arms behind him to stretch out his back. “All done. Shall we?” When he finally turned to look at her, he realized that he was catching her staring, and he responded with a careful, friendly smile. She blinked, and the blossom of insecurity pressed color against her cheeks, until her freckles were more pronounced behind the stain. He turned back to his console, and turned the volume up higher. In the reflection of the dark screen, he saw his own expression, and set his jaw with grim distaste. His freckles needed no further pronunciation - nor did he accept flushes born from foolish notions against his pale skin. No. He would allow none of that. “What’s this one called?” Rey asked, as the music filled the air with elegance. Hux was already beside her, one hand behind his back as the other reached out, palm upward, for her. She didn’t take it until she was already standing, stubborn as ever to assert her independence. “It’s a fairly unknown little piece called Sie Kommen . There’s no story behind this one. It’s purely music for pleasure.” He felt her grip on his hand tighten, and his brow furrowed for a moment, before letting it go. “Are you having second thoughts? I’m happy to extend my previous offer of a private tutor if it’s more to your liking. I will not be offended.” For a moment, she looked like she was considering it. If he hadn’t already willed himself not to care so much, he knew the ache in his bosom would have been more than just insult. But he brushed it off and waited, confident in his detachment. “No,” She finally answered, her response forcing an exhale that threatened to be a sigh out of him. “It’s not that.” Her hand squeezed his, and she shook her head. “It’s not that.” Almost immediately, his lips parted to ask her for clarification, but a voice like an alarm bell warned him in the back of his mind that he didn’t want to know. So he shut his mouth, nodded sternly, and reached for her other hand. It was the first, and hopefully the last time Hux would fail to task himself with knowing the answers to everything, but he was sure this exception was for the best. “Then let’s begin. In classical dance, there is a lead - me - who will guide their partner - you - through their steps. If you’re just out to enjoy yourself, and don’t care about etiquette, you’ll find the partner sometimes putting both arms around their lead’s shoulders. Not much other than swaying can be done with a hold like that. Instead, this is the formal method, the proper hold. Your hand rests here, on my waist, and, ah, mine-” The curses were back. This was an awful idea. Previously, he’d managed to hug her several times by this point without any repercussion, and yet all he’d done now was put her hand against his waist and he was stumbling on his words. A shameful display , he told himself. “My hand rests here, where it can guide you. Then on the other side, our hands remain clasped, and you will follow the movement of these arms to indicate how to sway. There are hundreds of thousands of different dance moves, so please forgive me for simply choosing one. It’s called a box step, because you will move in the shape of a box. Rather, I will move in the shape of a box and you will follow my lead, which means moving backwards at times. Is that clear?” She smiled up at him. “Nope.” It was exactly what he needed. In that one response was the power to relieve the tension he’d unnecessarily been building between them, and he tilted his head back as a quiet laugh escaped him freely. She had no idea what she was doing, and in a sense, neither did he. It was safer to take this step by step. “All right. When I move, you move. Look down at my feet.” He moved his foot forward, and her foot slid back, to keep from being hit. “Good. Good. That’s all there is to it. Just remember to step forward if I step back. You can watch our feet in the beginning if that helps, but I’ve always found it easier to fall into the flow when you’re not looking. So don’t get stuck.” “Your boots are so shiny.” “My boots are - what now?” He looked down to where she was staring, admiring the gleam of a well polished boot. He took a moment to be proud of it, before brushing it off as nonsense. “So they are. Shall we begin?” And several missteps, stubbed toes, and awkward laughs later, Rey was moving in time to the music, stepping in an awkward, but undeniable box step. She stopped watching her feet, finally turning up to him, and beaming with the sort of pride that could blind him if he looked too hard, or too long. His lips pursed in a tense smile, nodding his approval at her improvement. Her expression dimmed, turning flat and glassy eyed, before something within cracked at her joy and left her stiffening hard and immobile in his arms. He could see it all in her eyes, as they lost their focus and then their light. Her body went from stone to jelly, collapsing until all that kept her from falling was the quick reflex of his arms around her, catching her in an awkward hold that had him stumbling to his knees. ”Rey?” He called out to her, even as she bucked and bent forward, opening and closing her mouth with an inaudible scream. She was convulsing, but her hands were clutched at the side of her stomach, holding in an invisible wound. She lifted her head and looked down, pulling away a hand and staring at it shakily. “Blood.” She whispered, holding her shaking hand up to Hux. There was nothing there, as far as he could see. If her vision had blood against her hands, he knew it wasn’t her blood she was seeing. She came to the same conclusion. Her hand fell, and her expression twisted in a tortured mix of rage and anguish, before she buried her face in Hux’s chest and sobbed. Whatever had happened must have weakened Ren enough to keep him from shielding her out. She was still clutching her side, the same side that housed the nasty scar left behind from Chewbacca’s bowcaster wound, healed haphazardly with bacta strips and shoddy droid handiwork. Something must have broken through and wounded him anew. “Shhh.” Hux turned his attentions back to Rey, still sobbing against his chest. He pressed his hand against her head, running it up and down the length of her hair. “Use what he’s taught you. Put your walls up, Rey. I don’t want you to feel this. Neither does he.” “He could die.” She whispered, fiercer than anyone in her position should have had the strength for. “We’re not that lucky.” Hux promised her, eliciting a wretched sob that mixed with a laugh, regretted almost instantly. She reached up and smacked him with a fist against his chest. In the moments that followed, he thought she was taking her advice. He thought that perhaps she was building those walls up, giving her the peace she needed to stop hurting. When she spoke again, she shred his assumptions and left them tattered on the floor, along with his heart. “He’s alone down there. I can’t. I don’t want to - if he dies - I don’t want to leave him alone.” “You can’t mean to bear his pain just to keep him company.” Hux demanded, nearly outraged by the thought. She’d already stopped crying, but when he bent in to tuck his finger under her chin and pull her face back up to his, he could see that she meant exactly that, and no less. He sighed, rolling his eyes at the stubborn brat he held in his arms, and pulled her tighter against his chest. Just as she was too stubborn to let Ren suffer alone, so apparently was he too stubborn to let her suffer without him. This was a vicious cycle, he mused with discomfort. Where, exactly, had all of his plans gone so awry? The answer came almost as quickly as the question had gone. He knew. He knew the exact moment, in fact. His very first mistake. The moment he’d wrapped her cold body in his own warm greatcoat. The first time he’d dared to care about the little, scrappy scavenger that had cost him everything. He should have just found her a blanket. Notes: SO THAT HAPPENED. Everybody pour out a drink for Hux. r i p. Chapter 18 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) He feels the echo of tenderness in that vague, distant way, and he knows it’s happening all over again - the touch of warmth, the comfort of affection and care being transferred from one person to another. He’s lying on the ground, bleeding his life out, and this is their response to his absence. As though they’d simply waited for him to be out of the picture. As if he wasn’t dying, but already dead. He waits for it to cripple him, as it did the first time he’d held her, but the familiar emptiness that always follows the flood refuses to come. The disconnection isn’t there to remind him that these were not his emotions to feel. Hux’s arms are around Rey, but her arms are around herself, holding in a wound on her side that doesn’t exist. She refuses to let go of him, even though she’s never held him before, and likely never would again. She holds him like a clamp, keeping his life from pouring out of his side. He can’t reach for the emptiness, because she’s refusing to let him go and he doesn’t understand why . Why would anyone do this to themselves on purpose? She’s suffering. He can feel that now. Hux keeps her steady as she suffers when she shouldn’t, and his comfort is channeled, reaching Kylo freely through her touch. This is too much. He fights away from it, struggling to find the emptiness that had never brought him anything but pain. He doesn’t want it, but he needs it, because if there another way to free himself from his curse then everything he’s already done and sacrificed is in vain. That can’t be possible. He won’t let it be possible. Rey. He feels her flushing with immediate relief. This, too, remains. You have to put your walls up now, Rey. He demands of her, the sound of his thoughts gravelly and distorted. Do it now. She’s refusing. He can feel her wordlessly refusing to let him go, and his head settles down on the rocks with exhaustion. Put them up, Rey. He asks. Weaker, this time. Her arms tighten their phantom hold around his body in response, and it makes him shudder with bliss. He can’t ask again. He’s too weak now. (He always will be.) He has to save himself now, whether she blocks him out or not. The lightsaber screeches to life in his hand, preparing to cauterize his wound in the only way he has left. His screams won’t be for his own pain. They’ll be echoes of something far away from where he is, something that shouldn’t be happening, but for the grace of a stubborn little scavenger from Jakku, is. And here he thought he was done causing her pain. When it’s done, the lightsaber remains switched on, dropped to his side as it burns against the rocks while he recovers. Nothing comes for him today. He's not worth the effort. It felt like hours of screaming, but it couldn’t have been more than a few minutes. Hux had taken her to the infirmary once she’d made it clear she wasn’t going to let Ren go, but he hadn’t expected what came next. The sound of Rey’s screams were sure to haunt his nightmares for countless nights to come, wailed so close to his ear as he coddled her curled up body and felt the rigid stiffness of every muscle underneath her skin. He was going to murder Ren for this. Hell, he considered murdering them both just for being so damn stubborn about it. This was avoidable, and yet here she was, writhing in agony for the man. Lunatics. The pair of them were lunatics, he decided, as he buried her face in his neck and cradled her, letting her scream into his skin. There was a wet sponge in his hand, which he used against the flush of her heated forehead when the screaming finally stopped. He ran it across her cheeks and neck to cool her down, and then threw it against the bed and returned his cradled hold to her. The worst of it seemed to be over, but he found no relief in that thought. If she was quiet, so was Ren. “Rey?” Hux whispered, brushing the wet, matted hair out of her face. “Is he-?” She nodded against the skin of his neck, bringing him the relief he didn’t realize he was searching for. It took him a few hard gulps of air, and a long sigh, before Hux felt safe saying a word. “Well.” He finally managed. “There’s always next time.” She paused her breathing for a moment, before it continued with a chuckle. “He told me to tell you to go fuck yourself, and then he passed out from the pain. He’s used the lightsaber. Cauterized the wound. He isn’t bleeding, anymore.” Rey reached out to her side, pressing her fingers against the unhurt skin that had been searing with hot, unbelievable pain only moments before. Now, she felt nothing. The bliss of unconsciousness had finally cut her off from his pain. “Then you’re going to rest. That was traumatizing for me, and I wasn’t even the one experiencing it.” Hux’s voice maintained that light thread of dry humor it always possessed, even as he disentangled himself from around her and laid her gently on the gurney. “And when I say rest, I mean rest. You won’t go searching for him every few minutes. You’re going to close your eyes, and sleep for as long as that wretched man lets you.” He pulled the covers up over her body, and whipped a handkerchief out from his pocket, drying her face with it. His voice lowered, maintaining the quiet tone of a hushed conversation since he was leaning in so close. “I’d tell you to set your mental blockade up, but by now I’ve grown tired of asking, and you’re going to do whatever you want regardless of my opinion, so.” The handkerchief was carefully folded up into a square, and slid back into his pocket. “The only thing I can ask for is sleep. Can I trust that you’ll follow this one direction, or am I obliged to sit here all night and make sure of it?” “You have work to do.” Rey reminded him, not quite answering the question. “Tons.” He shot back in reply, his expression narrowing dangerously. “All of which I will miss, if it means keeping you in this bed. Think of the shame you will endure from this loss, and tell me you won’t leave until I’ve returned to check on you.” There was little she could do to argue against that, but her eyelids were already fluttering, and it was clear she was too tired to even try. Her body had taken its own toll of stress from the day, and even if she hadn’t bled for it, fatigue wormed its way through every muscle in her body and tugged her down until she could hardly see him. She rose one hand, lifted the palm, and then dropped it over and over in front of him. She was nodding, with her hand. It was the strangest, silliest, most endearing little movement he’d ever seen, and he grasped the hand and tucked it under the covers quickly so as not to witness it a moment longer than he had to. “I’ll take that as a yes.” He clipped out sharply, tucking her back in. Her eyes were finally closed, but the furrow of her brow suggested that she was still fighting off sleep, and he reached up to smooth the wrinkles across her forehead. She tilted her head into the curved hand on her face, and he lowered it, letting it settle where her movements demanded, until he was cupping her cheek. Sad, lonely little girl, Hux thought to himself. You want for so little, that the touch of your enemy is comfort enough. No one had ever found comfort in his touch before Rey. But then, there had never been comfort there to give. He pulled his hand away before he was stuck there with her, lost in warm and dangerous thoughts that had no place burying themselves into his head. When he left, he returned to his room. Still troubled with the events that had just transpired, he flicked open a hail for the Captain, and sat down to wait for her response. His chin fell into one hand as he sat there, with a deep furrow to his brow and pinched, frowning lips. It only took a few minutes before the chrome of Captain Phasma’s helmet appeared on the projection screen. “General.” She greeted him, formal and yet - tight. He sensed a tension he couldn’t bother worrying about. “Send a medical team planetside at once, Captain.” He ordered, his voice crisp and unfamiliar. He could hear the sudden difference in his tone; as if something had changed for too long, and he no longer knew himself. He sounded like a stranger, or a man he’d met long ago. “And a full stock of high grade medical supplies. For a medical base, I find this station lacking, and I’ll need a better team on hand soon. A team of my own.” His eyes flickered up to the screen finally, to look at the Captain. “Do you understand what I mean by that?” “Sir.” She understood all too well, that what General Hux was really asking for was a group he could trust. The concept meant for slim pickings, but he was sure there were still a few surgeons of higher ranks, men who’d worked under his father, whom he could - “Sir.” She repeated, with a deviated inflection that indicated more than just agreement. “There is a slight problem aboard the Finalizer at this time.” The side glance he’d been giving the projection was cast away as Hux straightened up, turning fully towards her with concern. Was he too late? Had an uprising already begun before changes could be implemented? He thought there would be more time, he thought that they could salvage what was left, but if anarchy had already taken hold then there was no time left. He imagined that tear, that jagged break in his perfect plan, finally collapse into itself. All the pieces crumbling, one by one, around him. “Tell me.” His voice remained steady as he demanded the news. “In light of your absence, the Supreme Leader has given leadership of the Finalizer to General Mitaka.” General Mitaka. He tried not to laugh. “Ah.” “It will be - difficult to secure a ship to send to you without his permission. As it is, there have been some - queries made concerning your absence, and what General Mitaka’s missive concerning that will be. I’ve already made my report to indicate our work thus far on the reconditioning program and new Stormtrooper establishment but I have not yet received word on whether he plans to allow implementation or not.” He’d been ousted. Despite Snoke’s assurance that he would be given the chance to redeem himself, he’d apparently been undermined completely, tossed into an instability that would now force him to ask permission for his actions. And to ask them of his former subordinate, no less. Mitaka was unsuited for a leadership position. He was, in fact, probably already cracking under the pressure. And that was precisely why Snoke had done this to the man - as some temporary torture, waiting for the likelihood that he would end his own life if Hux did not return to kill him, himself. Snoke played a sick, twisted game, but at least Hux was familiar with the rules. “Arrange for a meeting with General Mitaka, Captain.” He demanded through clenched teeth. He was mildly insulted for Phasma - if anyone should have been promoted and given the Finalizer, it was her. This insult was a powerplay, and nothing more. “I will speak to him personally at his earliest convenience.” If Captain Phasma could hear the threat in General Hux’s voice, or the way he was angrier for her than he was for himself, she did not express it. She nodded her head sharply, and her voice returned to it’s regular, formal tone. “At once, General.” There was a hesitance, before she turned her head to look to the side. When she returned the helmets gaze to him, she spoke quieter. “I will keep you informed. Check your messages often.” A single brow rose high as General Hux stared at her incredulously. There was absolutely no reason why Captain Phasma would need to tell him to check his messages on a regular basis, when she knew how frequently and obsessively he did so. Unless. “Consider it done, Captain. Thank you for your assistance in this delicate manner. I look forward to hearing what the new General has to say concerning our work.” Captain Phasma’s helmet clanked as she nodded firmly, and then cut off the transmission on her end. As soon as she was out of sight, General Hux flicked open his inbox, and waited. Sure enough, a message arrived mere seconds later. No name, no formal greetings or signature. Just the warning. Mitaka will grant the men. Don’t trust any you don’t know personally. Keep them away from her. His blood ran cold, sluggish and almost painfully through his veins. Seconds later, the message itself was gone - deleted from the other side. Purged, skillfully, from the system. There was no telling how Captain Phasma had come to know any information concerning what the Supreme Leader was planning, or why Rey was suddenly in danger. What he did know, however, was that he trusted the Captain implicitly; and if there was anyone on that ship who could have been privy to a conversation alluding to this danger, it would have been her. No one suspected Captain Phasma of treason. There were times, he knew, that the officers often thought of her more as part of the ship than its crew. She’d proved them wrong, today. But not even Captain Phasma’s loyalty would save him now, if the Supreme Leader meant to send an assassin in the ranks of a medical team. In truth, the loss of Rey would easily tip Ren over into an obliviated state of despair. Was that Snoke’s final goal? Was she only meant to be a pawn, no longer an asset to the First Order if she could be made to join their cause? Or was it not an assassin at all, but something more sinister coming for her? He thought of Ren’s current state of training, and forced himself not to imagine what, exactly, Snoke would deem necessary to achieve the same results in Rey. He felt the end of their little game hurtling towards him, threatening to break the board too soon, before he was ready. If only he knew how long Ren’s training would last. No matter what changes the man would undergo in that temple, he was still an integral, necessary part of this quickly unraveling plot. And Hux could not bring himself to believe that Ren would be transformed enough to be apathetic towards the fact that Rey was now in danger. The fact that he’d lost his ship, his crew, and perhaps his only chance at returning to a seat of authority, meant so little in the wake of all that had come to light in that brief conversation. That was the only silver lining, he thought ruefully as he reached for another cigarette. The overwhelming danger they were in was enough of a distraction from the fact that Hux had been essentially fired. His timeline was growing smaller by the second. When Rey woke up again, she felt like she hadn’t managed any rest at all; but she could see by the clock on the wall, and the pangs of hunger in her stomach, that she’d actually been out of it for hours. She shifted the blanket off of her and her legs were already sliding off of the gurney when she remembered it; the hazy promise she’d made with the wave of her hand and a warmth she couldn’t explain away. She wasn’t supposed to get up until Hux returned - except that just made her want to get up more , and she was forced to tamp down the rebellious urge to swing her legs over the gurney and hop away to find some food. The only thing stopping her now was how easily she could picture his face, terse and annoyed, when he returned to an empty bed. He would be disappointed. With an unknown amount of time on her hands, and that disturbing thought lingering in her mind, she thought this a perfect time to try and untangle the complicated emotions that had been driving her actions over the past few days. She’d wanted time to think through it all, and now she had nothing but time to do just that. Her head dropped back down on the bed, and she stared up at the white, cracked ceiling. One at a time, she told herself. First, Hux. She trusted Hux. She accepted that immediately, and sought out all of the reasons why this was suddenly the case. He’d been afforded several chances to deal with her, to put her in danger, or to lock her up and treat her like a prisoner. Instead, he’d given her freedom at every turn, and let her make her own decisions. She could have left with Finn, if she’d wanted. No one was keeping her here against her will. But why did he do anything? Behind his eyes, Rey had seen an intelligence that always made her think he’d figured out every possible outcome to a situation and was already on the direct path towards the best possible one. So far, he hadn’t proved her wrong; and it was so easy, so natural to simply trust that Hux knew best, whenever he offered her choices and gave her advice. She wondered if she was simply being too naive - but if that was the case, wouldn’t she feel the same about Kylo’s choices? Hell, that man made more bad choices than there were stars in the sky. If anything, he needed Hux’s advice just as badly as she did. So she trusted him, because he knew what he was doing, and he knew how important her freedom was. That felt squared away, understandable and no longer worrisome. But what, exactly, did trust have to do with the way she felt when his hand was pressed against her cheek? That wasn’t trust, and she knew it. But it was something like trust, something deep and important. She knew she’d turned into his hand because she needed to feel that something, whatever it was. Affection. The word bubbled into her mind easily the moment she accepted that she was starved for it, and she’d begun to claim it with the same urgency as she had Finn’s hugs. Hux was many things, but no one could have ever guessed him an appropriate vessel for affection. Yet there he was, turning his hand against her cheek as she fell asleep, proving everyone in the galaxy wrong just by showing a little nobody a moment of tenderness. He was proving everyone wrong, which meant it was right to hope for him. Hope was what she did best. So she trusted Hux. She craved his affection. And she was going to work with him. These were things that, when compartmentalized carefully, she thought she could handle. She didn’t have to be scared of the strangeness of it all; not when she could explain it all away so easily, and keep each of her feelings for him in their separate, safe little boxes. It all made sense, there. But then it was time to turn to Kylo, where nothing made sense at all. She did not trust Kylo. There was still so much she feared from him, without ever wanting to admit it. She was ready to kill him if she had to; if he returned to tear down what little they’d built up together, she wouldn’t let him stand in the way of what she was willing to do here. She knew that. She knew she would do what she had to. But she was still, somehow, sure it wouldn’t come to that in the end, and that unsettled her. When his eyes were on her, she always felt it like a searing heat, burning at her skin until she felt something worse than pain bubble just underneath. He couldn’t tell her why his intensity refused to turn to anger anymore, or why he gave in whenever she pushed him too hard, instead of fighting back like she was sure he would. He wouldn’t tell her anything, and that enraged her more than the way he made her feel. It didn’t matter, he’d told her. Not anymore. She’d clung to his arm on that launchpad and wished she could take a stand, keeping him there until the threat of destroying whatever ‘it’ was had passed. But it was too late to lament that, now. All she had left was to untangle her own emotions, just as she’d done with Hux. She started with their training. She admired Kylo. He was strong, and capable, and determined. Even as he wallowed in the thick fog of foul intent and disruption the Dark side left him drowning in, he still managed to crawl his way back up to the shreds of humanity left within him, and she’d seen it all in his every move. He’d gone out of his way to make her aware that he didn’t hate her, but there was no assurance that all of that wasn’t a trick. She only believed him when she could see the truth in his eyes, shining bitterly as if it hurt to be honest with her or Hux. He protected her. He demanded so much of her. He wrenched strength out of her that she never knew she’d possessed. And in the end, no matter how hard she fought against him, he’d taught her so much. That was enough, wasn’t it? That had to be enough to explain why she refused to let him suffer alone in that temple. That, and how adamantly she believed that no one should ever be left alone as they suffered. It had to be enough. She couldn’t shake the tension in her shoulders as she tried to convince herself that her reasons for getting attached to the two most villainous men in the world were understandable. She only had to convince herself, not the rest of the world; and yet, somehow, that still seemed too daunting of a task to accomplish. Logic dictated that she shouldn’t care about these men. Her heart did not reside in the world of logic, any longer. She wondered if it ever had. Her breath caught as she felt the stir of consciousness, and the ache returning to her side. Kylo was waking up, and her time alone with her thoughts was over. She should have been upset about that, but she’d never felt more relieved. How does it look? She felt him still when she made her presence known, and then a flare of anger traveled up her spine, making her laugh at how predictable it was. Why are you still here? His thoughts were so garbled, so shaky, that it had her wondering if things like distance really could affect their bond. She winced the moment he moved, checking the charred and twisted skin of his wound. It wasn’t doing very well. I’m not leaving you. She told him, the stubborn and willful pride in her voice overshadowing any hint of actual care. You should get back to the base. You need help. It was the wrong thing to say. She felt it the moment he reacted, lurching up onto his feet and sending spirals of pain echoing back towards her through their connection. He was gritting his teeth, baring it as well as he could until he knew she was screaming. And then, quite suddenly, it all stopped. Rey’s voice cut off and her eyes flew open at the sudden loss of pain. Kylo? Stay out of my head. It wasn’t a warning. It wasn’t a command. He wasn’t angry, or cruel, or demanding anymore. He said it so simply, as if he was begging her to listen for once, and then she felt the silence, crueler than any words he could have ever said, leaving their bond cold and disconnected. A wretched sound escaped her throat, before she could control it. “Good. You’re awake. We should discuss - “ Hux’s words cut off when he took note of the tears staining jagged down her cheeks, and he sat down against the edge of the bed, setting his hand against the blanket that covered her. “What’s happened? Is he dead?” “Worse.” Rey huffed out, her hands balling into fists. “He’s alone. I hate him, General. I HATE HIM.” But by the looks of things, Hux knew that was far from the case. He reached out and patted one of her fists, pulling her fingers free one by one until her hand relaxed into his. “No, and you’re a terrible liar. He’s trying to spare you, Rey. He’s done little in the way of selfless actions in his lifetime.” He squeezed her hand carefully. “Let him have this one.” Hux was right. He always was. And yet. “Do you know where the temple is?” She trusted herself more than she trusted him, this time. “I’m afraid I have no idea. And even if I did, disturbing his training may have grave consequences on both he, and those who’ve dared to do it. I will have a new medical team standing by once he’s returned, though. I’ve already seen to it.” He was trying to soothe her back into reason, but the daunting echo left behind by Kylo’s absence had begun to buzz painfully in her mind, like a constant reminder that something was missing, something was wrong. “I could find him.” She wagered, despite how unsure she really was. “I could try.” In the silence that followed, Rey pulled her hands away, thoughtlessly scratching at the top of one palm until the skin under her fingernails streaked with dry, pink tracks. Hux pulled her hand away, and pressed it firmly against the bed. “It’s an interesting proposition, but I still consider it an insult to his training, and a life threatening situation to you. Give it more time. He can only block you if he’s strong - that works in our favor. If he’s hurt again, we’ll know.” Rey’s eyes turned up to glare at Hux, pinching her expression with desperation. She knew that silence meant he was safe, but she wasn’t worried about his safety anymore. There was so much more at stake than Kylo’s life, when it came to that temple. She wanted to drag him out, by force if necessary. “We never should have let him go.” She admitted, turning her hand until their palms met. “You know that.” A soft chuckle escaped Hux’s lips, weak enough to die almost instantly to a sigh. “Ah. I only know one thing about the both of you.” He admitted, though his lips pursed in wry amusement. “And that is that no one can tell you what to do, or not do. This is his decision, and we must trust in his ability to get what he needs from that place, and return safely.” “I don’t trust him.” Rey admitted, pulling Hux’s hand into her lap and staring down at his pale fingertips. “That’s the problem.” Hux stared at his hand as well, intertwined easily with her slender fingers and almost obscene in its pale translucence when compared to her ruddy, sun-kissed skin. The way she held his hand did not worry him, as their previous encounters had before. This was a statement, and it was one he read loud and clear. She didn’t trust Kylo the way she trusted Hux. And she was right. That was a problem. “Indeed.” He murmured, eyebrows knitting together in deep, over-burdened unease. “Discovering the temple’s location, at the very least, may not be such a bad idea after all.” Notes: This damn chapter was a real stubborn struggle, because there's so much more important crap coming but this needed to plop out first and I was just overall suuuuper unhappy with it, but rest assured what comes next will make up for it, at least plotwise, so bear with me. In other news I'm taking a tiny break in order to fulfill a reylux prompt challenge, which will be coming out tomorow. So BP's next update will likely be on May the 4th (because Bloodlines comes on the 3rd and GOOD LORD AM I GOING to GOBBLE THAT BOOK UP.) So that will be how I celebrate May the 4th with you all XD And lastly I wanna say thank you to those of you who reached out to me when I was having a rough go of it yesterday, you guys are really so sweet and reminded me that when one door closes, another one opens. I'm really lucky to have such good friends, and I will not forget that. OKAY ACTuAL LAST THING: AquaWolfGirl is an actual angel of a human being and I can't shut the hell up about her fic, Never Tell Me the Odds. It's an AU Reylo fic where Ben doesn't have the force so he's a smuggler instead. Listen. I can't even do it justice. Just click the link it's the best thing ever written. HAVE A GREAT STAR WARS CHRISTMAS YOU GUYS AND REMEMBER TO BE GOOD TO EACH OTHER!! MAY THE FOURTH BE WITH YOOOOOUuuuuu Chapter 19 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It’s bloodlust. He realizes it when he slides his lightsaber up the length of a faceless body, leaving a trail of jagged flesh right down the middle. This test is about bloodlust. It’s meant to be a reminder of what it does to him, what he craves. He feels pieces of his soul flaking off with each kill, in some vain hope that it will all fall away one day and leave him in peace. But it backfires, because it’s been too long, and he’s killed too many by now. He doesn’t feel the swell of progress when he coats his hands in blood anymore. He continues, because he must; not because he sees an end. He fails this test, too. He’s failing them all, one by one, and yet he continues. His enemy is no longer unfamiliar. He sees them just the way they were the first time he’d killed them; the Jedi, the innocents, the old man, the faces looking back at him in terror and still somehow hoping for mercy. They’re already dead, but he still tears through them, one by one, and never looks back to see their bodies turning to ash behind him. The faces will become more familiar the closer he gets. He knows this. Expects it. It doesn’t stop him from moving forward. A greeting party of one waited at the landing dock, wrapped up tightly in his greatcoat with his hands held firm behind his back. Hux had long since been prepared for this moment, as he watched the small vessel landing nearby. Its landing whipped his coattails violently around his legs, but his hand lifted to rest on his hat, securing it until the engines shut down. Then his posture returned, rigid and professional, as he waited for the line of Stormtroopers and medical staff to depart. The staff walked quickly up to meet him, all cold smiles and handshakes. They introduced themselves to him one by one, and he studied each face as he took their hand, leaving him resigned in the fact that he’d never met a single one of them before this moment. The team had been hand picked, down to the assistants - leaving Hux with no allies. Phasma must not have been given her proper input, and he hoped she’d been smart enough not to argue against it. They’d brought advanced supplies, and he was sure that each of them were highly trained medical professionals, but that did not change just how potent the latent danger in their arrival was. Each one likely knew a thousand ways to make someone die in their sleep. “Right this way, gentlemen, ladies.” The General offered, leading them inside to their quarters. Rey was still in hers; as far away from them as possible. With this new arrival, Hux knew the base had transformed into a bomb set to explode at any moment; and he maddeningly couldn’t guess at the fuse. “BEN.” Han Solo doesn’t need to scream his name this time. He already knows who’s standing there, between him and whatever he’d come here to learn. He knows this is what he’s supposed to do, and he doesn’t want to hesitate this time. His lightsaber is already thrumming, having tasted so much death against its unsteady blade. One more wouldn’t change the outcome. One more death would neither save him, nor break him. Han Solo was already dead, anyway. Kylo knows. He understands. This is a test, just as it was the first time he was tasked with killing his father. He’s supposed to do better this time. He will. “Snoke is using you for your power.” The vision in front of him is nothing but an echo, stealing his father’s words and rehashing them in some desperate ploy to trigger his guilt. He remembers how close he’d come to believing those words, that day. He believes them now. He knows they’re true. It changes nothing. “When he gets what he wants, he’ll crush you.” His father is begging, that gravelly voice just a little out of sync this time. He comes closer, settles his hand on Kylo’s face. The imposter’s touch is too early. “He already did.” He tells his father, in a weak snort. “When he asked me to kill you.” “That has to be the most pathetic thing I’ve ever heard.” The voice is wrong, it doesn’t belong here in this sacred moment between him and his father and their death. He turns with a sneer to stare at the figure standing beside him, trailing smoke in his wake. Hux doesn’t belong here. Hux never belonged here. Worse yet, Kylo can’t tell if he’s just seeing another vision, or if the man was foolish enough to follow him into this temple after all. “Get out of here.” Kylo’s voice is a warning growl, but his lightsaber is still pointed at his father. He knows what’s coming. “Get out of here, Hux.” “Why? So you can go through all of this alone? Again? How poetically self-sacrificing of you.” Hux drops the cigarette to the ground and digs his heel into it, snuffing it into oblivion. “Just kill the man already. You’ve delayed enough.” Hux guides the arm holding the lightsaber, with a gentle push. It slides slow, like a hot knife into butter, nothing like the way he’d killed his father. Hux’s hand never lets go of his arm, even after Han has crumpled and fallen, turning to dust at their feet. “That wasn’t so hard this time, was it?” Hux asks him, in a voice he can barely recognize. He’s still holding Kylo’s arm. “I think you’re almost to the end of this thing. Come along.” “Still nothing?” Hux asked her, pressing his hand against the wall of Rey’s quarters. He’d kept her in his sights from the moment the team had arrived, but so far they’d all but left him and his crew alone. They kept to the research facility, installing upgraded bacta tanks among other things. None of it seemed out of place. They were doing their job, as requested. Hux knew better than to let his guard down. “He won’t let me in. I’ve tried as hard as I can, but all I get is silence. I know he’s alive - at least, I think I do.” Rey wanted to feel more confident in her instinct, but when she tried to convince herself of it, it only made her feel smaller. “We have to go to the temple.” She whispered out, practically begging him to change his mind. “He’s just going to keep me locked out until he’s dead, and it’s too late to help. You know that, don’t you? This stubborn, childish little streak of bearing all his burdens alone is why he’s made so many stupid and awful choices already. Are we really going to stand here and just let that idiot make another one?” She wasn’t wrong. Hux knew this before she’d even spilled her thoughts out in whispers, as if she was afraid someone would hear her giving any leniency to the man she was sworn to hate. He knew all of this, but that didn’t change their precarious position, and how dangerous leaving for the temple would be when the base was now potentially filled with spies. But she didn’t know that. In fact, she knew far too little about everything surrounding them, because both men had kept her in a tightly closed bubble of lies and half-truths. There in her bubble, they were convinced she would be safe - but safety was a far cry away from them now. No, he told himself. He hadn’t just kept her in that bubble to be safe. It was just meant to keep her. Safety had never been his highest concern until now. He ran his hand down the features of his face, muffling a groan into his flesh that sung of his dismay. If she was going to be safe, she needed to know the truth. At least, some of it. “There are complications.” He started out, his hand still pressed against his lips. He caught the movement of her chest, rising as she took a breath to start arguing before he’d even told her what the complications were. His hand dropped from his mouth to press against hers, keeping her silent. “Please, let me explain. It’s quite important.” His tone, more than anything, was what had her swallowing that breath and falling silent. His hand dropped to rest unburdened against her knee. “I asked you to stay in your quarters today because we were getting new personnel. I know you felt some curiosity as to why, and I should tell you now, it is because I am relatively sure at least one of them poses a danger to us.” She didn’t look as surprised as he would have expected - she must have figured that one out on her own. “Resistance?” She asked, keeping her voice as unattached as possible. His lips quirked with amusement at her attempt to be impartial. “You would hardly be in danger if so. No, it seems there’s some dissent among my own ranks. In fact, according to my latest intel, I’ve been at least temporarily replaced.” All of the color drained out of Rey’s face. Apparently, she did not seem pleased with the possibility that the man whose hands she’d firmly placed herself in was now no longer in charge. He tried not to smile, but even in the worst of situations, Hux could not help but express the sharp and biting edge of his dark humor. “ Rey. ” He whispered, his voice lowered as if scandalized. “Don’t tell me you were only with me for my power. ” As expected, his wit drew her out of the spiral of worry she’d been falling into, and she reached out to punch him hard against his arm. “Quit it.” She muttered, eased by his terribly timed attempt at humor. “This is serious.” “Indeed it is.” Hux murmured in agreement, rubbing his arm at the very real sting of her punch. “And that is exactly why I can’t sanction a foolhardy mission to go and rescue Ren, when we aren’t even sure he’s in any danger yet. In fact, as far as I’m concerned, we’re in more danger than he is. So until you have proof otherwise, you’re staying right here. You’re not to eat anything I don’t bring you, and you’re to keep this door locked. Is that clear?” Rey looked ready to storm out of the room at his demands, and he knew this was the worst way to get her to do anything. But for now, with so many unknown factors affecting his ability to see the future, there was no room to play a softer hand. He only hoped his sudden authority wasn’t going to backfire and send her out into the cold on her own. A knock on the door interrupted them before she could reply, and Hux rose quickly to open it, taking the satchel that one of his officers handed him. When he closed the door again, he brought the satchel to her attention, and held it open for inspection. “Water, rations, a topography map, a compass, a change of clothes-” Rey let out a strangled sound, and Hux stopped listing everything in the bag to glare up at her. “What?” It took her a few seconds of fumbling for the right words, before she finally laughed them all out incredulously. “I thought you said we weren’t going to find Kylo!” Even Hux would have to admit, the bag sent a clearly confusing mixed signal. He sealed the satchel up again, and dropped it at her feet. “I said we aren’t going anywhere until there’s proof that we should. That does not mean I’m going to be caught unprepared. ” He stood up, tilting her chin up with his thumb and forefinger. “Honestly, Rey. It’s as though you don’t know me at all. ” His lips thinned with a tight smirk, and left before she could remind him that she really, really didn’t. “What is it?” “You’re the magic user, Ren. You tell me.” It’s the end of the line. It has to be. There’s nowhere else to go, and no more phantoms to kill. There’s just him, and strangely, Hux. The General stands beside him, stiff and on edge and so impatient , reminding Ren of their days on Finalizer when working together was a tedious chore broken so rarely by the tense battles of wit and wisdom. Everything changed after Starkiller, even his relationship with the General. Or at least, that’s what he thinks, until he looks at the man beside him. “Go up and take it. It’s what you’re here for, isn’t it?” Hux snaps out, digging another cigarette out of his pockets. He grumbles something under his breath unhappily, before he finds one. Kylo watches him, struck dumb at the difference. There isn’t much left for him to do but move forward and take it, whatever it is. It’s hovering between two pointed rocks, held there by what he can easily tell is a great deal of Dark force energy, but nothing about that scares him. It’s ignorance that scares him. He doesn’t know what it is, and yet he’s reaching out to take it, because what else is left but this? “Ben, don’t touch that.” Hearing that voice behind him manages to stay his hand, but he knows it’s not exactly meant for him. He turns, and there’s Leia, with a fresh young face yet untouched by age. She isn’t even looking at him; or she is , but not the man standing there above her. She’s picking up a child, covered in swath and shadow, pulling him away from something dangerous. “You know better.” She tells him, scolding a child that has no idea what she’s talking about. “That’s too dangerous. Where’s your father? He shouldn’t have left it all out like..” The voice, the woman, and the child are fading, disappearing back into memory. That’s what it was, he realizes. Nothing but memory. And yet. “Ren.” Hux hisses, gesturing his lit cigarette at the pyramid shaped item behind him. “Focus.” The bodies he’d carved up to get here weren’t behind him. His father’s body was gone. Everything he’d destroyed to get here was gone, until there was nothing in that cavernous space but him, Hux, this artifact of the Dark, and whatever was trying to keep him from it. Because something was trying to keep him from it. He starts to doubt that it was being defended, and begins to wonder if it is he, instead, who is being protected from it. Hux stills, his back arching slightly. Kylo can feel the change in him. He feels something emptying. It’s too familiar of a feeling to ignore. “Kylo?” Swiveling, he catches the sight of Rey, and it’s too late to stop her. Her hand is on the pyramid, grabbing it with her fingers. It doesn’t seem to be responding to her touch and yet she is responding, horrified by the way her fingers are turning to black and ash. She’s crumbling, but it’s so slow that nothing but her fingers are gone by the time she falls into his arms. When had he moved to catch her? He couldn’t remember even taking a step. She’s there in his arms regardless, holding her crumbling hand by the wrist with her other one and mouthing in wordless anguish. Behind him, Hux is yelling for him to take the holocron. The word shoots through him with familiarity, despite having never seen one. He glares at the man, wondering exactly how Hux would know that’s what it was. The glare silences the General, stilling him back into emptiness. There’s no one actually standing there. Kylo reaches out to feel something, anything from the man - and finds emptiness. He’s not there. No one is. There’s no one in his arms, either. This is your final step, Kylo Ren. The most familiar voice of all fills his head, and reminds him of why he’s here. Take it. “What is it?” Surely the Supreme Leader would tell him that much. Whatever this was, he’d promised it would take away Kylo’s pain. It would absolve him of the emotional tethers he’s been carrying around all his life. He just wanted to know what it was . The answer to everything. Your suffering is at an end. All you must do, is reach out. Take it. Kylo hesitates. TAKE IT. He can hear every voice in his head along with Snoke’s, now. They’re a cacophony of warning, using nothing but words and voices from his own memory as their arsenal. They repeat over and over, the same lines, those same moments. They’re getting louder with every second. Above all, his mother’s voice and his father’s voice take priority over all the screams. He’s using you. When he gets what he wants, he’ll crush you. Don’t touch that. It’s dangerous. He’s on his knees before he even realizes he’s falling, holding his head in his hands to try and kill the voices with pressure. He’s screaming back at them, but he can’t hear himself. They’re too loud, and they’ve taken every measure of control away from him until he’s a sobbing wreck. Reaching out for the holocron is his only chance. And yet he knows, deep down, that it’s no chance at all. His fingers are rising up, stretching for it. This time, the holocron reacts, brightening with a blood red glow. It can sense the blood on his hands. It can sense his pain. His fingers curl inwards when the voices stop, save for one. You will find control. Or I will find it for you. “What are you?” He’s not relying on Snoke, anymore. He asks the holocron, directly, in the hopes it can give him the answer. He’s close enough that it does, promising secrets beyond his imagination. There’s a promise for power, a promise for immortality, and a promise for knowledge. There’s a name whispered in its promises, a name he’s only vaguely familiar with. A name that he knows only through books and history. A name that doesn’t promise him anything, when it comes to his particular malady of emotional absorption. He can feel Snoke’s anger rising up like a physical presence, crawling up his spine and raising the hairs on the back of his neck. “Do you promise all of these things for me? If I take this?” A holocron, even one so Dark it thrives on blood, is still just a holocron. It does not have the cleverness to lie. Not you. It whispers to him. You will die. And there it was. It almost enrages him to know his father was too literally right. There was never going to be anything, or anyone, that could help him. He’s poured all of his faith, and trust, into a lie. He would give anything to feel surprise. It hadn’t even been a full day and Rey was already feeling the itch of restlessness under her skin. She paced her room, back and forth, occasionally feeling out in the hopes Kylo had finally dropped his barriers. He never did, of course. Meals came and went, each of them hand delivered by Hux (which was disarming as hell , and she really didn’t know how long she would be able to handle that), but when the hour for dinner came and went without him showing up it was too much to bear. She’d unlocked her door, and stuck her head out of a crack just to see if the halls were clear. They weren’t. Before the Stormtroopers that cased the hallways could get anywhere near her door, she slammed it shut and locked it again. Since when did they patrol the private quarters hallways? Why did this base suddenly feel very much like a prison? She heard the door unlocking and backed away from it, startled by the sound. When Hux opened the door, he paused, surprised to see her standing so close with expressive discomfort visible in the lines of her pinched up face. He closed the door behind him, set the tray down on a side table nearby, and stepped forward to place his hands on her arms. “What’s wrong?” She was going to disappoint him. She was going to ruin everything. She was going to destroy any chance she had at doing something good because there was no way in hell she was staying in what amounted to a prison for one more day. Her chest was heaving with the beginnings of hyperventilation, and Hux pursed his lips in a frown before tugging her hard into his arms. Being held wasn’t so surprising, anymore. Even when it came at the hands of a General of the First Order. She was panicking, and he knew that this worked. It soothed the quickness of her breath, and reminded her that she was not alone. But that made it even harder to tell him what she needed to say. “I can’t do this.” She whispered, her arms folded so tightly between them that they were pressed against his chest. She felt the moment his breathing stilled, and his body hardened to stiffness. It made her wince, but she knew he couldn’t see it. “I can’t be here anymore. I’m sorry Hux. I truly am. But I just - if this is what it’s going to be like, up there on the ship. Trapped in a room, hiding from danger. This isn’t going to work.” She was right, of course. Nothing of his plan would work, if the mood on the Finalizer was anything like this. It wasn’t even his ship anymore - a mistake he was desperate to rectify. That would be more difficult, on his own. Not impossible. Not optimal, either. But that had never stopped him before. “This is your final decision?” The unsteadiness in his voice was cleared almost immediately. She couldn’t answer that question. She thought she’d decided, but things were never as bad as they seemed in the warmth of an embrace. She pulled away, forced herself to feel the chill of loneliness returning to her skin, and fell into silence. She’d been so sure of herself a few moments ago. Before he was there, looking down into her eyes. “I’ll tell you tomorrow.” She didn’t know what, if anything, she was pushing the choice away for. She just wanted a little more time. The answer wouldn’t change tomorrow. Nothing would. She was stalling for time, that was all. Time for what, however, she really couldn’t fathom. She felt less guilty about it when she watched the way her answer made his lips threaten to smile. Every expression on his face was so small, so tense and bare, but she found herself becoming accustomed to each one. This one meant he was pleased. She answered it with a relieved grin, one that hid that gnawing reminder of what disappointment looked like on his face. He let her go to give her the tray he’d brought. “Then eat, and tell me what spurred this sudden change of heart.” Rey took the tray, and turned to walk back to her bed. At least she wouldn’t have to eat her dinner alone, she reasoned, already trying to find excuses to convince herself that she was strong enough to stick it out on the base until the danger was past. But she never quite made it to the bed, and Hux tilted his head to see why she’d stopped before getting there, only to watch the tray of food clatter messily onto the ground. When he caught a glance at the side of her expression, he could have guessed what had startled her - but he never would have expected to feel the creep of dread burying itself into his own psyche, as if whatever had Rey caught in its grip was bleeding out into him, as well. He shook the feeling off. He wanted nothing to do with it. “He told me we need to steal a ship.” Rey’s skin had lost any trace of color. Whatever Kylo had opened up to her for was thoroughly frightening her. “Get out. Now. It’s not safe here.” “I already knew that.” Hux snorted, walking around to face the girl as she continued to speak. “No. It’s even worse now. Right now. Something’s changed - Snoke’s going to be angry - he wants us to come get him.” Her eyes finally locked onto Hux’s, no longer glazed and staring out into nothing. “I know exactly where he is. Hux, he’s done something terrible.” His eyes flickered, reading into her expression so deeply she could have sworn he was able to dig into her mind. He sobered up, and she could tell instantly by the way he spoke that he’d taken this threat particularly seriously. Still. “What else is new.” He grumbled out, moving out of her way and returning to the door. “Grab your cold weather gear. Put it on - quickly. We will not be stealing a ship. We are taking mine, and we are leaving. Now.” She didn’t move. She didn’t like the way he’d said we. She didn’t like any of this, if she was going to be honest. Hux let out a slow breath through his nose, clearly frustrated at her lack of movement. “And Kylo?” She asked. The surprise in his expression was soothing. She shouldn’t have doubted him. But then, he chuckled, and his expression twisted in wry acceptance. “All right. I deserve that. As tempting as the idea is, we won’t be leaving him to rot. Now please , get your coat. I suspect time is of the essence right now.” He had no idea how true that actually was. He was the only one who heard the sounds of someone trying the door before knocking. Rey had already moved to grab her coat when the knock itself came, but he was already on edge, moving away from the door in case blasters came into play. The knock was so cordial. So normal. It was almost pathetic. He was at her side in a matter of a few long steps, grabbing her by the arm to pull her closer. When he leaned in, his whispered voice was hardly a breath, and he found himself wishing for the first time ever that he had some of those ridiculous, troublesome powers of theirs. Discretion would have been better, here. “Can you sense them?” He shuddered out, unsure of whether she’d mastered anything more than blocking in her time with Ren. He had his answer in the form of a nod, and the flutter of her eyelashes. She lifted up three fingers, and mouthed out the word blasters. She’d even managed to hold up her fingers like guns to make sure he got the message, and if they weren’t in such dire circumstances he would have found it disarmingly endearing. His own blaster was pulled from the thin holster at his side, and immediately her hand pressed hard against his wrist. She shook her head, and her eyes widened with both assurance, and threat. She wasn’t going to let him kill anyone, if she could help it. He kept the safety off, in case she couldn’t help it. “I’ve never done three before.” She admitted, both of her hands raising up in front of her. “Probably won’t hold for more than a second or two. Open the door, take their blasters.” Hux wondered at what point he would be able to take their guns, if they were pointed directly into his stomach, but he opened the door regardless. “General Hux, by order of Supreme Leader Snoke-” He reached out to each ‘trooper, his hands resting on top of their blasters, and their voices garbled into silence. They couldn’t move, nor could they keep the weapons in their hands. He pulled them out, one by one, and held two under his arm with the third one pointed directly at them. She’d done that. She’d frozen three men long enough to disarm them. Apparently, Ren had taught her more than he’d expected - though keeping someone frozen did seem the kind of helpful trick a pacifist would want to learn. “Gentlemen, please finish that sentence.” Hux asked them, his voice bubbling with pleasantry. “I want to know exactly what orders our great Supreme Leader has issued.” They hesitated, clanking their helmets against their armor as they looked at one another. “Hux, time ?” Rey begged, slipping past the ‘troopers with her satchel in tow. He knew she was right, that they didn’t have time for this, but his priorities were shifting as easily as sand. He took his own blaster to a ‘troopers temple, bearing down on it until the man had to tilt to the left from the pressure of the weapon threatening to kill him. “Orders, soldier?” His cruel, menacing tone sped their decision. “To arrest you, sir.” “And the girl?” Not even a gun was going to pry that answer out of the ‘trooper, but silence was the only answer Hux needed. He itched to pull that trigger, to eliminate the possibility that they would re-arm and follow the two of them on their way out. Snoke’s orders were clear - and Hux did not want these men given the slightest chance of succeeding in their mission. They were men of war. There was no dishonor to this. It was the tug of Rey’s hand against his arm that kept him from eliminating the threat, but nothing kept him from regretting it. He did not like to leave frayed edges behind. Despite now being armed to the teeth, the walk to the docking bay was surprisingly uneventful. Hux handed Rey one of the ‘troopers blasters, and then gestured for her to load herself into the back of his command shuttle. He hated the damn thing, all the way down to every impressive detail that ruined it’s actual flight capability. But it was this, or the carrier that the medical staff had come in - and he doubted the speed on that carrier would be much better, let alone any defensive systems. At least his shuttle was nigh impenetrable once it was in the air. That would probably come in handy, soon. When he fell into step behind her, he found her sliding into the pilot’s seat of the cockpit. He dropped the weapons nearby, and leaned against the co-pilot’s seat, glaring down at her sternly. It took her a few moments of priming the engines before she realized he was staring. “What?” His finger pressed gently at her nose, and then turned to point firmly at the co-pilot’s seat. She blinked up in alarm. The dawning of realization came slow, but her slink into the co-pilot’s seat came even slower. Apparently, she hadn’t expected the General to know how to fly his own shuttle. If she’d known proper etiquette, she still would have made this assumption; he had a pilot with him on mission flights at all times. But the assumption was wrong, nonetheless. General Hux was a capable, near reckless pilot. It had been years since he’d been in the cockpit himself, and this was perhaps the only feature of this wretched situation that he was looking forward to. “Input the coordinates.” He commanded of her, settling down in the seat and strapping in. “They’ll be back with reinforcements in minutes. Do you get motion sickness easily, Rey?” He didn’t get to see the way she laughed, but it sounded just genuine enough to get a toothy grin out of him. “Good.” The screech of a dangerously quick ascension was the only thing the ‘troopers managed to catch, when they filed into the docking bay. The shuttle was gone before they were all outside. Gone, but not very far. “Is he there?” Hux hissed out, reaching out to transfer power from the shields he’d automatically put up, to the engines that needed the boost to keep up with his demands. Rey didn’t have to answer. As they neared the temple, looming up menacingly in their field of vision, he could see the figure of Kylo Ren waiting just outside of it, his black figure cutting a swath against the snow. Hux flicked a switch to open the ramp of the ship, and in a move so terrifying even Rey had to scream, he veered in a harsh turn until the ship was suddenly facing the other way. He heard the expected thump of a man powerful enough to make the jump from the ground to the ramp, and hit the switch for the back of the ship to close up again. Then he heard a second thump, and finally turned his head around. Ren was lying on the ground, out of breath, but still moving. Hux could hear the sound of Rey unbuckling, stumbling over her seat to get back to him. He kept his eyes on the horizon, as they rose up into the atmosphere. “His side’s a mess, he needs help.” Rey called out to Hux. “But he’s not bleeding. He’s awake.” And then she smacked the man, proving that he was conscious. Ren growled up at her for it. “Never do that again.” She demanded, punching his shoulder a second time. It was almost torture to listen to it without being able to watch Rey mercilessly pummel the critically injured man on the ground. So Hux laughed, instead. The stream of light left the ship as they broke atmosphere, finally leveling out in the deep black void of space. He wasn’t preparing for light speed. Rey caught on to this a few moments in, as they sped quietly past stars, away from the planet she still did not know the name of. She left Ren to stand behind her co-pilot’s chair, leaning in to look out of the viewport for some indication of their destination. “So what now?” She asked, side-glancing at him carefully. From what she could see, Hux looked wild eyed, and determined. Either the flight itself was exhilarating him, or there was something more. “Now,” He informed her, with his eyes still caught on the stars. “We go back to the Finalizer.” She was too stunned to react, but the injured man in the back seemed too furious to hold back. ”What?” Kylo seethed out, suddenly determined to hobble to his feet. Rey returned to the back, pushed him down by the shoulders, and sat beside him to keep him there. That didn’t change the look of confusion - no, terror, real terror, that flickered on her face. Neither of their reactions seemed to trouble Hux. “To catch you up, the Supreme Leader felt it necessary to try and have me arrested. And have her eliminated on sight. I’m going to assume whatever happened in that temple must have something to do with that, but that does not change the outcome - we seem to be in danger of being quietly snuffed out of existence.” “Then WHY are we returning to the Finalizer? That’s nothing but Snoke’s men!” The shrillness of Rey’s voice startled Kylo, and he winced, reaching to his side. She pushed his hand away before he could touch the burned skin and disturb it further, as if she knew exactly what he was about to do. “They are not Snoke’s men.” Hux clipped back at her, finally turning his head to spare them both a glare. “Those are my men on that ship, who are loyal to Supreme Leader Snoke because I have ordered them to be. If Snoke had full control of the Stormtrooper program, he would have killed Phasma and myself off long ago. And he wouldn’t have sent down a small, private team to put us out of our misery. He was only beginning to stir dissent against me, the last time we spoke. Putting Mitaka in my place will work against him when I return.” “You can’t be serious.” Ren growled out. “They’ll kill her on sight. You, too.” “Oh, so confident that you’ll be spared, Ren?” Hux chuckled out with a distinct laugh of amusement. He turned his head again to get a better look at him. “If you’re positive that I’m putting her in danger along with myself, what makes you so sure they won’t just kill us all?” The hand Rey kept using to push Ren away from his own wound was grabbed, and pulled against him. He placed the fingers of her hand against his chest, and then lifted his head to look at them, holding them up one by one to make sure they were whole. The touch was strange and foreign for Rey, but there was only one thing she felt when she watched him staring at her fingers. It was the relief of knowing that whatever had happened in that temple hadn’t changed him for the worse, after all. “He was using me to retrieve something from that temple. He still needs me.” “Needs to use you, you mean.” Despite the words coming from Hux’s mouth, the sentiment was mirrored in Rey’s eyes. “ Is this really the best time for I-told-you-so’s. ” Ren grumbled. The bitter, childish snark in his growl had Hux feeling far more confident about his physical state. “I promise, that’s not what I was doing. If anything, I’m glad to hear there’s some kind of leverage keeping you alive. Now I’m even more certain we won’t be blown out of the sky before we reach the Finalizer.” “You’re ridiculous.” Ren punctured the words out into the air as if to say he was done trying to understand the General’s motives, but Rey’s discomfort had yet to be assuaged. “And then what?” She urged him on, begging for some kind of explanation as to what the newly ousted General planned to do when he landed on his former Star Destroyer, and how it would keep them from being killed on sight. “And then,” Hux straightened in his seat, catching a glimpse of his menacing sneer of determination mirrored back at him from the glare of the viewport. Beyond, he could see the first signs of the Finalizer looming up ahead. ”I take back my ship.” Notes: So this one got away from me. A lot of shit had to go down, which is why I didn't manage to post it exactly on the 4th like I'd hoped, but instead now in the middle of the night (morning?) but it was important to get it right this time. Hope you guys don't mind! As far as post schedule goes, I think I'm finding it's more important to give myself the time to get things out right than to post fast, so I'm going to slow down a little bit. Chapters will probably get posted every two days instead of every other day, or something like that. IN OTHER NEWS I HOPE YOU ALL HAD A GREAT STAR WARS DAY!! Though this is a better day anyway, Revenge of the Fifth. You know damn well I'm all about that Sith. This is my jam. Did you guys get Bloodline? IF NOT YOU SHOULD IT IS THE BEST BOOK EVER!!!! So yes, hope you enjoyed that tense chapter of tenseness, and know that it'll only get worse before it gets better, because my life is suffering. Let me know what you think. LOVE YOU GUYS. THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR STICKING WITH ME! Chapter 20 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Every detail about the plan managed to dissatisfy Ren. Every single choice was met with complaint, from the way Hux was flying to the way they would disguise Rey. He remained on edge throughout it all, snapping with judgement at every turn. It was clear that they couldn’t walk Rey into the facility dressed in the civilian fatigues she’d been wearing, but there had to be troops and officers that would recognize her face by sight. She needed an outfit that would either hide her identity, or at least all keep eyes off of her; and each of them had their own ideas about the best choice in mind. “We’re not shackling the poor girl.” Hux huffed out, keeping his voice quiet as Rey searched through the lockers in the back. “But please, by all means, suggest it to her. I missed your earlier beating, and I’d so love to see a reprisal.” Ren took the co-pilot’s seat while Rey was gone, holding his side carefully to keep the wound from tearing open at any sudden movement. He bared his teeth threateningly at the pilot, despite Hux’s eyes being firmly focused ahead of him. “How can you still make jokes at a time like this.” Ren had the charming ability to keep his voice low despite his anger, but that did not relinquish the intensity bearing down on each word. Hux felt them like stones, trying to weigh his mood down. They were failing. “You should have a little more faith. Snoke isn’t on that ship, and any orders he’s throwing out right now are being responded to with highly unusual amounts of bureaucratic tape. The main troops won’t even hear about it until after we’ve arrived. Trust me.” “Why should I?” That managed to pull Hux’s attention from the black space in front of him, slowly turning his head to regard Ren with high risen eyebrows. “I suppose you’re right. You have little reason to trust me, right now. Nor do I have any proper reason to trust you.” His words were carefully chosen, and they did their job; Ren flickered his eyes away, staring sullenly at a spot just behind the pilot’s seat. Hux waited, giving him the time he needed to think. It was a fair bit of time before Ren finally grumbled out a strange, unexpected response. “You were there.” He admitted, causing Hux’s brow to shoot up further. “In the temple. You were telling me to take the holocron.” “Was I?” Something about the way Ren told him this had him instantly on edge, as if there was importance there that he didn’t quite grasp yet. “I suppose that’s what stopped you, is it?” Ren shook his head; Hux barely caught the movement out of the side of his eyes, now that he’d turned back to the viewport. “Everyone else was trying to stop me. You were the only one who encouraged - but it wasn’t you. It was you, but different.” “What in the hell is that supposed to mean?” Hux felt an uncomfortable agitation running up his spine that was only getting worse with the vagueness with which Ren was explaining the situation. “Are you telling me you envision me as some sort of - what? Devil on your shoulder?” ”No. Damn it, would you just let me talk. ” The flame of infuriating impatience was back in Ren’s voice, and for some reason that gave Hux exactly what he needed to relax. He sighed, and pursed his lips shut as reward for the familiar, comforting anger. It wouldn’t last. “I knew it wasn’t you.” Ren barely hissed out, leaning in carefully. “At least, not anymore.” The very imperceptible straightening of Hux’s back was a slow, rigid motion, but by the time he’d turned stiff as a board, he was no longer breathing. He understood, now. It hadn’t taken much. He refused to acknowledge the heat of Ren’s gaze, bearing down on him, waiting for some kind of a response. He would always refuse it. “Why can’t I just wear this?” Rey returned from the back lockers with a large, clunky Stormtrooper helmet bobbing loose around her head. She couldn’t actually see them, so instead of stopping she simply walked into the back of the co-pilot’s seat and let the feel of it halt her. She was already answering her own question, but that did not stop Ren from using her return as a distraction. He reached up, and pulled the helmet just enough to be able to see her eyes peeking out from under it. “Don’t you think you’re a little short to be a Stormtrooper?” He asked, his voice remarkably light considering how sullen he’d been a moment earlier. But even Hux had to admit, it was hard not to find humor in the sight of Rey’s lithe body holding up the exaggerated helmet on her head. “I’m not that much shorter than Finn!” She snapped back at him, pulling the helmet back down until it covered her face again. “Besides. They can’t see me if I’m dressed like a Stormtrooper. There’s a whole bunch of suits back there. I could probably find one that fits.” Both men spared a glance at one another with expressions that silently doubted it. “You’ll dress like a petty officer, and keep the hat low. Hair tucked under it. No one is going to give you a second thought.” “She’d be less noticed as a prisoner.” Ren still argued, leaning back to keep from being swiped by Rey’s blind, swinging arms. ”Watch it. ” “Are you going to put the cuffs on her?” Hux asked, cleverly ignoring the way Rey suddenly pulled her helmet up over her head and glared violently at Ren. It was the subsequent silence, followed by a long sigh of resignation, that told Hux all he needed to know. He tried not to smile, and failed. “Petty officer it is. Locker 421. Those should fit you, they were Lt. Farrahs. She was about your size.” Rey turned to head back down towards the lockers, leaving the two men alone again. If Hux was worried that their conversation was going to turn back towards whatever chilling moment of discovery they’d been in before Rey had interrupted, he needn’t have worried. Ren was far more preoccupied, now. “I thought that was just a rumor.” “Hmm?” Hux barely shifted, glancing at the man for a moment. “What was?” “You and Farrah.” A blaze of anger tore through every inch of Hux’s body, curling his toes and crushing the controls under his tightened grip. His skin was flushing, turning an unattractive shade of red, and he reached to press the auto-pilot switch, temporarily taking him out of control. Only then did he turn fully to Ren, and struggled to find the words to adequately express his outrage without actually just screaming into the volatile man’s face. “If there were - rumors concerning the nature of my relationship with Lt. Farrah, I can assure you they were nothing but that. I cannot express how much I loathe rumors, but to know that such an unprofessional one was being - “ His tirade was interrupted by the startling sight of Ren’s face. His pale skin was flushing with mottled color, and his eyes were thin with such dangerous, simmering rage, that it shocked Hux into silence. Yet - as soon as Hux’s quiet tirade had stopped, Ren’s face smoothed over until there was nothing but sorrow and thick, childish pouts to be seen on that dark expression. It took Hux a few seconds to realize what had just happened, and he shoved the sharp stab of pity down as quickly as he could before Ren could feel that, too. “Too much?” Hux murmured, his focus disintegrating when Ren pulled his lower lip between his teeth. Ren nodded, his fingers clenching and unclenching as they ached to hold the helmet that no longer existed. Instead, he reached out and took the Stormtrooper helmet Rey’d left behind, but he didn’t put it on over his head. He simply held it in his hands, glaring down with brooding focus at it. “We could work on that.” Hux made the offer before he could even think about what he was saying. He reached out to turn the auto-pilot off, and took control again. “Have you ever tried that? Practicing with someone else, I mean. It could be like a muscle - perhaps you just need to train it.” He received no response from the sullen man beside him, and refused to look in his direction this time. He didn’t need an answer; he was already regretting making the offer. And the Finalizer was mere minutes away. The silence was not as heavy between them, in the moments that followed. In fact, it was probably doing both of them a great deal of good to be left to their own thoughts, in preparation for what was to come. Even if the conversation had left them a great deal more distracted than ever. “I need a new helmet.” Ren broke the silence with a melancholy air, as he turned the Stormtrooper helmet over and over in his hands. Hux wondered just how desperate the man was to hide the expressiveness that came from his reactions, but all he could think about was the details of emotion he’d seen in Ren’s face. The twist and turn of his lips; the flame burning in rounded eyes; the hard lines of a clenched jaw. He’d only seen it for a moment, and the thought of it still haunted him. He could see just how important that helmet was. Had always been. Would always be. “Will it be difficult to acquire?” Hux asked, in a failed attempt to keep his voice light. “Without Snoke’s help, I mean.” Ren shook his head, and set the helmet down on the ground. “It was just a helmet.” “How do I look?” When she finally did return, Rey was wearing the full suit of a First Order officer, complete with the small rank indicator over her breast and the dark, flapped hat sitting too far over her ears on her head. Her hair was hanging out from all edges in the most unprofessional manner, and Hux snorted as he caught sight of her from the reflection in the viewport. “Like someone trying to infiltrate the First Order. Badly. But it fits, at least.” After Hux’s assessment received nothing but a huff, Ren rose from the co-pilots seat in a slow, pained movement. Rey’s complaints about him moving too much were hardly given time to surface before he was already up, sliding behind her and knocking her hat off of her head. “You look ridiculous.” He informed her, reaching out to pull the messy buns out of her hair, one by one. She froze, any possible response immediately dying on her lips. Kylo’s long fingers were digging into her hair, and she gave it several seconds before finally reacting. She fought against her first instinct, which was to turn around and punch him directly in the face. She chose to go with her second, less violent instinct instead. “I didn’t say you could touch my hair, Kylo.” She hissed out, a warning for him to stop. “Don’t be a child.” He muttered, releasing all of the buns and running his hands through her hair. He could feel the way her entire body shivered at the touch, and and pursed his lips into a hard scowl in order to keep the smile off of his face. “You need this done right.” “Don’t worry, Rey. Ren is a natural hairstylist. Look at the wonders of nature he’s managed on his own head.” Hux was clearly teasing, but his eyes were locked with interest on the sight that reflected back through the viewport, of Kylo Ren pulling the girl’s hair tight around her head to set it in a bun. No one would have ever believed such a domestic sight could come so easily from that man. Even as he sat there, he was unable to tear his eyes away from the expression of concentration on Ren’s face. There was an unnatural beauty in all his features, coming together with strong lines and long curves. Even if he’d just been joking about the hair, Hux had to admit it was hard to look away from him. “Your lack of helmet is actually going to work in our favor.” Hux murmured, desperate to shift his focus away from staring. “These men have never actually seen Kylo Ren. They’re curious.” He leaned back in his seat, They’ll be too busy trying to catch a glimpse of your face, to care one lick about hers.” “Doubtful.” Ren murmured, softer than he’d probably intended. He pulled his hands through her hair one last time, and then smoothed over it until her hair was slick against her skull. “Ow.” She muttered through clenched teeth. “You’re pulling.” “This is standard. I have no gel to keep your hair in check. It has to be tight.” The Finalizer was all but filling the viewports screen, but Hux was still stealing glimpses of the two of them through the reflection. It was like watching a vehicle crash, or an explosion. He couldn’t look away. ”Ow.” She repeated, this time trying to turn when he’d tightened the band around her hair. He snapped the band into place rougher than necessary out of sheer aggravation, and bent down to pick up the hat he’d knocked off her head. It was settled tight over the bun, and pulled snugly over her this time. Now it fit, with no overlap on the sides. And she had to admit, when she bent down to look at her reflection, she did look more like she belonged. “I’m not going to thank you for that torture.” Rey informed him, reaching out to pinch the meat of Ren’s arm. He pulled the arm away at her touch, and settled a gaze down on her, half-lidded and insolent. If he was really as unhappy with her reaction as his expression attempted to convey, however, Hux guessed he wouldn’t be standing quite that close, looming down as though to impress his very being on her. “I wouldn’t know what to think if you did show any sign of manners like that, so rest assured, I wasn’t expecting it.” Something of the heat that should have accompanied such an angry conversation was missing, lost between them as they kept a locked gaze and waited for the other to break. It was Rey, this time, who couldn’t help herself. The twitch of her lips was all Ren needed, flickering his gaze to the movement and narrowing his eyes with victory. She was trying not to smile. That was all the thanks he needed. “If I could break up this charming moment, I’d like to point out we’re likely seconds away from being hailed, and minutes away from docking. Should we get blown out of the sky without a chance to defend ourselves, I thought I’d offer my sincerest apologies for getting you both killed.” Hux reached up and flipped a switch, smiling so recklessly it made both of his passengers wonder how he could be this calm about their situation. His words managed to get Rey to slide back into the co-pilot’s seat, and Ren returned to a passenger’s seat behind them, picking up the Stormtrooper helmet once more. “But since we are not, in fact, being destroyed on sight, I’d like to make some suggestions. Ren, your charismatic charm is going to be what keeps all eyes on you. So perhaps you can turn it up a little, once we’ve arrived, if you get my notion?” Hux was asking for the exact opposite of charm, when he turned his vibrant, dangerous eyes towards Ren. In fact, judging from the coldness of his smile, he was giving Ren full permission to be as frightening as possible. This was a command Ren looked gladly ready to comply with. “And Rey, your job is to stand exactly two feet behind the two of us, hands clasped behind your back, head forward, chin tilted up, hat covering your eyes, and just - look haughty.” “Look like you’re him, basically.” Ren added, eliciting a helpless snort from Rey. Without a thought, she turned her head, grinning back at him. Ren’s brief stint with tranquility took a stumble when he was gifted a grin she’d so thoughtlessly shared, forcing him to remind himself that she wasn’t his friend, the way she sometimes made it seem. She hated him, he reminded himself. She hated him. Her grin fell when she heard those words chanted in his head, so loud they’d spilled over as if he’d screamed them. She was still looking back at him, but the gentle comforts of camaraderie had disappeared. Is that really what you think? He tore himself away, refusing to look in her eyes again. An ear-splitting crackle breached the silence, and when it faded Captain Phasma’s mechanically distorted voice filled the cockpit, demanding security codes. “And what a pleasure it is to hear your voice, Captain.” Hux breathed out, relief flooding him until it was visible in his smile. “Transmitting now. Might I ask for an update on the ship’s current security situation?” She knew he wasn’t asking about security. “Sir, of course. General Mitaka is working hard to put together a statement to deliver to the troops tomorrow morning. We have things well in hand.” In the subtext, Captain Phasma had just told him that her attempts at bureaucratic stagnation had been successful. The entire ship was still unaware of the Supreme Leader’s new order, and would remain so until the morning. “Excellent news. We’re preparing for landing, receiving instructions now.” “I’ll be at the bay to welcome you, sir.” The transmission stuttered and died, leaving Hux to steer the ship into the appropriate bay with slow, careful movements. “I trust you caught that, Ren.” He murmured, keeping his eyes on his work. “We have until tomorrow morning - unless Snoke himself boards this ship. You’re the only one who would be able to recognize if he’s done so. Please do let me know if our timetable gets moved up unexpectedly.” He took silence to mean Ren was already committed to the task, but Rey’s confusion was palpable beside him, and he reached out his hand, holding it palm upwards towards her. It reminded him of the first time he’d trusted in his instincts about her, holding out his coat without looking in her direction. She hadn’t disappointed him then, nor did she now, as she intertwined her fingers in his and took it. “We’ll be all right.” He assured her. “It’s just going to be a long night. I won’t be able to stay with either of you while I work through this. It’s best if you’re not seen until I’ve taken the ship back under my control. But Ren will be with you.” There was a grunt from the passengers seats, but it was a noise of assent, instead of some kind of complaint. “Admittedly, that may be a fate worse than death. I apologize.” “Even now,” Ren sighed out his head hitting the back of the seat. “You manage to be an insufferable asshole.” Then came a bubble of infectious laughter, starting soft in Rey’s chest and creeping it’s way into Hux. There was nothing loud or boisterous about it; the tension of their predicament was too thick to allow more than a gentle chuckle, at best. But it was there, bouncing back and forth between them, bolstered by the groan of annoyance that was Ren’s only contribution to their amusement. “Thank you, Ren.” Hux offered, clearing the laughter out of his throat. “That’s quite a compliment.” “Don’t get used to it.” Ren snapped back, his own voice betraying the unfamiliar, but undeniable threat of affection despite how desperately he tried to sound angry. He laid his head back on the seat again, glaring up at the ceiling in some vain hope of a return to apathy. Despite his position, it was still impossible to miss the way Rey’s laugh-crinkled eyes peeked out from behind the co-pilot’s seat, hiding the rest of her face behind it. In hindsight, the levity was all that kept them from lingering on the sight of the Finalizer ahead of them, the looming giant hovering still in space that was more than likely to be their tomb. When their vessel finally slid into the bay, surrounding them on all four sides with metal and machinery instead of the open freedom of space, that levity was now gone, replaced by a cold, disheartening dread. Hux squeezed the hand still lost in his own, for his own sake just as much as it was for hers. There was silence as they felt the jolt of being latched on to, and Hux shut down the ship systems one by one before flicking the switch to open the hatch. He unhitched his safety belt and moved in one swift, smooth motion, to lead them down the ramp. At the top of it, he paused to wait, and registered the warm brush of a black cloak against the sides of his greatcoat, and the shadow of a presence looming protectively just beside him. He turned just long enough to make sure Rey was in place as he’d instructed, and tilted his chin up at her, in silent reminder. She caught his advice, and her chin lifted higher. It didn’t quite work. No matter how hard her posture was, or how she tried to emulate his demeanor, he saw gentleness in every feature his eyes lingered on, and loathed to consider that problematic when it looked so right on her. He returned to position, schooled his expression with intense dislike, and whispered quietly at the man beside him. “Turn on that charm, Ren.” If the sound that Ren made in response truly was a laugh, Hux was glad the man kept his laughter to himself. It chilled him to the core, clenching until he forced himself to relax. He needed calm, not dread - or excitement. He marched off of the ramp, his lip curling with the hint of a sneer, and his companions followed. The shadow of insignificance behind him, and the imposing threat at his side. He made no attempt to gauge the reaction of the detail that was lined up waiting for them. His eyes remaining focused on Phasma from the moment she came into view. She fell into step at his side, furthering the wall of imposition the commanding group were creating in front of Rey. “General Hux, sir. Commander Ren, sir.” The lower officer behind them received no greeting, as was to be expected. “Welcome back on board.” “Thank you, Captain. I take it General Mitaka is aware of our presence? I wish to speak with him immediately.” “He has been made aware, sir. You may head directly there if you wish.” He did not wish. He kept that particular thought to himself, as he nodded his thanks at the Captain and continued his way out of the docking bay and into the lifts. Once they were inside, it was Ren that pressed the button to indicate their destination. They were headed to his quarters, after all. “Well?” Hux snapped out at him, sharper than he’d intended. “You were right. Moreso than I’d like to admit; your Stormtroopers are a gossipy bunch. They were too focused on trying to look at me without meeting my eye - just one glanced at Rey, and turned his thoughts down a direction that he will no longer remember.” Rey was searching the two of them, her eyes moving from one to the other. They looked like strangers to her now, and something about the ease with which they’d returned to their cruel demeanors had her shrinking with disdain. Ren had already manipulated someone’s mind without a second thought, and the way he spoke of it so deviously was surfacing a fear inside of her that she hadn’t realized she’d lost until now. If either of them realized just how uncomfortable she was, they made no mention of it. Upon reaching Ren’s quarters, he opened the door and let her enter it first. The room itself was painfully sparse, with a single bed on it’s corner, along with a bench facing what could only be a shrine to a burnt up helmet. If either of them thought bringing her to Ren’s room was going to help her with this transition, they were both very sorely mistaken. “Refresher, there.” Ren waved his hand brusquely at a section of black wall that could have been recognized as a door, if it wasn’t so similar to the rest of the wall. She made for it immediately, if only because there was a part of her, growing every minute, that needed to pull away from them. He knew that. Hux did not. When she gave them both one last, troubled glance, Hux stepped forward to intercept her retreat, and Ren’s gloved hand pressed hard against his chest to stop him. He pulled the General back before Rey could notice, and let her disappear into the room alone. “Explain yourself.” Hux demanded, pushing Ren’s hand away. Bending closer to face the General directly gave Hux an intimate view of Ren’s eyes, which held a haunting fear within them. It took Hux several seconds before he realized; that wasn’t his fear lying there beneath the surface. The General turned his gaze back to the door, and his thoughts to the girl within it. “All of your machinations could not prepare you for the moment you had her here, could it.” Ren whispered, a strange victory keening in his voice. “She sees right through us, here, where we belong. This won’t work the way you’re hoping, General.” “And what do you suggest I am hoping for, Ren?” Hux hissed back, refusing to turn back into the man’s heated gaze. There came that chilling laugh again, low and throaty and entirely unbearable. Ren was leaning even closer, until his voice was a tangible presence of breath against Hux’s ear. “She will never love a monster.” If Ren had worded that any other way, he would have gotten a rise out of the General. As it was, he’d used precisely the wrong set of phrases to destroy his objective, and all he got in return was a long eyeroll that landed Hux’s gaze back on his. The General had no issue looking into his eyes, now. He looked utterly in control. “That’s a rather childish notion with no basis on fact. I thought you knew me better than to assume I was ever interested in anything like that, from anyone. If you mean to say you’re using those understated abilities of yours to catch hints of attraction coming from me, then let me put your mind at ease.” He meant to do the opposite, in fact, lifting his head up to match Ren’s threatening imposition with one of his own. Had Ren not backed away at the lurch, Hux’s face would have collided with his in ways he was unprepared for. It was a successful move, returning the upper hand to the General once more. “I don’t make it a habit to deny myself the simpler pleasures in life as long as they do not conflict with my goals, or my command. For now, that happens to be the case. If you’re really going to exhibit this level of jealousy just because I don’t mind holding the girl, or taking her hand, then perhaps you should be asking yourself what it is you’re hoping for, and find a more successful way of achieving those hopes. Mm?” The last sound of Hux’s rant, murmured through closed lips, was nearly against Ren’s face. He winced, and forced himself to hold his ground. “I don’t need to hope for anything. I’ve already foreseen it.” That got a proper reaction out of the General. He pulled back, his expression transforming with confusion. “Seen what, exactly?” “Her. Here. Only, it was different.” A streak of guilt flickered in his gaze, and Hux caught it and held his breath. “Little things were different. But the result is the same.” It was a moment, rare as it might be, when Hux wished Ren wasn’t as easy to read as he was without the mask. He saw the words that weren’t leaving his lips, as if they were written in the reflection of his eyes. He saw them as easily as if he’d used the Force to read Ren’s mind. Hux had never been in that vision, before. He was what was different. He’d changed everything. “I - see.” The halt in his voice was brushed away by the swift movement of his body, pulling away from Ren to turn for the door. “What matters is that there’s reason for her to stay and perform her duties on this ship, now that we have her. I leave the rest to you.” Ren’s hand clamped down on Hux’s arm, wrenching him back to look at him. He held the General with both hands on his arms now, clutching him too hard against the strain of the jacket sleeves covering his skin. Ren could feel the spike of pain rushing through Hux, blossoming an indignant hatred that felt so warm and familiar he never wanted it to stop. He pressed Hux back, until the General’s back slammed against the door, and his body crushed into the man to relieve him of his breath. “You’re afraid.” Ren whispered, his brow furrowing as the emotions welled into him, and refused to drain as they used to do. “Why are you afraid of this? Everything you’ve done has led to where you are now. You can’t tell me there wasn’t some part of you that meant to hope.” “I hope for things far greater than the passing fancy of a pair of volatile Force users, boy. ” Hux’s gaze glittered with cold imagination, seeing things so far past Ren or Rey or any single person that he might as well have held the entire universe in his eyes. “There’s something bigger than all of us at stake here, and I intend to grasp it by any means necessary. I plan to do so with you, and with her. If you’re so desperate as to try and make me focus on smaller goals in the meantime, then I can adjust my plans to compensate without you. I would simply rather not. ” Ren laughed as if he’d just figured it out, but something told Hux the man was just fooling himself again. “I see it now. I see through all these grandiose lies. All of this is just a ploy to keep you occupied. You’re scared this little truce of ours is going too far. You’re afraid you’re going to fall in love.” As expected, Ren had no idea what he was talking about. Hux finally worked up the strength to shrug the man’s hands away, and his head leaned in to glare up in a narrow eyed threat. His hands snaked up to press against Ren’s cheeks, holding his head firmly in his grasp. When he spoke, he wanted Ren to feel the words against his lips, and know that there was nothing of this nature, the nature that lured them to touch and hold and grip, that Hux feared. “Love is a child’s game, Ren. I’m afraid you won’t be able to resist something far worse than something as shallow as love. Or have you already forgotten the temple?” Ren snapped back a step, Hux’s words wielding the power that his body lacked. Ren had recognized something missing in the Hux that guided him, in that temple. He’d done so without thinking, without trying. Just because he knew. There were worse things to fall into than love. Feeling both victorious, and broken, Hux swiveled in place and left the room. Ren could hear the sound of his bootfalls stomping too hard against the floor with each step, as he stormed away from his own bitter honesty, and the emptiness it had left behind. Notes: HAPPY CHAPTER 20 Y'ALL *THROWS CONFETTI* Man they were like | | this close to kissing, I am pissed, are you pissed, cause I am pissed. Fuckers. GONNA GET US SOME MITAKA NEXT TIME WHOOOOOOOOO why am I so excited about that, idfk. I love you guys so much, all those comments from last chapter like filled my soul and made me want to work really hard on this fic and give you the best story that I can possibly manage, just because yall are just so amazing and make me feel like we're sharing this together ;; THANK YOU GUYS I LOVE YOOOOOOOOU. Hope you're still having fun on this wild ride and see you next time. Chapter 21 Summary: It has been six days since I've updated, and I apologize. Hope this is worth the wait! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) She truly hadn’t meant to listen to any of it. If anything, locking herself in the refresher was supposed to give her the time alone she needed to think, but instead she’d spent the first half of it helplessly ingraining herself further in the words and actions of the men she’d left behind. She felt lost, if only because she’d allowed herself to come to a comfortable understanding between the three of them that only flourished when they’d been alone in that quiet, under-staffed medical base. It managed to have been something dangerously close to a home despite the short time she’d been there, but this titan of a ship was nothing compared to the simplicity she’d had on that unknown planet. There would be no outdoor excursions, here. There would be no disguise of freedom, no matter how shallow and untrue it had all been. She thought of her little plant cutting, and slid down against the tiled wall when she realized it had been abandoned there to rot. She could feel them upsetting one another outside, and she knew it was at least partially because of her. She searched her feelings for traces of the sympathy she would have felt for their distress, and found herself empty, and distracted. She didn’t want to stomp out there and tell them both to get over themselves. She didn’t want to get involved in whatever conversation they were having, exuding so much heat and power it stifled her even from behind closed doors. And she felt guilty for not wanting that, somehow. It was the guilt, and not the lack of sympathy, that really had her mourning her own sanity. Those men were on a spectrum of destruction she never wanted to be a part of. General Hux had promised her something different.. but why did she believe him? Why did she believe Kylo, when he hissed promises to never hurt her through clenched teeth? It had been so easy, on that base. Now, that ease felt like a dream. She pressed her hands, and then her ear, against the door. She’d done it just in time to hear Hux storming off. And why shouldn’t he? Kylo was being ridiculous, even she knew it. Somehow, she never thought she’d hear the word love coming out of Kylo Ren’s mouth, but now it was spilling out too quickly, like some kind of lashing meant to sting at Hux’s intentions. So it wasn’t just her, then. Being on this ship changed them - and it felt like it was driving them apart. No, they were doing a fine enough job of that themselves, as if the only way to survive in a place like this was to isolate yourself. That, she realized, she could finally sympathize with. She creaked open the door once the room had been silent for several minutes, and couldn’t see Kylo waiting anywhere in her line of view. He was there, though - she could sense him just as easily as she sensed herself. He was a dark smudge against her psyche, begging to be rubbed out with her thumb. Even he didn’t want to be there, anymore. She stood back up and walked out of the refresher, closing the door behind her slowly, quietly, trying to create the least amount of disturbance - not because she didn’t think he noticed, but because she could feel the tension in the air, demanding some sort of reverence that had her tiptoeing across the room. It was a surprise, then, to find him sitting on his bed instead of that strange little shrine he had set up for the burned helmet. Kylo normally struck her as such a large, imposing figure, and yet - sitting there curled up, with his back to the wall and his legs pulled up in front of him, he gave off the impression of someone so much younger, and smaller. Standing by the bed felt awkward, but there was nowhere else she felt comfortable with. She settled on taking the corner furthest from him, folding her legs under her body. His entire body was turned just enough away from her to try and dissuade her from talking. She ignored his body language, to the surprise of exactly no one. “I know this isn’t ideal.” Her voice was softer than it needed to be. He turned his head automatically in response, but caught himself before his eyes met hers. “Me being here like this. But it’s only temporary, isn’t it?” He nodded his head. Barely. It wasn’t enough to keep her quiet. “And then what?” She was shielding her thoughts, but her emotions still leaked out helplessly. Frustration boiled over on the surface, mixing with his own in a heady combination that edged every word he spoke with sharpness. “You get your own room. Your own clothes, your own orders. And that’s it. You do what you came here to do.” The word orders had been a bad choice. She tensed instinctively, forcing herself to temper that urge to fight back. She would get orders, because that was what she was here for. To work. This wasn’t a pleasure cruise. She snorted under her breath at the thought, and finally, finally caught his eyes. “And you?” Something flashed across his expression, furrowing his brow for a moment before it smoothed out in a return to apathy. “That’s a difficult question. I had orders.” He could still hear Hux screaming at him to take the holocron. Not Hux, exactly. He had to believe that was Snoke, urging him to fulfill his purpose. Demanding he take his part in the bigger picture, and die for this one last step. In a way, perhaps Snoke hadn’t been lying. His final training would have purged him of his affliction, after all. He should have known that the only solution was death. “I’m not doing so well with those anymore.” She moved closer, a slight shift that snapped his attention back at her. He was hardly a welcoming sight, but Rey had never taken no for an answer before. He could feel everything she needed in that moment, and suddenly wished Hux had stayed. He wasn’t equipped to deal with that particular brand of innocent longing. “You could teach me more.” She offered, already sensing that a purpose was what he needed most, and desperate to try and help. It was the opposite of his reaction for her, and he knew it. Shame, familiar and comforting, sagged his shoulders. “You might become too dangerous.” He muttered, the edges worn off of his voice. The sound of it made her grin, and even though he refused to look, he could feel it blossoming just as brightly on her heart as it did on her face. “I already am too dangerous.” She reminded him, reaching out to bat his arm with her fist. He made a noise, torn between a sigh and a grunt, and settled his narrowed gaze on her gaining form. Inch by inch, she was coming closer. He knew why; and for the first time in as long as he could remember, he was glad he could feel someone else’s emotions. He was glad he knew exactly what she wanted, what she needed, and exactly how little it mattered that he was the only person in the position to give it to her right then. There were few times when Rey made things easier for him. This was a rare event. “Can I ask you something?” There was a somber hesitance hiding in those words, and he assumed she was going to ask him if he would hold her. It was everything to her in that moment; she needed reassurance that whatever had changed between them was still somehow in effect, even if it was only in the privacy of their rooms. She’d settle for that. It would be enough. But that wasn’t what she asked him at all. “Did - whatever you were supposed to do, in that temple, whatever was going to change you. Did it?” The last words he’d left her with were still ringing like warning bells in her ears, reminding her that he wasn’t the same man who’d leaned against her on that platform, comforting her as she watched Finn leaving. She hadn’t stopped thinking about it once, even when his hands were lost in her hair. Any moment, she expected him to turn back into a cold-blooded monster. That was why she didn’t ask for anything from him; why she moved closer, but not close enough. There was a very specific distance between them, and it was this unknown factor still holding her back. He thought that incredibly smart of her. “There was nothing in that temple for me.” He admitted sourly. “The Supreme Leader was using me. I gained nothing but that knowledge when I walked out of there today.” He’d just told her that everything he’d wanted had been crushed under Snoke’s heel, and she breathed out a sigh of relief as though he’d told her everything was fine again. For her, perhaps, it was. Nothing about the situation brought relief to Kylo, nor would it ever. “Do you want to talk about it?” He couldn’t help himself. The laugh escaped him as if it had been punched out of his gut. It was just one single breath of sound, but it was too late to take it back - she’d offered something so mundanely normal that it shocked him into laughing at her, which received the expected response. She was angry. Typical. “No, I don’t want to talk about it.” He answered her, with a little more sarcasm than he’d intended. She blew a gust of breath out and it lifted the rim of her cap, which he focused his attentions on safely. “What matters is, nothing has changed. That is what you wanted to hear, isn’t it?” “I want to hear that you’re not a cruel soulless - thing.” She’d started out so strongly, but when she couldn’t find awful enough words to describe him, she’d ended lamely and sat back in defeat. Still, he knew what she was trying to suggest, and his lips curled up in a mirthless smirk. “I have bad news for you, then.” He tried to remind her, reaching out to pull the cap off of her head. Her hair was already trying to escape on the sides, with little flyaways that curled up around her freckled skin. Bad news, he said. He was a cruel, soulless thing. He meant to tell her, to remind her, before he’d taken off the cap. Instead, he dropped it down on the bed, and posed a wordless question of his own. It wasn’t intentional, or at least he thought he could convince himself of that with time, but his arm was already up and in position before he could worry about the why of it all. He’d offered this once, in the medical bay, and she’d laughed in his face. He expected the same reaction, now. No, he hoped for it. And it was safe to say Kylo Ren did not typically get his hopes fulfilled, as of late. Rey saw the arm, bent and risen and waiting, and flinched in response. His arm was already starting to drop when she lurched forward, crawling inch by inch until she was near enough to drop down in the crook of that one arm’s waiting embrace. Every muscle was tense, waiting to strike and flee, even as he curled around her in a hold she could only describe as protective . He was as uncomfortable with physical affection as she was at receiving it from him - but he was trying. He was trying, so hard , to be what she needed in that moment. And she did, oh, she did need it so very much. His arm held her defensively, as if something was going to leap out at them any moment. She knew there was less affection in his embrace than when Finn hugged her, or even when Hux tried to comfort her. He could only go so far out of his comfort zone, but the more she fell into his embrace, the more she began to realize just how precious that offer was. He didn’t want to hug her. He didn’t want to touch her. He didn’t want her in his room or on his bed or anywhere near him, especially not this close. He wanted to fill a void, to be something she needed. It was a sacrifice, on every level. She thought that very brave, but she’d never questioned his bravery, so she wasn’t surprised so much as grateful. “What happens now?” She’d asked him before, but this was something different. His throat was tight enough to choke when he tried to speak. “I have no idea.” Facing the unknown was a frightening thought. When the heat of his embrace started to lull her mind, she began to wonder if that was the real reason she never wanted to leave Jakku at all. She’d been stuck waiting, but every day she knew exactly what lay ahead of her, and what laid behind. She almost missed when he spoke again. “I knew, once. But now.” When she realized what he was saying, she latched on to his words and shoved away her own thoughts in place of curiosity, looking up at the stiff figure of the man who held her. His eyes were on the wall, again. “What did you used to know?” “The path.” He wasn’t quite paying attention to what he was saying. He was just speaking, as if the girl in his arms was about as sentient as the helmet in his shrine. “The future. You, me, the First Order. Everything.” She didn’t like the way he’d said you, me . He seemed too preoccupied to notice how she stiffened in his arms. “How?” Her voice was so tiny, even she couldn’t recognize it. “I’ve foreseen it all.” His attention finally turned down to meet her cautious eyes, but he still seemed so far away and distracted. “That day on Takodana was not the first time I’d seen your face.” He paused, finally testing the air around him and feeling her tension. “Does that frighten you?” “Actually,” She huffed out in a sigh of relief. “That makes me feel a lot better. I saw you in some terrible hallucination when I first touched that lightsaber. I’m relieved to hear that’s just something that happens to people like us.” He gnawed on his lower lip for a moment, desperate to tell her otherwise, but the words never came, and he left her to her misguided respite. “Do I even want to ask what it is you saw?” She muttered, her distrust already bleeding into the question. She felt vindicated for that mistrust when his eyes seared a meaningful gaze down at her, through her, into her - and she knew, with complete assurance, that she did not want to know the answer. “It doesn’t matter now.” He told her, no longer able to look away. “Things have changed.” “Snoke.” She stated with confidence, until she saw hesitance in those burning eyes. “Among other things.” She wasn’t going to ask. She wasn’t going to ask, and he wasn’t going to offer. She would remain blissfully ignorant of whatever troubling thoughts were now brewing in his mind, of things that could have changed between now and the first time he’d seen her in a vision. She was safe in her ignorance, and clung to it like a shield that kept his gaze from digging too deep. But it left a silence in its wake, and his intensity made it difficult for her to breathe. She knew she’d have to be the one to pull away, and she did so by tearing her gaze off of him and burying her face hard against his side. His arm curled up further to accommodate wordlessly. He knew what running away from the truth looked like. “Do you think Hux is safe?” She muffled out against the leather and cloth of his clothing, and this, too, he recognized as necessary distraction. “As safe as any of us are.” He told her. It brought her face back up to meet him, and he rolled his eyes at the utter mess she’d made of her hair. All of his hard work for a few minutes of perfection, and now it was gone. He pulled the hairband off with his fingertips. “Am I going to survive this?” There was no reason for her to trust his answer, so why did she even bother to ask it? “Do you see that in the future?” She sounded so young, so unsure of everything. He snapped the band free, and let her hair fall loose around her face. “Yes.” He lied, if only because he didn’t need a vision to tell him that she would be kept safe. “Am I going to make a difference?” Now that she’d opened up, there was apparently no end to the questions. He tried to summon up his usual displeasure for her curiosity, and found himself coming up empty. “You already have.” He didn’t realize it until he felt the change inside of her, and watched that terrible, crippling smile emerge, but that was the only right answer. Hux spent the short walk to Mitaka’s new office wisely, carefully compartmentalizing his issues with the Force users he’d left behind and devoting his full attention to the much more important matter at hand. When he arrived at the door, Captain Phasma was waiting, flanked by two of her best men. The General stopped in front of them, both eyebrows raised at the sight of the two stormtroopers. “Captain, is the General ready to see me?” He asked, with the unspoken question of the security risk her men might create left hidden in the lilt of his voice and the flicker of his gaze. The Captain’s response was a nod, followed by a sharp gesture with her gloved hand that sent each man to stand on either side of the door. “Yes, General. Right this way.” She’d brought them to keep the door secure, but that did not necessarily assuage his suspicion. When they entered the room, the desk where he expected to see the newly positioned General was empty. The door closed behind them, and Hux immediately turned to the Captain. “You’re sure about those two?” He asked, his head nudging towards the door. Captain Phasma’s helmet bobbled in a sharp nod. “I trust them with my own life. There are several of our soldiers still loyal to you, sir - though it’s difficult to say how much of that is due to the reconditioning program. We’ll have to be careful, going forward. But you have nothing to fear from these two.” He had to take Captain Phasma at her word: the Stormtroopers were more loyal to her than to both him and Snoke combined, and with good reason. She’d all but raised them herself into the unstoppable force of power they had become. She knew the names of every soldier under her direct command by heart, and each of their weaknesses and strengths. And by some miracle, she was on his side. He knew he wouldn’t have stood a chance at this rather dangerous plan without her. “And Mitaka?” Now inside, Hux dropped the formalities, and the sound of Mitaka’s name elicited a bang from under the empty desk. Both the General and Captain moved around to look underneath the mahogany wood surface, and found the great leader of the First Order hiding underneath it. He was holding a blaster in his hand, pointed directly at Hux once he’d appeared, and shaking so wildly he would have more chance of missing than getting a direct hit in, despite how close he was. He looked wilder than Hux remembered. It reminded him of someone. “Relax.” He assured Mitaka, holding his gloved hands up. “I haven’t come to kill you. Quite the opposite, in fact. If you’d kindly come sit with us, we’ll discuss the details, and no one has to clean up any unfortunate mess.” Mitaka looked unconvinced, but his hands had stopped shaking; perhaps because General Hux knew precisely the tone to use with this particular man to remind him of his place, and support him despite it. Hux kept his face rigid, fighting down the urge to smile every time Mitaka turned from him, to Captain Phasma, and back again. It was important, above all things, to offer Mitaka the same uncompromising persona he’d worn in all their time on the Finalizer together. Smiling, he admitted, was a fairly new occurrence. Ten, perhaps fifteen seconds passed, before Mitaka finally edged his way out of the desk and back to his feet, but the gun was still pointed at Hux’s chest. He moved to sit in the chair, and Hux gave him a doubtful wince, forcing the man to second guess his decision. Moments later, Mitaka stood back up again, and walked around to sit in one of the chairs on the opposite side of his desk. Breathlessly ousted, and admittedly relieved to be, he slumped down in it and almost let the blaster fall. When Hux moved to sit beside him, he realized he was leaving himself unguarded, and the blaster snapped up to follow Hux’s every move until he sat down. Hux turned the seat to face Mitaka, crossed his legs firmly, and placed his hands clasped against his knee. “I’ve been informed of your promotion, and rest assured, I know that you didn’t want this. We’ve worked together far too long, General Mitaka.” The respectable use of his rank had returned, offered like an olive branch. “You once confided in me personally that you hoped to remain at your station near infinitely. Something about spending more time working directly with Commander Ren, the way I did, seemed not to agree with you.” Now, he grinned. He couldn’t help himself, and he was relieved to see Mitaka’s reaction was simply to lower the weapon and breathe out a sigh of relief. “General.” He choked out. “I tried to turn down the promotion, but I was issued an order, and I thought - I thought the Supreme Leader wanted me to kill you because you were going to rebel. He even made the suggestion himself, that you’d come here to - “ He gestured loosely at the blaster. “I don’t know what to believe anymore. Why is this happening? Why would he put me in charge of the entire First Order at it’s most vulnerable moment? The reports keep coming in. Anarchy, riot, there’s only so much the Captain can do to quell the unrest, and I’m supposed to - what? What?!” The shaking was back, and General Hux tried not to laugh as a thought bubbled unbidden from his mind; he wondered if he should have brought Rey to comfort the ball of nerves in front of him, the way it seemed only she had the power to do. Instead, he lifted his hand and patted Mitaka’s shoulder, which almost had the man raising the blaster again before he checked himself. “What’s happening is that we’ve been lied to. Our leadership has not shared our goals for galactic order for quite some time. What I’m saying is blasphemy, and you know that. But it’s the truth.” He took a deep breath, and leaned back in his chair. “Supreme Leader Snoke has been using the front of the First Order for his own private, meaningless needs. Not once has he ever actually cared about our cause. His power, as nearly unlimited as it is, has kept us all under his thumb this entire time. But no longer.” “General, you can’t mean to oppose him.” Mitaka choked out, unable to believe what he was hearing. His eyes flickered around the room, as if he expected the Supreme Leader to appear from out of thin air and obliterate Hux where he sat. “There’s not a force in this galaxy that can do that.” “I beg to differ.” Hux replied, digging through his greatcoat for his cigarettes. This conversation was tensing him just as much as it was horrifying Mitaka - he wasn’t blind enough to presume he wasn’t putting himself in grave danger merely by talking about it. “The very force his power has created, led by the man he himself has apprenticed, could manage it quite nicely. And if not - I believe there may be more help on the horizon for us, eventually.” Mitaka fell silent as the cigarette was lit, and raised to Hux’s mouth. A variety of possible allies might have come to mind if the First Order hadn’t just destroyed the Republic in one stroke, but now there was little in the way of strong offensive forces that could be called upon, except - He paled, his stomach flipping in disgust. “You can’t be serious.” Hux blew a long trail of smoke up into the air, watching it curl with great interest. “I’m always serious.” He assured Mitaka, his eyes returning to meet the other General’s. “I’ve already recruited one, willing to be a negotiator for this unlikely - albeit temporary - alliance. That’s two Force users on our side, now. Believe me, General - I’ve weighed our chances of success. If I wasn’t confident in them, I would have found another way around the issue.” Smoke burned as it filled his lungs when he took another long, satisfying drag, and the smoke was only released with his next words. “I always play the odds.” Mitaka couldn’t accept his words without some measure of speculation, but General Hux’s confidence held a power that Snoke never truly appreciated. It won the man over in degrees, each measure slowly building what little trust he could muster. Eventually, he knew what side he wanted to be on when this drastic, terrifying new coup began. “What do you need of me?” “Actually, you’ve already done exactly what I needed. You’ve delayed your speech to the troops until tomorrow morning. All that’s left is for me to write it, and for us to deliver it.” Mitaka’s face turned pale again - Hux was so used to that expression by now, that it barely registered. “Us?” He whispered, hoping he’d heard wrong. “Well.” Hux breathed out through a cloud of smoke and a smile. “Mostly me.” His assurance was exactly what Mitaka was hoping to hear, but that did not make the time they were about to spend together any easier. Giving the speech was going to be the easy part. Now, before any of that, the three in the room had to actually write the damn thing. And they only had one night to do it. Hux had dealt with worse deadlines in his career. And this time, he wasn’t alone. He stood up from his seat, moved to get behind Mitaka’s desk and adjust the controls of the screen built into it, and put his cigarette out on the armrest of the chair. “Let’s begin.” He’d lost track of time, but Mitaka and then Phasma had long since left to get some sleep far before Hux had actually given up on revising the speech for the mornings rally. When he finally shut the screen down and rubbed his tired eyes, he realized he only had a few hours for any real attempt at rest before he would have to get back up and prepare for the day. This meant little to him - he knew he could simply skip sleep altogether, though the idea of standing on the main platform of the Finalizer with exhaustion in his eyes felt counterproductive to the role he was trying to play. He knew a few hours would be more than enough for him, so he left Mitaka’s office and headed back towards the private quarters. Ren would want an update on the proceedings, he reminded himself. And he wanted to know if Snoke had contacted him. Both of these excuses were enough to veer Hux right, instead of left, and use his override on the pad in order to enter the room. He knocked on an already open door, and received no answer. It wasn’t hard to tell why. After he closed the door behind him, he turned to find the two of them curled up against one another on the Commander’s bed, like two children having collapsed in the middle of a sleepover. He stood in front of the bed and observed them for a moment in wonder, pleasantly surprised to see that not only had they not killed one another, but apparently were comfortable enough in each other's presence to fall asleep. That was a luxury he did not share, but that made it all the more important that they did. Rey looked so small, too young against the dark wall of chest she was pressed against. Ren’s arm nearly engulfed her, with a protective nature that had somehow managed to transcend the subconscious. He kept her safe, even when he wasn’t awake to do so. It was a little absurd, really. The memory of Ren’s admission to what his visions had once seen returned, unwanted, to haunt Hux’s mind. He saw a very clear cut fate between the two of them, laid out in the curl of her hand around Ren’s chest, and the lack of space between their tightly knit bodies. This was what Ren must have seen, in his vision. It only made sense, then, that Hux’s presence in her life was confusing the man. Hux, who’d held her when she needed it so many times. Hux, who felt her falling asleep in his arms, and carried her back to her bed that night. Ren had seen all of this with him in Hux’s place, once. Hux was vaguely surprised he hadn’t already killed him for ruining that possibility. But fate had a way of setting itself right, in the end. He breathed in a sharp, bracing sigh, and held his hands behind his back. The sound of it had Rey’s eyes fluttering open, and he should have known he’d stood by and watched them for too long to be safe. He pressed his finger to his lips, bidding her to ignore him and fall back asleep. She refused, as stubborn as ever; and instead of closing her eyes again, she uncurled her hand from Ren’s chest, and held it out for him. He stared at her outstretched hand for a moment, and his mind attempted to follow every path that direction would take to it’s final end. In the end, he took it, but refused to let her pull him towards them. When she tried, he let go and shook his head. As tempting as the offer was, he knew he would never be able to sleep unless he was alone. He had the choice to spend the last few hours before the rally curled up against them both, or to actually go and get some sleep. He chose sleep, because interrupting the two of them with his presence now was sure to garner Ren’s wrath in the morning, and facing the ‘troopers with injury was the last thing he needed. She closed her eyes again, and he marked the frown that tugged her lips down with amusement. Petulant child, she wanted it all. It was not enough to have tamed the beast into submission. She’d gone too long without affection to be denied it as often as possible, now. With careful, quiet steps, he left the two of them to sleep for as long as they could, before the new day could come and change them all. But when he closed the door behind him and felt a unique ache in his chest, he realized that day had come and gone for him. Too late, he told himself, to find a new path now. Notes: So yeah wowww my sleep schedule was hilarious this past week, I would sleep for three hours in the middle of the day, wake up at 4pm, go to bed at 8, wake up at 1, go to sleep at 9am, wake up at 2... like there was no logic to it. NONE. I think I have it under control again, I just hope that doesn't happen again anytime soon because what a hellish week that was. XD ANYWAY TL;DR SORRY FOR THE WAIT AND HOPE YOU ENJOYED THE CHAPTER. I promised a Kylo hug and I think I delivered. Also angst and very slow plot moving. Have a great weekend you guys! I LOVE YOU AND I LOVE YOUR COMMENTS THEY ARE SO OVERWHELMING AND INSPIRING T_T THANK YOU!! Chapter 22 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) An abrasive knock jolted them both awake, startled enough to send their heartbeats racing. Rey’s head lifted in confusion, but when she met the equally dazed eyes of the man she’d been sleeping on, they both seemed to reel backwards from surprise. She had more room to move, and managed to tumble onto her back as she moved away from him. “Sorry.” She whispered, feeling the sticky taste of sleep in her mouth. Her right hand felt numb and tingly as though it’d been slept on, or some foreign weight had held it down. She shook the feel of it out and yawned - had they actually gotten a full night’s sleep? She felt like she was still exhausted. Kylo hadn’t moved after backing away from her, and in the darkness of his quarters, she couldn’t really see his face. His chest was still rising with quickened breaths, and his heart had yet to stop racing from how quickly they’d woken up. His arm burned where she’d once lain, inexplicably sensitive. He clenched his fist, over and over, in the hopes of wearing the feeling out. Rey moved further down to the bottom of the bed, and then she dropped, tilting bonelessly until she was lying on her side against the edge of it. For a moment he thought she was just going back to sleep, until she groaned up at him unhappily. “What time is it?” He had no idea. When the lights turned on a moment later, and the General walked into the room with a tray of smoking hot caf and small biscuits, she found her answer; it was time to get up, and start the day. She grabbed the edge of Kylo’s bedsheet, wrapped it around herself, and burrowed down until she was nothing but a tiny, groaning lump on the bed. Typically, Rey was a morning person, but not this time. This was a day she did not want to begin. “Charming.” General Hux purred out, bringing a cup over to Kylo and handing it to him by the handle. “And I even let you both sleep in. Serves me right for thinking anything is ever enough for the two of you.” “ I’m fine.” Kylo snapped out, the bitter sharpness in his voice betraying him. The caf in his hand was heavily creamed, with four sugars; his preference. He didn’t remember ever informing the General of that, but he couldn’t imagine it was top secret information around the base. He wouldn’t be surprised if the General knew exactly how everyone liked their caf. “You have half an hour to get freshened up before we’re scheduled out on the main platform. Mitaka’s address is scheduled to be broadcast to the entirety of the First Order; including those on other bases. They’ll be receiving us, instead.” Rey unfurled from her blanket and blinked wide-awake eyes at Hux, but it was Kylo who spoke first. “And what, exactly, are we going to tell them?” “Not we. You will be doing your best to look like you can kill people through holovids. And you ,” He added, handing Rey the last cup. “-will remain in this room until this whole matter is sorted out.” He could see the exact moment Rey was rearing up to protest, and when her lips parted to get her complaint out, he used the opportunity and dropped a biscuit on her tongue. It was soft and buttery, and it melted the moment it touched, effectively distracting her with the taste of it. “What are you going to say, then?” Kylo amended, nursing his drink with a sneer. “We’ve worked something out between the three of us - Phasma, Mitaka, and myself - that will hopefully turn the tide of loyalty in our favor. Of course, that means I’m about to attempt to turn the entirety of the First Order against our venerable Supreme Leader, your master. If you have any objections to this, speak up now.” Hux brought his caf to his lips, sipping it smugly. If he’d really thought Kylo would object, they wouldn’t have gotten this far together. So when Kylo shook his head, Hux did not look surprised, or even pleased. This was simply the next logical step in the path he’d carved. Collecting on a fallen knight. “He’s made his intentions clear. I’m not his, anymore.” And oh, how Hux longed to claim that Kylo was his , now. The words almost floated to the surface of his mind, and he carefully locked them back up where no Force user could pluck them from his thoughts. “You shouldn’t have been anyone’s, let alone his , to begin with. But it’s better late than never, mm?” He was being careful, and by the look on Kylo’s expression, it was the right choice. Something about the way the man was looking at his own image mirrored hazily in his caf, as though finally proud to glare into his own eyes for once, seemed promising. “He won’t be overturned that easily.” “You call any of this easy ?” Hux scoffed, putting his cup down and adjusting his tight collar. “I feel vaguely insulted.” He didn’t. When Hux stood, Rey began to sit up, and the protests were barely on the tip of her tongue when he pressed a finger to his lips. “You are a Resistance spy, as far as anyone on this ship knows. Today is the day the entire First Order must see us as strong, loyal leadership, if they are going to continue to follow our command. You must find the patience to wait until after we are triumphant in this transfer of power, before integrating your delicate role as mediator. Can you do that for me, Rey?” His finger left her lips, and joined his thumb in brushing the line of her jaw to gently cup her chin. “You can be patient, can’t you?” She wanted to object, but there was no denying how bad it would look if Hux tried to turn the First Order against Snoke with a former Resistance member at his side. She sat back on her haunches with a pout, leaving his hand empty. “Good girl.” Hux murmured, in a voice so gentle it had her staring down at her cup of caf if only to keep from looking at him. “And now you only have twenty minutes.” Hux warned Kylo, as he sat there in silence, watching Hux lull Rey into compliance with his soft words and gentle touches. The reminder set him in motion, lurching up out of the bed to put the caf down and head for the refresher. He disappeared into it, leaving Hux to sit back down in front of Rey and enjoy their morning caf in comfortable silence. Or so he thought. “You found us, last night.” She barely mouthed over the rim of her cup. “Didn’t you? That was real, wasn’t it?” He briefly considered letting her assume she was dreaming of his presence, before deciding against the lie. “Just for a moment, but yes. I didn’t mean to disturb you.” She looked like she wanted to say something very badly, and the expression worried at him just enough to continue to speak before she could admit something she couldn’t take back. “It’s a relief to see that the two of you managed to find some sort of peace around each other. After all, the three of us are going to be working together more often than not - but especially you two. I’ve worried over that, at times. Seeing that you’re comfortable in his presence alleviates that worry extensively.” She bit her lower lip, swallowing whatever words she’d been about to say. Instead, she latched on to his train of thought. “That might be overstating it a bit. I don’t remember falling asleep. But you’re right - it’s easier to tolerate his presence, now.” Hux rose a single eyebrow, and tried not to smile. “Just tolerate?” He questioned, bringing the cup to his lips to hide the amusement threatening its way onto his expression. She caught the implication. He expected disgust, or anger. Instead she gave him utter confusion, and something about the way her eyes were trained on his cup made him nervous. She was one of the few people who had that ability, among other things. Then he realized why he felt that thrill of anxiety. Whatever she’d thought to say a few moments ago, despite being derailed, was looping around for another attempt. He’d failed to stifle the curiosity that gnawed at her, and his mind scrambled for some kind of diversion to keep her from straying too far. He wished Ren would return from the shower, already. That would have managed to keep her from asking the questions that were already forming on her lips. “Why didn’t you stay?” His cup was still pressed on his lips when she asked it, but he’d stopped drinking long ago. Instinct warned him to treat it all with the vague nonchalance of someone who had no idea what she was implying. It was always safer, that way. Smarter. She would never have known any better. He put down the cup, folded his hands in front of him, and looked down at the digits clasped against one another. When he finally spoke, his voice sounded foreign to even himself. The sound of honesty wasn’t as charming and charismatic as his typical conversational voice. “I don’t sleep with others.” He found he didn’t mind admitting this, though his eyes remained on his hands. “It’s not comfortable. If I mean to sleep, I do it alone. The comfort you found in one another’s arms is unique and I cannot share it.” There. In the absence of denial, he’d admitted as much as he could. That he would have taken her hand, and curled up on the bed beside them, if he thought sleep would ever have come. That he would have allowed the warmth and comfort they provided each other in a cold, cruel world to be his own, as well. He needn’t say as much, to admit it. All he’d had to do was tell the truth about why he’d declined her. But the truth came at a heavy cost, and his shoulders sagged with the weight of its toll. “I’m serious when I say that it’s a relief you are more comfortable around him, now. It’s important to me, you see. That you don’t feel alone.” Because for all of the gentle touches, the comforting hugs and pats on the head, the dance lessons and the laughter and the kisses against the back of her hand - for all of this, he still knew that there was nothing substantial he had to give that would permanently ground her. She needed to feel the stability of a force beyond the superficial, reminding her that this was where she belonged. Ren’s bond was that force. He would ground her. He waited for some sort of confirmation that she understood, but the words never came. Instead, he heard the hushed shift of fabric and the muffled creak of Ren’s bed when she crawled off of it. His line of view was obstructed by smaller hands trying to wrap around his own clenched ones, and dark fingers attempting to pry them apart with the deft skill of a scavenger, searching for the weak points in order to slide and separate and take them for her own. She had his hands at her mercy, holding them both like they were hers to claim, and suddenly her head was ducking under to try and meet his eyes. She looked almost comical, perched awkwardly below him with her neck arched up. He lifted his gaze to put her out of her misery, and she followed with a thankful smile. “I already knew that.” She told him, which made no sense in the context of the silence they’d just shared. He couldn’t remember the last thing he’d said before she’d stolen his hands and his gaze and his breath. So he shook his head, pursing his lips in confusion. “I knew it was important to you. To make sure I didn’t feel alone. That’s what you’ve been doing, this whole time. Even though it’s not really your thing, you keep stepping out of your comfort zone to make me feel like I can do this, I can survive here as long as I have someone making me smile. And you know what? You did it. I’m here, aren’t I? I’m going to try my hardest even though I’m galaxies away from some of the people who care about me, because you keep reminding me that they’re not all so very far away. You did that, General.” That was his goal, from the moment he’d laid eyes on her, but hearing her confirm that she was comforted by his efforts took his breath away. He didn’t know why. It simply meant more to be affirmed so effortlessly. His lips tilted in a crooked smile, and he briefly closed his eyes as he nodded his head in silent thanks. “It’s okay if you can’t sleep around other people. It’s not really proper anyway, last night was a fluke. There’s no way I’m getting caught like that again.” Hux recalled, however briefly, how many times Rey had already been caught falling asleep around them. His thoughts lingered on the night she’d curled up into his arm, and he’d carried her back to her bedroom. She was promising herself that she was never going to fall asleep in the same vicinity as either man again, but some part of him knew that promise was a lie. She was too easily comforted by the warmth of a trusted body beside her, and the gentle hands of someone who thought she was worth protecting. She’d probably fall asleep around them many more times, in the future. He did not make mention of it. “Was it really so bad?” Hux asked her, his grin turning sly with amusement. “Is he uncomfortable?” “Absolutely.” She lifted one of her hands and continued to clench it. “I almost lost a hand because I think he was leaning on it!” He chuckled as he reached out to capture the clenching hand, turning it palm upwards and inspecting it for phantom damage with an expert press of his fingertips. His thumb rubbed along the palm from the meat of it to the edges of her fingers, following along the lines running across her skin. “I should have known.” Hux muttered, so absorbed in the act of massaging her hand that he’d failed to notice Rey’s chest fall still, or her skin flush with color. “He’s not much more than a walking wall. You’d be better off sleeping in your own bed, after all.” His fingers stilled when he finally flickered a brief glance upward, and then returned a second time to linger on her reddening features. His hand flinched away, leaving her palm empty and exposed in front of him. “Ah.” His voice was mottled; even he could hear the catch in his throat. “Sorry.” There was a beat before her chest rose and fell again, sucking in a needy breath. “For what?” That was a very good question. A throat cleared behind him, and his back went rigid. Rey did not seem to react to Ren’s return, other than to pinch her nose up and frown. She knew his return signalled their departure, but she lingered where she was, with one hand wrapped around his and the other resting palm up against his knee. “It’s time.” Ren told him, quiet and strangely reverent. Hux released Rey’s hand by pulling away, and reached out to help her up while simultaneously standing. He patted the sides of her arms, and gave her a knowing smile. “And so it is.” He breathed out in a soft laugh, turning to take his greatcoat off of the chair it was hanging on and wrap it around his shoulders. He turned to her, and she watched the slow transition from the man who held her hands to the General who commanded the First Order. He was all hard lines and crisp glares, by the time he was done, and she realized, perhaps for the first time, and perhaps with a little too much relief, that their return to the ship hadn’t really changed him back into that man at all. He was just an extremely good actor. “You will remain in these quarters until Ren or myself come to fetch you. This is an order, Rey.” She bit her lower lip, and nodded without a word. He could tell she was trying not to smile. He had half a mind to be cross with her for refusing to take him seriously now that she looked at him with a gaze powerful enough to penetrate his defenses. He thought he could manage to be angry with her later about it, if he survived the day. With a sharp nod, he swiveled and left the room, confident that Ren would follow. He heard the telltale thumps of a man stomping too hard on each step behind him, and then beside him, until black clouded his vision when he turned to look Ren’s way. “Mitaka and I will speak. You gauge the crowd before us. If it comes down to a rebellion, then this plan will not work, and you have a new order to follow.” Ren’s steps slowed, barely keeping up with the General as he listened in silence. “My ship has been refueled and restocked. Return to the room, get the girl, and get off this ship. I assume your little magic tricks can manage to deal with whatever any fighting forces throw at you, so please do me a favor and don’t be a total disappointment.” Ren’s hand clamped down on the General’s arm, halting his quick steps and swiveling him around to face him fully. Hux glared down at the arm, and the crumpled wrinkles his hands were causing on his sleeve, forcing a hissed out ‘How dare-’ to escape his mouth before Ren could even say a word. “I thought you said this would work. What’s all this?” “Contingency plans, you moron.” Hux was still reaching up to try and pry Ren’s iron grip off of his arm, even as he tried to explain. “This will work. In the case that it doesn’t, which is slim at best, I will be assassinated on that platform and it is your duty to - “ “You will not .” Ren ignored the clawing hands trying to pull him off, his grip only tightening at the mention of an assassination. If Hux dared to look up at his eyes, he would have seen how wide, how feral they’d become. But he refused - perhaps because there was a part of him that simply knew Ren would over-react this way. “No one’s going to hurt you.” Ren’s words sounded like they were already coated in the blood of someone who dared try, but Hux continued to ignore the man’s descent into villainy as he finally found a grip on the fingers and pried them off, one by one. “That is the optimal scenario, I admit. I’m merely prepared for every option. Unlike you, Ren, I think ahead. Fully. And I’m not opposed to you foiling any supposed assassination attempt, but should it ever come down to saving me, or getting her out of here, you will choose her. You will. ” His eyes finally lifted to meet Ren’s, and his blood chilled when he saw just how violent that gaze had become. Hux lifted his chin, and met the face of death with his own determination, regardless of how his chest constricted in fear. “Is that clear?” “You said you’d help me.” It was a whisper, too quiet for Hux to hear, and he assumed Ren was simply being petulant again. “What was that?” Hux snapped back, tired of the time wasted on this conversation, in this hallway, with this man. Tired of all of it. Ren glared up at him for one brief moment, and Hux read every flash of hurt and betrayal in his eyes. Ren had caught that particular thought, as unfortunate as it was, and it was enough to quiet whatever flames had been fueling his actions, until he was left cold and empty once more. Hux exhaled, feeling the sting of regret clench his heart in a way that he just knew the man in front of him could feel. So he said nothing, and turned back to walking towards the lift, visibly shaken by the conversation. Or more accurately, shaken by what was being left unsaid, as always. Ren followed him in silence, turning in to stand beside him in the lift. When the doors slid shut in front of them, Hux felt the world-shattering brush of long fingers twitching beside his hand, searching until they’d caught on his own. Out of instinct his head started to turn, but he only twitched an inch before he caught himself and kept his eyes straight ahead. “Is there something you mean to do with that hand, Ren?” Hux asked, half-way between bewildered and amused. He could feel Ren’s sudden withdrawal, the moment he’d questioned the action, and he was careful not to allow himself to feel regret. “You don’t mind when Rey does it.” Ren breathed out, in near tantrum levels of petulance. Could Hux really be so surprised that Ren had just begun to realize his needs and Rey’s weren’t as different as he’d once thought? Despite this being somehow completely rational, he was. He couldn’t reason the nightmarish Knight of Ren as someone who might, even now, simply need a hand to hold. And he’d been given so many clues, that he felt hollow with his own failure at having never noticed it. The moment Ren had gripped him in his embrace and used his control, he should have known. He should have suspected something. He did, a voice in the back of his head informed him. It was simply too dangerous to admit that he wanted to be the one to offer it, too. With an over-exaggerated sigh of exasperation, Hux reached out to grasp the now clenched fist beside him, unraveling Ren’s hand just enough to intertwine their fingers. The lift ride was a safe place, and long enough to give them what few moments they dared. He brought Ren’s hand up to his chest, and patted his other hand around it until it was safe, and secure, in the cup of both Hux’s hands. “No one’s going to hurt you.” Ren repeated, though his voice was less feral this time, and much more resolved. “Fine. Fine. No one’s going to hurt me. Ren the all powerful is going to take on the entire First Order army, should they come for my head. I believe you. Will you relax, now?” “I could.” Ren muttered, the childishness back in his deep, dark voice. The lift was nearing their destination, so Hux released Ren’s hand and placed it back against his side. “I would.” It was foolish for Hux to believe the first. It felt terrifying for him to believe the second. But this was what he’d wanted, this entire time, he reminded himself. The most powerful Force users in the galaxy, sworn to protect him. He should have been thrilled. When the lift doors opened and he began the long walk through the ranks of Stormtroopers stationed on the platform, all he felt was sick to his stomach. It helped, surprisingly, to school his face back into it’s typical scowl. Being vaguely nauseous was working in his favor, even if he felt like he was crumbling from the inside out. His gait was confident, and the Knight beside him had returned to being a wraith of anger and disgust, his fists now tightly clenched as if they were constantly ready to crush someone’s throat. They walked through the ranks of the ‘troopers who resided on the Finalizer, down an exceedingly long distance until they finally reached the platform. Mitaka was already waiting, fidgeting with his hat. Behind him, like a chrome statue, stood a fully armed Phasma. It seemed like he wasn’t the only one preparing contingency plans that day. They’d barely climbed up the stairs to the platform before someone was informing General Mitaka that the broadcast was going live in one minute. The masses before them were only one ship’s worth of crew; but the entirety of the First Order would see this transmission. Every single one would know. “Are you ready, General?” Mitaka asked, despite the fact that he himself looked about ready to throw up. Hux found relief in Mitaka’s unease, and patted the other General’s shoulder while lifting up a half-hearted smile. “None of us are ready for this. But we’ll do it, just the same.” He could see the sigh lift Mitaka’s shoulders, and the pale man’s face broke out in a nervous smile. “Good luck, sir.” He offered. “And to you.” Hux replied, letting him go to take the forefront of the platform. He was the commanding officer - it was his duty to begin. Mitaka wasn’t prepared to change history, that day. Hux thought he never would be. But just as he’d told the man, he’d do it just the same. One way or another. A call pierced the air, mechanical and sharp, as squad leaders called for attention and were responded to with the echoing cracks of thousands of men in plastoid shells turning rigid attention to the platform. It was all the signal they would receive, but Mitaka still looked back at the General as if to wait for some sort of further confirmation that it was time to speak. He received it in a sharp, understated nod. His part was so simple, yet he stuttered through it regardless. The entirety of the First Order was unaware that any changes had even taken place - save for those on the Finalizer that were privy to General Mitaka’s current promotion. To the rest, this would seem like nothing more than an introduction before the only man who held the rights to speak to an entire nation of soldiers would take his place in the spotlight. General Mitaka fumbled as he tried to remember the exact words Hux had laid out for him, the night before. The confidence he had for the infrastructure that remained standing even after their catastrophic loss. His acquiescence to the judgement of General Hux. The call for attention, urgent and somewhat agitated, to a new adjustment. And that was all he’d been given, simple and vague, before he was meant to turn back to Hux. When the General realized Mitaka was not turning, he felt the ice of anxiety run through his veins. “This isn’t going to be easy to hear.” Mitaka started, and Hux chanced a single, dangerous glance at Ren beside him. Ren had no idea this wasn’t in the plan until he caught the look in Hux’s eyes, and turned them to narrow dangerously at Mitaka. Was this a betrayal? It would be perfectly timed, if so - but Hux found himself devoid of the necessary faith involved in believing that Mitaka could be so clever. “But please, if I can ask for anything, it’s that you heed everything you’re about to hear. Our future depends on it.” He wasn’t clever enough to stage his own betrayal, but Hux still found himself surprised to find that Mitaka was boldly speaking from his heart at a time when he’d been so wracked with nervous energy already. It took more courage than a coup itself, to expose his true feelings so publically. Hux idly wondered what that felt like. It was just a passing thought. Beside him, he felt Ren turn rigid and cold. Something had changed, with Mitaka’s words. Something had cracked, and Hux knew exactly why that was affecting the man beside him. Mitaka had just exposed himself as a traitor to Snoke, and there was no way the Supreme Leader hadn’t seen this message hidden in his words. He may have known this was the plan all along, but it was Mitaka’s heartfelt plea that stirred the Supreme Leader into action - and Ren could feel it, from the moment it began. They were running out of time. General Hux took the main platform, after General Mitaka stepped off of it. It rose at his step, lifting him several feet upward before it stopped. He had so much to say. And so little time left to say it. Any moment, he could simply keel over, dead. Ren promised he wouldn’t let anyone hurt him, but did that offer really extend to Snoke? Hux doubted he alone had the power. Despite how long he’d worked on his speech the night before, it was time for some last minute revisions. He absolutely hated that. “Today.” His crisp voice traveled, artificially augmented from the moment he’d been raised. The word was punctuated in the silence that followed it, left to drift off and disappear into its own echoes. “You will hear no stirring speeches of propaganda. You will not be forced to endure the synthetic pull of loyalty that your training has forced upon you. This will be a day unlike any we have ever experienced. Unlike any we have ever been free to express. Today is the first day that this nation will come together as one, not to fight our enemies, but to mourn. And to seek the truth behind our tragedy.” They were words the First Order had never heard in their entire lives. Stormtroopers were not given the freedom to mourn; not now, and not since before the Empire. Their deaths were not meant to be thought of as losses, but as commodities, and the reconditioning program had done well to train these men and women to think of themselves as weapons, instead of people. Or so he’d once thought, before the deserter; before seeing a squadron of them ready to fire on him out of boiled over revenge. He’d long since accepted the failures of the reconditioning program. This was the first step to repairing the damage that his father’s legacy had left behind. “This - is an unprecedented moment in our history, and one I am fully prepared to realize. All of you, the entirety of the First Order, deserve the chance to mourn our tremendous loss. And you deserve to know the truth about why this day has come at all. ” His voice had begun to raise, out of sheer terrorizing anger. It was here, at this critical point, that the calmness fell away and gave rise to something too ferocious to be ignored. He screamed with the passion of a man who’s lost everything; because he has, and so have they. Their agony, their pain, threaded convincingly through his voice. “Our might has been on the cusp of victory for some time, and yet - here we are, crippled by an unknown factor, and bleeding from a wound that will not heal. Our brave brothers and sisters have died - not for the First Order, but for one man , whose ultimate goals have never once paralleled our own. Together, we have struck down our greatest enemy in a single stroke, and yet, while the ashes of the fallen Republic still burned, we were betrayed by the hubris of the Supreme Leader. The selfish, singular whims of a madman have led our great power to ruin, and I will not let the First Order continue to burn blindly at his feet.” He felt it, now. The hushed shifting of discord, coming from men who’d been trained since birth to hide their emotions. He knew what he was saying was the most treacherous blasphemy known to the First Order, and the dangerous thrill of it had him soaring with light-headedness. Everything in their training must have been screaming to shoot him down where he stood. But he was still alive. Still breathing. Still talking. As far as he was concerned, this hesitance was as good as a victory. “Today, I stand before you, but I will not command you to follow me into this new era. I will not demand your blind faith any longer. Now, I ask you, members of the First Order, to remember those we have lost, and assure that their lives were not spent in vain. No longer will we look to the unknown for our path. We were created to bring justice and peace to this galaxy, not to entertain the whims of a leader who has lied to us from the very beginning, who uses our great strength as nothing more than a powerful distraction. I will not stand to let the memory of the fallen be disrespected any longer . Our brothers and sisters have given their lives for the glory of the First Order. I stand before you, and I ask you, help me assure that glory remains, and we will conquer this galaxy together, as one. Join me in restoring the First Order to it’s rightful path, and know that all who fall in our march will live on in our victory, forever!” The sound of the silence following his final words stung, ringing in his ears painfully. There was no collected yell, no perfectly choreographed call of agreement from masses of men whose minds were only partially their own. Just silence. A deep, mourning silence. And then a blaster shot. He wished he hadn’t flinched, but the truth was that he’d only half expected it. Whether or not Kylo Ren thought he was powerful enough to protect him from assassination really didn’t matter, when it came to that moment. Hux knew that an attempt was just as bad as a success, when it came down to it. So his face pinched when he heard the sound, in an instinctive, angry flinch. But the blaster shot wasn’t aimed at him, nor was it alone. Within seconds, every single weapon was being discharged into the air, firing repeatedly until there was a thick fog of smoke beginning to choke the platform and everything just above it. Accompanying the firing was a belated, but no less chilling bellow of thousands upon thousands of men and women screaming at the top of their lungs - not cheering, exactly, but expressing every pent up emotion all at once in a terrifying wail that spoke of mourning and determination in equal parts. There was so much in all of them that ached to be set free, and although General Hux had been confident in his speech, he’d never really counted on just how desperately they had needed to hear it. He inferred, with no small measure of satisfaction, that he’d underestimated just how ineffective his father’s reconditioning program really was, and how easily that would now work in his favor. He would lead, not by force, but by loyalty - a severely underestimated tactic, in his opinion. Despite their tremendous losses, and sudden change in leadership - Hux wagered that the First Order had just become twice as dangerous of a galactic power than it had ever been, before. And it was his. All of it. The platform lowered as he lifted his blaster from its sheath under his greatcoat, and pointed it up, firing it indiscriminately in order to join in the thunderous memorial, sealing himself as their herald into this new rebirth. He imagined each shot sinking deep into the heart of the decrepit body of their former Supreme Leader, and bit back a grin as he replaced his blaster at his side and filed through the ranks of still firing ‘troopers, with Ren and Mitaka at either side of him. Captain Phasma was close behind, but she’d given them a wide berth - because she’d joined in on the firing early on, and hadn’t stopped even as she walked. General Hux could hear her powerful voice even now, roaring with pride behind them. He’d never heard the Captain exhibit that much emotion in his life. It was exhilarating . None of them spoke until they had left the main platform, and the sound of gunfire was a distant, muffled rumble. He could feel it still, under his boots. Even now, they could not be contained. “Not that I’m complaining, but all that work last night - what happened?” Mitaka sounded breathless, vibrating with a mixture of fear and excitement. “I could have sworn you had so much more written.” Hux flickered his gaze to Ren for a moment, before daring to answer. “Snoke happened. Your introduction spurred him into action. We had far less time than we’d hoped for, but.” He waved his hands idly across his body as silent indication that he was still alive. “How long until we should expect a visit from our benevolent Supreme Leader, Commander Ren?” Ren looked distant, his brows furrowed in dark confusion. “He was almost here. Seconds away from docking, I’d guess. And then the shooting started - I’m not sure what happened - his ship never docked. He isn’t coming - “ Hux’s breath left him in a shuddered exhale at Ren’s choppy, confused details. He alone understood exactly what had occurred. That Snoke had attempted to board before the speech was over - and failed. The ‘troopers reactions were enough to stave off any immediate assassination attempts. Now, killing him would have only made him a martyr to the cause. He closed his eyes for a moment, and willed himself to breathe. “Captain.” He barely managed. “Oversee preparations for the reconditioning changes with the General. Implement them immediately. I want these soldiers to know we’re not just blowing hot air at them.” Phasma straightened, nodding her head firmly in agreement. “Sir.” She answered, turning to leave immediately with Mitaka on her tail. The man still hardly looked like a General - but he’d have to learn to find the strength for the role, and soon. Hux couldn’t be bothered to spare a thought for it, now. He was barely able to contain the flush of satisfaction that he chased like a high, stuttering his breaths to staccatos as he stormed into the lift. He swiveled and faced the black cloth of a Knight - his Knight, now - and stared at Ren’s back as the doors hissed shut and the lift jolted with movement back up towards the quarters. He stood there for at least a handful of seconds, glaring hotly at the black wall in front of him, before he shoved Ren out of the way and slammed the meat of his palm against the emergency stop. It all boiled over; his flush of victory, his brush with impending death, the fact that he’d all but run Supreme Leader Snoke off . The sound of blasters firing still echoed in his head like fireworks, bursting repeatedly inside of him until the smoke of it choked his throat and he couldn’t breathe until he was allowed to release, himself. He rounded on the other man in the elevator, and saw it all reflected in his eyes. Ren had never felt anything like what Hux was forcing on him now, and it flushed his skin attractively in splotches along his cheeks. Victory looked damn good on him. Hux grabbed each of those cheeks in his hands, pressing down so hard they turned the skin underneath them white, and his nails dug lightly as he forced Ren down against him, until their lips clashed hard and overheated skin burned against his lips. It was rough and felt more like fighting than kissing, because he took what he wanted and refused to give anything back. His teeth snapped out against the meat of Ren’s lower lip and he tugged, pulling it out until he heard an angry growl and pressed his lips against the tender skin to kiss the pain away. He arched his head just enough to look up at Ren’s flushed, flustered face, and smirked in absolute triumph. “I think I rather deserved that.” Hux informed Ren smugly, as his hands fell away from those reddened cheeks. He really should have expected the hard snap of Ren’s fingers around his wrists, binding him from moving more than an inch away from where his hands had been. He should have, but he hadn’t - and all the smug satisfaction drained from his face as the mirror of his own emotions broke. All he saw in Ren’s face now was a very dark, feral hunger. These were no longer the haunted reflections of his own emotions. He’d inspired something very different in Ren, and he watched that inspiration turn into desire. Not quite his intention, but not necessarily unwanted. Ren’s movements were unnaturally quick, as was to be expected from a Force user. He slammed Hux into the opposite side of the lift, and pinned Hux’s wrists up over his head. The General had been riding a wave of superiority and control a moment ago, and Ren had managed to tear down every inch of it in one swift move. It elicited a sneer that expired mere seconds from its birth, as Ren descended on him and stole more than just a kiss from his lips. He briefly noted how soft and wide Ren’s lips were, as they forced his own to part and accept a demanding, exploring tongue. Then he noted nothing at all, as the world whited out in pleasure and the sound of distant, helpless moans. Ren was already grinding his body lewdly against Hux’s slender form like an unhinged animal by the time the emergency stop was remotely switched off, and the lift stuttered back to life under their feet. Hux took advantage of the element of surprise, and shoved Ren off of him. He dropped his arms and rubbed the sore redness on his wrists, as he stood there and desperately tried to catch his breath. His eyes were blown wide with desire, glaring angrily at the heavily breathing man across from him. He dared not say a word now, knowing full well Ren would come for him, just for the chance to steal any sound from his lips. The lift bounced as it arrived on their level, and the doors hissed open behind Hux. He swiveled, exiting just a little too quickly to look anything but desperate. “Send my regards to our guest, and let her know the good news while you’re at it, won’t you Commander?” Hux called out, refusing to so much as turn as he folded his hands behind his back and walked away. The sound of Ren’s voice made his heart stutter, and he cursed internally when he felt it - but then he caught wind of what the man was saying , and suddenly it was all worth it. “As you wish, Admiral.” Hux paused his step. He’d just addressed the entirety of the First Order - not just the crew of the Finalizer, who stood in front of him. Ships across the galaxy, listening to his every word. There was no confirmation yet if all of these ships had responded in the same positive manner as the Finalizer’s crew, but if they had, then Ren was not wrong. He’d inadvertently just acquired an entire fleet. That made him an Admiral. The flush of victory was back, and he turned his head to peer at Ren from over his shoulder with narrowed eyes and a devious grin. He liked the sound of that. Without a word, he continued on to his own quarters, flush and aroused and utterly triumphant. Notes: It was another long wait for this one, but that is because I have found my actual weakness. Writing speeches is my kryptonite. I am never, NEVER, writing another speech in a fanfic again FOR AS LONG AS I LIVE. I LITERALLY HAD EVERYTHING BUT THE SPEECH WRITTEN LIKE DAYS AGO. And I kept trying to write the speech and hux was like no, everything is wrong and you are terrible and should give up on this forever I did not listen to him but it took me a while before I could finally get it right, or at least I hope I did. Hux speeches are apparently very important to me. ANYWAY. Sorry for the delay but this chapter is huge and important and I think it's hopefully worth the wait. In the meantime I have more bad news, I'm leaving in two days for a trip to Canada (Anime North!) and I'll be gone for a week. So the next chapter is going to probably have a similar wait time as this one. I hope it's not that bad, but after I'm back I can get back to multiple chapters per week and will feel much better about everything. AND NOW FOR SOME FANART. Because I was blessed recently with a piece of art by starshine-galaxy who shares my utter love for all things reyux and decided she wanted to draw Rey and Hux dancing from Chapter 17. SO SHE DID AND IT IS AMAZING AND LOOK AT THEIR EXPRESSIONS LOOOOK. She NAILED their expressions so perfectly, and also her art is gorgeous and I am in love. THANK YOU STARSHINE. ;; And thank YOU for reading and commenting and just generally making me feel like there are people enjoying this story, it makes me so happy to share something with all of you!! HAVE A GREAT END OF MAY! Chapter 23 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When sleep finally came, he knew there was some surface tension spread over his consciousness that could not be broken, but he was still remarkably aware of himself even while he dreamt, and could feel the soft give of the bed underneath his seated body. He was aware of everything, even of how impossible it was to rouse himself from his unconscious state. Something held him there, just under the surface, where he could see the other side but never touch it. Kylo turned his head. On his left, Rey was asleep against the curl of his arm, just as she had been the night before. Despite what his eyes told him, he recalled with vivid clarity that she’d been given her own quarters that night. He knew she wasn’t really there beside him; and yet, he felt her warmth and the soft, tender shift of her lithe body. It was more real than a dream should be. On his right, he found Hux resting against his other shoulder, and the sight disoriented him. He’d never been allowed to observe the man this close, nor had he ever seen him asleep. A foreign peace was settled on his face that simply did not exist in real life, and he wondered how his imagination was creating the image of it when he had no memory to compare it to. Despite the disorientation, there were features there that he had experienced, and he took advantage of the privacy of his own dreams to explore them now, where no one would know. His eyes followed the sharp lines of Hux’s hollowed out cheeks, all the way to the high bones lifting his features into something unnaturally alluring. There was an elegance to the man’s face that Hux couldn’t possibly have control over, but Kylo still knew that Hux prided himself in every other level of control. The perfect smoothness of his combed back hair. The tight rigidness of his collar, still buttoned up to his neck even as he slept. His clothes were unhindered and unwrinkled by the curved press of his body against Kylo’s, as only dreams could allow them to be. He was so beautiful, Kylo admitted to himself. And not a hair out of place, even in his sleep. His gloved fingers reached up and brushed down the line of Hux’s cheekbones, resting finally on the thin lips that demanded his entire focus in that one, narrow moment. Hux had kissed him. He remembered that, even here, in his dream. It wasn’t love, or even affection, but he’d kissed him, nonetheless. Kylo’s tongue slipped out from between his teeth thoughtlessly, wetting his suddenly dry lips before his teeth pulled his lower lip between them. No one had ever kissed him like that before. It felt more important than his first kiss, and far more memorable than his last. He knew it wasn’t wrong to want to be kissed like that, but he could feel a warning in the air between him and the sleeping man against his shoulder, like a blaring red light that demanded he Do Not Touch. Off Limits , it said. This one was too important. It would have been easier if the fate of the galaxy did not hinge on this one breathtaking man. Then, Kylo thought, it would be safe to kiss him. To use him. To take what he wanted without issue. He pulled his head back from the intoxicating image of his thumb grazing Hux’s sleeping lips, and pressed his head hard against the wall behind him. He’d already seen the future, he reminded himself. He knew where he stood, and what waited for him. He’d been waiting for this moment for a long time. So long, in fact, that he’d almost forgotten what it felt like to know he wouldn’t always be alone. The visions had only gotten clearer as time passed, and even though he hadn’t had one in months he could remember the exact moment Rey’s face first appeared in his mind. He’d been there to witness the anger furrow her brow once, the day she’d loomed over him and considered ending his life on Starkiller. But he’d already seen that face, filled with rage and hate, so many times before that day. Her destiny had always resided thickly in the darkness, even further than his, but standing by his side nonetheless. She was his destiny, and the Dark side was hers. He’d been sure of it for so long, now. Even if he could not possibly reconcile that knowledge with the face pressed against his body, burying herself in a knot and hoarding his warmth for her own. The sweetness, the Light, that literally pulsed from her was so strong it burned his skin and left him marked everywhere she touched. She was supposed to lose that Light. He was meant to watch it dim as his hands wrapped around her, pulling her down into the abyss he’d long since drowned himself in. She was supposed to be the reason he would no longer be alone. His reward, for accepting the path dictated to him by the Supreme Leader himself. A promise that said path was leading him where he wanted to be, no matter how painful each step was. But his visions had always shown her kneeling at Snoke’s feet, not his. Now, there was no Snoke to turn her. Kylo waited for the crushing pain of loneliness to set in at that thought. If Rey remained firmly fixed in the Light, then everything he’d worked for truly was lost. The betrayal of Snoke’s intentions had been one thing - but this was another, entirely. And yet. That same blaring light began to hover around her face, pulsing in bursts of red that colored her angelic features. Do Not Touch. Off Limits. When the ache did not come, he searched for it, and found only relief. The selfless nature of his emotions disgusted him; but all he wanted, all he cared about now, was that Rey wouldn’t have to follow him down into the darkness anymore. She wouldn’t be his. He could accept that, until he couldn’t. But by then, he hoped it wouldn’t matter. It felt strange, not knowing the path that lay ahead for him. His skin felt raw and exposed, tingling uncomfortably at the encroaching presence of both untouchable people beside him. He was giving up too much, too fast, and it felt like his skin was being flayed away with the slow acceptance of it. But they both looked so happy, asleep and untouched. It wasn’t a very hard to burden to bear. A chime at the door signalled an arrival, though Hux couldn’t imagine who thought it was necessary to bother him this early in the morning. He’d ordered the tailor specifically to arrive early enough to be left to their privacy, yet he should have known that it was impossible to keep anything to himself when he’d purposefully surrounded himself with Force users that could worm their way into his private thoughts whenever they pleased. Rey was not the type to do so, but he did not doubt she possessed the ability. That left only one option, and that option stomped through the sliding doors of his private quarters before he’d actually given the go ahead for him to enter. It was too early to be aggravated with the man, so for once, he let the absurd lack of manners pass over him without complaint. “I take it the speech went over well.” Ren’s voice was rough and thick with exhaustion, which would have made sense even if it wasn’t as absurdly early as it was. “Whatever gave you that idea?” Hux responded smugly as he was being measured for his new uniform, all at once casual and calm despite the fact that he was only half dressed in front of Ren. His arms were spread out at either side of him as his tailor continued to measure every inch of his body and valiantly ignored the intrusion. He wasn’t wrong; Hux had already received the reports indicating how many Generals were pledging their ships to his cause, and some had even arrived from out of hyperspace to return to the fleet from their distant staging points. The spread had been necessary, in their infancy. Now that they had established their power, the First Order required a more central might. The fleet that continued to grow with each passing hour would be a daunting sight to any who dared come near the wide swath of space that was now littered with Star Destroyers. “I looked out a damn window.” Ren snapped out, easily caught in his own lie. Hux knew exactly how Ren knew information that had yet to be shared with him, though there was no doubt the physical sight of the Star Destroyer fleet had struck up enough of a buzz on the control deck for him to have overheard some of it. If anything, the excitement of the crew was probably the exact reason Ren was awake at this early of an hour. Hux wondered if the man had ever managed any sleep that night at all. “Hardly.” Ren replied, causing the tension in Hux’s back to force him rigid. He hated when his thoughts were responded to. Ren ignored the reaction, slumping down into a lounge chair and lolling his head back against the cushioned edge. “It’s not the first time. It won’t be the last.” But it wasn’t his own thoughts that had kept Ren up now, and Hux could tell by the constant shift of his body, reacting to phantoms that were needling at him constantly. The ship was on high alert and frothed up into a frenzy. Hux had inspired his men - and that inspiration was an emotion so thick, so overwhelming, that it left Ren aching for a single moment of peace. “And Rey? Did you keep her up as well?” Ren’s tired eyes narrowed to slits at the implication. “She’s been assigned her own room. She managed to sleep - and sleeps still.” His tense expression had softened into something distant, as he checked on her. For a weak, jealous moment, Hux wondered what that must feel like. To be able to reach out, and just feel another. Or more specifically, her. “I can get a sleeping agent prescribed for you, if this problem persists. I think it’s wise to keep you fully alert, at a time like this.” The tailor had already gotten the measurements he needed, and he’d handed Hux back his shirt, which was almost immediately buttoned up to the neck. Hux stepped off of the small pedestal he’d been on as he was being measured, and held the door open for the man after thanking him for his service. He thought it prudent to keep conversation to a minimum, until he’d made sure the tailor was out of earshot. “Was this always a problem?” He murmured, his voice twisted in transformation from the crisp, cold snap of an officer to the kinder words of a caring friend. “You can’t seriously have been suffering through this every day while you did your job.” “You’d be surprised how little your Stormtroopers allowed themselves to feel, before this renovation you’ve begun.” Ren admitted, bringing his hands to his temple. “This was never a problem, before.” It was Hux’s fault, then. No matter, he reminded himself. They’d already planned to work on control; this simply moved their timetable up a little bit. To now, specifically. He stepped behind Ren and placed a hand on his shoulder. “This is as good a time as ever to try and figure things out. We are, after all, both awake at an obscene hour with no hope of sleeping the rest of the morning away. I can’t think of a better use of this time.” “Can’t you?” Ren rumbled out, lolling his head back in response to the weight of Hux’s hand on the thick cloth covering his shoulder. Hux’s fingers tightened for the briefest second, before a soft breath of a snort left him and he forced himself to relax. “Cute.” Hux scoffed. “But no. You’ll need better concentration than that if you’re going to find some peace in that messy jumble you call a mind. Unless,” The sentence faded away into nothing, as Hux was unwilling to finish the thought. It was a viable option, though he was loathe to admit it. He assumed Ren would need lessons in control and focus - and not once had he ever considered the idea that distraction could bring him more fruitful peace from his debilitating issue. It was the less likely option, but still a possible solution to be considered at some point. And he knew - without even searching for it - that in the quiet of his unfinished thought he’d been caught with a mind that wandered loudly enough for a nosy Force user to hear every word. “Perhaps some other time.” He spoke aloud now, reaching up to push Ren’s head upright again roughly, and replacing the hands that had once been at Ren’s temples with his own insistent probes. “I’d still wager your issue is control. Even I doubt I’m fully prepared to see you at a total loss of it, at this point.” He felt, more than heard, the strange rumble that was vibrating in Ren’s chest. It was absurd, and almost inhuman, which struck him with its insensibility as much as it empowered him. Here was this creature, this harbinger of death, practically purring under the touch of Hux’s hand. It was a heady, intoxicating feeling. The vibrating stopped. “Let’s start here.” Hux’s hands lifted off of Ren’s head, slowly enough to hide the sudden anxiety that swelled under his ribs. “You’re awake because the Stormtroopers have been emoting too strongly for your tastes. Am I correct?” He moved around to sit on the pedestal he’d been standing on when he’d been measured. As he faced Ren, he felt a sudden sense of dread pit down in his stomach, and settle there as heavy as a rock. He could see that Ren was having a difficult time looking straight at him, and the answer to his question was not coming as quickly as he’d hoped. So he was wrong, then. There was something more - something obvious, that even Hux knew he’d have to face, eventually. This was a little sooner than he’d hoped. “No.” Ren said. “You know that’s not the only reason I can’t sleep.” Feigning innocence felt childish, and pointless. Hux watched with a stern eye as Ren’s lower lip disappeared between his teeth, and fought against the urge to do something about it. “Enlighten me.” He asked, knowing full well he didn’t want to hear the answer. “You kissed me.” Because it was a very obvious answer, and he had no good response for it once it had been spoken. “And?” Hux’s eyebrows lifted, daring Ren to interpret his actions with more intent than he was willing to admit to. Instead, he was served a reminder of Ren’s temper, which he actually hadn’t experienced in a shocking amount of time. The man lurched up onto his feet so violently it knocked the chair out from under him, toppling it onto it’s side with a loud crash. Hux could feel the swell of rage boiling over the man almost as if he had Force sensitivity of his own, catching hints of just how angry that one word had managed to make Ren. “Not everything is a game, General .” Ren reminded him in a sickening, feral growl. It was clear how angry Hux’s nonchalance made him by the use of his previous rank, as if Ren alone had the power to demote him. It was almost cute. Almost. “No?” Hux hummed out, standing up to face the snarling expression in front of him. “And it’s Admiral, now. You know that.” He batted a finger against Ren’s lips twice; a strangely fond admonishment. “Not everything is a game. But this is. And you should know me by now, Ren.” His fingers curled under the man’s chin, tugging Ren’s head up until he had to look down that long nose to see Hux’s smirking face. “I always play to win.” Ren snapped his face away from Hux’s hold just a little too late to hide the hesitance, and attempted to loom with his imposing presence in a desperate counter-attack to Hux’s power play. There was little he could do but stand his ground, and express his extreme displeasure in the curling sneer of his turned down lips. “Did you enjoy it?” Hux asked, his nonchalance continuing despite the danger. “I’d say it was rather rushed, myself. I suppose that’s my fault, instigating something so inappropriate in public. You’ll forgive me, won’t you? I was a bit flush with victory.” The tense silence that followed Hux’s easily spoken words managed to set him on edge. His casual nature was not rubbing off on Ren as he’d hoped it would. “Was that all it was?” Ren’s voice was too soft, too penetrating. “Victory?” The apathy in Hux’s expression cracked with a frown before he answered, too quick to think. “Is that all you want it to be?” He felt the dangerous tread of ground that neither of them felt safe on, and perhaps he should have been more careful with his words, but there was no taking them back, now. He waited for something. Anything. Angered curses followed quickly by denial. The disgust and scathing, sarcastic wit. Or, even less likely, acceptance. He could feel the decisive moment cresting over like the white foam of a wave, and he stood ready to let it crash over him, whatever the outcome may be. Ren’s silence left him dry and unsatisfied, because there was nothing but conflict in the man’s eyes. He didn’t know what he wanted - or more likely, what he was allowed to want, anymore. “You’re a bit of a mess.” Hux answered for him, watching the confusion that had made Ren look too young suddenly dissolve in place of a much more familiar disdain. “Perhaps the topic needs tabling until you’ve figured yourself out, first. Though, sate my curiosity - have the emotions of the Stormtroopers hindered you at all during this conversation?” Ren’s face was so emotive, it almost hurt to watch it change once more. His expression smoothed out in awe, and then his brow crumpled. He’d been caught by surprise at the answer - which, without having to say a word, Hux knew would be an unexpected no . “So distraction does work, then.” Hux surmised, trying not to enjoy the revelation too much. “Interesting. Shall we continue?” His body turned to the side and gestured for Ren to pick up the knocked over seat and return to it, and he rose both eyebrows in astonishment as his gesture was immediately respected. Ren brushed past him, picked up his seat, and dropped down onto it with a slump. Hux tried not to enjoy how good it felt to acquire Ren’s obedience, and completely, utterly failed to hide that satisfaction from the Force user beside him. If Ren had any problems with the flush of pleasure coursing through the Admiral, he made no notion of it. He just turned a patient head up, tilting it to one side like a curious animal. The bastard , Hux thought to himself. Now he’s doing this on purpose. He felt compelled to convince himself that this was the truth, that Ren was manipulating Hux based on the easily readable reactions he was getting, and not simply - he cringed to think of the word - being cute. "I assume you've already tried meditating, since that would seem the easiest solution." There was a tart twang of annoyance that sharpened Hux's voice, and it tugged a smile up on the corner of Ren's lips to know exactly why he was suddenly so frustrated. "But what about blocking, that little trick you shared with Rey early on? How does that work, exactly?" The ghosting smile disappeared on Ren’s lips, and he bent in to rest his arms on his knees, as if to take the conversation more seriously. “That blocks our bond. It’s different, it stems directly from the Force. With others, it isn’t necessarily their Force I am feeling, but their emotions.” Hux shook his head in disbelief. “Yes, but your amplification is due to your Force abilities, is it not? Doesn’t that mean that if you learn to block yourself from others, their emotions won’t bleed into you?” It sounded so simple when Hux tried to explain it, but Ren had no way of describing how much more intricate the complexities of it really was. He wasn’t necessarily wrong , it was just far more difficult than simple words made it seem. The doubt was so easily readable on Ren’s face, that Hux needed no clarification to know he was already trying to talk himself out of it. “Whether or not you think you can do this thing is irrelevant. The question remains; have you tried, and has there been any measure of success worth speaking of?” Ren’s eyes flashed dangerously, and a sneer exposed his teeth for a moment. “I’ve tried everything . What you’re describing is impossible. I can’t control this power the way I control the Force - it’s like trying to control your heart from beating - “ “You can control that, with enough practice.” Hux pointed out, setting off another snarl of annoyance from the man in front of him. “ - or the way your blood runs through your veins - “ “Again, you only think these things are impossible because you underestimate yourself. You can control anything with enough determination, Ren. That’s the point I’m trying to impress upon you. Difficult, and impossible, are two very different things. One might have once thought it impossible to turn the entirety of the First Order against Leader Snoke in one day. And yet here we are.” He couldn’t help it. His eyes shone with a fierce pride when using his own triumph as an example, and when they met Ren’s, he expected to see more of the annoyance that rolled off the man in waves. Instead, he’d caught on to something that wouldn’t let go, and realized Ren looked transfixed, as if Hux had netted him up and captured him with nothing but a look. He didn’t want to like the way it felt to hold Ren’s gaze so intently, but he did, oh. He absolutely did. He wanted the Knight to stare at him just so, for all of eternity. He rose and fell in a deep sigh, and something soft breezed through his expression, allowing Ren the chance to escape the intensity and breathe again. He almost felt bad for the poor man; everything must have felt so much more acute and vivid, within him. He cringed at how much an over-exposure of emotion must truly hurt; and Ren nodded an agreement with a wrinkled brow, in silent reply to the thought. No wonder he’d lashed out so terribly often. “Come on, then.” Hux’s voice had hushed to gentler tones, as he leaned in close enough to force Ren to back away. “You will try. Again, and again, you will try, and you will fail, and you will try again. Because I said so. I will not let you give up so easily. You will keep at it, until I am sure there’s no point. Do you accept these terms?” Hux’s eyes were momentarily distracted by the bob of Ren’s throat, as he swallowed hard before making an attempt to respond. When he did, the sound of his voice was that familiar gruff of emotion that vibrated in low tones, barely making it past his lips. “Yes.” “Good.” Hux huffed out in a short, exaggerated sigh. “Start now, with the easiest step. Find Rey. She’s still asleep, mm? But even in dreams we exhibit some residual emotion; tune in to her, and find it, then we’ll work from there. After all, you’re practiced in blocking her bond out. Now I want you to block yourself from her completely. Can you try that?” He felt like he was talking to a wall. The moment he’d spoken Rey’s name, Ren had become distracted enough to lose focus on the conversation, with eyes that flickered back and forth wildly in confusion, and Hux was sure he’d missed all of the directions he’d tried to apply. He could have attempted to snap Ren’s attention back to him, but instead he waited, tense and disappointed, for Ren to catch his gaze again and realize what he’d done. That moment did not come quite the way Hux expected, though Ren’s eyes did return to his. Where he’d expected guilt, Hux only saw fear. Cold, gripping fear. He realized, a moment too late, that Ren had not been distracted by Rey’s presence at all. “What?” The sound of his own voice felt foreign in Hux’s ears as he whispered shakily. “She’s gone .” The impact of Ren’s desperate words had Hux leaning away, as the breath escaped his lungs. Ren was already standing, barrelling through the door like a beast, and Hux could hear the distant fading of hard stomps on the corridor floor as Ren rushed towards Rey’s quarters. When Hux could breathe again, all he managed in the quiet room he’d been left alone in, was a soft, defeated, “Oh.” In those first few moments of waking up, when the world was safe and nothing mattered, Rey reached for her blankets to wrap around her shivering form, and her grasp came up empty. She curled inward, rubbing her hands against the goosebumps on her arms, until the bright light of the room she was lying in finally began to burn through her eyelids and force her to pinch them tighter shut. When she could think again, the first thought that bubbled up into her mind was simple. Turn off the light. Then, with each passing moment, things that seemed out of place finally began to trouble her. There was no one in her room who should have been able to turn on the light. Hux, perhaps? He wouldn’t have woken her up this way. Her blanket was gone, leaving her cold on whatever hard surface had replaced her bed. Her bed was gone. That was the final straw, and her body tensed to prepare herself as she opened her eyes. There was no one there to fight, but she was without question no longer in her quarters. If memory served her right, she was in the cargo hold of a small, old Mandalorian freighter. But they weren’t moving. When she moved to stand up, she heard the shift of movement from the cockpit, and froze. Her mind reached out to whoever was preparing for take-off, and she felt nothing. It was a curious feeling, now that she knew exactly what she was looking for. It wasn’t as if she felt an empty cockpit, but neither could she feel life within it. It felt like whatever was in there was sucking the very Force out from around it, like a tiny black hole. It terrified her, and she stumbled back as far as she could from the cockpit until she was flat against the back wall of the cargo hold. In her mind, she reached for the bond, desperate to follow it to it’s end. When she tried, it only led forward, sucked up into that black hole that waited for her in the cockpit. Instantly she pulled away, disgusted by the feel of it. Kylo. She begged, throwing his name out in a desperate plea. She felt the force of the thought the moment it hit whatever wall was keeping her prisoner more effectively than the metal of this cargo hold ever could. He couldn’t hear her, now. No one could. Not exactly true. The sound of that voice made her stomach twist, and she bent forward, slapping her hand over her mouth to fight off the urge to vomit. It wasn’t just a voice, but a feeling that sunk its claws into her bones and tried to claim her, just by speaking. She breathed hard through her nose, and tried to quell her stomach as the engines began to rumble underneath her. She snapped her head to one side and looked through a sliver of a viewport, not nearly enough to escape through even if she thought for one moment she could. She was still in one of the many hangars of the Finalizer, an exact duplicate of the one they’d landed in - but the difference was obvious immediately in the way the entire hangar was unnaturally empty, with not a single officer or Stormtrooper in sight. She wondered how long the ship had been here, waiting. Long enough. Behind her, the black void in the Force grew as something neared her. She could hear the shift of cloth as someone walked into the cargo hold with her, but she couldn’t turn to look. She wasn’t frozen; though she wouldn’t put the power to do so past whoever was behind her. She simply couldn’t look. So instead, she watched through the slit of viewport as the ship lurched off of the ground, twisted itself upright, and took off into space. “If it’s any consolation,” The voice behind her drawled out, his every word held just a moment too long to feel comfortable. “You’ll see them again soon enough.” “Why are you doing this?” She forced her voice to stop shaking long enough to spit out the words, but her breath caught again when the glass of the viewport reflected a hazy image of who - what? - was behind her. “What do you want with me?” “Hmm.” The grumble of his voice sounded like it was coming through his throat instead of his mouth, with a thick, wet shudder. “Believe it or not, I simply wish to set things right.” She did not believe it. She kept pressing on, with her back still turned to him. “You don’t really think they’ll give you the First Order back just to save me, do you?” There was no doubt in her mind who the man behind her was, at this point. She didn’t need to see him, to understand. His chuckle set her teeth on edge. “You still think it’s about them, don’t you.” Snoke whispered, coming close enough to make her whole body cringe at the proximity of his cold, withering body. “I did not go through all of this trouble for them, my child.” But that made no sense. Kylo was the one he’d groomed from childhood. Kylo was the one whose life had been manipulated. All just to use him, for that stupid deadly artifact - And the First Order, an entire army dedicating to bring the galaxy under this one man’s heel, despite the mountains of his own men dying for the cause - She turned around in a slow whirl, finally ready to look up at the monster that was smiling down at her as he listened to her thoughts come together. Piece by piece, she was starting to see things differently, but her sense of disbelief remained too strong to allow any of it to make sense. But she knew now that he’d seen everything. He’d seen it all, from the inevitable bond between her and Kylo, to the slow acceptance she’d come to form around a man who didn’t deserve to be forgiven - and even this, perhaps. Had he even seen Hux’s betrayal in whatever grand scale plans his visions had allowed him to form? His smile twitched, and she’d never felt a surge of hope so painful as the one that jammed itself directly up into her heart in that moment. Because he hadn’t seen Hux coming. He hadn’t. She felt like she was losing her mind, because she could have kissed Hux in that moment, if he’d been there in front of her. “No matter.” Snoke assured her, his slight smile returning. “That’s why I’ve come, after all. To set things right.” He turned to slide away, but even his assurances couldn’t quell the vibrating hope that now lived deep in Rey’s bosom, practically bursting her with excitement. She knew there was no real reason to feel like Hux or Kylo could save her, in that moment - but where there was uncertainty, there was hope . And she couldn’t help herself. She hoped. “Enjoy it, while it lasts.” Snoke murmured out, his words coming slow and thick with amusement. “But I will return you to your destiny, regardless.” He disappeared back into the cockpit with the pilot, leaving Rey to slink down against the wall and breathe in short, ragged gasps of air. He spoke of destiny, as if he could control it. But if there was one thing she knew she could count on, it was that Hux would always find a way to be the one in control. Notes: Okay so first of all I have to say thank you so much for your patience while I was away at the con! It was super fun but SO exhausting and it took me several days to get my head back in order before I could finally get to writing again. But now I have and I hope it doesn't disappoint, because it means so much to me that you guys are still reading and excited about this. That being said, thank you so much to RACHEL, JACKIE, AND AQUA, who happened to be HUGE helpers in me getting this chapter out - Rachel kept me writing and Jackie and Aqua kept me from making a HUGE MISTAKE, TRUST ME GUYS I AM SO RELIEVED THAT I HAVE PEOPLE TO BOUNCE IDEAS OFF OF NOW JESUS CHRIST. @_@ I'm going to try my hardest to never make you guys wait a long time again, bear with me, the next few chapters are gonna be hard to write but I WON'T GIVE UP LALALALA HUX SAYS I'M NOT ALLOWED TO GIVE UP SO I WON'T I love you guys like, honestly, SO MUCH, it's so much fun to be a part of this community and get to share my muses with you as well as read all your wonderful work too. VIVA LA REYLUX. Chapter 24 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) If there was one sound virtually programmed into a Stormtrooper’s natural survival instinct, it was the sound of Kylo Ren having a temper tantrum. This was the reason that the halls were mysteriously clear as he stormed through them, heading straight for the control room. This was also the reason why the control room itself had far less personnel manning it in that moment than it had approximately three minutes ago, when a petty officer had come running in to deliver the warning, and any unnecessary personnel had taken that as their cue to leave. His screams echoed the halls, punctuated with periods of growling and silence that never lasted for very long before another scream tore through him. His lightsaber was lit from the moment he’d left the room, and behind him, Hux watched with growing frustration as he left a trail of fire on the walls, markers of his rage that would be difficult to have fixed later on. When they finally arrived, the essential personnel that remained in their seats seemed to hunker down to avoid being noticed, which was pointless in the case of a Force user. “OUT.” Ren bellowed, roaring the comment so violently it all but spat out of him like some frothing beast. Most of the officers had the immediate response of rising from their stations and abandoning them quickly, but two security officers dared to flicker their tense, warning gazes at Admiral Hux while remaining seated in their positions. Leaving their post constituted a huge breach in safety protocol - if anyone broke their way onto the ship while they were gone, there would be no one there to notice. Hux waved them off with a sharp, angry gesture, because someone already had broken onto their ship, and their presence at their stations had done absolutely nothing to prevent it. They stood from their stations and filed out, keeping their eyes on Ren as if they expected him to lunge at them while their backs were turned. This was not an entirely unprovoked fear. Once the control room had been emptied, Ren buried his lightsaber into the head of a panel, until it disappeared to the hilt and began to spark a liquid fire within. He pulled it out a moment later, and as he stared grimly at his destruction, the sparks of lightning that flew in jagged arcs from the melting control panel seemed to bring him some sort of sick, twisted moments of peace. His lightsaber rose, aiming for another thick panel, and Hux’s hand snapped up to wrap around his wrist and hold it in the air. “I need that one.” The Admiral hissed out, his patience finally at its end when it came to allowing Ren to vent his frustrations on the machinery. “Stop this. You’ve gone far enough. Turn that thing off, and hand it to me this instant.” Ren hadn’t fought the tight grip holding his arm up until Hux dared to ask him to hand over the lightsaber. That request had his dark, bloodshot eyes widening in shock, before he pulled his arm away and shoved Hux back against the panel he so desperately wanted to protect. “Like hell am I giving you anything.” Ren seethed out through clenched teeth, even as his finger triggered the button on his lightsaber and switched it off in his hand. “Let alone this.” But, at the very least, the request had been so unexpected that it had kicked Ren out of his blind rage, and brought him back to something resembling human for a moment. Hux would accept that as a minor victory, at best. “Then put it away. I don’t care. But if you think to destroy another panel with another one of your tantrums, do me a favor and go to your room for it. I am going to check the security footage to see where Rey’s gone, and I need to do that here, on intact panels. So for the sake of Rey, either you keep that thing in your pants where it belongs, or get off my bridge. ” Just the sound of Rey’s name made Ren flinch as if he’d been struck. His head turned to the side, refusing to look at Hux while the pain rolled through him, forcing his breath to come in hard, shallow huffs. Hux moved past him and took a seat at the security station, calling up the footage of the private quarters hallway and inputting a command to rewind until there was movement. Three times, the footage stopped for movement. The first two were other officers walking harmlessly down the hall. It was the third one that gave them a clear indication of where Rey had gone. “How?” It was hard to get the word out, and Hux realized his voice was tightening the longer he watched the footage, but the word was repeating in his head like a chant that only got louder as he watched the unbelievable sight of Snoke strolling out of Rey’s room with her beside him. She just followed him of her own volition, without restraint, as if she knew what she was doing. Snoke paused, just before the feed would have lost the sight of them, and Hux felt his heart clench and stop. Behind him, Ren was growling impatiently to rewind further, to find the moment Snoke had entered her room in the first place, but Hux was transfixed on their paused forms, still and unmoving as though the feed itself had frozen. Then, Ren went silent, and Hux knew he was sharing that same nauseous hesitance, even as Ren leaned in behind him and narrowed his glare at the two wavering grey forms. Snoke’s head turned, just as Hux had expected it would, and that familiar scarred face tilted up to look directly into the camera. It was a moment from the past, a moment where Hux and Ren had been oblivious to the breach, but the Supreme Leader had known that their eyes would find their way to the recording, and to him. He knew, just as he knew everything. His face was so distorted by distance and the electric lines of security footage, but Hux thought he could see right into that man’s eyes, and watch the very moment his lips turned up in a smile. Rey did not move, until Snoke lurched back into his stride, and she followed seamlessly. Then they were gone, and Hux sucked in the first breath he’d managed in minutes. It burned all the way down to his lungs, but his entire body felt like it was on fire at that point, and he couldn’t quite tell the difference. He felt a strange, sickening comfort in the sound of Ren mirroring his pained breaths, and the feel of his chest rising and falling against Hux’s back. There was no reason to allow himself the comfort of another person panicking against him, but he clung to it with a sense of desperation that made his eyes flutter shut. If the world was crumbling around them, as it all too often did, at least this time he wouldn’t have to deal with it alone. “Follow them.” Ren’s voice cracked, turning high pitched with anguish. Hux’s hands responded before he could even think, switching the security feeds to the next hallway, and the next. They watched from the lift monitor as Rey, dead-eyed and unresponsive, stood like a statue next to the man who controlled her. Even worse, they could see that the two were walking halls that shouldn’t have been empty at that time of day. There was nothing, not one thing, that hadn’t been under Snoke’s control that morning. Except them, perhaps; though when he thought about how effortlessly distracted he’d been, Hux wasn’t entirely sure that was true, either. The entire hangar they stepped into was empty - which was utterly absurd. Hux was already opening up databanks to check what officers were supposed to be on duty in that specific hangar, while Ren continued to stare, unblinking, at the view of the ship Snoke and Rey entered. He was memorizing every single detail of that ship, down to as many nicks and scratches as the security footage gave him the chance to see. The footage was sped through due to lack of movement. The ship just sat there for almost an hour. They’d been there for almost an hour , right under their noses the entire time. There was something unnerving boiling within Hux, and Ren could feel the painful heat of it as it rolled and grew with passing time, but externally there was no expression of what tore at him from the inside. He was laser focused on finding out who’d been compromised to allow this mistake to happen, and his fingers were flying against the console as he brought up list after list. “Hux.” Ren whispered, his stomach clenching painfully from whatever dark pit was growing within the Admiral. “Hux.” He repeated, when the first request for attention was completely ignored, just as the second would be. If anything, he felt the tension burying deeper inside, until he was clenching his own stomach at the feel of it. There, in Hux’s eyes, he could see something sparking to life. Something dangerous, and cold, and merciless. Something that Ren was surprised to realize he actually feared. ”HUX.” Ren screamed, desperate to make the pain burning in the pit of his stomach stop. Hux’s fists slammed into the console, hard enough to cause sparks of his own, and the image in front of him flickered dangerously before returning. He finally swiveled his head to lay that cold gaze on Ren, bearing it down until Ren felt like he was being torn apart from the inside. “You.” Hux seethed out, with a hatred Ren had not often heard come from that once cool, collected voice. “You said he’d left. You said he’d turned tail and run. You were sure of it.” The pit of heat burning through his stomach was his own, now. “I was. I am. He must have come back in cloaked after-” “ No , Ren. Our records indicate Snoke landed his ship during the assembly, when there was nothing but a droid left in charge. When I summoned an entire ship to listen to me give a damn speech about bringing that man to heel, he was already on this ship, waiting to take her. And you assured me he’d never arrived. Explain yourself.” Hux’s eyes had never held this level of absolute, chilling hatred when they looked at Ren before. He could understand why; from all angles, Ren suddenly looked like a traitor. It dug a searing pain straight into him, like a knife had been slipped between his ribs and Hux was holding the handle. He felt overwhelmingly betrayed, but it was a pale shadow of the kind of betrayal he could feel echoing at him from the Admiral, who saw nothing but a former loyal apprentice of his enemy, in front of him now. Not the man he’d kissed in the heat of glory. Not the man who’d offered to take on the galaxy just to protect him. Not the man who’d mistakenly ached for something he never should have allowed himself to want. And the worst part of it all was - if the records were right, then it was his fault Rey had been taken. He’d missed something, somewhere down the line. “Snoke’s command shuttle was never on this ship.” Ren began his explanation with that, despite how off-putting as it felt to try and prove his innocence at all. “That ship,” He sneered out, jabbing the screen with one finger, “- is not the ship I felt hurtling towards us. I know his pilot like the back of my hand - and that man was on the command shuttle, when it traveled up here - and most definitely turned back. ” Hux looked unconvinced. Ren couldn’t say he was surprised. “You felt the pilot.” Hux’s voice was clipped tight, holding back everything that Ren could already feel boiling over inside. “But what about Snoke. ” A single second of hesitation passed, where Ren’s eyes flickered away and told Hux everything he needed - and in that second, Hux’s anger finally released, twisting his face with ugly, distorted rage. “You don’t - feel - Snoke.” Ren tried to explain, staring down at his open, gloved hands. “Not unless he wants you to. It’s hard to explain.” ”Try me.” Hux seethed out through closed teeth. “He’s like an absence.” Ren huffed out, exasperated before he’d even begun. “Despite being skilled in the Force, if I could explain it all away by saying he doesn’t exist in it, I would. But it’s more complicated than that - and it was such a - “ His breath caught. In his flustered attempts to explain what Snoke’s presence felt like, to Hux, he’d inadvertently shared more than he’d meant to. This was the worst possible time for him to say anything even remotely positive about the Supreme Leader, but he’d caught himself a moment too late, and Hux was far too clever to miss the meaning behind his quiet words. The Admiral finished his sentence for him after a long, thoughtful pause - it was all it took for him to understand. “A relief.” Ren winced, his expression furrowing with thick lines that cast his features back into the darkness. “It must have meant the world, to have a mentor whose emotions did not torment you.” Hux continued, his voice no less angry, but his expression smoothed out into exhaustion. He pressed his hands to the sides of his head, and rested his elbows against the console for a moment. The last thing he wanted to feel was sympathy for Ren. Not now. Perhaps not ever. No. Just. Just not now. “So you felt his pilot, and assumed he was on board that ship.” Hux finished it all, letting his hands slide down his face so he could sigh into them. As if it was waiting for the cue, the ship on the monitor Ren had been watching finally revved up its engines, and began to take off. Both men felt a sudden urge skittering through their veins, to run for the hangar and try to stop that phantom ship from leaving. Neither gave in to that pointless, useless urge. She was long gone by now. It should have been too difficult to see the flicker of eyes peering out from a thin viewport as the ship turned right side up and prepared to take off, but Ren wouldn’t have been able to miss the sight of her if she’d been miles away. He pressed his hand against the monitor, running his thumb along the shaking sliver of viewport, where she looked out as if she could see them. But unlike Snoke, Ren knew that was just a heart-wrenching coincidence. The ship exited the hangar, and soundlessly entered hyperspace moments later. Within a tick, Stormtroopers began to return to the hangar, marching through as though nothing out of the ordinary had been keeping them at bay until now. It had been a flawless execution. He’d expect nothing less from the Supreme Leader. “But why?” Hux’s voice shattered, leaking emotions he’d never allowed himself to express before. “Why take her? Is he going to hold her hostage until I relinquish the First Order to him?” If Ren didn’t know any better, he’d assume that was hope in Hux’s voice when he offered the option. He wondered, not for the first time, if Hux would have been prepared to give up on his grandiose plans just to protect the girl. It didn’t matter. That wasn’t why this was happening. “He wants to turn her, and we stole that chance from him.” Ren admitted in a sigh. “She was supposed to be one of us. His right hand.” “I thought you were supposed to be his right hand.” Was that alarm he heard in Hux’s voice? Ren finally felt strong enough to look the Admiral dead in the eye, and caught no sign of the cold callousness from earlier. There was genuine worry there, coupled with a healthy dose of shock. “Didn’t you say you’d seen yourself with her? How exactly does that factor into this equation?” “I was not supposed to be an apprentice any longer. Remember? My training should have been - “ But then he realized what his completed training had actually been, and understanding finally clicked into place. All he’d ever seen in his visions was Rey; her fighting spirit, her gentle eyes, and her kneeling in front of Snoke. Joining them. Joining Snoke . Where had he been, in those visions? “ - complete.” Ren finished, his voice having lowered to a heavy, angered growl. “Honestly, the more I learn about this man, the more I’m reminded of the wasteful nature of the Empire.” Hux stood as he spoke, and the fire was still evident in his voice, but at least now Ren thought he could catch a hint of that old, dry wit tempering him. “If it’s not blowing up planets before they’ve got what they need, it’s destroying perfectly good Force sensitives just because something betters come along. What’s the sense in it? What’s the sense in any of it?” He was walking past Ren when a gloved hand slid out, wrapping around Hux’s arm and pulling him back. Ren held Hux at his side, and though Hux struggled to pull his arm away, Ren’s grip remained firm and solid to keep him from leaving. “We don’t have time for this.” Hux reminded him, his arm jerking one last time before finally succumbing to the pull that made him turn back to the man holding him hostage, and facing him with exasperation. What he found when Ren looked up at him tore at the shreds of what was left inside of him, until Hux felt something that he could have almost considered guilt. Ren blamed himself. For all of this. And rightly so, Hux thought, trying to dissuade the ache of empathy from forcing its way past the cage of his ribs. He had to believe this was all Ren’s fault, no matter how much he wanted to assure the man otherwise. Because who else would he have left to blame, except for himself? Him, and his damn ego, confident that she would be safe in that room while he flounced off to go claim power. Ren’s eyes begged him for a forgiveness he didn’t have room to offer, and he struggled to fight the urge to give in, to crawl down into Ren’s lap and wrap his arms around the man while whispering promises of forgiveness and comfort. Those damn soulful eyes asked for so much of him. He knew he would always manage to disappoint them. “Shhh.” Hux whispered out, curling his fingers along the length of Ren’s jaw until he could brush all of that unruly hair behind those ridiculous ears of his. “We will get her back.” “We need to find out where she is , first.” Ren’s scratchy voice huffed up against Hux’s hand, pressing back against it as it ran down against his cheek. “There’s no way of tracking that ship, is there?” Hux fell silent, his eyes drifting away from the curve of Ren’s lips to stare distantly at nothing. His attention focused slowly on all the paths, every option available to him concerning the whereabouts of that ship and Rey herself. He silently cursed himself for not placing a tracker on her First Order clothing the way he had with the clothes she’d worn on that base. There was no time, never any time to do everything. He’d already begun to feel things slipping through his fingers even as he tightened them for better control. But now, Rey was one of those things, and his fists unclenched at his sides in some vain hope that he could figure out a way to catch her before it was too late. “How does he plan to turn her?” Hux asked, disgusted with himself for having waited this long to ask. Perhaps he simply didn’t want to think about it. Perhaps the question had already been answered, when he looked into the hollow, pained eyes of Snoke’s last apprentice. In the ticks of silence that followed, Hux flinched as he watched that answer unfold in every nuanced change of Ren’s expression. His full lips shivered, refusing to speak words that were there on his tongue. His eyes fell away and searched for something, anything else but Hux to look at. His brow twitched, furrowing in tiny increments each time a thought passed through his mind. There were answers in everything the man did, and Hux was learning the language as he interpreted every move. “So it’s to be torture, then.” Hux breathed out, his nose twitching with checked rage when Ren winced at the word. “Physical? Mental?” He thought he was giving options - but Ren simply nodded, because the answer was both. “Pain - it works. All right?” Was that really defensiveness in Ren’s tone? Hux’s hand shied away from his cheek, but he tried to rein in the sudden urge to slap across Ren’s face. “Agony brings us closer to the Dark Side. It’s like, meditation - like a type of focus. You can’t imagine the unlimited power - the freedom - it’s exhilarating. Addicting.” Ren’s neck rolled, and Hux took a step back, observing the change in demeanor that took the man over. He wasn’t addled with guilt when he thought about his own training. He was flush, and distracted. Ren might no longer be under Snoke’s thumb, but Hux could see that there was no force in the world that would break the man of his addiction to the power of the Dark Side. This was who he was, and who he would always be. Hux worried briefly over how easily manipulated a man with an addiction could be, if he did not remain fully satisfied. “Do you really think Rey will share your appreciation when the time comes?” Hux reminded him, watching the flush die as Ren’s veins ran ice cold and he was brought back to the present. He shook his head. Both of them knew Rey would not embrace the call of the Dark side the way Ren once had. “And where did the majority of this experience take place, for you?” Hux managed not to seethe it out, despite the sudden, irresponsible swell of jealousy that writhed and wriggled through his veins at the thought. “We were just there.” Ren reminded him with a shake of his head. “He wouldn’t be that obvious. It’s the first place we would look.” Hux was in motion before Ren had realized he’d left. He was already on another console, inputting some unseen command with the skillful fly of his fingers, and then he was storming out of the control room itself, regardless of whether Ren was following or not. After a moment of disbelieving stillness, Ren finally lurched out to follow him, pacing out a jog in order to catch up. “You don’t really think - “ “I do, and what’s more, I think he knows that we’ll come looking for her. Rather, I think that’s the point. Let it be known that we’re about to walk into a trap, and I’m extremely unhappy about it.” Ren’s hand was on his shoulder, slowing him enough to whirl him around and hold him still. Hux tried to fight him off from the moment he had him locked down, but Ren’s eyes pinned him harder than any hold could, and he stilled in the man’s clutched embrace. “Then why are you doing it?” Ren asked, his throaty pitch lowered with a sudden desperation for the truth. “You know your importance here and now. Why are you about to risk your life to save the girl?” Hux remembered a moment, not so long ago, when Ren had tried to pin him down and catch him in his own web of lies and distance. He’d threatened the then General with words like love, and emotion, and attachments. All he’d received in return was a vicious reminder that the General did not deal in matters of the heart the way others might, nor would he ever. Now, Ren had him in his arms again, trying to throttle answers out of the man, and Hux had never felt so close to helplessness as he did in that one single moment. It was revolting. “We need to get her back.” Hux answered, attempting (and failing) to remain flippant. “ Why ?” The relentless press of Ren’s question was a physical weight, tugging him down with exhaustion. “We need her.” He assumed that Ren wouldn’t understand the scope of his answer, but there was a voice in the back of his mind; a treacherous voice that sounded just as throaty and alluring as Ren’s - that told him he was the one who didn’t understand. “Are you in love with her?” The question had Hux’s eyes predictably rolling, desperate to get moving again. It always came down to that, with this man. It was always about some misguided notion called love. He wondered if Ren even knew what love was. He certainly didn’t. “No.” Hux spat out, finally shrugging his shoulders free. “Are you ?” He couldn’t have imagined the impact that throwing the question back in Ren’s face would cause, but when he’d done so, he caught sight of the slight step backward and the shock flustering Ren’s face. Hux couldn’t believe the absurdity of it all - he’d spent so much time wondering if Hux was falling in love, that he hadn’t dared to try and decipher whether it was he, this paragon of power, that was succumbing so sweetly to an emotion of his very own. “No.” Ren took his time answering, but that did not change the fact that he felt sure about it. “No. But - “ Hux reached out his fingers and pressed three of them against Ren’s lips, hushing him. “I know.” He promised Ren. He understood - more than he wished to admit. “She’s important. More important than any of that, honestly. So let’s stop dawdling and talking about all this frivolous love nonsense, and go fetch our Rey back.” There was something cemented in his choice of words, something that transcended whatever crippling emotions Ren had always attempted to understand. It was something he was much more comfortable with, and he accepted it without question if it meant he could ignore the tangle of emotion just a little bit longer. A sense of belonging had far greater reach than love ever could. Yet, it was so much easier to let that feeling settle on him and click solidly into place. Hux was headed for the hangar, thankfully choosing a much smaller, quicker vessel than his command shuttle had been. This time, when he turned to walk away, Ren did not hesitate to follow. But he did, upon second thought, suggest Hux arm himself a little better before they hurtled headfirst to spring this obvious trap. It’s colder than she remembered it, and she can’t quite place why that disturbs her more than anything else, but it does. The emptiness of the hallways had an echo that rung like alarm bells in her ears, and she would have appreciated the sound of anything else to break that painful silence. Even the sound of that things voice; the one that had dropped her off inside the base and left her here, freezing and alone. She was locked in, but every room other than the exits had unlocked doors waiting to be opened. She was meant to explore; she’d realized that early on. She was meant to find something important. Her first instincts took her back to her room, where everything she’d left behind still waited. Her old clothing was hanging in the closet, freshly laundered and never used again. She pulled it down off of the hanging, folded it carefully, and carried it under her arm. Everything else felt unnecessary, and she passed her hands along what little belongings she’d acquired during her stay until they stopped on the round, fogged up dome that still housed her little plant cutting. It had taken root in the wet soil and flourished, until its green petals were so numerous that they pressed against the foggy glass as if they were trying to push their way out. At the very top, the head of a purple blossom was craning its neck after having reached as high as it could go. She checked the seals of the small dome, to make sure it was secure, before taking that with her, too. Hux’s room was next, but there was nothing in it she hadn’t seen before; and just being inside of it without his permission sent chills up her spine that forced her to leave without much more than a cursory look. Kylo’s room had been the same - though his room was so sparse and boring that she hadn’t even bothered looking for anything important while inside. She checked each and every room, hoping to find some sign of life, and dreading to find whatever it was that she’d been left here to discover. When she arrived at the medical ward, she saw offline droids hanging from resting docks, waiting to be turned on and utilized. Her presence must have triggered some kind of motion sensor, because the lead droid shuddered and buzzed as it booted itself up, lifting its flat head with a distinctly metal screech and turning it towards her. She’d thought she would have accepted any kind of sound over the silence, until she’d heard that keen, and the voice that followed. “Can I be of some assistance?” No, it could not. She left the room and the disturbing whirr of the droid, heading for the rooms that held the bacta tanks instead. When she neared them, she slowed to stop herself from getting close enough to the roll of chilling fog that was leaking unnaturally from the doorway. Still, even though it didn’t touch her, she could feel the frigid air that was causing it as it filtered under the door. It became obvious that this was what she’d been meant to find. This was the reason the entire facility had felt too chilly for her when she’d first walked in. This was what she was looking for. The coldest door. The door hissed open when she walked in front of it, blasting her with a cold wind. Her boots crunched down on a soft, thin layer of snow with each step into the room that was no longer a room. She didn’t need to go very far to see what she’d been meant to. She was witnessing herself, laying on top of Finn’s unmoving body, crying as she waited for the world around her to implode and destroy them both. She remembered that moment with perfect clarity; she didn’t need to be reminded of it. But someone disagreed. Behind her, a shiny pair of black boots left strong imprints in the snow as someone neared her, and stopped to consider her for a while. She’d never once realized he was there. He was so quiet, so still. He could have blended into the scenery, if that tiny blaze of red had not lit up against his lips, like a warning beacon signalling that he’d made a decision. His pistol rose up smoothly, barely disturbing the greatcoat around his shoulders, to point directly at the back of her head. Hux fired, forcing her to slump against her companion and stunning her into oblivion. The shot itself seemed to suck the light from everything around her. Even the ground turned black, just long enough to return her to the proper room she should have walked in on from that door. The snow was gone, replaced by white tile and shine, as she stood in the room with the bacta tanks. She was alone. And then, with a tangible shudder of the Force around her, she suddenly wasn’t. There was Finn, just as she had once seen him, floating in the bacta tank. There were two officers flanking General Hux, whose gaze was firmly locked on the man floating in the tank, and whose face was pinched with a cold revulsion that Rey was not familiar with. “It’s a waste of resources.” Hux’s voice sounded so different that it jolted her, setting her heart racing until it hurt. “That’s what it is.” The officer beside him nodded gently, and continued to bury his head in the charts he’d been reading. The second officer shrugged noncommittally, and reminded General Hux that these were, “Supreme Leader’s orders, sir.” Hux snapped at the man, chasing him backwards until he hit a console with his behind, but Rey was no longer listening to the sharp reprimands that were being spouted by the General. She was staring up at Finn, floating helpless and unconscious in that bacta tank, and she understood. If it had been up to Hux, he’d be dead. Everything around her that was not real slowly began to fade, leaving the empty room in its place. Finn, the liquid, the other officers and technicians all disappeared, but Rey was still left with the sight of an empty, used bacta tank - and a careful awareness of what the ploy behind that scene was. Snoke wanted to remind her of the true nature behind Admiral Hux, without realizing that the attempt was pointless. She needed no reminder of who, and what, Hux really was. Behind those tender touches and helpful favors, she had never quite forgotten what he’d done, nor did she think she had ever let him forget it. She reminded herself of the truth every time his hand against the small of her back made her stomach twist. She reminded herself of it every time she thought she saw something more than who he’d been, in who he was. She needed no reminders of the kind of man Hux had spent his life becoming. She only cared about the kind of man he would become now, if she cared at all. Snoke would have to try better than this. And he would. She was sure of it. But for now, she let herself have this one, small victory. She thought, perhaps, Hux’s cleverness was starting to rub off on her. She knew she should feel angry. Hurt. Betrayed. Instead, she was already working out the mechanics behind this first attempt at manipulation, and what Snoke was hoping for by doing it. Her lips twitched in a tiny smile, before she wiped it away. She half-expected Snoke to be behind her, when she turned to walk out of the room. Instead, the silence had returned, and she was forced to keep looking for whatever remained. Despite how ineffective the visions had been in riling up her anger, she knew her newfound rational nature could only last her so long. This was Snoke’s first attempt at torture, and Rey knew without hesitation that it would not be his last. Notes: Spoiler: One vision is true and one is a lie. (Just wanted to clear that up in case there are some clever people out there who will have noticed a discrepency.) THAT BEING SAID, I hope you enjoy the chapter! I mean, as much as a situation like this can be enjoyed. I wanna thank my girls AquaWolfGirl and UndergroundValentine for helping me with this one, they are truly blessings and I'm really enjoying having a support system helping me every day as I write, bouncing ideas off one another, and just generally being brilliant. GO check out both their AO3 accounts, you will NOT be disappointed! NOW I HAVE GOODIES TO SHARE!! I have been so blessed this week and I do NOT deserve this love, but FUCK IF I WON'T SING PRAISES FROM THE ROOFTOPS ABOUT IT! Aicosu , the two most adorable people who exist, managed to do a reading of two scenes of Breaking Point, LIKE FOR REAL THOUGH THEY READ IT OUT LOUD, AS HUX AND REY. SYLAR'S HUX IS LITERALLY WHAT I HEAR IN MY HEAD WHEN I WRITE. So CHECK THIS OUT!!!! I promise you will NOT be disappointed! NEXT, Sheila from Aicosu ALSO made me my VERY FIRST AESTHETIC. HOW IS THIS REAL LIFE? Check out this GORGEOUS Breaking Point Aesthetic , she has scenes from so many chapters, it's the most beautiful thing. I cried when I saw it. But I also cried when they read BP out loud. I cry a lot. I'm a crybaby. THANK YOU GUYS FOR STICKING AROUND AND READING/COMMENTING!!! More to come soon! I LOVE YOU! Chapter 25 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) At least an hour of breaking into the control panels and rewiring every single connection in the hopes of opening the blast doors had left Rey with the very disheartening conclusion that whatever had her locked in the medical base did not actually involve any sort of mechanical function. In fact, it was very likely some kind of Force related issue, but when she reached out to try and find the edges of whatever was holding those locks in place, she found a similar emptiness to the discomforting feeling of being around Snoke, and decided she didn’t really want to explore that option, anymore. There was a substantial amount of the base that she’d yet to have ever seen, despite her time there before they’d abandoned it. This was as good a chance as any to get to know the place, since she had nothing left to do but wander the halls and wait for some kind of end. The hallway to her left turned a quick corner around to the hangar, where she’d watched Finn escape with both Kylo Ren and Hux by her side in some sort of strange, other-worldly supportiveness. That particular memory felt more like a dream than anything that she’d seen here on the base. She tried to remember exactly how she’d found herself in that position; comfortable against General Hux’s arm, leaning into the warmth of an awkwardly looming Kylo, and just - existing, the three of them. It was impossible to forget the truth the world had in store for them - but there were moments, such as that one, where it was easy to let that truth remain numb in their thoughts, and simply exist. Those were the moments she couldn’t quite remember now. They slipped through her fingers when she tried to grasp on to them, plagued by someone else’s efforts to assure her none of that was real. She turned right, away from the hangar, and explored a section of the base meant for military personnel only. This was territory she’d never seen. She should have expected the daunting sight of the stores of weaponry waiting in pristine lines on racks that seemed to go on forever - but expectation did not soften the blow. This was a medical base, wasn’t it? She looked into the room and saw an arsenal fit to arm men to the teeth, enough for an entire army. But this was only an insignificant portion of a greater machine. She’d once held out a fierce hope that the Resistance had a chance to win freedom for the galaxy. That, she figured, was a hope she was reluctantly preparing to give up on. She made it through the first ten racks of Stormtrooper weapons, before deciding there was no point in her presence here. She turned to leave the room, casually snagging one of the rifles on her fingers as her hands brushed against the racks on her way out. It couldn’t hurt. Before the door to the arsenal could hiss open, the ground underneath her feet began to shudder. It wasn’t loud enough to be an explosion, or violent enough to be a ground tremor. If she had to guess, someone was landing in the hangar nearby, and she could feel it from here. She carefully put down her clothing and the plant, then lifted the Stormtrooper rifle, switched off the safety, and heard the weapon prime itself for discharge. It was aimed directly at the door in front of her, and she felt a keen sense of victory when she realized she wasn’t shaking, and her grip was steady. If it was Snoke, she was willing to give killing him a shot. She heard loud thumps against the metal grating of the hallway, as someone ran down it. They were coming closer, storming towards her door with a pace that signalled some sort of desperation. Definitely not Snoke, then - but that did not rule out danger. She hefted the rifle higher, aimed where she thought a typical man’s head might be, and waited. Only when the footsteps slowed, did her hand finally begin to shake. She almost pressed the discharge trigger when the door hissed open, startled by the sudden sight of the most unexpected face she could have imagined in front of her. Her eyes rounded wide and her jaw dropped in shock. ”FINN?!” She screamed, lowering the rifle the moment she realized who he was. How could he be here? How had he even gotten inside? And what was he thinking ? After all she’d gone through to get him out, to get him safe - It took her a few seconds to realize that there was more to worry about than his presence on the base, when he stumbled in and practically fell against her. The rifle fell out of her hands in order to catch him, and the door closed behind him as she fell to her knees from the weight of his body in her arms. “Rey.” He whined out, trying to push himself up and failing to do more than get on his own knees. “What happened?” His words made no sense to her. She pulled Poe’s jacket off of his shoulders to check for wounds, but it didn’t take long to see that there was only one. It was on his side, and it didn’t look like it was bleeding, but she’d recognize the burn of it anywhere. He’d been skewered by a lightsaber; not fatal, but still enough to cripple him. “Who did this to you?” Rey begged of him, gently turning him in order to lay him down on the ground. “Was it Snoke? Hold on. I can get you something - “ She was suddenly so thankful to be in a medical base, but he wouldn’t let go of her arm when she tried to rise up and head to get supplies. His grip was terrifyingly strong, bruising her skin underneath his insistent fingertips. He wasn’t letting her go anywhere. “What happened ?” He repeated, glaring up at her with wild eyes. She dropped back down to her knees and stared at him, shaking her head in confusion. “With what?” Finn swallowed, and tried to explain. “You said - you were here to keep them in line. You were gonna stop them, Rey. What the hell happened? How’d they know - you said they weren’t gonna track that ship - “ His words were stuttering from the pain of his wound, but she was starting to get the drift of what he was trying to explain. Immediately, her mind raced with every possibility that could refute the idea of being betrayed. She didn’t know the details, she needed more information. Finn was delirious from pain, he might not be thinking clearly. Only, she felt something in the pit of her stomach remind her of what the most probable answer truly was. “Finn, who did this to you?” She asked again, her voice quieter this time. He stared up at her with narrowed eyes, and an expression of betrayal that looked so unfamiliar on his face it began to distort his features. “You know damn well who did it. They got the whole base, Rey. General Organa, Poe, you name it, all gone. I told you, didn’t I? Nobody knew the First Order like I did. Nobody understands just how ruthless they can be.” His hand slammed down on the ground and his eyes closed in defeat. “Not that it matters, now. There’s nobody left to fight them anymore. That’s it. The First Order’s won. He won.” “Finn.” She was shaking in earnest now. Her hands clung to his collar, trying to get him to open his eyes again. “Who was it?” His eyes did open, but they looked at her like she was crazy. His hand, which had instinctively pressed against his side wound, lifted to expose it and wave a sharp gesture at it. He assumed there was no one else she knew that could have done something like that. But there was. And even if there hadn’t been, she needed to hear the name to accept it. Finn did not give her that closure, but he came close enough. “He killed his own dad, Rey. You really surprised he killed his own mother, too?” Her body curved inward, as if she’d been physically punched in the gut. Her hands fell away from him and lifted to cover her face, burning with regret. This wasn’t about what Kylo Ren had done, anymore. Could she even be surprised? Finn was right. He’d always been right, but here and now she knew his words meant more than he was willing to say out loud. Kylo Ren had always been a killer. But she was the one who’d trusted him, this time. Her reward was the end of the Resistance, and that meant every single death caused from the day she’d said yes to those two men were on her shoulders, from then on. She’d trusted them. And somewhere, deep down, where she was betraying even herself - she felt like she still trusted them. Her thoughts veered suddenly, reminding her of everything Kylo Ren had done to try and convince her that he could be trusted. He had to have always known how impossible that task was, but he’d tried. He’d tried, and sometimes she could have convinced herself that he’d succeeded, but then his temper forced her to pull the leash back, and it felt like starting from square one again. He’d tried. Even after Finn was gone - leading them to the Resistance and leaving no further need for her, Kylo tried. His arms had extended in an offering, there on his bed. He had nothing to gain from comforting her. Nothing more for her to tell him in the quiet of his bedroom, curled against his arm. He’d gotten nothing out of her. Except, maybe, a friend. She still felt his fingers pulling the hairband out of her hair, and whispering a reassurance that she’d already made a difference. Tears pricked her eyes, desperate to hold on to that memory, and the pride his words had filled her with. That was why she couldn’t let this go so easily. That was why everything that made sense - everything that should have been obvious, wasn’t. And that was why she started to notice the holes in Finn’s story. Finn was trying to get up of his own volition, even as she continued to kneel on the ground with her head in her hands. She pulled them away to look up at him, and felt the betrayal in his eyes worse than any guilt over his injury. He hadn’t said a word after she’d crumbled, but he didn’t have to. His expression said enough. He was blaming her for everything. Finn. He was her best friend, but he’d watched his life burning at the end of Kylo Ren’s blade, until all he had left was her now, and he was looking at her like he’d wished she’d been there to die, too. That felt excruciatingly wrong. “Finn?” She leaned back on her haunches and looked up at him. Her cheeks were streaked with tears, but she made no move to wipe them away. She just looked at him, her eyes squinting hard as if there was some way to be sure she was seeing what was actually there in front of her, instead of another mind trick. “I gotta get to the med bay. You said there was bacta?” She ignored his sudden change in demeanor. “How did you get away?” She asked, her eyes flickering from the wound to his face, over and over. Kylo Ren had inflicted that wound. And yet here Finn was, alive and moving, having escaped a complete massacre. Instead of staying to keep his friends alive. “Poe told me to take his X-Wing, right before - why’re you even asking about something like that? Come on, Rey, I need-” “You can’t fly an X-Wing.” She reminded him, calm enough to sound like she wasn’t trying to accuse him of anything. Despite the tone, he reached down and grabbed her by the arm, pulling her up to her feet. There was a desperation in his movements that indicated something was wrong. “I figured it out, okay? Maybe I used the Force.” He breathed out a sharp huff of exasperation and rolled his eyes. “It wasn’t like I was good at it. I just needed an out and I took it. Are you saying I should have stayed and died with everyone else? Is that it? You want me to get back in that ship and wait for him to finish me off? Is that it?” He shook her, his face a little too close to hers for comfort. “Is that what you want, Rey? That why you sent me back in the first place?” “Let go of me.” She warned, struggling to get her arm out of his hold. He had no intentions of letting go, and after ignoring her demand for several seconds she used her free arm to slam the thick of her palm directly up into his nose, all but breaking it with the force of her hit. He screamed, finally letting her go as he covered the gushing appendage with one hand. “OW. WHAT ?” His high pitched yelp was muffled by the blood running down his throat, but he still glared at her despite covering the nose to try and stifle the bleeding. “ARE YOU CRAZY? Rey, you HIT me!” “How did you get away, Finn?” “I’m bleeding, do you see this? I think you broke my nose-” She hadn’t, and she knew because she knew exactly how hard she should have hit him to do it. Still, he wouldn’t get near her now, and that was for the best. “How. Did you get. Away.” “I RAN.” He screamed back at her, his words spitting with anger and blood. “OKAY? ARE YOU HAPPY NOW? I RAN. IS THAT WHAT YOU WANTED TO HEAR?” It wasn’t. The doubt in her eyes remained, and he threw his free hand up in the air, bellowing out a groan of frustration. “Why is this so hard for you to believe? After what I did to get away from the First Order, you think I wouldn’t run when they come back for me? I’m sorry if this disappoints you, Rey, but I’m not ready to die just yet.” She shook her head, and took another step back. If there had been terror in her eyes for what she’d been looking at before, it was gone now. The only emotion that lived in her expression, as she stared at her best friend and the blood running down his arm from his face, was a lonely, crushing sadness. “It’s not you I don’t believe, Finn.” She whispered, picking up the weapon she’d discarded on the floor and sliding it back into her hands. “But whoever is doing this to me must be hoping I’ve already convinced myself against the one thing that makes none of this possible.” She primed the weapon, and it slowly rose up to point at Finn’s head. “Kylo Ren wouldn’t have left survivors.” She didn’t need to fire. When she admitted the truth, Finn’s nose stopped bleeding, and the hand he’d been holding up to try and stop her from shooting fell to his side. His face, a terrible mix of dark skin and bright red blood, seemed to relax before his lips broke into a toothy smile. “So much cleverness. I can see why the General liked you. You are - surprising.” She kept the rifle trained firmly on his head. “And why’s that? Were you hoping for someone a little more malleable to torture? Then I’m happy to be a disappointment. ” Finn’s eyes widened, and he shook his head slowly. “Oh, no. Not at all, child. You’re..” His words had long, pregnant pauses, filled with a heaviness she felt on her shoulders like an unwanted blanket. “ - Quite the opposite. I want everything for you.. but only when you deserve it. So far, you’ve exceeded my expectations. Consider this - your first test - successfully passed .” She could hear footsteps coming from the hallway past the doorway again. This time they were staccato, and there was more than one set; she wondered if she was just being tested again. She ignored it. “Whatever you’re doing, it’s not going to work.” She informed him, the rifle raising an inch as if threatening to finally end this. Finn didn’t look like being shot would change anything, but he raised his hands nonetheless. “It already has.” He promised her, his voice thickening into something that sounded much more like the man who’d brought her here. The pounding footsteps were almost at the door. “It already has.” The door did not open. Instead, it whined with a painful screech, and then curled into itself in jagged lines and angles until it was crushed right off of its hinges and launched back out of the way. She was holding her rifle up to the chest level of both men, but if anything was going to betray her intentions most in that moment it would be the overwhelming relief that flooded her face at the sight of them. She would worry about the implications of her reaction later. Later, when she wasn’t being plagued by visions of her best friend turning on her for betraying the Resistance. Later, when she wasn’t simply grateful that this meant people hadn’t been killed due to her misplaced trust. Later, when she wasn’t dropping her weapon and hurtling towards them, slamming her face into the first chest she could and shaking with sobs that wracked her entire body. She was engulfed, until the light around her was snuffed out by the pressure of two men surrounding her from both sides. She couldn’t hear or see anything, anymore; but that was preferable to what she’d just been forced to witness. So she took the dark as a salve, and buried herself in it. She was safe now, their unyielding arms said. The nightmare was over. They were wrong, of course. She was sure this particular nightmare had only just begun. Still, she deserved a few stolen moments of peace, where she could pretend everything was going to be all right. She found those moments buried in the embrace of two of the most terrible men in the universe. As only she was in the uncanny and unique position to do. They were speaking, but she’d buried herself so deep in Kylo’s robes that she couldn’t hear much more than a muted mumble until she turned her head and let sound return to her. It wasn’t much; just her name, murmured once or twice, trying to get her attention. Eventually they gave up, and just held her. And that was enough. The hangar housed a single, tiny transport vehicle with its hangar bay door still wide open as if the two of them hadn’t bothered to even consider closing it when they’d rushed out during landing. Rey felt an angry flush of guilt when she recognized that she’d expected to see an X-Wing in that hangar, only to realize how silly that was. She paused, hanging back alone as both men continued walking forward from her side. The transport reminded her of where she was going, and in that moment, she finally understood Snoke’s last words. It already has , Snoke had assured her. Bringing her here had done something after all. She felt the pull of hesitation, and realized how long it had been since she’d considered returning to the Resistance and abandoning this entire, far-fetched idea. Her eyes flickered from one man, to the other. They’d held her. Comforted her. Saved her. They were murderers. And they wanted her to join them. Snoke had returned to her the roots of doubt that Kylo and Hux had worked so hard to eradicate. She wondered if they’d gotten in too deep, this time - or if knowing that this was all a manipulation would give her the stubborn strength she needed to tear them out again. She wondered if she even wanted to tear them out again. No matter how unreal Finn’s reaction had been, the entire scenario had been too easy to believe at first. Hux was the first to turn, after realizing that Rey had stayed behind. His heels clipped as he swiveled sharply around, and clacked with each step towards her, until he stopped just short of pressing himself against her. He bent his head down, and gave her a worried glance. She was clutching the bundle of items she’d brought with her, holding them so tightly her fingers were starting to turn white. She couldn’t meet his eyes. After a few long seconds passed, Hux let out a long sigh and ran his hand across his face, scratching the bare stubble against his cheek. Two days without shaving was two days too long for him, and he took his frustrations out on the fuzz against his cheek, scratching his nails up and down until his skin felt raw under his fingertips. He didn’t know what to say to make it all better - Rey could tell that he was trying to think of something, because he always thought of something, and the fact that he was coming up empty had him tearing himself apart at the seams with irritation. She could hear the sound of his nails getting more violent against his skin, and she reached up to grab the hand against his face, and yank it down between them. She still couldn’t look at him, but she wasn’t so far gone that she was going to let him hurt himself for it. Her fingers remembered the feel of his, and intertwined in between them without her permission, like muscle memory. “We’ll find him.” Hux finally found the words he was looking for, even if they were still scratchy from a sore throat, and only came at the behest of her hand wrapped in his. “I promise you. This won’t ever happen again.” His free hand cupped her cheek, turning it up to look at him, but when her eyes came close enough to meeting his, they closed with a pinch. She nodded her head despite the cringe in her features, and Hux swallowed hard and rolled his eyes in a feeble attempt to keep himself from cracking. He tugged her hand so she didn’t have to worry about looking at him, anymore, pulling her to fall against his chest. With a shudder, she adjusted her bundle and curled into the arm that wrapped around her back. His fingers were against her neck when he shifted to walk her back down to the transport, leading her blindly step by step until they stopped in front of Ren, standing in the open maw of the vehicle. With a glance at the woman in his arms, and another at Hux himself, Ren drew his brows down in anger, and seriously considered disembarking to go find Snoke himself. Despite his lack of empathy, Hux caught sight of the revenge Ren was suddenly ravenous for as it sparked deep in his eyes. The Admiral shook his head once in a near imperceptible movement. “Let’s go home.” He offered instead, gently reminding the other man that Rey would need them both, this time. Ren took the hint. “We missed you terribly, I’ll have you know.” Hux murmured into Rey’s hair, ushering her inside as the Knight unfolded his hands and followed behind them, now that the hangar doors were closing. “Well, I missed you. It wasn’t even a day, and I already have mountains of paperwork to file on ship repair.” He heard the faint, but distinct snort of a laugh against his chest, and his lips twitched with pride at having managed to elicit even that from her. “I can’t afford to let you out of my sight ever again. He’ll destroy my flagship for sure.” “Keep talking about me like I’m not right in front of you,” Ren growled, his teeth baring momentarily. “And I’ll destroy it anyway .” “You see ?” Hux sighed out, setting Rey down in her own seat and fastening her safety restraints for her so that she never had to let go of her plant. He tugged her restraints playfully, and gave her a knowing smirk. “He’s an absolute boor. Never leave me alone with him again. Promise?” Her careful, delicate smile shattered at the question, and he knew she wasn’t ready to joke about staying with them forever, just yet. “Or at least promise me you’ll find a suitable tamer for him should you ever find a better place to be.” “ Hux. ” Ren snapped out, warning the Admiral that his humor was going too far. He spared a quick smile before leaving Rey and sliding into the pilot’s seat, immediately priming the ship for take-off. “We could always acquire ourselves a clicker for obedience training. See if he responds to that.” Hux felt the back of his seat lurch forward, slammed by the Force until he nearly hit his head on the control panel. He should have expected that. With one glance back to catch the sight of Rey rubbing at her cheeks and burying her laughter in her hands, Hux huffed one final ’brute’ under his breath, before lurching the ship forward and leaving the base, hopefully for good. Notes: *THROWS PETALS AND CONFETTI IN THE SHAPE OF TINY LITTLE SNOKE HEADS* This chapter is dedicated to Sheila, pls love me again. You guys have no idea how jazzed I was to see that so many of you are still here, chugging away at this with me, it means the world to me. Thank you for everything, guys. FULL STEAM AHEAD NO STOPS UNTIL SOMETHING ELSE TERRIBLE HAPPENS GO GO GO ps Mitaka for president Chapter 26 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The trip back to the Finalizer was largely spent in silence. Kylo had tried, just once, to reach out into Rey’s mind for a glimpse at what she’d experienced, but the moment she felt his presence the walls came up with smooth efficiency, and her answer was clear. She wasn’t ready. Hux wrapped his greatcoat around her shoulders the moment he’d unstrapped her safety harness and eased her off of the ship, but not even the heat of the thick, oversized coat could quell the chill that had buried itself cleverly under all her layers, whispering reminders of how much blood was on his hands and how many people had cried out in terror, while he smugly wore that very same coat on his own shoulders. Eventually the body heat cooled away underneath, but she couldn’t find it in herself to pull the coat off of her and hand it back to him. Instead, she wrapped it even tighter, aching for a safety lost in its folds, and yet stubbornly refusing to reach for the familiar safety waiting in the arms of either man the way she had when they’d found her. The coat was not enough. The coat would have to do. Arriving at the Finalizer again left them all at a loss for where to put her. Her own quarters were off limits, but that was the only thing the three of them would agree upon. Their arguments continued in the closest quarters, which happened to be Kylo’s. But as far as he was concerned, the argument was over. “She stays here.” The loss of Rey had rattled him thoroughly enough to change his normal precedents about overnight visitors. Now, he never wanted her to leave his side. And by the shake in his voice, Rey realized she wasn’t the only one traumatized by her abduction. It was almost as if he could feel the constant pull of fear that now guided every one of her actions, keeping her eyes flickering around her in constant wariness. “I don’t need a babysitter.” She huffed up at him from under the greatcoat, despite the ball of dread in her gut that chanted yes, yes, I do, please, never leave me alone again . She knew her mind was well protected from him now, but the way his hands fisted as he tried to ignore her made her wonder. “I’ll be fine in another room.” She lied, this time more convincingly. She refused to let fear dictate her actions. But she was still ignored. “Absolutely not.” Hux clipped out, though his response was solely to Kylo. “You don’t even have a place for her to sleep.” “She’s already stayed here once before. She’d be safe here. What alternative is there?” “My room has the greatest level of security. Also, it’s fit for human beings, unlike this cave dwelling you reside in. She’d have her own bed, and-” “Under no conditions am I letting her stay in your quarters alone.” “She wouldn’t be alone.” Hux’s smile showed a little too much teeth. “She would be with me.” Very suddenly, Rey realized that neither of them were going to take her opinion into account. They were locked in their own stubborn world, fighting over which one of them had more right to keep her safe. They spoke about her as if she wasn’t even there - as if she was some beloved toy to be fought over and claimed. She was almost thankful for the rage that their unacceptable behavior was creating within her, because it burned away all traces of fear until there was only one thought left in her mind. She needed to get away from them . The door hissed shut before either man even realized she’d left, and the heat fueling their argument died in their throats. “Where is she going?” Hux asked, turning to the force user as the question escaped in an exhausted breath. If Kylo wasn’t already so focused on following her, he would have told the Admiral to go figure it out, himself. But Rey’s presence was on the forefront of his mind, now. Kylo stood there, tense and still, and followed her every step. “She’s looking for another room.” He sighed out in defeat, finally crumbling down into a heap on the edge of his bed. “She’s very angry.” “At Snoke?” Hux asked. “At us. ” “I’m surprised she’s letting you read her mind then,” Hux’s voice lowered with contrition, as he slid down to sit on the bench in the middle of the room. As long as Kylo kept his mind on the girl, he felt most confident staying in the Commander’s presence. “She’s not.” Kylo was curling inward as he spoke, his voice crushing Hux with the sound of its audible heartache. Kylo’s arm wrapped around his chest. “I can feel her.” “Ah.” The Admiral sighed out. He’d almost mercifully forgotten about that. “How angry is she?” Kylo’s face tensed around the edges, his deep frown giving Hux the only answer he needed. “That angry, hm?” Hux exhaled, pressing his face into his hands. “We were being rather brutish. This is the last thing she needed, after what she’s been through.” “She wouldn’t tell me what happened.” Kylo admitted, the tension in his expression only increasing. The statement gripped Hux with anxiety, letting the weight of the words silence him for a few moments. He hoped, desperately, that her reluctance to discuss the events on the medical base with Kylo were due to his less than friendly nature. The alternative was unthinkable. “Has her search produced any results yet?” Kylo’s face twitched, catching a hint of something unexpected, and the slow sneer curling his lips had Hux straightening his back in preparation to move. “Not exactly.” Kylo growled, flickering his gaze up at him. When he did not elaborate, Hux rolled his eyes and stood. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Was she in danger, or was she simply failing to find a room? He was in no mood for cryptic answers, when it came to Rey’s safety - but when Kylo finally answered, Hux could hear an unexpected hint of jealousy already coloring the question. “How well do you trust General Mitaka?” Hux tried, very hard, to suppress a laugh. Testing out every single door to find one that was open failed almost as soon as she’d started, because the occupant behind the second locked door she’d tested responded almost instantly, calling out a constant string of ‘Coming!’s that grew more audible as he rushed to answer the door. She didn’t know who any of these officers could have expected to be at their door like this, but they were coming nonetheless, and she felt frozen out of sheer politeness to explain herself instead of running away. The door jostled opened no more than an inch, and a wide, fearful pair of eyes rested on Rey through it. His brow was already furrowing so deeply it left lines creasing the skin, as he took in the sight of her. When he’d seen what he needed to, General Mitaka opened the door fully, standing there in full uniform covered by a violently orange apron that nearly exploded fringes of ruffles on every edge. On it’s face said ‘Not until I’ve had my caf’ in loopy handwriting, along with a grumpy faced cup of smoking hot caf that sat just under the words. In one hand, Mitaka was holding a spatula up awkwardly. She couldn’t stop staring at that bright orange apron. “Hello?” His timid voice called out to her, as he bent his head to try and catch her attention. “Is there something I can help you with Lieutenant?” She shook, startled by the title. It took far too many seconds for her to remember that she was still wearing Lieutenant Farrah’s uniform and Hux’s greatcoat, and Mitaka had no idea who she was otherwise. Her fingers ghosted against the bars across her chest indicating her rank, and her expression twisted with regret. “No. Sorry. I was just looking for an empty room.” Mitaka’s eyes had focused on her fingers touching the rank bars, and the lines on the cuff of one of the greatcoat’s sleeves. He pinched his brow together in thought. “We’re assigned our rooms by Personnel, typically.” He told her, holding the door open a little wider. “Unless you’re a very special guest.” It hadn’t taken him long to figure it out. The spatula waved her inside, but she stayed at the door’s edge, hesitant and wary. “Oh, come on in. You know they’ll be storming over any minute, anyway. At least have some breakfast first.” Mitaka might have figured out who she was, but he couldn’t have known that he’d just made his offer nearly impossible to refuse. She could smell the wafting aroma of something sweet from here, and she’d taken a step forward before realizing it. “I don’t want to intrude.” She finally managed to say, focusing on his face now instead of that eye searing apron. The newly appointed General had a tiny, trembling smile, and sad eyes. He seemed to lack almost all of the cold demeanor she was used to dealing with when speaking with an officer of the First Order - though she had to admit, that number was pathetically low. Still, he just looked so - she couldn’t quite put her finger on it. Not harmless, exactly. But something close. “Not at all. You can imagine we don’t really get guests, and I always make too much. Have you ever had a blintz?” Her head reared back at the word, before shaking it. “A crêpe then?” She shook her head again, and he let out a shudder. “Let’s see if we can fix that before the Admiral and Commander come to collect you. Do you think I’ll get demoted for feeding you?” He pressed a button to close the door behind her and she spun, staring at how quickly it had all happened. There was a surrealness to her position, as if perhaps something within her didn’t truly want to admit a First Order officer could be as gentle and normal as this man was. “I wouldn’t let them do that.” She promised, earning the quickest little smile she’d ever seen come and go off of someone’s face. “Too kind. The Admiral’s told me all about you, of course - during our initial briefing when he arrived. Come, here, sit here please, I’ll finish cooking.” He’d all but guided her to the kitchenette of his quarters - quarters that looked too fancy for a man like him, nor did he look like he was at home in them. His move to a General’s quarters was a new thing, and she wondered if the boxes on the corner of the sitting room were because he’d only just gotten there, or he was still waiting to be told to go back to his real room again. “Rey, is - is that right?” He barely managed out, as he poured a slippery liquid into a pan and immediately began to shift it around. She nodded - not quite ready to try and have a real conversation, yet. Mitaka managed well enough for both of them. “My name is Lieu- ah, General Mitaka. Really, I’ve been wanting to make your acquaintance. You’ve made such a stir.” He chuckled nervously, scraping the spatula under the thin crêpe and pulling it off of the pan to flip it over. “Not that that’s a bad thing, of course. No, probably not.” He didn’t sound sure about a single thing he’d said - including his own name, which sounded foreign on his own tongue. His accent was near exact to the posh accent of Hux’s voice, but it lacked the self-assurance and smooth, almost musical ease. It was just clean, quiet, and careful. It put her at ease, despite how tense he seemed. “That’s all right.” She finally interjected, taking a deep breath and inhaling the scent of whatever he was making. “It wouldn’t be the first time someone’s called me a troublemaker. It won’t be the last.” “Ha!” His tiny laugh barked out high pitched, and it almost made her laugh just to hear it. “Well. Well, all right. Troublemaker. Good trouble though, I assure you. We’re doing good things, now. Better things.” He set the next crêpe to cooking, as he slid the first onto a plate. “Now. Tell me, troublemaker. Fruit or cheese?” “What?” She turned up her lip in confusion at the question. “Do you want your first crêpe filled with fruit, or cheese? See, the little canisters here - I have some blueberries, strawberries, and then there’s the cheese, it’s very creamy, that’s my favorite.” She’d leaned in the moment he opened the canisters of filling, and pulled back on the sudden urge to stick her fingers in them all and taste them. “Can’t I have both?” She asked, innocence clouding over any intent. Mitaka laughed, waving a finger at her as if she’d just said something cheeky. “Troublemaker.” He chuckled out, spreading cheese on the crêpe with a knife. “Which fruit, then?” She pointed towards the strawberries, and he obliged. She heard a soft hum vibrating from his lips when he spread the strawberries on top of the crêpe and folded it up carefully, using a swipe of the knife under the lip to seal it. “My mother taught me how to make these. It’s easier than most other breakfast foods. Hard to get them wrong when they’re so thin. At least, I can hope.” After a light dusting of powdered sugar topped the confection, the plate was slid in front of her, along with a knife and fork. He returned to cooking the crêpes, giving her a moment of something like privacy to eat without his prying eyes. She eyed the fork and knife for a moment, and sincerely contemplated trying to eat with them. In the end, she picked the crêpe up and held it with both hands, biting down on one end so hard the cheese fell from the back to blob down into the plate, and she was suddenly grateful he’d been thoughtful enough to look away while she ate. “If I may ask,” His quiet voice broke the silence that only her noisy chewing was interrupting. “Why were you looking for a room? I was under the impression you had one already. Is it not to your liking?” She swallowed, and the crêpe was placed back down on her plate. It was clear by the way she stared at it that the question had made her lose her appetite. “The Commander and the General don’t believe I’m safe there, anymore.” The spite was too audible, and she winced with regret. There was no telling if being this honest around Mitaka was safe, yet. She looked up to see him paused from spreading cheese on his own crêpe. He continued a moment later, as if her words hadn’t frozen him. “The Admiral.” He chirped out, his voice impressively hiding what she thought must have been fear in his eyes. “Admiral Hux has his own fleet, now.” He explained, when he registered the confusion in Rey’s expression. “The title is well deserved.” There was something close to hero worship in Mitaka’s voice whenever he spoke of the Admiral, and Rey was only starting to catch notice of it. She fell silent, letting the thought process as she ate her breakfast with her hands and kept her eyes locked on the unusual man. She sensed something desperate to thrive in him, but it wasn’t Force sensitivity; there was nothing there but the natural hum of the Force drifting within him, an unconscious thrum that all living things possessed, but few could actually control. Neither was it power, or any sense of desire. She felt like Mitaka lived just outside the boundaries of the power spectrums that were colliding, in a plane where his own actions were justified by a sense of loyalty, and purpose. He belonged in the First Order because that was where he’d been raised, and something in him struggled to always make someone proud. She wondered if he ever thought about the cause of the First Order at all, or how many died under his loyalties. But when she looked at his face, and the pale tremble of his lips, she guessed that he thought about it far more than he’d ever like to admit. Maybe Mitaka wasn’t so blind, after all. Rey glanced around the room, taking in the stark bare walls and the untouched bed. Nothing of Mitaka spoke to the room, just yet; save for one thing, sitting crooked on the small end table beside the bed. Other than his clothes, he’d unpacked one single item - a holoframe. The blue lit image hovering just above the projector was hard to see from her angle, but she could tell it was an image of two children. “General?” Rey breathed out, putting down the remains of her crêpe and licking her fingers. “Do you have children?” She bit her lip and tried not to laugh when Mitaka sputtered at the simple question with an embarrassment that should have been better suited to the query of ‘are you a virgin’, but she fought down the amusement as he tried to pull himself together. “No, oh no, not me, no - I don’t even - I mean I’m not - ahaha, no, no children. Why? I’m sorry. I mean. Why did you want to know? Not that you can’t ask me anything, I just mean-” Rey reached out all the way over the counter and put her hand over his lips, stopping him before he gave himself a heart attack. He stared, wide and cross-eyed, at the hand over his mouth. “I did not mean to trouble you with such a personal question. I just noticed the picture on your bedside. Honestly, you don’t need to humor my curiosity.” She was hesitant to pull the hand away, in case he was still rambling, but when she did she found him pleasantly silent. It took him several seconds before his mind seemed to restart, and his eyelids fluttered as he processed his thoughts properly again. “The picture?” He turned, shutting off the stove as he spared a very hesitant, almost shy glance at the bedside. “Ah, that. Of course. No, no, I - really it’s fine. I don’t mind sharing.” Rey felt a sharp, unexpected surge of compassion that came from hearing words she didn’t think anyone on this ship would ever truly say - and mean. This man had a private life, just like everyone else - but he was so willing to be open about it, ready to tell her everything just because she’d mentioned it. What was he doing working for the First Order? He’d already walked over to grab the tiny holo-projector, and set it down between them as he worked on the rest of the crêpes. “That’s me, actually! The little black haired boy there. The girl on my shoulders is my best friend. Was, I suppose.” He paused, biting his lip for a moment, before shaking his head and amending himself one last time. “Is.” Seeing Mitaka as a little boy made him too human, too real. Rey instantly regretted asking him about it. That regret did not extend far enough to stop her from asking more; because he’d shared this much with her. She refused to be rude enough to feign indifference, now. “What happened?” “We grew up!” He laughed out quietly, sliding another cheese and fruit filled crêpe onto Rey’s plate. “Different worlds, different lives. There was a little time between, a few stolen moments when really we shouldn’t have.” He licked his thumb before pressing a finger on the holo-projector, and the image flickered from two children to the face of a teenaged Mitaka, with his head ducked shyly against the shoulder of a girl with a soft, tender face. They both looked so painfully shy together, as if the act of cuddling and holding hands was pure scandal. There was something desperate about the way his fingers curled around hers, and Rey recognized the sadness in his eyes instantly. No matter how much they’d tried, this was not a happy picture. “But things got complicated. Still, she’s my best friend. Even if it didn’t work out, I’m not going to just forget about her. So I take her with me wherever I go.” His thumb pressed the image back to his childhood photo, with a frail little boy whose eyes sparkled without a single care in the world. “Will you tell me about her?” Rey asked, before she could stop herself. Why was she forcing him to dredge up memories of whatever had planted that sadness in his eyes? Then she saw it, and she realized why. For just a moment, that little sparkle was back, and she knew it wouldn’t hurt him to tell her. “I’d love to. Eat! Eat, and I’ll talk.” So she ate. And he talked. He told her every tiny, insignificant story he could remember about his best friend. He told her about their days spent in class together, learning how to spell and write and count. He told her about every hiding place they’d found, desperate to keep away from other children. They spent recesses together in quiet, playing simple games or reading to one another. He told her about the day when he had to leave, torn from the planet he’d been raised on to live as an outcast on the Outer Rim. His parents were fugitives, refusing to give up on old ideals that meant little to him at the time. He’d been so mad at his parents, then. It had taken him years to understand. He told her about the festival on Serenno, celebrating some vague battle of the past that no one there seemed to remember the outcome of. He remembered the exact moment he saw her, dressed up simple and lovely, and he’d fallen for her before even realizing who she was. He told Rey how he thought the girl had been too pretty to be real, and that alone had given him the courage to try and reach out to her. But the moment he’d touched her elbow to garner her attention, she’d recognized him before he’d ever said a word. And there, his stories began to drift off, taking the sparkle with them as they faded. He prodded at his breakfast with his fork, and let out one last, soft chuckle. “We saw each other a few times after that. But that’s it.” He hadn’t eaten more than half of the last crêpe, but it was clear that the discussion had closed his stomach up. He gave up on the meal, clattering his utensils onto the plate and picking it all up to dispose of the remains. “I’m sorry.” Rey muttered lamely, unsure of how to respond after being given so much. “Maybe you’ll see her again, one day. It’s clear you still have feelings for her.” Mitaka’s eyes flickered up to Rey with a careful glance, and his lips twitched as if he was trying - and failing - to smile. He took the holo-projector and carried it back to his bedstand, before returning to clear her dishes as well. “With Kay, it’s just -it’s very complicated.” He breathed out, shaking his head. When he returned, his eyes caught on the greatcoat still wrapped around her shoulders, and his cheeks flushed an embarrassing shade of pink. “But I guess you’ll know all about complicated, now that you’re here.” She hadn’t expected that. Mitaka’s hospitality had her comfortably settled into a gentle lull, but his sharp eye and tiny smile reminded her that there had to be a reason he was good enough to be where he was, and that cleverness was a popular First Order trait. She wrapped the greatcoat tighter around her shoulders, shrugging away the instinct to deny that she knew what he was talking about. “That’s a different kind of complicated, but yes. I suppose you’re right.” She slid her arms into the long sleeves of the greatcoat, and then pulled them up until her hands finally slid out of the holes. “Any suggestions?” She promised herself, belatedly, to take anything Mitaka said with a grain of salt. He was the enemy, after all. Except that he was the closest thing to a kindred spirit she had on this ship, and he was no more an enemy to her than a scalding cup of caf could be to her tongue. He might be forced to hurt her, one day. She knew he’d never do so on purpose. “Me?” He seemed so surprised to hear the question, knowing full well he’d done little to deserve her faith. “I’m still trying to figure out how to make the right decisions for myself. I can’t say my advice would be very helpful to you, unfortunately. But maybe.. Maybe just, keep an open mind? I don’t know if that really means anything to you, but if Admiral Hux trusts you enough to keep you so close to him, I have to believe it’s for a good reason.” “Good for whom?” Rey muttered, reaching out for a cup as he held it out to her and silently offered to fill it with caf. “The First Order? I’m not such a big supporter. The First Order hasn’t made a good first impression on me.” He poured her the caf, and then poured himself a cup as well. “I’m not the one to try and convince you of anything. Has Admiral Hux attempted to-” She waved her hand quickly, silencing Mitaka with the gesture. “ Admiral Hux has tried to explain things to me several times. I’m still unconvinced that any proper decisions have been made.” She swirled milk into the caf in the cup, staring at it with a troubled expression. “The only thing he has convinced me of, is that I could prevent future catastrophes from being necessary , by working here. And that’s what matters. Not me believing in your cause. Or theirs.” When she looked up from her caf, after a moment of silence, she caught a glimpse of Mitaka’s gaze, lingering fondly on her. She blinked, digesting the expression in an attempt to understand it, before he shook himself out of it and looked away. “Well.” He stuttered out, sipping nervously on his caf. “If that’s true, then I was right. He knows what he’s doing, with you. Maybe you’ll be the key to keeping everyone safe.” Rey wondered silently what he meant by that, or why Mitaka would care so thoroughly over the safety of the members of the Resistance. It made no sense, but it was welcome, nonetheless. “I’ve never seen him speak of someone the way he spoke of you.” Mitaka mused, smiling fondly into his caf. “Not that I can blame him, now that I’ve met you. But it was a relief to hear fondness in that man’s voice. I think the crew honestly thought him a well crafted droid, from his distant demeanor to his efficiency. But some of us knew better. And then we saw him speak of your work with Kylo Ren and himself, and.. it was different. Not obvious, just - different.” Mitaka hadn’t looked up to see Rey’s reaction as he spoke so freely of the change in his superior officer, but when he finally turned his eyes back up to her, he saw the faint remnants of a blush just starting to fade off of her cheeks, and it had him smiling into his caf as he brought it quickly back up to his lips. A very tiny, shaky whisper left her once a few solid moments of thoughtful silence had passed. “I wish I could trust them.” She admitted, much to Mitaka’s surprise. The fact that she was trusting him with this trouble kept him from interrupting her quiet murmurs. “I don’t think they deserve it.” Mitaka trusted his Admiral with his very life, but Hux had earned his trust, and his loyalty. He hoped that time would give him the chance to do the same, with Rey. “Do you think you’ll be able to keep the First Order from destroying the Resistance?” Mitaka’s voice had matched her quiet, lending a soft hushed reverence to their conversation. “And vice versa?” He watched the change as it took over every inch of Rey’s body. The slump of her shoulders straightened into something strong and defiant. She gripped her cup hard, and her expression hardened with determination. Something thrilled him about the sight of the girl who’d just whispered her insecurities to him, suddenly filling with the same kind of unseen control he was only used to seeing in his Admiral. She didn’t need to answer him. But the words came, regardless. “I’ll die before I ever allow anyone to get hurt over this wretched war again.” And suddenly, he was glad she’d said the words. “Oh.” He grinned, a sloppy thing that looked odd on his face, and he put down his cup of caf to walk around his kitchenette table. When he stopped right in front of her, he rose his arms up, looking as though he wanted to hug her, but hesitant to actually touch her without permission. He kept leaning in, almost hugging her, and then pulling away with a nervous laugh. In the end, Rey put him out of his misery, and wrapped her arms around his waist in a hug. “I believe you.” Mitaka whispered, that unfetching grin still plastered on his face. “I believe you.” She seized up in his arms, and then turned limp with what felt like exhaustion. He pulled away to look down at her, his eyes wide in worry. “What’s wrong?” “You were right about them.” She muttered through a tired expression. “It was only a matter of time.” The door to Mitaka’s quarters pinged as its security code was successfully entered, and Kylo Ren swarmed into the room too quickly to be anything but enraged. Admiral Hux was behind him, but his movements were as smooth as ever, and only his face betrayed the lack of calm. “General.” Admiral Hux addressed the man with a curt nod of his head, and his eyes flickered in silent warning down to Mitaka’s arms. Instantly, Mitaka dropped them away from Rey, and turned to pale stone at her side. “I appreciate you offering your hospitality to our Rey while she’s in between rooming accommodations. Your politeness is well noted.” ”Like hell it is.” Came the unmistakable growl through Ren’s bared teeth, as he rose his hand up and looked like he wanted to choke Mitaka. More specifically, it looked like he was trying, very hard, and failing . “I don’t recall either of you being invited into Mitaka’s private quarters this morning.” Rey’s vibrance was back, inflamed with the insult of their presence coupled by Kylo’s blatant attempt to hurt someone just for offering her a hug. She was the reason Ren’s force choke was failing, even if Mitaka’s hand was already itching at his neck, nervously fighting off the echo of the first time he’d suffered from it. “Nor do I recall any rule stating that offering me breakfast and comfort was a crime under our agreement. I’m not here as a prisoner, and I can assure you I will not stand for being deprived of making acquaintances while I’m here in order to make my stay more bearable. So stand down, before I make you .” Ren’s narrowed glare finally twitched to meet Rey, and she could hear the creak of his gloves when his fingers relaxed their hold. “Now. Get out. ” “Ah-” Hux placed his hand on Ren’s chest, halting him from letting out another outburst of anger at the girl for ordering him around. “We only came to let you know we’ve come to our senses, and reached a compromise. The quarters directly beside Ren’s has been vacated - apparently, its owner is missing. I’ll have it prepared for you immediately, but we can take a look at it now if you like.” Rey was not buying the polite tone of Hux’s voice, when she could hear how it strained just under its flimsy guise. He’d been just as undone by the sight of her in Mitaka’s arms as Ren was - but Hux, she now knew, was always better at hiding his true intentions. She was simply getting better at seeing through him, and that was his fault. Keeping her around him this much was starting to take its toll on his carefully constructed masks. Right now, she saw that this was just a ploy to get her out of Mitaka’s rooms, and out of his arms. Luckily for Hux, Rey did not play petty games for petty reasons; else she would have stayed just to stoke that fire and see if he’d break character. She turned back to Mitaka, and smiled with embarrassment. “Breakfast was delicious, General.” She felt Hux moving from one foot to another behind her, his boots creaking noisily with the effort, and tried not to roll her eyes. “I hope we get to speak again soon. I appreciate the advice, even if it is becoming more and more difficult to find the patience to take it to heart.” Mitaka hadn’t stopped flushing since he’d dropped his arms, and Rey felt the sting of guilt for putting him in such a position just by being around her. If Kylo and Hux continued to alienate the people around her this way, they would find her more unwilling to keep her end of the bargain than they’d ever imagined. She turned back to Kylo and Hux. One was glowering, sulking almost childishly at his reprimand. The other was nervously tugging on his gloves, fixing invisible imperfections in a painful attempt to look bored. At least she wasn’t scared of them, when they were like this. She was too annoyed to be scared. “Get out.” She muttered, taking them both by the arm and turning them around to shuffle them out the door. “Show me this room, already.” “General.” Hux managed a haphazard farewell to Mitaka as he was pushed out, and received a cracked “Admiral!” back in response. Once they were out the door, Mitaka dared to sneak over, to watch them walking down the hall together, arm in arm; even if Rey did manage a shove to get Kylo to stop slouching, once in a while. Mitaka bit the tip of his tongue between his teeth. “Your complications aren’t so different after all, I think.” He whispered, before disappearing into his quarters and letting his door hiss shut. “Whose room was this, that disappeared?” Rey asked, standing in the middle of another sparse, dark colored room. It was similar in size and accommodations to Kylo’s, but at least there was no shrine to a burnt relic in the middle. That was an improvement. “One of Ren’s associates.” Hux began. “Auvas Ren.” Kylo completed the thought, his voice husky with disgruntlement. “I’ve lost touch with all six of the Knights of Ren since Starkiller fell. There was no reason for them to have been on the planet when it was destroyed, but I can no longer feel them in the Force - it’s more than likely they’re dead.” They were trying to put her in a dead person’s room. “Um,” She hummed out, backing out of the room slowly. “Isn’t there any other alternative?” She could still taste fruit on her tongue, and would later on blame that troublemaking taste for the words she blurted out next. “I could stay with Mitaka.” Both men turned around, and an absolute miracle occurred before her very eyes. Kylo Ren and Admiral Hux spoke in tandem, and in perfect agreement. ”No.” The fleeting dream of having crêpes every morning was sucked away from her faster than being spaced out an open airlock. Notes: For those of you not aware of my current obsession, Mitaka's childhood crush is, in fact, our beloved little bun wearing Resistance fighter, Kaydel Ko Connix. So writing's been really hard for me lately. Thanks to Juulna I have a little more insight into where this story's going, but I wanna apologize in advance if my updates are slow, I've never done a longfic before so this is an effort in patience for me too! But I really love you guys and thank you so much for supporting me and hope you continue to enjoy this as it goes along. ALSO SORRY FOR THE COMPLETE LACK OF REYLUX WOW THIS CHAPTER IS SO MITAKA BASED IT'S HILARIOUS. But that's it for him for now. Rey just needed a friend. And for those of you who read the works of my darlings Aqua and Jackie, why yes, the triumvirate of breakfast in fics is complete. WE ARE ONE. THANKS FOR READING!! Chapter 27 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) In the end, Rey decided to take the missing Knight’s room. Everything personal (which was hardly anything at all) had been removed first, leaving the dark quarters even more bare than it had been when they’d first shown her it. The closet was now empty, the refresher was fully sanitized and stripped, and the bed had all new linens on it. They were a soft sort of blue, and the contrast of that gentle color hurt to look at in the midst of all the black that surrounded it. She’d placed her plant on the flat table beside the bed, and that was enough to consider the room hers. “It’s growing past the means of the pot.” Hux pointed out to her, when he came to visit her in her new accommodations. “You’ll need somewhere better to plant it.” They were on a Star Destroyer, and the look on her face silently judged him for making the suggestion that there was anywhere on the ship she could plant a living thing. His lips twitched, holding back a smile, until he reached out to take her chin between his thumb and forefinger and hold it up towards him. “ And you’ll need a proper introduction to the amenities the Finalizer has to offer, if only to give me the chance to wipe that disbelief off your face. I look forward to the chance at surprising you just a little more, before you know all of my secrets and I’m no longer of interest.” “Don’t worry.” Rey chirped up at him with sarcasm she could taste on her tongue. Her face shifted, pulling her out of his hold. “I doubt I’ll ever fully understand everything about you, Admiral. You’ll be keeping me endlessly guessing.” She caught the flash in his eyes, betraying an interest in her words that she found herself unsurprised at. She guessed that the sound of his new rank was the most likely reason for that sudden intake of breath hissing between his lips, and not because she’d suggested that her time in his company had no limit. In truth, however, it was a combination of the two that had silenced Hux to stillness in her presence. The moment lasted longer than she felt comfortable with, and when she shifted her weight from one foot to the other, he caught the thread of conversation back up instantly. “Your time with General Mitaka has you well informed, I see. I feel cheated. I’d hoped to tell you the good news myself.” Was she imagining things, or was Admiral Hux actually trying to pout at her? “If you were hoping to surprise me, walking in dressed like this was probably not a wise move.” She pointed out, reaching around and holding his cape out to one side. There was nothing subtle about Hux’s new uniform, and she knew better than to take his disappointment to heart. He was nothing but proud of what he’d accomplished, and there was no better statement of that pride than the tall stiffness of both of his new collars, one from his jacket and a higher one laying against his neck from the long, elegant cape sitting on his shoulders. She had trouble taking the cape seriously, at first. She was still tempted to reach for it and flap it around when he dared turn anywhere near her, but the way it flowed like rippling water behind him when he walked had finally won her over. She wondered how much of the entire ensemble was standard issue for a First Order Admiral, and how much of it was Hux’s personal hand guiding the design as it was being crafted. She had to believe the cape was his idea. She had to. She’d never known anyone in her entire life who thought they could pull off a cape, before she’d met Hux. “You had no reason to believe this wasn’t my typical outfit prior to this new regime.” He reminded her, sliding her hand off of his cape with careful fingers. He’d just meant to keep her curious touch away; but instead, without realizing it, his fingers remained loosely caged around hers to keep her hand at bay. “I had every intention of surprising you. General Mitaka has stolen this little joy from me. Allow me to escort you on a tour of the Finalizer, before anyone else dares steal that, too.” Rey’s eyes rolled to emphasize just how little she was actually worried about his lost intentions. There was no real plea in his voice, no actual dejection present. She wondered just how hard he was fighting not to smile when he spoke of his stolen pride. But she was too pragmatic not to accept his offer. She needed to know everything about the ship she would tentatively call home for as long as she worked there. She knew Hux was clever enough to keep her away from some of the more safely restricted sections of the ship, but she was prepared to learn as much from what he didn’t show her as she would from what he did. She squeezed his hand, and the action, as thoughtless and innocent as it was, startled them both into realizing that their fingers had remained intertwined for too long without an adequate reason to explain the act away. It took a moment of awkward fumbling to untangle the fingers, most of which had managed to wind around each other so thoroughly that it felt like pulling apart puzzle pieces and leaving frayed edges. Rey snapped her hand back the moment it was free, and rubbed the thumb of her other hand against her palm to try and worm the feeling of him out of her skin. He watched it happen, his eyes focused and flinty, before he forced his expression back to its neutral state. “Are you free now?” He asked. She hadn’t verbally accepted his offer, but he’d always known she would say yes. He held his gloved hand out to her, the same one that she’d just pulled away from. He caught the exact second her thumb froze against her palm as she stared at it, and wondered at the thoughts that must have been running through her mind in the moments before she put her hand back in his. He was careful, this time. Their fingers never locked, and he picked up the hand she offered to wrap it carefully around the crook of his elbow. She still never needed to say the words. Escorting her out of the room was as far as they’d get, since the dark trunk of Kylo’s imposing form was leaning patiently against the wall beside her open door, waiting for them to find him. He looked so casual, or at least attempting to make an effort of it. It reminded Rey instantly of the brusque, careless apology he’d thrown at her before disappearing into his quarters the morning they’d pulled her away from Mitaka. It hadn’t been prompted. That, and only that, had forced her to take his feeble attempt seriously. Now, he was trying too hard to act like he didn’t actually care where she went, or what she was doing. It would have been cute, if the root of his behavior hadn’t ignited her with such anger. “Good morning, Ren.” Hux offered casually, as if he couldn’t sense the tension between the two. “I was just about to take Rey for her first tour of the facilities. Would you care to join us?” Rey swiveled a side glance at Hux, looking for any signs that this had all been a cleverly planned ruse to get her to talk to Kylo again. He, of course, gave her absolutely nothing she could use in order to read the situation properly. It was predictable and infuriating. Kylo nodded in a single sharp motion, and pushed off of the wall to insert himself comfortably on her other side. She could feel his heat brushing against her shoulder, and just his presence managed to hum with an energy that made the fine hairs of her arm stand on end. The feeling was nothing new to her, but she’d never wanted to ignore it quite as much as she did in that moment. The walk down the hallways of the Finalizer made their time at the base seem like they’d been in a bunker. Rey tried to keep count of the doors they passed as they walked the halls towards some sort of crossroads, but by the forty-fifth door she began to lose count. She knew this meant that finding her way back alone would be improbable, and perhaps that was the point of putting her there in the first place. She side-glanced at each of the men beside her, one by one, to see if either of them looked smug after all that walking. Ren’s face was as impassive as ever, and Hux was even more difficult since she realized he always looked smug. The only noticeable difference was the quiet, which left her deep in her own thoughts instead of the more familiar bubble of Hux’s elegant conversational skills. It took her a moment to realize that the silence could have been uncomfortable and awkward; instead, there was a very satisfying peace settling between the men, as if they’d come to some kind of accord behind her back. She felt the calm settling around her shoulders, almost unbearably soothing against her nerves. It was an apology, she realized with a start. They were behaving as a form of apology. As some kind of wordless offering, an effort that said all at once how they could be better at respecting her boundaries, if she gave them another chance. Neither of them would ever say those words out loud - and she never really expected it, even if she would have liked to hear it. But this was within their power; this show of - not submission, exactly, but humility. Malleability. She took it to heart, with the reminder that she only had to like them enough to work with them. Their efforts were enough for that. “At the end of this hall here,” Hux cut through the silence with his smooth voice, gesturing helpfully towards the curved arc ahead of them and startling Rey back to attention. “Is the same exit you’ll find at the end of every hall. There is convergence to this point, aptly named the Crossroads. If you ever find yourself lost, just keep walking, and eventually you will loop around to find yourself here. The lifts are located at the end of the conveyer belt ahead, and most of them take you to all public domain floors, where you will find - alas - even more modes of transportation to lose yourself in. Watch your step here, my dear-” He’d been explaining the entire time they walked into what felt like a transportation center, filled with the whirring buzz of moving parts that made it difficult to hear normal conversation. Rey should have been listening, but he’d all but dragged her to the conveyer belt while she gawked openly at the enormity of the structure around her. She knew the ship was big; she’d traveled the hollowed out remains of Star Destroyers frequently in the past - but to see it all in motion, all those giant parts come to life to create what felt like a mechanical heartbeat, moving in synthetic breath, had her effortlessly captivated. Kylo had already walked past her to stand at the edge of the conveyer belt, waiting for them to join him. Hux was still beside her, having fallen silent once he’d noticed that she was distracted. When her eyes found him, she could tell he was enjoying her open awe, and she pursed her lips as she took his outstretched hand. The Finalizer wasn’t his design, as Starkiller had been; but Hux was still proud of its every feature, as if it had all been his doing in the first place. “Careful.” He warned again, as he led her onto the moving belt with him. She felt the vibration of Kylo’s heavy footfalls behind her, and turned around to look up at his imposing form. The moment her eyes tried to meet his, he shifted his gaze away. Was this how it was going to be, from now on? The thought sickened her, but the realization that this should have been preferable to her was what really started to worry her. “Now that you’re showing me all of this, does this mean you wouldn’t mind me exploring on my own?” Rey’s question was aimed at Hux, but her eyes were still on Kylo, almost daring him to react to the request. She saw it in the stiffness of his limbs, but to his credit he kept his anger in check. So she slid her gaze to the Admiral, and saw more of a reaction on his face than she could have expected. It wasn’t anger, exactly. It was - a furrowed brow, a tender frown. It was worry, or frustration, or something impossible to name when it was coming from him of all people. Now Hux wouldn’t look at her, but he responded just the same. “You’re free to roam the Finalizer as much as you wish. You’re not a prisoner here. You will be given an official title, rank, and security clearance as befitting your role as diplomat to the Resistance.” “For.” Rey interrupted him, forcing his piercing gaze up to her again. “For the Resistance.” Hux took a breath, sucked it in, and held it as he considered his words very carefully. When he finally spoke, his words came slow and punctuated. He wanted to be clear with her, but at the same time he feared spooking her too soon. “You don’t work for them, Rey. You’ll be on our salary. Live here, on our ship. Attend our meetings. This entire premise of diplomacy is our idea, you and I. The Resistance does not want to negotiate with us - your job will be to convince them otherwise. Which means you’re working for us. Do you understand that, Rey?” He hadn’t spooked her, but he saw that familiar flare of stubbornness burning in her eyes, and steeled himself by focusing on how much he loved that look; even when it was directed at him. “I’m not a member of the First Order.” Rey demanded, as if she’d just decided that stipulation to their agreement now, and prepared herself to fight for it. Luckily, she wouldn’t have to. “No, you are a neutral party.” Hux assured her, releasing a long breath as he did so. “We’re simply hiring you on as a consultant. I’m well aware that this does not mean you’ve suddenly come to terms with all the methods that the First Order employs to achieve our goals. It does mean you’re being enlisted to help us resolve our differences. But make no mistake - we are asking you to do this.” He reached up and settled one gloved hand on her shoulder, brushing it downward one inch before it settled. His head leaned in, to capture her eyes in his focused gaze, and forced her to register the breathy significance of his words. “ I , am asking you to do this. Is that clear?” Rey wondered if he had even the slightest idea just how much he managed to affect her, when he got that close, and his voice smoothed out until she could feel it just under her skin. Without trying, he could have likely convinced her to agree to anything, in that one quiet second. It was over as quickly as it had come, and she nodded, blinking away the dizziness until she felt like herself again. Behind her, she felt Kylo shift, and turned her head quickly to catch his reaction before he could wipe away any trace of emotion from his expression. She caught his eyes, and his lips twitched in a barely visible shudder, as though he wanted to smile but couldn’t quite remember how it was done. Instead, he reached up and set his gloved hand over her other, unoccupied shoulder. “If anyone can.” He muttered, the gruff sound of negativity still coating his low voice. “It would be you.” Rey wondered if he was trying to insult her, with that forced annoyance in his tone; but if he was, then he’d failed miserably. All he’d done was expose a deep, raw nerve within him; humming to life with the pure, undiluted faith that she could feel burning it’s way through their bond. If there was any doubt as to whether he believed in her, that painful and almost embarrassing thread of hope did its best to push that doubt away. She drove back the instinctual urge to shy away from both of them. In truth, it felt really good to be believed in that much. She wanted this feeling. She wanted it to last. When she smiled up at Kylo, he turned away, and she knew he was fighting harder against the feel of hope than she ever would. Maybe he wasn’t used to believing in anyone but himself - or believing at all, for that matter. Or maybe he’d believed in something undeserving one too many times, and refused to make the same mistakes again. She wanted to know. The thought hit her, surprising but untroubling regardless. She wanted to know why Kylo had betrayed and abandoned his family for the First Order. She wanted to know where he’d gotten the idea that killing his father would free him. She wanted to know why he still had room in his heart to believe in a little stray from Jakku after she’d slashed a scar across his face and lost him an entire arm. Rey wanted to know everything. And she guessed, now that she was here, that she just might have the chance to find out. “Now, may I steal your attention back to the present?” Hux asked, his tone returning to its light, crisp airiness. “These stops are all automated, which means you need to pay attention when you’re riding. On the left, coming up, is a partial Med bay for the command decks, which is where we are right now. It lacks some specific equipment as it’s meant just for higher command and is therefore smaller. Nevertheless, it should suit you fine if you ever get an injury - or if Ren gets particularly brutal in some training session.” Rey didn’t need to look back at Ren to know his fists were tightening up in anger; she could hear the leather creaking behind her just fine. “You need a full medical examination, but you can do that on your own time. Nothing out of the ordinary, just bloodwork and the like. I’d prefer you get that out of the way as soon as possible. The end of this line leaves you just above the first set of barracks - which take up most of the lower bulk of the ship, along with everything else. We’re exiting here in order to take the lifts down.” Rey thought the command deck crossroads had been impressive, but after a trip down what felt like a hundred flights of barrack floors at a dizzying speed, the lift opened to expose her to an even more impressive, yawning expanse. The long distance stretched out for what felt like miles, and she couldn’t even see the end of it. She imagined just how many floors of barracks were now pressing down above her head, and how many people filled that absurd number of bunks. Then her mind wandered to the thought of how that number, as unbelievable as it was, must be a pittance compared to how many had lived on Starkiller base when it was destroyed. And lastly, her mind fought to compare that number to the greater sum that must have been the death toll of the Hosnian System, in a dizzying reminder of the unthinkable loss this war had already taken for its toll. Her head swam for a moment, her eyes closed, and a hand rested on the small of her back to steady her as she stumbled roughly forward. She was being held up, her weight constantly shifting in need of the support Kylo’s touch and frame were giving her. “What is it?” Hux asked, the alarm in his voice almost painful. “Too many people.” Kylo answered for her, though she knew that his words meant something completely different to Hux than their real meaning hid. He was right. Too many people. And it was her job to make sure that never, ever happened again. “Shall we cut the tour short then? I didn’t mean to overwhelm you.” Hux’s hands were there to support her now, until the warmth of two men surrounding her with hesitant embraces began to seep comfortably into her bones. She steeled herself using that comfort, sucking in a deep breath through her nose and shaking her head. “I’m fine.” She promised them, but her words did nothing to ease either man. “Let’s continue.” She wasn’t fine. And Kylo knew why. When her eyes finally opened again, they lifted to his, and she saw too much behind the shallow mask of worry in his expression. She saw guilt, and hate, and desperation. She saw a tiny spark of hope, and a man who was very adamantly trying to snuff it out. Despite his best efforts, Rey saw it there, stubborn and pure. It was likely his best feature. “If you’re sure.” Hux murmured, releasing his hold on her and wrapping her hand back around his arm once more. Kylo refused to release her until they exited the hallway and entered a series of what looked like cafeterias, except that there were so many of them lined up one against the other, all the way across the ship until she couldn’t see them anymore. She wondered how the First Order managed to feed as many mouths as they employed. “The galley is staffed 24 hours a day, since our soldiers work on shifts, so there is always a hefty group of customers around at any point in time.” “Where does all the food come from?” Rey asked, her stomach grumbling painfully. She hadn’t eaten in far too long, and her body had already begun to get used to the idea of normal, timely meals. “Most of it is shipped, but we have sustained growth here, one floor below the recreation decks. Those are directly below us; they house training sims, a briefing complex, and recreational activities. In fact, the growth tanks were the last stop on our tour, one I’d hoped to get to show you. Come.” There was a tiny part of her that felt relief once they entered another lift and escaped the masses of Stormtroopers that were filling those benches, with their helmets off and their individual faces exposed. It had been easier to shoot and kill them when she imagined they were all just automatons, and not real people. As the door to the lift closed, one Stormtrooper lifted her head and stared directly at Rey, peering with a curiosity that chilled Rey down to her soul. When the lift bypassed the recreation and training floor, Rey almost asked Hux to stop so she could look around. She held her tongue, deciding at the last minute that she’d rather wander through their training courses without supervision, in case there was anything she could get her own hands into. They left the lift on the greenhouse floor instead, and a gust of warm, wet air had Rey’s skin sticky with sweat within minutes. She couldn’t care less about the feeling; she couldn’t even think about her previous plans to sneak back into the training floor once she entered the greenhouse, and started walking through the mile long floors of closed off greenery. There were fruit trees of every shape and size, all growing in their own little pens, like absurd, gigantic versions of the little glass dome Hux had given her the day he’d found her plant. She slipped her hand away from Hux’s arm, and her footsteps quickened as she lost herself in all the lush, organized greenery. “Well.” Hux murmured, stopping beside Kylo as they let the girl wander on her own. “I think we’ve lost her.” “She’s not used to this much life.” Kylo explained even as his eyes remained firmly focused on her dwindling form. “It pulses from everything around us. It’s intoxicating. She’s going to want to be in here for a very long time.” Hux lifted his gaze up to look at Ren, and the expression of satisfaction he’d been wearing slowly began to drift away. “Ah.” Hux breathed out quietly. “Something to do with the Force, I take it.” The tight catch in Hux’s voice managed to tear Ren away from watching Rey, and he turned his head fully towards the Admiral. He took a few seconds just to stare, as he caught the slight hints of jealousy barely breaking off of Hux’s firmly controlled emotions. He reached out, brushing his hands across the hair just above Hux’s ear. “I don’t need your pity, Ren.” Hux muttered out under his breath, though he made no move to stop the man from brushing careful fingers against the fine hairs of his bare neck. “It’s not pity, and you know it.” Something sharp cut through every word Kylo spoke, demanding they be taken seriously. The effort succeeded, though it would have been difficult for anyone but Kylo to know just how much. Hux’s head leaned imperceptibly into his hand. Kylo felt a sharp, needy pang of hunger making his heart race, and knew the feeling wasn’t his own. “This entire situation has gotten wildly out of control.” Hux breathed out, his voice cracked with something quietly desperate. “For all of us.” Kylo leaned in and set his forehead against the side of Hux’s head, whispering his agreement into the Admiral’s ear with a long sigh. “You’re right.” He admitted, closing his eyes. “But I was never very good at control.” Before Hux could gather his senses, Kylo’s eyes opened and he pulled away. He was looking far down the aisle, where the slightest stir of brown and grey indicated that Rey was finally coming back to them, her arms filled with color. She’d picked food, but she hadn’t eaten any of them because she recognized none. When she reached them both, she held her arms up and stared imploringly up at the Admiral. “Are these safe to eat?” She asked, whining in desperation. Hux blinked the glaze out of his eyes and checked her bounty, nodding his approval. “Safe, but you won’t like some of them. These aren’t meant to be eaten raw,” He pointed out as he held up an oval yellow fruit. “But they’re all safe. We could have gotten you something upstairs if you were that hungry, Rey.” He reminded her, walking forward to a specific section of the greenhouse with her and her filled arms in tow. Kylo plucked a Manta pear out from her arms and almost made her drop the entire bounty in protest, angry that she couldn’t eat as easily. “This is what I wanted to show you, before we head back.” Hux announced, as they arrived at a large, closed off section. He opened the door to let her inside, blasting her with an unexpected flow of cold air. The room was many, many degrees cooler than the rest of the greenhouse, and she set all of her fruit down on the ground to free her arms enough to wrap around herself. She picked out one of the same pears Kylo had taken, and when she bit into it, she knew why he’d stolen one. The sound she made was nearly obscene, and Kylo almost dropped his half-eaten pear in response. The glassed up area itself was one of the few that had nothing growing in it, just a giant square of untouched dirt waiting to be planted. She chewed on the pear and peered down into the empty soil with a dubious glare. “You wanted to show me dirt?” She snickered, oblivious to the implication of the empty, cold greenhouse. Before she realized he was behind her, Hux had already unlatched his cape from around his shoulders, and was wrapping it around her huddled form. His arms remained there where he settled them, holding her gently from behind. “I’m showing you your dirt.” He amended, evoking a startled jolt from the girl in his arms. “This is your greenhouse. For the plant you brought aboard my ship, and anything else you feel like growing. I had it cleared out and prepared for you last night.” Suddenly, even the dirt itself looked different to her. She imagined all the different things that could potentially burst out from it. Trees. Bushes. Flowers. Vines. Long, stringy tendrils of plants with big leaves and colorful little berries on them. She imagined them all, and her fingers twitched to get started immediately. Instead, they reached down, dropping the pear and digging her hands deep into the soil just to feel its potential. Hux immediately regretted giving her his cape. “I take that to mean you like it?” He sniffed out, trying not to express his discomfort as he imagined her hands clinging to his cape. “Like it?” Her words came out like laughter, bubbling out too fast to catch. “I LOVE it!” She was already turning around, her arms reaching out for him, but his hands were quicker than hers. They caught her by the wrists, holding her just seconds from draping around his body, and he gave her a quick smirk. “Hold that thought.” Hux begged, bending down to press his nose against hers. “Thank you hugs come after you wash your hands. You’re welcome, by the way.” Her hands sunk down to her sides, and she grinned up at him, nose to nose, and crossed her eyes. “Thank you, Hux.” Every second that passed this close to her made it harder to pull away. Eventually, when he did, it felt like ripping off adhesive, but he managed. He unlatched his cape from around her shoulders, and returned it to his own. When he turned, Kylo was in mid-bite, using the fruit in a vain attempt to keep from smiling. From what Hux could see, that attempt was an utter failure. “Oh, shut up.” Hux barked out at him, leaving the glass dome to head back outside. Kylo snorted into his pear, enjoying the moment for as long as he could until the feel of Rey’s hands wiping dirt off on his cowl ruined it all. “ Hey. ” He snapped out at her, as she bent down to gather all that she’d scavenged from the greenhouse. When she stood up again, she gave him the cheekiest grin he’d ever seen from her, and he almost threw his pear at her head in reply. She left the dome unscathed, but not entirely unchanged. In truth, that fate had managed to elude them all. Notes: Heyyyy so hey. So yeah that was the longest wait to get a chapter out that I ever managed. I would apologize a million times but most of you know that I had a hell of a month with the kidney stone and surprise LA trip to AX and then things just got really.. blocked. But I barged through that writing block and forced a bunch of my good friends to yell at me tonight until I finished this and LO AND BEHOLD. So hanyway, no more waiting this long for chapters unless emergencies pop up again, which they don't often do. On the plus side I feel really rested up in terms of writing so hopefully that translates well to story telling. So to any of you who are reading this, who are still with me even when I peaced out for a minute there, I just wanna say you mean the world to me, I really don't deserve you, but man am I glad you're still here. THANKS GUYS! In less crappy news I'm seeing some progress here. Maybe. I don't know. Maybe I'm fooling myself. 50 chapters of UST or bust. (Not really.) (I think.) (PS I LOVE SHEILA AND BRITA THAT IS ALL CARRY ON) Chapter 28 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Inside the glass dome, the air is different. Rey noticed it the first time she was brought there, but she was too distracted to worry about it then. She noticed it again now, as her heavily gloved fingers pushed deep into the soil of one of the square pods to make a safe spot for her plant. It wasn’t hard to figure out why; the air was being piped in from filtered grates on the tiled floor, and it tasted stale and synthetic to her. The air cycle of this dome was self-perpetuating, cycling back through enriching filters until it was breathable again. There was no connection to the air outside, save for what little escaped when she opened the glass door and pushed away the plastic curtain. As she molded her hands into the ground and relished the feel of soft earth moving under the pressure of her hands, she slowly began to realize why the precaution had been taken - it was the same reason her entire body was covered in a skin tight protective suit, impervious to organic matter. The same reason her small hands were swimming in thick gloves that looked comically oversized. Her pretty little plant was deadly, and though there was no proof that it released any airborne toxins, the Admiral was being extra cautious of such a dangerous life form on his ship. He’d given Rey so much, by allowing her this little piece of the Finalizer that she could call her very own. But his gift, the world she now possessed, was securely locked away in a glass dome and separated from everything around it. Her hands stilled as she dropped the plant into the hole she’d carved out for it, just to give herself a chance to process that. The bulbs of tiny flowers that craned upward from the plant seemed wilted, and dry. She knew it wouldn’t have survived much longer in that cramped space, and transplanting it here was its only hope. But for how long? It might grow indefinitely, now that the harsh climate of its past was no longer a factor. Now that the plant had the room, the resources, and no predators left to tear it apart, how long would it be until her little dome was filled with nothing but poison again? Rey laughed; and it felt good to laugh in that sealed, solid space, where no one could hear it. She laughed again, and felt the oppression of her voice being muffled by the lack of space. She laughed, because she was being over-dramatic and she knew it. It was easy enough to trim a plant and keep it manageable. All her whims managed to do was to conjure up the thought of a giant monstrous weed, suitable for nothing more than perhaps climbing up, and out. It would make a nice children’s story, she thought. After the plant was securely planted and watered, Rey realized she had nothing left to plant in her pods yet. She knew she could always pluck a cored fruit off of the plants in the main tanks, but she wanted her small piece of the ship to grow things that meant something to her. They would have to wait until she found something special before her garden really took flight. She pulled off her gloves and placed them in the sanitation sink, before walking out of her dome and heading back to the storage room that held her clothes in order to change. The plant had been her first priority; but now that it was taken care of, Rey had the chance to explore the parts of the ship that had already caught her interest. The training areas were her first stop, after a short lift ride carried her down into the bowels of the ship. There were training arenas filled with helmeted troopers performing drills and practicing on one another, but these held no interest for Rey, so she moved quickly and quietly past each of the glass observation windows that bore down on them all. Even when she kept her eyes averted, she could hear the grunts and cries of soldiers preparing for battle; and the longer she could hear them, the more agitated she became. They were a very poignant reminder of what those soldiers were training for, and how skilled they were at their job. By the time she reached the end of the platform, she could barely stop herself from slamming into the door before it could hiss open, and she realized she’d started to jog unintentionally. Her hands pressed against the door to stop herself, and then stumbled past it when it opened up in front of her. These training rooms were quieter, filled the the buzzing of electricity and machinery at work. She felt instantly relieved, breathing in a deep sigh while the sound of technology buried itself down into her to fortify her strength. This was the area she’d been looking for, the one that had sparked her curiosity from the moment she’d first laid eyes on it. Aerial skirmish simulations. TIE fighter simulations. Capsules swerving and swinging with unseen pilots working inside of them to achieve whatever objectives they were given. These were nothing like the single screen display she’d rigged in her AT-AT, with nothing but a joystick and a control panel to work her hands on. These were 360 degree simulators that promised more than just the visual experience. They tested quick thinking, dangerous circumstances, immersive sensory input, and constant distraction. She wanted in one. Very, very badly. Sliding from glass panel to panel, she searched in the hopes of finding an unused cockpit, but she realized quickly that these sessions were probably timed and scheduled on strict, enforced timetables. If she’d wanted in one, it might have been in her best interests just to ask Hux to- No. She stopped as soon as his name drifted into her thoughts, and stared down with unseeing eyes as she worked to convince herself to stop relying on him. He spoiled her rotten, and she was beginning to suspect that he wanted something in return from her, eventually. Her best guess led her to believe he was hoping for personal bias during negotiation, which she already knew she was in danger of giving. He’d been her enemy, once. Even if she tried to convince herself that he still was, she’d come to terms with how pathetically that would now fail. She wanted to trust those men too much, but they hadn’t earned that trust yet. And she was long past frightening herself with the idea that she wanted to trust them at all. Her thoughts were so far from her current location that she failed to hear very quiet footsteps clopping down the platform, stopping behind her, and falling silent. She failed to see the reflection of a man over her shoulder in the glass, with his head tilted as he watched her pressing both hands against it. When he spoke, his proximity came as a genuine surprise, forcing a broken scream out of her. She turned around, and rubbed her hand against her beating heart as she stared up into General Mitaka’s wide eyed face. “I am so sorry .” Mitaka’s pleading voice instantly soothed her, and simultaneously welled guilt up deep within her. He had flinched when she whirled on him, and now he looked like he was trying to curl up into himself and disappear. Everything about the man screamed gentle; a stark contrast to the men in white, clashing against one another in the training arenas. “Don’t be.” Rey assured him. “You just startled me, that’s all. I wasn’t really paying attention and - well. It’s all right.” She could tell her words weren’t comforting him much. ““I’m honestly grateful to see you. Please believe that.” He seemed to retain a meager amount of satisfaction from her sincerity, enough to return the stiffness to his back and the wavering smile to his lips. “Why would you be grateful to see me?” It was a good question, and Rey should have expected it after being so emphatic about her gratitude, but she couldn’t very well explain to him that she needed the company of someone other than Hux or Kylo or the hundreds of Stormtroopers behind them. She knew there was an insult in those words that only Mitaka would hurt from, no matter how well intentioned it might have been from her. He wanted to be on par with these people. She knew there was no part of him that would have appreciated the distinction. So she stumbled, and awkwardly made something up. “I’m curious about the simulator.” Even if her delivery was awkward, it was actually true. “But I take it they’re booked for use all day. Do you know where I can sign up for some time with one?” Hesitation flickered across his face. Rey had no clearance yet - and if she turned out to be a traitor after all this time, Mitaka’s help would have gotten her vital information on the First Orders training programs. He’d be fired for sure - right out of an airlock. “You don’t need to sign up, ah, I can get you some time, but would you mind terribly if I request clearance from the Admiral first? It isn’t that I don’t trust you, please don’t think that!” He flustered, suddenly embarrassed enough to flush red against his pale cheeks. “I just want to make every effort to be clear with him about - about - you know. You. ” Without meaning to, just the inflection of the word you made both of them burst out with snickers that fed into one other until they were purposefully trying to suppress their amusement in order to continue. “I don’t mind. Go on. And, um, Mitaka?” He’d already half turned before the sound of his name stopped him. “Thank you.” He turned back towards her, his nose crinkled with confusion. “For this? This is nothing. I’m a General now.” He leaned in and whispered with a hand beside his mouth, as if this was a secret that the walls could not be privy to. “They don’t give me enough to do around here, anyway. You’re doing me a favor.” He turned to leave her alone, barely making it out of earshot before his datapad was on and he was calling Admiral Hux on it. She turned back to watching the simulator shimmy and flip, suddenly anxious to have her own go at it. Her attention shifted to the way the pod was tilting, and she imagined all kinds of scenarios that would require the maneuvers they were performing. Suddenly, and without warning, she realized that the simulations were all likely programmed to fight Resistance ships. She’d be tasked with shooting down X-Wings like flies. Her impatience to test out the simulator began to bleed away, leaving an emptiness and a knot in her stomach. “Rey?” Mitaka was still a few feet away, clearly trying to get her attention without startling her the way he had the first time. She turned to look at him, and paled at the cheerful smile on his face. “The Admiral has cleared me to give you full use of the facilities. I offered to put us in one of the SF Ties so that I could keep an eye on you but - “ His smile turned sheepish. “My concern was unwarranted. You can go it alone. I’ve been given some specialized options for the simulation, if you’re interested? Admiral Hux seemed wary about the procedure without modifications. I can load them up for you in Pod MK-200, if you want a go at it right now?” She didn’t argue over modifications. The last thing on her mind was the possibility that Hux had anything to hide. Now, she was offered exactly what she’d wanted, only moments after realizing just how problematic that desire could be. She’d put Mitaka through the trouble of getting clearance, and now Hux knew she was here, too. She could walk away. Just tell Mitaka that she’d do it some other time, and never call on him for the chance again. It would be easy, and no one would ever have to know why. She was nodding her head before her brain had completely decided to stick with it, and only once she was climbing into the small, round, wingless cockpit of the flight simulator did her excitement finally rise up in her once more. The First Order model TIE fighter had several smaller changes to the control panel, and she acquainted herself with every flip and switch while Mitaka disappeared into a control room to load up her modified program. Her small form fit too loosely in the straps meant for a fully armored individual, so she adjusted the seat as high and close as it could go before reaching for an old helmet whose visors were attached to the sim structure. She plopped it on her head and it came to life, giving her a tinted view of the controls around her along with a dozen new specs and details to help her along the way. She could even see her own heartbeat after a moment, flashing on the tiniest corner of the visors screen. Mitaka returned to the open pod, and peeked his head in to tell her that her program was loaded. When he saw the girl sitting there, her slender form wearing a helmet far too big for her shoulders, a choked laugh escaped him instead. She turned around and quirked her head, which just made the helmet bobble comically and had Mitaka in stitches. “What?” Her voice wasn’t modified by the helmet, but it was muffled and echoed within, so she pulled it off to stare at him. “What?” She repeated, but the only response she got was him flailing as he sobered himself up. “Nothing, sorry. The sim’s up, it’s ready when you are, just - ah - “ She’d put the helmet back on, and he grinned at the back of her turned head, trying his best not to laugh again. “Start it up at your leisure.” His hands were on the cockpit door, sealing the tiny space shut before the sight of her could set him off again. She waited a few seconds before pressing her hands against the control panel and bringing it all to life, then went through the step by step checklist process the simulation ran her through. It took quite a few minutes before it even let her try to take off, but once the little pod lifted up and started shaking underneath her, she forgot her worries completely. And when her mission parameters began to scroll through the visor screen, along with visuals on her targets, she realized that she had nothing to worry about. Without a single word of caution, Hux had anticipated her problems with the simulator. Rey was targeting rogue pirate ships and vulture droids while dodging explosives in a mine field, leaving her free to immerse herself in the virtual exercise without an attack of guilt. He knew she’d see Finn in one of those ships. He was always one step ahead. No, she decided as she finished off a particularly thrilling barrel roll. He wasn’t just one step ahead. He cared. It was easy to convince herself in that adrenaline fueled moment of joy that the men who watched over her so carefully on this ship were doing so because they cared about her well being. It was easy to believe that she had friends, here. Not enemies. Not colleagues. Friends. Even Mitaka, with his hesitant smiles and nervous laughter. Even here, in the midst of all this preparation for war. She could find people who cared about her here, too. It wasn’t that improbable after all. At least, not while she was flying. The simulation lasted an entire hour, and by the end of it Rey’s hair had shaken it’s lowest bun out and stuck to her face around the edges. She pulled the helmet off and climbed out of the cockpit, whooping with delight. “That was fantastic! ” She called out to Mitaka the moment the door to the simulation room opened to reveal him there. “Have you ever tried one of these?” He nodded, reaching up to help her climb out of the pod and settle back on hard ground. “Basic piloting skills are standard issue training. I watched your performance. You’re quite good behind the stick, I must say. I’d hire you in a heartbeat if it were up to me.” Even if she didn’t like the idea of working for the First Order, it felt so good to hear that praise and know that she was good enough to warrant a job like that. “Well it’s not up to you.” She chided, poking him in the side. “But I wouldn’t mind a few more turns in there every so often, if you can manage it.” “I’m sure I can.” Mitaka promised her, as they exited the sim room together. The sounds of sparring returned, but she was relieved to notice that they didn’t bother her quite as much anymore. Mitaka stopped her once or twice, just to point out the facilities available should she ever want to train, and even named some of the officers in charge of running them as they passed. He sounded so proud. “Have you eaten?” He asked her, as he called down for the lift. “I’m off to the galley to put in a few personal requests, the staff are more favorable when you come down in person. I’d be happy for some company. If - you’re not otherwise occupied, that is.” “I haven’t, and I’d like that.” In truth, the cafeteria levels were the ones she’d dreaded exploring the most; and her meals had been delivered without request for what little time she’d been here. Choosing to eat while surrounded by that many Stormtroopers and First Order officers would have made her lose her appetite, if she’d attempted it alone; but with Mitaka there, it felt nice to be able to take control of her own meals again. At least now, she’d get to choose for herself. When they arrived, however, she became quickly acclimated with the lesser quality of food offered in mass quantity. Hux’s clever choices for her meals hadn’t been wild guesses - he always seemed to know her just a little too well. She picked up a bowl of what looked like red soup, congealed over at the top from sitting out too long. She stared at it for a moment, and wondered just when exactly she’d found the time to become picky over food. She felt spoiled, and immediately put the soup on her tray with fresh determination. A few pieces of bread followed, and she headed straight for the fruit selection when she realized someone other than General Mitaka was quietly following her. The General was locked in a friendly conversation with one of the galley staff, and in those few moments Rey had managed to catch the attention of a stranger. She picked up a peach and placed it on her tray, while her eyes carefully flickered to the side to get a look at them. It was a helmeted Stormtrooper, which tensed all of her muscles until they felt like tight coils ready to spring. She moved on to another section, and after a beat, the Stormtrooper followed. She turned around and returned to the fruits section, leaving them standing there in confusion for a moment, before they put their tray down beside her and tapped her on the shoulder. It was enough to set her off, whirling her around in a defensive stance that rattled her tray and spilled some of her soup off the edges. Both of the Stormtrooper’s hands were up in the air instantly, which was the only thing that saved him from getting knocked to the ground. “Sorry!” The trooper cried out, while simultaneously Rey barked out an order for him to tell her what he wanted. His hands moved to his helmet, pulling it off of his head as though it were some universal sign of peace. It wasn’t. Not for her, anyway. “I saw you when you came in.” He admitted, his light brown skin burning red around the cheeks with embarrassment. “With General Mitaka. But you’re wearing off-duty fatigues, and no rank indicator, and I was curious. I mean we were. See, over there.” Rey straightened up as he pointed out a table not too far from where they stood, filled with a handful of Stormtroopers eating their meal together. Two of them waved, but the rest seemed embarrassed to have been pointed out. “I didn’t mean to scare you. You can come sit with us, if you like.” She’d never been invited to a group like that, and it soured her stomach to think that the first time someone thought her interesting enough to pull into their gathering had to be with Stormtroopers. They looked friendly, harmless, and each one of their faces were different. Each one of their expressions exposed their unique reactions. Curiosity. Interest. Shyness. Hesitance. Excitement. The soup would have to go to waste. She’d completely lost her appetite. “Ah Rey, thought I’d lost you.” Mitaka sounded just slightly more formal when he spoke in the midst of his soldiers, and she could hear the echo of crispness in his fervent attempts to sound just as powerful as Hux always did. She turned to shake her head, but his eyes were on the Stormtrooper, who had already snapped to attention in the presence of his superior. “At ease.” Mitaka assured the man, before setting his hand on Rey’s elbow. “Did you want me to get that tray for you?” He asked, nodding towards the spilled soup and now soggy bread. She shook her head, and opened her mouth to explain that she was no longer hungry, when she realized the Stormtrooper who’d tried to reach out to her was already gone. Mitaka’s attentions had scared him off, and she caught sight of him just in time to see him sit back down beside his colleagues, and earn a round of ribbing, pats, and laughter. He met her eyes, and offered her one last, sheepish smile before returning to his meal. It was a smile that reminded her, with a crippling heartache, of Finn. She imagined him sitting beside those other men and women, clad in white plastisteel, smiling brilliantly- ”Finn!” She cried out, garnering quite a few startled looks around her as she turned back to Mitaka. “No time to eat. I’ve got to get back up and speak to Hux. I can’t believe I’d almost forgotten - I told him I’d contact him as soon as I was on the ship!” She was rambling, and Mitaka had absolutely no idea what she was talking about, but he flawlessly managed not to let his ignorance give him away. “Of course, of course. I believe he’s in his rooms - at least that’s where he was when I spoke to him last. Do you need me to - “ He was preparing to offer to help show her the way back, but Rey had already started to leave, breaking into a run right after waving his offer off. “I’ll be fine! Thank you Mitaka!” She cried out as she disappeared back towards the lifts. Mitaka’s face flushed heavily with embarrassment at the informality of her farewell, and he grumbled out a half-hearted carry on under his breath before swiveling on his heel and heading out of the cafeteria. --- The promise might have slipped by Rey in the short time she’d been on the Finalizer, but it had never left the back of Hux’s thoughts. She’d gone straight to the control deck once she’d learned of his current whereabouts, and he recognized it in the fierce look burning in her eyes. Before she said a word, he knew why she was here. He’d been prepared for this moment. All the details were in place, waiting for her to come barging in and call him out. She stopped a foot from him when he pressed a finger to her parting lips, stopping the inhale of breath and keeping her demands silent. “I know.” He clipped out, leading her into an office off of the deck for privacy. It wasn’t exactly empty; there were two officers working quietly at their own consoles, but it was a great deal more secure than the large open space where the Finalizer’s sizable crew worked together to pilot the ship. Rey swiveled around once they were inside, intent on getting a word out. That word was his name. “Hux-” The door hissed open once more, with Kylo lumbering through it quietly. He already looked to be in a foul temper, which Rey could feel rolling off of him like dry heat. She clamped her mouth shut again, and followed him with her eyes until he took a spot on the other side of the room, folded his arms, and rested back on the edge of a console. He was several feet away from them, without having said a word. But his eyes were on her, strangely expectant. “This console’s frequency is being scrambled every fifth of a second by Lieutenant Chase and Lieutenant Farrah.” Hux informed her, breaking her gaze with Kylo. “It’s as safe for them as it is for us. And right now, it’s all yours.” He gestured to the seat in front of the communications console, and she stared at it for a few long seconds before breaking out into a brilliant grin. She threw herself at him, her head slamming into the stiff fabric of his jacket before the rest of her managed to worm its way around him. She’d hit hard enough to bend him, hunched over until she all but disappeared into the swish of his cloak. He was less hesitant about returning the favor, this time; but she was too quick to appreciate the way his arms were rising, reaching for her waist to pull her closer. She was out of his embrace before she’d ever felt it, sliding into the seat and inputting the security code to send out her signal. Hux straightened before anyone could notice, setting his hand on the back of her chair and the other behind his back. His entire body exuded professionalism. The noisy snort of air that escaped Kylo reminded Hux that not everyone was that easy to convince. “How long do you think it’ll take before they respond?” Rey asked him, turning her hopeful eyes back up to him. He was loathe to disappoint an expression so pure. “Patience.” He told her instead, moving his hand from the back of the chair to her shoulder. “Do you even know what you’ll be saying, yet?” His question startled her with the realization that no, she actually had no idea what she was going to say, beyond the very basics. She hadn’t thought past hi . And there was so, so much more she needed to speak to them about than just a hi . Her eyes fell, and then snapped back up to meet his. “Will you be here the whole time?” She asked. Hux couldn’t tell if that was hope or dread in her shaky voice, and immediately prepared for the latter. “Only if you want me to be. If you desire some privacy-” “No.” Her interruption was a little too quick to be anything but desperation. She pulled back, but it was too late; Hux could tell there was a nervous energy building within her. “No.” She repeated, patting the hand on her shoulder and turning back to the empty, beeping screen. He leaned in, and whispered quietly in her ear. “You don’t need to say or do anything. This isn’t the last time you’ll get to speak to them.” One side of his lips turned up as he turned to face her, offering her a strangely comforting smile. “Just relax.” And she did. For all of three seconds. Then the screen blared with light as a visual connection was established, and her entire body froze up with tension. Why was she still so nervous about this? Hux’s words should have been enough to relieve her of her anxiety and allow her to enjoy this moment. She should have smiled more when Finn’s face filled the screen, sitting inches too close as if he was trying to climb his way through it. She should have laughed when she saw another man’s hands pulling him back into his seat with a hard thump, and smile at her as if he’d known her his entire life. She should have let go of Hux’s hand, instead of gripping it tighter on her shoulder. At least he’d had the common sense to straighten up before the link was established, leaving him visible as nothing but a stark white background in the monitor on the other side. “Finn!” She cried out, her voice shaky but eager. She pressed her hand against the screen, her fingers splayed out against where his expression transformed from confusion to relief. Behind him was the man who’d pulled him back from the monitor, and an older woman she’d never seen before. There was a pull, a feeling as if she should know her, and a simultaneous push coming from the connection that hung taut between her and Kylo. She flickered her gaze at him and knew, without asking, who she was - and why Kylo was refusing to come near the monitor, despite being there for the call. Rey’s heart dropped like a stone. “Are you alright? Did they hurt you?” Finn was still talking, babbling questions quicker than she had the focus to answer them. She tried to close herself off to everything but the faces on the screen, all of them peering at her with varying degrees of worry. To someone else, it might have felt frustrating. But to Rey, so unused to seeing people care about her well-being, it was a welcome sight. She relished in their concern, but not enough to keep from relieving it. “I’m fine, Finn. More than fine. I’m very well taken care of. I told you, you had nothing to worry about.” “Yeah, right.” Finn snorted out, his eyes rolling over-dramatically. “No big deal, just kidnapped by the First Order-” “Not kidnapped-” “-taken to their ship-” “Finn-” “And forced to say things like oh, I’m well taken care of, they even feed me Finn! And sometimes I get to go for walks! I’m so lucky! ” The last he’d said in a high-pitched voice, with a terrible rendition of Rey’s accent attempting to be replicated in his tone. She interrupted him one final time by yelling, at the top of her lungs. “FINN.” When dead air met her, she could see in his expression that he was still not convinced of her enduring free will. His brow was furrowed deeply, and his eyes kept flickering from her, to the hand on her shoulder, and back again. When she twitched her head towards the hand in response, it disappeared, and Finn folded his arms as if he’d heroically won an argument. “Rey, I’m General Leia Organa of the Resistance.” Finn’s silence had given the older woman a chance to jump in and speak. “Finn here has told me all about you. We owe you a great deal, and we’d like to help you any way we can. Is there anything we can help with?” Her offer was a little more subtle than Finn’s open outrage, but Rey knew that even General Organa was trying to get her to admit she was being held captive. She bit her bottom lip, and smiled. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, General Organa.” Just the sound of that name falling from her lips had a spike of agony sizzling through the bond with the man across the room, forcing her to wince before the smile returned. “I can promise you, I’m not being held against my own will. If I requested it, I would be given a ship to return to Neutral territory just the same way Finn was, when they let him go.” Her last sentence was more of a biting remark towards Finn’s behavior than an explanation of something she knew General Organa had already likely been briefed on. She punctuated it with one last scathing look at her friend, before returning her attentions to the General. “I’m here for diplomatic reasons. Peaceful ones, if you can believe it.” “I can’t.” General Organa deadpanned beautifully, with a dry wit that startled Rey into a brighter, genuine smile. “Well,” Rey continued, trying not to laugh through her words. “I hope that in the coming days I can change your mind about that. All I care about right now is an end to the slaughter. There’s been enough death for one war; don’t you think?” With a handful of words, Rey had silenced General Organa and her skepticism. The older woman was mulling it over, but Rey knew it wouldn’t be that easy. Still, if she could convince the General to work with her, perhaps a solution would eventually- “Where is my son?” Rey’s heart thudded painfully, hammering in quick time that echoed the pain of another. “I’m sorry?” Rey tried to feign obliviousness. By the look on General Organa’s face, she failed. Spectacularly. She was so terrible at lies. “Is he in the room with you? I’d like to speak with him.” There was little sense in hiding the truth of the matter; both Rey and Hux turned to look up at Kylo, who’d gone rigid as a board, but otherwise refused to express his emotions. These were emotions Rey was already receiving, as they rolled over her in agonizing waves that didn’t seem to wane. He shook his head, just once. No. “I don’t think that’s going to be possible, General Organa. Besides, I’m here because it would be better if the negotiations went through someone who isn’t in the First Order. To keep things civil.” “Civil. Right.” Rey didn’t mean to like the way General Organa’s voice had a rugged, snappy undertone. There was nothing overbearing or high-handed about the way she spoke. There was history in her voice, and Rey heard the sadness just as well as she heard the joy. “I’m not asking for him to be a part of the negotiations. I’m asking to talk to him.” Rey hadn’t foreseen this situation, and she looked up at Hux for guidance. The Admiral put his hand on her shoulder again, and then bent in to expose himself on the screen. “Greetings, General Organa. Forgive this interruption. My name is Admiral A. Hux of the First Order-” “I know who you are.” General Organa cut him off with a sharp wave of her hand. “Right.” Hux huffed out tightly, disgruntled by the impertinence. “Then you’ll understand when I tell you that Commander Ren is not available, nor does he wish to be a part of these proceedings. This offer for negotiations is an olive branch being extended to you by myself, and Rey here, alone. The Commander’s relationship with your majesty,” Rey heard the sneer in Hux’s voice, and wanted to elbow him in the stomach for it. “Really has nothing to do with these proceedings.” “These proceedings end here if you don’t produce my son on this screen, right now.” General Organa was putting down an ultimatum within minutes of discussion, and Rey’s blood chilled at just how ruthless and commanding the woman could be. She’d always thought Hux was going to be the difficult one when they sat down to negotiate; but in the span of this short conversation, she was proved entirely wrong. “I should remind you, General, that you’re hinging an entire galaxy’s future and the possible peace these deliberations could bring, on your own familial drama. I would say I’m surprised, but given the Skywalker’s ancestral history-” ”Hux.” Kylo’s voice boomed out from across the room, filled with an ill-tempered loathing that stood just shy of outrage. His roar was loud enough to silence the conversation - and loud enough to be heard by the trio on the screen. Before the outcry stopped her, Leia’s fingers had looked ready to disconnect the signal with an anger that caught Rey by surprise. It wasn’t that General Organa didn’t seem the type to get angry that surprised her, however; it was the way her eyes tightened around the edges, and her lips pursed full as they shivered with the threat of shouting. Oh , Rey mused to herself. So that’s where he gets it from. But Kylo’s voice had changed something in General Organa’s tight position. The sound of it seemed to have punctured something vital in the woman, forcing her to back up a step. Rey bit her lower lip when she realized that this was the first time Leia had heard her son’s voice in a very long time. Did he even sound the same? Was he a man, when he left? Would she even recognize her own son now? What a silly question , Rey scolded herself. A mother would always know. Her hands drifted back to press her fingers against the curve of her hairbuns thoughtlessly as the silence waned on. “General Organa?” The third person, a man Rey hadn’t been introduced to yet, laid a hand on Leia and tried to turn her towards him. “You all right?” General Organa’s eyes seemed keen on searching Rey for something that she was sure wasn’t there, before they returned to Admiral Hux and searched there too. “General Organa?” The man repeated, gently tugging on the woman’s arm. Leia turned to give him a gentle nod, before brushing him away. When she returned to the screen, her expression had calmed back into that wry, but tired woman from the beginning. “Rey, figure out details for an initial meeting, and get them back to Finn. He’ll report directly to me. And stay in constant contact, is that clear? I want to know you’re always there until we’ve got something sorted out.” And just like that, plans were in motion. “Yes, General.” Rey promised, smiling hopefully at the older woman. She was rewarded with a sad, heartbreaking frown. “Be safe.” Leia moved away from the comm system after issuing those final words, and Rey wondered idly if they were really only meant for her, or if Leia was inadvertently trying to reach out to someone else who could hear her, too. Finn and the other man were left alone with her, and Hux straightened and walked away from the screen. She watched him walk towards Kylo for a moment, before turning back to Finn with a sheepish smile. “Not as easy as it looked.” She told him, clear sarcasm audible in her voice. Then she breathed out a sigh, and her expression transformed with fondness. “Stars, it’s good to see you again Finn.” The console’s screen was monotone, devoid of any color; Rey would never catch the flush of dark red coloring his cheeks. He turned, looking for a distraction, and realized the other man was still beside him, waiting patiently. “Oh. Damn! Rey, I forgot - this is Poe, he’s the guy who got me on Jakku, the pilot. BB-8’s his. He’s alive!” “Took you long enough, buddy.” Poe teased him, before giving Rey a charming smile. “Poe Dameron. I’ve heard a lot about you, Rey. It’s real nice to finally put a face to all those compliments. At least now I know this guy wasn’t exaggerating.” She didn’t quite hear the rest of their conversation, because Finn managed to knock the console when he tackled Poe to the ground, and their muffled shouts and laughter were unintelligible. Besides, Rey’s attention had already been stolen; by the hiss of the door, and the stomp of familiar boots as Kylo rushed out of the room, followed by a flash of white. Hux turned to give her one last look, but the tense expression on his face betrayed just how badly that conversation between them had just gone. If there was one thing Rey had gleaned from the day’s events, it was that her new priorities towards Kylo had taken a severe shift upward that day. She’d hesitated long enough. She was going to get Kylo Ren to open up to her about everything, even if it killed her. And it probably would. Notes: As you may have guessed, this chapter took a little longer (but not nearly as much as last time) because I was working on that Reylux Fic Exchange fic with my favorite girl Aicosu! But I still managed to sneak this in here and there and then I was like, hey, I should wait a bit and post this later so there isn't a flood of too many reylux things to read at once, and then I waited like 4 hours and was reminded that I have the patience of a puppy with the promise of a treat. SO THAT WENT RIGHT OUT THE WINDOW AND HERE WE ARE! Lots of important shit happens in this chapter. Not sexy shit though. I would apologize but lbr anyone who's still reading this waiting for the smut has long since passed on to the abyss and is floating there cursing my name. SO INSTEAD I WILL BLESS YOU FANTASTICAL READERS WITH SOME FUCKING AMAZING ART! Firsst off, I commissioned this a while back, and holy shit was it worth the wait. Here's Rey and Hux dancing by Winterofherdiscontent on tumblr. I mean. What the good god, so gorgeous. I knew she was going to take these characters to the next level but my GOD. So enjoy that! And secondly, an unbelievably kind person, thedarkside-and-thelight on tumblr, seems to have SNEAKILY COMMISSIONED ART OF MY FIC AS A GIFT. HOW DARE!!! I was really frantic when I first saw it, and even looking at it just now brings me close to tears. I'm so happy to get to share with you all this beautiful image done by the AMAZING auroralynne on tumblr - so please enjoy Kylo, Rey and Hux: Return to the Finalizer Whew. This has been such a big day, not just for me, but for the Reylux fam in general. After you've finished reading this, make sure you check out the brand new 2016 Reylux Fic Exchange fics that were just posted up today, there are six of them (soon to be seven!) and they range from hot smut to unbelievable plot, something for everyone. I LOVE MY FAM AND I LOVE YOU ALL FOR STICKING WITH ME! Thank you guys so much for everything, I don't deserve you! Chapter 29 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) She’d already hesitated too long. The past few days felt like years to Rey, but even when she stretched them out in her thoughts and tried to piece together some sort of timeline, it all sears together in a rush of non-stop motion. She’d had exactly two chances at peaceful moments with her own thoughts, and neither of them had been spared to focus on Kylo. Now the plan to enter into peaceful negotiations was underway, and everything that had happened on that planetside base felt like a distant memory. Her training; that dinner; the snow; and Kylo’s uninvited warmth, spreading against her side in an awkward attempt to comfort her during Finn’s departure. She’d been scared that he would change, that day. Now, she was scared of how little she knew of the man she was dealing with in the first place. She didn’t know Kylo Ren. Not really. A few stolen moments of uncharacteristic gentleness would never explain away a veritable lifetime of transgression. It would have been easy to dismiss it all if she hadn’t conscripted herself into long term service by his side. Even then, it would have been simpler if he’d shown an inkling of the monster that she’d come to expect. Instead, he retracted all of his claws and kept his teeth carefully hidden behind a mask that wasn’t going to be as easy to break as his first one. But she’s stubborn. And patient. And it’s finally time to chip away until she finds whatever it is that actually drives him. So she’s steeled herself. And out of nowhere, she just - asks. Unsurprisingly, his first response to being asked about his past is a heavy silence, followed by the stomp of departing feet. “Kylo,” She demanded, hurrying to try and catch up to him. “Kylo, wait.” Her thoughts betrayed every question on her mind at once, and Kylo had no intention of waiting for that. She’d seen him less and less after that. A shadow ducking behind corners or a slammed door closed right before hers opens. It doesn’t take long until she gets the hint. And it hurts. When she finally asked to see Hux, it was only because she’d grown tired of chasing around a man that acted like a child wearing a monster’s hide. Her pleas came as no surprise to the Admiral, nor did her sudden, direct confrontation when she arrived. “Why is he like this?” All he’d had to do was open the door, and she’d stepped in uninvited, dropped to sit down on the ground nearby, and set her head in her hands. Hux was caught with his hand on the still-open door, staring over his shoulder at his guest. After a beat, the door closed and he let the feeling of familiarity settle on his shoulders as comfortably as his cape. It’d been a dangerous choice, once. To become this complacent around her, to find the endearment in every action that otherwise should have disturbed him. That particular fear had been compartmentalized not so long ago, set in its own cabinet and neatly locked away. Now, when she overstepped her bounds his mind no longer raced to search for some rationalization. This was simply Rey. And around her, he was simply Hux. How morbidly cathartic. “You’ll have to be more specific, dear.” Hux pointed out, picking the chaise lounge across from her to sit on and settling in. “There are a great many things wrong with Kylo Ren, and I can’t read minds the way you can. What has he done to rouse your ire this time?” Before she could answer, he raised his hand up and patted the seat next to him. “You don’t need to sit on the ground in my quarters. I hope you know that.” Despite his offer, Rey did nothing more than shift herself closer, until her legs were folded up right in front of him, where she could face him while she ranted. “I like it here.” She replied, brushing the offer away with a callous air. She was too focused to worry about etiquette, now. “He was a chore to be around before, but now he’s hiding from me. He’s actually hiding from me, because he knows I want to ask him about his past and he’s just so - so - “ She let out a loud cry of frustration that morphed into a growl. There wasn’t a word foul enough in her vocabulary for Kylo, yet. “You can’t be surprised.” Hux drawled out, lighting a cigarette from the pack sitting on the corner table beside his lounge and breathing in a deep drag. “Has he ever given you cause to think he wants to discuss his past with you? Surely you’re aware by now that there are some very awkward ties to the Resistance he’d like to forget about - not to discuss at length, or relive through sharing.” “Was he ever in the Resistance?” Rey doesn’t deny that Hux is right - she shouldn’t have ever expected anything less from Kylo Ren than total avoidance. Still, stubborn as she was, she refused to admit her mistake and prodded the man in front of her instead, desperate for answers. Hux set his cigarette down in a dish and leaned in, settling his arms against his knees. His hands clasped, inches away from her face, and he gave her a slight, careful smile. “That’s classified .” He informed her, the humor in his voice evident. If she was going to try and pry information out of him, he wanted her to know the risks he was taking for her. When she looked up at him, she saw the warning in his eyes, filtered through the cold, nearly colorless pupils that never managed warmth if they weren’t set on her. When he looked at her like that, it struck her just how young Hux could actually look. This job, this war - all of it was an unflattering countenance on him, but she hadn’t spared a chance to notice until now, in the absence of it. Still, she got the message. “Please.” Rey murmured, her voice scratchy and thick. “I need to understand.” It should have been Ren himself telling her all of this, Hux thought. But it was important. Hux had warned the man that he’d placed many hurdles in front of him in order to gain Rey’s trust, and this was a particularly bad one to be failing so miserably at. Rey clamped down around Hux’s balled up hands, and he chuckled at her impatience. “Stop fretting. You knew I’d tell you, regardless.” He turned his hands around, and suddenly hers were lost, hidden within his grasp. “In truth, the Resistance didn’t even exist yet. Ren’s indoctrination into the First Order was not so very far from when General Organa began to officially rally her troops. I’m sure there were quieter gatherings before then, but the Resistance as a public, known entity is only a few years old, at best.” She’d come looking for answers about Kylo, but suddenly Hux had diverted her interests to the Resistance itself, enthralling her with every new detail. “I thought - I suppose in my head, the Resistance was just always there. So what did General Organa do before she formed it? What did Kylo do?” She couldn’t stop herself once she’d begun to ask questions, interrupting Hux from answering one by asking yet another. “How old is he? I can’t believe I don’t even know that.” “According to personnel, 29.” Hux chose to answer the latter, because it was easiest. The look of surprise on Rey’s face was a gift. “Did you think him younger, or older?” “It’s hard to say.” Rey breathed out, but the shake of her head made it clear that it wasn’t hard at all. “No, definitely younger. I mean, sometimes - sometimes he has this expression and I wonder if he’s ever really grown up at all. But when he had his mask on, it was different. He was - “ “Ageless.” Hux offered, all too intimate with the very purposeful effect of Ren’s outfit. “I’m aware.” He pulled one hand away, and plucked the cigarette back up from its dish. He sucked in a long, calming drag of his cigarette when images of his past altercations with the masked Knight of Ren flipped through his memories unbidden. “I suppose that was the point.” He admitted, his words tumbling out in a breathy exhale of smoke. “To imbue a sense of immortality. He couldn’t very well have anyone thinking he was susceptible to something as human and mundane as death, after all.” His lips quirked in a very slight smile. “Or something as common as a cold. Would you have ever taken him seriously again? Just one sniffle, and all of his careful construction crumbles.” Even as he spoke, Rey was beginning to realize that this was exactly why she’d begun to view Kylo Ren as an entity separate from the creature that had hunted her in the forest, and killed his father in cold blood. But they were the same person. She tried to force herself to remember that; to mash the two together to create one complete paradox, inescapable and inexplicable. Hux could see, deep in the faraway look of her eyes, that Rey was trying to work it all out on her own. It would have been easy to let her come to her own conclusions. Easy, but dangerous. So instead, he fed her more of what she so desperately craved. “He entered the First Order’s personnel files six years ago. There’s no record of whether he’d been working privately with Snoke before that, but he must have.” He’d managed to capture Rey’s attention back to the present, and she pulled her hands away from the ball they’d been in, against his knee. She shuffled to rest her side on the chaise lounge, facing the pristine black of Hux’s pant leg. She was curled up by him, as if ready to listen to a bedtime story. His hand itched to rest on the murky brown top of her head, and nearly settled there before thinking better of it. “And before that?” She pried, her eyes no longer on him. “Ren’s former life outside of the First Order has no place in our records. As an officer, I have not been made privy to it.” It sounded so clinical, so final, and Hux waited for the inevitable turn of her head. He expected it. He’d almost hoped she’d be clever enough to press on. She turned her head up, and his prideful heart soared at the mischievous doubt on her face. “But you know, anyway.” His lips twisted, helpless to the smugness in his veins. “But I know, anyway.” He repeated, meeting her eyes. “Are you absolutely sure you wouldn’t rather hear this from Ren himself? He may warm up to you, one day. Miracles do happen.” Whether or not Hux had a point seemed irrelevant to her. Rey wanted answers. Now. She shook her head, settled closer, and rested her head on the chaise. Now, there was no denying her expression. She was preparing to listen to his storytelling with rapt, childlike attention. It would not do to disappoint. “General Organa and her lover weren’t together often. This actually was public knowledge - I’ve dipped into what can only be considered research in the loosest of terms, dating back years before Ren had even been born. Tabloids, you see. Gossip. Drivel. They were more interested in General Organa’s love life - or lack of one, as the case was - than her political policies. She was a Senator at the time, and created her fair share of controversy. But all these trash holos ever spoke of was how lonely she seemed. How infrequently her lover - and later, her child’s father - was ever around. I can only imagine how little that endeared Han Solo to his son.” Hearing Han’s name made Rey’s breath hitch. It wasn’t a surprise - she knew who Hux had been talking about. But the name - she hadn’t heard his name spoken out loud since the day Kylo had plucked it from her head. It hurt, like an old wound tearing open somewhere inside. She kept that pain selfishly, letting it burn her until it would leave a scar that could remind her later of what she’d lost. But Han was his father . And Kylo had killed him . Rey felt the faint memory of that dream again, whispering traitorous revelations to her. Whispering of how much he’d lost by doing it. “Rey?” Hux asked, his head tilted curiously. “You seem distracted. Shall we stop there?” Her answer was a swift shake of her head, and she shifted, as if she could straighten up in order to listen better. “No, I want more. Tell me everything.” He knew he couldn’t do that; not for lack of want, but because even he did not know the more private details of Ren’s personal life. Research had only given him a glimpse; not nearly enough to garner any true answers. “As far as I’m aware, being a Senator was a full time position. I concluded, therefore, that Ren was neglected. By his absentee father, and his occupied mother. As he was an only child, whatever his childhood consisted of, he dealt with it alone.” A missing father. A busy mother. A lonely childhood. Whatever Rey had hoped to glean from Hux’s research, this sudden empathy for Kylo Ren’s life was not it. She didn’t want to feel this pity. This understanding. She didn’t want this connection just as much as she didn’t want their bond. She closed her eyes, imagined marks scratched crudely on metal walls, and briefly - just for a moment - wondered if those marks had been scratched out anywhere else. “What was your childhood like, Hux?” She asked, opening her eyes up to look at him. His expression went frigid with surprise. “I thought we were discussing Kylo Ren.” He evaded the question smoothly, but by the looks of it she wasn’t going to let him get away that easily. He should have known this line of questioning would eventually lead around towards him, but he’d convinced himself that Rey was only interested in getting to know Ren better. His heart pulsed with a faint, unfamiliar pain. It was always smart to assume the worst. “All right.” His voice had gained a strain to it, gravelly and coarse. He cleared it away, and gave in to the urge that had been plaguing him since she’d sat by his side. He set his hand carefully on the top of her head, and brushed down the length until his fingers were stopped from moving further by her top bun. This gesture continued as she returned her head to the chaise lounge, and waited for him to speak. “I’m afraid there’s nothing scandalous enough for tabloid gossip in my childhood.” He admitted, breathing in a quick gulp of smoke from the cigarette in his other hand. “I was born to a soon to be exiled Commandant of the Imperial Forces and his wife. While planetside, I went to classes. Once we were ousted, I trained with my brother in rudimentary battle scenarios on board whatever starship we were living in at the time, and then I was shipped off to Academy. By the time I graduated, the First Order had just begun to make its presence known. I progressed. I excelled. And eventually - “ “You had a brother?” It had taken her a moment to let that sink in, and it amused Hux that of all the things he’d said, she’d latched on to that one. He nodded, immediately inciting another question before he could continue. “What was his name?” He paused on the question, hesitant to let that particular name fall from his lips. It had been too long. “Brendol Jr. Hux.” The name itself felt like a ghost chilling the air around him, forcing the hairs on his neck to stand on end. Rey shifted under his hand, and he focused all of his attentions on her as a welcome distraction until the look in her eyes warned him that it wasn’t welcome at all. He saw a curiosity there that he’d instigated. Her lower lip disappeared, worried between her teeth as she struggled to find the right words. She wasn’t quite done with him yet. “Would it be - I mean, do you mind if I ask - if Hux is your family name, then what’s - “ Ah. It could have been worse. “My name.” He regarded her carefully, and considered his options. He could refuse the question, and let her curiosity stew until she turned to find someone else who would appease her. He could be honest, and give her everything - exposing himself in raw and unfamiliar ways that he knew he was not prepared for. Or. A compromise. “My name,” He began, breathing in a deep sigh as if telling her this was a chore. “Is Alexander. Not common knowledge, I warn you. I’d rather you didn’t call me that in public. Not even Ren is aware of it - unless he’s managed to pluck it from my mind at some point.” And even if he had, Alexander would not have been the name he’d stolen, regardless. Hux did not often think of - or even use - his middle name. But he would speak even less of his first. “Who knows it, then?” Rey sounded breathless, like the thrill of a secret was all she’d ever wanted. For a single moment, Hux felt a soft pang of guilt. “General Mitaka, Captain Phasma, and,” He paused, delaying the completion of his sentence by taking another swift drag of his cigarette. When he blew it out, his lips lifted to one side in an affectionate smirk. “Now, you. That’s all.” It appeased her. He could almost imagine it coming off of her in waves, and in the smile she wielded like a weapon, large and goofy and striking to the very core of him. He rose an eyebrow, and put his cigarette between his lips for an excuse to block the sight of her temporarily. “How can I get him to talk to me?” He couldn’t see Rey when she asked this; he moved his hand away to focus on the already dwindling smile. “Like you do. I just want to talk. It helps.” “Helps - what?” He’d almost said whom . It sounded bitter on his tongue, like he was questioning her actions. He’d corrected himself before it had a chance to surface. When he scanned her features, he caught no hint that she’d noticed. “It helps me not want to abandon this mission, for one. I’d like it better if I was here with - you know.” Hux’s breath stuttered. He let it resolve itself before answering. “I do not know.” She flickered a frustrated expression up at him, before shrugging. “With friends. People I actually want to be around.” She was a singular presence in his life, taking him through turns he’d very effectively avoided until now. A chuckle escaped him before he could stifle it, and he could see the hurt pass her soft features before it all drained into a stubborn pout. “Do you consider me your friend, Rey?” He asked, laying his hand back on the top of her head. She pinched her nose up in concentration, and let out a long, frustrated sigh. “I’d like to.” He’d never heard a more promising admittance in his entire life, and for once, he didn’t try to tamp down the quickening of his heartbeat or the excitement of something as preposterous as having her as a friend. When he responded, just a few seconds later, his voice sounded quite pleased. Perhaps even a little smug. “You may.” She rolled her eyes up at him, in her best attempt to look annoyed - but everything about her transformed the moment he’d accepted her friendship. Her gaze brightened, her lips twisted up giddily, and he could have sworn that her very skin could almost glow with her joy. But that, he surmised, was probably just his imagination getting the best of him. “Thanks for the permission .” She taunted him, scrambling up to her feet in a move that had him jolting with surprise. She used his knee to push herself up, and then stood in front of him. “Does that signal the end of our rendezvous?” Hux asked her, careful to pull the regret out of his voice before he spoke. She nodded, lighting up in a smile. “I’m going to try again. With Kylo. Only now I don’t need him to tell me about his past anymore. I just need him to tell me about who he is now. That’s what matters, right?” Despite his hesitation at her departure, he had to admit that she had a much better chance of connecting to Kylo if she wasn’t torturing him through his memories of the past. This was an improvement - and her chances of success were better for it. “Always the clever girl.” Hux answered, standing to walk her out of his quarters properly. “You will keep me informed on your progress, won’t you? I’m starting to get rather fond of these little talks.” “That’s what friends do.” Rey pointed out, already at the door before she turned around and beamed at him. “They talk.” She didn’t wait for his response. She was already leaving, with that spring in her step that could only spell disaster for Kylo Ren. Hux watched her leave, and when she turned and waved her fingers from afar, he found himself doing the same. A voice that wasn’t his own, just an echo of a memory of a phantom long gone, whispered to him of a job well done. Rey’s friendship was an elusive prize, and he’d won it, just as he’d always planned. He ignored the voice, and all of the pride he’d once fought so desperately to hear in its deep baritone trill, and closed his door. When she found Kylo, he was already shutting his door behind him, and she held her hand out to stop the door from locking, just an inch before it closed. She felt his sudden push back, and put both of her hands on the edge of the doorway, where he could see them. “Close this door and you cut off my fingers.” She warned him. It worked fast enough to make him give up his press on the door, but she still couldn’t get it open. Instead, she inched herself into the slivered crevice of open doorway, sneaking through it with less difficulty than he’d hoped for. Once she was in the room, his hands dropped, and the door at her side slammed shut. Kylo’s pointer finger rose up to jut an inch from her nose. “I don’t want to talk about it.” He hissed out, answering her questions before they’d even begun. Rey kept her face neutral, and shrugged. “Talk about what?” She asked, masking her voice with innocence. He looked unimpressed by her charade, but let his hand fall. ”Everything.” There was no denying that she’d been practically bursting with questions for the last few days, but when he searched for them now, he came up deceptively empty. She wasn’t blocking him out, but she was being very careful. It didn’t matter. He remembered them all, and there was no way he was going to open up to her about his past like she wanted. He’d rather she stay at a distance, than ever let that happen. “I came here to ask you to spar. You haven’t taught me anything new since we’ve gotten here, and I’d rather not get lazy about it.” It was such an innocuous request. But beneath the surface, she’d already gotten a taste of how desperately he wanted to teach her. If she was using this knowledge to her benefit now, it was a sinister, dirty trick. He tried very hard not to feel impressed. His fingers stretched, and his lightsaber shot into his hand. He walked as he clipped it, heading for the door. “It’s about damn time.” Rey kept her thoughts, and her intentions, close and tight. He hadn’t managed a read on her even after they’d ignited their weapons in the cargo bay, and begun to swing in loose, lazy arcs. It all began so tentatively, like they were testing one another. That hesitance wouldn’t last very long. Kylo’s saber was bent in too close, pushing her back until she was arched to keep away from it. She could feel the intensity come off of him in waves; as angry as his expression was, he’d wanted this more than anything. He wanted to feel her strength war against his own, and see her teeth grit in determination. He was enjoying this. That made it the perfect time to strike. “So who taught you how to fight?” She growled out, watching his every reaction. Recognition glittered in his eyes, followed by a fleeting moment of haunted memory. He swung his lightsaber dangerously, knocking her back with his weight before flipping it around and backing away. When she found her footing, his saber was pointed directly at her face. “Is that why you brought me here? Just to needle answers out of me after all? Is that all this is?” He sounded insulted. Betrayed. Hurt. His voice had pitched high, and his eyes glared at her in disgust. She tried to push down the guilt his expression was twisting up within her. “You want me to trust you enough to teach me.” Rey shot back. “If you think for one second you deserve that trust right now, you’re mad. You’ve got to earn that trust. And that starts with letting me in!” He heard the echo of Hux’s voice, warning him. He’d already been told once, that he had to earn Rey’s trust. But if that meant opening up about his past - He switched his lightsaber off, and ran a gloved hand through his hair until he could tug on his locks, burning his scalp with the temporary pain. This time, Rey was patient. He growled, and huffed, and stalked around as he warred with himself over this, and she stood by, waiting for him. When he finally spoke again, she could recognize the conflict in his voice. She’d heard it before. Just once, in a dream. “You don’t know what you’re asking of me.” “I know exactly what I’m asking you. Nothing more than what I’d give back.” She powered her lightsaber down, and let it drop to the ground. When she took a step towards him, he automatically took a step back. “You don’t want to tell me about your past? Fine. But you can’t expect me to trust you unless you tell me who you really are. Right now, Kylo. Who do you say you are, now? What is it you really want?” Somehow, these questions were both easier, and more difficult for him to answer. “And what if I told you, Rey, that there was no answer to that question, anymore?” When he spoke, Rey chanced another step forward, and this time he did not move away. “You make it sound so easy . Your motives are always so damn pure. You have no idea of the power of the Dark Side.” Just the sound of those words, and the way he said them, had her chilled to the bone. He saw it, and his lips twisted into something mocking a grin. “I’m urged down a path that’s already ended. I know Snoke was using me. I always knew, deep down. That doesn’t change where I must go. What I must do. There’s no turning back from this.” He looked down at his weapon, and his expression grew cold. Hard. “ That is who I am, Rey. I belong to the Dark Side. The only difference your presence makes,” His cold eyes flickered up to her through hooded lashes. “Is that I can keep you from making that same mistake before it’s too late.” The admission felt like a cold slap to Rey’s face. “Are you saying you thought I would fall to the Dark Side? You think I would ever -” He was on her before she could finish speaking, pressing both of his hands against the sides of her head and stilling her until she was frozen in shock. His eyes closed, pinched, and then she felt it coming over her in waves. He was showing her something - something she didn’t want to see. It was just flashes. Images. Scraps. It was enough. Her hands lifted to tear him away as she stumbled back, recoiling from everything he was showing her. His eyes opened, and his hands fell to his sides helplessly. “What was that?” She asked, but she already knew. Blood on her hands, a throne at her side, a withered hand pressed cold against hers. A mask, as terrifying and unwanted as the one Kylo had once worn, resting easily on her own face. And against her waist, wrapped around her possessively like a vice - gloved hands - “A path.” Kylo whispered. His hands balled up into fists. “Not yours. Not anymore.” She’d come looking for answers, but not these. Not these. She didn’t want these. She would never - could never - She turned and ran out of the cargo bay, stumbling with every other step, and leaving her lightsaber discarded on the ground thoughtlessly. Kylo did not follow. Could not follow. He trembled, desperate to run away himself, without anything tangible to run away from. Instead, he slowly disentangled himself from her terror, and plucked her lightsaber up off of the floor. Holding it in his hands felt like a betrayal, and he clipped it to his belt too quickly as if it was scalding his skin through his gloves. When he finally left the cargo bay, he knew there was a chance she’d leave them, now. And the possibility didn’t scare him, for once. It wasn’t her dream. Rey knew this, because she’d never been in a city before, and this was most definitely a city. Buildings screamed upwards, high enough to burst past the bubbly cotton clouds and look like they were hovering in mid-air. She was transfixed, sitting on the windowsill and staring at the view. If she fell, she’d fall for days. Would there be anything left of her by the time she reached the ground? She leaned further, and felt the wind whip at her dangerously, tugging at her clothes and hair. She felt like giving in to its pull. This wasn’t her dream. “Get away from that window, Ben.” A voice snapped out, as a woman called to the boy on the windowsill - and oh, but she was beautiful in such a strong, effortless kind of way, and Rey wished she’d been her mother. No, she didn’t wish that at all, a voice deep inside her promised. Rey begged to differ. “Put your robes on. Your uncle will be here any minute.” “I’m not going.” The little boy said. Rey could hear the words as if they were coming from her mouth, but they were not. “You can’t make me. You can’t.” Senator Organa had been pressing down wrinkles in the outfit she’d laid out for the boy when his words stilled her hands, and she straightened up in order to look at him. Both of her hands went to settle on her hips, regarding him impatiently for a few long seconds, before she finally walked to stand by the windowsill. Rey could feel the heat of her against her side. Leia settled one hand on her son’s knee, and Rey wanted to set her hand on top of that hand. It was such a simple gesture. “I thought you wanted to go. Wasn’t this your idea? Running off to be a Jedi because being a politician was - how did you put it - murderously boring?” Ben hadn’t looked at his mother until that moment, but when he did, Leia seemed to shift at the sight of the haunted look in his eyes. He’d thought his uncle could have helped him. He thought training could help him where his mother and father couldn’t. He thought - “I changed my mind. I’m staying.” There was no one who could help him, anymore. “He’s come all this way, Ben.” Leia scolded. “Just for you. You can’t do that to your Uncle. Give him a chance, at least. If it’s not for you, you can come back once I’ve returned from the conference. Just - “ Ben’s eyes widened, before they narrowed to slits. This wasn’t about what he wanted. This was about her, after all. Her carefully laid plans, all set out like the robes on his bed. How dare he disturb them. He could feel her impatience leaking out of her in waves, leaving him feeling unwelcome, undesirable. He sensed the snap of her tight emotions curl up within him, frustrated and angry at her own son’s hesitance. This wasn’t the first time he’d changed his mind about the Jedi, and now she’d found her breaking point, leaving her just desperate enough to want the boy out, out, out - “LEAVE ME ALONE.” The outburst silenced his mother, but he could see the threat of discipline bubbling up from her lips, threatening to snap right back at him. Her temper is where he’d gotten it, after all. Something he would never understand had her swallowing that temper for the first time, and giving him exactly what he wanted. It wasn’t emotion, or else he’d have felt it. This time, whatever made Leia move was based on unfeeling, calculated thought. Leia swiveled and walked out of his room, leaving him alone with his thoughts. With his despair. And most of all, with his aching regret. It was far, far too late for her to hear him when he buried his head into his hands and whispered an apology. When he whispered where no one else could hear him - (but Rey heard him, now) - “Don’t let me go.” Rey woke up heaving, unable to catch her breath. She clutched her chest as she sat up and tried to find some focus of calm, but when she grasped for her own center, it changed nothing. She was still crippled, gasping with pain that wasn’t her own. She felt his anguish. And for as terrible as it felt, she was reminded of how it paled in comparison to the way Kylo - Ben - could feel his mother’s heart. She’d holed herself up in her quarters after her confrontation with Kylo earlier, struggling with everything she’d seen in the dark silence of her locked room. She’d refused to come out for any reason, and fell asleep curled into herself, locked in struggle with her own thoughts. Now, though, she ripped the covers off of her legs and stormed out of the room, heading straight for Kylo’s. She considered knocking on the door, and even managed to lift her fist when she heard the click of the opening door. He knew she was there. He’d probably seen her coming from the moment she’d decided. She pushed the door open and then closed it behind her once she’d entered. The room was in complete darkness, but she knew where everything was. She padded to the bed, where she could see the bare silhouette of the man sitting up, with his arms curled around his bent legs. He was staring out a window that no longer existed, and she wondered briefly if he wished he’d just jumped. “Kylo.” She whispered into the darkness, and she heard him shift like a wraith disturbed. “Kylo?” She called out again, edging closer. When her knees hit the bed, she set her weight down against it, and heard the creak betray her. “Don’t.” He whispered back, his voice hoarse with emotion. He’d been crying. She couldn’t really be surprised. “I see it.” She admitted, refusing to give up that easily. “When you dream. So don’t tell me you don’t want me here right now.” His head snapped forward, and she could almost see the glitter of fear in unshed tears that reflected whatever miniscule light there was in his room. He was glaring at her, but that didn’t stop her from sitting on the bed beside him, just like she had the first day he’d brought her here. She settled in and fell silent, until she felt him relax beside her, and he turned back to stare out of the window in his memory. They stayed that way for several long, quiet minutes, until the feel of her support against him and the set of his warmth against her managed to slow down the flustered beating of their hearts. “You shouldn’t have seen that.” He broke their silence with a curt, brusque grunt of speech. It made her twist her head up to look at him, but all she could see was the back of his head. “Then we’re even.” She told him. It was a response that tugged his attention down to her fully, and she was struck by how conflicting the imposing form of his body was against the softness of his fractured features. He was a boy in a man’s body. She’d already discovered this earlier, but it surprised her no less when she saw it for herself. It took him a few seconds to realize what she meant. When he did, he let out a soft exhale of breath. A guilty chuckle, perhaps. Whatever it was, the heat of it blew at her skin and made her eyelids flutter. “Do you still feel it?” She asked, with a voice so meek it sounded breakable. If he’d had any intention of lying to her, it was that voice, and the plea within it, that stopped him. He wanted her to trust him. “Yes.” Gruff and quiet, he admitted his greatest weakness to the girl in one word, and felt the most exhilarating rush of relief he’d ever experienced come crashing through him. For a moment, he wondered if it was her relief he’d felt. But it wasn’t. He’d wanted to tell her for so long. “Oh.” She breathed out, with the weight of the galaxy hanging heavy in that one single word. Silence followed. Long beats of silence, where he listened to the hitched sound of her breathing as she slowly processed what an entire lifetime of feeling the emotions of every living person around him could do. He wondered if she realized that he could also feel every swivel of regret, guilt, horror, and sympathy she was whisking through there beside him, as they sat in the silence. When it stopped, he felt something else. The bed creaked, and her small body left his side. He closed his eyes; he didn’t want to watch her walk out on him this time. He couldn’t, not when all it would do was remind him of his mother doing the same. He kept his eyes shut tight, until they snapped open wide at the feel of Rey’s arms pushing his legs out of the way and wrapping herself around his waist. She pressed her side against his chest, and curled up until she was all there, lost in the immensity of him. He could feel her cheek on his thudding heartbeat, and for a while, he just let her hug him. His thoughts had shorted out, broken by this impossibility that was Rey’s comforting, supportive hug. Then something else broke. He felt it crack down the middle, deep down inside where only his emotions could reach. He wrapped around her in quick, desperate moves, enveloping her until she was gone, buried completely within his embrace. He cried, and she could feel him shake with the force of it. It was silent, save for the anguish in his voice when he whispered the only thing he could think to admit to her in that moment. “I thought you might leave.” Rey couldn’t tell if he’d meant today, or just in general. But it didn’t matter; the answer was the same. “I’m not going anywhere.” The force of his lament shook her even harder, and he curled up even tighter, until she couldn’t tell where he ended and she began. She was trapped there, warm and suffocating, but she never spoke a word of complaint. This was what he needed, after all. Which was why he hadn’t needed to ask, but asked anyway, in the safety of the suffocating darkness. “Don’t let me go.” Notes: I could sit here and try to explain all the different reasons it took me this long to post but I feel guilty enough as it is, so with that I'll just say, I'm sorry it took this long, and I'm really happy you're still reading if you are. Thank you for sticking with it. :) That being said, this next month coming up I have NOTHING planned in my life. Let's hope that means faster updates (I think it will!) So since it's been so long, if anything doesn't make sense to you or you just want to ask me something, please please feel free! If it's here or on tumblr, either way I think I'd really love to answer questions about this fic just to keep the ideas flowing. I'm pretty malleable and I super love other people's thoughts on what's going on. AND NOW FOR THE BEST PART. Art for the fic! I commissioned a lovely piece by Emegustart on tumblr, for Chapter 12's "Peace in our time" drunk / afterdinner scene. You can check that out here! AND THEN. I GOT GIFTED ANOTHER BEAUTIFUL PIECE. I owe my heart and soul to the sweetheart Vikinginbavaria on tumblr for stunning art of Chapter 21's scene, where Rey and Kylo are sleeping together and Rey asks Hux to join him, which he doesn't. Honestly whenever someone like this darn fic enough to do something like that, I wish I could explain to you how much it affects me. My heart goes absolutely wild and I start tearing up. Thank you so much, sweetie. I love you guys. Honestly. OKAY, enjoy this chapter, and if you can, let me know you're still here despite my awful, terrible little absence. I need a good kick in the pants. Chapter 30 Notes: HAPPY CHAPTER 30!! *BLOWS CONFETTI OUT OF THE TOP OF HER HEAD AND DEFLATES* (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Waking up felt too difficult, as if every part of her body had turned to liquid and simply wanted to seep down into the steady, warm press of the firm mattress underneath her. Rey’s face crinkled as she slogged through the levels of consciousness, tugging herself through the molasses thick exhaustion that kept trying to pull her back under. She yawned, and buried her face deep into her pillow over and over, trying to rub against it to wake herself up. A steady rumble of content vibrated underneath her face, warning her a little too late that it wasn’t a pillow she was rubbing her face against, but the soft give of a surprisingly firm chest, covered under layers of thick black cloth. It wasn’t her fault that Kylo had chosen to be this comfortable. Still, her head tilted to stop burying herself into him, and one squinted eye slit open to look up. To his credit, he’d tolerated her unusually affectionate gesture with patience, stone faced and immobile in order to keep her from being startled by her current placement. She was pinned, curled up like a tamed pet on top of him. He’d fallen at some point during the night, curling around her until she heard the quiet listing shudder of his breath slowing as he fell asleep. She could have climbed out of his arms and saved herself the trouble of dealing with limbs that buzzed with tingles from being awkwardly placed, but his exhaustion had drained her just as heavily as it had himself. She’d fallen asleep before she could think too hard on the best way to get out of his arms. Only one of his arms rested around her now; the flesh and blood one, wrapped loose around the curve of her waist. She couldn’t recall exactly how she’d gone from being wrapped up beside him to using him like a giant pillowbed, but as soon as she stretched out her limbs she’d lost whatever careful balance had kept her there, and slid back down to his side. She blinked, staring up at her new view. Kylo’s skin had the telltale sign of long since dried tears etched faintly down his cheeks, but he wasn’t crying, now. He was just staring back at her, his lip twisted to one side in slight amusement. Her nose crinkled when she registered that smile, which only made his lips lift more. “Good morning.” His voice was gruff, as though he hadn’t been awake long himself. “You’re a very uncomfortable bed.” Rey informed him, stretching her fingers out to try and get feeling back into them. “Too lumpy and hard.” His lips twisted down, the amusement forgotten. “I didn’t ask you to sleep on top of me. If anyone should be complaining, it’s me. You’ve got too many sharp edges to be using someone as a bed.” She rubbed her elbow thoughtfully, and considered using one of those edges to jut into his stomach. And yet, the warmth of curled up bodies coupled with the lingering pull of just barely waking up, kept them both from disentangling themselves in a rush. After all, she’d been there for a reason. Her expression smoothed out as she remembered the details of the night before, and worry began to creep back into her heart. Her hand still tingled when she lifted it up and brushed all of the sweat-sticky hair away from his eyes, until it settled back behind his ear. “You all right?” Even if his eyelids did flutter when her fingers brushed against his skin, she could tell by the set of his jaw and the narrowed slit of his glare that he was not appreciative of her pity. “Don’t be absurd.” He growled, huffing out a sharp sigh a moment later. It didn’t answer her question, nor did he plan to, despite the tremble of her lips threatening to push the issue further. He watched for the moment when she decided, unexpectedly, to simply let it drop. He couldn’t exactly figure out why, but he was no less grateful for it. “I should probably head back to my quarters then.” She grumbled out, rubbing her face repeatedly with her hand. “I don’t even know what time it is. I’m already hungry.” He said nothing to convince her otherwise, so she pushed up until she could sit, and felt the loose drop of his arm around her waist. It fell like a dead weight, resting useless on her legs instead. “Your hair’s a mess.” Kylo growled up at her, and she could hear the twist of his lips returning in those words. She glared down at him for a moment, even as he shifted to a more comfortable position on his side, where he could get a better look at her. “Charming.” She responded, smashing his face away with her hand before reaching up to fix the loose, falling buns that had tangled overnight. She pulled them out, one by one, and wrapped the ties around her wrist while she worked on replacing them. “Talking helps, you know.” She murmured, her eyes carefully turned away as she wrapped her first bun up. “Despite how much you love holding it all in. You don’t need to carry every burden on your own. At least, not anymore.” If she’d spared him a glance, she would have found her words only mildly ignored, in place of the look of open wonder on his expression as he watched her hair fall back in waves. He remembered the first time he’d seen it all fall down against her neck, when he’d done her hair on the shuttle. Seeing it now felt different. It was the same hair, the same girl, the same untouchable situation. There was no logical explanation for it. He kept his hands to himself. “You seem well versed on sharing, for someone who’s spent most of her life alone.” He pointed out, ignorant of the impoliteness in his words. She swiveled down to glare at him with her arms still in the air, finishing off the last bun, and he saw his mistake in her expression far too late to rectify it. She dropped her hands, done with her hair. “Remind me not to do you any favors, anymore. You’re the most ungrateful, coarse, ill-mannered-” He pushed himself to a seated position and pressed his palm hard down on her mouth, stifling her words until they were nothing but outraged muffled shouts. He waited until those, too, silenced, before saying anything. He wanted to apologize. The words were on the tip of his tongue, and even she could see him struggling to speak them, with open, parted lips. His mouth shut, and he dropped his hand, his eyes, his heart. “I’m trying really hard, Kylo.” Rey spoke, tilting her head to try and catch his eyes again. “All I ask is that perhaps, you can try, too.” He did look up at her then, desperate to tell her that he’d been trying harder than he’d ever thought possible, but those words also died in his throat. “You’re right, you know. I’ve been alone all my life. That doesn’t mean I need to be alone, now. Even in this unfamiliar place, surrounded by people I really ought to dislike, very much.” Her last few words let a chuckle escape, but his expression remained cold, unamused. The chuckle in her voice died out in place of an awkward cough. “Right. So.” Even her awkward segue from trying to get him to open up seemed to leave him unaffected. Rey shifted from unsure, to annoyed, and pushed his face down again. This time, his hand caught at her wrist, and pulled her hard until she crumpled into his arm. Her startled face slammed into his shoulder, but when she realized what he was doing, she softened just enough to wrap her arm around as much of his back as she could. Even if he couldn’t tell her in words, his hug told her everything she needed to know. She pulled away again, after a few heavy minutes and the realization that Kylo wasn’t necessarily interested in letting her go. When she moved, his arm dropped, and she got up from the bed. Her stomach growled. It was definitely morning. “We can make the training a daily routine again, if you like.” She told him, tugging on her sleep clothes until she felt less apprehensive about walking out the ten steps it took from his quarters, to hers. “I’d appreciate it.” She was already at his door when she heard it, faint and gruff and a touch desperate, but genuine all the same. “Thank you.” She looked back at him, startled, before the impact of his gratitude made her break out into a smile. “Anytime.” Then she was gone, and the smell of pastries hit her before she could even make it to her door. It was the morning shift, after all - and she knew exactly where the smell of it was coming from. This time, she didn’t hesitate to head down to Mitaka’s for breakfast. After all she’d gone through the night before, she thought she rather deserved it. “You look good.” She’d been chatting with Finn for almost an hour, even though she’d lost track of the time. Their conversation had been so light and pointless, until she heard the change in his voice when he said those words, and heard the worry blatantly evident in them. “Really?” She tried to smile, but it came out more like a grimace. “Not that you didn’t look good before. Like, uh, healthier. Happy. You know. That kind of thing.” He was backtracking, but she let him off the hook, sliding back into the ease of normal conversation. “Thanks. I told you they feed me, up here. We had some kind of giant crab last night. I think I can still taste it, it was so good.” For a split second, Rey wondered if the pinch of Finn’s nose was due to jealousy over the food, or something else. She didn’t pry, and he never had a chance to offer the answer up. Poe slid down in a chair beside him, intruding uninvited into their private call and reaching up to shift the tiny camera they were using until she could see both of them equally. “Careful, Rey. You’re going to make him want to rejoin the First Order - all we’ve got is three square meals, meats and veggies, real boring stuff.” Poe gave her a wink, and leaned his elbow on Finn’s shoulder while strictly ignoring the fervent glare Finn was giving him. “He was right though. You do look good. Maybe space agrees with you. I know I always feel better up there, too.” Rey breathed a sigh of relief, thankfully latching on to his less troublesome reasoning for her upbeat spirit. “Thanks.” She offered back, pressing a hand against warm, tinting cheeks. “I would have thought the opposite, but you could be right.” “I usually am.” Poe said, leaning closer to the camera to get a better look at her. “Did you do something new to your hair? I like it.” This was Finn’s boiling point, and he finally broke the well-ignored glare to punch Poe in the arm that still rested against him. “Are you being for real right now?” He grumbled from the side of his mouth, as if somehow Rey wouldn’t pick up on his outrage. She did. And she ignored it. “The only thing different about my hair right now is that I haven’t done anything to muss it since my shower. Otherwise, you’re just imagining things.” She had a tease to her voice, light and playful, and she could tell by the way he cocked his head back and laughed that he appreciated it. Her eyes flickered to Finn, to make sure he wasn’t being genuinely offended by their conversation. If anything, his puffed up cheeks and tightly wrapped together arms seemed to soothe her worries. “Should I leave you two alone?” Finn asked Poe in a voice dripping with over-exaggerated sarcasm. Rey could see the mischief blooming in Poe’s expression right before he turned back to Finn, and leaned in to give the man his full attention. “Nah, Finn, I mean, sure - you did get a lot more time to get to know her than I did, so for the sake of fairness I guess maybe some alone time might be in order, but - “ “Poe, enough.” Rey said, in a sharp, chastising tone. Finn’s face was turning shades she could even catch through the blurry holo, and she knew he didn’t deserve to be teased this much. “We were just talking about the first scheduled rendezvous, weren’t we Finn?” They hadn’t, but should have been. She used that duty to pull Finn back from whatever rock he wished he was buried under. “Yeah, I guess.” Finn reluctantly agreed, shifting his shoulder slightly in a weak attempt to shove Poe off. It failed. His eyes rolled slowly back to Rey, focusing with intensity as he leaned in. “How do we know this won’t be a trap? Not that - you’re planning a trap, of course, but if they’re lying to you about their intentions, you know we’ll be in a tough spot here. What kind of leverage can we bring to the table?” “I’m probably your biggest leverage right now, seeing as I can read minds.” Rey reminded him gently. She was sure General Organa did not share this particular fear with Finn, knowing the ways of the Force as she did. “Take me hostage until negotiations are over. Keep me at your side of things, under armed guard, and - “ “Rey.” Finn interrupted her, his face blanking before tightening with concern. “You know I can’t do that. Won’t let anyone else do that. Try again.” With Finn setting such high moral standards for what the Resistance would, and wouldn’t do for safety, finding a way that agreed with everyone was going to be more difficult than Rey had anticipated. She pinched her nose up and tried again. “The Admiral has already stated you can keep your ships in orbit during the entirety of the meeting. We’re already doing it on a neutral planet, and we’ve limited it to just those of us involved in the conversation. What more could General Organa want?” “We could do it on a Republic planet, for one - “ “That isn’t fair at all, Finn. You have to play fair .” “Play? Play? This isn’t a game, Rey. You got that, right? You’re not putting Dejarik pieces on a board. These are real people’s lives you’re putting at stake here.” “Do you think I don’t know that?” Rey’s voice had reached a high trill, barely managing to keep her rage in check. “Do you think this hasn’t been weighing on me non-stop since we last spoke? That the Resistance is taking on an offer with potentially crippling consequences? Do you have any idea, any idea at all, how it feels to have that much weight on your shoulders?” Finn looked shaken, but unconvinced. “Then why do it at all? Come home, come back to us, we’ll win this war the old fashioned way-” “And see you put yourself in danger every time you go out on a mission? Watch thousands of people die in battle, without ever having tried another way? How is that any better than this? How is war a better choice than peace ?” She could tell that Finn was too stubborn to be fully convinced, but he’d gone silent, nonetheless. Poe took advantage of his silence and pressed his hand on Finn’s shoulder, squeezing it. “All right, all right. You’ve made your point, Rey. We’re just looking for a little more wiggle room before we dive into this blind.” He paused, biting his lip as he struggled to think of any options. “You said General Hux-” “Admiral Hux.” Poe waved his hand brusquely. “Whatever. He doesn’t mind us keeping our ships in the air, right? Does that mean he’s going to be extending himself the same comfort?” Rey hadn’t thought to ask, but she sat back in her chair and let her common sense answer for her. “I assume so. It’s only fair.” “Fair or not, he is the one extending the olive branch. Maybe you talk to the guy, see if he’s still feeling charitable enough to keep his ships out of it. In return, we’ll keep the skies relatively clear too. Just one squadron - mine. One on the ground, four in the air. Think it’ll work for him?” When she thought about the ordeal distantly, logic dictated that this deal would put the First Order at a disadvantage. But the longer she spoke to Finn and Poe, the easier it was to play favorites. She tucked that revelation away for later, when she knew she’d have to be more impartial than this. “I’ll ask him. I can’t speak for him, but I might be able to convince him.” Poe gave her a sly wink. “That’s my girl.” ”Poe.” Poe lifted his hand off of Finn’s shoulder to raise them both up innocently. “Our girl.” The words hit Rey heavy, like a hammerfall directly into her heart. She was supposed to be on their side, that throb of pain told her. On that base, right now. By their side, arm in arm, fighting the very Order she was now technically working for, however diplomatically. She did not feel like their girl. She thought of the man who’d slept in her arms the night before, and the hand that had rested on her head before that. She belonged to no one, but whatever pull she felt towards protecting those previously undeserving men, tugged stronger at her than whatever she felt as she looked at the familiar faces on the screen. She wondered if, in another life, with another choice- “Rey?” She sucked in a breath, caught unaware of the distant look that had taken her over as her mind wandered. When she snapped back to attend to them, both Finn and Poe were looking at her with equal measures of curiosity. At least she could be certain of one thing; whatever could have been wasn’t necessarily that far behind her. Finn and Poe were still a part of her lives, and they still cared for her just as she cared for them. She’d only spoken to Poe twice, and yet she was confident that he felt the same way she did. Maybe she wasn’t their girl, as he’d put it; but she’d still fight to keep them all safe. “Sorry.” She breathed out in a chuckle. “I’m here. Let’s get these plans out of the way, so you can tell me more about life in the Resistance.” He was waiting for the sound of hard beating bootfalls. All Hux received instead were quiet, padded footsteps closing in on him, and that alone told him something was wrong. He turned around and tilted his head up at the morose expression on Kylo’s face, as readable as ever. He was on the main bridge of the Finalizer, overseeing a transfer of shipments in order to fund one of the few arms dealers that were still heavily trading with them after the news of Snoke’s deposition. It was an important transfer, with several dropships on standby in case something went wrong. When Kylo joined him, the exchange had all but been completed without incident. Strange, he thought. He’d expected an ambush this time. It felt disconcerting to be proven wrong. Kylo stood beside him, keeping his purposefully angry expression on his features as he gazed out of the viewport just as Hux did. His posture was terrible, as usual; a fact that allowed Hux to spare a lingering look at him in distaste as he took it in. At times, he wanted to reach up and force Ren’s head up, but he wouldn’t dare touch the man in public. “What is it, Commander?” He spoke with the inflection of impatience that he was known for, as though merely speaking the words had already put him off schedule. “Do you have news?” He did, but there was no way he was going to speak of it here, in front of the crew. He hadn’t necessarily considered just how delicate and inappropriate the conversation would be, when he’d entered the control bridge. “I do.” Ren muttered, low and throaty as if desperately trying to emulate the vocoder of his mask. “But it’s - classified.” That choice of words had Hux clearing his throat to choke down a laugh, and he inclined his head slightly to the left. “I leave you in charge of the transfer.” He barked out to Officer Unamo, whose eyes never left the screen that had been monitoring it. “Send word if even the slightest issue arises.” Unamo called out a sharp ‘sir’ in response, but never faltered in her constant vigil over every life sign and all ship activity nearby. Hux turned on his heel to march off of the bridge, and heard the stomp of Kylo Ren’s boots behind him once more. When he entered his private quarters with Ren in tow, he closed the door behind him and stretched out his neck to one side, letting the stoic rigidness of authority bleed away in stages. It still sat heavy on him, bearing down on the shoulders that held each side of his cape with pride. Now, in private, he simply let the feel of its weight into his bones, until he had to move to his desk to sit down. “Proceed.” Hux muttered, immediately pulling out a cigarette from his desk drawer. He’d managed to tap it, light it, and take an entire drag in silence, as Ren watched him carefully through the haze of smoke he left behind. “You’re wearing yourself out again.” Ren warned, hedging on his own topic in lieu of the tightness in Hux’s features. In return for his concern, he received a blow of smoke in his direction, tickling his nose until it burned. “We didn’t come here to discuss me. We came here for you.” Hux reminded him, gesturing for him to come closer. Ren obeyed, moving to stand tall in front of the seated Admiral. He was a wall of black, and his expression echoed the same burdened sorrow that his outfit did. Hux let his eyes wander for a few long, appreciative seconds, before he turned his seat away. “I’ll make you a deal.” He offered, straightening up in his seat. “You tell me what you wanted to discuss, and if you’re so desperately worried about my well-being that it’s holding your tongue, then you might as well put yourself to good use and rub my shoulders while you talk.” Hux half-expected Ren to grab the chair and swivel him back around angrily, and very little of him ever expected the man to actually acquiesce to his suggestion. But he did neither. Instead, Ren’s grip wrapped around Hux’s neck, until his fingers were burying hard enough to leave bruises on the skin. This was no massage. His hands tightened, shaking as though he was desperately fighting off the urge to snap the neck in his grasp, or bear down until Hux could no longer breathe. Hux could feel exactly how easy it would be to kill him, and end all of this before it had ever really begun. "It would be easy." Ren was extracting his thoughts without permission again, and Hux could hear the pleasure of knowing that he'd finally struck fear into the Admiral. "Like snapping a twig." "And no one would even be surprised." Hux's scathing remark drove purposefully into the man behind him, freezing the shaking press of Ren's hands at the insult. He was right, of course. Killing Hux would have been attributed to Kylo Ren's impulsive violent streak. No one would be surprised at his inability to control himself. Like a child, breaking all of his toys out of anger. He was tired of building on to that moniker. As Ren went quiet, determined to give his actions careful thought, Hux fought the urge to turn his head, just to watch it all through the glass window Ren's expressiveness afforded him. Even without seeing, Hux could feel the mood shift around him, to a lighter tone that spoke volumes to the conclusions being formed. When gloved hands slid too slowly up the curve of his shoulders to settle just under his hairline, Hux slowly allowed himself to relax. "Well." He cleared the gravel from his throat, and let out a deep sigh. "If you're not here to kill me, you might as well tell me what you came to say now." Ren's hands were still on his neck, unmoving and tight, but no longer dangerous. “I told her.” Ren said, never afraid to blurt things out without preamble. Despite having no specifics on the who or what of the sentence, Hux knew exactly what the man meant. He closed his eyes, put the cigarette down on an ashtray nearby, and let himself sink into Ren’s hands. After all, he was going to need it. “It’s about damn time.” Hux breathed out, tilting his head to one side. He could feel the fine hairs of his hairline rise up to meet Ren’s leather covered fingertips. “How did she take it?” “She slept with me.” Ren was able to feel every muscle in Hux’s neck turn to frigid stone, and his fingers stilled when he realized why. “Don’t be coarse.” He chastised Hux, who thought he had every right to think what he had, and felt quite belligerent about being told otherwise. “I mean she stayed with me through the night. Held me. Nothing more.” Despite being better informed about the previous night’s events, Hux’s shoulder muscles seemed no less unyielding. “Progress, then. She’ll be tolerating you almost as much as I do in no time.” Ren’s fingers tightened around the edges of Hux’s neck, suddenly reminding Hux more of a threat than a massage. Before he could say as much, the hands slid down the length of his chest, as Ren bent down to rest his chin on Hux’s shoulder. His eyes were straight ahead, but his quiet voice managed to slide straight through Hux to the core when he spoke. “You’ve never tolerated me a day in your entire life.” Hux chuckled, and reached up until his arm was wrapped around Ren’s head, and his hand could pat the black curls he found there. “Fair enough. You are profoundly intolerable. I must be going mad to let you this close.” He wanted his cigarette back. He itched for it with an embarrassing desire, until the fingers that would have reached for it buried themselves in black hair instead. “Hux.” Ren’s voice was a whisper, but he might as well have screamed it directly into Hux’s ear. “Mm?” “Tell me what to do.” The Admiral finally turned his head, staring incredulously at the man bent around him, with a body too large and lanky to be in such an awkward position. Ren was still staring straight ahead, with a look of pure flustered disorientation. “About what?” Hux asked him, having lowered his voice to a matching whisper. “About her.” Ren had all but wrapped himself around him, laid his hands flat against Hux’s chest until he could have felt the solid thud of a quickening heartbeat, and he was asking - what? For dating tips ? “I - “ It hurt him. It thrilled him. He wanted to puppet Ren through the mastery of romancing this powerful Force user until she was all but theirs for good. And yet. “I’m not sure.” Ren turned to him then, wildly staring with dark, disbelieving eyes. “You’ve never been unsure about anything for as long as I’ve known you.” Ren told him, with a hint of disbelief that had Hux smirking with pride. “I can assure you, the two of you have taken that particular point of pride out from under me several times since I’ve had the pleasure of your company. This moment, for example, ranks among my highest when it comes to being utterly, inexplicably at a loss.” Hux could feel Ren become more aware of himself in stages, from the way his hands tightened against Hux’s white top, to the sudden stillness of his breath as he held it. Now he was the unsure one, questioning whether his newfound comfort with intimacy was not shared, or reciprocated. “You don’t want this.” It wasn’t a question, it was a statement of fact. “That’s not quite right. You see, what I want is similar to this, but not exactly this. If I had to make an assumption, I would say this is what she did for you last night. Support, encouragement, comfort. She gathered that this was what you needed, and she was there for you. As noble as that is, I am not you, Ren. And despite how easy it would be to trade intimacies like shipment crates, there is no universal answer for everyone.” Ren pulled his hands away, and Hux turned his chair around to face him as he straightened up. He could see by the look on Ren’s face that he’d just confused the man more than he’d already been when he entered. Instead of helping him figure out how to deal with Rey, Hux had managed to make him feel like he was floundering on both fronts. “What do you want, then?” Ren asked him, curling his hands into fists. “With me.” Finally, finally , he could take up his cigarette again. It had burned down near to the filter, but he managed a long drag regardless. “Would you really like to know what it is I want from you, Ren?” Hux asked, unable to decide if the race of his heart was due to excitement, or forewarning. Too soon, it said. He’s not ready. “Yes.” Came the shaky, growled reply. “Sit.” The command came, flippant and unfeeling. Hux pointed at the spot on the ground, in front of his crossed feet. “There.” As expected, Ren did not move. “That’s what you want.” The vitriol in Ren’s voice felt like it could burn through Hux’s skin if he spoke too close. “Me. At your feet. Like a dog. ” Hux left his question unanswered, choosing instead to let the silence worm its way through Ren’s psyche until he was chomping at the bit. The last hints of smoke lifted in swirls from the small stump of cigarette, before he pulled out yet another one and used the burning embers of the old one to light the end of it. “I can’t say that I disapprove of the comparison, but that isn’t actually what I want.” He buried the finished cigarette in the ashtray, and leaned forward until he had to crane his head to look up at Ren’s looming form. “But if you’re so desperate for answers, I would suggest a little more unquestioned compliance. More than anything, I’m not keen to sharing without some measure of trust. Therefore, you have two choices in front of you right now. Do as you’re told, or get the hell out of my office and let me get back to work.” The thick tension in the air felt familiar, reminding him of a time before his interests had become tangled irreparably between the nightmare in front of him, and the other, a girl who’d managed to slip-slide her way into his thoughts, even now. He remembered a time when all that mattered was the race to victory, and the glory of a job well done. A time when Snoke’s favor was his only real (if impermanent) goal. He’d stood in front of the mask, then. Ren hadn’t managed to retain his chilling impression after he’d lost his mask, but in that moment Hux realized this was as close as he’d come. He sensed true hate coming from the man. Vicious, deadly hate. Too soon, his own thoughts reminded him. He’d chosen his timing poorly. Just as he’d prepared to dismiss the entire charade, he heard the creak of leather and the swish of cloth. Ren was moving, albeit in achingly slow increments, until his body was rested on one knee, with both hands pressed firm against his other knee. He stilled, and Hux could finally see that boyish face for what it was, flushed deep and heavily with unchecked rage. He wondered if Ren was angrier at him for making him kneel, or at himself for wanting so desperately to comply. When it was clear he wouldn’t move further than that, Hux let out a long, exasperated sigh. It shuddered, betraying his approval under the guise of annoyance. “I suppose this is as good as I’m going to get.” And silently, he relished that last little thread of defiance thrown in his face, of a man never truly willing to give everything away. Not that he’d ever tell Ren that he’d enjoyed it. Their eyes met, and the cold steel of Hux’s eyes tempered against Ren’s burning heat. He leaned in, and his hands wrapped around Ren’s face until the anger bled out, replaced by confusion. “I wanted you here. Where I can look at you, and see every twitch and flush. Are you ready to listen, now? Or is there still fight left in you?” There was an argument lighting up in Ren’s eyes. Despite asking for it, it was near laughable to ever hope for something as foolish as peace in that man’s heart. Hux was toying with him, just to see how far he would go. When his lips tightened shut in silence, Ren proved that he was ready to go surprisingly far. He simply nodded in Hux’s hands and waited. Terrible distractions began to tug at Hux’s thoughts when he registered that compliance. Terrible, heated distractions. He frowned - now was not the time. “This is what I desire most.” Hux whispered, pulling Ren’s head closer until their foreheads touched. “I want to take you apart, piece by piece, stripped down to the very essence of you until I can see exactly what makes you tick. I want you bare, laid out until there’s nothing left to hide, and then I want to label and compartmentalize every section of you until I know you better than you know yourself. That’s how I want to know you, Ren. This isn’t some silly game of submissive and master. This is about so much more than that.” All the anger had left Ren by now, but so had every other emotion, until all that was left was a blank slate that Hux felt inclined to mold. His fingers brushed up the length of his cheekbones, and then tightened around his hold until he could feel every breath the man took. He felt bare, himself, for all that he’d spoken of baring Ren to his whim. “I don’t feel this way about many things, and for people; even less. You should feel honored.” The word honored sounded much more like it was meant to be scared . “What about Rey?” The sound of her name stung at Hux, as though he knew Ren wouldn’t allow more than a few moments to pass before thinking of her again. The Admiral sucked in a deep breath, and felt the sting lessen when he realized he was no better. “Yes.” He admitted, in a soft chuckle. “Her, too.” He waited for a reaction that would never come; and slowly learned to accept that as the seconds ticked by, and Ren remained still and pliable in his hands. When he looked up at those dark eyes again, they were clear. Unburdened. Hux found this strange. “And what is it that you want, Kylo Ren?” He asked, forcing the emotions to come flooding back into Ren’s face. “Do you even know?” He guessed the answer was no, but found himself pleasantly surprised to be proven wrong again when it came. It was quiet, and shaky, and he knew Ren was having difficulty expressing himself. The Knight had never been eloquent with his words. “To be worth-” His voice stalled, and then died. It wasn’t even a proper sentence, and Hux could imagine the countless unfinished words dangling off the end of it, but Ren shuddered to a stop once he’d admitted what he thought was his deepest secret. But in truth, Hux had known that about him for a long, long time. “It’s not an easy thing.” Hux reminded him. “To prove yourself worthwhile. Will the journey there discourage you?” He knew the answer was going to be yes, over and over again. Ren shook his head no, but there was no strength behind the move. His faith in himself was minimal, at best. “Will you help me?” Hux’s lips pursed tight until they all but disappeared. “I’ve already promised as much, though I’ve begun to suspect I alone will no longer be enough. Have you given up hope on me so quickly?” Instantly, Hux saw the response bloom wildly in front of him, and a shock of regret sizzled through his veins. Ren was moving, closing in on Hux even as he tilted backwards in an instinctive move to get away. “No.” He strangled out, capturing Hux’s face in his own hands until the Admiral couldn’t pull away any further. “No.” He repeated, his voice hushing to a whisper now that he’d closed in. “I believe you. Hux, I believe you.” His last word had barely escaped before his lips smashed desperately against Hux’s, twisting until he felt the satisfying press of heat against him. He took, and took, barely coherent to the whims of the Admiral as he forced the man’s mouth to part and give in. Their conversation had been dangerous, unsteady ground Hux that had been treading warily on until that moment. But this; the warm, wet demand of lips against his, a punishing tongue forcing its way into him, a possessive set of hands holding his head and refusing to let him move; this, he knew. This, he understood. This was a response he could return without hesitation. And he did, with fervent vigor. His hands slid to roam a clothed chest with insistent fingertips, searching for a way under the robes to the overheated skin that lay beneath. He dug until his nails were scratching down, as though he could simply tear it away to find what he wanted. The last thought he had was of how sloppy and amateur Ren’s frantic kisses were, before it was all ripped away from him in a rush. He was left with his hands perched in the air, red, swollen lips, and a swimming head full of questions. Ren stood up straight and turned Hux’s seat carefully until it was positioned properly facing his desk. “Of all the things I did not expect from you, Ren.” Hux growled as he turned his head back up to glare at the stoic man behind him. “I shouldn’t have been surprised to find you an insolent, insufferable cocktea-” A very quiet knock on the door of Hux’s office silenced him before he could finish berating the man behind him. Ren’s lips tilted up just slightly at the sound. “We have a guest.” He pointed out helpfully, sounding more amused than Hux had ever heard the normally foul tempered man manage before. “Come in.” Hux called out, slitting his eyes in a murderous glare before turning away from Ren. Without hesitation, his expression transformed to boredom mixed with the lightest tinge of surprise the moment Rey entered. “Sorry to interrupt you, Admiral.” She breathed out, all in a rush. “But I have news! And I knew you’d - “ She finally noticed Kylo Ren standing there like a protective statue, with a half-smile on his face that had her staring. Her head tilted slightly to one side. “Kylo?” She asked. “Are you - all right?” His mood deflated, and his much more familiar glare returned. “Of course I am.” He sighed out, clearly annoyed that being in a good mood was cause for alarm. She picked up on his frustration quickly enough, and gave him a sharp nod before she moved up to sit, cross legged, right on Hux’s desk. Now it was Hux’s turn to deflate, wondering when, exactly, this had become acceptable behavior. “I’m glad you’re here, actually. It saves me a trip. Negotiations are over, so long as you agree to their terms. We’ve got our first meeting.” She was beaming from pride, and the fact that she’d disrespected his desk with her rear end seemed just a little less disconcerting to him. “Well done.” Hux commended her, leaning in to rest his head against the back of his hands. “I’m prepared to listen to their demands. Tell me everything.” He felt Ren shift behind him until he came into view, sitting against the side edge of Hux’s desk (surely even Force users had better respect for property than this?) to listen in. Rey seemed to take it as a good sign that Ren wasn’t storming out the moment she began speaking of the members of the Resistance, and their offered plans for rendezvous. In fact, Hux would have gone as far as to say that each time Rey’s eyes flickered to meet Ren’s, the pride in her expression and in her voice were no longer just for her own efforts, anymore. Hux gave Ren one single, knowing glance. There , his eyes told the man. One step closer to your genuine desire. Notes: Thank you to my darling Serene for beta reading this chapter because WHOO NELLY DID I NEED IT! And a huge, HUGE THANK YOU to my darling Pepsi who has BLESSED ME YET AGAIN with a gorgeous, unbelievable glimpse into a moment from the last chapter, Kylo crying in Rey's arms . I mean. COME ON. HOW FUCKING GORGEOUS AND HEART BREAKING IS THIS?!?!? also kylo's robot arm's peeking out there mmmm Honestly I love this community so much and I love how we're basically all just a huge group of people who keep throwing things back and forth at each other in the hopes that we can make each other smile. So I hope this chapter made YOU smile, my sweethearts. Thank you for everything! Chapter 31 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey did not enjoy the connection her mind created when she looked up at the towering, pressing heft of the plant she’d been growing in her glass containment unit. It hadn’t been given long to flourish, but she’d expected it to expose itself as a weed eventually - and sure enough, when she came to see its progress, the lack of predators had given it enough time to bloom unreasonably large. Long, thorned tendrils were pressing against the glass, immobile and yet somehow giving off the impression that they were pushing and bearing down to break it. Rey’s plant had grown quite out of control, and her lips turned down when she thought of just how efficient a metaphor this was to the state of her affairs in that moment. She donned her hazard suit and grabbed a comically giant set of sheers, determined as ever to get at least one of the things in her life back where it belonged. When she was done, the floor had two inches worth of refuse on the ground around her feet, digging into the suit with each step. She dropped the sheers without care of where they fell, and they instantly disappeared into the mess of plant debris she’d pruned away. What she was left with was small, leafless, and bare. It looked obscene in its starkness, shivering despite the lack of wind as though a plant could somehow have shame. She’d left nothing but its first few vines, and a single, drooping purple blossom. “Sorry.” She huffed out, catching her breath from the exertion of her work. “But you gave me no choice. It’s either this, or I send you back home to that wretched cold. Or I kill you.” She laughed at the absurdity of speaking to the plant as though it had sentience. “But I’d rather not give up on you that easily.” She heard a slow tapping at the glass behind her, and turned to see through her visor the distorted vision of Kylo staring down at her. It was difficult to tell the nuances of his facial expression, but from what she could see, he was frustrated and bewildered. That makes two of us. The thought burned through her mind bitterly, before she could force herself to push it away. She stripped off the hazard suit in the sliver of containment between the inside of the glass dome and Kylo, waiting impatiently outside of it. As she did so, she brushed briefly against his thoughts, digging for answers she knew she had no right to uncover. If he’d felt her (and she knew he must have) he gave no indication of it; his mind was impenetrable, regardless. She felt more blocked off from him than ever. Standing in front of him once she was sanitized did nothing to soothe the feeling, as she stared up at him with pleading eyes and found neutrality in return. “You’re leaving in an hour.” Kylo informed her, with a voice that matched the flatness of his expression. The reminder gave her an answer as to why he’d schooled himself so thoroughly before finding her, but that did nothing to assuage the anxiety bubbling up from the moment she’d seen him. Then she let his words settle, and something clicked. “Me?” She bit the word out hastily. What she received back was nothing more than a raised brow, and a tilting head. He said nothing, forcing her to continue. “Am I to be meeting them alone, then?” “Of course not.” Kylo scoffed, turning with an unnecessary flourish to walk away from her with the assumption that she would follow. When she didn’t, he could feel the lack of her against his side, and he’d barely made it a few steps before he paused to wait for her. Hope was coming off of her in waves. He felt he’d been made solely to dash it. “You’ll be accompanied by Admiral Hux and a small unit of Stormtroopers. It will be perfectly safe.” He’d never even turned to look at her to say it. And she knew, now, that no amount of blocking could shield him from the way her heart clattered with disappointment. “But not you.” Rey clarified unnecessarily. It forced him to turn his head over his shoulder, barely able to look at her through downcast eyes. “Not me.” He answered, in a slow, exhausted sigh. “You know I can’t, Rey.” “I know you won’t.” She stormed up the few steps to find his side, reaching down to unfurl his tightly clenched fist and slide her fingers between the spaces. He felt the warmth instantly through the leather, and closed his eyes as she continued to speak. “But this is about more than the past, Kylo. If this was the life you wanted to live, regardless of how many people you had to hurt to get to it, then it’s pointless to hide from those people now. But if this isn’t what you really wanted, then all the more reason to - “ His hand clenched hard around hers, before he ripped it away. He knew that if he kept his fingers intertwined with hers, he’d hurt her. He clenched his fist again, until his own hands burned with pain. “I left them - “ The mask of neutrality had broken, but even as his voice wavered with emotion, his expression only darkened. “I left her for Snoke. His path was the life I’d chosen to lead. Snoke. I killed for Snoke. And to what end, Rey? Look at where my path lies, now.” The grip of his own fist wasn’t enough pain, and he roared as he swiveled his arm to slam his hand against the wall, burying it into the unforgiving plane of metal to leave a fist shaped indent. Rey’s steps had stumbled her back, away from his reaction out of sheer instinct. “I belong here. Obviously. There’s no point in discussing this further. I’m staying on this ship, you’re doing your job, and that woman is never to see my face again.” “That woman is your mother, Kylo.” The bite in Rey’s voice had reached a phenomenally bitter level. “And she’s not given up on you. Whether or not you want to see her is irrelevant. She wants to see you . Despite all you’ve done, your mother still wants to see you.” Kylo’s eyes flashed with guilt, but it was quickly replaced with anger. He surged forward, towering over her inches away until his proximity stole her breath. “Don’t you dare make this about you, Rey. This isn’t about you.” Her jaw dropped as his accusation hit, and she reached up to punch him straight in the stomach. He felt the pain grip at him, despite feeling physically prepared for such an assault. Her punch had his stomach muscles aching with discomfort. “How DARE you assume such nonsense. You have no right to speak to me that way. I don’t need to be an orphan to see how selfish you’re being right now, and bull-headed, and - and I’ve had enough of it. If you can’t face your mother just because you’re too ashamed to deal with the consequences of your own life decisions, then I’m GLAD you’re not coming with me.” It wasn’t the punch that had his body trembling, crippled with agony, now. He wished that he could believe her when she spoke such cruel words to him. He wished he couldn’t feel how her heart broke to say it. “I’m glad. ” She repeated, her trembling voice echoing that break. “Then I won’t have to look at you anymore. It’ll be my pleasure .” It hadn’t taken long for him to tear at the tenuous fabric of their friendship with one merciless swipe of his rage. He’d been told to work for her trust, her affection. Instead, he’d insulted her and forced her back from what little progress they’d made. She’d gone quiet, half-expecting him to throw her words back in her face. When she registered the guilt in his expression, she recoiled. She wasn’t done being angry with him, yet. It was stupid, thoughtless of him really, to snap his arms out and gather her into them. She was enraged, and therefore didn’t want to be there, trapped in his determined embrace. She thrashed and tried to pull his arms off of her, but when she realized he was speaking in hushed whispers, she had to stop to hear him. “I didn’t mean to.” He whispered, half of his sentence too quiet to be heard. “Dumb. Thoughtless. Ignorant. Forgive me.” She did not want to forgive him. She wanted to punch him until he cried, and then walk away and then refuse to speak to him. For weeks, perhaps. Days, maybe. Hours, at least. She clung to the last vestiges of anger as they tried to slip away, and kept them as close as she could, stubbornly refusing to let them go. “I float, now. In a half-life.” His whispers remained too quiet, forcing her to strain in order to hear them. “I have no direction. Snoke revealed himself as a liar. I’ve spent my entire life with that man’s voice in my head, and now - now I hear nothing but myself. My voice, quietly recounting all of my failures and betrayals one by one in a list, starting over as soon as it completes.” Her body sagged in his arms, until he was all that kept her on her feet. “I would turn to the Knights if I could.” He admitted, his arms shaking as they refused to let her go. “But they, too, have abandoned me. I have - nothing, Rey. I will not face her with nothing.” Rey knew nothing about the Knights save for that one single scrap of a vision, where she’d seen them all behind him in the rain. Her curiosity soared, clawing at her chest desperately in an effort to force her to ask, but this wasn’t the time for it, and she knew that. She pressed her forehead against his chest, and he shuddered. “I didn’t mean to upset you.” He pleaded, his voice still whisper-soft and silken with regret. “Please. Forget everything I said.” “I won’t.” She admitted, feeling the buckle of his head when she denied him. “Because you won’t forget anything I’ve said, either. You know we don’t work like that.” Despite the lurch of his bent over body, she could feel the faint, vibrating chuckle. “I know what it feels like.” She’d hesitated to speak again, but when she did, it all came out in a rush. “To be this lost. You think you don’t have a purpose. You can’t see yourself in the future anymore.” His head lifted, turning those unfairly soulful eyes directly at her. She was too close to him, and it disoriented her. “You survived.” It was a statement, but the question in it was implied. How ? She thought back to the wall of marks, etched up and down the metal of her AT-AT. Each of them indicated another day where she’d triumphed over the nothing of her life. Not just another day waiting. Another day living . “I counted the days.” She admitted. “One by one, on the wall. Thousands of them. Still there, as they always will be, I imagine. Each one of them reminded me that I lived, that day. I wasn’t living for a different day than that one. Just that day. I just had to survive that one day.” The concept eluded him. She could see it in the curl of his lip, the crinkle of that impressive nose of his. He couldn’t imagine living life from day to day, without purpose. Without resolution. She shrugged, and brushed the matted hair from his forehead. “It worked, didn’t it?” She reminded him, indicating with a flourish of her hand that she was still alive. “You lived for the day your parents returned.” He reminded her, his arms immediately tightening around her as if he was frightened the truth would scare her away. “I know this. I’ve felt it.” He was right to tighten his hold around her. When she frowned, she immediately squirmed to pull away. “That was hope, Kylo. That’s different.” “How?” “It just is .” She muttered, her squirms taking on more strength. “Will you let go of me?” He knew she would only anger further if he pressed the issue, so instead he dropped it, but remained firmly attached. “No.” He told her, with a frank honesty that almost had her accepting it. Almost. “You’ll have to let go of me sometime.” She pointed out snarkily, pulling her arms out from underneath where he’d pinned them so she could fold them up between them and give herself room. “Or have you changed your mind about coming planetside with me?” She saw the briefest falter as pain flickered in his eyes, but it was washed out as quickly as it had come. Instead, he smiled a crooked, disarming smile, and she instantly, painfully realized where she’d seen it before. “Absolutely not. I’ll just hold you until then.” Exasperation won out over the gnawing ache of surprise that smile had pitted in her, and the tiny, anxious flutter she couldn’t quite recognize. “Don’t be ridiculous, Kylo.” She sighed out. “I have to pack. I need a shower. I must do a million other things before I leave and I’m not doing any of them in your arms.” “Fine.” He growled out, releasing her only long enough to swivel his hands under her knees and knock her balance off until she fell into his waiting arms. “Then just until you’re back in your quarters. By then I’m sure I’ll be sick of you.” She screamed as she was lifted into his arms, howled even through his words, and struggled to make every step more difficult for him until the doors to the gardens hissed open. Once they had, she stilled to a lump in his hold, and folded her arms up stubbornly in front of her once more. “You’re a brute.” She informed him with a pout. “Not the first time I’ve heard that.” He retorted, recalling at least four separate occasions when Admiral Hux himself had said almost exactly the same thing. “It won’t be the last.” “Why did I ever begin to enjoy the grating presence of your company, Kylo Ren?” She asked, more to herself than to him. Still, that same smile and the heft of his arms preceded his answer. “When you figure out the answer to that one, you must promise to share it. I’m dying to know.” Rey didn’t know whether she was ready to accept the changes that were sinking their teeth slowly into Kylo Ren, even if they were all positive ones. The sense of humor, the outright mischief, and most of all his sudden comfortability with manhandling her simply because she’d gone and done something as simple and inconsequential as comfort him in his sleep. She was fighting against selfish pride, that her influence had started slivering cracks into what must have once been an impenetrable shell of obstinance. She didn’t want to feel good about that. It felt disrespectful to so many others who’d tried, both alive and dead. She didn’t want to feel painful, clenching surges of hope clutching at her heart every so often, whenever his bootfalls thumped gentler than usual on the durasteel floor. But there was a lot of hope to be had, and she was never very good at ignoring the best in people. She stopped struggling, and reached out to grab one of his ears instead, pulling them hard until he pulled away to try and get her off. He’d reached her quarters by then, and happily dropped her back on her feet with a rough shove in order to get her away from his ears. One gloved hand reached up to rub the offended appendage, with a boyish scowl that marred his features. “There.” He barked out. “Now go get ready. You’ve wasted enough time.” She watched him rub his ear far longer than it needed, and the scowl on his expression never quite went away. Rey wondered at how much he seemed to hate that particular assault, and stored that information away for later use. In case he thought to try and carry her off anywhere again. Next time she’d go straight for the ears. “And you?” She piped up at him, leaning up on her toes hopefully. It finally stopped him from rubbing his ear, using his hand instead to hit the controls for her door. ”Still no.” He assured her, but there was so much less pain in his voice, this time. Even if it was the same answer, it still felt like a victory. Still, she pouted, and turned on her heel to rush into her quarters and away from him as quickly as possible. Kylo felt her departure physically, like walking away had just ripped a bandage off of an open wound. “At least,” He added suddenly, stopping her in her tracks. “Not this time.” She was right, and even he started to realize it in the smile that bloomed on her face right before she shut the door. That had been a victory for her, after all. It didn’t take her long to prepare for the trip. Rey had nothing to consider her own, including the clothing that Admiral Hux had sent to her quarters on a near weekly schedule. At the very least, he’d gotten her two sets that did not sport the First Order logo on its arm, this time. The spare outfit, and the remaining underclothes and toiletries she thought she would need for an overnight stay, were all folded up neatly in a small satchel that slung over her shoulder. On top of it all, the lightsaber rested. There was nothing left for her to do now but wait. She sat down on the edge of her bed, sunk into its soft plush, and tapped her fingers nervously against her knees. Her eyes rested on the door, as though Hux was only minutes away from stepping through it to collect her. He wasn’t. Nearly an hour later, after she’d given up on sitting and flopped back onto her bed to stare at the ceiling, the door finally chimed to indicate someone had arrived. She leapt to her feet and grabbed her bag, hurrying to the door with a rush of adrenaline pumping through her veins. She felt a heady mix of conflicted emotions when it came to this trip, but it all boiled down to her desperation to move forward. They were finally going to do something . She was going to see her friends, and they were going to change the world together. All of them. Still, even as she opened the door and breathed out shakily through her nervous smile, she knew all of this would feel wrong without him . That shadow of a thought, one that she was sure would stick with her until she returned, was sure to spoil what should have otherwise been an exciting, relatively positive trip. “Rey.” Hux greeted her by name, reaching out an upturned hand automatically. “You’re ready. I’m glad.” His eyes flickered down her form, before returning to her face. She waited for some kind of reaction, and found him impassive. “White looks good on you.” He offered, though she wondered if he’d simply chosen the color as an unspoken show of solidarity by his side. “I requested a second outfit, did it arrive as well?” Rey patted the bag by her side, and he nodded. He seemed to want to say more, but when she put her hand in his, he let whatever was on his hesitant tongue slide. He plucked her hand up and wrapped it under his arm, leading her away to the shuttle that waited for them both. “I take it all efforts to change Ren’s mind have failed miserably.” He whispered, curling his fingers around hers. Rey’s eyes rolled in exasperation as she nodded, earning a comforting pat against her hand. “I had similar luck. Try not to judge him too harshly. His situation is rather complicated.” He’d murdered his own father, the General’s husband. Rey didn’t see it as complicated at all, but very, very simple. Leia deserved to speak to him, face to face. All in all, Kylo’s reaction was unbearably selfish. And yet, every time she reached out to him, she caught a faint echo of the agony the man felt in the pit of his stomach whenever he merely thought of his own mother. Even that tiny whisper of pain felt crippling. He dealt with that guilt on a near daily basis. Perhaps he wasn’t ready to face his mother, just yet. But soon. The words not this time had sparked just a little hope for the future. She vowed to make sure to keep him true to his word, in any way possible; it was the least she could do for a family that had lost so much already. Still, even if she’d known he wasn’t coming with them, Rey had naturally assumed he would see them off at the shuttle. When they arrived, there was no sign of him, nor could she even feel the faint thrum of his pain vibrating through their bond anymore. He’d closed himself off so completely that it jarred her, leaving her with an acute sense of loss. “Hm.” Hux hummed beside her as his eyes roamed the bay with feigned disinterest. “I had thought..” “Me, too.” Rey interjected in a disappointed whisper, pursing her lips into a frown. “But he’s nowhere nearby. Locked himself up both physically and mentally.” She guiltily enjoyed the crack of disappointment Hux allowed his expression to expose. At least she wasn’t alone in this. “A bit childish.” Hux jeered, turning back down to her with a smirk. “Wouldn’t you say?” She grinned up at him, and her arm squeezed affectionately around his. “I would say that. Kylo Ren is being a big, stubborn baby.” She almost felt something - a twinge, gone as soon as she’d caught it. Good - she hoped he had heard her. No, a quieter voice reminded her. No, she didn’t. “I wouldn’t go that far.” Hux reminded her, tugging on her chin with his forefinger and thumb as he led her through the two Stormtroopers that stood guard on either side of the shuttle’s open back. “But I am dismayed by his absence, nonetheless.” Rey’s grin only managed to widen at the admission, and Hux’s hand left her chin to press down against her lips, closing them. “Stop gloating. You’re just as bad as him sometimes.” She took far too dramatic of offense, gasping loud and theatrically. He ignored the spectacle, as well as the sound of hard boots hitting the grate behind them as they were escorted into the shuttle by the two guards. Hux settled her down into the co-pilot’s seat, and unhooked his cape before flourishing it off of his shoulders and settling it around the pilot’s chair. He didn’t bother to strap her in this time, because there was no rush - so she sat there unstrapped, and turned her head around to peer at the two walls of white behind their chairs. “Did we really need them?” She asked, frowning unhappily at what amounted to two rigid statues of First Order symbolism. Neither soldier moved at first, until she spoke again. “No offense to either of you, I’m sure you’re very good troopers, but this is a peace mission.” The Stormtrooper nearest her turned his helmet towards her for a moment, as if considering whether her comment had given him enough leeway to speak. The other remained still, rigid and fierce in his duty. Rey looked up at the mask that had tilted towards her, waiting for something - anything, really - but it was Hux who spoke instead. “Indulge me.” He murmured, waving a hand idly. “I only brought one for each of us. A little extra security never hurt anyone.” She knew exactly how much of a lie that really was, and her narrowing eyes never left that tilted helmet. Underneath the armor, the Stormtrooper fidgeted, before finally raising one hand and waving in a quick, non-committal manner. It seemed a strange gesture for someone who was supposed to retain a sense of conformity, and it perked her curiosity. She parted her lips to ask him his name, but Hux’s hand reached out to tap on her seat buckle, reminding her to strap herself in before he took off. He’d already begun warming the engines, and if she wasn’t mistaken, he’d picked up on her curiosity. And, to no one’s surprise, he did not approve. She turned back around to buckle herself in, sparing one last glance over her shoulder once she was done. “What about them? They don’t have straps.” As if on cue, both men reached up to their side and gripped a heavy leather loop, holding on tight as their only security against a crash. Rey’s eyes flickered from the strap, to the trooper, back and forth, before she let out a gust of air and shook her head. “Ridiculous.” She muttered, settling back into her seat. “One of them at least could sit down in Kylo’s-” She bit her lip, amending herself far too late. “The extra seat.” “It is a point of fact,” Hux murmured, far too pleased with the feel of the engines roaring underneath him to be upset at Rey’s interest. “That the armor is more comfortable when standing, than seated. You should try it sometime.” What a strange thing to say. She remembered how big the helmet had fit over her head, and scoffed. “And you know this from personal experience?” “Of course.” Hux finally tore his eyes from the stars to give her a gentle smirk. “I wouldn’t put my men in gear I have not personally tested for all factors. Strength, mobility, and yes, even comfort. When have you ever known me to do anything lackluster?” Something about the idea of Hux in a Stormtrooper suit made Rey sink back into her seat and curl into herself with blank confusion. She couldn’t quite picture it, but what she did manage to imagine seemed so wrong, so out of place. She didn’t like it. “We’re fine, Miss Rey.” The tinny vocoder did little to hide the voice behind the mask, which suddenly struck her as familiar and had her swiveling back around at the sound of it. She couldn’t recall Hux saying her name while the Stormtrooper was present, but it couldn’t exactly be private information. Still - “Do I know you?” Rey asked, and the question startled Hux into full attention. Why would there ever be a reason for Rey to know any of the Stormtroopers, he wondered? The clanky nod of the Stormtrooper’s helmet made matters worse, but he pulled himself away from the scene to focus on the stars - and the reflection of them both in the viewport. “We met in the caf. Just for a second.” He sounded embarrassed to admit it, as if he was sure she would never remember the brief clash. Fortunately, she remembered it all too well - and unfortunately, she was just as embarrassed about her behavior as he was about bringing it up. “Right. No, I remember. I didn’t catch your name though.” “BN-450.” The sound of it felt too crisp, like he was reporting for duty instead of introducing himself. Her expression pinched with distaste at the numbers, and she started to turn back around in her seat. “All right.” She murmured. “But I still think you’d be safer sitting down.” Briefly, as if she couldn’t help herself, she heard a single thought zip through BN-450’s mind too loudly, and sunk down into her seat. He wasn’t used to anyone caring about his safety, and he appreciated it just a little too intensely. “So.” Hux’s voice startled her, and she jumped before focusing on him. He gave off the impression of loose, steady comfort, but she could see just how white his fingers were against the ship controls. He’d listened to the entire affair with no visible interest, but Rey was getting used to his tiny, almost unseen tells. She gave him a wary smile. “You’re making friends with my men, are you?” His voice, carefully light and trained with amusement, betrayed nothing of his true intentions. Only his fingers were telling Rey the true story behind his question. “Actually, BN-450 is the only Stormtrooper that’s ever spoken to me directly. I don’t know if I’d consider that ‘making friends’. Is there a problem, Admiral?” Her smile turned just a little too sharp for his tastes. “Of course not. I’m surprised, that’s all. Pleasantly surprised in fact. News of your attempts to reach out to members of the First Order are, strictly speaking, remarkable. I encourage it.” “Do you?” She needled, leaning in to get a better look at him. He only smiled, reaching his fingers out in an automatic instinct to brush his hand against her cheek. He pulled away before the hand reached her, suddenly aware of the troopers at attention behind him. Instead, he lifted his hand back up, and patted her head. “I do.” He assured her, in a voice that sounded far more genuine than his previous one. She believed him, if only in part - and now that she had nothing to tease him with, she had to return to the truth of the matter - that she was struggling to see Stormtroopers as individuals, and not a mass army of destruction. Even with the casual, almost friendly face behind the mask of BN-450, she felt a distancing, a dissonance that wouldn’t quite allow it yet. The shuttle ride fell quiet, then, broken only by the droning hum of the ship that protected them from the dark around them, and the soft, steady intake of her own breath. It was twelve hours to their destination. It was going to be a long, tense ride. Once hunger had claimed Rey’s full attention, she tugged the straps off of her and stood up to move about the shuttle. She pulled herself up tight when she slipped between the two troopers, who were both intimidatingly tall compared to her. Neither of them paid her any heed, as far as she knew - they were twin pillars, and she treated them as such as she passed through and headed for the small, cold panel that held what little perishables they had on board. The trip should have left them with no need for fresh food, and she would have been fine with portion packs to sate the hunger that scratched at her from the inside - but this was Hux’s shuttle, and she shouldn’t have been surprised to see fresh fruit waiting for her inside the small, single panel conservator. Peaches. Her favorite. She pulled one out and closed the panel, climbing on top of a flat, round table nearby and sitting on it. Eating gave her the time to think, which wasn’t necessarily a good thing - the first train of thought her mind wandered towards was inspired by the flash of white plastisteel she could see from her seated position, peeking out around the corner. They hadn’t moved, not even to see where she’d gone. He’d spoken to her. BN-450 had tried, two times now, to reach out to her, and she’d treated him unfairly. She couldn’t see past that armor, and the weapon in his hands. She couldn’t see past his duty, to glimpse at his intentions. As she nursed the peach messily, the guilt of how she spoke to those men - and how she thought of them, settled in like a heavy, unwelcome weight. “BN-450.” She called out, watching him jolt as his designation was called. “Come here for a moment, please.” The Stormtrooper let go of the handle he was holding, and noisily walked the small distance until he was standing in front of her table. His weapon was secure on his side, and his posture was stiff, almost robotic. She could see the reflection of herself in the shine of his perfectly polished visor, and wiped the peach off of her chin with the back of her hand. This was very, very difficult. “I’m sorry.” She muttered out, following the words with an immediate frown. “I wasn’t very friendly, back at the caf - and now - and I have my reasons, but - ” His helmet tilted to the side in an almost comical level of confusion, and she shrugged as her words fell short. “You deserve better. At least, everyone deserves a chance to prove who they are. I never gave you that chance. So, I’m sorry.” She felt a twinge, a moment of distant weakness from the man who’d refused to come with them. Kylo was too tied up with her to hide everything, so she was pleasantly surprised when she caught glimpses of emotion slipping out at his most desperate points. Now, it was anger and regret she felt, and let out a soft hum of laughter. It served him right, she thought. If he was regretting his absence now, it meant he wouldn’t hesitate to come with them the next time. She smiled, a distant and fond little thing. It was almost too easy to forget that the Stormtrooper in front of her was still watching her, trying to figure out what to say next. “Bean.” He whispered, leaning in just slightly in a conspiratorial maneuver. Rey snapped out of her reverie to look back up at the Stormtrooper, eyes widening with confusion. “Excuse me?” He looked over his shoulder, before repeating himself. “Bean. That’s my name. I mean, I thought - you might want to know - “ But instantly he was second-guessing himself, and he straightened back up to full form, rigid as ever. “Nevermind.” But it was too late for that, now. She grinned lopsidedly, and breathed out a laugh, then immediately felt guilty for it. “Is that a customary name, where you’re from?” His subsequent laughter soothed her worries. “I couldn’t tell you. That’s what my team named me. I tower over them, you see. Like - a beanpole.” She wondered if he was blushing, underneath that helmet. He sounded like he was, but there was no way to be sure. She bit her tongue before outright admitting that it was cruel to name someone after their outstanding differences like a taunt, stopping herself just in time. There were unspoken social rules to the life these men and women led. She knew none of them, and had the common sense to keep herself from criticizing their choices. So instead, she held her hand out, as she would anyone who’d just given her their name. “It’s nice to meet you, Bean. I’m Rey.” He breathed out a short huff of a chuckle, and took the offered hand. “I know that.” She was shaking a Stormtrooper’s hand. The worn leather and cold grip of large hands sent a chill up her spine, and when she pulled away she rubbed her fingers against each other out of sheer instinct. She could feel some sort of fine powder lifted from them. She didn’t want to know what it was. “Would you like a peach?” She asked him, wiping her hand on her shirt before reaching for another one. Bean stiffened at the offer, before shaking his head. “I shouldn’t.” The quiet, but ever tangible presence of their pilot, his commanding officer, kept Bean from making such an easy mistake. Rey frowned, and held the peach she’d taken out for him in front of her. She should have let it slide, and put the peach back. She knew that. She did. “Hey, Hux?” She called out, a little louder than necessary. “Mm?” Hux’s voice was crisp, clear, and not a single decibel higher than necessary. She figured he’d been listening, the entire time, so the request couldn’t have come as a surprise. “May I give BN-450 a peach?” She asked, laying what she hoped was some sort of charm on. In her own head, she thought she sounded absolutely ridiculous. She was sure Hux felt the same. He let the question stew and simmer tensely in the air for a few seconds as he considered his options, before turning his head just enough for her to see his face. He looked well practiced in disinterest. “Of course. They do eat, you know.” She grinned up at Bean, who’d already begun to tug at the securing for his helmet and pull it off of his head. His hair was plastered back by a thin black hood, which he immediately pulled off. He looked like he’d been overheating in that thing. Comfort, Hux had said. Rey pursed her lips and kept back her criticism. “Thank you, Miss Rey.” Bean said, taking the peach in his dusty glove and bobbing it once into the air before bringing it to his lips to eat. “What about you?” She called out to the other Stormtrooper. “Do you want one?” Instead of the kind of surprising friendliness she’d already come to expect from Bean, this Stormtrooper gave her a much colder reception. He shook his helmet no, and kept his attention straight ahead. The perfect soldier, Rey thought. That was what she’d expected of Stormtroopers. She climbed off of the table and returned to her seat, carefully avoiding the other Stormtrooper as she slid in to the cockpit and strapped herself in. She leaned towards Hux, who seemed only mildly less thrilled to be flying again - and grinned. “ He regrets not coming. I can feel it.” She whispered to Hux, keeping names out of the conversation for privacy’s sake. “Do you think it’ll make a difference for next time?” Hux smiled leisurely into the reflection of the viewport, and gave her a curt, but pleased nod. “I do believe it will, if you play your cards right. I’ve found it’s rather difficult to say no to you when you set your heart on something, my dear.” Bean returned to his post, finishing up half of his peach before he held what remained out to his partner as an offering. The Stormtrooper beside him turned to look at Bean’s hand for a long moment, before reaching up and knocking it cruelly away. It clattered back into the ship, and Bean, properly chastised for his indiscretion, fumbled to slam his helmet back on his head. Rey watched out of the corner of her eye as he stiffened, and returned himself to stoic, inhuman silence. So much for a friendly breakthrough. Notes: Been a while! That's mostly because chapters like this, the ones that don't have exciting moments or huge plot or sexy sextastic moments, take me longer because I hate every second of em. But it needed to be written, despite how unimportant it might feel, soooo thanks for sticking with me and I'll be jumping on that next chapter quicker because I'm excited to get to LEIAAAAAAAAA In the meantime, it's art time! My bae Aicosu drew a scene from two chapters ago, where Hux and Rey have a nice, important chat and little things about his past come into light. She just dumped that on me when I wasn't looking and I was like OH, OH, WELL YOU CAN JUST END MY LIFE NOW THANK YOU. It's gorgeous and she's gorgeous and I love it soooo. ;; And then. THEN. An angelic and hard-working user by the name of jennity-blogs came out of nowhere and SUCKER PUNCHED ME AND LUCY AND A BUNCH OF OTHER FIC WRITERS by doing some AMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZING PODFICS!! So if you've been wanting to catch up on your reading lately but don't have the time to sit down and read? Come and choose from the MULTITUDE of Jennity's podfics, all of them EPIC works by amazing writers, but also Breaking Point is there too, and just I can't okay, I just can't with her. I mean look at all she's done. HOW EVEN?! So there's your goodies for today! Lastly I want to give a holler to all of you who are looking for somewhere to chat about Reylux or Kylux or Reylo or just ships and fics in general, our Reylux chat is public on discord and we'd love to have you!! It's real easy to join, you just need Discord. Come and join us, we'd love to have you! Instructions on how to join our chat can be found in this post I made! We're a family and even if the SW fandom is starting to quiet down a little, we're still raring to go. I'M GONNA SEE NINJA SEX PARTY NEXT MONDAY!! THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE FIC BUT I HAD TO SHARE!!! OKAY BYE I LOVE YOU Chapter 32 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey woke up, startled by a hand shaking her shoulder. She rubbed sleep out of her eyes and sat up straight in the passenger seat, tracing the indents against her shoulder and collarbone where the straps had pressed into her skin. Hux’s hand was still there, just barely touching her now. “You dozed off.” He informed her, as if it wasn’t already obvious. He pulled back to return to the controls, and his chin nudged upward to urge her attention forward. “I thought it prudent to wake you up before we disengage light speed and exit hyperspace. Pity. You looked peaceful.” Rey imagined how awkwardly she must have been slumped against the straps of her seat, possibly drooling, definitely snoring, and gave Hux a dubious glance. At least peaceful wasn’t actually a compliment, otherwise she would have called him out on it. “I didn’t even realize I’d fallen asleep. I was watching the patterns in hyperspace pass us by, and then suddenly you were shaking me awake. I feel like I’ve cheated my way through the - trip.” Her voice stuttered when they dropped out of light speed, and her sentence finished lamely from distraction. This wasn’t her first time witnessing a lush, fruitful planet from above; but that failed to dull the thrill and longing it wrought from her. She sat rigid and straight in her seat, falling silent just to focus all of her attention on the view. The planet; impersonally named T-459x as it hadn’t been colonized and officially named yet; looked like a very ripe, green fruit. It was spotted with grey clouds and bumpy, imperfect. The closer they got to it, the more that description began to fit the bill. It was messy, untamed, rough and unsafe looking. Most of all, it looked - wet. All those grey clouds were constant, off and on showers that kept the planet from ever truly drying out. She loved it instantly, despite the distaste on Hux’s expression when she finally tore her eyes away to check on him. “Rain.” He deadpanned, glaring at the storm beating against the viewport. “I confess I’ve had quite enough of it to last one lifetime. Let’s make this quick.” She wasn’t used to his voice taking on that particular tone when speaking to her, but she was far too interested in hearing more about Hux’s rain to find offense. “Did you grow up with a lot of rain?” She asked, even as she scrambled out of her seat to follow his heavy march out of the cockpit. She could hear the thud of Stormtrooper boots behind them, dutifully following along. “You can’t have been in the rain recently. Would it still bother you that much?” As the ship clanked open, Hux pulled his jacket collar higher, as if the air itself offended him. “Yes.” He answered, holding the crook of his arm out for her. “It is a feeling not easily forgotten.” She slipped her hand under his elbow thoughtlessly, and lifted her head to inhale the scent of rain and greenery flush in the air. She could feel the humidity sticking to her skin, and it almost made her feel like they were walking through a cloud of water. Her hair stuck to her face and her clothing sagged with moisture; and she loved every minute of it. Simultaneously, she felt Hux’s sour tones over the weather and took notice that he’d left his cape inside of the cockpit. It made her smile, to know that there would always be something in this world that Hux and his grand designs could not completely control. Until he designed a weather machine, at least. She slumped a little at how plausible of an idea that actually was. The buildings ahead of them looked weathered and hastily built; she wondered if they were even buildings at all, or if they were simply sturdy square camps that the Resistance had put together for their meeting. When they arrived at the doorway, she reached out to touch the walls and found them as solid and thick as they should be. Not temporary, then. Just buildings, perhaps old enough to have lost whatever shine they once had, that were now being repurposed for secret rendezvous. Once her hand brushed on the worn stone, the feeling of hastiness fled. There was something purposeful to every mismatched block and cut, after all; hidden from the naked eye, but just under the surface, where it mattered. There was something special about this place, even if it didn’t exactly look like it. She snuck a glance at the man beside her, and found him unimpressed. If Hux felt nothing for the buildings they strode into, then whatever she caught under her fingertips had to be Force related, and this wasn’t as neutral of a meeting place as she’d been led to believe. Kylo should have come. She found herself musing, not for the first time - but for very different reasons, now. He would have appreciated this place, at the very least. An emissary of the Resistance was headed towards them, down a long, window-lit hallway. It was a woman, not much older than herself, and every feature of her face struck Rey as both gentle, and familiar. “Welcome.” There was distaste in her quiet voice, which almost made Rey burst out laughing to hear it. It was like a small, domesticated pet growling in warning. There was nothing truly threatening about it, and all Rey wanted to do was know her the better for it. “General Organa’s in the meeting room, she’s expecting you. Please follow me.” She turned away without waiting for an answer, but Hux cleared his throat to catch her attention and force her to swivel around. She stared up at him, a little too wide eyed to keep up the petulant façade. “Not even a hello, Kaydel?” The Admiral’s smooth voice sounded amused, startling Rey once more. She didn’t recognize the name, but the woman’s face was pulling such nearly painful recognition from her that it only took a few more seconds before she matched up those war-hardened features with the gentle teenaged girl who’d been holding Mitaka’s hand and leaning against him in the old holo-projector image in Mitaka’s quarters. She sucked in an audible breath as the connection clicked, and she stared open-mouthed for a long, awkward stretch of seconds while the girl shifted uncomfortably under Hux’s overconfident lean. This was Mitaka’s - his childhood friend, his best friend, working for the Resistance. And Hux knew her. Hux knew her. A small shudder of fear for the girl skittered up Rey’s spine, and she shut her mouth closed before someone thought to ask her about it. “Don’t.” Kaydel warned, her little voice trembling as she rose a finger and pointed it right at Hux’s smiling face. “You might be here to play peacekeeper with the Resistance, and that’s all well and good, but don’t think that extends to us. This is my job. I’m to bring you to the General, and then to your rooms. That is it, Xander. No games.” Hux had the gall to look affronted, even surprised. He sucked in a dramatic inhale and turned to look at Rey, who’d schooled her features to near perfection until she narrowed her eyes at his display. “Games? Rey, she thinks this is a game to us. Frankly, I’m offended for the entire galaxy.” Rey rolled her eyes and unhooked her arm from his to hold her hand out to Kaydel. “It’s nice to meet you, Kaydel.” She offered, genuinely - and a little overexcitedly - pleased at this coincidence. The girl stared at her for a moment, trying to decide if it was best to just lump her in with Hux or if she deserved her own judgement. After a few long, tense seconds, she finally reached her hand out and shook Rey’s. “Rey.” She murmured, gnawing at her lip. “I’ve heard a lot about you. I hope all of it is true.” That was Finn’s doing, she guessed. She flushed and looked away, trying not to think about all the ways her friend had been talking her up to any ear in the Resistance who might listen. “Kaydel, my dear, whatever you’ve heard about her is likely far undervalued.” Hux’s voice had a dishonesty that was starting to tug at Rey, bothering her so much it kept her from taking his arm back. “But I promise, you will not be disappointed.” Kaydel refused to look at Hux again. Her eyes remained on Rey, pleading, but curious. Rey wanted to shout at the top of her lungs, I know Dopheld! He still has your picture! but something about the heavy coated sharpness she kept catching whenever Hux spoke to the girl had her holding her tongue. There was more to the situation than mere acquaintances - more that Rey still had yet to learn. “Follow me.” Kaydel was still speaking to Rey this time, when she turned around and headed off to lead them to the meeting room again. Hux crooked his arm out for Rey once more, and she looked at it for a moment, before a frown shifted over her features. She barely shook her head, and followed Kaydel down the hall. Hux was left for a moment with his arm still crooked, and all of the satisfaction draining from him until the arm fell. Perhaps he’d handled that a bit more poorly than usual, but Rey’s reaction had come as a surprise to him the way few things did anymore. This was a lesson to be learned, another careful annotation filed away in the logs of his mind to be put to good use later. He stepped quickly forward with long strides to catch up to the two women, and the Stormtrooper who hadn’t followed Rey kept that pace with ease. The meeting room felt as strange and crumbly as the rest of the building looked, with stone chairs and stone tables, and absolutely no technology whatsoever. Kaydel slid open the doors with her own hands, and then stepped aside to let Hux and Rey enter. She wanted to shut the door right on the Stormtroopers, but each seemed particularly well attached to their escort, which never gave her the chance. She closed the door behind them all, and moved to the far end of the room. Rey had trouble pulling her eyes away from the girl, just to catch every feature that might have changed since the last time Mitaka had seen her. She wanted to tell him - well, everything, really. How she wore her hair, now. How her expression seemed to have lost the ability to truly smile. How gentle she still was, despite all she’d seen. Rey’s heart hurt just to think of how long it had been since they’d seen each other. General Organa stood the moment the door had opened, but she hadn’t managed to pull Rey’s attention to her until she cleared her throat. Rey snapped to attention, turning red with embarrassment when she realized that not only General Organa, but Hux himself and half the table was staring at her. She grimaced and moved inward, holding her hand out for the General to take. “It’s nice to finally meet you, General-oh!” The woman had taken Rey’s hand, and slowly, but firmly, pulled the girl into her arms for a warm and startlingly affectionate hug. She said nothing, she simply held her, and in the warmth of that hold Rey knew she was already attached. She felt a great swell of pity and sorrow filling her heart until she was sure it would burst. She held back the tears that were already pricking at her eyes, but it was so hard not to want to bury herself in this woman and forget that she wasn’t her own mother, for just one heartbreaking minute. The moment was over too soon, and Rey was pulled away, held at arm’s length so that Leia could view her properly. Critical eyes scanned every one of Rey’s features, looking for something - signs of abuse, perhaps. Coersion. Manipulation. All she found in those wet hazel-brown eyes instead was a lonely girl who wanted nothing more than to make things right. And that was good enough for her. “It’s nice to meet you, too.” General Organa said, barely holding back her emotion-choked laughter. “I’ve heard so much about you. About - what happened.” In her words, Rey knew this was something different from what Kaydel had mentioned. She knew that Finn had told General Organa more than some vague compliments; it was unsaid, but the memory of Han, and what little time Rey had captured together with her husband had made an impact on them both. Now, Rey did not hold back the tears. That’s too bad. She could still hear it, as if he was right there, in the room. Chewie kinda likes you. “Rey?” She hadn’t even given notice to who the other people at the table were, until that voice ran through her like a bolt of lightning, and she was already walking towards him before she’d fully turned around. “FINN!” She yelped, all but collapsing into his large, waiting arms. She hopped up and he caught her, holding her an inch off the ground in a hug so tight it kept her from breathing. He was laughing against her hair, and her tears hadn’t quite stopped, so they simply kept sliding down her face when he held her. She hadn’t realized until that moment just how much she’d missed him. How much she’d missed this . He finally put her down on her feet, but swiveled her in his arms instead of choosing to let her go. “Sorry, General.” Finn breathed out sheepishly. “Didn’t mean to steal her away like that.” General Organa just waved her hand in understanding, but her eyes were flickering back to Admiral Hux with repeated interest. He’d been standing at attention, waiting for the opportune time to greet her, but now that she was free to accept that greeting she found him distracted, and ill at ease. His eyes couldn’t pull away from Rey and Finn as easily as an uninterested man should. She’d caught that, almost instantly. But it was the length of time in which it took him to realize he was being watched, that really caught her by surprise. “General Organa, it is an absolute pleasure.” Admiral Hux leaned in to take her hand, bringing it up near his lips and kissing the air just above it. Nearby, Finn was introducing Rey to Poe, and the rest of the Resistance leaders that had come to the meeting. Hux was finally focused on the General, but she saw distraction in his eyes, and let out a hum of interest. “I wouldn’t really call our meeting a pleasure, Admiral Hux.” Leia admitted, her expression twisting with wry amusement. “After all, we’ve done a lot of damage to one another. You don’t have to be so cordial. I prefer my antagonists to be blunt and honest with me.” “General.” Hux breathed out, his voice lowering with near inappropriate interest. “You paint me as a villain too soon. At least let me attempt to murder you in your sleep, first.” Despite the way the officer to Leia’s left tensed up at the seductively offered death threat, Leia simply burst out laughing. “That’s more like it.” She chuckled out, slipping her hand away from the Admiral and turning to face the group. “Now we can get started. But first - Rey?” Rey was in mid-conversation with Poe, half-entranced by the account of his last X-Wing flight, when her name caught her attention. She looked at the General in confusion, until the rise of Leia’s brows and tilt of her chin reminded her that she had forgotten something. “Oh.” Rey breathed out, swiveling her sack around to open it. “Right!” When her hand wrapped around her lightsaber, she had Hux’s full attention once more. “I made an agreement.” She explained, catching Hux’s eye and the narrowed look in his eyes. She’d forgotten to speak of it, since she felt she was the only one giving anything up to make this work. But in his expression, which was becoming more clear the closer she got to him and the General, the more she was now realizing that Hux did not appreciate surprises. “They needed something as collateral.” The room had gone painfully silent, broken only by the shifting whine of plastisteel armor as a Stormtrooper shifted. Rey hesitated once she stood beside Hux, questioning herself even as she held the lightsaber in her hands and looked up at him. Surely he didn’t care if she handed it over to the Resistance, did he? They wouldn’t have some strange advantage over them with just one old lightsaber. She couldn’t read his eyes. She tried, desperately, to reach out beyond his gaze and find some kind of reassurance that her sacrifice was a smart one. She found nothing from him but a solid, hurtful wall. He moved aside, and let her pass. With a deep, shaky breath, she moved her hand and held out the lightsaber to Leia, but her grip on it tightened almost instantly and her expression drained of color. It was a direct response to the rage flowing through her, and the piercing yell that flooded her mind from the moment she’d moved her hand. THAT’S NOT YOURS TO GIVE. She felt dizzy, and her free hand slammed down on the table to keep herself from collapsing right there where she stood. Hux’s arms snapped out to catch her, holding her captive while the force of Kylo’s overwhelming fury possessed her every muscle. The lightsaber dropped from her grip, rolling off of the table until it fell to the ground. She could hear Finn screaming her name, but it sounded too distant and far away to be real. Besides, the only thing she could focus on was the pain that he felt, the utter betrayal running through their bond rampant, crippling her until she was boneless in Hux’s arms. “General.” Hux’s voice sounded unsteady, but still full of determination. “Perhaps we can begin these proceedings tomorrow. The trip seems to have been rather taxing on Rey here, and I’d very much like to give her the time to rest and recuperate before we begin negotiations.” Finn was at her side now, but Rey seemed limp and unresponsive. “No.” He demanded. “She needs the med-bay. Give her here.” Hux did not seem inclined to listen to the man who’d once been his subordinate, and the expression on his face gave Finn every indication of just how he felt about that demand. “Rest assured, she’s not ill. I’m aware of what troubles her, so you’ll just have to trust me. She needs time. To rest.” “How the hell would YOU know what’s good for her, huh? Talking about trust? Trusting YOU? Are you out of your mind? I trust you about as far as I can throw you, so you give me Rey or I’m taking her-” “Finn.” General Organa’s voice cut through the sudden frenzy of Finn’s rampage, startling him into silence. When he saw her face, and the near imperceptible shake of her head, he let out a string of sounds that could have been words if he wasn’t so unbelievably frustrated. At best, they were garbled sounds of disbelief that finally ended in the end of his thought process, which was a half-screamed; “Taking his side now?” Poe clapped one hand over Finn’s shoulder, as much of a warning as it was a comfort. “Take it easy, champ.” He murmured, pulling Finn back a step. “General Organa’s got this under control.” Finn did not look like he believed that for a single second, especially when the General returned to Hux and told him, with nothing more than a tight frown, “Tomorrow then.” “Tomorrow.” Hux agreed, quickly, before leaning down to whisk Rey off of her feet. “I look forward to meeting all of you formally then.” He addressed this to the entire table, even as he held Rey cradled in his arms. Bean moved out of the way and cleared his throat, barely managing to get out the first syllables of an offer to take the girl if the Admiral wished, before Hux was already shoving his way through the two Stormtroopers and storming out the door. “Kaydel.” General Organa called out, without looking at the girl. Kaydel rushed to the woman’s side, and Leia nudged her chin towards the departing forms of the First Order. “Show them to their rooms, please. And have the kitchen send them a meal and some water for Rey.” In a quieter voice, weathered with exhaustion, Leia sighed out. “I think they’re going to need it.” After Hux settled Rey down on the chaise lounge in the first room Kaydel had shown them, he stood in front of her and watched her stuttered breathing. She was conscious, but something told him that she didn’t want to be. She hadn’t been ready for the emotions that had taken her, in that meeting room - and when she opened her eyes to slits and looked up at him, he felt the urge to comfort her so devastatingly within him, that he almost gave in and fell to collect her once more. But he did not give in. Because she wasn’t the one who needed comforting. “BN-450.” He called out, refusing to turn to the Stormtrooper as he stood forward. “Guard the door from the outside, please. Make sure no one enters.” “Sir.” Bean agreed, taking one step and tapping the second Stormtrooper to get him to follow. Hux heard the clap of plastisteel and turned his head up to look at them. “Just you, BN-450.” A quirked helmet signalled Bean’s confusion, but he was too well trained to question his superior’s motives. He nodded and saluted, before exiting the room and closing the door behind him. This left the second trooper in the room with them, shaking so visibly Hux could hear the armor plates clanking against one another. He sighed, and left Rey’s side to stand face to face with the trooper, holding his hands behind his back. His cold, glittering eyes stared fiercely up into the visor of the faceless helmet, waiting for the inevitable surrender. The silence settled heavily on the two of them, before that helmet finally dropped just slightly in defeat. When Hux finally reached up to unlatch and remove the helmet, the face inside was already scarred with lines of tears, both fresh and drying, along the edges of his ruined face. “How did you know?” Kylo whispered, his voice cracking painfully. “You think these men are faceless, nameless, to me.” Hux’s voice was so soft, it sent shivers down Kylo’s spine. “But I know them. I know them, Ren. And I know you.” The helmet was dropped, and Hux’s hands were in his hair, on his face, pulling him down until he cracked and let out a broken, muffled scream against the gold trim on Hux’s shoulder. This was everything Hux did not want, everything he’d striven so hard to avoid, and yet he refused to let go of the man as the years of frustration and denial poured off of him in waves, reaching its boiling point the moment he had to watch that lightsaber handed away to his mother. He only grabbed harder, wrapping his arms around hard plates of armor that felt so wrong in such a firm embrace. Ren quieted down sooner than he should have, and Hux knew he was trying, desperately, to temper the flood and push all of his emotions back down under the surface again. The sound of Rey sitting up was ignored, but her gasp when she realized who’d been under the helmet could not be. Kylo lifted his head and glared, driving guilt straight through her heart until she slumped back against the chair. “Don’t.” Hux whispered, despite having never moved an inch to witness the interaction or let Kylo go. Kylo’s dark eyes flickered when his anger faltered, reading the implication - the warning - the reminder in that one, gentle word. “This isn’t her fault.” He wanted to rail against the very idea of it. Of course this was her fault. She’d taken the saber from him, but he’d let her keep it because he wanted her to have it. He wanted it in her hands, if it was never supposed to return to his. He’d only wanted Rey - but instead, she was handing it off like it meant nothing, like it meant nothing - “You’re getting angry, again.” “Of COURSE I’m getting angry!” Kylo screamed out, pushing Hux away so hard it forced the man to stumble back against the side of the chaise. “That lightsaber belonged to me .” “Technically,” Hux said, adjusting his jacket carefully as if he wanted it to be clear that he was unaffected at being so haphazardly thrown aside. “It belonged to your family. If it’s to be considered a family heirloom, your mother has higher claim to it than you would.” “Lightsabers aren’t heirlooms.” Kylo hissed out, beginning the lengthy, restless back and forth pacing that Hux guessed would last him the rest of the night. “They choose their owner.” “And that one in particular chose Rey,” Hux pointed out lightly. “Did it not?” Though his words did not stop Kylo’s pacing, Hux received a scathing look in reply. “Then she should have kept it .” Rey, now fully recovered from the initial shock of Kylo’s heartbreak, was starting to stand up and wobbled. “This meeting was important-” “Rey. Don’t.” Hux reached out and sat her back down, settling her on the couch and propping her head up on the pillows. “Speak to him if you must, but stay seated. I’d rather not have you nursing an injury in addition to all we have to deal with right now.” Despite being seated, Rey looked adamant about defending her case. “They needed proof that I was serious. And they wanted something important in case things went south. And - honestly, Leia just really wants it. It’s all she’s got left to remind her of her brother - “ “HA.” Kylo’s loud scoff interrupted Rey, and she fell silent, slumping down into the pillows. As much as she wanted to argue her way out of this, he’d exhausted her with his own emotive explosion, and she couldn’t fight the memory of that anguish away. It still lingered in her fingertips, on the edges of her heart where she felt his heartbeat just one shudder past hers. She’d hurt him. Irrevocably, perhaps. She didn’t want to fight with him, anymore. “You told me you weren’t coming.” She whispered, her brow furrowing as she finally took in the disconcerting sight of Kylo’s head jutting out of the body of a Stormtrooper. “I wasn’t planning on it.” He muttered back at her, still razor sharp on all of his edges. “But someone stubborn and cruel and stubborn all over again kept trying to remind me that we’d lost you once, already. I wasn’t - I wouldn’t - I will not allow my absence to be responsible for losing you again.” Of all the reasons for Kylo to coerce his way onto their mission as a Stormtrooper, the only one Rey hadn’t been expecting in that moment was to keep her safe. The guilt tore into her with sharp, unforgiving claws. Kylo’s expression twisted and fell, bowing inward just slightly, and she knew he was feeling that, too. “I’d say I wish I wasn’t here to see all of that, but I don’t honestly know if I’d be more angry at you for doing so without my knowledge, than I am of witnessing it with my own eyes. I can’t even begin to imagine it.” And when she tried to think of it, she found that neither could she. Kylo’s rage was subsiding, but that did nothing to assuage the melancholy that was taking control of him, sliding him down to the floor with a clank until he sat there in a mess of armor and limbs. Rey got up from the couch, despite the warning glance from Hux beside her, and took gentle, quiet steps until she stood in front of Kylo. She got down on her knees, and very carefully, with ample time for him to push her away, crawled up until she was sitting in a ball against him, with her side pressed hard against his chest. He did nothing, at first, and she was just grateful that he wasn’t pushing her away. When she heard the click of plastisteel she stiffened, expecting that inevitable push. He wrapped his awkward, armored arms around her, and she turned her face to press against the flat white hardness of his chest. When she searched his feelings now, she could still feel it all simmering there under the surface. He was frustrated, and angry, and helpless; and he was trying, more than anything, to keep it all from lashing out at her again. She could feel that, above it all. He was trying . “You’re never going to learn without a lightsaber of your own, now.” Kylo whispered into her hair, and she almost believed that he actually cared about that over his own gripping loss, for one brief second. She laughed, a hollow sound that Kylo could hear ringing false, and turned her head up to look at him. “I hated sparring with you, anyway.” She admitted. He could feel how true those words were, how the trauma of their time together had turned her sour to lightsabers in general. Kylo wondered if that was part of the reason she’d agreed to the deal, in the first place. It started his anger up all over again, until he felt Hux pressing his leg against his own side, vying for his attention. “Can we all get off the floor, please?” Hux asked, in a resigned sigh. “It’s a little too uncivilized for me.” They took their time standing again, but once they were up, Rey cried out in surprise as she found herself crushed between the uncomfortable plates of armor and Hux’s rigid, tense chest. Kylo had grabbed for the man, pulling him up until Rey was almost lost between them. “You’re just upset we weren’t all over you.” Kylo taunted, earning a muffled, but no less obvious, snort from the woman between them. Still, she couldn’t believe that Kylo had managed to joke at a time like this. Despite how little she could breathe between them, she sucked in the first relieved inhale of air she’d taken since she’d handed over the lightsaber. Perhaps there was hope for forgiveness, after all. “Wrong.” Hux pushed at Kylo, trying to release himself. It was a half-hearted effort, but he did not give up the attempt until he froze in horror at the slow, careful feel of Rey’s arms sliding around his waist. Too much, this was too much, and he couldn’t do a damn thing about it. “I can assure the both of you, this is not what I had in mind.” Neither of them argued with him, even though they seemed reluctant to let him go. Because, if they were going to be honest with themselves, none of this had ever been what any of them had in mind, either. It just was. As she watched on, Leia almost wished she hadn’t had the foresight to install security cameras in the guest quarters when she’d chosen this old temple as the site for their meeting. She leaned back on her chair, pressed a shaking hand to her lips, and watched in near horror as the entire scene unfolded to its anti-climactic (but no less frightening) conclusion. Whomever Finn thought Rey was or had been when he’d known her, he must have been sorely mistaken. True, the girl was indeed special; Han had seen that almost instantly, and Leia could feel it even now. Special, but an awful, awful judge of character. And from what she could see, sorely lacking in any sense of self-preservation. Leia let out a deep sigh. She could feel her age so deep in her bones, just from looking at the sight of her son - her grown son - and a murderer lest she ever forget - hugging that girl. Hugging her until she all but disappeared. “Rey,” She muttered, her low voice hoarse with concern. “Just what have you gotten yourself into?” Notes: Gold stars to everyone who figured out that was Kylo, though it was quite a few of you so it's clear I am not the master of intrigue here x) OKAY SO just a heads up! This is my last chapter update until November - because I'm going to be both on vacation and also partying with some friends for the rest of this month, and also because I'm going to need a nice big break before I dive headfirst into November. That's because I'll be participating in NANOWRIMO this year as always - but this year instead of writing a new novel I'm going to be using my nano wordcount goal to write more Breaking Point. So YAY LOTS OF STUFF IN NOVEMBER! So yes, I will be taking a break to prepare my poor hands and brain and also just really busy this month! Hopefully this chapter will tide you over until then. In the meantime, hit me up on tumblr if you want okay??? You can ask me questions about BP I'll answer everything, or you can just send me nonsense too I really don't care, I just love you guys and love saying hi :D And hey if you're a writer or wanna be, there's an AWESOME exchange sign-up going on right now, check out the Reylux Tropesgiving here! And if you're also doing Nanowrimo PLEASE leave your Nanowrimo.org username in the comments so I can add you!! I LOVE ADDING PEOPLE ON THERE! Hope you guys have an AMAZING HALLOWEEN!!!! BEST TIME OF THE YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAR! Chapter 33 Summary: it's just welcome back fluff Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The awkwardness of waking up in Kylo’s arms was beginning to lose its effect, the more it happened. This time, when Rey came to her senses the next morning, it was a little easier for her half-conscious mind to process that she was effectively trapped in the too-warm embrace of his familiar arms, still so thick and long that they almost felt like they could loop around her twice if he tried hard enough. It was still shocking enough to pump adrenaline through her veins at the realization of losing her freedom of movement, but her mind began to catch up quicker, now. She remembered why she was curled up in a ball, burrowed into the black of a Stormtroopers stretchy bodysuit. She remembered enough bits and pieces of the night before; the argument, the hug, the subsequent second argument, the third, and then came the quiet whispers that were clawed out stubbornly between bouts of consciousness, as he carried her exhausted form to her bed and laid her there in an effort to make her stop talking. Her hands had clutched, needy and demanding, refusing to let go. And so, he did not let go. Now, awake and aware, she uncurled her body within the confines of his embrace and stretched out the kinks in her neck. The bed had been comfortable and wide enough to accommodate them, but she hadn’t taken much space in her wound up little ball. Now her legs unfurled, until her knees no longer pressed against his stomach and her toes could feel the sliding sheen of the fabric covering his legs. Her fingers unlatched from their vice grip on his chest, and her arms straightened as best as they could, with the outer one flopping against the dip of his waist. She wondered, for a moment, if this was normal for people who’d grown close in trust and bonding. She wished she’d had more experience with the matter, or any experience with people at all. She’d never felt an awkwardness from him when he woke up to find them tangled together, but a very quiet warning voice in the back of Rey’s head reminded her that Kylo Ren likely had little experience with friendship and affectionate behavior, either. Not for the first time, her mind drifted to his parents, and her brow furrowed with an aching frustration. She’d gotten only one bare glimpse into the life of Ben Solo, and she still remembered the pain aching from that lonely little boy. But now, far from those memories and still groggy with sleep, it was so difficult to comprehend what could have happened to force Ben Solo to turn him down a path as dark and deep as Kylo Ren’s. There were pieces missing; pieces she feared she’d never actually get a chance to find, because they weren’t hers to look for. She looked up at the man who so readily held her, arms locked in an embrace that spoke of protectiveness and fear, and decided to use this moment to her advantage. He wasn’t waking up, which meant she could look at him; really look at him; in a last-ditch effort to figure out what she was missing. She scooted up a few inches, and settled her head on the pillow beside him. Her movement had his face pinching, and she sucked in a breath to hold until she was sure it hadn’t been enough to wake him. Once time had ticked on, she breathed out in relief and watched the tips of his hair flutter in response to her breath. It served to distract her, but she didn’t focus on it. After all, there was so much else there to catch her eye. The first thing Rey realized when she finally gave herself permission to search Kylo’s face was that he had an equal amount of odd, awkward features to balance out the ones that were objectively attractive. She knew that his hair was not a typical feature, and couldn’t even recall ever meeting someone with hair that shiny or voluminous; save for his mother, and even then Kylo still managed better. She’d spent a lifetime with her own hair, feeling the thin, wafty strands fall through her fingertips lifelessly. Whatever Kylo did to fight the pull of gravity against his hair was probably purposeful, and crafted. So there was one thing she could glean from his appearance; he cared about it. Her eyes lingered too long as she stared; he cared about it a lot . But there were other things to notice, like the handful of tiny black moles that peppered his face in inexplicably random formations. They weren’t freckles, like the ones that smattered evenly across the bridge of Hux’s face. They weren’t sunspots like the ones that darkened and matted her skin when she’d failed to cover herself properly. They were something else entirely, permanent and brutal, darker against the skin than anything she was used to seeing. She wanted to reach out and touch one, but she knew that would definitely wake him up. Her fingers clenched automatically in response to that frivolous urge. Kylo’s nose was prominent. It was a statement, a demand to be noticed in a sea of other, equally noticeable features. It looked too hard and angled to be unattractive, and Rey filed that under the list of features that she considered to be objectively handsome. They were not handsome to her, she told herself. It was just an assessment, in some vain attempt to glean all she could about him as she slept. His lips, though. She was mature enough to admit that even she would have found those attractive, if she were the type to look for that sort of thing. They were too thick to be real, too plump to be ignored. They weren’t perfect, like Hux’s even lines. They were as asymmetrical as the rest of him, and just as demanding of attention. She frowned, and gnawed hard on her own lower lip as if somehow she could force it to be thicker by pulling alone. She couldn’t see his ears from the curtain of his hair, but she already knew they were just as big and demanding as his nose was. Her frown disappeared in place of a grin as she thought of just how imperfect Kylo Ren actually was, and how much better that made him as a whole. Did he spend his childhood worrying about his own looks? Was it as important then, as she guessed it was now? As easy as it might have been to try and place blame on egotistical shame, she doubted that had anything to do with his turn to the Dark side. But it did make her bite back a smile, to think of Ben Solo picking out that horrifying mask just because he didn’t like the way he looked. She only found it funny in its impossibility, creating a caricature in her imagination of the man fussing in front of a mirror. Her little experiment was devolving into irrational nonsense too quickly. She forced the smile off her face, and searched his features as a whole once more, determined to figure out more about him. In the end, Rey concluded that Kylo Ren was the most unique creature she’d ever met in her entire life, and she was sure that there never was, nor would there ever be, another being like him in the universe ever again. A great, comical sense of relief washed through her, and this time she did laugh, helplessly shaking in his arms. “What, may I ask, is so funny?” The voice did not come from the somehow still sleeping man that held her, but from across the room instead. She tried to turn her head, but couldn’t see him until she gave up and shifted her entire body around until her back was pressed against Kylo’s chest. She felt the arms around her fuss and tighten, but otherwise Kylo showed no signs of waking. Now, at least, she could see Hux. He was laying on the long couch, with his hands behind his head. His body looked rigid, but somehow still comfortable; as if rigid was the only way a man like Hux could ever manage to sleep in. Despite having spoken to her, his eyes were staring very firmly at the ceiling. “Other than how your current position of diplomat has been demoted to that of ‘official cuddle plush’. Is that what’s got you giggling over there?” The hazy, hypnotic peace that had clung to her thoughts while she’d examined Kylo’s sleeping form was stolen away from her like a yanked off blanket, and she was surprised to feel parts of her reaching desperately to try and get it back again. “It’s nothing.” She insisted, bitterness tinging her tongue. The sound of her voice had his brows raising enough to turn his head and stare at her, curious. “Is that so?” He replied, in clear disbelief. “Come now, there shouldn’t be secrets between us. Tell me.” Hux did not want secrets between them; but Rey cleverly understood that to mean that he wanted to know all of her secrets, and keep his safely locked away. Her lips twisted in a smirk, and she closed her eyes to hide them from his prying gaze. “It’s silly.” She told him, brushing it off. “Don’t worry about it.” She could hear the exact moment he’d pushed himself up off of the couch, and knew her insistence was just making him more curious. Good. “Rey.” His crisp voice demanded that she open her eyes to look at him with just one single word - just her name, spoken so clearly it felt like a siren’s call. She opened her eyes again and found him sitting on the couch, with his hands folded in front of him and his elbows resting on his knees. He was leaned forward, feline and intent. And he was smiling. He knew exactly what she was doing. He always knew. “I’ll tell you.” She acquiesced, but not without a price. “Come over here.” “That is quite obviously a trap.” He pointed out, always several steps ahead of her. She looked insulted, or at least she hoped she did. “What am I going to trap you with? Look at me. I’m already the one that’s trapped. I’m trying to let him sleep, that’s all.” “Has anyone ever informed you that you’re a terrible liar?” Hux chirped out, far too amused with her little game to actually be wary. He stood regardless, and his long legs took him to the bedside in three simple strides, pressing his shins against the mattress. “Yeah.” She whispered up at him. “You. A lot.” She crooked her finger, beckoning him to lean in closer. He let out an unimpressed snort of air at her boldness, but leaned in regardless. He didn’t even care to hear whatever it was that had made her laugh, anymore. He followed her relatively harmless orders because he itched to see just how far she would take her little ruse, and whether she understood just how dangerous it really was. But deep down, in places within him that he dare not tread, he already knew that she didn’t. “HA!” She exclaimed, snaking her arms out from under Kylo’s embrace and grabbing Hux by the elbows. She tugged him down and barely missed knocking his head into hers as he tumbled, awkwardly, down onto the sliver of bed remaining. His knees stopped him from falling on top of her, but once she gave up on pulling him he eventually slid down to lay on his side in front of her. The weight of him, and the sound of her voice, had startled Kylo awake. His head rose up to stare at the both of them with glazed eyes, before his eyelids drooped down to flutter closed, and his head thunked back against the pillow. The night before had exhausted him, and he wasn’t ready to face the world just yet. Even if it was a world where, despite the odds, he was laying curled up in bed with both Rey, and Hux. He’d deal with that later. “Was I not clear about my thoughts concerning sleeping with others, my dear?” Hux’s velvet tones whispered against Rey’s face, inches away due to sheer necessity. His eyes darted to her parted lips, where her tongue had snuck between her teeth and caught there in a devious grin. “We’re not sleeping.” Rey pointed out, and she had him there. “Quite right.” He admitted, his voice softening even further. The blanket that Rey had so desperately tried to find again was now falling like a spell over the lot of them, muffling the sound of reality until it was muted against his ears, like the silent ambience after a fresh snowfall. It was easy to forget, here. Easy to fall. Here, he could accept that the innocence shining through her bright eyes was not a coy temptation, but a brilliant, pure joy that Hux typically refused to believe existed. He could accept that this impossible thing resided in an impossible girl, and only there. If she had to be so very different from the rest of the world, then he found he didn’t mind believing in things that had no right to exist as long as they only existed in her. He’d gone quiet, and she’d noticed. His eyes hadn’t focused on her in some time, but when they did again, he found her searching all the features of his face. She was looking for something. He wondered what. She stopped as soon as he’d zoned in on her again, and gave her a smile that he hoped she would forget, or never search for again. It was an impossible smile for impossible things, and it only belonged here, under their invisible blankets of snow where no one but the three of them could see. He watched her eyes memorize the smile, and it dropped as quickly as it had come, because he should have known she would never forget such a thing. Stubborn, stubborn girl. “Wake him.” He whispered, nudging his chin towards Kylo. “We need time to prepare for the meeting, which is in an hour.” Rey hesitated. Hux knew she was stalling, refusing to push off the peace she’d found in whatever small world they’d just conjured up together like children. She wanted to stay curled up between them, giggling and smiling and searching, and despite the aching pull that Hux felt just under his ribs to do the same, he forced himself to shrug the muted feeling away. “Hux.” And just like that it was back, pulling him under by the sound of his name whispered off of hopeful lips. There was power in her breath, power he almost feared when he realized just how weak he had become to its whims. “Do you think, someday, in the future-” Hux sucked in a sharp breath, and felt the full sobering power of what could come from her words bring him back to reality. “I think that you should wake the beast before I have to do it.” He interrupted her before she could say whatever the peace within her had begun to evoke, and sat back up off of the bed. “I’m far more worried about the immediate present than I am about any possible futures, and if we miss this meeting, we’ll have come here for nothing. So.” He leaned over and prodded Kylo with the meat of his hand. “Wake him.” But the man he was prodding was already awake, with eyes that saw too much peering up at him critically. Hux realized that the clutch of fear and want in his heart was being echoed effortlessly within Kylo; the strength of it was possibly enough to have fully woken him. He stood up off of the bed, collected himself until every emotion Rey had elicited from him was stamped out of existence, and gave Kylo a thin smile. “You both have an hour before we’re expected. Make good use of it.” He warned, returning to the couch he’d slept on and stretching his long body out against it. He looked far more relaxed and languid than he had when Rey had first seen him. She suspected that was on purpose. “This is becoming a habit.” Kylo’s voice was in her ear, low and gravelly and powerful enough to make her suck in a sharp breath. He was doing that on purpose, but it was no less effective at causing little electric tingles to crawl under her skin. She turned her head to stare at him, narrow eyed with suspicion. He blinked innocently, and the faintest quirk of his cheek lifted one side of his lip. “It’s not a complaint. Just an observation.” “There are a lot of things I hate about you, Kylo Ren.” Rey muttered, her lips pursing down in a pout. “But you’re very warm, and very comfortable, and I like being close to people I care about. As long as they don’t make me feel uncomfortable about it, at least.” She turned herself around again so she could face him, and poked him square in the shoulder. “So if you’re not complaining about this, I suggest you stop whispering in my ear like that. I’ll be perfectly comfortable sleeping on the floor otherwise.” “But not happy.” He answered, almost too quickly. She hated how easily he could feel her emotions. How the warmth of a strong, familiar pair of arms made her feel safe. Wanted. Cared for. “No.” She huffed out sharply. “Not happy. But still.” The poking hand balled into a fist and she punched him softly against the same shoulder. “Don’t tease.” He opened his mouth to say something, something dangerously close to an admission, something that wanted to assure her that nothing he ever did was a tease, if he meant it - and his lips shut almost as quickly, keeping those thoughts very firmly to himself. “We should get ready.” She sighed out, still hesitant to leave her comfort zone. “Hux is right.” “I don’t like that phrase.” Kylo said, wrapping his arms up tighter. On the other side of the room, where he could very much hear them, Hux let out a sharp chuckle. “An hour is a long time. We’ll be fine.” Rey compared the man trying to convince her to stay in bed with him to the man who’d spent a night screaming directly into her face, and tried to resolve the dissonance between the two. Now, Kylo seemed calm, affectionate, caring even. And yet she hadn’t really given him a reason to treat her differently. Except sleep. Was sleep really enough to let him forgive her for what she’d done? She found that hard to believe. Despite how much she feared re-igniting his anger towards her, she edged herself closer. “You’re in a better mood than I expected.” Sure enough, the words reminded him of the night before, and she saw the moment of recollection pass over his expression in darkening features. She expected him to pull away, or release her from his hold. He did neither, surprising her with his continued affection and freely given warmth. Despite that, his words were flatter. “Well, I was .” Rey’s expression turned wry and unimpressed. “So nothing’s changed? You’re still not going to forgive me for handing over your lightsaber?” Without meaning to, Rey had used just the right words to settle those last strings of frustration vibrating against Kylo’s heart. She’d called it his lightsaber. Not hers, not Luke’s, and certainly not Leia’s. Just his. He reached down to cup her cheek in his hand, and the sound of her inhale made him smile. “Your lightsaber.” He finally admitted, in a voice much quieter than she’d ever heard from him. He’d spent all night trying to convince her that it belonged to him, when in the end he’d always known the truth. “It belongs to you. I think you’re a fool for giving it away, but I think you’re a fool for many things. This is your mistake to make, now.” It felt bittersweet, winning an argument she had already given up on. She thought she should have felt pride over being right, but she almost wished she’d been wrong. Then, at least, she would have been forced to ask for it back. He was right. She really was a fool. And to lie in this bed, still locked in an embrace too affectionate to be ignored, felt like just more proof of that foolishness. She turned to bury her head in the planes of his chest, and distanced herself from the unfamiliar welling emotion that had just begun to surface within, where no new emotions belonged. It felt similar to fear, but not the kind of fear that warned her the way it should have. It was that same fear she felt a second before she jumped off of a climbed edge, trusting in nothing but a rope to keep her from tumbling down to her death. It was the kind of fear she felt when she reached the bottom, and saw old, withered signs of those whose ropes had failed them. The kind of fear that reminded her she would be there, one day. But not today. “Are you - you know.” Her hands grabbed at the fabric on his chest again as the thought repeated like a chant in her head. Not today. “Going to the meeting as the ‘trooper? Or.” She let the question die there. Saying Leia’s name out loud felt like rubbing salt in a wound. “I wasn’t going to the meeting.” Kylo told her, shifting when she moved to arch her head back up and stare at him. “There’s no point now. I’m here to protect you - staying here is close enough.” He was leaving his true reasoning behind, but she picked up on it easily. “Do you think anyone figured out it was you?” She still couldn’t say the name. She almost had, that time, but he knew what she meant regardless. “She knew.” He told her. “She always knows.” “How?” Kylo’s eyes flickered to meet Rey’s, feeding her answers in the silence through the murky toil in his gaze. Leia would always be able to sense when her son was near, just as she’d sensed when her son had killed her husband, far away. She was force sensitive, too. Though Leia had attempted to demand Kylo’s presence during the meeting, this new understanding of the situation still managed to fill Rey with a chilling sense of dread. “Will she expose you if you go? Is that what you’re worried about? Maybe if you come as yourself - “ “That would be even worse. For her and for me. If I still had my mask, that would be something, but.” He faltered, and Rey was just proud of him for even considering it. As useless as it was, the fact that he didn’t simply brush off her idea without struggle meant the world to her. But he was struggling. “It doesn’t matter what she said. That woman - all those people - they don’t want me there. They’re searching for ghosts.” Rey heard an echo in the back of her mind, a memory of a scream on a bridge so far and gone that it sounded like a whisper. “Ben.” She spoke it aloud, and her eyes caught the barest flicker of a wince pulling his expression back. “They want Ben.” He nodded. Rey wanted to indulge in the frustration of the conundrum. Ben Solo was right there, laying beside her, arms tight and demanding around her curled up form. He was , because it was a name, just a name , and names only held as much power as you allowed them to. He was struggling with his loss of self, because he’d turned away from a life that he’d compartmentalized and labeled under the name ‘Ben’, then tucked away to be forgotten as much as possible. But life didn’t work that way. He couldn’t simply erase his past just because he’d carved out a new, terrifying future. He was both Ben Solo, and Kylo Ren. She wanted to be angry at him for not realizing this, but when she tried to gather the energy to do so, she simply felt drained. “You control who you are, Kylo.” She reminded him, her eyes fluttering closed with an exhaustion that had nothing to do with sleep. “Not your name. Not your past. Just you.” He fell silent for a moment, and she wondered if he thought she’d fallen asleep again. Just before she moved to remind him of the time, she felt a ticklish proximity against her cheek, refusing to bear down enough to press. It was so close that it brushed against the fine hairs against her skin, setting her nerves tingling with life. It was at least a handful of breathless seconds later before he finally pressed down, and she realized his lips had been doing that. It was the most hesitant kiss she could have ever imagined, and she wondered what she’d done to deserve it. “He would have liked you.” Kylo breathed out, from where his lips still brushed against her skin. “Stubborn, clever, strong.” Her skin was turning red and warm under his lips, but it had nothing to do with his proximity. These were compliments she sorely desired, but never expected from him. “And annoying.” He finished. She finally exhaled in a burst of laughter, and buried her face in his chest. “So, so annoying.” He was just proving her point further, the longer he tried to convince her that Ben Solo would have liked her for all these reasons. It was clear, by the way his lips tilted into the smirk she was starting to get used to, that these were the reasons he liked her, too. “But who’s to say I would have liked him?” She muffled into his chest. “Maybe he’d have rubbed me the wrong way. He was probably full of himself, over-confident, and moody, and reckless, and temperamental, and - “ His hand wrapped around her mouth, covering it so completely that his fingers were able to curve around her cheek. She let out a muffled cry of indignation, and glared up at him angrily. “I get it.” Kylo grumbled. “He’s me. You’ve made your damn point, and now you’re overdoing it. I forgot to mention that about you, now that I think of it. You always manage to go a step too far.” She couldn’t argue with that. She always managed to push him to the edge of a cliff, and then nudged that one last push over it. She fell quiet, but proved his point by sticking her tongue out to lick the palm of his hand. It should have disgusted him, but the way her eyes crinkled in mischief as she did it managed to distract him just enough to forget that she was being a brat. Because even then, she managed to make him feel something on his own. Not her emotions, and not someone else’s, but something strong enough from his own heart to overpower the feedback from others. It was worth a slimy palm to feel something that powerful. “You’re disgusting.” He told her, with the thick affection of words that sounded more like a confession. She laughed against his palm, and shoved his hand away with both of her own. “Hurry up and get ready for the meeting before our Admiral bursts a capillary from impatience.” “I haven’t even said anything.” Hux chirped out from his pseudo-relaxed position on the couch. “I can feel you from here. Impatient.” Kylo replied, finally unlocking his arms to release Rey and let her unfurl into a much needed stretch. He kept his eyes firmly on the Admiral, if only to keep away from the urge to watch her. She ruined his attempts when she sat up and moved back into his line of sight, tugging on his arm for attention. “You should still come. Even if it’s just as the Stormtrooper.” She stood before he could argue it, silencing him with a lazily placed hand against his lips. “Just think about it.” She left, heading for the refresher and leaving him stewing with exasperation on the bed. If he attended the meeting, it would have to be in the armored suit. His true presence would do nothing but upset the already tenuous balance of the meeting, and nothing would get accomplished through the chaos and confusion. But if he went at all, and the General decided to expose him for who he truly was, that would be even more chaotic. Would she do that? Would she risk everything - this attempt at peace and an end to the most ravaging war in the galaxy’s history - just to get her son back? His fists closed tightly in frustration. Yes, he told himself. She probably would. Stubborn, stubborn woman. Almost as stubborn as - “That was quick.” Hux called out, sitting up as Rey exited the refresher fully dressed and groomed. The second outfit he’d acquired for her was possibly the first dress the woman had ever worn, even if it was fit and efficiently simple. It was white, cut from the same cloth of his cape if Kylo guessed right; and it fell to her knees in a modest, flowy cut. There was not much to the design of it, fit for form rather than function, but her strong features filled it with lean, noticeable muscle and gentle curves. It didn’t need to be flashy to look beautiful on her. As far as both men were concerned, she’d managed that all on her own. “I was wondering why you hadn’t worn that the first day, but I find myself grateful that you chose to save it. After all, yesterday was a bit of a waste, wasn’t it.” Hux had already stood, stepping elegantly over to her and offering her his elbow. “You’ll find that being pleasing to the eye lends an ease to discussions of politics and debate. Any edge you can work in your favor is worthwhile.” Rey leveled him with a withering look. “It’s a dress, not a magic spell.” She told him with a roll of her eyes, curling her hands up over her arms self-consciously. “They don’t care what we look like, just that we stop shooting at them.” Both Hux, and Kylo, went very, very still. Rey felt the sudden tension in the air between them, and she turned to look at one, then the other, before her arms fell and she sighed. “What.” She grumbled, almost angrily. “We are going to stop shooting at them. Aren’t we?” “Of course.” Hux whispered, clearing the sudden gravel out of his throat. He reached for her hand, and wrapped it under his elbow. “That’s why we’re here.” We. She’d said it over, and over, as if it made perfect sense to her. As if there was nothing unfamiliar or incorrect about grouping herself in with the First Order, and the two men she currently kept company with. As though becoming their diplomat had taken on another level of intimacy, to the point where she’d begun to think of the world as us, and them. But they were the us , now. No longer them . Neither man pointed this out to her, for fear of frightening her to the possibility that her position at their side could hold long term potential, instead of what had previously been considered a more temporary situation. End the war. Find agreeable terms of long-standing peace. And then leave. Free to go wherever she liked. That had always been the plan. Until the ease of we charged both men with a small dose of dangerous, thrilling hope - and more importantly, a shared realization. They did not want this to end. Hux aimed a sharp side glance at the man on the bed, and they shared a short, but meaningful look. “You have ten minutes.” Hux muttered under his breath. “Fine.” Kylo responded, crawling out of the bed and heading to the refresher. Rey turned her head to stare at his departing form, and then gawked up at Hux with an open mouth and wide eyes. “Wait.” She breathed out. “Wait, wait, wait. What ? How did you just - “ Her hands left his arm to wave wildly at the closed door of the ‘fresher, unable to articulate just exactly what she’d seen. “He just - no argument, just off he went, simply because you said so?” Her voice had pitched high and screechy at the end in disbelief, but Hux paid no mind. He reached for her hand back, and felt the stubborn tug of her trying to pull away again until he brought it to his lips instead of his elbow. When he kissed the back of it, she paused to narrow her eyes suspiciously at the gesture. “My dear.” He murmured against the skin of the back of her hand. “You know how persuasive I can be.” She knew he was dodging the question. Hux was persuasive, but he hadn’t done anything to persuade Kylo in that moment, and whatever she’d missed between the two men was being kept tightly behind pursed lips. She slipped her hand away from his and reached out with two fingers, clamping his nose and squeezing it tightly. “Careful, Hux.” She warned, even as he pinched with indignation at her childish touch. “You’re a better liar than that.” That was true, he had to admit. He was. Kylo did not need ten minutes to hook most of the Stormtrooper armor back onto his body. Everything but the helmet was in place when he exited the ‘fresher, leaving him covered head to toe in white armor once more. He was quick to notice something that he suspected had been Hux’s plan all along, if he’d truly known from the beginning that Kylo was planning to sneak aboard their ship as a Stormtrooper. With Rey’s dress completing the look, the three of them were once more a trio of stark white, exhibiting uniformity where none had purposefully existed. He gave the Admiral a calculating look, and caught the discreet pleasure in Hux’s eyes. He’d definitely planned for this. “Will you share with me the reason why you’ve suddenly changed your mind?” Rey asked Kylo, laying her hands against the loose cinch of her dress waist. He leveled a flat look at her, and reached for the helmet, slamming it down on his head as a response. She’d get nothing from him, either. Exasperated, Rey threw her hands up and headed for the door, followed by each man in turn. She opened it to find the back of a Stormtrooper uniform, guarding the door vigilantly. Bean. Rey whirled around to glare at Hux, who had the decency to raise his eyebrows in surprise. “Tell me you sent Bean to his quarters last night.” She demanded, folding her arms up tight with accusation written across her features. “BN-450 is well trained in overnight surveillance. All my men are. You underestimate his stamina.” Rey’s furious glare did not abate, even if she was assuaged in the knowledge that this might have been a typical day of work for Bean. That still didn’t make her feel any better about falling asleep before making sure he was taken care of, and she sought to rectify that immediately. She turned back to the ‘trooper, and pointed down the hall. “Bean, go to bed. That’s an order.” The ‘trooper jolted, startled by the firmness of her demand. He’d already taken a step back before his head finally turned to confirm the order with the Admiral, who nodded his head with a near imperceptive movement. Bean saluted crisply, and with a respectful “As you command”, he marched down the hall towards the quarters that had been reserved for himself and the other ‘trooper last night. It sent a shiver down her spine to see Bean so rigid and obedient. Not once had he questioned the fact that the other Stormtrooper had slept in the same room as Rey and Hux. Nor did it even occur to him to note that Hux, himself, slept in her room. But she wondered if those particular bits of information would get back to the troops, once Bean was back on base with those he considered his friends. She made a mental note to talk to him on the trip back, once this was all over. Just in case. “I suppose that means we’re down one Stormtrooper.” Hux pointed out helpfully. “It’s a good thing we’re not down two.” The ‘trooper behind the two of them said nothing as he escorted Hux and Rey back down the hall, towards the temple’s meeting room once more. He wasn’t happy to admit that Hux was right, and his presence was more necessary than he’d initially thought. He wanted to stew in that unhappiness, and let it well him up until he was too full of it to feel anything else - especially once they neared where he knew his mother waited. Instead, he felt emotions ebbing out from Rey, hard to place until he realized the call of it was longing , and he pinpointed the cause. She was tightening her arms around herself, locked in inadequacy and hesitance over what she was about to do and how she would go about it. And in that moment, Rey wanted nothing more than to turn around and go back to that bedroom, climb back in her warm bed and curl back up into his arms. She craved comfort, he reminded himself with a sharp, angry stab. It wasn’t his arms specifically that she wanted. Rey was a creature of comfort, and he’d become a willing servant to her needs. But it could have been anyone she trusted, he told himself. It wasn’t about him. It was never really about him. But when she cocked her head just enough over her shoulder to peer at him, and he saw the tender, shy look in her side glance, he allowed himself to believe - just for a moment - that perhaps it could be a little bit about him, after all. Notes: See told you, it's just fluff but lbr it's about damn time - and I'll be honest this chapter was so self-indulgent like I just sat down after this long ass vacation and I was like HNNNNNNNNNNNNNGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH and then this happened Nanowrimo in full swing, I'm a little behind but that's because I started 5 days late which I usually do anyway, and I'm already halfway to catching up. Let's keep this show going! Actual fucking plot coming next chapter! Not just me indulging in my favorite threesome starting to crawl all over each other while simultaneously ignoring actual feelings!! Yay!!! Wait- If you're curious, here is Rey's dress from this chapter . Thanks to my girl Sassy for helping me pick it out! I MISSED YALL AND I MISSED THIS! edit: ao3 did some weird crap with double spacing, I just went back and hand-fixed it all but if I missed any I'm sorry kdfjfsdkljds Chapter 34 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Nothing about the meeting room had changed since the day before. Even the placement of those attending managed to remain the same, with Finn sitting closest to the empty seats waiting for Rey and Hux. When the doors hissed open, the attendees stood in nervous attention, and Rey paused in her step when she noticed it. The tension felt thicker than she remembered it; even though the edge of excitement had long past. No one was glad to see them anymore; it was all doubt and hesitance, now. She walked in regardless, followed by the Admiral and the Stormtrooper behind her. They took their places at the table, while Kylo remained against the wall behind them like a vigilant, armed statue. Even then, no one seemed interested in sitting down. Rey flickered her eyes at Leia - sure enough, the General was watching the Stormtrooper like a hawk. “You seem to be missing someone.” Leia murmured carefully, waving a vague hand at the ‘trooper behind them. “He wasn’t feeling well.” Rey offered as an explanation. “So I sent him back to bed.” She’d caught Leia’s attention with that kind of explanation, earning herself a wry smirk and a knowing gaze. Leia’s eyes glittered with a mischief that melted the years right off of her, and Rey could see the woman from Kylo’s dreams in that smile. She returned the gesture, but only for a moment. For Leia, it was enough. “How thoughtful. Was the First Order always that thoughtful , Finn?” Almost everyone else’s attention turned sharply to the ex-Stormtrooper when Leia asked the question, except for the General herself. Her eyes were still flickering between Rey, and the ‘trooper behind her. She wasn’t being particularly subtle about her interest. “ Actually ,” Finn sounded reluctant to admit the truth, and his hand reached up to rub the back of his neck as he tried to find a way to get around it. “Health was top priority. If we ever got sick - didn’t really happen much, but if it did - we were sent to quarantine care and bedrest until it passed.” He sounded like he hated that he couldn’t fault the First Order for bad conduct in this, too. “Captain’s orders.” “We have an excellent health program, General Organa.” Hux helpfully chimed in, keeping as much of the smugness out of his voice as he could. “We’ll be happy to share the details with you if you’re looking to upgrade your facilities here for better workplace productivity. I’m sure we have much to offer one another, when the time comes.” He’d failed. The smugness was practically dripping from his voice. “Why don’t we all sit down?” Rey chimed in, desperate to get Hux to stop goading the General into ending the peace talks before they even began. She felt the murmur of agreement in the room, and pushed her seat out to get in it. Beside her, Finn reached out to tug on her hand, capturing her attention while they both sat down, and she leaned in to listen. “How’re you doing?” He asked, keeping his voice quiet despite the lack of sound in the room to hide his words. “After yesterday?” She’d almost, blissfully, forgotten about practically passing out at the meeting the day before. Her movement to sit slowed, as though it could stall her away from answering the question. She was fine, of course - but Finn wasn’t going to accept that without an explanation. What, then? She nodded, unsurprised to see his eyes widen in a silent request for more information than that, and gave him a soft, hopefully genuine smile. “I think it was something I ate. I threw up when I got back to my room, and then I was feeling fine. It was probably just some bad fruit on the ride here.” She was a horrible liar - even she knew this - but she hoped that mentioning something as uncomfortable as vomiting would turn him off from pressing the conversation further. And she was right. He winced, and then patted her back a little too hard. “That’s rough, buddy.” He admitted, leaning back in his chair. He was more than done with the conversation - and Rey was free to let out a short sigh of relief. When she turned her head to her other side, she found a pair of cold, hard eyes staring intensely at her, filled with entirely too much interest. Hux looked - she couldn’t quite place it, because she’d never seen it before. Proud? Devious? What, exactly was she looking at, swirling openly in his gaze? It disappeared in a blink, and he reached out to pat her hand fondly as if to assure her he’d never let her know. “I’m ready to hear your case, Hux.” General Organa interrupted the quiet moment with a sharp impatience, nearly stealing Rey’s breath away with surprise. The Admiral turned to Leia, smiling as though the continued disrespect of not using his official rank didn’t bother him in the slightest. She returned a mirror of his smile, and waved her fingers at him. “I’ve been looking forward to hearing this.” Rey bit her lip, and her brow furrowed with frustration. She thought she’d been the one who was supposed to figure out a solution for the both of them - but she was no politician, and no war expert either. Still, she’d been trying her hardest to find a way for everyone to be happy. She hadn’t yet succeeded .. but she’d been trying , damn it. “I had rather been hoping this would be a mutual transaction, General.” Hux admitted, his lower lip twitching in what was probably meant to be a frown, if he cared enough to express it. “I have many ideas, of course - as does Rey - but I thought you’d be bringing just as much to the table as we would. Was I mistaken in my assumption that you want peace as much as we do?” Leia didn’t hide her reaction - she openly scoffed at the idea of the First Order wanting peace. “Oh no, believe me, I’ve got ideas - but you’re not going to like a single one of them. If that’s what you’re hoping for, we’ve got a real problem.” She flickered her eyes at Rey for a moment, critical as they stared her down. “Rey’s got something, you said? Maybe we should start with that.” Oh, no. No, no, no. Rey began to panic almost immediately. This was what she’d thought she’d be doing here, but for a moment she’d been allowed to grasp onto the relief of Hux taking over, only to be thrown back in without warning. Now she was twice as nervous as she had been, and all eyes were on her. She had to find all that courage she’d been working up for the last few days, and put it to good use. She felt Finn’s hand wrap around hers again, squeezing hard. She stared at the contrast of her own hand against his and smiled, instantly comforted by his presence. He believed in her. They believed in her. She could do this. She could do this. “There’s bound to be a million steps to making a formal peace, but I suppose when I thought about it, I tried to focus on what the first few steps would need to be. So, a treaty, perhaps? Something signed, official, public. I think the biggest problem right now is that not everyone in the galaxy is on the same page concerning who’s right, who’s wrong, or more importantly, who’s in charge. It’s kind of all amuck, isn’t it?” She thought back to her time on Jakku, and how little the lives of scavengers were affected by - or were even aware of - the war. “With the New Republic gone, there isn’t any clearly defined system in place to govern - systems are being left to their own devices, and I imagine a lot of that is rather chaotic right now. I think, a public gesture might help tie things together. For those systems who were used to knowing who to turn to - both Republic and First Order controlled - and probably feel a little lost right now. Is that - am I wrong?” Her gaze turned immediately to Hux, staring up at him with eyes entrenched in open trust. As she’d spoken, she’d focused on his familiar presence at her side, and his quiet energy settled around her. For a few moments, it almost felt like he was the only person she was talking to - and it had made the words flow so much easier, until she questioned herself. When her eyes settled on him, and her expression furrowed as she waited for his judgement, Hux sucked in a very small breath, and held it. He had thoughts on the matter. Oh, he had thoughts, and he wanted to lay them all out for her to pick at and put together in ways only a scavenger could. But for a moment too long, he held his breath and just reveled in her trusting gaze. The hand that had been holding Rey’s on her other side unnoticeably released it, and slid away. “A treaty means we have to agree on something before we can go public with it.” General Organa interrupted the silence with her own response, with a tightness in her voice that forcefully pulled Hux’s attention away. “What, exactly, do you propose we agree to?” “Why, a ceasefire, of course.” Hux offered easily. His eyes were on Leia now, intent and confident and strong. Even so, Rey felt strangely involved, as though his attention had never quite fully strayed away from her. It left her feeling important. “The First Order agrees to cease all military attacks on any civilian or New Republic based targets, and vice versa.” “What about the systems under your regime?” Leia quickly countered, as if the question had been waiting at the tip of her tongue to be thrown in Hux’s face. “You’re not going to release them?” “I assumed we were discussing our first steps, General.” Hux chuckled out. “Not every subsequent step after. This initial treaty should be a ceasefire. Settle the dust, give the galaxy time to recover, and then hash out the details.” “You call the freedom of countless lives just mere details to be hashed out at your leisure?” The conversation had turned sour in the blink of an eye. Leia’s voice had already begun to raise, practically yelling at Hux despite the calm and collected manner he retained in the face of her outburst. “A ceasefire’s only going to benefit you if you’re still out there trying to gather worlds under your power and build up your forces. If you think it’s going to be that easy, which I know you don’t, then you’ve got a lot of nerve wasting my time here.” “General Organa, please, that’s not at all what we’re doing. I promise you!” “We?” It was Poe’s voice - one she wasn’t used to hearing - that caught Rey by surprise with the gentle prod. She turned to look at him, confused by the term for a handful of seconds before the weight of what he was saying settled on her shoulders. How was she supposed to be an impartial player in this meeting if she was already subconsciously referring to herself as someone aligned with the First Order? It was just one simple word, but it put the entire balance of the discussion in danger. She slunk down against the back of her chair, struck silent by Poe’s observation. “She meant she’s not here to help the First Order out.” Finn shakily supplied, desperate to help Rey just as much as he was desperate to believe in her. His hand was back around hers again, but this time, she did not squeeze back. Leia, she noticed, looked more devastated than she expected. This should have been a triumph for the General; finding chinks in Rey’s already weak attempts to bring the two sides together. Instead, she looked as though Poe’s word had somehow lumped her in with Rey, too. It made no sense. “This is getting us nowhere. Unless you’ve got something else to offer, Admiral Hux - “ The use of his official title startled Hux away from the troubled gaze he’d settled on Rey. “ - Then I think it might be time to escort you back to your ship and end this charade.” Hux was not done. Not nearly. “If you’ll allow it, might I have a word in private? Just the two of us.” The Stormtrooper behind him shifted slightly in place. “As enticing as the offer is,” Leia chuckled out, laying it on too thick to be an accident. “I think you’re barking up the wrong tree, here. Whatever you have to say to me in private isn’t going to change my mind - you’ll find I’m much more stubborn than all my colleagues, here.” “I believe that.” Hux countered tightly. “But I wish to speak of things leaning towards a more personal nature than a galactic war. If that’s all right.” Leia regarded him for a long, agonizing moment, before nodding in agreement. He assumed that she had some inkling as to what he wished to discuss, but was pleased to see so little persuasion would be in order, regardless. He stood, and Rey immediately followed. When he turned to her, he gave her a questioning look, before she slumped back down in her chair. “Sorry.” She muttered, still stewing with her own frustrations. “I wasn’t listening. Are we leaving?” Her lips pursed tightly around the word we, this time, and Finn’s hand tightened just as much. “Not just yet. The General and I will be speaking in private first. I trust you wouldn’t mind waiting here with your friends until I return?” His icy gaze flickered up to meet the suspicion in Finn’s, before they returned to Rey and melted to tenderness immediately. Rey had already turned to Finn, tugging on his hand before nodding. “Yeah. Finn owes me some proper introductions.” The matching glare Finn had been sporting broke at that, and he smiled down at her sheepishly. “Excellent.” Hux’s voice was sharp, punctuating each syllable with a little too much force to be natural. He moved to Leia’s side, holding his hand out politely to help her up. “Lead the way, my lady.” Leia looked highly unimpressed with his display, and slid one last glance at the Stormtrooper standing at attention against the wall, before leading Hux out of the room. “That was a whole bucket of awkward, right there.” Poe breathed out, relaxing against the table as he shifted his seat closer to Finn until the former Stormtrooper was forced to slide closer to Rey as well. Poe leaned in and gave Rey a wide, carefree grin, resting his chin on his arms. “So, I hear you want to be properly introduced to me?” “For crying out loud Poe, right off the bat?” Finn put his hand on Poe’s face, playfully pushing him away. Despite how frustrated Finn was trying to sound, Rey could tell there was less agitation there than there had been the first time Poe had attempted to flirt with her, over the holo. Something had changed for the better, and for that she was glad. At least something was going right, around here. “That could have gone a hell of a lot better.” Poe admitted, around the edges of Finn’s hand. “But at least nobody killed each other. So that’s a plus, right?” Rey hadn’t said a word since Hux had left, but it was only then, as both men turned to her for her input, that she’d felt like she even had to. She could have been perfectly happy staying silent, watching them drive each other mad. They looked as though they clearly felt otherwise. “Do you agree with General Organa? Do you all believe the First Order is just using this peace - and me - as a ploy to get more power?” Finn and Poe shared a long, dubious look. “It’s not that we don’t believe you , Rey.” Finn began, with Poe interrupting him so easily it felt as though they’d practiced it. “We know your intentions are good.” “We’re behind you on this, all the way.” “But we’ve seen what they can do, what they’re capable of.” Poe’s hand reached out as far as it could go, to wrap over the one Finn had clasped of Rey’s. “They killed so, so many people. They tortured people, Rey. They tortured me. That’s not the kind of gang I tend to put my faith in when it comes to making honest decisions.” Rey’s hand slid away from both of them, and wrapped around herself. She realized, a little belatedly, that none of the Resistance knew what Kylo had attempted to do to get the map out of her head, when she’d first been captured. She wondered if that was what Poe meant by torture - but she got the feeling that it wasn’t. There was something a little more broken, a little more haunted in his eyes. She tried to make sense of it. “I know what kind of people they are.” Rey assured him, leaning in to lower her voice. The others in the room - who hadn’t even had a chance to enter into the conversation before General Organa had shut down the meeting - looked as though they were leaning in as subtly as possible, in order to listen. “But that’s why I’m there. Don’t you see that? As long as I’m involved, no one else is going to die. And there won’t be any more of this - “ Her hands waved in agitation. “ - Superweapon nonsense. I have his word.” “His?” “General Hux.” Finn rolled his eyes so hard it was comical. “Admiral.” Rey corrected. Her voice was sharp. She could tell that Finn had noticed. “You’re asking a lot of us to put all our faith on the word of that guy, unless that word is fire .” Poe had a habit of saying exactly what was on his mind, without a filter or concern. Rey was beginning to learn that about him, and she couldn’t decide if she liked this characteristic of his or not. “You can’t control them, Rey.” Finn’s voice was much more serious, and much more concerned. “You know that, don’t you?” “Of course I do.” She muttered through a frown. She didn’t want to control them. She wanted - the thought came unbidden before she could censor herself, but she was glad she hadn’t said any of it out loud. She wanted to believe in them. She wanted to, so very desperately. Without thinking, her head tilted an inch in the direction of the Stormtrooper before she stopped herself from turning all the way. She couldn’t even look at him, right now. It was torture. Since when do we need to look at one another to say a word? His voice felt like a balm to her nerves, quietly growling in the back of her mind. It was enough, to know he was there. Just like always. “But I can control what happens while I’m around. I’ve told them both as much. If you don’t believe me, just ask them. Ask them what I promised if they so much as hint about another massacre, or plans for a new superweapon. I can guarantee you it won’t be pretty.” Her threats would have had a little more weight, if she’d kept her lightsaber, she thought. (He thought? She couldn’t quite decipher if that thought had come from her own mind, or snuck in through his. He was just devious enough to get one last jab in before truly dropping the matter.) “Remind me not to get on your bad side.” Poe chided, his wide grin returning to his charming face. She grinned back at him, and nodded sharply in agreement. “Yeah, well,” Finn breathed out, neatly positioning himself in the way of that grin. “General Organa’s still not going to let this happen unless she feels really secure about this. And I can’t blame her. Hux is a slimy, underhanded sneak.” “ Hux ,” Rey hissed out, strong enough to jar Finn out of the sullen mood he’d put himself in by speaking of his former superior. She sounded like she was about to yell at him for his insults, but she stopped herself before any such reprimand came out. “.. is much nicer than you would believe.” “Nice?” Finn choked out. “ Nice ?! He led the Stormtrooper program, Rey. Do you wanna talk about how nice reconditioning is with me, right now?” She’d almost forgotten that Finn had no idea of the changes made since Starkillers destruction, but she still felt a pang of guilt for reminding him of what traumas he’d likely gone through during his time there. She returned her hand to his, and squeezed it gently. “They’ve removed reconditioning. I thought - you should know that. The program’s received an entire overhaul since Snoke’s ousting. Hux oversaw the entire thing. It’s - things are better, now.” Finn scoffed at her. “Not perfect,” She admitted. “But. Better. Maybe you could talk to Bean about it?” “Bean?” Poe chuckled, amused by the name. “The other Stormtrooper that came with us. He’s sleeping now, but when he wakes up.. Finn, you should. You should! This could help. If you knew everything that’s changing from within the First Order, maybe you could help General Organa understand that they’re not trying to dupe her. It’s real, Finn. This offer - it’s real.” As much as Finn wanted to ignore her, or disprove her, or rail against the very idea that the First Order were anything but cold-blooded killers and liars - hearing Rey speak with such fervent faith about the possibility that something critical had changed within the system he’d lived in for his entire life made him ache with a bitter regret. If only things had been different before , then maybe.. “Buddy?” Poe whispered, laying his other hand on Finn’s shoulder. Finn turned his head to meet Poe in the eyes, where that haunting sense of loss was echoed in his deep brown orbs, and he let out a long, shaky sigh. “I’m not promising anything.” Finn muttered. “But I’ll talk to him.” Rey gasped, and he lifted a finger to stop her from getting too excited. His eyes were wide with warning. “I’ll talk to him. That’s it . Don’t get your hopes up. I can tell when someone’s been reconditioned to say something, Rey. If this is another lie, that’s it. There’s nothing the First Order can say or do to make me believe a single word they say, after that.” She thought back on all of her interactions with Bean, trying to distinguish if there was something he was doing, or saying, that could have been considered forced, or manipulated. In truth, Bean was one of the most genuine people she’d met on the Finalizer so far. He was just.. Nice. Loyal, but nice. She nodded her head, agreeing to his terms with gusto. “Now, do I get that proper introduction, or not?” Poe asked, holding his arms out for a hug. Without a beat to waste, Rey stood up off of her chair and walked over, launching herself right into his arms. “Unbelievable.” Finn muttered under his breath. “Doesn’t even save your life, not once, but twice, and he gets your first hug now that you’re here. Unbelievable!” Rey laughed at the pouting man behind her, and pulled away from Poe just long enough to wrap one of her arms around Finn’s shoulders and tug, hard, until he’d all but slammed into the hug with them. She could hear muttering from the other side of the table, where two men seemed intent on discussing the matters they’d just eavesdropped on without being heard, and chose to ignore them quite easily in place of paying attention to how good it felt to just hug her friends, without a single care in the world. She realized, with a start, that she could feel the growing feedback loop between her own joy, and the echo of what Kylo was feeling coming off of her. She started laughing, almost uncontrollably, and after a moment of surprise (and concern) the two men in her arms began to accompany her. She wondered if the others in the room would think she’d gone mad, and then she realized - she really, really couldn’t find it in her to care. It felt good to laugh again. To really, really laugh. Disaster could wait another hour; for now, she reveled in the freedom of laughter. And quietly hoped that Kylo could, too. The balcony was just as worn and minimalistic as the rest of the building; as if it, too, had been carved directly out from a mountainside, fit just well enough to be considered functional before being abandoned. At least the furniture was less casual, and therefore most likely brought in far after the original purpose of their location had been cast aside in favor of abandonment. Hux led the General to one such seat, pulling it out cordially and waiting for her to take it before sliding her closer to the small, round table in front of her. When he took his seat, he lounged against the high chair back and cast his eyes to the lush, but monotonous view. “Quite an interesting choice for our first meeting, General. I can see why this planet has remained off of both of our radars until now. Nothing here of interest, as far as the eye can see. I’d ask how you found it, but that would just be more small talk, and from the way you’re looking at me, you don’t seem entirely interested in talking to me any more than you have to.” He’d slid his eyes to regard her while he’d been speaking, and caught the tight, unhappy frown on her face. It had him turning to face her fully, leaning his elbows against the table, and pressing hands together to give him something to lean his chin on. “You’d be right about that.” Leia chuckled out mirthlessly. “Say what you brought me here to say, Hux. We’ve got better places to be.” He continued to stare at her, with his head resting on his hands, and his lip quirked up to one side in amusement. “Just like him.” He muttered, in a voice so unlike him it even startled Leia. “I see a lot of him in you. Or I suppose I should say, I see a lot of you in him. That furrowed brow. That particular expression. That’s where I see it. Are you mad at me, General Leia? For bringing you here, for giving you hope? Is that why you’ve treated me so brusquely during our time together? Or are you simply unable to see past the smouldering wreckage of our past in order to believe there’s a chance for our future?” “I stood there helplessly as you killed billions in the blink of an eye. Good people. Innocent people.” Leia had leaned in to interrupt him, until they were only inches away. Hux did not flinch; he preferred it this way. He preferred to see that familiar rage billow up in her eyes. He thought he had some rather unique experience in quelling it. Or - in this case - stoking it. “You did.” He nodded, just slightly. “And you know I fully believe that act was necessary for the betterment of the Galaxy. The New Republic was a disease , General. There was a time when you, too, believed something similar. Tell me, honestly. What exactly had triggered the creation of the Resistance in the first place? Your cobbled together vigilante group that worked in secret, from both us and the New Republic. If there was nothing wrong with your government, why spend so long in hiding? Why exist at all?” He watched a fire light in her eyes, and not all of it was hate anymore. “Bureaucracy is not a poison, it’s an obstacle. Obstacles can be overcome - peacefully. You don’t need to blow them away. ” Hux took in her words for a bold second, and licked his lips. “Were your efforts to overcome these obstacles doing well, before we came and villainously mucked it all up for you? If you truly believed the New Republic was salvageable, you never would have left it to become a war-monger.” “I AM NOT-” Leia stood, brought to her feet by sheer uncontrollable fury. He watched her go, and watched her stop herself just as quickly, and drop back down in the chair in front of him. Kylo had his mother’s temper, too. “A war-monger would enjoy seeing these people give up their lives for the cause. I’m tired, Hux. I’m as tired of all of this as anyone here. But I’m not so tired that I’m just going to blindly hand over the keys to the galaxy to you just because you promise a pretty tomorrow. I need something solid from you. Something I can count on - even if it’s just a better reason than you want peace, too.” Hux watched the exhaustion slowly settle into her shoulders, and darken her eyes. She was tired, and if he had been plotting some grand plan to force the Resistance’s hand, this would have been a perfect time to take advantage of it. He almost wished that was the case. His back straightened, as his arms left the table. “I’d thought that was what I was doing with Rey, when I first decided to enact this plan with her. Isn’t she enough for you to count on?” The topic direction had Leia’s eyes turning critical, and Hux felt a pang of something he almost believed was regret when she turned those eyes so sharply towards him. “I’ve got a better question. At what point did she become something for you to count on?” Now she was leaning in, just as he’d been. He remained rigid and straight in his seat. “I’ve been meaning to ask you about that. About Rey. About - your intentions concerning her.” Leia’s phrasing sounded comically like parental concern, which almost made Hux chuckle. Then he realized that she was a parent of someone involved, and the humor bled quietly from the entire conversation. “If you’re worried about her safety, I can guarantee she’s in no danger. The entire ship is under strict orders to - “ “Not her safety.” This time, it was Hux who sought to maneuver himself around a barrier, and Leia - whose stark honesty was leaving him uncomfortable - that barrelled through it regardless. He reached down into the pocket of his pants, pulled a thin metal container out, and flipped it open. Eight untouched cigarettes lay in a row inside, along with a packet of matches. He paused, and rose his eyebrows at her, asking silently if she would take issue with his smoking. She waved her hand non-committally, and a cigarette was lit and between his lips in mere seconds. He held the metal container out to her in silent offer, and she rolled her eyes before shaking her head. He took that as a no, and closed it with a snap before putting it away. The entire thing had taken no more than a minute, but once he had the cigarette in his mouth and the smoke filling his lungs, he let the silence linger longer than it needed to. After all, she was beginning to ask far more dangerous questions. Finally, he broke the silence with a sigh. “You’ll have to be more specific, then. Are you asking if I’m hoping she’ll join the First Order?” “I’m asking if you care about her. And I’m done playing these little games, so mind your answer. I can have the boys take her off this planet and back to safety in seconds, if I think you’re lying to me. That girl doesn’t deserve to be manipulated, Hux. She’s been through enough.” When Leia laid down the threat to take Rey, Hux’s rigid posture transformed, lurching forward with both hands gripped hard against the sides of the seat. It was a movement that surprised only himself. “Don’t dare to lecture me on what Rey’s gone through. She isn’t going anywhere unless it’s her choice. You don’t get to decide for her, General. But if war truly is your ultimate goal, go on then. Take her.” The cigarette was brought up shakily to his lips, and his next words came out in an angry billow of smoke. “See exactly where your careless actions during this peace meeting will lead you and your men.” It wasn’t an answer, really. But when Leia leaned back and gave him a half-cocked smile, Hux realized it was more than he’d meant to give her, but at least it would be enough. “If you betray us. If you so much as kill a single Resistance fighter. You must know she’ll never forgive you.” Was Leia really banking on the belief that Hux’s affections for the girl would be enough to keep him legitimate? He almost didn’t believe it. He thought the General was smarter than this. No matter. He would take it. “I know.” He admitted, dropping back hard onto his chair wearily. “She’s almost as stubborn as your boy. And that is saying something.” A hard, heavy quiet fell over the moment, broken only by the soft exhales of Hux’s smoky breaths. He watched Leia’s expression transform through stages of anguish and melancholy, before finally landing on bittersweet concern. He wondered how, exactly, one woman could feel that much, for so many years of a long, long life, and still have the strength to lead a rebellion. “How is he?” She asked, breaking the silence with her whisper. “Do you really want me to answer that?” Hux countered, raising an eyebrow. She considered it, and the anguish looked like it was ready to tear her apart. In the end, she shook her head no, and asked another question instead. “Does he care about her, too?” Hux felt a fissure of shock run through him at the question. There was no reason for Leia to be wondering about Kylo’s feelings for Rey, because she’d never once seen them together. Rey had destroyed Kylo’s dark future, his pride, and almost killed him. Why would she ask such a thing? Either Leia’s strength in the force was stronger than even Kylo was aware of, or - “Hah.” Hux huffed out his next exhale of smoke in a sharp laugh, tinged with embarrassment. He should have known not to trust a location he hadn’t arrived at, first. “More than he’s ready to admit. In some ways, he’s an impressive, terrifying monster. In others, he’s still a child. I’ve rather had my fill of dealing with him, at this point. If he’d come here, I’d leave him behind and force you to take him back again. You’d be doing me a favor.” He spoke as if he didn’t know that she was well aware of Kylo’s ruse, but in his smile and the lightness of his eyes there was no real attempt at deceit. They were both well aware of the truth, even if they refused to speak of it. “You’re that willing to get rid of him, Admiral?” Leia’s voice had taken on a smooth, almost playful tone. “And here I thought he was a key asset to your collection.” She had him there, but he refused to admit it. He waved his cigarette bearing hand airily, and continued to deny his intentions. “He does more harm than good. My ship’s can’t handle another one of his tantrums. Take him, by all means.” Leia chuckled, and Hux saw the faintest hint of color tinting her cheeks. Despite how frivolous the conversation really was, he guessed that she was enjoying the idea of taking her son back, no matter the consequences. He was vaguely startled at Leia’s innate ability for compassion, and forgiveness, but he made no show of it. “I’m still unconvinced that we’re really on the same side, Hux.” Leia admitted through her pursed, charming little smile. Hux paused for a moment, observing it. Enjoying it. “If only there was some other way I could convince you that I’m worth a chance.” He murmured, leaning in to hold his hand out. “Not that I blame you. I just wish there was some way you could read my mind, and see my intent.” She looked at his open hand, and cocked a brow at it. “I’m no mind reader. You’re fresh out of luck.” Hux refused to pull his open hand away. Instead, his fingers curved, beckoning her to take it. Hesitantly, she put her hand in his, and he held it lightly against his palm. “Would throwing your son in a pod and hurling him off through space to your new base coordinates be enough to persuade you?” She laughed, then, and it was an honest, throaty thing. “If you tried to throw that boy in a pod, you’re the only one getting hurled through space. Sorry, son. No disrespect to you.” Hux grinned, toothy and serene. “None taken. A shame, though.” He looked down at the hand he was holding, pale porcelain and marred with age, and used his other hand to carefully pat the top of it gently. “An honest shame.” The sounds of hurried footsteps coming down the hallway just outside of their balcony had Hux standing, guessing that his companions had started something troublesome in his absence that would require their attention. He heard the distant rumblings of something on the other side of the building, and hoped quietly that Kylo hadn’t been discovered. “I suppose I’ll have to try harder at giving you a reason to trust us before we can get this partnership off of the ground. That is, unless you tell me now that I shouldn’t bother.” Leia regarded him with a long, penetrating look. She flickered a glance at the outfit he’d chosen to wear, and frowned. A poor choice, in her opinion. These were the emulations of men from her past that could never, ever be trusted. But at least it wasn’t black. “I’m not saying I trust you. Or that I ever can trust you.” She began, standing up to prepare to lead him out. “But I can say with all honesty that I’d like to.” That was as good of an answer as Hux could hope for, for the time being. He nodded his head in a formal nod, right before two men crossed the barrier leading into the balcony, shuffled quickly behind the Admiral, and pulled his arms hard until they folded behind his back. “General Hux, you are under arrest by the authority of the New Republic for the crimes of genocide, willful endangerment of civilians, intent to start a war, and unprovoked attack on an unarmed, neutral planet, among other crimes.” “Get your hands off of me.” Hux sneered, ignoring the insult of incorrect rank usage as he attempted to violently tug away from their vice-like grip. His cigarette dropped carelessly to the ground, and he narrowed his eyes at Leia, accusations ready to drip off the end of his tongue, when her flustered face gave him enough pause to realize that she might not have planned this all along. Well, it certainly felt like a trap. The question was, whose? “Who ordered this arrest?” Leia asked, keeping her voice as calm as was humanly possible despite the growing dread visible in her features. Her question forced the two Resistance soldiers to pause, sparing a glance between them before answering. “Admiral Statura, General. Once the Star Destroyers dropped into orbit, he ordered the three ambassadors from the First Order to be arrested at once. They’re going to be within firing distance any minute, and he wants hostages.” Leia’s eyes met Hux’s, whose colorless gaze went flat, and tense. He caught her look and shook his head, just once. “Not mine.” He informed her, confident that she’d understand what he meant. The men did not let him go despite his words, but Leia moved quickly to round the group. “Let the Admiral go. That’s an order. Where are the other two? Have they been successfully detained?” Both men seemed reluctant to follow General Organa’s orders. “We don’t know - we were just sent here to arrest the Gene-” “ Admiral. ” Even Leia was getting sick of it. “And I’ve just cancelled that order. I suggest you get your hands off of our guest, before I really start to lose my temper.” Their hands rose into the air, releasing Hux with a jolt and leaving their hands up in surrender. “Yes, General.” “Of course, General.” Their tunes had changed significantly to that of submission - and maybe a tiny bit of fear. Hux rubbed at his arms, and cast a long, appreciative glance at General Organa. He was starting to like her more than he’d ever imagined was possible. “Find the others. Get them released and have them sent to the monitoring station. I’ll meet you there.” She ordered, sending the men off without another word. She whirled on Hux, who froze in place at the look of determination in her expression. “If they’re not your Star Destroyers.” She muttered. “That would mean they are Snoke’s.” He finished, nodding sharply. “I did warn you about his continued presence in the briefing I sent you. I wouldn’t have suspected he’d show up here, however.” His eyes tightened around the edges as he thought of who else was on the planet with them. “I suspect his intentions are more sinister than a simple razing of a near-empty planet. We should find my companions immediately.” He could tell, just from looking at her, that Leia sensed the growing dread welling up inside of him. This was no trap, not for him, and not for the Resistance. This was something less grandiose, but no less crippling. She said nothing, and whirled in place to leave the balcony and head rapidly towards the small, temporary control room her men had been using to short range monitor their surroundings. Hux was close at her heels every step of the way. Whatever Snoke was planning, Hux knew, with all certainty, it had very little to do with him, or the Resistance, and everything to do with the two Force sensitive individuals he’d foolishly left alone. He trusted Kylo enough to keep Rey safe at hand, as long as he was still with her. And he would still be with her, if he had any decent common sense left in him. He turned his head, saw the white shine of armor barrelling full steam ahead towards him, and put his hands up to cover his face in dawning dismay as the truth of the matter hit him. There was only one definite in his entire, exhausting, troublesome life left to feel sure about. Kylo Ren was an absolute imbecile. Notes: um I have nothing interesting to say this time aaaa!!! This chapter was hard because lbr the past few days were really hard on all of us. But here you go, another nano-fueled update, and an important one to boot. I hope you enjoy it and I also hope you stay safe, all of you. Come send me asks on tumblr if you want, I love talking!! Chapter 35 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ”Where is she?” Admiral Hux rather thought he would be the one saying those words first. When the Stormtrooper practically collided with him and grabbed him by the shoulders to yell the question through a muffling helmet, he was proven wrong. His eyes widened for a split second as ice shocked through his veins, before he smacked the hands away and grabbed the armor in front of him. “I should be asking you that.” He hissed out, spitting vitriol with every word. “You were supposed to stay with her. Explain yourself. ” For a moment, the helmet tilted to look up at General Leia’s retreating form, but he answered before his pause could give Hux a reason to further enrage. “You were being arrested. We sensed it. Both of us. She was - with those two - she practically demanded I come save - .. you were being arrested, weren’t you?” Rey had sent Kylo away to try and save Hux, with no regard for her own personal safety. That left the traitor and the pilot at fault for her current lack of whereabouts, especially if Kylo was asking him where she was. There was only one reason why the man wouldn’t already know . “General.” They could hardly hear the voices from the control room they stood outside of, but Hux had fallen silent just long enough for them to catch wind of a technician calling Leia over. “There’s movement in the docking bay. One of the X-Wing’s is being powered up. It’s Dameron’s.” Hux felt his stomach sink with nausea. His eyes had lost their focus when he heard the technician talking, but they focused flinty and hard as they met the black visor of the helmet in front of him. “Go.” He whispered through clenched teeth. There was no pause between the purse of his lips as he completed the comment, and the swivel of the Stormtrooper, hurtling back towards the docking bay. Hux entered the command room, just in time to get Leia’s attention again. “How many Destroyers?” “Three, all of them Imperial-class. I thought you’d already fully upgraded.” She chuckled out darkly. “Snoke’s just giving up all of your dirty little secrets.” Hux offered her a thin-lipped smile. “They were mostly droid manned. Easier to take control of during an insurrection. Although technically I suppose I was the insurrection, wasn’t I? No matter. He was a fool to bring them here.” Hux’s smile turned into a wicked, curling grin. “He’s hardly a match for me, now.” Leia watched his expression turn into something akin to enjoyment, and he knew that she was staring at him with a smug, I told you so expression. In the end, she still believed him nothing more than a war-monger. His grin fell. “Have they set a target?” “The planet.” She informed him, even though the smugness never left her face. “They’re positioning themselves for a razing strike, but they haven’t fired yet. There’s been one attack - an explosion, 50 kilometers from our position. It was ground fire, no word yet on the cause. As far as we know, they don’t know our exact coordinates - they look like they’re planning on burning every inch down and hoping they don’t miss.” Whatever it was, Hux was sure it was most certainly a distraction. He tried not to think about how Snoke’s forces might have been fed the information on their location, or what the distraction was for. Instead, he tapped furiously into a holo-pad, sending off orders to every ship within light-speed distance. He hadn’t been allowed a single Destroyer to orbit the planet, and he regretted accepting that particular compromise, now. Still, three of his ships were already on their way, all of them Resurgent-class and armed to the teeth. They simply had to hold out, until then. “You say they haven’t fired, yet?” Hux murmured, his mind whirling with possibilities and dangers. “But they’re in formation.” The technician swiped his screen to the left, until it shimmered a larger holo-screen to life and blared the view of Snoke’s forces. In the distance, a fleet of Imperial-class Star Destroyers were consistently churning out countless numbers of TIE fighters, all of whom were barricading the planet with their sheer numbers until the view of space itself was being blocked out of all its stars. It was an impressive show of force - the likes of which Leia herself had never seen when it came to numbers - and she glanced up at the man beside her, wary about handing him any measure of control over the safety of her crew. “This is ridiculous.” She sighed out. “The Resistance isn’t even based here. There’s literally twelve of us on this planet. What is he trying to prove?” “Nothing.” Hux assured her, swiping the view of the sky off to the left and expanding the security camera feed for the docking bay. Sure enough, there was an X-Wing powering up, and a flustered pilot standing on the wing, behind the cockpit, trying to force his way inside. “He’s just trying to cut off all the heads of the hydra at once.” But even as he said it, Hux’s eyes narrowed in suspicion. If that really was Snoke’s plan, why hadn’t he fired yet? He’d have Hux, Kylo Ren, and every leader of the Resistance dead in one well placed shot. But his troops - as numerous as they were - were just sitting there. “We’ve contacted the nearby fleet. They’re ten minutes away, General.” Hux’s head snapped to glare, wide eyed, down at Leia. She nodded to her technician, and then caught Hux’s glare and furrowed her brow with confusion. “What?” “Please. Tell me you haven’t called the remnants of the New Republic fleet here to be annihilated.” He sounded like he was reprimanding a child. By the way Leia sneered back at him, she took great offense. “You think I’m going to let you take care of all of this? Do I look like a damsel in distress to you?” Hux bit his lip to keep from snapping a testy reply concerning her past right back in her face. “If what’s left of the New Republic fleet arrives to try and engage with this magnitude of First Order ships - and by some miracle does not get utterly eradicated - you do realize how this will look concerning the legitimacy of our possible peace treaty, do you not?” “I don’t give a damn what this looks like to anyone. I’m doing everything I can to get my people out of here safely. You worry about doing the same.” Hux couldn’t believe it, but he had to admit that Leia Organa did not have the same impatient, stubborn temper that her son possessed. She exceeded it. He’d never thought he’d miss trying to deal with Kylo Ren, until he’d had to work side by side against the man’s mother. He was left with very little options. Now, it was just a race against time - and he refused to accept defeat. The first few Star Destroyers under his command broke free of hyperspace mere seconds later, and he identified them quickly before sending off gruff commands to each ship to bear down on the barrier of TIE fighters covering the planet’s atmosphere. It was a slow process, and each hole punctured was just filled again with a new squadron of suicide TIE fighters. He knew Snoke’s forces would have to be depleted eventually, but there was no time to wait for that. He needed something faster. “Six minutes.” Hux growled under his breath, turning to attempt another call for reason in the woman. “You’re sending those men to their deaths for an unnecessary show of force. The moment they arrive they will fire on my forces and I will be forced to engage out of self-defense. Tell them to turn back.” Leia hadn’t expected that kind of an argument from him, and she held her tongue to keep from giving him another scathing reply. Still, she remained silent, and gave no further order. More of his own Star Destroyers had heeded his call. Ten. Twenty, now. The gaps were getting wider. His eyes remained on the General. “I can take care of this. Without the help of the New Republic. This isn’t a fight you need to win.” His voice had softened, quieter and more thoughtful. He reached out, and placed a light touch against her sleeve. She jolted away from it, and searched for answers in his uncomfortably earnest eyes. “Three minutes. General. The X-Wing is beginning it’s take-off sequence.” Both Leia, and Hux, turned all of their attentions to the grainy feed showing the rolling black X-Wing as it moved down the dock. The Stormtrooper burst through a doorway, hurled his helmet off of his head, and leapt with unnatural power onto the wing of the ship. “You want to see him again.” Hux whispered, barely audible. “Two minutes. I’m receiving word from the fleet, they’re asking for a report before they drop out of hyper space.” Leia’s eyes were fixated on that swath of black hair, hiding a face she desperately wanted to see. “Peace is the only chance you’ll ever have for that.” Hux’s gaze slid back to look at her, demanding her attention. “Call them off, General.” The stars were blotted out by Star Destroyers instead of TIE fighters, now. If Leia tried to count them all, she’d have lost track. She couldn’t even tell which ones were Snoke’s, anymore. For all she knew, they’d long gone. This was just a taste of Hux’s forces. The planet was fully surrounded by his power, safe and protected and unharmed. “General?” The room had gone very, very silent. “Admiral Celos is requesting-” “Rescind the request for assistance.” General Organa bit out, whirling around in place to point at the technician. “All of it. Tell them it was a false alarm. Weapons malfunction. I honestly don’t care what excuse you use, but get them to turn back around. They’re not needed, here.” “General?” “You heard me. That’s an order.” Hux’s ships were still continuing to burden the sky. With a flick of his finger, he sent off the command to cease any more arrivals, but those he’d already received were ordered to stay in place, locked in perfect formation, floating in deep orbit around the planet like a giant ring system. The TIE fighters had been so thoroughly disposed of, that the debris falling from orbit were nothing more than falling stars perpetually burning up in the sky. Leia whirled around to search the feed of the docking bay again, but the X-Wing was stalled on the runway, empty and abandoned. “Where did they go?” She asked, pulling Hux’s attention to it, as well. The sight of the X-Wing was a relief, but not enough to bring his guard down. “I couldn’t tell you.” He bit out, frustrated by the momentary distraction. “Let’s go find out, shall we?” Kylo had witnessed, experienced, and sometimes created the worst terrors imaginable. Despite all of that, the terror of absence felt in the threads of his bond with Rey was unquestionably the worst feeling he’d ever experienced, and it was his own terror to feel. No one else’s, just his, dwelling deep in the pit of his heart and reminding him that he’d failed, again, again, and again . He ran like a man possessed, his gun forgotten somewhere along the way and his armor clanking so hard against itself that it pinched and pulled on his skin in its creases. He followed the weaker pull of another mind, that of the ex-Stormtrooper desperately trying to figure out sequences on a control board to shut the X-Wing down remotely. The panic in Finn’s mind was increasing, and Kylo felt it tick upward like a timer, warning him of how little time he had left. He screeched through a turn and slammed through a doorway, suddenly exposed to the tail end of a rotating X-Wing. Finn was screaming at the controls as if that could convince them to work for him, and Poe was gripping the edges of his X-Wing’s cockpit glass and trying, desperately, not to slip off of it completely. Kylo wouldn’t be able to recall what happened next. There were seconds he lost, between his lurch of movement towards the X-Wing and his sudden arrival on the cockpit. He Force-pushed Poe to safety on the ground and slammed his fists into what had to be thick, laser-proof transparisteel, stubborn against his supernatural strength. Again and again he bashed, leaving spider webs against the breaking barrier and sparks of electricity from his hand with every punch. If he’d had his lightsaber - but there was no time to think of that now, as the viewport shattered and fell in showers all over Rey’s hair and shoulders. She didn’t even flinch. He reached in and snapped her seatbelt with a flick, tearing it apart with the hissing mess of his mechanical hand, until she was free and being pulled up to safety. She fought, suddenly. The woman hadn’t so much as blinked in reaction until she was being pulled away from where she was meant to be, and then she came to life and struggled with every fiber of her, scratching her limbs against the jagged edges of the glass. Kylo whispered a soft, unheard word against her hair, and brushed his hand across her vision. She went limp in his arms, allowing him to pick her up safely and pull away from the X-Wing. Without a pilot, it listed, slowly rolling to a stop and humming uselessly with power. “What HAPPENED?” Finn screamed up at them, before the sight of who was under that Stormtrooper armor froze him in mid-step and kept him locked with surprise. Poe surpassed him easily, storming over to try and check on Rey. “Is she all right?” Kylo refused to answer them, shouldering his way past Poe in an effort to leave without further inquiry. “HEY.” Poe yelled out, grabbing the Stormtrooper’s shoulder. Kylo swiveled at the impudent grab, glaring with unhinged anger at Poe - or through Poe - there was no real way to tell. Poe threw his hands up in the air when he got a look at those eyes, and the violent promises within. There was something terrifyingly familiar about the sense of silent rage seeping off of the man, but Poe couldn’t quite place it. “Relax, buddy, I just want to know if she’s okay.” “Poe.” Finn whispered through clenched teeth, but it got no response. “ Is she okay?” Poe repeated, his face scrunching up in suspicion. Poe still had no idea why Rey had just tried to hijack his X-Wing, or how the ‘trooper had just punched his way through that glass, but the dangerous sparks coming off of the obvious mechanical arm around Rey’s waist gave Poe some inkling of an idea. “Poe.” Finn hissed out, harder. Poe finally turned to look at him, eyes narrowing with annoyance. He held his hands up, waiting for Finn to explain himself, and missed the moment Kylo turned around again and walked out of the docking bay with Rey in his arms. ”What?” Poe hissed out in response. Finn waited, giving the Stormtrooper just enough time to leave, before letting out a breath and moving up to Poe’s side. “That - was Kylo Ren.” Poe looked about ready to deny the possibility, but the words never left his mouth. It made too much sense, even if it made no sense at all, and it chilled him to the bone to know that he was that close - that forceful - with the man who’d nearly killed him to get the information he needed. His hand wrapped around the gun at his holster out of sheer instinct. “And we’re just gonna let him have her this time? Or are we gonna do something about it?” Finn’s lips tightened as he struggled with the choice, before he finally shook his head. “This is what she wants. She’s - “ He almost gagged, - “She’s safe with him.” “That man almost killed you. He tried to kill me. He did kill an entire village of innocent people right in front of us. You remember all that, right? I’m not just dreaming this entire thing up?” Finn flinched as he thought of the night he’d let his friend’s life drain away in his arms, and he remembered it all too well. “Things are different, now.” He finally concluded, with great difficulty. “Don’t try to ask me why, ‘cause I got nothing. But things are different.” Finn’s eyes refused to break away from Poe’s searching gaze. He let the man dig deep, looking for exactly what could have changed Finn’s mind about a man who’d done unforgivable things. He looked, and he saw no forgiveness in Finn’s heart. He saw no sympathy, no love lost. All he saw was a sad, painful yielding. A respect for Rey’s decision, and a small, underwhelming spark of hope that there was always a chance for those who’d picked the wrong side, and done the wrong thing. Finn saw a little of himself in Kylo Ren, Poe realized. He shouldn’t. “Let’s go find General Organa.” Poe muttered, putting both of his hands on Finn’s shoulders and patting him gently. Finn’s hands shot up to keep them from moving, and Poe paused to furrow his eyebrows in confusion at the gesture. “What’s wrong?” It was too quick for Poe to prepare for, but he never opposed to being hugged, and especially not when it came from Finn. The ex-Stormtrooper had yanked him forward, slamming hard into him in a vicious, almost desperate hug. When Poe regained his senses, he wrapped his arms around Finn’s middle and returned the favor with a gentle supporting stroke against Finn’s back. “Hey. Hey. It’s all right, buddy.” Poe murmured, but his words did not loosen the grip Finn had on him. He waited for Finn to speak, and when it came, it was in a tight, painful whisper. “You believed in me.” Finn’s voice was scratchy, hoarse with emotion. He’d never forgotten the way Poe had taken his word without ever doubting that he, a Stormtrooper, really did just want out. He had no reason. No proof to verify his claim. It could have all been a trick, but Poe had followed along blindly. “I never got a chance to thank you for that.” Finn huffed out in a shaky exhale. “For saving me.” In his mind, he left off the words he couldn’t bear to say out loud. In more ways than one. “Yeah, that was pretty reckless of me.” Poe whispered against Finn’s shoulder, chuckling with amusement. “Good thing you were worth it.” Finn pulled away and grinned sheepishly, unable to bear looking Poe in the eye now as he nudged the man’s shoulder with a fist. His skin had gone dark and flushed with embarrassment, and Poe put a hand against one cheek to feel the heat that flooded there. It stayed too long, hiding the slow ease of Finn’s grin on his face as it faded. Poe sensed the confusion from Finn far too late, and laughed breathlessly as he patted the cheek and pushed his face away. “Done feeling sorry for yourself? Let’s go do our jobs.” “ Hey. ” Finn sprung back from the awkward, heart fluttering feeling that had settled in him and fell back easily into annoyance. “I’m not feeling sorry for myself. I genuinely appreciated that, you know. Remind me not to thank you ever again.” Poe wrapped his arm easily around Finn’s shoulders and led him out of the docking bay. “Hey, Finn?” “Yeah?” “Remember to thank me a lot from now on.” “ Man ,” Finn drawled, shoving a laughing Poe off of his shoulders and through the door. When Rey woke up, it was to pitch black darkness. She couldn’t see anything, but she could feel that she was balled up, confined tightly against something hard and warm. She was rocking back and forth, against her own will. Any sound she heard was muffled, but she could have sworn she was catching a whisper. She craned her neck, aching to hear it better. The rocking stopped, and light broke hard in segments against her eyes, blinding her from being able to see for a few seconds. She blinked and squinted until she could decipher that the dark prison she’d been captured in was Kylo’s entire body, curled up around her on the floor. His Stormtrooper armor was gone, leaving him in nothing but the black bodysuit and white gloves. Her movement had stilled him, and forced him to uncurl enough to check on her. He said nothing. He just watched her, mute and hesitant as if trying to figure her out. When the seconds wore by and he still refused to explain himself, she reached up and put her hand on his jawline, touching his skin with delicate fingers. The touch had him exhaling a held back sigh, relaxing his entire body until it no longer felt like rigid stone against hers. A loud popping right behind her jolted her in surprise, and she turned her head to discover that the cause was Kylo’s malfunctioning mechanical hand, hissing and sparking with damage. Her eyes grew wide. “What happened to your hand?” She asked, in a voice soft enough to make Kylo’s head spin. He rested his forehead down on the back of her skull, and breathed a single laugh through his lips before responding. “It doesn’t matter.” “Of course it matters.” Rey scoffed stubbornly. “Get me a toolkit. I’m not familiar with this technology but it can’t be that terribly different than a droid.” She was focusing too hard on what little of the situation she could control, and successfully ignoring all that she couldn’t. But finally, when she tried to turn her head to look at him and only managed an inch before she stopped from disturbing his position, it was beginning to sink in. “Why are we on the floor?” She whispered. “Where’s your armor? Where’s - where’s Finn? And Poe and Hux - “ She sucked in a gasp when she remembered the last thing she could. This time, she let his head fall as she swiveled around to look at him. “Hux! Did you get to him? Is he all right?” Kylo’s eyes were too big, too wet to mean anything good. The more she looked at him, studying the emotion in his expression and letting her imagination run wild, the further her dread would pool in the well of her stomach. She grit her teeth and pleaded silently up at him for answers, but there was no preparing for what she’d received instead. “I am never,” Kylo whispered, putting his real hand on her chin and pulling her up to meet him. “Ever,” His forehead touched hers and her eyes went fuzzy, unable to focus on any one part of his face. “Ever letting you out of my sight again.” She felt his words, whispered so quietly they were more impactful as breath against her own lips than they were as sounds. She’d stopped breathing, but she didn’t know why. This was foreign, frightening territory for her. She’d never seen Kylo this manic before, and it scared her more than it should have. She knew her own rising anxiety would only make whatever was affecting him in that moment a thousand times worse. “Kylo.” She mouthed out, unable to catch her breath long enough to speak it. His grip against her chin tightened, hard enough to bruise. “I’m sorry.” He shuddered out, trembling. “I’m sorry. I won’t - let this happen again. I’m sorry.” She reached up to pull his hand away from her chin, rubbing the skin he’d been gripping with her fingertips. Something had happened - something terrible, and yet here they were, both of them, safe. Just them. Just them. “Please.” She begged, pressing harder against his forehead. “Tell me everyone else is safe.” Kylo’s eyes closed, and he huffed out a ragged laugh of disbelief. “Still so determined to be selfless.” He cursed under his breath and wrapped his arms around her, pulling her against him until he could feel her cheek pressed against his neck. Here, where he didn’t have to look into her eyes, but still knew she was safe, he could find some semblance of sanity. He’d lost so much of it to her already. “Everyone is fine.” He muttered into her hair, and felt her entire body sag against him in relief. “There was an attack by Snoke, but we outmatch him easily. It was just a ploy. A distraction.” She turned rigid in his arms again, and pushed herself away. The words were already falling from her lips, but based on context alone, Rey suspected she already knew the answer. “A distraction for what.” Kylo met her eyes again, and she could see the exact moment when his despair began to get the better of him. His hand was trembling against her, and he lurched forward to press his lips firmly against her forehead. His kiss was wet, and persistent, and she realized with a start that it made her feel so much better. If he could just do that, over and over again, Rey thought that any problem would feel solvable in time. “I won’t let him have you.” He promised with those wet lips against her forehead, wrapping his arms around her once more until she was crushed into the little ball he’d been protecting her in before. “I promise.” She should be worried. She should be terrified. Snoke had made another play to take her, and she couldn’t even remember any of it this time. Her life was no longer in her own hands, and she knew that she could lose to Snoke at any moment, in the blink of an eye. Kylo kissed her forehead again, and left his lips there for far longer than made sense, until even the threat of Snoke seemed distant, and petty, and resolvable. Everything would be fine, if they could just stay here, like this, for a little while longer. She was sure of it. She felt his heartbeat slowing, and knew that he was enjoying the benefits of the peace he could bring her, too. “I’m all right now.” She told him. “Aren’t I? If everyone else is, too, then you need to let me see to your hand.” She thought about reaching for it, but never actually moved. Too comfortable. “What broke it?” “An X-Wing.” That shook her out of the daze she’d been wrapped in, and she pulled back to stare at him, eyes blown wide with shock. “You were hit . In the hand . By an X-Wing !?” “Technically,” He growled out, biting his lip with amusement. “I hit the X-Wing. You were in it. I had to get you out.” She felt all the comfort bleed out of her in slow stages, as though the blood in her veins was being siphoned away and replaced with something cold, and sluggish. She didn’t remember that. She didn’t remember anything about what had happened. “I’m never going to be safe again,” She hushed out in a shudder. “Am I?” A flash of panic passed through Kylo’s expression and she knew there was no way for him to secure her safety without taking terrible, drastic measures. “Yes you will.” He promised her, bending in to bury his face into her hair. “I won’t rest until you are. I told you. I promise.” She didn’t want to doubt his fervent promises, but she saw no way that he could keep them, and her pragmatic nature was too strong to be permanently dissuaded by the feel of his lips against her forehead. She had to find some way to keep Snoke out. To save herself. There were very few things Rey considered as her own, in her life - but her mind, her body, her very sense of self would always top that list. No one was allowed to steal that away from her. Not Snoke, not the First Order, not the Resistance, not any single person or giant entity. Not ever. It enraged her, to know that this creature sought to take this one, most important thing from her. It was unforgivable. And she wouldn’t give up until she found a way to stop him. “We’ll practice.” Kylo was plucking her thoughts out like holofilms, but where Rey was filling with determination, he was still trapped in self-loathing. “There are more advanced methods of blocking. And detection of his presence to warn you, that’s most important. You have to be able to sense the absence before he gains any power.” It all sounded fine, but Kylo was still locked in a state of near-panic, which gave Rey little hope for his efforts. Still, she took heart in what he had to offer, and nodded fervently. “We’ll work non-stop. Until you feel secure, I will not falter.” She would never feel secure again. “I know, Kylo.” She lied, offering him a weak, shoddy facsimile of her smile. “Now, can we take care of your hand?” She was still fussing with his own needs, predictably selfless and stubborn throughout. He snorted his next breath out and uncurled himself from around her, just in time to hear the doors hiss open and watch a veritable parade of worried people walk in. He’d taken her to the meeting room, when he’d stolen her away, and hadn’t moved much more than to take off his armor and form his own physical protective shell. Now, the room filled again, with the General and the Admiral at its lead. Hux was down on his knees in a heartbeat, pants be damned as he skidded to take hold of Rey and check her thoroughly for injury. She said nothing, just sat limp as he searched, and Kylo did the same when the Admiral’s nimble hands turned to him and grabbed his sparking hand. Hux glared at the damage, unnecessarily angry to see the fingers frozen in a tight fisted curl. He looked up at Kylo, met his eyes, and tried harder than ever to keep a hold of that anger as he berated him. “Do you know how expensive this is?” He muttered, his voice breaking just once in the middle and shuddering within the inhale. “Will I ever be free of your damage costs?” Rey had never once heard emotion in Hux’s voice when he didn’t want it there. He was wide eyed, glaring up at Kylo so intently she could feel the tension as it built between them. He wasn’t angry. He wasn’t even annoyed. Hux was genuinely, overwhelmingly grateful. And for some reason, this scared Rey more than ever. Because there could only be one reason for such an emotional outburst from the Admiral - so small and difficult to catch if it were anyone else but him. But it was him. This was Hux, whose lips trembled as he bore down on the man that had saved Rey and looked as though he wanted nothing more than to curl up in the crook of Kylo’s other arm and remain there for good. She wondered if that was exactly what he would have done, had Leia and the boys not been in the room at that very moment. Instead, Hux placed one gentle, trembling hand on Kylo’s shoulder, and hoped it was enough. “The threat has been neutralized.” Hux assured them, in a crisp voice that attempted to regain what little composure he could scrape back up from the floor. “We’re out of danger, for now. Though I think it best we return to base before Snoke concocts another plan for this undeserving planet. Wouldn’t you agree, General Organa?” Hux’s careful reminder that Kylo’s mother was standing mere feet away from the man had every muscle in Kylo’s body tensing with anxiety. Rey felt it all tighten beneath her, turning the planes she rested on hard and unyielding. She, and Hux, both turned to look up at the General and found genuine heartbreak evident in her expression. Her hands both rested over her mouth, covering it. And her eyes, unsurprisingly, were locked on the sight of her fully grown son. Was she cataloguing everything that had changed? Did she think his hair looked different? Did she wonder over the scar Rey had slashed across his face? Rey wanted to know, desperately curious of how a mother would react to seeing her son after so long; but she knew that Leia would feel any intrusion, and kept her curiosity at bay. But oh, the things she imagined were going through Leia’s head. She wondered what was most important. Would she be happy he was healthy? Would she be dismayed at his hard appearance? Did she want to hug him, right now? Would she ever want to hug him again? Rey wanted to know what would be most important to a parent. She wanted to butt in on the heavy, charged silence and blurt out the question. Her brow furrowed deeply, and she turned away to bury her head back in Kylo’s shoulder. “Not really.” Leia’s coarse, gravelly voice uttered. She sounded tense - like she was fighting something back. “He’s not stupid enough to come back that quickly. You could - stay. A little while longer.” Kylo had yet to move, but as Hux responded to Leia’s offer with a breathy chuckle, he finally tilted his head just enough to be facing her general direction. Still, his eyes stayed on the ground. “We’re leaving.” If the emotional state of a heart was a physical thing, Rey would have sworn she’d just heard Leia’s shattering on the ground. “Ben.” Now, his eyes lifted to meet her. Now, his glare fell full force on his mother, wide and manic and violent. His lips parted, but the scream died in his throat. Two hands had gripped him, on either side of his body. Two separate people were holding him, keeping him still. He shut his mouth and breathed angry breaths through his flared nostrils, until they, too, began to calm down. “We have yet more work to be done together.” Hux spoke for them once more, the priceless delegate of their broken threesome. “We do, don’t we?” He did not clarify who, or what he was talking about. Hux’s eyes just leveled on Leia, waiting for her to tear away from her son in order to see his patient expectations. She’d been largely pessimistic, before Snoke’s attack had forged them into an unlikely alliance. He waited to see if the advent of a common enemy had changed those opinions. When she finally dared to look at him, she nodded. “Your choice, next time.” She admitted. “If Snoke knew we were here, chances are I have a spy problem to root out. Just don’t get cocky about it.” Hux’s smile was thin, but pleased. He remained silent - because there was no way he was going to promise such a thing. “Yeah, I’m real glad we’re friends and all,” Poe piped up suddenly, startling even Rey to lift her head and look at him. “But I’d still like some clarification on why Kylo Ren was in a Stormtrooper suit cracking holes in my X-Wing.” Hux had already begun to stand, dusting his knees off carefully until he was satisfied with the result. He held his hand down for Rey to take it, and pulled her up to her feet. “Some questions are best left unanswered, boy.” ”Boy?” Poe was already moving forward when Finn set his hand firm against his chest, keeping him in place. There was no love lost for Hux, but getting into a fight with him now was probably the worst possible timing he could imagine. Still tempting, though. Kylo was next to stand, setting an arm firm around Rey’s waist from behind and using her as a shoddy, too-short shield between him and his mother. General Organa sighed at the obvious avoidance, and lifted her arms up to offer Rey a farewell hug, instead. The girl slipped out of Kylo’s possessive hold by dipping down through it, and launched herself into Leia’s arms before he had any further say in the matter. “I’m glad to have met you. I want to see much more of you in the future, even if it does come at the hands of all this dirty business.” Rey grinned, her smile breaching the foul mood of the two men behind General Organa as they witnessed it. “I promise,” Rey whispered, a fierce determination burning through every word. Leia closed her eyes, smiling as the ferocity of the young woman in her arms warmed the very air around her. She bent in, placing her lips against Rey’s ear, and breathed out an almost unheard request. “Take care of him.” Before Rey could react, Leia untangled her from her arms and turned her around, sending her back to her two companions. This forced Rey to look up at Kylo directly, and wonder if she was really the right kind of person to be asked for something as daunting and nigh-impossible as that. He collected her instantly, and quirked his brow in a silent question as he read the confusion on her face. She shook her head and forced the thought down deep, where he couldn’t possibly find it. That question was best left secret, for her to reflect on and puzzle out on her own. Leaving was a comically drawn out affair. Rey couldn’t tear herself away from Poe and Finn, alternating between giving them hugs and promising them she’d be back soon. Every time Kylo was sure she’d finally said her last farewell, one of them would chime in with some distracting comment that had them all roused in discussion again. Hux had already given up on waiting for her, and headed into his ship with Bean to begin launch preparations. But Kylo waited, re-clad in his Stormtrooper armor sans helmet, and looming at the edge of the ramp like a long, impatient shadow. “And remember,” Rey pointed right at Finn’s face. “You promised you’d talk to Bean. I’m bringing him back the next time I’m here, and I won’t forget.” Finn’s hands were up in the air, feigning innocence. “Never thought you would.” She grinned, flinging herself at him for another hard hug around his neck. It was longer, but the moment she pulled away from it she turned to run for the ramp, tearing herself away from them quickly like ripping off a bandage. It was the only way she could find the courage, the strength to get back in that ship. She stopped at the ramp, and turned, waving both hands in farewell. She was going to miss them. She already missed them. It ached, like a hole collapsing where her heart should be. Her hands fell to her sides, and the bright smile on her face faded. Gently, fingers slid against the back of hers, until they slid around to caress the palm as it wrapped around her hand. Kylo’s comfort was awkward, but sincere; and she knew that his heart was feeling the loss of a friendship that wasn’t his to feel. She turned up to look at him, and her suspicions were confirmed by the flash of hurt in his eyes. She squeezed his hand, and tugged it up towards the ramp as she went inside. Bean was standing at his post just behind her seat in the cockpit when she entered, but as soon as the ship closed behind them, he began to back away. The shocking news that his fellow ‘trooper was actually Kylo Ren had already been broken when he’d first arrived at the ship to see it, and after a plethora of barely accepted apologies, he’d made it his new goal to keep his distance. As Rey took her seat in the cockpit, Bean edged his way as far from his post as possible, moving to stand in the rear quarters so he was completely out of sight. He couldn’t stop thinking about the peach. The peach . He’d offered Kylo Ren a peach. The cockpit was left to the three of them, giving Rey a sudden sense of deja vu that reminded her of the first time she’d flown with the two men. She strapped herself in and turned her head to peer back at Kylo from over the top of her seat, where he stood behind her in his armor. She remembered the feeling of dread that hadn’t quite spoiled that moment, back when they’d escaped together. She’d been scared, then. She was terrified, now. He caught her eye and dropped his hand to the top of her head, brushing his fingers against the side of her temple and the loose strands of her hair. She turned back around to rest her head against the seat cushion, and closed her eyes helplessly. She’d never have guessed Kylo Ren would ever be the one comforting her in times of jeopardy. But there he was; and furthermore, he was very, very good at it. She sank into the cushions, and felt the muscles of her shoulders slowly relax. Their take-off was so smooth, and silent, that she hadn’t even noticed they were in hyperspace until the sound of Hux’s voice caught her by surprise. “I meant to thank you properly.” There was a heavy scratch to the sound of it, where something emotional was clawing its way out and he struggled to keep it under control. “For saving her.” “Yes?” She heard the low vibrations of Kylo’s voice behind her, but his hands never stopped stroking her hair. The emotion was gone from Hux’s voice when he responded to the goad, and the tight sharpness she’d grown familiar with had returned. “Well. Thank you.” “That’s really all I get?” Rey bit her lip, but her eyes stayed closed, and she stayed very still. She was almost as comforted by the sound of Kylo trying to frustrate Hux as she was with the feel of hands against her hair, so she settled in, waiting for the inevitable barbed return. She heard a click instead. A shuffle of cloth. Movement beside her. No words. Just sounds. And a muffled, surprised inhale. Her eyes finally opened, and she turned, curious to see what had happened. When it registered in her mind that Hux had Kylo’s shirt fisted in his hands and Kylo’s lips pressed flat against his own, Rey’s mind shorted out. Hux was kissing him. Really, really kissing him. And she was just sitting there, watching, with Kylo’s hand frozen against her head. Hux’s lips parted and his tongue slid between the plush of Kylo’s lips, forcing his way in. It seemed almost unrealistically obscene, and for a split second, Rey feared this was another one of Snoke’s tricks. Then Hux pulled away, flush and out of breath and terribly proud of himself, with his eyes still closed and a pleased little smile parting his reddened lips. He dipped back in, and caught Kylo’s lower lip between his teeth, tugging it away before he breathed out any words. ”Thank you.” “Uh.” She had no idea what was going on, or how long whatever this was might have been going on, but she most certainly felt as though she shouldn’t have been there to witness it. The sound of her voice seemed to travel straight up Hux’s spine, turning him rigid as though she’d electrified him into stillness. She wondered at his reaction - could he really be that surprised? Did he think she had been sleeping? Her skin flushed with embarrassment, feeling much like a child caught out of bed. It was only a moment before Hux collected himself, and released Kylo’s shirt from his hold. He took a step back, sucked in a tightly drawn breath, and then turned bold eyes down to regard Rey curiously. “What?” Hux muttered, straightening his jacket and returning to his seat. “I said I was grateful.” He slid his hands into his pocket and pulled out a cigarette, haphazardly lighting it and shoving it between his lips as quickly as he possibly could. Rey was still staring straight at him, and Kylo hadn’t recovered from his thank you to be of any help. So Hux looked her in the eye again, ignoring the painful beating of his too-fast heartbeat, and rose both of his eyebrows as he breathed out a gust of smoke. “You wouldn’t happen to have done anything deserving of my gratitude lately, have you Rey?” It was the perfect weapon. His question made Rey stop staring and blush a deep, flushed red, as she squirmed back into her seat and let out a long string of awkwardly high-pitched giggles. She wasn’t going to press the issue, now. At least, for a little while. Hux took one long, shaky drag, but just as he exhaled the cigarette was ripped out of his hands and stolen by the man in the Stormtrooper suit still recovering from being kissed behind him. Kylo breathed in too hard, took his first drag of the cigarette, and - predictably - began an entirely unattractive set of coughing fits, one after the other. His failure had both Rey and Hux bursting with laughter, and it reminded Rey of the first time she attempted to try a cigarette. Hux’s cigarette, in fact. Hux certainly seemed to have an alarming knack for exposing her - and maybe Kylo - to fresh new experiences in their life. Notes: Ayyy! Still going strong with nano fuel. I'm going to be taking a small break after this to write a reylux exchange fic for tropesgiving, so the next update is going to come a few days later than my current november standard (I think so far it's been a chapter every 3-4 days? I dunno for sure but there'll be a little bit more of a break after this one!) Don't worry though, we're still running full steam ahead. Hope you guys enjoy this chapter, it feels pretty heavy and got a lot of shit going on. COUGHSTORMPILOTCOUGH And, you know, Hux making his move I guess. WHATEVER NO BIG DEAL NOT LIKE WE've WAITED 35 CHAPTERS OR ANYTHING- to those of you still reading and commenting, thank you SO, SO MUCH. Churning this stuff out especially during nano is a real struggle and just seeing that you guys are still enjoying whatever the hell I've got going on here is so inspiring and makes me feel so good. I really love sharing this story with you guys. It means so much to me. GOOD LUCK TO EVERYONE ELSE DOING NANO, AND MAKE SURE YOU SEE FANTASTIC BEASTS THIS WEEKEND, I WILL BE!!! WOOOOOOOOOO HUFFLEPUFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF Chapter 36 Notes: i need like 50 goddamn naps (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “You kissed him.” This had been going on for the last few minutes, to no avail. “Tell me of what importance it is to discuss that fact, and perhaps you’ll get more out of me than you already have.” Hux breathed out, working on his fifth cigarette since their trip began. He’d lit them up in a row, using one to light the next, and his fifth was beginning to near its grisly end when Rey had started prodding him anew with her curiosity. Even his blatant attempts to offer her the same favor did not seem to sway her, anymore. Kylo had already left the cockpit, choosing to stand with Bean and his awkward apologies rather than listen to Rey needle Hux for explanations. This left Hux alone to deal with Rey’s indomitable curiosity, of which he had so far only managed to fuel with thin-lipped tightness. “My sanity , for one.” She shot back at him. “I have to live with the two of you, in close quarters and with almost no reprieve, for an undetermined period of time. What’s more, after today’s little stunt by Snoke you can be sure Kylo’s even more adamant about keeping me around. Which means if you two are - you know.” He rose an eyebrow. “ You know. ” She repeated, blushing heavily as she glared at him. “I won’t say it. I know you know exactly what I’m talking about. You don’t fool me for a minute.” He wanted to beg to differ on that last point, but kept his mouth sharply shut. “If I truly believed you were asking because you were worried that any carnal relations with Kylo Ren would disturb your sense of comfort, I would relinquish this argument and give you all I know. However, since I don’t believe that, and I do believe you’re just a nosy little troublemaker, I suggest you let it go. I don’t plan on discussing it with you.” Rey went silent, for a moment. If he didn’t know any better, he might have thought she was considering leaving the topic alone. He knew better. “Do you like him?” Hux’s body betrayed him in ways his finely schooled expression never could, as the color ran high on his immobile cheeks. He stared out of the viewport, focusing too intensely on the constant drone of blue flashing past them from deep within hyperspace. “Don’t be absurd.” Rey sounded far too pleased when she shifted closer, turning her legs in his direction despite the awkwardness of sitting all over the middle console of controls. “You do like him. Admit it. Oh, please do. I won’t be petty. I promise!” Hux’s hand leaned over to wrap around Rey’s legs, lifting them off of the console and gently swiveling them back into her seat. He did so without looking, straightening up once he was sure she wasn’t about to accidentally overload an engine. “You’re charming in your naivete, my sweet girl.” He murmured, his lips threatening to lift in a smile. “There are so many different forms of attraction in this world. If you took all of the ones that you could imagine, none of them would fit the purposes of this conversation. So no, I do not like him. In fact, there are times when I’m sure I hate him.” He finally turned to look at her, twisting his expression in wry amusement. “If I even had the capacity to like someone, in any form of the word, the honor of that would arguably go to you.” Rey hadn’t quite lost the blush she’d been kissed with earlier, but meeting her gaze and telling her such bold statements brought all the color back into her face, until she covered her cheeks with her hands and willed the warmth away. “You’re just trying to get me to stop asking again.” She accused, tearing her eyes away and frowning. “It won’t work. I want to know what’s going on between you two. I would - appreciate a straight answer.” She was trying, however badly, to find his favor again. Politeness went a long way with Hux, and she knew that more than anyone. His weakness was her gentle will, not her stubbornness. It was a weakness he was happily exploiting when it came to working with the Resistance, but found himself affected by, now. His smile disappeared. “Nothing has happened.” Hux answered, hedging his words carefully. “This is not to say there was not due cause for attraction. A war is just not the best breeding ground for emotional entanglement, you see. The reason why I give you nothing is because there is nothing to give, save for what you’ve seen. And for the record, no. I do not like him.” He’d gotten so far without lying, until the very end. Giving her his honest answer had left him feeling too exposed, and he couldn’t help himself. After all, even he believed there was no love lost between himself and the Commander. Only lust. “You’re a very good liar.” Rey’s voice had gone soft, but in that softness she wielded a power that was cutting straight to his very core. “But I think not this time.” He fell silent, glaring hatefully out at the hazy reflection of his own face in the viewport glass. He argued that Rey simply did not know him as well as she thought she did. That she did not understand him. That she had no idea who she was dealing with. These arguments were kept in his own mind, where they could help him most. He jolted with surprise at the feel of soft fingers brushing too lightly against the top of his hand. She was reaching for it, winding her grasp around his fingers until she captured it in her smaller grip, and pulled it towards her. Their hands hung in the space between the two, over consoles blinking red and blue hues against their skin. “Well, for the record,” She told him, breaking the silence with what sounded like a trembling amusement. “ I like you.” He turned his hard gaze to meet hers, both eyebrows raising in expectation. He would not let her get away with that, after what she’d just put him through. “You like me, do you?” He needled, throwing her childish phrasings back in her face with an unattractive relish. He expected frustration in return, at the very least. Instead, she bit her lower lip between her teeth, and he sorely regretted ever making the joke. It flooded him, turning his blood cold and pounding his head with warning. He’d been joking . Of course she didn’t- “I don’t know what that feels like.” She whispered out, clenching the hold she’d captured his hand with. “So it’s hard to say. It’s hard to say how I feel about anything, anymore.” Rey had never been more vulnerable than she was in that one crystalline moment of clarity, where the exploration of emotions that did not come naturally to her could have been exploited with gentle, caressing ease. He could bond her to him, with a gentle touch and a comforting word. He could have convinced her of anything he wanted, in that moment. She was ripe, waiting to be harvested. He recoiled with disgust, bringing his cigarette to his lips and taking a shaky drag before pulling his other hand up to his lips and taking hers with it. He pressed a sharp kiss against the back of her palm, and then let it drop again. When he did, his fingers released her, fully expecting her to do the same. Instead, she hung them there, still clinging. With aching hesitance, he curled his fingers back up around her hand again, one at a time. “You’re young.” He assured her. “You’ll soon find that none of us are entirely sure what we’re feeling at any one time, no matter how capable or experienced we are. As terrifying as that truth may be, take heart in knowing you’re not alone.” It was the closest he could manage to admitting that he, a man of great lascivious history, had no practical understanding of the concept behind attraction based on emotion, instead of desire. He found himself in unfamiliar territory. It disoriented him, put him off to it. He wanted nothing more than to dissect every infuriating thrill and pain and yearning, to understand it until he’d mastered it’s every form and function. He needed to understand it, just as she needed to understand herself. He needed a teacher. He snuffed his cigarette on the tiny ashtray peeking out from the side of his console, then relinquished her hand and set it back against her knee, patting it before nudging his chin in the direction of the back end. “Get me the oaf. The very least I can do for you is have a proper discussion with him concerning how to best not disturb you with any further licentiousness in or near your presence. I promise nothing.” His lips tightened to hold back the smile when Rey’s cheeks darkened again. “But I will do my best.” She crawled out of the seat, pausing just beside him and hesitating before wrapping her arms around his neck from behind. She hugged him, careful not to jostle him too much as she did so, and muttered something stubbornly against his cheek. “I do like you, you know. Very much in fact. I just don’t know if I - “ Now that his hands were free, he could reach up and press one against her mouth, stifling her awkward confession. He let his hand stay there, pinning her down with a knowing gaze, before finally releasing her mouth and patting her cheek instead. “You would do well to let me kiss you and get it over with.” He told her. She shook her head, and crunched up her nose with regret. “That didn’t work out so well for me the last time I tried it.” He knew the event to which she was referring to, but made no mention of it. The gentle trill of jealousy over Finn’s kiss was almost non-existent, now. “How sensibly prudent of you, Rey. I could almost say I was proud.” He was, but only a little. In truth, he was mostly just disappointed. He nudged his head in Kylo’s direction. “Go.” He ordered, moving very little as she slid her arms away. He was left with a spare few moments of privacy, and in the silence he found himself more contemplative than ever. He’d become very fond of the girl; this he thought he could admit to himself safely. He was protective over her to a fault, and there were even times when he found himself making decisions that had no ulterior motive other than simply making sure she was happy. Those were the strangest, most unique moments of all. It was better to admit his faults now, and accept their place in his world, than to continue to ignore them and find excuses for his behavior. He cared for the girl, as much as he had the ability to care for anyone. The revelation would have disgusted him, not so long ago. Now, he’d sought to find a place for these emotions, devoted solely to a single solitary outlier, and could easily settle them there to be handled at the appropriate time and place. Except that she was not an outlier, and these emotions were not solely dedicated to her. In fact, if he’d really sought to be sincere with himself, the issue of feeling more than safe desire had arisen first with Ren, lying prone in a pool of his own blood cooling against the snow. He knew that to be the first moment where he’d diverged from what had otherwise been a very successful operating strategy. He’d been ordered to save Ren. He understood the importance of the Force user in the grand scheme of the First Order. There were good, solid reasons why it had felt so significant to get Ren on that shuttle and patched up as quickly as possible. But only now could he acknowledge that there was another, unacceptable reason urging him forward. It was simply this; Ren did not deserve to die. He thought Ren deserved a lot of things, but he’d already decided that was not one of them. So he’d cared for the well being of a man whose existence had brought ruin and defeat to everything Hux had once held in such high regard, and yet there he was, standing in the snow, saving his life. Kylo slid into the passengers seat and reached back immediately, tugging on a crank until the seat accommodated his long, bulky form. The sound of it jarred Hux out of his contemplation, and he furrowed his brows as he regarded the man in the Stormtrooper suit beside him. He felt nothing of the normal, healthy urges to which his body desired when Kylo was around. He stared at the man and felt a sense of companionship, of belonging. He supposed Rey’s innocent phrasing was a more efficient indicator of the unwelcome longing that made him settle his hand on Kylo’s knee, and let it remain there, like an anchor. Admitting she was right was easier than the alternative. Despite how crude and infantile it sounded, he thought he did, in fact, like Kylo Ren. And wasn’t that just a shame? Kylo could see that Hux was struggling with something, so he held back the inevitable barb sure to fall from his lips, and placed his large hand on top of the one set on his knee. This was a difficult time for them all, but Hux knew that the troubles brewing within Kylo Ren were only compounded by the conflict stirring within himself, and that of the girl out of sight. Kylo felt everything, and everyone, simultaneously. Perhaps that was why he was so much better at admitting when he’d become emotionally engaged with another person. Hux refused to feel his own emotions; he couldn’t bear to imagine the idea of feeling those of others around him, as well. “I had the most fascinating conversation with our sweet Rey, just a moment ago.” Hux finally rumbled out, his voice sounding obscenely scratchy to his own ears. “Would you like to hear about it?” Kylo did not answer immediately. Hux saw a clear, readable conflict in his eyes; he was warring between truth, and politeness. In the end, truth won. “I heard the whole thing.” He admitted, leaving Hux to wonder if he’d actually just heard it, or felt it as well. He preferred the former to the latter, but refused to put himself in a position of that much exposure in order to answer. “Scoundrel.” Hux tutted at him playfully. “Then you know it’s in her best interests to keep any future engagements between us to a minimum while in her vicinity. She’s in no state of mind to be confused by our whims.” Kylo’s fingers slid just underneath the ones resting on his knee, slowly pulling them up to intertwine with his own. When Hux met his eyes, there was a dark, brooding mischief there. This was the Ren he’d been used to. “But I like your whims.” He growled out, more animal than human in his voice. “Be that as it may, the last time you gave in to your whims concerning me, she almost left. And I wasn’t even with you that time. Our first priority must be to keeping her comfortable.” The conflict was back in Kylo’s eyes, but this time Hux couldn’t read the reasons within. He settled for patience, waiting until Kylo shared with him what part of the mandate bothered him most. “What about what you promised me.” The answer finally came, unexpected and unclear. Hux had to think for a moment before remembering exactly what he’d promised Kylo - and how much this trouble with Rey could actually hinder following through on it. He’d promised to teach the man control. Over his Force empathy, and over himself. His plans for doing so involved a great, great deal of the exact problematic activity that could potentially disturb Rey. And yet, he so very much longed to get started on Kylo’s training. “I intend to honor that promise.” Hux whispered, keeping his gaze firm and unrelenting. “In full, to completion. The situation with Rey requires finesse, however. And time. When it comes to this particular issue, I believe time is the one resource we have in abundance.” Unfortunately, this was not the issue that currently plagued their lives with the greatest sense of urgency. “You have plans to continue your training. Correct?” Hux murmured, his mind slowly splitting its attentions to the matter of Snoke. “Does that include a greater hold on her sense of blocking?” “It can be.” Kylo admitted, though his voice held a note of unhappiness that made no sense to Hux. “I have to focus on teaching her to be aware of the void Snoke leaves in the Force. Even I’m not a master at the technique, but it’s more important than ever to give her a chance at protecting herself.” Hux’s distracted gaze settled on the hands against Kylo’s knee, and he nodded slowly. “That is priority. Her skills with blocking should be exercised as well. If she can block you, she stands a better chance at blocking out Snoke.” Kylo’s expression crumbled. When he didn’t reply, Hux flickered his attention back up to stare at him, unnerved by the lack of agreement. “What if.” Kylo whispered. “I don’t want her blocking us out.” Kylo’s tendencies towards impatience and selfishness were no surprise to Hux, but he felt a surge of anger strike through him at this new level of greed. “You seek to goad her into a level of intimacy she is not ready for.” Hux warned through clenched teeth. “You’ve barely won her trust. Exposing her to uncontained lust would merely scare her away.” Kylo’s hand snaked out from where Hux had been holding it, leaving Hux’s palm pressed hard against his knee again. “You don’t know what she’s ready for.” He challenged, though there was no sense of confidence in his pouting voice. “No.” Hux admitted. “But I think you do. And I think you know this is not it.” Hux liked being right, most of the time. In fact, there was barely a time when he did not enjoy it. Just this once, however, he privately wished that he wasn’t. “The only concern we should be focused on now is keeping her safe on a more permanent basis.” Hux muttered, pulling away to sit back on his seat and frown with contemplation. “This little game of Snoke’s has left me jarred. He knew he stood no chance in that battle. Everything that man does has a purpose, and I intend to find out what that purpose truly was.” “He wants Rey.” Kylo told him, watching him with confusion. “That is his end game. These catch and release tactics aren’t a proper function of his inevitable acquirement. He’s poking holes and searching for something; all the while, his meager attempts to reacquire the girl and create dissonance between the First Order and the Resistance are nothing more than distractions, keeping us from digging deeper.” Hux was missing something and that enraged him. “Maybe he’s hoping your men turn on you.” Kylo offered. His words did not change Hux’s expression, but at least his suggestion was not carelessly brushed away. “He’s tried that before.” Hux admitted. “In admittedly smaller numbers. Still, dissonance remains prevalent even within the ranks of the Finalizer. Some of our officers and ‘troopers still hold me responsible for the failure of Starkiller. Their anger is a potential resource for him to tap in to, should he find the right moment. But why would he stage a victory for our side if he wanted to sow the seeds of..” His voice trailed off as an idea began to form. He slid his fingers across a blank console, until it flickered to life at his touch. His elegant manipulation of the holographic panel sped by faster than Kylo’s eyes could catch up, until he had a long list of ship names blinking across his screen, scrolling by slower in order to read each one. “Subtle,” Hux whispered, without any context that Kylo could comprehend. “But crude. There must be more than just this.” “What is it. ” Kylo finally seethed out, impatiently leaning forward. “General Mitaka’s report suggests 51 Star Destroyers answered the beacon call when I sent the signal out. Only 45 managed to arrive on time, leaving six of them to alter their travel coordinates and return to their stationed quadrant.” “And?” Kylo urged him on. Hux lifted his brows and looked at him. “ Eight ships, not six, reported back to Alpha Seven quadrant. Unsurprisingly, those ships are no longer responding to Mitaka’s hails. We can assume they’re under Snoke’s authority, now.” Hux should have been angry. Instead, Kylo watched him lean back on his chair, stare up at the overhead console with a deeply furrowed brow, and tap out a steady rhythm against the metal of his armrest as he lost himself in thought. “It’s - such a near insignificant win. I refuse to believe Snoke’s gone and done this just to chip away at the extensive navy he himself helped build. Still, those ships pose a security risk. They have the most recent communications from our fleet, including intel on locations, shipments, and contacts.” His fingers began to move again, entrancing Kylo with their speed. “We can track them. Can’t we? Use them to hunt Snoke down.” Hux’s fingers stilled in mid-stroke. He pursed his lips tightly, and his movement began again. “You’re not ready to face him. That would be walking directly into a trap and you know it.” “Like hell I’m not.” Kylo barked back soundly. “Every minute he still lives is another minute Rey’s in danger. Track the Destroyers. I’m finishing this now.” Hux’s hand lifted from the console to his face, pressing two fingers against the bridge of his nose to try and quell the rising headache that began pulsing from behind his eyes. “Should you face the man now, she’ll inevitably follow - with or without your permission.” Hux added the last quickly, before Kylo could dispute it. “Your best strategy is to teach her, and strengthen your own skills, just as you said. Leaving her alone while you gallivant off in search of a fight just leaves her susceptible to a stealthier attack. So do us all a favor, and focus.” “And what do you plan to do in the meantime?” Kylo sounded like he was challenging the man, and Hux felt ready for the challenge, despite how much he loathed the plans he was laying out ahead of him. “I plan on tightening our security breaches, scrambling our ships and shipyards, and preparing for a bit of poking myself.” He sighed out, sending off the final order through his holo-projector before shutting it down. His hands returned to the controls of the ship, switching several different functions before pulling them slowly out of hyperspace. Dark space yawned out ahead of them, dotted only by the sight of a cluster of planets. There was no sight of the Finalizer, or any other First Order ship in their vicinity. It caught Kylo’s attention, and he leaned forward to stare out of the viewport in distress. “Where are we?” He asked, unable to identify the planets by sight alone. “Nowhere of any concern to you.” Hux answered, unbuckling himself and standing up from his seat. He was already on the move when he threw his words casually over his shoulder. “I just need to pick something up.” A hand shot out to grab him by the wrist, pulling Hux back before he’d gotten too far. Kylo glared up at him, stewing in a heavy mix of frustration, self-loathing, and disappointment. “I don’t like secrets.” Hux blinked down at the hold on his wrist, then back up at Kylo with an air of mild irritation. “Then you’ve got quite the uphill battle ahead of you, if you think to gain more out of me than just a quick fuck. Good luck with that.” He tugged his arm away, but Kylo refused to let it go. Instead, he pulled Hux forward until he stood in the cockpit once more, rigid and impatient next to Kylo’s seated side. The Admiral waited, glaring eye to eye with the dark look he was receiving from below, and refused to flinch. The magnetic swirls of gloom twisting in those brown eyes cleared into something sharper, and more troublesome. He absolutely hated when Kylo turned introspective; it always meant more trouble for him. “Why are you always trying to help me with her.” Kylo muttered, earning himself a roll of Hux’s eyes. “I know you want her. I’ve seen it. I don’t get your game. It’s just another damn secret with you. One of a billion.” Hux thought turmoil was strangely attractive on that dissonant featured face, especially when Kylo tugged at the inside of his cheek with his teeth. When his wrist was finally released, he lifted his hand up and patted that cheek, brimming with fondness he wasn’t aware he could muster. “It’s true.” Hux’s lips hardly moved as the words shuddered out. He drifted until he was seated side-saddle on the meat of Kylo’s thighs, using him like a comfortable chair. “I’ve never been very good at sharing. You have every right to be suspicious. After all, I’ve managed leaps and bounds ahead of you in terms of attracting her.” Kylo’s growl resonated so firmly it vibrated against the back of Hux’s legs and the side of his arm. That, too, was a uniquely attractive feature. He wrapped an arm loosely around Kylo’s shoulder, and his fingers buried themselves comfortably into the tangles of black hair. The touch was like petting a familiar, demeaning and subservient, but it turned Kylo’s growls into a different sort of pleasant vibration nonetheless. “Common goals bring together unlikely allies.” Hux explained, with a distant, unfocused gaze. “She doesn’t want me. Nor you. But when it’s us, she finds reasons to stay. That’s all that matters to me, to be quite honest. That she stays .” Despite his explanation, Hux could tell by the tension in Kylo’s body that the man was still uneasy and grim. Even the stroke of Hux’s fingers against his scalp could not soothe away the feelings that were surfacing after too much time buried away. “She would have been mine without you.” Kylo assured him, his words flung out with edges in a snappy, clenched retort. A laugh bubbled out from Hux’s throat and he instantly regretted it, but only a little bit. “Ah, yes. Your supposed destiny, ripped out from underneath you. She would turn to the Dark Side, you would be Snoke’s right hand and she his left. Quite likely you would then have been tasked with killing me, to keep my potential from surfacing. And how did all of that work out for you, Kylo? How is your future looking now?” Kylo reached up to pull Hux’s hand out of his hair, gripping it too hard as he tugged the man away. “You mock me.” He hissed in warning, tensing even further. It felt twisted, to cheat and abuse his newfound powers against the man underneath him, but he leaned in and pressed a chaste kiss to those angrily pursed lips anyway, defusing what was most certainly a bomb ready to explode. “Only because I’m pleased that you did not get everything you thought you wanted. My question stands - compare the scenarios, and inform me when you’ve made a rational decision on whether or not you regret the choices that have led you to this point. You still have time to turn back that clock.” He saw the crack of what he assumed was terror flash through Kylo’s eyes, and suddenly both flesh and broken mechanical hands were around his waist until he was utterly consumed by the kind of full body embrace that left him struggling for air. He heard a whisper, thick and full of certainty, breathed against his ear. “Never.” Kylo promised, fervent enough to force a smug smile to tug helplessly against Hux’s lips. “Good.” Hux hissed out. “Now let me go. This is ridiculous. You, are ridiculous.” Kylo took his time before disentangling himself from the man, and a chuckle vibrated from deep within his chest as he watched Hux fuss with every detail of his jacket and hair, smoothing it all down to perfection with annoyance. “Remember when I told you these wild delights you were ready to feast in were far more dangerous than the shoddy, childish concept of love?” Hux muttered, refusing to look Kylo in the eye as he fussed with his collar and adjusted it unnecessarily. Kylo nodded. “Well congratulations.” Hux lifted himself up from Kylo’s lap, flattened out his trousers methodically with both hands, and then reached up suddenly to grab Kylo’s face in one hand, pressing his fingers almost painfully into both of his cheeks. He gripped that face and tugged it upward. Now, he looked into Kylo’s eyes again. He tried to look annoyed. And failed. “You’ve doomed us both.” Hux leaned in, planting an almost angry kiss against those pouty lips. When he was done assaulting Kylo with his violent affection, he dropped his face and turned, storming away from the cockpit to disappear behind its walls. He’d left Kylo frozen, shaken to stillness with confusion and a sense of eerie concern over what could be worse than love, when it came to Hux. Armed with only a taste of just how deep that dark well could go, he shuddered with uneasy anticipation and turned his thoughts to focus on the matter at hand; preparing himself and Rey to deal with Snoke. Immediately, he threw himself into meditation. Perhaps he wasn’t ready to face Snoke and end all this now, but he was more determined than ever to get there. If not for himself, or for Rey, then for the man whose kiss promised something far more frightening than love if only they could survive this obstacle together. It only took a few steps to slide through the narrow corner and join Rey and Bean in the cargo hold. They were seated on crates, facing one another, and Bean’s helmet was off. Once he heard the Admiral’s footsteps still behind him, Bean grabbed the abandoned helmet and slammed it on his head automatically, saluting a little too formally from where he sat on the crate. Hux would have appreciated the attempt at respect, if he wasn’t already so occupied with his own thoughts. Despite his best attempts to readjust himself to formality, Hux looked flush faced and overwhelmed. Rey was reading too deeply into it, by the way her expression was slowly lifting into a smug, knowing smile. This was going to get old, fast. “At ease.” Hux told the Stormtrooper when Bean lurched up to his feet after his salute was fully ignored. He brushed the man aside with a wave of his hand, and then turned on his heel, dropping down beside Rey to share the crate she was sitting on. She was jostled by his sudden presence, and shifted to accommodate him against her. He pressed his hands against his lips, hunching forward, and lost himself in his own thoughts. Both Rey and Bean looked thoroughly at a loss for how to react to his presence, or whether they should even say a word. Bean’s eyes caught Rey’s, silently gesturing as he mouthed out should I leave at her. She shook her head, and rested a hand lightly against Hux’s back. “It went that well, did it?” Rey whispered, chiding him in the hopes of lightening the mood. It worked, but only to a point. He met her gaze with a side glance and breathed out a single chuckle, before blowing out a long, drawn out sigh. “We have a chance of plans.” Hux told her, startling her by speaking of it with Bean still in his presence. She was already assuming he was talking about their previous problem , and that conversation felt too intimate for Bean’s ears. Hux relieved her almost instantly by dismissing that assumption with his explanation. “We won’t be returning to the Finalizer for a bit longer. I have something I need to pick up in this system - we’re already here, orbiting the planet. I wanted to explain that to you, before we landed.” He lifted his head up to Bean. “You’ll be accompanying me in-land when we touch down. Once we’ve established a safe zone, you will return to escort the Commander and Rey to the designated location. Is that clear?” Bean was already barking out a confident yes, sir when Rey spoke, their voices clashing in mayhem. “You’re going off without us? And it’s potentially unsafe? Are you barking mad?” Rey’s voice was raising too quickly, but it was rolling off of Hux as though her anger was harmless. She could tell it had no effect - and that only made her angrier. Still, he continued. “I know this place like the back of my hand. I’m not in any danger.” “Then let us come with you.” Rey pleaded, as insistent as he’d expected her to be. “No.” There was a finality to his command, as though she was one of his officers, and expected her to respect his decision. He stood up, and put a hand on her head. “You have much to work on with Kylo. Now might be a good time to get started on that.” She knocked the hand off of her head and stood, attempting to get on her toes to face him as close as she could. Despite her height, she still managed to cut an imposing figure; though it paled in the face of a man as used to authority as Hux. “I’d really love to see you try to stop us from coming.” She huffed out, unamused laughter hidden in every sharp word. She had a point. There was no way he could stop two powerful Force users from following him down into the thick of the jungle-covered planet. He simply hoped they would find it in them to understand. So he brought his finger against her lips, holding it against the plush give and pressing down to feel their softness. “I don’t want to try and stop you. I want you to trust that when I say no, it’s for a good reason. This is a personal matter. If you will not respect my command, then accept my request . Don’t follow me. Not until I’m ready. Is that clear?” His voice mesmerized her, twining her up in the pull and demand of it, leaving her mouth parting as it all settled on her shoulders, heavy. There was no other answer. Not when he asked like that. Not when he spoke with his eyes and pleaded until she finally understood just how important this was to him. She nodded, lips still parted against his finger. He looked as if he wanted to smile, but had no strength left for it. Instead, he fluttered his eyelashes and rose a slow arching brow. “I need you to keep him here.” He added, as if staying behind wasn’t hard enough. Whatever spell he’d cast suddenly burst like a bubble, and she pinched her face in dismay. “He’s not as understanding as you. I won’t even attempt to get through to him.” “It won’t be easy.” She said, as if he didn’t already know. “With him, nothing is.” He reminded her, dropping his hand from her lips and turning back to the Stormtrooper that had pointedly turned his head away from what must have been an uncomfortably intimate scene. When his eyes fell on Bean, the veil of command returned to him in an instant. “We’ll be landing in ten minutes. Gather what you need and be ready.” Bean straightened and saluted with a fist against his chest, barking out a solid sir before ducking away from the two of them quickly. Once he’d disappeared, Hux’s shoulders sagged just a bit, and he finally managed to give Rey the smile she deserved from him. “And just what were the two of you talking about all this time, before I came in?” He asked, pressing a hand gently against the curve of her hip. She brightened with near-torturous levels of mischief, and bit the tip of her tongue between her teeth as she grinned. “None of your business, that’s what.” She told him, earning a jab against the meat of her hip. “He’s one of my men. Everything he does is my business.” Hux countered, deftly avoiding any signs of jealousy by focusing on Bean’s privacy instead. “Sure. That’s why you asked.” It seemed as though she wasn’t falling for his obvious ambiguity, leaving him to wonder just how he was going to get away with caring for the girl when she was all too obvious of his less than altruistic intentions. It was a difficult minefield to maneuver through, when her sharp eyes had turned towards him as if always expecting him to go too far. She was more trouble than he was prepared for. Yet not more trouble than she was worth. His hand led her out of the cargo hold, maneuvering their way single file until they returned to the cockpit. Bean was still out of sight making preparations when Hux returned to his seat, and Rey stopped in front of Kylo, who was meditating calmly in hers. She looked from him, to Hux, bit her lower lip in thought, and then shrugged as though whatever decision she’d come to was not really worth fussing over. Hux didn’t see the moment she’d crawled into the space on the seat that Kylo’s long, folded up legs had left empty, or curled herself up tightly so she could sit comfortably in such a small, cramped position. Hux was only aware of it when he heard the sound of indignation that came from Kylo, when he was torn from meditation by the weight of her against him. She was such a clever little thing, wrapped up so easily in the chasm his long legs left behind, but it still left Kylo with the girl sharing his seat in close quarters, and the look on his face when he realized it was utterly priceless to Hux. He wished he’d had some sort of recording device to snap that moment into immortality. “What do you think you’re doing ?” Kylo asked, his voice hitched up at least an octave above it’s normal pitch. Something akin to a muffled snort escaped Hux, but he cleared his throat to hide it. “I’m sitting?” Rey informed him, reaching for the buckle of the belt. It strained almost obscenely when she tried to stretch it out over the both of them, and when the buckle refused to meet its home, she eventually gave up. “You were in my seat, and there’s nowhere else to sit.” “But you’re.” Kylo refused to finish the sentence, instead using his hand to wave wildly at the curve of her body pressed against his. She watched his hand flail and her brow furrowed, trying desperately to understand why this was such a hard thing for him to process. “I woke up, earlier today, curled up in your entire body.” She muttered, a growing trepidation threading through her voice. “Why is this - is this a bad thing?” Hux rolled his eyes; he could have slapped Kylo for his reaction, right now. He was going to insult her, at this rate. It wouldn’t take long before she read too hard into it. He almost felt like counting down, waiting for the moment she decided that casual, comfortable proximity to Kylo Ren was somehow a crime. Three, two, and- She leapt out of the chair and attempted to climb onto the console in front of them to get away from him, suddenly horrified. And there it went. “Rey, please refrain from sitting on my console, you’ll accidentally engage the self-destruct.” Hux’s voice was practically musical as he warned her of her current precarious position. She let out a squeak, crawling off of the console and back into the seat in a vain attempt to keep as much of her body not touching Kylo as possible. Much too late, he’d realized his mistake, and wound his arms around the girl, pulling her back against him. “You’ve done nothing wrong.” He growled out, turning her rigid with the unhappy sound of his voice. “I’m an idiot. I’m sorry. Would you please kriffing relax, your knees are digging into me and you are still as sharp and knobby as ever.” Rey did not relax for some time, but she did shift to sit with her back facing him, so as not to bruise his body any further with her wild, sharp movements. She folded her hands tight in front of her, curled up unhappily, and pouted in silence for a solid five minutes of sulking. They were already landing by the time she’d begun to relax, unfurling herself until her head was resting on Kylo’s chest. He took the gesture to mean he was at least partially forgiven, but leaned in to grumble one last sorry into the curve of her ear, earning him the last remaining dregs of forgiveness to lock her safely in his arms. Hux’s landing was as elegant as everything else he did, and when they touched down he let out a small sound of satisfaction, and began to power down the ship in stages. “He still won’t tell me why we’re here.” Kylo grunted out. “Did he tell you?” Rey froze for a moment, hesitating as she tried to think up the best answer to that question. Kylo would know if she lied, but she knew she had to convince him that they needed to stay. “I know it’s important to him.” Rey hedged, which was the truth, but no real answer. “And I know it’ll give us some time to work on my blocking while he’s gone.” Hux’s hand stilled against a switch for just one moment, before he returned to powering down and unbuckled himself from the seat. “What do you mean, while he’s gone. ” Kylo murmured carefully. Despite the way he was trying to control his reaction, Rey could already feel anger shuddering up from deep within him, ready to explode. She pressed back harder, willing her own weight to keep him at bay. “He’s going in first, with Bean. Then we’re meeting him there. He needs some privacy.” There, she thought. How could he refuse? “No.” Oh. That’s how. Hux was bowing out of the cockpit, plucking his cape off of the back of his seat and attaching it to his shoulders. She had to admit, if he was leaving with his cape on, she couldn’t imagine he was walking into too much danger. There were safer outfits to hide or run for your life in than long, flowing capes. Kylo suddenly heaved, attempting to get up off of the seat and simply follow Hux wherever he was planning to go. Rey railed against the movement, pushing back until he could feel her straining with the attempt and stopped fighting her simply to keep from hurting her. His eyes were narrowed and filled with contempt, staring at Hux’s back, but they turned to her and softened just slightly. “Get off me, Rey.” He demanded, with no trace of that softness in his voice. “I think I’ll stay right here, thank you.” She said, pushing her hands against his shoulders in a vain effort to get him to settle back on the chair. “Hux is allowed to have private things, too. He’s taking Bean, and he knows this planet. He promised he was in no danger. I trust him.” With those words, Rey had Kylo’s full attention. “Do you.” He muttered, settling back on the seat as the full force of her words hit him. She trusted Hux. He doubted that the man deserved a treasure that priceless, when he was walking away from them with no explanation of where, or why. She trusted Hux, and Kylo was slowly beginning to question why . “Yes.” She wasn’t hesitating, anymore. If he wanted to question her choices, she looked ready to fight for them. He liked her best when she was ready to fight. “And you want me to trust him, too, don’t you.” Kylo chuckled out darkly, shaking his head in disbelief. Rey startled that shake into stillness with her answer. “No.” She told him. “I want you to trust me.” And in that moment, Kylo wondered if being around Hux was starting to rub off on Rey just a little too much to bear. Her endearing eyes held a challenge, and deeper within them he saw the confidence that she would win this battle, despite the odds. As if somewhere, in that innocent, brash little body, the girl knew she already had him wrapped around her little finger. Every part of him wanted to fight against that unacceptable, crippling truth. He was opposed to being controlled , in any way. Her lips flickered, as though strings attached to the corners had shuddered just slightly, and that tiny, hopeful movement crumbled his walls of opposition as though they were made of sand. “We keep in constant contact with him.” Kylo’s words were as good as surrender, and that twitch on her lips grew to a full smile, forcing him to wince when he saw it. “Blocking can wait. We turn our focus to monitoring him from here.” “Kylo.” Rey warned, her lips pursing in a way that distracted him from breathing. “His privacy. ” He hated the girl in his arms in equal measures to his endearment of her. “We’ll monitor Bean, then. He hissed the words out from between clenched teeth, nearly growling as the last threads of his patience began to fray. “I will not leave him out there alone.” Rey lifted her eyes to consider, and then nodded. If anything, the answer pleased her; Bean’s safety was just as much her concern as Hux’s, after all. “Deal. You keep an eye out for Bean. I’ll work on my blocking - and on your arm. And we leave Hux alone.” Hux returned, with Bean fully armed at his side, and reached over to flip the switch that activated the docking doors. “Such lovely words to return to. Thank you, my dear.” Kylo’s eyes were flinty as they stared up at him, but the effect was weathered by the girl wrapped up in his arms, grinning ferociously with victory. “Don’t make us wait too long. I’m already itching to get outside.” “When are you not?” Hux asked her, leaning in to fondly bump the underside of her chin with his crooked finger. “Be good while I’m gone.” “When am I not?” She parroted back at him, earning a sharp laugh from Hux’s departing back and a groan from Kylo as he disentangled himself and lifted her up to her feet. She hurried for the ramp and clambered down to watch Hux leave, shuffling purposefully towards the thick of the jungle with Bean at his back. He’d barely made it off the ship before Rey called out to him, picking her way through the grass to catch up with him. She hesitated as she stood in front of him, scratching the side of her arm as she struggled silently inside of her own mind. He watched on in puzzlement, until she turned towards Bean. “Turn around a second.” She told him, firmly enough to have convinced the ‘trooper to turn his back on the two without a single moment of hesitation. Hux rose both of his eyebrows, mildly impressed by the display. His eyebrows remained risen when she pushed up on her tiptoes and pressed a hasty kiss to the junction of his cheek and the corner of his lips, as though she’d meant to kiss them and changed her mind at the last second. She dropped and folded her arms in front of him, instantly withdrawing with embarrassment and stubbornness. “For luck.” She piped up at him, frowning. He watched her struggle for a few long, satisfying seconds, before bowing his head in thanks. “I feel luckier already.” He slid past her with a hand on her shoulder, walking away until his lingering touch finally escaped and she was left standing alone. She watched him until she couldn’t see him anymore, and then trudged back to the ship’s ramp, looking anywhere but the tall body leaning against the leg of the ramp’s lifting device. His arms were folded lazily, his foot was resting back against the metal behind him, and she didn’t need to look at his face to know he was sporting the smuggest of smiles. She walked right past him without a word, and just when she thought she was safe from being teased, he piped up behind her. “You know.” She groaned. “It’s going to be hard keeping track of them all the time. I could sure use some luck, too.” “Nice try.” She called out shakily, reaching behind her to grab his broken mechanical arm without looking and dragging him roughly inside to get to work on it. Hux hadn’t been lying. The trip to what he’d called the safe zone hadn’t been dangerous at all. Bean’s gun had been trained on the trees, keeping an eye out for hazardous wildlife as they slogged through the wet terrain. It had taken an hour before they were even within a distance to see signs of sentient life, though even that was scarce and primitive. From a distance, Bean could see that the jungle was cleared ahead of them, with little smatterings of encampments made up of straw covered huts. Hux seemed to analyze the view ahead of them, searching for something. Eventually, he sighed and pulled out an almost archaic looking communicator; Bean had never seen the likes of it before, and knew it couldn’t have the power to work on long-range communications. It sputtered to life and a hazy blue holo-image appeared just above it, cutting out every few seconds. It was difficult to see from where Bean was standing, but he knew that the Admiral would not permit him to get a closer look. So he squinted, trying his best to get a better view of the face that was forming in the projection, smiling up at Hux brilliantly. Except, what he saw made no real sense at all. There were some obvious differences that were throwing Bean off, but the longer he looked at the man in the projection, the longer he started to suspect the truth. “Ar-” Hux lifted a finger, hushing the shaky voice before he could get a word out. The man looking up at him smiled sheepishly, batting at his lips with the flat of his hand. “Sorry, sorry. Xander. You’re back! Are you close by? Oh, you must be. You’re here to see me!” “Location coordinates, please.” Hux answered the friendly voice as if he was speaking to a computer. The man frowned, pursing his lips out comically. “Still so grumpy. I don’t know if I really want to see you now. You haven’t even said hello to me yet. You’re so rude!” Bean watched the weight on Hux’s shoulders sag, as he let out a long, exhausted sigh, and closed his eyes. His hand reached up to pinch the bridge of his nose for a moment, before he let out a quiet, weakened murmur. “Hello, Brendol.” Notes: HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYBODY!! Stay safe, stay full, and stay strong with that much family around you because godddd is that stressful. SO UH this chapter was actually done two days ago, but because of nano I decided I wanted to keep writing instead of edit so it was just sitting there waiting. Also fun fact: this is the LONGEST CHAPTER OF BP SO FAR! The good news is that means the next chapter's already halfway done. The bad news is that means I might not post until December 1st or something, because I am *barely* making my nano quota right now but I'm determined to get it done and so I might just keep writing until the end. But more good news! That's only five days away! SO WOO! I also have a new story for you for the tropesgiving exchange all done and ready, and THAT goes up December 2nd, I hope you like it (And all the amazing works that are going to be posted by the reylux fam that day!!) Concerning this chapter: Really just feels and emotions and working things out, I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoy writing it because the next chapter is STRAIGHT UP PLOT AND I AM NOT HAVING AS MUCH FUN WITH THAT LOLLL To those of you who've stuck around this long: You're damn heroes, I want you to know that I appreciate you guys so much. It's been such a long, fruitless road, and whenever I see a name in the comments section that I've seen before I just feel so lucky that you guys still think what I'm doing is worth a little of your time. YOU are what I'm thankful for this Thanksgiving. You, my friends, and just having a place to share things like this with others. THANK YOU SO MUCH YOU GUYS!!! Happy gobble and a good nap to you! Chapter 37 Notes: MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Bean was no shined up fresh new Stormtrooper. He’d seen plenty of field experience to consider himself well acquainted with the variety of sentient creatures this galaxy had to offer. He did not need to see them all to have seen enough - therefore, being exposed to a new race was no issue for him. He’d seen gentle giants perform acts of heroism just as frequently as he’d watched the tiniest, furriest of creatures swarm and tear through living prey like tissue paper. The only lesson he’d learned that applied to every situation he’d come across was simple; never let your guard down. As they walked through the trees that stirred, chittering with life from all sides, he held fast to that lesson and walked backwards, aiming his blaster wildly at any sound he heard. The man that led him did not seem nearly as preoccupied with their safety, but Bean knew that was his job, and he took it very seriously. He alone would be held responsible if the Admiral was attacked. “‘Trooper.” Hux hissed, as Bean’s weapon swung wildly and nearly caught the cuff of the Admiral’s head. “Put your weapon away. We’re not in any danger.” “But sir ,” Bean interjected, paranoia rising his voice to a higher pitch. Hux paused in his step, but did not turn to face Bean. Instead, he reached over his shoulder, pushed Bean’s blaster down, and returned to stomping unhappily through the dense foliage. Bean kept his blaster where it had been lowered, and rushed to catch up to the Admiral. His place was not to question. His place was to protect. He repeated the mantra, over and over, trying to remind himself of that in a way he’d never really had to do before. It had been months - no, more than that, a year perhaps? - since his last reconditioning. He’d been scheduled just after the coup, but now, things were different. And he could feel it in every small, indignant push of will he was now burdened to bear. He’d questioned his superiors far too many times already. He had to buckle down and trust Hux’s well-informed decisions, now. The trees shuddered and his fingers itched to throw respect to the wind almost immediately when he caught the hint of claws slipping back into the foliage, out of his sight. He kept his blaster down, but he refused to let his guard down, no matter what his Admiral assured him. It was a near treasonous thought. The brush opened into a clearing, exposing one of the small villages they’d been tracking down. The huts were primitive, but there was something unsettling about their placement and sturdiness. He thought a hut made of straw would be lopsided and easy to bowl over with a hand. These looked perfectly symmetrical and thick. They passed the doorway of one, and Bean could hear that same excited trill from within. Whatever had been in the trees lived here, he estimated. That made them marginally less threatening, but not nearly enough to soothe his anxiety. As they picked their way through the village, whatever lived within remained carefully hidden away in their huts, as though waiting for the perfect moment to strike. Hux continued down a long clearing between rows of these habitats, headed for a larger structure made of hardened clay instead. The entranceway was narrow and too low to walk through without crouching, but Hux slipped through anyway, leaving Bean bewildered as to whether he should enter himself or guard the doorway. Before he could ask, Hux’s voice called out from within for him. “Stay there.” The command was a relief to hear, and Bean straightened up with his blaster pointed forwards, ready to defeat anything that attempted to enter while his Admiral was inside. Unbeknownst to him and his pride, he looked a little silly holding his weapon up to nothing. He could still hear Hux’s voice within the structure, speaking quietly to someone else. He must have received the answer he was looking for, because he commanded Bean loudly from inside a moment later. “This section is clear. Retrieve the Commander and Rey.” Bean’s sharp sir of agreement was barked out, and the ‘trooper began a thudding run in the opposite direction from where they’d come, easily retracing their steps back to the shuttle. Hux waited just long enough to hear the dull thud of bootfalls fade away, before turning back to the man in front of him. “They seem well trained, better than the last time. They were crawling all over me, then.” “They’re not trained. ” A second voice whined out breathlessly in an accent that was startlingly similar to Hux’s, save for the gentler inflections and constant breathy laugh. “They’re not pets, Xander, they’re just as sentient as you or me. You might as well say I’m well trained, too.” Hux’s face lifted in a wry smile, and the wiry young man let out a long, dramatic groan. “Now stop teasing me. To what do I owe this supreme honor? I haven’t seen you in years.” There was an obvious inflection on the word supreme, but Hux refused to acknowledge the joke, considering all that had changed since he’d seen Brendol last. “Has it really been that long?” Brendol’s expression twitched, and the black aperture under his long lashes adjusted with an unnatural, mechanical sound. He was working the numbers out in his head. “Fourteen years, six months, twelve days, two hours, six minutes, and twenty-seven seconds ago.” He blinked, and his smile returned in full. “Honestly, I thought you were dead. Not that I’m surprised to see you alive, of course. You always were a scrapper.” Hux searched the accommodations around him with a slow gaze as Brendol drawled on. He took in the crudely carved out walls, the giant, humming generators that powered whatever was running in the building, and the scarcity of decor other than the power console laid out in front of the giant, segmented monitors. Brendol cleared his throat, demanding the attention back to him, and Hux obliged with a stern, clipped reply. “What.” “What are you doing back here? Don’t leave me in suspense.” “I need your help.” Brendol’s thin, cracked lips gave a shudder, then turned down into a frown. “But I thought we agreed that’s no longer an option.” “No,” Hux muttered, surging forward to stand toe to toe with the man. This close, he could see the synthetic, mechanical eyes Brendol had long ago been implanted with, as his pupils swirled and narrowed to a pinpoint of focused glaring. He’d never been unnerved by the lack of life inside of those hollow pupils, as others had been. He saw them for what they were, just as his father had - a tactical advantage. “We agreed that you would remain retired, and officially off of the First Order’s radar, until such time as needed. That was the exact agreement you settled with father, and that same agreement applies now that I am in charge.” A soft, hitched laugh escaped Brendol. “In charge? Nobody’s in charge of that place anymore. Not Dad, certainly not you, and not the long line of disposable officers that will probably follow in your place the moment that horrible Force user decides you’re no longer of any use to him.” Brendol’s shaky words brought a vicious smile to Hux’s face, and that was enough to startle him. He backed up a step, and his eyes narrowed before the pupils dilated in slow recognition of what that smugness meant. “What did you do ?” There was no question, for Brendol. Whatever that smile meant, it was unquestionably Hux’s doing. An alarm triggered, quiet but insistent on the console. Brendol was reluctant to pull away from the conversation, so he kept his eyes firmly on Hux while he reached down to turn the long range sensors on. There were two foreign red dots blinking on the screen as they advanced, and one green dot just ahead of them. He’d already registered the Stormtrooper Hux had arrived with as a friendly target, to avoid unnecessary alarm. “Are those your friends?” Brendol asked, filled with open curiosity. Hux’s nose crinkled for a split second at the question. He was loathe to claim them as his friends , but that made them no less his to claim. “Yes.” He muttered unhappily, pulling out a cigarette to light it with shaky fingers. Brendol noticed. “It’s not like you to work with others.” Brendol chuckled out through a too-wide grin, catching the freeze of Hux’s hand just before the cigarette touched his lips. He was enjoying this far, far too much. “Anything I should know before they get here?” Hux breathed in a long, ragged drag, and let it linger too long in his lungs to feel the burn of it just barely tip over from pleasure to pain. “Yes.” He breathed out in a tortured cloud of smoke. “Everything has changed.” The walk down to the safe zone was long, but Rey felt a constant tug of relief whenever she realized just how safe it really was here. She could feel a hundred little creatures, all of whom expressed nothing but childish curiosity as they watched her from the trees, and wondered if they would ever come out to say hello. When she searched deeper, she found a well of anger from a distant, far away location, but nothing about it struck fear into her. It was a feral kind of anger, like that of an animal - and it was far away enough to not be a pressing concern. “You’re doing well.” Kylo murmured, his eyes half-lidded as he watched her stretch her senses and search. He could feel her traversing the ley lines of the Force, following each path until they landed on something that sparked with life and then cataloguing all those around it until she had a sensible idea of what she was looking at. It was a difficult challenge, but no one had ever told Rey what her limits were or what would be easy and difficult. She had no standards to uphold, or self-made boundaries that kept her from surpassing her potential. She was fresh, new and untested, which made her potential unlimited. Kylo licked his lips, and turned to stare pointedly at the Stormtrooper’s back. “It feels very organic.” Rey breathed out, distracted by her continued searching. “Just following them all one after the other. Like blood flowing in a vein. Do they feel me too, when I do this?” “Not unless they were searching for it. There isn’t a lot of Force sensitivity in planets like this; I doubt any of them realize it.” Rey lifted her hands and wiggled her fingers, wading through with weak, vague movements. She was no longer just searching the Force, but moving the connections she found like bent strings, trying to see past them to others. “And Hux?” She asked, when she found his conscious there and carefully slipped away. “Will he feel me if I touch him?” Kylo had to consider the question for a moment, before nodding in answer. “From my experience, he is always aware of everything around him, including any wayward Force sensitives. It’s been an irritant from the moment I’ve met him. Not once have I been able to fully crack through his shell.” Rey’s eyes blinked back into focus, and she grinned up at Kylo impishly. “You’re not supposed to crack Hux, Kylo.” She chided, her lips pursed to hide a smile. “You could just ask him about himself if you’re really that curious.” Kylo kept his eyes firmly on the Stormtrooper. “I am not curious.” He waited for Rey’s answer, but instead he felt the soft weight of her power trying to nestle itself stealthily into his mind to decipher the truth from him, and shut her off with a gentle sweep of his palm. “You’re more than curious enough for the three of us.” She liked that. She was the curious one of the three of them. Hux was the sharp one, Kylo was the strong one, and she was - curious. She took that label to her heart with pride. “You’re much more than just curious, Rey.” Kylo muttered under his breath, forcing a gasp out of her as he read her thoughts without permission. She fisted her hand and playfully punched his side, just under his ribs. He ignored the punch, despite the sting, and continued his thought in an effort to earn her forgiveness. “You’re sharp, and strong, and honest, and good.” He pointed out, counting the compliments off on his gloved fingers. “You’d get along just fine without us. We’re the ones who seem to struggle most without you.” Rey couldn’t decide how to respond to words so kind coming from a man so coarse, so she fell silent as she withdrew from the Force and turned inward, searching desperately for some kind of proper answer. In the end, despite how struck she was with his vulnerability and sentiment, she couldn’t find a way to properly thank him because she didn’t quite believe his words were true. Instead, when she boiled her thoughts down to the clearest distillation, all she could think about was how wrong he was about one thing. “I do not want to get along fine without you.” She practically scolded him with the words, and a sudden anger injecting them with strength. “I’ve been alone practically all of my life. I’m not keen to returning to it.” “I didn’t mean that.” Rey lifted a hand, keeping the man from backtracking further. “Then don’t talk to me about how great I could be on my own. I don’t need you or anyone telling me that. I survived just fine on my own. What I want right now, is to live .” Her feet shuffled faster, carrying her past Kylo’s side until she was all but speed walking to overtake Bean. The Stormtrooper jolted at the sight of her, and then hurried to keep up, determined to keep her safe. Kylo slowed down, and let the words sink in. He didn’t know what it meant to live. He’d been surviving a day at a time, confident that each decision was the right one. Each step was one step closer to his goals. He survived. He found it difficult to imagine what the difference was between surviving, and living. It was a distinction that required a mind like Rey’s to discover, and understand. He lurched forward again, long strides carrying him closer to the two before they could get very far ahead. It had taken quite some time before they’d come across the village, and the huts that Bean was leading them towards. The two seemed only mildly curious at their surroundings, though Rey looked ready to crawl into a hut every time she heard a soft chitter echo out from it. Kylo’s hand rested firmly at the small of her back to keep her from breaking away, and dropped the moment Bean stopped in front of the clay building. “Admiral Hux is inside. Watch your head.” His warning was specifically for Rey, as he put his hand between her and the clay when she began to duck inside. She stopped and grinned up at him, before disappearing fully within. Kylo received no such warning, but that may have been because the look Bean was getting from the Commander had all the markings of threat within it. Smartly, Bean remained silent and guarded the door like a statue. Kylo bent uncomfortably and made his way into the structure. He was completely out of sight before Bean finally felt safe enough to let out an audible sigh of relief. Inside, Hux had found something resembling a chair, and was seated in front of another man, one whose features were familiar enough to catch their attention instantly. Rey kept walking towards them even as Kylo stopped, instantly cautious and wary of what he was looking at. His eyes narrowed, flinty as he glared, openly, at Brendol. All he received in return was a warm, shy smile. “I trust you have questions.” Hux murmured, taking Rey’s hand as she reached him. She nodded silently, shifting her focus between the two men. With every flicker of attention she tossed his way, the younger man seemed to brighten just a little more. She could feel a skittish and nervous energy constantly thrumming through him, building as the tension wore on. Suddenly his expression broke out into a grin so easy, so charismatic, that it made her wonder what Hux would look like if he'd ever allowed himself to smile that way, and her eyes widened with wonder at the mental image. “You’ll recall that I’ve mentioned having a brother. Rey, this is Brendol Hux Jr.” Brendol reached out to take Rey’s hand, specifically the one Hux had been holding, and shook it amicably. “It is such a pleasure to make your acquaintance. To make anyone’s acquaintance, honestly.” He drawled out excitedly, in a voice so genuinely similar to Hux’s that it sent a chill trilling up her spine. “Rey is our liaison between the First Order and the Resistance. We’re working on forming a ceasefire, perhaps even an alliance should everything fall into place accordingly.” Brendol’s expression brought new features to light on his face, and suddenly Rey could see all the differences between him and his brother. Their eyes were completely different colors for one; dark, swirling shades of black hidden beneath pale lashes for Brendol, unlike the cold grey that glimmered like crystal in Hux’s eyes. Brendol looked tired, if the bags under his eyes were any indication. He was thinner, and his long hair flopped limp and wiry around his features, clearly unwashed and uncared for. On his gaunt, undernourished face, every feature was similar but still unique enough to be considered an entirely different person. His crooked nose, his imperfect jawline, the slight overbite; Rey suddenly noticed them all. He was not nearly Hux. But the family resemblance was astounding. Their hair was that same startling shade of sunlight orange, and something about the intensity of his gaze felt unique to their bloodline. Still, he held himself with a nervousness that Hux would never have allowed himself, and Rey wondered if Hux’s stern character was a product of his position of command, or if he and his brother really did not share similarities in the way of temper. “Behind me is Commander Kylo Ren, former protege to Supreme Leader Snoke, and now my - “ Hux had no title for Kylo. He almost choked when the word came unbidden, bubbling up from somewhere in his subconscious that had no right to exist. His lip curled as he said it, through clenched teeth and a heavy, overbearing sag. “ - partner.” Hux was uncomfortable with all possible interpretations of that word. Brendol said nothing, but his smile turned wicked, and deliciously smug. Not so different from Hux after all, Rey realized. “It’s very nice to meet you, Brendol.” Rey found the words to greet him back, finally. She grinned, embarrassed at how long it had taken given that she’d just been inclined to stare. “I never thought I’d get to meet someone from the Admiral’s family.” “The Admiral.” Brendol breathed out, one eyebrow raising as he regarded Hux for a moment. Rey’s hand was released, but Brendol’s eyes dropped back down to give her a long, piercing look. “Were you terribly interested in meeting some of the Admiral’s family in the future? I wonder why that is.” “That’s quite enough.” Hux warned, pulling Rey back a step away from his brother. “You’re to gather what you need and board my vessel before the suns set today. Is that clear?” There was a dead, weighted silence between the two as Hux waited for a reply and Brendol tilted his head back and forth in consideration. Rey watched the two, her eyes flickering back and forth between them as she waited for someone to break. Eventually Brendol smiled as he lifted his shoulders in a shrug. “No.” “No?” Hux seethed out, taking a step forward. “That was an order, Captain . You don’t have the authority to refuse me. You don’t have the right .” “Hux.” Rey whispered, aghast at the sudden tone he’d taken with his own brother. All she’d had to say was his name, and Hux could feel the pull of regret suddenly tugging him back, forcing him to reevaluate how he was handling the situation. She reached out and slid a hand around his elbow, and he allowed it. It grounded him just enough to take the last drag of a long since forgotten cigarette, and regard Brendol’s sudden cowering at his tone. He could have convinced the boy to jump off a bridge into lava, in that moment. He knew this, and he’d been poised to exploit it. It felt unfamiliar, to second guess a move like this. When Hux felt the urge to speak again, his lips parted and then closed the moment he felt another body against his other side, just behind him. Through his peripherals he could see what was undoubtedly Kylo, looming just as impressively in a Stormtrooper’s suit as he would have in his normal garb. If he’d bothered to turn and look at the man, he would find somewhat of a possessive sense of begrudgement expressed restlessly on that face, focused on the young man in front of him. Kylo was not so surprised at Hux’s short temper, or the bark of command in his voice. Despite that, Hux felt inclined to handle his brother with a little more finesse, before he gave in to the urge to knock the man over the side of the head with his blaster and have Kylo drag him back to the ship. “Brendol was once a member of the First Order, Rey.” Hux hummed out, his voice too-tight as he reached out to pat her curled hand. “He was a vital part of our infiltration division.” He bit his lip to keep the curl of disgust from his voice. “Why did you quit?” Rey asked. Her gentle inquisitiveness was beginning to win Brendol over, and it was obvious in his soft expression and the way he crept closer. “I don’t particularly like being on the wrong side of things, especially when I’m the one holding the gun.” He admitted, earning a stern glare from his brother. “Not to say I have any right to decide who’s right and wrong here, but from where I stood, nothing good came from fighting.” “He was once a loyal, critical member of our fleet.” Hux interjected sourly. “I was a spy.” Brendol chuckled out, his lips widening as if admitting it was a release. “A good one, mind.” He amended, his eyes now firmly on Rey. He looked like the kind of man itching to tell a story, and Rey looked like the only one interested in hearing it. He leaned in, pressing his elbows against his knees. “Five years directly under our father’s command. He pulled me out of the Academy before I’d even graduated. Necessity, he’d said. But, I knew it was just pride.” Brendol’s cheeks flushed unevenly. “He had.. very big plans for me. Threw me into service as soon as Xander had qualified for his first station. Waiting until I was grown just wasn’t an option. That man was six feet of pure pride and arrogance, and when he wasn’t proud, he was cruel.” Hux’s hand clenched all the tighter around Rey’s fingers, and when she tore her eyes from Brendol to look up at him, she could see the careful layers of forced calm beginning to wear thin. “I don’t understand.” Rey breathed out, pulling Hux’s hand closer until she could hold it between her own hand and her chest. “Hux is older, isn’t he? Why were you the one your father imposed his pride upon, when he had him?” Brendol’s lifeless eyes met Hux’s, but the strange pity in his smile was unwanted, and Hux huffed an annoyed breath through his nose before looking away. “That’s - a little complicated.” Rey did not look like she wanted to back down on her question, but Brendol had already begun to regret mentioning it. He rubbed the back of his neck, and gave her a withdrawn shrug. “Regardless, that’s just how it was with us. I wasn’t terribly strong, or fierce, but our father had a lot of high hopes for me regardless. My success was his success.” He paused, and his expression twitched with distress. "Then, I lost my eyes, during a.. particularly ruthless interrogation. Everything went a little bit sideways in our family after that.” Rey snapped her head back to lean in, staring far more carefully at Brendol’s eyes. Instead of the pure blackness she thought she’d seen, she realized there was a lot more there, subtle but definitely mechanical. He contracted the pupils to give her a show, and her eyes widened innocently with interest. “They were an expensive commission, to be sure. Father was nearly fired for it! But they helped keep me in service. For a while, anyway. Using them tends to muddle with my brain a bit.” He chuckled through a weak cringe. “Or a lot. Can’t really remember, anymore.” Something about the way he kept summing up pieces of the story had Rey wondering if he’d shared more than he’d meant to. She cringed, reaching up to pat his shoulder sympathetically. “Well, then I’m glad you got out while you still could.” “Aw, but look at her.” Brendol chuckled out, earnestly endeared by her expression. “You seem too sweet to be tied up with this one, Rey. How did he ever manage to find an angel like you?” Hux leaned in slowly, setting his elbows onto his knees in the same position his brother had taken. This placed him inches away from his brother’s face, seething with an unchecked fury. This was the limit to Hux’s patience. “There you are.” Brendol whispered out, greeting an old friend. “Brendol, Hux says he needs your help. If that’s true, then we all need your help.” Rey had tried to play the sympathetic mediator role once more, but their years of competition, struggle, and failure were all waiting to be unleashed again, now that Hux faced his brother after all these years. Her sympathy would do nothing to change his mind. So instead, she tried a tougher approach. “The Admiral brought Snoke down from power, and he’s all but eliminated the reconditioning program. The men who follow him now are doing so because they believe in this cause, not because their brains have been turned to mush.” Hux’s brow furrowed. He didn’t recall telling her that much detail about the previous reconditioning programs effects on Stormtroopers, but he refrained from stopping her now that she was on a roll. “They deserve a chance to be safe too. If we don’t stop this war, everything’s just going to repeat itself. I don’t know how much you are aware of, here in your safe little corner of the galaxy - but the First Order destroyed an entire system. Unfathomable numbers of lives were lost, because of Snoke.” Hux met Kylo’s eyes for a moment, but refused to interrupt her there, either. “And the Resistance retaliated just as fiercely. They blew up that superweapon without regard to who was on it - and that cost us uncountable losses, as well. Those were people who died on that thing too. Families. Children. Neither side is innocent in this war and I just want it all to stop!” Now, catching the faint shudder of her body, Hux finally reached out with one arm and wrapped it around her waist to support her. She shivered at the touch, but eventually leaned in to it just enough to stop shaking. “I don’t want to be working for the First Order, but this is where I can do the most good. This is where I belong because it’s the right thing to do. If Hux says you can help stop this war, and you say no to him without even trying, then you’re a coward.” The word came out so sharp, so violent, it felt like a slap to the face. Brendol recoiled from its power, and then let her rage sink into his bones. She was determined, but naive. To hear it made him think of the power of reconditioning, and he wondered if Hux had put her under just to have a voice this fervent deliver this speech. But he could see her free will, shining vibrantly in her eyes. These were the words of innocence, but they were strong. And they were hers. “You say that like it’s a simple thing, but it’s not. ” Brendol’s voice pitched high as he pleaded with her. “I want to help, I really do - but you don’t know what you’re asking of me.” His fingers grasped at the edges of one side of his hair, tugging on it like a nervous tick. His face twisted and cringed as he fought with himself over the idea, trying to find the courage necessary to overcome whatever waking nightmares were keeping him from saying yes. “You said you’re trying to make an alliance. Is that really true? Why would you need me if you’re not trying to hurt someone?” “ Hurt someone?” Rey cried out, her voice overlaid with the sound of Hux’s warning hiss. “The only obstacle left in our way is Snoke.” Hux barked out, his voice sharper than ever. “He’s our target, and he’s already begun his play on regaining his control over the First Order. If I thought I could destroy him without your help, I wouldn’t be here. You know that.” Rey opened her mouth to interject. It felt urgent to find out exactly what Brendol meant by hurting someone - but when she was reminded of who, exactly, they were after, she shut her mouth into a pressed line. She would demand to know what Brendol was being tasked with, once he’d agreed to come back to the First Order with his brother. But until then, she was temporarily sated with the thought that the only person Hux wanted to hurt now, was Snoke. If anyone deserved it, it was Snoke. She simply didn’t like not knowing what it was. “And what happens after?” Brendol sighed out. Rey could see his shoulders sagging in defeat. “Am I sent back here? Am I free?” “Of course you’re free.” Rey piped up, answering a question she knew she wasn’t being asked. She gave Hux a warning glare, but he did not look unsettled. “You were always free, Brendol.” Hux reminded him, waving a hand brusquely around them. “You chose this place. If this is where you want to be, then so be it. Help us crush Snoke, and then be on your way.” Brendol let out a long, shaky breath. His eyes closed, and the room fell quiet as they allowed him time to consider. When his eyes opened again, they fell on Rey, and he was smiling. “You should let her talk more often, Xander. She’s got a good head on her shoulders. People will listen to her.” Rey puffed up slightly, her expression twisting with disgust. “Nobody lets me talk. I talk whenever I want to talk. And right now, I’m talking to you, so stop wasting our time and take this matter seriously.” As Hux slid back to recline on his chair, Kylo bent to one side and coughed, clearing his throat to hide the sudden urge to laugh that was threatening to bubble up inside of him. Hux had no such desire to hide his reaction, however; he leaned back and folded his arms in front of him, nodding gently in agreement to Rey’s quiet outburst. Brendol deserved her snark, after all - his tone had been a little too condescending. Rey had rendered Hux’s ire unnecessary. He couldn’t help but be pleased at this turn of events. “I take it your little job for me isn’t going to require physical infiltration. I think my face is a little too familiar for that to work anymore.” Rey sucked in a breath and bit the bottom of her lip, hiding the flush of delight that ran through her veins. He was considering it. “Data-mining, interrogation and long-range technical infiltration only. If I wanted a spy, I have plenty. I’m here to put your eyes to good use.” “I suppose it’s only fair. All his hard work turning me into more machine than man ended up hurting a lot of people. Maybe it’s about time I balance that out with some good.” Rey was the only one to react, but her brilliant smile was enough of a response for all three, and Brendol took a good look at the trio in front of him. They made such a mismatched set, the scowling brute and the grinning girl flanking his brother. He couldn’t make heads or tails of it. “Do I at least get to pilot?” Even Rey’s smile had to fade, because she knew just how much of a sore spot that kind of a request was. Surprisingly, Brendol saw his brother’s lips turn up instead. “Don’t be ridiculous. Get your things together. We leave before sundown.” Brendol launched himself suddenly from his seat and Rey watched in awe, a little surprised at just how thin the man really was. “Say, Rey! Have you ever met a Lahsbee?” “No.” Hux warned, but it was too late. Based on the expression that pinched Rey’s face, the damage had been done. “What’s a Lahsbee?” “No.” Hux repeated. He was summarily ignored. “You must have passed by hundreds of them coming here. They don’t like strangers, so they keep to themselves. Would you like to meet one? They’re harmless.” Hux turned to Kylo, breathing out an exasperated sigh. “Am I invisible? Do you hear me saying no? I hear me saying no.” Unfortunately for Hux, Kylo knew exactly what Lahsbee were; and he knew that there was no practical reason why Rey couldn’t meet them. This meant that Hux was outnumbered, three to one. He set his hand on Hux’s shoulder, and patted it hard twice. This was a fight the Admiral would not win, but he was clever about picking his battles. He wouldn’t push the issue, but neither would he be happy about it. Still, Kylo leaned in to whisper carefully into Hux’s ear after Brendol began to lead Rey back outside. “I’ll still knock him out for you if that’s easier.” He promised, slipping away to exit the building without another word. Hux was left alone, warring between stubborn annoyance and satisfaction at the image of him dragging Brendol through the brush and swamp by the leg. He liked that image very much. By the time he’d crouched down to get outside, Rey had already been introduced to a gaggle of the small, furry little creatures. She was overwhelmed by their constant foreign chatter and their small, reaching hands. The Lahsbee were a vaguely feline race, though their sentience was unquestionable. They were dressed in plain, rough clothing, and the tallest one barely reached Kylo Ren’s knee in height. Most of them cleverly stayed away from the dark Knight of Ren, sensing that he was not interested in getting to know them. The smallest, so young she toddled precariously with each step, was the only one who seemed determined to sit at Kylo’s feet and vy for his impossible attention. Rey sunk down to her knees and the Lahsbee closed in on her, reaching out to touch her hair and her skin and pluck at her clothes. They were attempting to communicate fervently with her, but she had no idea what any of them were saying. She simply nodded and smiled, laughing when one of them accidentally tickled her. Every so often, one of them would dare to come close enough to hug her, and she happily obliged. Within minutes, she was all but covered in the small creatures, barely visible under the crowd of them that had piled up to get a glimpse. “This was an awful idea.” Hux scoffed out, keeping his eye on what little of Rey he could still see and trying to ignore the sight of a tiny Lahsbee attempting to crawl up Kylo Ren’s unmoving leg. “They’ll become over-exerted. You’ll force a transition on them prematurely.” Rey peeked her head up from where two Lahsbee were combing out and braiding her hair. “What happens when they transition?” She asked. “These little devils turn into big, scary monsters. Don’t you, dear?” Brendol crooned at a Lahsbee in his arms, eliciting a string of laughs from the creature. “You see, these are all children. When they grow up, they really grow up . Their adult forms are unstable, violent brutes. They need to be kept separate from the younglings. So I’ve been watching over some of them until they transition. I call these my flock.” “The Lahsbee do not need you watching over them. They’ve been genetically independent from their adult counterparts for thousands of years. You just like them.” Hux was quick to stifle the sympathy Brendol was earning for his little project, before he tried to convince Rey that he was needed there instead. “They’re just children?” Rey murmured, looking at the pile of creatures laying on top of her with new eyes. Brendol smiled up at his brother, and Hux sincerely considered taking Kylo up on his offer. “The oldest is Kcheept, she’s due to enter adulthood any day now.” He pointed at one of the larger Lahsbee, who hadn’t bothered running to greet Rey. She stayed very safely, very carefully at the edge of her hut. “But as much as I don’t like to admit it, Hux is right. They know how to take care of themselves. They wouldn’t be so abundant if they didn’t.” Brendol pulled the Lahsbee down from his arms, and let it scamper away to jump on top of the giant pile. “They’re used to me, though. I wager at least a couple of the older ones are going to transition early from stress when I leave. Kcheept, certainly, at the very least.” Rey looked like she was hearing the worst news of all. “That’s dreadful,” She said, clutching one of the creatures a little closer. “Isn’t there anything we can do?” “There’s nothing to be done.” Brendol reached out, holding out both of his hands for her to take. When she did, he pulled her out of the growing pile, tumbling Lahsbee into one another as they scurried to fill the space she’d left behind. “This is what they are. How it’s always been. We’re all victims of our nature, in the end.” Kylo had finally decided to react to the Lahsbee against him, by leaning down and plucking the tiny thing off of his leg. He held it up at arm’s length by its belt, and Brendol laughed at the comical sight. “Some of us moreso than others.” Rey took notice of what he was laughing at, and moved to stand in front of Kylo, pushing his arm at its crook until it bent enough for tiny paws to reach for his shoulder. Once it latched on there was no helping it; the Lahsbee curled itself around Kylo’s neck and shoulder, nestling there until it was comfortable. Kylo rolled his eyes and turned them down to Rey, throwing her an exasperated look. “Was that really necessary?” He asked, his voice vibrating with a grumble that seemed to please the little creature against his neck. “She likes you.” Rey replied, reaching out to pet its head with gentle strokes. “It’s not the worst thing in the world.” Kylo watched Rey, instead of the creature she was fondly petting with affection. He felt it warming against the crook of his neck, and he was reminded suddenly of that secret, fulfilling peace he found on the rare nights when Rey accidentally fell asleep in his arms. He could tolerate the presence of the Lahsbee, if it meant he could submerge himself within even just the echo of that memory for a little while longer. She was right. It was not the worst thing, after all. It took too long to get Brendol to focus on gathering his belongings, and even longer trying to tear him away from the Lahsbee. They seemed to each want to say goodbye individually, but that would have taken days, at the very least, and the suns had already dipped far past the horizon by the time he’d finally started boarding the ship. To his credit, Hux had found patience the likes of which Rey had never seen before, though she’d attempted to help as much as possible with distraction. She’d even showed him the work she’d completed on Kylo’s arm, proud of the mismatched wiring and crude patchwork mechanics. It wasn’t pretty, and he’d still need to get it replaced when they returned, but it was responding again and the sparks had stopped. With what little she’d had to work with, she was quite proud. He’d made sure to let her know that he felt the same. The ramp began to close even as Brendol stood on it, forcing him to walk faster until he was all but standing in a much too crowded cockpit. Rey and Hux were already in their seats, and Kylo took his place standing right behind Rey. Brendol hadn’t even been given a chance to take control of the ship, be it for a joke, or not. “This is an Admiral’s ship?” He scoffed out instead, eyeing the closed quarters critically. “You think a fleet as big as the First Order could have afforded to give you something a little better.” Hux sucked in a long inhale through his nose, and let it out through his mouth. He sought to find some semblance of peace, despite his brother’s attempts to rile him up again. “I think it’s a wonderful ship.” Rey piped up, peeking out from the side of her chair. “It’s saved my life three times now. There’s no better ship in the galaxy.” Brendol frowned down at her, finally feeling the first tingles of frustration over the girl for consistently finding just the right thing to say to keep his brother from tipping over the edge and losing his temper. This had been his favorite pastime, after all. She was beginning to spoil his hopes of ever making it happen. When he turned to look at the man beside him, he found Kylo glaring at him with murderous contempt. He had already assumed Kylo was loyal to his brother, but that felt a little unnecessary. And unsettling. More than a little unsettling. “I did mention Kylo Ren’s strength in the Force earlier, didn’t I?” Hux had been watching his brother’s paling reaction to the look Kylo was giving him, and found himself in much better spirits when he casually spoke over his shoulder. “You remember that includes reading minds, don’t you? Of course you do.” Brendol had known that, in fact. At this moment in particular, however, he’d forgotten the distant correlation between his knowledge of the Force, and Snoke’s old apprentice. This explained Kylo’s expression perfectly, as well as the unsettling feeling that his life was currently in danger. He tore his attention away, but he was painfully aware that Kylo continued to glare at him regardless for the entire rest of the trip home. Brendol had to give credit to Hux’s new companions for one thing, at the very least. They were both unsettlingly persistent. Notes: So check this out. Because this chapter was like, A THING, and it has such a backstory all on its own. So the first draft of this chapter was written DURING NANO. It was part of my nanowrimo win but as soon as November was over I really hated what I'd written. It felt so wrong. So I scrapped it and re-wrote the entire chapter all over again. It was completely different. BRENDOL was completely different. And after a few days I realized I DIDN'T LIKE THAT ONE EITHER. So I had to leave for a trip to Disney, and then I got sick, and then late December rolled around and I was sitting on drafts of a chapter I didn't feel I'd written yet - so sure enough when I got over my sickness, I re-wrote the entire chapter. A third time. So that was fun. I'm sorry for the wait, everybody! Brendol's important and I really had to make sure I got him just right. I hope you enjoy it, and hey, I updated for Christmas. It's my gift to you! Thank you so much to brittlelimbs and satan-in-purple for betaing this for me, (as in, all three versions) they are a VERY BIG DEAL TO ME and I owe them EVERYTHING! Before I head off for that one last sleep 'til Christmas let me share this ABSOLUTELY STUNNING PIECE OF ARTWORK I managed to commission from nemling, I feel really blessed! Here is the Kylo punches an X-Wing scene from Chapter 35. It seemed like a fan favorite (it was my favorite, too.) Guys, I hope you are having a REALLY good holiday, and if you're not, I want you to know that I'm thinking of you, and I'm wishing the best for you - even if the best means time passing quicker so you can get back to where you're comfortable! Notes: Follow me on Tumblr at every-day-is-star-wars-day.tumblr.com for updates (or complete nonsense), or reysabadass.tumblr.com if you want to ask Rey in-character questions.