It feels entirely natural to volunteer to be Finn's helper when the young man wakes up, confused and disorientated, and two weeks older than he remembers being. “You've been out about a fortnight, buddy. Rey's fine. She's gone with Chewbacca in the Millennium to find Luke. Last I heard they'd touched down, safe and sound.” Poe gently squeezes Finn's hand between his own. “You're gonna feels pretty weak for a while, alright? Like I said, you've been out a fortnight. Ren missed your spine, so there's nothing too major to worry about. I'm gonna help you through this, buddy. You're gonna be fine.” Finn nods, his eyes tightly closed and the muscles in his jaw jumping under his skin. He looks like he's fighting something invisible, and for a sick second Poe remembers the feel of Kylo Ren manipulating the very space and air around him, bending his mind and limbs against his own will. He's not sure Finn's aware he's crying, tears tracking down his dark skin, until the former Stormtrooper inhales a ragged gasp. Poe moves before he can think it through, running on instinct and empathy. He half clambers onto the medic bed and slides an arm under Finn's shoulders, tugging him into a tight embrace. “Hey. Hey. Buddy, it's alright. You're alright. You did great. You're doing great, buddy. You're gonna be just fine – everything's gonna be just fine. I'm gonna help you through this. You're my buddy, Finn, you saved my life. You're a good man. Alright?” Poe keeps his voice soft and low. When Finn nods against his chest and brings his hand up to cling to Poe's upper arm, relief floods him. Finn's here, and he's listening. “Sometimes you just need a good cry, buddy. Nothing wrong with it.” Finn chokes something out, muffled and inaudible. Poe lets his other hand settle on Finn's back, rubbing soothing circles. “Didn't catch that,” he says gently. “Not allowed,” Finn finally gasps. “In the Order. Not allowed. This.” Poe's heart clenches in his chest. “Well, this ain't the First Order, buddy. This is you and me. This is definitely allowed, alright?” Finn nods against his chest, and Poe doesn't pull back until hours later. Not until Finn's drifted off, exhausted, but calm. He's gonna help him through this. Chapter 2 Poe classes himself as a touchy-feely kind of guy, but Finn is tactile to a point where it's almost overwhelming. Then Poe thinks maybe this is another one of the hundreds of things Finn wasn't allowed to do in the First Order, and makes an effort to match each hopeful touch with one of his own. Finn's still recovering in the medical bay, healing and resting, confined to his bed and only allowed out with medical personnel to help him regain his strength, but that doesn't mean Poe can't grip his hands or pat his knees or shoulders. He visits every single day, often leaving only to eat or shower. With Starkiller destroyed, the Resistance is playing the waiting game, every ear and eye searching for more information, for the next target. For pilots like Poe, it means a break. So he spends it by Finn's side. Besides, there's a glimmer of desperation in the man's eyes whenever Poe has to leave. He loses count of how many times he falls asleep in the plastic chair next to Finn's bed, both his hands grasping one of Finn's own and his body half slumped over the bed as they sleep. He wakes up with an ache in his back, but the disbelieving smile on Finn's face every time he sees he's not alone is worth it. The first night they take Finn off the painkillers, around a week after he regains conciousness, Poe is woken not by movement, but by the abject lack of it. He blinks, pushing himself up to sit, and rubs at his eyes. The soft, blue glow from the night lights makes everything look like they're lost underwater, but Finn's skin gleams with sweat. He's so still that for a moment Poe's convinced he's not breathing. Finn's whole body is shaking, his jaw and fists clenched. His nostrils flare and he sucks in a sharp, ragged breath through his teeth, and Poe realises Finn's having a nightmare. “Buddy,” he whispers, gently covering one of Finn's hands with his own. He's shaking like some great, ancient engine, his muscles bunched and quaking with power – but once more Poe's reminded of invisible choke holds, of the space between atoms solidifying into agony, of fingers and claws in his mind. “Hey. Hey, Finn. Finn, buddy,” he tries again, his voice a little louder. He places one of his hands flat on Finn's chest and is almost thrown from the chair as Finn lunges with a hoarse shout, his eyes suddenly wide and his fingers grabbing at Poe's arms. It takes everything in him not to yelp in fright, heart slamming against his ribs. Instead, Poe smiles and brings his hand up to gently cup the back of Finn's head. “Hey. Buddy. It's me. It's Poe. Are you with me, Finn? You here with me, buddy?” He keeps his voice as low and gentle as possible, feels the grip of Finn's fingers slowly relax as his friend hauls in breath after breath, chest heaving and body still shaking violently. “Phasma,” he chokes out, voice wrecked. “Phasma-- … General-- … Not... Please, not the-- … I don't-- ...” “Finn. Finn, hey. Buddy. Hey,” Poe tries again, moving his hands to cup Finn's cheeks. Finn looks up at him. It's the same face of the Stormtrooper deciding to go against everything he's ever known, because it's the right thing to do. There's terror, and sweat, disbelief... And the tinge of hope that makes Poe's heart swell in his chest. He smiles wider, nodding his head. “Hey. It's me, buddy. You're alright. It was just a nightmare, buddy.” “In my head,” Finn gasps. “In my head. Phasma-- … I saw her, in my head,” he repeats, his hands mimicking Poe's. Finn's grip is too tight, like he's clinging to Poe's face, and his palms are sweat-sticky. He doesn't care. The look in Finn's eyes hasn't shifted, and he can see the beginnings of tears gathering in the edges. “A memory, but now, it happened now,” Finn continues, urgency and fear in his voice. “Poe – it's a vision. It's a vision, she's-- … It's the Force. It's telling me-- ...” he breaks off again, clamping his eyes and jaw shut. “Alright,” Poe says slowly. He's pretty sure that's not how the Force works, but he's more concerned with calming Finn down than arguing theory. “Alright. Come on, move over. Like that,” he nods, helping Finn shift to one side of the bed so he can climb in, too. He quickly kicks off his boots and slides an arm around Finn's shoulders, pulling him forwards. Finn wraps his arm around Poe's waist and presses close, still shivering and panting for breath. His shirt is soaked through with sweat as Poe rubs soothing circles across his back. “Alright,” he repeats. “Tell me what happened, buddy.” “I was in... I was in Starkiller again...” There's confusion and hesitation in Finn's voice, but Poe doesn't interrupt. He just keeps running his hands in circles over Finn's back. “It was Starkiller... But I... They took my armour, and they put me in the chair, the same one you-- ... The one you were in, Ren's one, but I was in the main control room, and there were so many troopers there, to watch, and Phasma, she-- ...” His voice cracks, and Finn's whole body arches in a sob. Despite Finn being two hundreds pounds of pure muscle, Poe rolls them so he's on his back, Finn draped over him like a blanket. He wraps both his arms around the man, holding him close and humming out what he hopes is a calming noise. Finn presses his face into Poe's neck and shoulder. The other is hot, slick, and sticky, and Poe can feel tears trickling down his skin. It's uncomfortable and itchy, but he's not going to do anything that makes Finn feel like he's doing something wrong. “Yeah? What then, buddy?” he whispers, trying not to twitch as Finn snuffles against his neck. “Then she... She was going to... She was going to re-condition me, in front of them all, she...” Finn trails off, and then suddenly pushes himself up. His face is inches above Poe's, and its wrecked. His heart aches for Finn, and he brings his hand up, grabbing a few tissues from the box on the table beside the bed. He gently starts to wipe the sweat and tears from Finn's features, watching as the other closes his eyes and slumps a little. “Buddy... Buddy, listen. I'm not saying it's not a Force vision, alright? But I think it was probably just a nightmare. Starkiller was destroyed. They can't rebuild it, pal, not like they did. And Phasma's not going to, uh, re-condition you.” “You don't know the First Order like I do,” Finn breathes, and Poe sees the ache to flee in his eyes. “I know, I know,” he nods, passing the tissues over Finn's forehead and down his nose. “I don't, buddy, you're right. But I know a thing or two about nightmares, and a little about the Force.” Finn shakes his head, but his breathing has calmed down. “Night-Nightmares, nightmares, what's this nightmares?” he hisses, pushing himself to rest on one arm and scrubbing at his face with the heel of his palm. Poe blinks, dropping the tissue onto the floor and slowly sits up, keeping one hand on Finn. “Nightmares. Bad dreams.” Rather than looking comforted, Finn just looks more confused. Poe rubs his hand gently over Finn's arm. “You can't--... You can't have a bad dream,” Finn says, flopping over onto his back. “A dream is something you want. Something you want to be like.” “Yeah,” Poe agrees, rolling onto his side and letting his hand lay on Finn's chest. His heart-rate is slower, and his breathing isn't as ragged – but there's still a hitch on every inhale. “But I mean... When you sleep. Those dreams.” Finn just stares at him, and things start to click in place. “… Hold up, buddy. Are you saying that... You don't dream? You don't have dreams? When you sleep,” he explains as Finn just stares at him. “When you sleep, and you... See things.” “Uhh... No,” Finn says, slowly. “No, that. That's not a thing. Is that a thing?” Suddenly he looks like a child, wide-eyed and vulnerable. Poe slowly exhales. “I heard,” he says gently, “that Stormtroopers are given a whole cocktail of stuff. Suppressors, muscle-growth stuff. All kinds. We did some tests on a few bodies, way back, and there was stuff in them we'd never even seen. You ever given anything like that, buddy? Pills, or special drinks, or--.” “Medicine,” agrees Finn, nodding his head. “Yeah, medicine, every morning.” “Right,” Poe nods. “Right. So, maybe some of that medicine made it so you couldn't dream.” It would make sense. The stuff the First Order does, the way it takes kids and trains them into ruthless killing machines, the way it strips the soul and heart from them all - except Finn - means sleeping drugs to stop dreams and nightmares would be just another tool in its arsenal. Finn blinks up at the ceiling. Then he slowly covers Poe's hand with his own, closes his eyes, and exhales. All the tension and fight goes out of him. “I never knew what was in that stuff,” he whispers. "I never knew you could see things like that, in your sleep." “Not all dreams are good, buddy. But some are – and you're gonna have a whole lotta fun with them. Stuff you can't even imagine.” He grins, gently shaking Finn's hand, wrapping his fingers around the other man's own. Finn ducks his head in a nod, opening his eyes again and looking over to Poe. That devastating openness is written all over his face again. “... I don't want another nightmare, Poe,” he murmurs. “I know, buddy. But I'll be here if it happens again, alright? I'll be here.” Finn squeezes his hand tight. “Promise?” “I promise.” When Poe wakes up the next morning, Finn is a tangle of limbs in his arms. He's breathing is calm and slow, and Poe doesn't have the heart to wake him. Not yet. Not while he might be dreaming. Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The move from the medical bay is pretty seamless, despite Poe's fears of difficulty finding Finn a space within the Resistance. General Organa herself comes to congratulate Finn on his recovery, and to formally welcome him to the rebellion. She gives him his badge, a new set of civvies, a pair of boots, and a document, laminated between pale blue plastic. Poe, sitting beside Finn on the medical bed, leans over to read along as Finn does. It's a citizenship document, giving Finn a home system, a home planet of D'Qar, and all the benefits that come with it. “Just until we find out your system of birth,” says the general softly, and Poe realises Finn's knuckles are pale on the paper, his jaw clenched shut, and his eyes wet. Poe immediately slings his arm around his buddy's shoulders and pulls him close. The look is one he's seen a couple of times, now. It's face of someone remembering he's a person, and that the people here care about him. The first time Jess visited and brought him a bowl of fruits and sweets – for the man who'd saved her friend's life, she'd said – Finn had cried wordlessly for a good few minutes before he could thank her. It was the first time someone had specifically brought a gift for him. A strange flash of jealously had reared its head in Poe's chest, and he'd kicked himself for not realising, and for not doing it before Jess. If he'd then brought random, little gifts almost every day after that, well. Finn just accepted each one joyfully. “You alright, buddy?” he murmurs as Finn's breath hitches and he ducks his head. “You know, I said they should make your home planet Jakku,” Poe adds in a stage-whisper. He's only joking, he had no idea General Organa was going to do this, but it drags a choked laugh out of Finn, and he grins as the other man pushes gently at his chest. “Man, I'd have sent you back there myself. Jakku,” Finn snorts, shaking his head and inhaling sharply. Poe watches as his friend composes himself, drawing his spine up and pushing his shoulders down to look the general square in the eyes. “Thank you. It's an honour.” “It's an honour to have such a fine young man like yourself join us,” smiles General Organa, taking one of Finn's hands between her own. “We're very happy to have you among us, and to call you part of our family. You are so very welcome here.” Poe doesn't know how she does it – maybe it's the Force, or something – but she's saying every single damn thing he knows Finn needs to hear. The same things he's been saying since Finn woke up, the same things he's still not totally convinced Finn believes yet. He can feel the tremble in Finn's muscles underneath his arm, and though his hand is big between General Organa's smaller ones, he's the one clinging to her. “Thank you,” Finn breathes, all trembling sincerity. “I-- … Yeah. Thank you. Yes. I won't let you down.” General Organa smiles again, her features lifting. For a moment she is neither the steel-like General leading a rebellion spanning galaxies, nor the grieving wife, mired in loss and death. Instead she is a mother, nothing but kindness and warmth in her beautiful eyes. “I know, Finn.” She says it with such sincerity, such profound belief, that Poe can see the final shadows of doubt flee from the crevasses of Finn's expression. He tightens his grip on his friend's shoulders, grin still firmly in place. General Organa steps back, clasping her hands behind her. There is still a lingering warmth to her features, but the mental cloak of a leader has slipped back onto her shoulders. “We've prepared a room for you in the pilot's base, regardless as to whatever you decide you'd like to do on base. Falcon block, room 23. I trust Poe will see you safely there, and continue to help you acclimatise to life outside the medical bay.” “Of course,” Poe says quickly, sliding his hand to rest on the small of Finn's back – mindful of the still healing scar. It's been a month now since Finn woke up, and his skin is mostly healed up. Tender, but bearable. “Don't hesitate to find me if you need anything,” she continues, shooting them both a warm look before she leaves the room, already discussing missions and supplies before she's out the door. Finn exhales slowly, looking down at his document again. “She's amazing. She's amazing,” he murmurs. Poe grins, pushing himself to stand and squeezing Finn's shoulder. “She really is, buddy. Come on. Let's go see your room.” “Yeah,” beams Finn, standing and stretching, clutching his new clothes, boots, and paperwork to his chest. For a moment Poe is almost overwhelmed by pride. To see Finn go from the terrified, giddy Stormtrooper to this, well. It's an honour. Notes: Thank you so much to everyone who leaves a comment or kudos! They mean so much to me! Please check me out on Tumblr! Chapter 4 Notes: It's probably a crime to love these two so much. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Finn's room is identical to every other one on Falcon block, but the man stands in the middle with his hands on his hips and a smile that could melt ice planets stretched wide across his handsome face. “This is my room. This is my room?” “All yours, buddy. Your bed, your desk, your wardrobe, your shelves, your chaie. You can do whatever you want with them, save breaking them, of course.” Poe crosses his arms, trying not to grin too wide as Finn laughs and flops down onto the bed, on his belly. He pushes himself up a second later, looking around once more. “Wait. Where do you sleep?” “Oh, I'm just across the corridor,” Poe smiles, jabbing his thumb over his shoulder. He moves to sit next to Finn on he bed, reaching out to clap his friend's uninjured shoulder. “Room thirty four. You're welcome any time. If the door's locked, I'm not there.” “Right. Yeah. Right,” Finn nods. “You've got your own room. You sleep alone in your own room, yeah, of course.” Oh. Poe's chest tightens. He knows Finn grew up in weird, barrack type things; one hundred to a room but each bunk a capsule in the wall – the only place where they could remove the mask they were forced to wear when not in armour. Spaces just big enough to lay down in, without lights to disrupt the darkness. “Hey. You might find you like sleeping alone in your own room, buddy. Bit of privacy, some time and space to yourself.” Finn's gaze is mournful, and badly disguised as acceptance. “But,” Poe continues, “if you don't like it, my door is always open to you. Alright?” At least until Finn is used to sleeping by himself. “Okay. Thanks. It'll be fine! It'll definitely be fine. What's your room again? Thirty two?” “Thirty four,” Poe replies. “Why don't I show you it, huh?” “Yeah!” Finn brightens immediately, using Poe's knee as leverage to push himself up. His hand is wide and warm through the material of Poe's trousers. Poe can't help but smile up at the change in his friend. When he's happy, Finn lights up on the inside, like suns breaking through banks of cloud. “Alright, then. Do you wanna change into your new clothes first?” asks Poe, gesturing to the plain medical scrubs Finn's still wearing. The man looks down at himself, brushing his palms down his torso. “Oh, yeah,” he nods, picking up the bundle of clothing from where he'd dropped it onto the desk. The laminated piece of paper flutters from the pile onto the metal surface. Finn hesitates, lifting up the document of citizenship and inspecting it, looking almost lost. Then he sets it proudly on shelf, propped up like a display. Poe watches wonder flutter over Finn's features before he nods to himself and tugs the medical bay t-shirt off. Despite having spent the vast majority of the last two weeks at Finn's side, Poe hasn't really seen the healed scar. Now it's all he can see. It sweeps up from the base of Finn's spine, along the lean muscles of his back, finishing in the middle of his shoulder. The skin is raised, darker than the rest, but the light seems to catch and leap from it. It looks like lightning, or ice. The urge to touch, to soothe somehow, all but overwhelms Poe for a moment. Then Finn tugs his new shirt over his body, and the light blue material hides the scar. He looks away as Finn drops his trousers, giving the man a little privacy – even if Finn doesn't seem to need it. When he hears the clap of boots against the floor, he looks over to his friend again. Finn is grinning, hands splayed on his belly as he looks down at himself. The shirt fits him perfectly, as do the trousers, and Poe has a sneaking suspicion a couple of medic droids might have taken some measurements on General Organa's request. “Looking good, buddy,” he grins, standing up and clapping Finn on his uninjured shoulder, squeezing gently. “Come on. You've got your keys?” “Right here,” Finn nods, pulling them out with a jangle. “Lead on.” Poe does, shepherding Finn out of the room and down the corridor, all the way to room thirty four. There's a poster of some older spaceships on the door, the edges tattered and the paper stained with spots of engine oil. “Can't miss it,” Poe laughs, tapping the poster and unlocking his own door, flicking the lights on and stepping in. It's a mess, but it's not dirty. Clutter, not garbage. “This is your room? All of this is yours?” Finn asks, gingerly stepping in behind Poe and closing the door. “Yup. Jess says I'm a hoarder, but I prefer the term collector,” he laughs sheepishly. There's floorspace, but one of his cupboard doors won't close because of all the stuff in it, and his shelves and desk are overrun with bits and pieces. It looks like home to him, but as he tries to imagine it through Finn's eyes, he's suddenly a bit embarrassed. “A hoarder?” Finn echoes, clasping his hands behind his back. “Someone who keeps too much stuff and can't throw it out,” Poe explains. “You can touch, you're not going to break anything. Not without some effort. And I can throw stuff out, by the way, I just don't want to throw this stuff out.” Finn laughs and relaxes by degrees. He reaches out curiously, picking up a fragment of the internal workings of a crashed First Order TIE fighter, turning it over and over in his broad hands. “I thought I could fix it up. Well, not fix it, but work it out. Maybe put it into something,” Poe explains as Finn turns a few of the tiny gears. “Rey,” he says in answer. Poe blinks. “Rey,” Finn repeats, lips twitching into a smile. “You should show Rey. She's great. She's great at stuff like this – she did all this crazy stuff to the Falcon when we were escaping Jakku, and then with Solo-- ...” Finn cuts off suddenly, his hands stilling and his face falling. Poe knows the look of grief all too well. He gently takes the chunk of metal from Finn's hands, letting his fingers cover the backs of Finn's own. “I'm excited to get to know her, buddy. Maybe she can help me work some of this stuff out – teach an old dog a few new tricks. I'm a dab hand with a wrench and a ship, but you said Rey's been dismantling them for years, right? I'm sure she knows a hell of a lot that I don't.” Finn's smile is watery and tired, and Poe has to remind himself that while he might've been the one to escape the First Order with Finn before anyone else, he was nothing but a passing comet in the beginning of Finn's life outside the First Order. Rey and Han were steady moons. They became family before Poe did. There's nothing wrong with that. He's here now, and he knows he's just as important in Finn's mind as Rey is, and Han was. Finn's allowed to mourn their absence in his life, even if Poe's with him almost constantly. “There's nothing wrong with missing them,” he says, pitching his voice low and sliding his hands to hold Finn's upper arms. He's not expecting to be pulled into a tight hug, but he immediately wraps his arms around his friend – always careful of the scar – and squeezes him tight. “She'll be back before you know it, buddy. You guys are gonna have so much to talk about.” “Yeah. Yeah,” Finn breathes, clinging to him for a long moment. He pulls back, a determined look on his face. “Show me your stuff?” “Huh? You mean this stuff?” Poe asks with a gesture to all his clutter, Finn's hands warm on his shoulders. Finn nods, letting go to pick up another bit of machinery – this one a droid's inner workings. “Yeah. What is this? I never did the electrical stuff on the base. Just sanitation and plumbing, and grunt work. And Trooper training,” he adds, bending one of the wires between his fingers. "I'll show you," Poe smiles, clearing a flight suit and helmet from his chair and motioning for Finn to sit. He drags over a crate, using it as a stool so he can sit beside the other man. “These are the bits that connect a droid's AI chips to its motor functions,” he begins, showing the clips and brackets to Finn, his friend nodding along with a look of genuine interest on his face. Warmth stirs in Poe's heart, and when his knee brushes against Finn's own, he doesn't move away. Notes: Come see me on Tumblr! Enjoyed this fic and want to leave a little 'tip', somehow?