“Say it.” The man below him spit blood on the ground. He turned off the safety on his blaster before putting the nozzle to the man’s forehead. “Say it.” “You're a savage.” Hux hummed. “That's an answer, but not the one I'm looking for. I'm looking for two words, four syllables. It's not that hard.” “A savage and a maniac. There is no place for people like you here! Not anywhere! You were as good as dead as soon as you stepped on our soil. You should’ve crawled to the deepest reaches of the galaxy to hide when you had the chance!” Hux didn't even blink. The man had zero self preservation. He pressed the nozzle deeper into the man’s forehead. “Who's the one on his knees with a blaster aimed at his head, here? I know you're an idiot, but even you should be able to figure this one out.” The man grimaced at the pressure of the blaster, heart beating at the pace of a rabbit. “Go to hell!” The man’s pride held even in the face of death. Hux was almost impressed. “Two words. Let me spell them out for you. ‘ I surrender ’. It’s a matter of life and death for you. Don't be a fool.” “You're an animal.” Hux sighed, irritated. He switched on the safety of his blaster before clipping it to his belt. He rolled up the sleeves of his white dress shirt. It was white for one purpose only. The man by his feet stared at him in a confused daze. “I'm disappointed,” he said as he pulled up a slim case from his back pocket. “Your men proved to be very skilled.” He opened the lid, revealing a pair of unorthodox brass knuckles. They were both adorned with four spikes that were sharp enough to cut you if you as much as grazed the tips. “You've proven yourself to have a sharp tactical mind. I greatly enjoyed the challenge.” On both sides of the knuckles were curved blades, about four centimetres long. The knuckles were spotless, since Hux liked to sit down and clean them after use. He found it calming. He closed the case and put it back in his pocket. Then he made a show of putting the knuckles on as slowly and carefully as possible. The man swallowed loudly, adam’s apple bobbing. He practically reeked of fear now, but still he didn’t give in. He would’ve made a good ally. “I wish you had surrendered,” he said in complete honesty. His face could almost be classified as a pout. The man at his feet was taken aback, visibly surprised by Hux’s change in demeanor. Hux chose that moment to pull his right hand back and quick as a viper he lashed out and struck. It landed on his cheek, tearing the flesh and the bottom of his eye. The man roared in agony, but Hux continued to strike again and again. He landed strong blows in rapid succession, but the screaming ended only a short while after he begun, too quick for his liking. Nevertheless he continued to strike at the man’s face where it now rested on the ground. Blood and other substances pooled on the floor beneath them and splattered across Hux’s entire upper body, painting constellations of crimson on his skin and his shirt. When he finally felt finished, you couldn’t tell that there had ever been a face to begin with. Hux calmly evened his breathing and took off the brass knuckles. He raked a hand through his hands to get the loose strands in order, making his hair even redder than it already was. He walked up to the miniscule comcenter next to the door and put in a quick message to get a cleanup crew to his location as soon as possible. He didn’t stick around to wait for their arrival. ------------------------------------------------ Ren was waiting for him when he got back to their rooms. His long limbs were sprawled across a black chaise, a PAD in his hand. He looked up from it when Hux entered and put it down on the table before him. “I assume that he wasn’t feeling cooperative, then?” He said, an eyebrow raised. Hux huffed, putting the knuckles down on the table. “Never assume,” he said, unbuttoning his shirt. “But yes, you are correct. It is of no consequence. His territory and business deals as well as his wares are now fully accessible to anyone with a network capable of handling them. And since he was our last competition on this miserable dustball, that means us. We have taken the planet in all the ways that count.” He threw his shirt on the floor, draping himself across Ren’s lap and the back of the chaise, his right arm resting on top of it. Ren idly began to gently stroke his fingers over the muscles in Hux’s arms, so different now to the slim figure he’d had the entire time that he’d known him before leaving the slim muscles. Now Hux was much more similar to Ren in his build, with toned arms and a strong chest. Even his stomach had began to show his increasing strength with well defined ridges. Ren moved his hand to brush his fingers across the scarce trail of red hair that went from his navel and below his waistband. He loved the way Hux looked like this. Refined and intelligent, strong and speckled with the blood of someone weaker. “What now? He asked. Hux smiled. It looked feral. “We take the whole system,” he replied. “And then?” “And then the system after that, and the system after that. All the way until there are no more places for us to take.” Ren leaned forward, his lips not quite touching Hux’s. “And then?” His voice was almost a murmur. Ren felt the corners of Hux’s mouth curl into a smile. “ Then we do whatever the fuck we want ,” he whispered, closing the space between them. Notes: Sorry if this feels disorienting. I'm currently uncertain if I should make a series out of this "Kylo and Hux becomes mob bosses after Starkiller is destroyed" idea I have going, since I'm still new to fanfiction. If I DO decide to make this into a demon of plot, this can be considered a prologue of sorts. But for now, regard it as a one-shot, and please tell me if you'd like me to make this a thing.