Wanna be my girl frien? Red and blue lightsabers collided against eachother as Rey and Kylo Ren stared at eachother's eyes until Kylo said "Hey Rey,roses are red violets are blue wanna be my girl frien?" Rey blinked in surprise before saying "What and why didn't you say the D?" Kylo smirked before winking "You will get that later." Since then Rey had avoided kylo's fights. I'm sorry for these cringing pickup lines.... Chapter 2 : Breathing Rey was climbing to a rocky ruin with Kylo following her who looked very bored. Rey was breathing heavily as she struggled to climb up to the entrance of the ruin as Kylo yawned boredly while glancing at Rey who was breathing faster. Smirking he said "Hey Rey!" Rey turned to look at Kylo as he said "you have trouble breathing right?" Rey slowly nodded not knowing that the next words would make her climb as fast away from the man. "I can make you breathe harder than Darth Vader!" Rey choked and slowly turned to look at Kylo before scrambling quickly towards the ruin. Omg btw that pickup line is from the internet! Chapter 3 : I can teach you the wat of the force Rey was meditating in the room when she felt Kylo Ren's presence through the force before he spoke in her head. "Rey I can be your teacher and show you the way of the force..." Rey snorted before saying "I have you know that Master Luke is a great teacher." Kylo said slyly "I can teach you more than the force." Rey quickly blocked out Kylo Ren's thoughts as he said out loud "She loves my pickup lines!" Hux who was nearby quickly took a turn and walked the other direction. I have no words....I'm so shamed for this....XD Chapter 4 : Kylo Ren's temper Rey was talking to Finn and Poe when Rey was given a postcard. Blinking she opened it and read " I would throw a tantrum over you! Love your fan Kylo Ren. Ps: Still don't want me as a teacher instead of Luke downwalker ?" Rey sighed as Poe and Finn laughed. Pickup line from internet. Chapter 5 : The roses are red and sht pickup line Rey was busy eating her food when a message of a hologram signal came in. Sighing hoping it wasn't who she think it was-but she was wrong. Kylo Ren appeared in the hologram as he held a paper before speaking "Darth Maul is red and Yoda is green you activated my lightsaber if you know what I mean." Rey spat out her food before closing the hologram. Since that time Rey had refused to answers any hologram messages. Pickup line from internet. Chapter 6 : At the jedi temple Rey was traveling to the jedi temple before she stopped in front of Kylo Ren who stood in her way to her destination. "Rey!Why you never answer my holograms?!" spoke Kylo Ren as Rey turned the other way before he said "I have one more pickup line!Actually...two." Rey gave Kylo her attention as he spoke "Rey you are a 9 and I'm the 1 for you!" Rey face-palmed herself as Kylo continued "you must be the speed of light because time stops when I look at you." Rey sighed before saying "FINE!I will play with your stupid awkward pickup lines to show you I'm better at them than you." Kylo Ren snorted "Rey,my pickup lines are purrrect!" Chapter 7 : Force Kylo Ren was asleep when his hologram beeped.Annoyed at being awoken he used the force to turn it on.Rey's voice spoke making the dark side user awake in a second as he listened. Rey coughed before saying "Kylo Ren here is my best pickup line!R4 is red and R2 is blue if I was the force then I would be with you." Kylo'a eyes widen before he whispered "You Rey senpai have noticed me!!!" Rey grew red in the face before quickly disconnecting the hologram. Kylo started to laugh happily alarming the stormtroopers who guarded the corridors. Pickup from internet. Chapter 8 : Can you feel the force tonight? Ft Poe and Finn Rey and Kylo Ren were arguing loudly which attracted two friends of Rey who peeked into the bushes. Before they knew it both force users slashed their lightsaber at eachtother which made Finn sob. Confused Poe turned to his friend before saying "Wah?Finn why are you crying?" Finn started to sing "I can see what's happing and they don't have a clue.They'll fall in love and here's the bottom line!Our trio's down to two!!" Poe blinked at his friend confused "what? "Fi nn ignored him and instead grabbed Poe's head to face the two fighting force users. "The sweet caress of twilight.There's magic everywhere and all this romantic atmosphere DISASTER'S IN THE AIRRR!CAN YOU FEEL THE FORCE TONIGHT!!!THE PEACE THE EVENING BRINGSSSSS.THE WORLD FOR ONCE IN PERFECT HARMONYYY WITH ALL ITS LIVING THINGS!!!!!" Finn was now screaming at the top of his lungs that Kylo and Rey stopped slashing lightsabers at eachtother and saw Poe and Finn with their heads out of the bushes. Both force users said nothing and just walked away from each other as Finn continued his song with Poe awkwardly standing next to him. song from Lion king. Chapter 9 : Hux's terrible(I mean it) advice about pickup lines Hux had never seen Kylo Ren so quiet and contracted as right now. Kylo was so focused in his mind that Hux could have easily go to Darth Vader's helmet and draw a huge dick on it with the words "you're a little bitch Kylo!"-not that he actually planned on doing that .... As Kylo was pondering so very hard Hux decided to ask what he was thinking about. "Kylo why are you so in thought?" The general asked. Kylo turned around facing him with his helmet on "I'm thinking of new pickup lines for Rey..." Hux rose a eyebrow before saying proudly " I know a great pickup line!" Kylo stared at him sliently wishing for Hux to continue "roses are red violets are blue I thought Snoke was ugly but then I saw you!" Kylo stayed slient as Hux smirked at himself "Great pickup line right Kylo?!" Kylo slowly stood up and walked away from Hux " I have a mission..." Hux nodded before he realized "HEY IT'S FREAKING 2AM!"