Hux sighed, tugging at his collar. The pet store smelled of sawdust, dog food, and kitty litter, and the bubblegum chart hits blaring out from the tinny speakers did nothing to lessen his discomfort. Even his clothes were uncomfortable; the shirt was seventy percent orange and green polyester and thirty percent crap, sewed together with cheap cotton and topped off with a label that poked into the back of his neck. He'd pinned his name tag opposite the small bubble-written logo for Pawsome Pals - Hello, my name is: Hux . He sighed, running a hand through his hair as the buzzer sounded and a mom walked in with her teenage son. Dammit! Mikata had snatched the gig on the cruise ship and he'd ended up in some superstore in the middle of a retail park. He groaned, stretching as he looked at the clock. This was gonna be a long day. * "Maisie, sweetie! You've gotta get changed if you wanna go out," Kylo said as firmly as he could muster, looking at his daughter as she danced around the living room in a spangly fairy outfit. She was waving a plastic wand and suddenly pointed it at him with a bubbly "Pow!" Kylo mimed falling over as Maisie squealed, letting out a "Oh! You got me!" He laughed as she ran over and waved her pudgy hands in his face, before sitting up to lift Maisie and take her to the front door. "Come on, little fairy," he said. "You've gotta swap your ballet shoes for your school ones if you wanna come home with a puppy." "Puppy!" Maisie said excitedly as she plopped down on the bottom step of the staircase. Kylo passed her her shoes. "Can you do it yourself?" he asked, and she nodded furiously. Kylo watched her as he tugged on his jacket, her little hands struggling to slide her shoes on. He sighed and squatted down, sliding them on for her and smiling at her annoyed, "I could have done it myself!" Kylo glanced up to see her angry pout, smiling as he adjusted one of her bunches and bundled Maisie into her coat. She wriggled around as he stood up before reaching up to lock a small hand around two of his fingers, Kylo opening the door to let them both out. "What kind of puppy do you want?" he asked as they walked, taking slow strides so his daughter could keep up. There was a long pause as she scrunched her face up in thought. "A cute one!" He laughed. "All puppies are cute. You'll have to be a little more specific." "One of the..." Maisie frowned as she tried to string the words together. "...the-the Shiba In-o ones." "A Shiba In- u dog?" he asked. "No - Ino !" " Inu ," Kylo said. He picked her up and placed her on his shoulders, grinning at her happy shriek. "We're gonna cross a road soon. What do you do when you cross a road?" "Look both ways!" Maisie cried. One of her hands brushed against the scar running down over his face. Kylo was glad it had healed up. He swallowed, holding onto his daughter a little tighter as they crossed. * Hux had resorted to building a house of cards from a pack he'd found in a service drawer under the register. There wasn't much point, as the wind kept blowing it down every time the doors whooshed open. He sighed, scooping the cards up and piling them together. He'd served a few customers since he'd arrived, but since it was a weekday there weren't many customers. Apparently the guy he was supposed to be looking for - Kylo Ren - lived around here. Hux had built a picture up of him from past reports and case files; 32, 6'3", tall and muscular build, dark hair and dark eyes, large scar across his face. He had been involved in a territorial gang - the Syndicates - that were infamous for running a large crime ring, as well as engaging in petty crimes and revenge against their rivals, the Disciples. The revenge had brewed up to a point where it culminated in a shootout that left thirteen dead a few years back. Hux had been assigned the case after it was revealed that Ren had been released. He was sent to keep track on him after news of him interacting with the Syndicates again. Hux had never been assigned something like this before, and he had expected to be running from explosions or flipping cars - not working in some pet superstore. He groaned quietly as the doors opened again, glancing over to see who it was. His breath suddenly caught as his mouth went dry. A guy with dark hair, in dark clothes and a jacket with the hood pulled up to conceal the scar across his face sauntered in, making high-pitched "Whee!" noises as he bounced the laughing little girl on his shoulders. Hux furrowed his brow, perplexed. No, it couldn't have been - could it? Many people had scars on their faces and dark hair and daughters. It was hardly an uncommon phenomenon. No, no - he was being stupid. Of course it was Kylo Ren! But... where was the terrifying criminal he had been imagining? He watched as the pair sauntered around the store, feeling his body twitch. Should he go in and stop them? He didn't pose a huge threat in a green and orange shirt, plus he had no weapon on him. Hux swallowed, standing rooted to the spot as his brain went a mile a minute. His vision suddenly focused as he noticed the little girl run up to him. "Where are the puppies?" she demanded. "Excuse me?" Hux replied weakly. "Maisie!" Hux looked up to see Kylo zooming over, his hood no longer up. "Sorry, sorry," he apologized, laughing a little as he picked his daughter up. "She's very desperate for a puppy - I promised I would buy her one today." He glanced over at his daughter briefly, and Hux saw nothing but pure love there. Dammit! He cursed himself, shaking his head before blurting out, "I-I'll, uh-- I'll take you to them!" He slid out the little side gate, locking it before walking down a maze of aisles to the kennels. He paused at the doorway, turning to ask, "Is there any specific dog you were looking for? It narrows down the time. Or, if you didn't have anything in mind, you could take a lo-" "Shiba!" Maisie said with such enthusiasm that Hux felt his heart warm a little. Kylo laughed, and that made him warm even more. He wailed at himself within, berating himself for being a pathetic excuse for a cop. "R-Right this way!" he said as cheerfully as he could. He led them to the section. The puppies barked when they saw him come over, and Maisie squealed in delight as he leaned over the side to pick one up. It was a tiny little thing, burnt orange and white with big eyes. Hux checked the collar; "This one is called Potato." Kylo regarded him with a blank expression. "I'm not kidding," Hux said. Potato snorted, wriggling in his hands. Maisie was practically crawling off Kylo to try and reach for him. "Gently stroke him," Hux said softly as he bought the puppy up to her. Her eyes were wide as saucers as she reached out, one pudgy hand carefully patting Potato's head, making tiny little noises of wonder. "Can we have that one?" she asked Kylo. "You sure you don't want to look at any others?" he replied, and she shook her head. Kylo smiled. "We'll take him!" * "...And they've already had their shots, so you don't have to worry about that for now. You also get a free bed and a bag of dog food," Hux explained as Kylo filled out all the necessary paperwork. He signed off at the bottom, turning over to check on Maisie, who was bending down to look at Potato. "Be careful, Maise. He might nip you." Kylo smiled and turned back. "She's only four - I'm gonna have to do all of the looking after for both of them now! I bought the dog for her as a sort of present - I just love her so much, I couldn't say no to her little face." He laughed sheepishly, brown eyes shining, and Hux felt his face heat up a little. Oh no - nobody had told Hux he was a family man. Where was the dangerous, violent criminal he had been expecting?! He watched, helpless and heart beating as Kylo picked up the crate and thanked him. Maisie did the same in her bright playful voice, and Hux waved, watching as they both left through the automatic doors. The minute they were gone, he picked up a sheet of paper and yelled into it as the Chief's words echoed in his head - " Remember, Officer - don't get distracted. Kylo Ren is very dangerous; he poses a significant threat to the community. I don't know why they let that bastard out in the first place. " Don't get distracted . Hux groaned, trying to will the blush away from his cheeks. Looks like that plan had gone out the window.