Her opponent stood confidently at the other end of the room. The man had maybe 20 years on her, had trained with the First Order his entire life, and was considered to be one of the most skilled officers in the Special Ranks. Revan glared at him silently. The man was practically dripping with smugness. She could tell he had been insulted when Hux brought him into the training room and announced that he would be fighting her. Revan couldn’t blame him. She was nineteen years old and barely reached 5’ 2” – she was far from intimidating. But this gave her an advantage, she knew. Back on Torukai she had learned that being underestimated was a powerful gift. And she knew this gift was going to help her now. “Revan has been training with us for the past three months. I think you will find her skills impressive, Ronan.” Hux said in his usual arrogant monotone voice. Ronan seemed intent on remaining unimpressed. “We’ll see how she measures up. May I suggest we call a medic droid to stand by? I do not particularly enjoy watching little girls bleed out, General.” Revan stared at him, her face a portrait of concrete serenity. She heard a few stormtroopers chuckle from the balcony, and she was suddenly aware of how many other people were in the large open training area of the base. Some of them were minding their own business, fully transfixed in their own matches, but some of them were beginning to stare in their direction. She shook off the unease, buried it deeply where it couldn’t torment her. Revan called on the force to help her drown out the distractions. “That won’t be necessary. Both of you will be using training sabers.” Hux looked impatient. He quickly strolled over to the large corner closet and pulled out two sabers. He tossed one to Ronan and then one to Revan. Revan gracefully caught the handle without taking her eyes off of the large man on the opposite end of the room. “You may begin,” Hux stated plainly. Ronan took a few slow steps toward her, igniting the red saber as he did so. Revan followed his lead, and her own saber came alive with a bright red hue and the low hum she had grown accustomed to over the past few months. As her opponent drew closer, she could see more clearly that he was truly a beast of a man. His frame towered over her, bulky muscles bulging out of his black uniform. “Alright, let’s get this over with, sweetheart,” he said in a mocking tone. Revan continued to glare at him as she took a few delicate steps towards him, still not uttering a word to the man. Ronan began to twirl the saber in his hand, getting ready. Revan came to a halt when only a few feet separated them. She held her training saber firmly behind her back, lowered her head, and waited. She could feel the force on her fingertips, though somewhat unsteadily. For as long as she remembered, the mystifying power had given her strength, had helped her survived in the cruel deserts of Torukai. But she had never quite understood it, or understood how to command it. It seemed that sometimes it easily submitted to her will, and other times it was nowhere to be found. Revan prayed to the stars that it would be submissive today. Ronan quickened his pace, raised his weapon and brought it down in a swift movement. Revan dodged him with ease, spinning behind his back and going for a low jab to his side. His blade met hers at the last second, and he let out a grunt of amusement. He came at her with another blow, which she again dodged and quickly countered with an elegant slice that almost landed on his left arm. She could feel his annoyance as the amusement drained from his eyes. He started coming at her with full force now. She was blocking every blow, but she was clearly on the defensive. He was significantly larger and stronger, and a small piece of her mind started to panic. Her grip on the force was slipping, and she felt like she was growing weaker and he was growing stronger. She had a fleeting thought of what the hell am I doing as a particularly forceful blow almost made her arms give out under the strain of blocking him above her head. But something else gnawed at the edges of Revan’s mind. She had spent her entire life fending off creeps several times her size, and this man was no different, First Order officer or not. She rekindled her hold on the force and surprised him with a kick to the stomach that sent him stumbling back. He came at her again with rage, and she felt her own anger roar up to meet his. She managed to surprise him again with a side step and a tackle that brought him to his back with her blade pointed directly at his throat. He stared up at her wide-eyed, confusion written all over his face. Her free hand was outstretched toward him, and it took her a moment to realize that he was frozen, that she was somehow using the force to paralyze his body. Revan’s shock held her where she was, straddling the man and staring at his face, which had shifted from confused to terrified. It was the applause that broke her trance. She released her hold on the poor officer and looked up to find a room full of people—troopers, officers, generals, even serving staff – staring at her and clapping. Revan disabled her training saber and scrambled to her feet, feeling her face reddening from embarrassment. Ronan huffed and stalked out of the room, a slight limp in his step. It was then that she spotted him. No, it was really more like she felt him, and then that feeling yanked her attention directly at him. The masked man in black stood tall, a full foot taller than the General next to him. Hux seemed to be speaking to him excitedly, but the man didn’t appear to be listening. He was staring straight at her. At least she assumed he was staring at her, it was impossible to tell for sure as his mask covered his entire face. Kylo Ren. It had to be him. The sith lord that she hadn’t stopped hearing about since the second she stepped on Starkiller base. General Hux had mentioned to her on multiple occasions that once this Kylo Ren returned from an off world mission that he was likely to wish to take her on as an apprentice. As Revan really had no idea what this meant, she hadn’t thought much of it. But now she realized maybe she should be terrified of this notion, and she felt a wave of dread wash over her. The dread intensified as he began to move toward her with long strides. The whole room fell silent, and many quietly shuffled out. Revan recalled a conversation with a stormtrooper when she had first arrived, in which one of his first pieces of advice was If you see Kylo Ren, you get the fuck away as fast as you can . He seemed to grow bigger and more monstrous as he approached, his hood and the edges of his black cloak swaying eerily with his movements. Suddenly she couldn’t bare the weight of his gaze any longer, and she shifted to stare nervously down at her black boots. He began to circle around her, closing in on her like a predator hunting prey. She could feel him on the edges of her mind, peering into the contents of her being. He was surprisingly gentle, inspecting her the way she might have inspected a treasure found scavenging in the sand on Torukai. She could tell he was reading her, not deeply, just skimming the surface of her hopes and fears, her strengths and weaknesses. “You doubt yourself,” his mechanically distorted voice was low, his words were for her and her alone. He came to an abrupt stop directly in front of her, leaving hardly any space between them. Revan held her breath. A large gloved hand lifted her chin, forcing her to meet his shielded stare. “When you learn to trust yourself, trust the force, you will be stronger than you can possibly imagine,” he murmured. “You will be able to destroy any First Order officer without even lifting a finger.” He removed his hand from her face and pulled back slightly. “Rest well tonight. We begin training at 0500 hours.” He turned abruptly and glided out of the room without another word. Revan stood dumbfounded, her jaw was undoubtedly hanging open. What the fuck am I getting myself into . ******** She had been breathtaking. Her movements were unlike anything he had ever seen. She was wild and feral, yet graceful like a dancer as she took down the dismayed officer. Kylo Ren had been apprehensive when Hux told him that they had picked up a force user on some desert planet. Hux had been practically bubbling with excitement, which frankly Kylo found to be a rather disgraceful state for a grown man. But when he arrived in the training room, as he’d guaranteed he would as soon as his ship docked, he was pleasantly taken by surprise. She needed training, yes, her command of the force was shaky at best. But one day she could be the most powerful weapon in the Order’s arsenal. The thought gave him a thrill, the likes of which he hadn’t felt in a long, long time. Chapter 2 Revan was out of bed before the sun had risen. She had finally given up on sleep, her mind simply unable to slow down enough to rest more than a few minutes at a time. Her bed was much too soft for her liking, and the bedroom too large. She much preferred sleeping on a nice tattered bench in an old abandoned ship. She wasn’t ungrateful, joining the First Order marked the first time in her life that she could eat three meals a day, that she had a door to lock at night, that she had an actual refresher. After stepping out of a long, scalding hot shower, she stared at herself in the mirror. Her body looked muscular, no longer on the brink of starvation as she had been her entire life. Her skin was still sun kissed, but no longer held the deep tan that accompanied life in the scorched deserts. She pulled on her black leggings and tunic, followed by the long maroon cloak. The soft fabric gave her comfort, the only thing she had left of her family, of herself, really. She had practically begged General Hux to let her keep it when she first arrived. He had insisted that she dispose of all her belongings— not that she had very many—mumbling some explanation about “cleansing the scavenger stench.” He had finally agreed to let her keep the coat, under the condition that the serving staff repair the tears. She was just finishing pulling her auburn hair into a braid when she heard a knock on the door. Taking a deep breath, she pulled on her boots and opened the door to Kylo Ren staring down at her. She had thought she might have a better handle on herself today, but the second she looked up at that mask the fear swallowed her again. She tried to shove it down, but she wasn’t fooling herself, and she knew she most likely wasn’t fooling him either. “Come,” he said plainly, and turned on his heels and headed down the hallway. She had to nearly run to keep up with his long strides as he led them to an area of the base that she never even knew existed. Finally, he led her into a small dark room. It seemed to be another training room, judging by all the equipment stacked neatly against one wall. “My private training area,” he informed her, reading her confusion. Of course a sith lord would have his own private training area. A wave of his hand closed the heavy door behind them, and Revan felt a fresh bolt of terror strike through her. It suddenly dawned on her that she was trapped in a secluded room with the deadliest man in the universe. He stepped directly in front of her, much too close for comfort. “You still fear me.” “I…I mean no disrespect, my lord…it is an honor to be in your presence,” she choked out. Slowly, he reached a gloved hand up to his mask and pressed a button that seemed to unlock something near his neck. Revan gasped quietly as she realized he was revealing himself to her. He lowered his head and drew the mask off, standing tall again to look down at her. Her jaw dropped open, and she had to actively will herself to close it again. His face was so… human . He was young, certainly no older than thirty. His cheeks were thin, with a strong jaw and sharp nose, and jet black hair that fell in waves around his face. His dark brown eyes—so dark, almost black—met her hazel ones with a look that made her even more puzzled, if that was even possible. His eyes looked gentle, even kind, yet somehow hard and fierce. “The supreme leader requests that I train you, that I take you on as an apprentice. I suppose this will not come as a surprise to you.” “That is what I had been led to expect,” she replied. He looked into her carefully, measuring her every expression. “I want to make sure that you understand the weight of this, if you are to agree to it. I will be your master, and you must unconditionally obey my every command. It will not be easy— I will stretch you beyond your limits.” His hand reached up and held her chin, as he had done the day before. It made her stomach tie into a knot, but she firmly held herself still. “You will submit to me as clay submits to a potter’s hands,” he added as he began caressing her jawline. The movement simultaneously made her want to run away and to press closer into him. She looked up at him with big eyes. He went on “But you can be sure that I will sculpt you into the finest fighter in the galaxy. One day, you will be strong enough to defeat me, I have no doubt about this.” She eyed him tentatively, her doubt showing plainly on her face, but she just listened and let him continue. “I know that I make you feel afraid, but in order for this to work, you must trust me. The second you stepped on Starkiller base your future became drastically more dangerous. But if you become my apprentice, you have my word that no harm will come of you. I protect what is mine with the same ferocity that I crush what stands in my way.” The look in his eyes was wild, she couldn’t imagine anyone would choose to cross him when he had that look. “And if you, Revan, choose to be mine, I will protect you with all the power of the universe.” She gulped. This was a lot to take in. For starters, she hadn’t even been sure that he knew her name. On top of that, something about the way he said the word mine was making her heart beat out of her chest. Before she could read too much into it, he dropped his hand away from her face and asked a simple question. “So, will you have me as your master?” She swallowed hard. She hadn’t even been aware that she had a choice in the matter. The prospect of training under him still terrified her, but when she looked into those deep eyes, something told her that he meant every word he had said. “Yes, I will be honored, master,” she said, and her lips surprised her by giving him a hint of a smile. He answered her with a dark smirk. “Excellent.” ******** He could tell she was growing frustrating. Revan tried for the hundredth time to hover the thin pane of glass, and once again it shattered before having a chance to lift off the floor. “Stop,” he said suddenly. She needed to center herself. “Close your eyes. Breathe.” She did as he instructed. “You’ve known the force for as long as you remember, am I correct?” He stood close, facing her side. She nodded. “I never quite knew what it was or how to control it, but it was always there.” She hesitated a moment, her eyes still closed. “Once, when I was nine years old, I killed a grown man who tried to attack my little sister.” “Picture that man. Can you see him?” She nodded. “Good. Feel the anger that you have towards him, the hatred and rage.” He spoke his words slowly. “At a certain point, rage turns into serenity. Do you feel it?” She nodded. “Open your eyes,” he commanded. She opened her eyes, and he knew she would succeed this time. He could feel the power rolling off of her in waves. He didn’t have to instruct her any further. She reached her hand out towards one of the glass panes. Slowly, very slowly, it lifted off the floor. It rose several feet before gently lowering back to the ground, light as a feather. He drew closer, and she turned to look at him, her face was positively glowing, brighter than any sun he’d ever seen. “Tell me what you know about the force.” “Not much. General Hux said—” “Erase from your mind anything that General Hux has ever told you.” His voice was angrier than he intended it to be, and it seemed to catch her off guard. “Hux is a fool who knows nothing about the force. He knows how to build machines, yes, how to pull the trigger of a blaster or set off a bomb. But he knows nothing of what it’s like to feel the most powerful energy in the universe pulsing through your veins.” His words had grown louder, bordering on fury, and her fear was written plainly on her face. He took a breath, mentally kicking himself yet again for scaring the girl. Normally he reveled in instilling terror in everyone around him, but for some reason she was different. He wasn’t sure why, but it made him feel ill whenever he picked up on her fear of him, her perception of him as a vile and cruel monster. “The force is all around us.” He tried to make his voice as unthreatening as possible. “It is its own master, creating its own rules. But once in a while, it chooses to give an individual control over it.” She seemed to weigh each of his words carefully, desperately wanting to understand. “The force chose you, Revan. It wants you to use it, to command it. But above all you must respect it, and you must trust it.” She nodded. She spoke so very little, this vagabond from Torukai. An urge came over him to know exactly what was in her mind. It would be so easy too, to force himself in. But he held back, reminding himself that violating her mind was probably not the best way to gain the girl’s trust. Chapter 3 After a few days of mind control training, Revan was positively exhausted. And then they started the real stuff. The first time they fought with light sabers, Kylo Ren had her trembling on her back in under ten seconds. It was incredibly embarrassing. Revan had never fought another force user before, and his ability to anticipate her every move was frustrating beyond belief. But she gradually learned to put up walls around her mind, and then their matches became longer and longer. She still always lost, but she began to at least put up a decent fight. At the end of one particularly exhausting session, he stopped her before she left the training room. “Sabers are not your weapon of choice,” he observed. “I am more skilled with daggers. I had a pair back on Torukai that were precious to me, but the General ordered me to leave them behind.” Her master frowned. “I had guessed as much, judging by the way you move.” “I will get better with the saber, though. I am more than willing to work harder to master it,” she said quickly, not wanted to appear petulant. He nodded. “You will learn to fight with any weapon at your disposal, that is important. But it’s also important that your primary weapon be that which calls to you.” He looked as though he was lost in thought, and then he seemed to make up his mind about something. “Go wash up, and then meet me at my quarters for dinner. There’s something I would like to show you.” As she showered, her mind raced with curiosity. In the few weeks they have been training together, Kylo Ren had been humane towards her, considerate even, despite being tough on her as a teacher. But he had never gone out of his way to be friendly to her outside of their training sessions. Had he really just asked her to come over for dinner ? He did not strike her as the type of man who enjoyed entertaining dinner guests. She thought about putting on her formal attire again, the black leggings and tunic the Order had issued her when she first arrived, but decided she would much prefer her loose gray capris and a tight black t-shirt. Her body was exhausted, and Kylo Ren could go fuck himself if he had a problem with her appearing casual in front of him. She quickly found her way over to the large black door that he always disappeared into after their sessions. Taking a deep breath, she raised her hand and knocked gently, and in a fraction of a second the door whooshed open. ******** Kylo Ren opened the door and drank in the sight of his apprentice. She looked different, dressed in casual clothes, a tight fitting t-shirt that showed the narrow curves of her body. He had never really thought about her body before. I mean, of course he had thought about it, she was a beautiful girl and all. But she was always wearing that cloak that covered everything so he had never really noticed what her body actually looked like. Like, for example, the fact that she had breasts. Not particularly large ones or anything, but they formed an enticing curve beneath the thin black fabric. He realized that he had also never seen her hair down. Her auburn waves were damp, and they fell soft and dreamlike over her shoulders. He cleared his throat, promptly shoving those thoughts back to wherever the hell they came from. “Come in,” he said, and gestured for her to follow him. “Dinner is on its way. I want to show you something first.” He led her down the long hallway, passed the bedroom and dining room, and into the small room at the very end. He sensed her fascination as she looked around at the treasures. The room was full of items he had collected over the years, most either found during various missions or taken from enemies he had killed. “Wow,” she breathed. She picked up an ornate silver arrow resting on a shelf, her fingers running delicately along the diamonds encrusted into the surface. “I’ve never seen anything so lovely…how…where did all these things come from?” She looked at him wide eyed, her face full of childlike excitement. It made him feel warm, for some reason. It occurred to him that she was quite young indeed. The nine years that separated them suddenly felt like a hundred. “That arrow belonged to King Esnarek, who ruled a small empire in the outer rim. He had the stupidity to shoot me with that arrow, so I had no choice but to burn his palace to the ground.” “Well it’s a beautiful thing to get shot with,” she laughed as she gently set it back on the shelf. Her laugh was a fascinating sound, and for a moment he was lost in it before snapping back to reality. “What I wanted to show you is right in here,” he walked over to the wooden cabinet and opened the doors. He found the small emerald green box he was looking for, and turned back to Revan and opened it. “Go ahead.” She tentatively took the two small black handles into her hands and stepped back before letting them come to life with a dazzling silver hue. The blades were thin but impossibly sturdy, and the hum was much softer than any light saber he had ever heard. The daggers were delicate and yet deadly beyond belief, just like her. Her eyes lit up as she stared down at the weapons in her hands. She began to twirl them around, getting familiar. She came at him then, and for a moment he actually believed she meant to kill him. But then she smiled as she playfully spun and landed with the blades crisscrossed less than an inch in front of his throat. He smiled back at her, a real, genuine smile that felt odd on his face. When was the last time that had happened? “So is it safe to say that you like them?” “I love them,” she beamed, backing away and disabling the blades. “Then they’re yours.” Her hazel eyes widened. “I can’t take these…these must be…did they belong to some king too?” “No, not a king.” She relaxed a little. “They belonged to one of the Ralya Sisters,” he continued. She looked at him in horror. “The Ralya Sisters…as in the ancient witches? From the storybooks?” He nodded. “Those very ones. I found them in the Ralya tombs on the planet of Naribess.” “Well then I definitely can’t take these,” she said moving to place them back in their box. He placed his hands on hers, stopping her movements. “Revan, I insist that you take them. If you don’t, they’re just going to sit in this room and never be used. They want to be used, they want to be alive again.” “Master Ren, these are precious treasures, probably worth thousands of gold coin. I’m just a desert scavenger, I’m nobody, I can’t just—” “Yes, you can,” he said firmly, bringing his hands to hold her face. He closed his eyes and let down the walls that he usually kept so carefully around his mind, and he pushed his thoughts toward her. He showed her the utter pleasure he had felt the first time he saw her defeat that officer in the training room. He showed her the pride that fills him whenever her name comes up in strategy meetings. He showed her the wonder and adoration he feels every time she pulls a tricky move on him during their matches. He opened his eyes to find her staring at him, her face unreadable. “Your value is beyond your understanding,” he said softly. “As far as I’m concerned, your value far exceeds being worthy of some dead witch’s knives.” His hands moved back to hers, tightening her grip on the handles. “These are yours now. My gift to you,” he added, just in case she needed extra nudging. She finally gave in. “Thank you,” she said, looking down at their joined hands. Another brilliant smile lit up her face and made his insides turn to jelly. “I think the food’s here, let’s go eat,” he said, and she followed him into the dining room. ******** Revan stared up at her ceiling, unable to fall asleep as her brain tried to comprehend the day’s events. Her entire life she had never owned many material possessions, let alone possessions that were worth more than all the gold on Torukai. Why did he want to give her such a priceless gift? She couldn’t wrap her distrusting mind around it. And then there was that magnetic pull she had felt towards him when he answered his door devoid of his heavy overcoat and cowl, with only a long sleeve undershirt that revealed the lean muscles of his shoulders and arms. She had felt that pull again when he had put his hands on hers, bare hands, which it had not escaped her were rough and calloused underneath the leather gloves that usually covered them. Her mind frantically tried to sort out these strange and unfamiliar feelings she was having. Maybe she was ill, should she go to the med bay? She continued to replay the night over and over again, until the mental exertion finally exhausted her so much that she succumbed to sleep. Chapter 4 General Hux’s voice droned on and on, something about numbers and coordinates, though Revan wasn’t paying much attention. She had been pleased when Kylo Ren asked her to start accompanying him to his meetings, but as it turned out she did not have much enthusiasm for meetings. As far as she was concerned, she would much rather be fighting in the battle than sitting in a conference room talking about it. She had the impression that Kylo felt the same way, but he didn’t seem willing to admit it. She practically jumped for joy when the meeting was adjourned. Her master headed for the doorway, and she followed behind obediently. That was when the sirens went off, wailing from every direction. In an instant Kylo’s light saber roared to life, and he turned on his heels to bring his mask right before Revan’s confused face. “Stay close to me. Do not leave my sight, do you understand?” he spoke in fast, harsh words. She nodded, reaching for her daggers. Just then several storm troopers ran into the room and one of them addressed the General. “Sir, it’s the resistance. They’ve infiltrated the hangar. We’re working on containing it, sir.” “Well working on containing it isn’t the same as containing it,” Hux hissed. “How many?” “Five, sir. At least two of them force users.” Ren motioned for her to follow him, and he led her down a winding path of hallways, which she recognized as heading in the general direction of Starkiller’s main hangar. The halls were crowded with troopers, all running with blasters in hand, some of them shouting orders. Kylo paused before turning the next corner. Revan could feel it too, a disturbance of sorts in the force. The next thing she knew there was blaster fire all over, and a few storm trooper lay motionless on the ground. Kylo Ren’s massive blade was swinging violently through the air, and a resistance pilot fell dead on the ground. Four more of them approached, and Revan could feel that at least some of them were force sensitive. Confirming her hunch, the short man furthest away ignited a purple light saber, heading straight for Kylo Ren, who was in the midst of taking down the three other attackers at once. The man easily deflected every blaster shot with his blade. Revan didn’t think, she just acted on impulse. She ran straight towards him, her shimmering silver daggers springing to life. He tried to halt her with the force, but she managed to break through the hold in order to go straight for his gut. He blocked her with a force blow that threw her against the wall, but she quickly came at him again, and their blades connected over their heads before one of her daggers swiftly went for his neck. He sent her another blow, but she was ready this time and blocked it. Her thin blade sank into the flesh of his neck. Just as he fell to his knees, a sharp pain seared through her shoulder. Her surroundings started to spin, and she looked down at the floor and saw a small pool of blood forming. Was that her blood? It didn’t make any sense. “Revan!” Her master’s bellow sounded strange, distorted by the mask. Suddenly she was in his arms, without which she probably wouldn’t have been able to stay standing. “WHO DID THIS?” His voice sounded crazed as he glanced around at the surrounding troopers, still holding her up. One of them took a step forward. “It was an accident, my lord, I was trying to hit the man attacking her. I know it cannot be forgiven.” “You’re exactly right,” he reached out a hand and the trooper sank to his knees. Revan could feel through the force that he held the man’s life in his hand, prepared to crush it in an instant. She raised a hand to rest on his chest, the exertion costing her precious energy. “Ren, no,” she pleaded. The mask jerked down to look at her. “Please,” she breathed, trying to press all of her desperation onto his mind. She couldn’t stand the thought of this man paying with his life for a mistake. He released the poor storm trooper, who scrambled back to his feet. “I’ll deal with you later,” Kylo Ren hissed at him. Then he swiftly scooped Revan into his arms and hurried back down the hall. Her vision started to blur, his mask moving in and out of focus. Her shoulder was screaming at her now, she just wanted it to stop. “You’re going to be fine, you have nothing to worry about,” he said, but his tone sounded more angry than comforting. She suddenly found herself being lowered onto a bed, and she realized that he had brought her to her bedroom. His hands worked quickly to remove her layers of clothing. She felt herself blush, but then the stabbing pain overthrew any concern for modesty. He stripped her down to just the thin wrap that covered her breasts, and she could see with hazy vision that his gloves were dripping with blood. He hastily removed his gloves, followed by his mask, throwing both to the floor with much more force than was necessary. Revan was relieved to see his face, but his expression made her want to sink into the bed and disappear. His features were twisted in a way that was dark, seething with raw anger and hatred. The look just about paralyzed her body, and she just stared as he brought his hands up to the wound on her shoulder. She gasped, the contact stung like hell. He pressed more firmly against her wound, and she held her breath. For a moment the pain intensified, and she wanted to scream at him to stop whatever he was trying to do. But then the stinging started to dissipate, and eventually it went away completely. He removed his hands and sat back, and she noticed dark circles under his eyes. Whatever he had just done had drained him of a great deal of energy. She looked down at her shoulder to find that there was no open wound, only a small scar that looked as if it was several months healed. Revan looked up at him in disbelief “I didn’t know you could do that…” her voice was full of wonder. “I’ll teach you some day,” he was still radiating rage, much as he was trying to control it. He wasn’t guarding his feelings very well, and Revan marveled at the intensity of them. So much pain and turmoil, it felt heavy and suffocating. The anger was hot and pulsing, not directed at her though, not even at the attackers or the stormtrooper who shot her, it was directed at himself . Revan wanted to do something, to comfort him, to make the pain stop. But she didn’t know how, she felt like she was staring at a bomb with tangles of multicolored wires, not the slightest clue how to dismantle it. He was rising off her bed, putting on his mask and bloodstained gloves. “Rest,” he commanded. “I’ll call a medic droid to check on you and clean the blood.” And with that he stormed off, his rage only growing hotter and hotter. “Thank you,” she called softly, but she wasn’t sure if he had heard. She wanted to run after him, but her limbs suddenly felt impossibly heavy. She closed her eyes, trying to decide what to do, but sleep took her before she could get very far. ******** His blade sliced through the entire row of computers, sparks flying gloriously all through the room. He was in a trance, and nothing could break it in this moment. He just needed to destroy , and he hadn’t been able to destroy the storm trooper—for some unfathomable reason he couldn’t bring himself to defy her plea to spare the man’s life. He had been watching her the whole time. One eye one her, one on the attackers he was fighting. He struck down the last of them just in time to see her end the man’s life, and a powerful sense of pride coursed through him. But then something had gone wrong, the imbecile soldier had shot her, his apprentice. And worst of all, he hadn’t seen it coming, hadn’t been able to stop it, to protect what was his. What did that make him, if he couldn’t even protect her from some clumsy trooper with a low-grade blaster and poor aim? He destroyed another computer, shredding it to pieces. He went on until a sufficient amount of numbness settled over his mind. He glanced around the room, surveying his handiwork, and turned and left, sparks still sputtering out of the wires. ******** On her way to the training room the next day, she passed the small console room that looked like it had been caging wild animals. She wondered what in the stars had happened there, until she heard two storm troopers several yards ahead of her muttering in low voices. She called on the force to help her hear what they were saying. “Yup, another one of Ren’s tantrums. At least it was in an empty room this time, no casualties.” “Damn, I feel bad for the guys who have to clean all that up.” “I was talking to TR-4528 this morning, we decided that Ren just seriously needs to get laid.” They both chuckled under their masks. Revan continued walking, giving them an icy stare as they passed her, and she could feel their terror as they wondered if she had heard them. In training, Ren pretended like nothing had happened, and it drove her mad. She wanted to grab his shoulder and shake him, scream at him to talk to her about yesterday’s events. But his cool glass composure never left his face. She tried to reach for his mind, but his walls were stronger than ever, not like yesterday when everything had been breaking through. He ended their session early, telling her that she needed to get as much rest as possible. That was the closest he came to an acknowledgment of what happened. Chapter 5 She was getting stronger, much stronger. And more confident too. They had been training for nearly a month now, and Revan’s command of the force was unshakeable. A couple times she had almost beaten Kylo Ren. Almost. And she had learned to control her thoughts, too. Her master could no longer read her the way he used to, except when she occasionally forgot to keep her shields up. She wasn’t quite sure how to explain her relationship to her sith master. Gradually over time, something quite inexplicable had happened. At first, it was fueled by her curiosity with holovids, which she had always heard about but never actually seen in real life. When Kylo casually mentioned one day that he had a small collection of videos, she not so casually asked if she could see what they look like. And so they began watching holovids together in his bedroom every Sunday night. The videos fascinated her. She hadn’t known what to expect, but they captivated her imagination and showed her strange worlds she had never seen before. And her master didn’t seem to mind too much. They were together nearly all the time now. His presence was an odd comfort to her. Sometimes he would just sit and read at her desk while she practiced her forms before bed. She began accompanying him to his meetings. All of Starkiller became accustomed to the duo. Wherever Kylo Ren was, his apprentice would be following right on his heels. One Sunday night, they put on a video about Queen Anya and Fifth Battle of the Forest. Revan sat as close as possible to the right edge of his bed, trying to keep the space between them…professional, if that was possible at this point. For the life of her she could not keep her eyes open. She had gotten hardly any sleep the past few nights, thanks to her dreaded nightmares returning. They hadn’t gotten more than twenty minutes into the video when sleep finally won her over. She had a vague awareness of someone pulling her boots off, and then a soft blanket being draped over her. The next thing she knew, she was back in the desert, Mara’s screams coming from every direction. She knew her sister was close. She ran frantically, searching, endlessly searching. Every time she thought she had found her, another scream seemed to come from somewhere else. And finally the cabin appeared in front of her. As always, the front door was locked, so she broke in through a window. Mara wasn’t screaming anymore, and the silence made her feel sick to her stomach. Revan searched every last corner, until she eventually came to the cellar door. She knew exactly what she would find on the other side, but some unseen force compelled her arm to reach out and open it. As the door creaked open, flames suddenly consumed the entire space before her. She turned to run, but her feet were glued to the floor. Revan was jolted back to reality with the sensation of a calloused hand stroking her. Her body was trembling uncontrollably, her breathing fast and shallow, and her eyes darted open and found Kylo Ren’s face inches from hers, his eyes full of concern. “It’s okay, it’s okay. Just a dream,” he said softly, pulling her close to him. Her eyes stung, and she almost choked trying to stifle a sob into his chest. Her confusion gave way to realization. She was in Kylo Ren’s bedroom. She must have fallen asleep in the middle of the holovid. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to—” she began once she had gained some composure. “It’s okay, I get them too,” he said, pulling her even closer to him and rubbing a hand up and down her back, reaching under her shirt to access her bare skin. His touch made her shiver, but not in a bad way. Suddenly hungry for more of that contact, she buried her face in the crook of his neck and placed her hands on his chest. A thought vaguely brushed her mind that there was something seriously wrong about this, but she didn’t care. All she could think about was how safe she felt in his strong arms. ******** He had been abruptly woken up in the middle of the night. It took his brain a minute to process what his eyes were seeing—his apprentice lay in his bed next to him. It took his brain another minute to realize that this was not a fantasy, that she was really and truly sleeping in his bed beside him. A whimper escaped her lips, the same sound that had woken him up. Her small body was trembling, he could see in the dim moonlight that shone through the window. She cried out again in her sleep, and she began to shake more violently. Kylo Ren was no stranger to nightmares. There were entire years of his life where not a night would go by that he wouldn’t find himself buried under a pile of dead bodies inside the Jedi Academy. He drew closer to Revan, gently placing a hand on her arm. It did nothing to calm her, nor did it wake her. He began to stroke her skin, just firmly enough to pull her out of the nightmare. She blinked her eyes open with a gasp, still trembling. Whatever she had seen in her dream had shaken her to her core, and he felt a desperate need to protect her from it, to stop the pain. He was terrified that she would be angry at him for touching her this way, and in such a vulnerable moment. But she let him pull her against his body, and she even snuggled closer to rest her head against his neck. He could feel her hot breath on his skin, gradually slowing as he soothed her. He felt her drift into a sleep that seemed more peaceful this time. He couldn’t remember the last time he had felt an actual human embrace, and he was enjoying it far too much. Her skin was impossibly soft beneath his hands, and he wished that he could feel that texture every day for the rest of his life. He couldn’t tear his gaze from her for a long while. Her face was tranquil now, all of the panic from before disappeared. His heart seemed to rupture at the realization that she was without a doubt the most beautiful thing he had ever seen, curled up in his arms. Fuck, he thought to himself. There’s no going back from this. When he woke the next morning, a blanket of pleasure enveloped him to find that she was still there, her head still tucked under his chin. Her tiny hands were clasped behind his neck, rendering him immobile. The early morning sun shone brightly in through the large floor to ceiling windows of his room. Something about seeing the sunlight on her skin made the situation much more real than it had been last night. She was truly here, peacefully cradled in his arms. He could sense her mind beginning to wake, and he almost felt a sense of loss that he couldn’t just watch her sleep for a little longer. When those big hazel eyes opened, he was hit with confusion, followed by fear. He could feel the emotions clearly emanating from her mind, for in her half asleep state she hadn’t yet put up the mental walls that she had learn to construct. Was she really still afraid of him? He had hoped that maybe she had come to perceive him as more than just a monster over the past few weeks. Apparently that hope had been wildly naïve. She glanced at her hands that clutched his neck, and he felt her embarrassment as she quickly removed them. “Sorry,” she mumbled, her voice scratchy with sleep. He felt her mental walls reappear, and she sat up and looked down at him, her face unreadable. “I should go…thanks for letting me stay here.” He frowned up at her. “You don’t need to leave. I mean if you want to stay longer, I don’t mind.” “I think I really need to change out of these clothes. What’s on the agenda for today” “Hux is holding a meeting to discuss plans for infiltrating the Dyconian System.” He watched her rise out of bed as he spoke. He stood as well, unsure why the air in the room suddenly felt tense. “I’ll pick you up on my way?” “Sure,” she said, stiffly pulling on her cloak and boots. He tried to reach for her mind, looking for any hint as to what was going on behind her hardened expression, but he found nothing. “See you then,” she said as she headed for the door, not even making eye contact now. When he heard his front door open and close, he was still standing there like an idiot, wondering what the hell just happened. A few moments ago he had been the happiest he had been in a long time, possibly ever. Clearly she did not feel the same way. He ran a hand through his hair, pulling hard enough to make it hurt. Obviously she doesn’t feel the same way, you idiot. Would you really expect her to be happy sharing a bed with a monster? It was getting difficult to breathe. He thought about taking his light saber to the utility room down the hall, but no, she would certainly hear about it and think he’s even more of a freak. He settled for an ice cold shower instead. For a little while, he reveled in the numbness. ******** Revan practically sprinted back to her quarters, needing desperately to get away from something. She wasn’t entirely sure what that something was. She slammed her door closed and sank to the floor, feeling like someone had knocked the wind out of her. He hadn’t done anything wrong. On the contrary, he had been kind and compassionate, had gently soothed her back to sleep after her nightmare. She didn’t know how to handle kind and compassionate. Cruel, callous— that she could handle, those were the devils she knew. But when she had woken up to find him looking at her with kind eyes, holding her in the most tender way, adrenal had pumped through her body, screaming at her to get away from this strange and threatening situation. She felt a pang of guilt. He had shown her a side of himself that probably rarely saw the light of day. The fearsome leader of the Knights of Ren, one of the most dreaded men in the galaxy, had attempted to be vulnerable with her. And she might as well have thrown that attempt in the garbage and spat on it. She sighed heavily. This would take some serious repair work. When she answered the door a couple hours later, the mask was on. Now that she had gotten used to seeing him without it, it always bothered her when he put that stupid barrier between him and the rest of the world. And right now, she really needed to talk to him , the human part of him, not the killing machine part. “Can you take off the mask for a minute?” she asked, already knowing what his answer would be. “We really should get going.” She sighed. “Ren, I’m sorry about this morning,” her voice was weaker than she intended it to be.He didn’t respond, and she had no idea what to make of his silence. She looked down to stare at her feet, dwarfed in comparison to his. “I’ve been on my own for a long time. I dunno, I guess I just panicked to wake up and feel… not on my own, for once.” She peered up at him, nervously waiting for his response. “You have nothing to apologize for.” His hand found hers and gave a quick squeeze, and she answered with a smile. “Come on, I’m dying to hear what foolishness Hux has thought up today.”