green goddess (now) Finn sits, adrift in the orange light of a setting sun, perched on the edge of an observation platform high up in an evergreen tree. It’s a warm night, the air soft and humid on his skin, the breeze light; it’s fragrant with fresh rain, sun-warmed leaves, smoke. Through a canopy of branches, filtered by distance, he glimpses the burning lights of the base. There’s music, movement; he sees torches and fairy lights and someone’s cooking meat on an open-pit barbecue while volleys of red blaster-bolts catapult themselves into the sky, riding on loud and chaotic bursts of drunken hollering. “Oh, crap.” Finn turns in time to see a lanky woman muscle the trapdoor the rest of the way open. She’s dressed in a man’s strappy white undershirt, cargo pants, and big brown clunky boots that lace up to her knees. Key cards hang on a long ball-chain from her neck. She’s got a dull metal prosthetic in place of a left arm. “Sorry.” She climbs the rest of the way up, kicks the trapdoor closed. “Hey, Finn.” “Molindi.” He smiles, white teeth flashing. “Hey. Is everything all right at the ground level? You don’t need me for anything, do you?” “Yeah, yeah.” She looks around, clasps herself, holds her long legs in a knock-kneed stance. “Everything’s great, the ground level is five-by.” She rubs her palms up and down on the thighs of her stained khakis. “Everyone’s drinking and raising hell and I guess I thought there wouldn’t be anyone up here. I mean…” Her long, bright green, asymmetrical fringe falls over one eye and she shakes it off with a sharp movement of her head. “I can go, I guess, if you wanna be alone?” “No.” Finn shakes his head. “I mean yeah, I want to be alone, but mostly because I want to get away from all that.” He gestures past his dangling feet at the forest floor. He frowns. “I don’t feel like getting drunk.” “If you want to be by yourself I can get the fuck out.” She grins. “You won’t hurt my feelings, promise.” “Nah.” He grins, pats the boards. “It’s fine with me if it’s fine with you. Come over and have a seat.” Molindi walks across the open platform, drops down beside him. She lets her feet hang over the edge. She leans back, digs into one pocket with her metal hand. Finn watches her. She’s light-skinned, looks young but not too young; she has a pleasant face, stripped-down somehow, her features soft and balanced, pale in in lip and eye. Her scalp is shaved down to blonde fuzz all over her head except for a long thin feathery rim encircling half of her face. Up close, it resembles the spiked and trailing plumage of some exotic bird. “I’ve got a green goddess cigarette,” she says, peeking at him through six different shades of green. Her smile turns sly. Her thin eyebrows go up. “You wanna share?” “What’s a green goddess cigarette?” “You know, happy flower.” She tucks the hair behind her ear and shrugs. “Lightspeed weed. Takodani Thunderfuck.” Finn grins. He starts to laugh, shaking his head. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.” “You smoke it. It’ll mellow you out, you know…make you feel good. Relaxed.” She digs a lighter out of the same pocket and parks the cigarette between her lips. She flicks the lighter and orange light dances across her snub-nosed profile. “It’s way better than being drunk. Liquor’ll just make you pissed off if you’re in the wrong mood for it. But the green goddess brings a double-lungful of peace and tranquility, makes it hard to get all worked up.” She brings the flame to the tip of the cigarette and sucks in, watches fire flash in and out. “It’s pretty great.” “That sounds great.” Finn watches the cigarette smolder. “I’d love to share.” Molindi takes it out of her mouth, puffs out a billowing white cloud of pungent smoke. She holds the cigarette out to him. Her knuckles are scarred and her nails short and blunt, darkened around their rims with grease. Her smile’s loose, her blue eyes dilated. “Knock yourself out.” Finn takes it from her and brings the cigarette to his lips, holds it there. He takes an experimental drag and coughs a little, eyes watering, the cigarette pinched in his fingers. He takes another. The world hazes over. “That’s nice,” he says, handing it back. His muscles slide out from beneath their weight of tension and his eyelids get heavy. “It might just put me to sleep, though.” Molindi shrugs. “That happens sometimes.” She draws in the smoke, lets it drift out through her nose. “Just go with it.” She glances at him. “I’ll make sure you don’t fall.” He reaches for the cigarette. “Thank you.” “It’s nothing.” Molindi laughs, shrugs a shoulder. “Everyone’s celebrating.” Her voice softens. She watches a moth flutter in close to the cigarette’s ember, dance away again. “It’s almost like no one died when Starkiller Base blew.” “My friend was on Starkiller. At least I think she was.” Finn inhales. “When it blew. I dunno. I mean…I hope she wasn’t. Maybe she got out somehow.” “Rey?” Finn nods. “Yeah,” he sighs. Molindi reaches over, plucks the cigarette out of his loosened fingers. “My sister was on Starkiller Base.” She looks past the tree branches to the stars, brings the cigarette to her lips. She inhales. “When it blew.” Finn turns his head. “What?” “Yeah.” Molindi holds out the cigarette. “I have a sister…had a sister, at least, as far as I know. In the First Order.” Her mouth quirks. “If she’s still alive, which she probably isn’t.” She lifts her eyebrows, makes her voice mocking. “It’s quite the family scandal.” Finn blinks. “Does General Organa know?” “No.” Molindi shakes her head, shifts her knees apart. “You’re the first person I’ve told. She and I haven’t spoken since…you know. She joined. I figured it wasn’t worth anything, there’s no strategic value to it, so why bother telling anyone? Strategy is what people care about around here, right?” Finn takes the cigarette, takes a drag. “But you told me.” “Yeah, but…I thought you could relate somehow.” She glances at him. “That’s where you’re from, right? The First Order?” “I don’t remember where I’m from,” says Finn, a tightness in his voice. “But I grew up in the First Order, yeah.” “We had a big fight over it.” Molindi takes the cigarette, holds it down by her knees. “My mom tries to be apolitical about it but my dad…and I…” She shrugs. “Well.” “Do you think there’s any shot that she made it?” “I doubt it, she’s a doctor, assigned directly to Starkiller and from what I’ve seen they had some time to evacuate before the explosion but not enough time.” She takes a quick hit off the cigarette. “The top tier probably made it out alive but I’m not holding my breath for the medical corps even though it would’ve made sense, right?” Molindi rolls her eyes. “But the First Order’s not big on sense.” She makes a bitter face. “I imagine they feel like doctors grow on trees.” “If she’s a doctor they probably got her out, then. They’re keen on recruiting as many of them as possible from outside since First Order medical schools are complete shit. Hey…you know what?” Finn’s face lights up. “I bet she wasn’t even on Starkiller at all! I bet they transferred her out to teach and she’s safe and sound, stationed in some Unknown Territories shithole.” “No, no.” Molindi shakes her head. “I don’t think so. I’m pretty certain she was on Starkiller. Almost a hundred percent.” “How can you be so sure?” “There’s a story,” she sighs. “I mean…isn’t there always?” “I guess so,” says Finn. “She was stationed in the southern hemisphere of this Outer Rim planet that’s colonized by the First Order but the Galactic Health Organization maintains a clinic there for some reason?” Molindi uses the sole of her boot to stub out the smoldering remains of the cigarette. She shakes her head. “I don’t know, everything about the Republic is so fucking corrupt it’s hard to tell what’s true and what isn’t, but she was there and I know that’s a fact. Word on the ground is that there was some kind of crash out in the middle of the Redlands, it’s just kilometers and kilometers and kilometers of dune lands, you have to understand, imagine that, and she rescued some big woo-woo higher-up in the Order…” “Nambi?” Finn turns toward her. “Are you talking about Nambi Outpost?” “Yeah!” Molindi flicks the dead butt off the edge of the platform and swivels around, locks eyes with him. She pulls her legs up, folds them. “She was stationed in… “Neva Cathari airspace,” says Finn, nodding. “Yeah, there’s a clinic that’s like fifteen hundred kilometers outside of Neva Cathari, something like that, I’ve heard of it. Hell’s Dustbowl. Real back-country armpit of the planet type stuff, right?” “Yeah!” Molindi grins, nods vigorously. “That’s exactly it! She was deployed out there and so this crash happens and as luck would have it she’s got this one survivor who happens to be…” “Kylo Ren.” Finn nods. His smile broadens. “I’ve heard this story.” Molindi blinks. “Kylo Ren?” “Yeah, it was Kylo Ren.” Finn studies the shocked look on her face. “Wait.” His grin starts to fade. “You didn’t know that part?” “No…no.” Molindi closes her eyes, shakes her head. “I didn’t. I...did not.” She opens her eyes, makes an exasperated face. “No, she left that part out.” She sighs, shakes her head. “Of course she did.” “Oh.” Finn watches her face. “Huh. I guess I don’t understand.” He furrows his brow. “She left that part out? Why?” “Search me.” Molindi shrugs, slaps her hands onto her thighs. She widens her eyes. “Yeah, no, she never said anything about Kylo Ren, all she said was that some higher-up in the Order crashed and that he was lucky she was there to save his life.” “Once she got him to the outpost, I’m sure Hux wooed her pretty hard to stay.” “Yeah.” “I remember when that happened, that was…” Finn looks up into the forest canopy. Fireflies wink on and off, stitch yellow flare-lights into the dark. “Like a year ago, right? I mean a galactic standard year?” “I think so, yeah.” Molindi smiles, but it flickers on and off her face. “It was something like that.” “Everyone was talking about it.” Finn shakes his head, snorts laughter. “Everyone. For weeks. The story I heard, I mean this one version of it, was something else too. They talked it up into some real she carried him on her back, barefoot in the burning desert, uphill both ways, fighting off rathtars kind of shit.” “Yeah…well.” Molindi laughs. “Let’s just say that the version I heard was way less embellished.” “Really?” “Yeah. Ivako copped to boosting a couple of speeders, but that’s it.” “And they had to sleep in caves, right? And trade their blood to get a ride on a freighter? And she had to do some kind of surgery?” Finn watches her face. “I heard that Kylo Ren had to fight off a kell dragon with his bare hands.” He starts to grin. “Is that true?” Molindi throws her head back and laughs. “I don’t know anything about that, but I do know that it sounds like pure bullshit.” Finn puts a hand on her shoulder. “I’m sorry about your sister, Molindi.” “Yeah.” She hugs herself. “Thanks.” She looks in Finn’s eyes. “And I’m sorry about Rey. She sounds like…you know, cool shit.” “Rey is the best shit ever.” Molindi holds his gaze, presses her wavering mouth into a line. She bursts into giggles. “I’m sorry. That sounds…” She waves her hands, covers her mouth with them. “I’m sorry. The green goddess also kinda makes you really silly.” “I see that.” An urge to laugh blows through his chest, surfaces into a grin. “Yeah.” “You wanna get out of here?” Molindi stands. “Go for a ride?” “Where to?” “Not sure yet.” She hugs herself, looks up at the stars. “I just want to get off this rock, you know? I can’t deal with all this revelry. It turns my stomach.” Finn stands. “Can you fly like this? You know…with the goddess in you?” “Oh hell yes.” Molindi snorts. “I fly like this all the time.” “I’m not sure that’s comforting.” She walks to the trapdoor, squats. She hauls it up. “So you in or out?” Finn shrugs. “I guess I’m in.” “Hot damn.” She maneuvers herself through the trapdoor hole, looks up at him with a mischievous grin. Her eyes glint in the blue half-dark. “Let’s blow this junk heap, yeah? What do you say?” Finn thinks of Rey. His throat gets tight. “I say hey,” he says, voice soft. He looks at the empty ladder. A firefly crosses it the hole in the floor, blinks on and off. Chapter 2 : i'll go wherever you go (now) Notes: Um...trigger warning for...I'm not sure? Intense emotional rawness? Having someone actually fucking believe you when you admit that your family member was an abusive fuckhole? Nothing in this chapter is graphic, but I'm an abuse survivor myself and writing this chapter triggered the fuck out of me, so I thought I'd extend a little kindness in the form of a warning to anyone else who might be a survivor, too. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “You trust her?” Ivako nods, yanks the blinds closed against a molten flood of setting sunlight; it creeps through the seams, blazes lines of bright orange across the stucco walls. “I do.” “Why?” She goes to the mussed-up bed, pushes aside a tangled pile of woven cotton blankets. She turns, sits. She looks at Kylo. “Why don’t you?” A corner of his mouth slides up into a moody twitch and he looks away. “I don’t know.” He shrugs. “I guess I feel like I shouldn’t because…” Ivako’s eyebrows go up. “Because you don’t know?” His eyes flick to hers, gone dark in the substandard light. “I can’t make sense of it right now, okay?” “She’s given me no reason not to.” Ivako pulls her legs up onto the bed, folds them. “If she says she can fix the speeder and that she can hunt down the parts to do it, I’m going to roll with it.” “It’s not suited to the dust.” Kylo squints at the window, a long bar of reddened light slanting across his face. He’s slumped onto a battered wicker chaise; one long naked foot juts off the end, the other trailing sideways on the stone floor. He’s wearing the unbleached cotton pants and knee-length tunic of the desert-dwellers, his thick hair pulled back into a stubby bun. One arm loops up over his head; with the other he’s scratching at sooty irregularities in the wall’s stucco. “You’d think the outpost might know enough to have speeders outfitted for the dust.” He stops picking at the wall and turns his head, holds his hand up between his face and the blinds. “This fucking light.” It falls hot across his palm. “It’s burning my eyes.” “The sun will be down soon enough,” sighs Ivako. “You can come over here if you don’t like it.” He looks her over. “I know.” Ivako makes a face. “Not for that.” “She’s gone.” He shrugs. “Why not?” Ivako arches an eyebrow. “I thought we weren’t going to do that anymore.” He smiles a little. “Do what?” She folds her arms. “Fuck instead of talk.” Kylo pulls himself out of the chaise, climbs onto his feet, crosses the tiny room in two striding steps and eases himself onto his knees beside the edge of the bed. She watches his face. He takes hold of her wrists, bites his lip and looks down as he tugs gently on her folded arms until she sighs, lets her hands fall onto their backs on the bed. He gathers up the hem of her caftan, pushes it up past her waist. Ivako closes her eyes. Kylo puts his chin on her knee and fits his hand to the smooth outward curve of her belly, cups her navel in his palm. He sits on his heels. He glances up at her and turns his head, kisses the inside of her thigh. She lets out a soft breath. His long fingers flex on her skin. “Are we going to talk about this?” “This isn’t talking, Kylo.” “I’m making sounds with my mouth that you understand,” he murmurs, unfolding her legs. He places each foot onto the floor, caresses the fullest parts of her calves. He pushes her knees apart. “Isn’t that what talking is?” “Yes, but…” He takes her by the hips, pulls her across the mattress until his lips touch her belly. “Let’s talk.” She looks down and rests a light, tented hand on his hair. “It’s a baby, Kylo.” He holds onto her waist and presses soft, open-mouthed kisses into her skin. “How?” “How do you think?” Ivako closes her eyes, smells heat and dust; he nuzzles below her navel and she digs her fingers into his bun. “You put it there.” “Don’t you have the chip?” She pulls his bead back. “Yes, but it doesn’t always work.” He looks up, puts his chin on her belly. He lifts his eyebrows. “Ow.” She shakes his head a little. “This still isn’t talking, Kylo.” He puts his arms around her waist, rests his cheek on the slope of her belly. “Okay,” he sighs. “Talk.” “It’s a girl.” Ivako makes circles between his shoulder blades, smiles a little. “You’re going to have a daughter.” He leans his head back, looks up. A faint line appears between his eyebrows. His voice softens. “Why didn’t you tell me?” Ivako takes her hand off him and shakes her head a little, closes her eyes. “I don’t…” She touches her forehead, wrinkles her brow. “I don’t know.” “Yes, you do.” He pulls away. “I don’t believe you.” “Fine.” She flutters her hands up by her face, lets them fall. “Don’t.” Kylo pushes himself off the edge of the bed, stands up. “This is why we don’t talk.” “Because everything’s my fault, right? I don’t answer the way you want right away the first time and now you’re going to go sulk somewhere.” She yanks her caftan back down. “Why don’t you go sulk all the way back to the First Order while you’re at it.” “So that’s what this is about.” He turns, takes a step back. “You’re afraid I’ll go back.” “Won’t you? Aren’t you? I don’t know. No one knows because no one around here ever talks about anything.” Ivako narrows her eyes, raises her voice. “What are you even doing here?” “We’re talking now.” He jabs his palm at her. “That’s what this is, right? Talking? So what do you want to talk about?” He moves forward, shifts a shoulder in her direction. He scowls. “My daughter, or whether or not I’m going back to the First Order?” Ivako rolls her eyes, shakes her head. “Both?” Kylo moves a hand over his mouth, shifts his weight forward. He looks down. He searches her face. “Why didn't you tell me you were pregnant?” Ivako’s mouth presses into a line. She looks away, rubs the back of her neck. “Because I didn’t think you would handle it well.” He tilts his head, follows her eyes with his. “What does that mean, exactly?” She closes her eyes briefly, sighs through her nose. “That’s code for you losing your shit, Kylo.” She lets her hand fall into her lap and hugs herself and looks down, lowers her voice. “Don’t pretend that you have any control over your shit. Don’t waste my time by doing that.” “You thought I would…what? Yell at you?” He raises his voice. “Hit you? Throw things?” There’s a pause and his mouth trembles through it, nostrils flaring. His voice breaks. “Kill you?” Ivako lifts her chin, looks in his eyes. “All of those things crossed my mind.” “You thought I would kill you.” He searches her eyes. “I don’t know what to say to that.” “Say…” Ivako shrugs, looks to one side. “I don’t know.” She cups her elbows. “Say whatever you want to say.” Kylo stands over her, breathes a little harder. There’s ice and gravel in his words. “I would never kill you.” “Yeah, okay.” Ivako’s eyes burn and she covers her face with her hands. She grits her teeth. “Because what you’re doing right now so totally contradicts that idea. I don’t know why I would think that.” “What? “ He steps back, looks down at himself. “What am I doing?” He hold his hands out, palms up. "What am I doing now?” Ivako sniffles and rubs under her eyes. “Maybe we should talk about Rey instead.” He hunches his back a little, cups his elbows. He nods. “Maybe.” She looks up into his face. “You knew. That she was your sister.” She wipes her nose. “You already knew. You knew it when you saw her.” “Yeah.” Kylo lets out a long sigh, glances around. He shuffles his feet, looks at the floor. His eyebrows go up. “I suspected as much.” He flattens his mouth. “Yes.” “And you couldn’t tell me that.” Ivako’s eyes fill with tears. “You couldn’t tell me before I went in there. You couldn’t tell me that was why you wanted her treated.” Her voice lowers, bottoms out into something guttural. “You couldn’t tell me. You couldn’t tell me.” She raises her voice. “And you wonder.” She pushes herself off the bed, steps up close to him. “You wonder why.” She makes fists, pulls in a ragged tear-laden breath. “This is why.” She looks up. “Fuck you.” “What would you have done differently?” Kylo looks at her upper arms and lifts his hands to waist-level, lets them drop. He shifts his weight from one foot to the other and back again, looks in her eyes. “Is there anything you would’ve done differently had you known?” He closes his eyes briefly, lets out a short sigh. “Had I told you?” She looks up into his eyes. Her voice is soft. “No.” He looks down his nose and his mouth slants, trembles a little in one corner. His voice lowers into a growl. “Why does it matter?” Ivako holds his gaze. “It matters.” It comes out half-snarl, half-sneer. “Because you won’t talk to me.” The words catch in her clenched teeth. “That’s why it matters.” Kylo looks in her eyes and she watches them darken, the pupils getting bigger, his mouth reddening, and when he lifts up a hand goes to touch her face with it she sucks in a quick breath and jumps at the heat of him hovering so close to her skin. “Your face is red.” His eyes roam over her face. He breathes a little harder. “You’re shaking.” “It’s because I’m angry.” Ivako looks at his mouth. Her words come out close to a whisper. “I don’t want to get into this with you.” She turns and looks down, speaks close to his palm. “But I have to.” “Kiss me,” he murmurs. She shakes her head. “No.” Kylo puts his fingers on one cheekbone and his thumb on the other, holds his palm just over her lips. He looks at her face. “Do it. My hand.” His voice wavers a little. “Kiss my hand.” Ivako turns her head one way, then the other; he keeps his hand there. She reaches up, wraps her fingers around his wrist. “Why?” He watches her, breathes hard. “Because it’s the first thing you did to me.” “No.” She closes her eyes. “The first thing I did to you,” she half-whispers, sliding his palm up over the side of her face, “was save you from choking to death on your own blood.” He rubs the side of this thumb against the corner of her mouth. “You know what I’m talking about.” She pulls the inside of his wrist up, presses her lips to it. She lifts her eyes to his. “So do you.” “I came this far with you.” Kylo watches her step back, lift the caftan up over her head. “Do you really think I’d go back now?” She tosses it onto the floor. “There’s a lot I don’t know.” “What are you doing?” She turns, looks back at him over her shoulder. “Getting into bed.” “Why?” Ivako pulls back the sheet, climbs onto the bed. She folds her legs up, tucks her feet under the covers. She starts to take down her hair. “It’s getting dark.” He licks his lips. “That’s not why.” She runs her fingers through her hair. She shakes it out and turns, slides down onto her side. She pulls the sheet up past her hips. Kylo lets his eyes roam over her back. “What do you want?” She muffles her voice with a pillow. “Are you going back?” His voice softens. “No.” She pulls the pillow over her head. “Is this you officially defecting from the First Order?” Her chest gets tight. Her breath makes her face hot. “Is that what you’re doing?” “I’ll go…” He sucks in a breath and his voice wavers, thins out into a broken murmur. “I’ll go wherever you go.” She shakes her head. “But that’s not…you can’t…” “No.” Kylo climbs onto the bed and grabs her by the upper arm, flips her over onto her back. “You don’t get to do that.” He shakes his head. “You don’t get to tell me that my answer is bad, or somehow…” She slides her arms on the bed and he takes hold of her wrists, presses them down. He looks into her face. “Or somehow wrong.” She turns her head and he follows, keeps his eyes locked on hers. “If I say that I’ll go where you go, then I will go where you go. Don’t make this into an argument.” “But I…I don’t believe that you would just…leave everything, for me. I’m not that girl.” Her chin quivers and she closes her eyes, shakes her head. “I don’t believe that you could. I just…I can’t see it.” “Why not?” She turns her head the other way and his grip tightens; he shifts weight onto his forearms, leans to one side. He rests his temple on the mattress. The tip of his nose touches the tip of hers. He lowers his voice. “You did it for me.” “That’s not what happened,” she whispers. “Oh?” Kylo straddles her and bends down, kisses her cheek. “You sure about that?” Ivako closes her eyes. “Let me go.” He straightens up, shifts his weight onto his knees. He releases her wrists. “I have nothing to go back to. How about that?” His eyebrows lift. “Does that argument make more sense to you? Can you accept that?” “No.” Ivako shakes her head. “Don’t be…I don’t know. Dramatic. Of course you do.” “No.” Kylo shakes his head, puts his fingers on her mouth. “I don’t.” “Why?” “You don’t understand. I rejected Snoke’s tracker.” He sighs and turns onto his side. “Um…” He stretches out, looks up at the ceiling. “When I did it, I just didn’t want anyone to follow me, I wanted to be able to…well, be alone with you, truly alone, for as long as I wanted, without anything or anyone hanging over me. It was…childish.” He shifts onto his back. “Doing that was…it was a failure, on my part, as a Knight of Ren and as a commander of the First Order. I was putting you ahead of my training, and ahead of Snoke’s plans for me. So while you say that I could go back, if I did, Snoke would know that all of those things are true. About me.” He sighs, rubs a hand over this face. “He thought I should kill you.” He softens his voice. “He told me to. I wouldn’t do it.” Ivako’s guts plunge into ice. The red light of the sun has softened into pink and it spreads up the wall like a blush. The shadows in the corners of the room deepen. She starts to shiver. Kylo reaches for the blankets, brings them up around her shoulders. “He’s furious that I wouldn’t and he’ll be furious when he learns what I’ve done.” He puts his arms around her. She rests her head on his shoulder. He rubs her back. “He’d lose his mind if he knew there was a baby.” “That’s why I left.” He’s hot the way a hardpan desert is hot in the middle of the night; the immense energy of him bakes up through his skin. She starts to sweat. “In a couple more months, anyone with Force sensitivity will be able to feel the baby. Not to mention that by then I’ll actually look pregnant.” “What you mean is that I would’ve been able to feel the baby.” Kylo puts his hand on her belly. “That I would’ve noticed the changes in your body.” “Yes.” She turns over, pulls a pillow underneath her cheek. “I’m talking about you.” “Don’t be scared of me.” Kylo’s voice cracks into a half-whisper. “I wouldn’t hurt you. Not you.” He kisses her shoulder. “Never you.” “I don’t know you.” Ivako’s eyes burn. “Not the way I should.” He puts an arm around her, hugs her tight. “If you need me to say it, I will.” He moves the hair off the back of her neck, kisses her there. “I love you.” “What’s the story behind the bowcaster bolt?” He stiffens. “You’re hiding that from me,” she half-whispers. “I know you are. I can feel it.” His breathing turns irregular. “I don’t want to talk about that.” Tears streak her cheeks. “I know.” “You want me to.” Ivako turns over. She puts a hand on his wet face and he flinches away. She bites her lip. Kylo closes his eyes and she touches just the tears, wipes them away. His mouth slackens, starts to shake. She hesitates, rests a hand on his cheek. His face twists into a pained and hideous grimace and he squeezes his eyes shut. Ivako brushes loose hair off his face, kisses his forehead. He starts to sob. She sighs through her nose, leans her forehead into his. “It’s okay.” He shakes his head. No . “Yes.” He makes an anguished sound, presses his wet mouth to hers. What are ---Ivako closes her eyes and he curls his big hands around her face, smothers her mouth with his, bites her bottom lip, holds her head still--- what is ---his breath is choppy; he bares his teeth and takes hold of her wrists and slams them down. “Kylo,” she whispers. “Stop.” He loosens his grip but doesn’t let go and he slides her hands up on the rumpled sheet until her knuckles touch. He puts his face in her neck, opens his mouth, struggles to control his breathing. I can’t be Kylo anymore . His fingers get tight again. I threw that name away . “What happened?” Fresh tears wet her skin. His body moves like he’s sobbing but the only sound is the harsh scrape and saw of his breath. I’m afraid you won’t love me anymore . “Tell me,” she whispers. He lifts himself up, looks down at her; his eyes are red, his cheeks feverish and wet, his mouth swollen and gleaming with snot. Let go of me . He does. She reaches up, wipes his mouth. She cups his moist and livid cheeks in her palms. She looks in his eyes. “What happened?” He blinks. Hot tears land on her face. “I killed my father.” Ivako’s eyebrows twitch. She purses her lips briefly. She breathes through her nose. “Did he need killing?” His mouth stills. What? “You heard me.” There’s a trembling, brittle edge to her voice. “Was he a bad person?” She wipes fresh tears away with her thumbs. “Did he hurt you?” “Yes.” His face slackens. His mouth gapes open. “He did.” “Then good.” She wipes under his nose. “I’m glad.” His eyes get big. He searches her face. I…I don’t know what to say . “Don’t say anything.” She lifts her head off the mattress, kisses him. “You don’t have to.” He looks in her eyes. You believe me . “Of course I do.” He stares at her for a long moment. No one has ever believed me . “I did my internship and residency on Coruscant. Maybe you forgot that, I don’t know, but I have seen it all. Every possible thing. I’ve treated unspeakable injuries. I know precisely what horrors parents are capable of inflicting upon their children, and in my experience, when a child gets angry enough to kill one of their parents, or both of them, whatever happened at home was pretty fucking awful. Which---by the way, I don’t need to know, you don’t have to tell me, you don’t have to justify yourself.” He blinks several times. His mouth moves but no sound comes out. Ivako sits up. “So if you tell me that your father hurt you, that he needed killing, I’m going to hope and pray right fucking now that I never cross paths with your mother because if I do I’ll probably just…just…throat-punch her on sight because if there’s anything I have even less patience for, it’s mothers who fail to protect their children. There’s no acceptable reason for it. None.” He moves back on the bed, kneels. He looks at her like she’s suddenly foreign, something simultaneously strange and holy. “None.” Her tone gets sharper. “None at all.” She climbs out of bed and goes to the refrigerator, pulls out two bottles of blossom beer. “I’ve heard every story, too, and it’s all absolute fucking mouth-diarrhea.” She twists the caps off. “Do you want a glass?” “Um.” Ivako looks up. “Do you want a glass?” “Sure.” He nods. “Okay.” “This stuff is pretty sweet,” she says, pouring it into a tall narrow glass. “And we haven’t had anything to eat since noon, so…you know, sip it. Otherwise it might turn your stomach, or give you a sugar rush.” His voice is quiet. “Okay.” Ivako carries the glass back to the bed. She hands it to him and sits, takes a swig. “What do I call you?” He looks up from the mouth of the glass. “What?” “If you don’t want to be Kylo anymore, I can respect that.” She nods at the glass. “Take a sip. It will make you feel better.” He lifts the glass to his lips, takes a tiny sip. “Sweet, yeah.” He licks his lips and winces a little. “You’re not kidding.” “No,” she says, looping a long bit of hair behind one of his ears. “But it’s got very mild sedative properties.” “What about you?” He looks at her belly. “Should you be drinking this?” “It’s very mild.” She watches him. “Is it Ben? Is that your birth name?” He nods. “Yes.” “I have to call you something.” She holds the bottle close to her mouth. “Do you want me to call you that?” “I guess…” He sighs, looks toward the window. “I can…” He closes his eyes. “I can be his son, I can bear it, if he’s...” “Dead?” He takes a bigger sip. “Yes.” “Are you sorry you did it?” His face hardens for a split second and he stares at the window, his body gone still, the corners of his mouth tight. “No.” “Okay.” She puts her bottle down. “Okay.” Notes: I can be honest and say that there's a lot of discourse happening in this fandom with regard to Kylo and his parents that bothers me. It's really obvious to me that a) something really fucking awful happened to Ben Solo as a child, b) Han displays a lot of sociopathic traits, and c) Leia comes off as potentially narcissistic, so d) at best they were completely unable to protect him from outside abusers and at worst participated in the abuse themselves. Their behavior had an active hand in creating the human disaster that is Kylo Ren. I am not here for anyone's victim-blaming bullshit, so if you're one of those people who flat-out refuses to entertain the notion that Han and Leia may have abused their child, or who feels like Ben was just a "bad seed" or has "too much Vader in him," I'll thank you to keep that shit to yourself and/or to fuck right the hell off. Seriously. I don't want you here. To everyone else---thank you. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the Palimpsest series