It appears he had been given another errand. Ben Solo glanced at the task in front of him, sprawled over his desk which was barely used, therefore creating a contrast with the white sheets of the assignment against the bare, brown wood. He, not only as the senator’s son, had often gotten little missions he was to accomplish. He hadn’t even read this one yet, fresh out of the shower as he dried his wavy black hair that curled when he took the towel down, letting it fall onto his shoulders. Leia had grown accustomed to her son being sent on errands of the growing Republic, although she was always worried every time he left the planet, which wasn’t unusual for him. The young Solo had went on his first mission when he was approximately fifteen years old, it had been a simple task involving an imperial spy amongst the ranks of the republic. One which he easily rooted out, thanks to his strong gift of the force. This mission, however, was only him alone, which was surprising. He had gone by the codename ‘Kylo Ren’. It was ridiculous to have a codename, his mother thought, but he kind of liked it, proudly came up with it himself. Alas, he continued completing small tasks utilizing the force, where he had help from his uncle, Luke skywalker. A cheery person, often joking. Pleasant to be around. For everyone else but Ben, that is. Not carrying a particular fondness for the man, he often strayed from Luke’s pleads and rules. Frankly, he did not care, since nobody found out. Despite his rebellious behaviour, however, Ben solo had never taken a life before. Which was why he would find this assignment in front of him so menacing, but enjoyable all the same. About a week ago, a dark era of the whole universe began. Undeterred by Leia’s warnings to the senate, the first order, a not extraordinarily large yet still threatening force had risen from the ashes of the empire, and had went as far as destroying the Hosnian system as an attack on the senate. Eradicating billions of lives and the republic’s capital, with a single blow. It had been a devastating blast to the republic, yet… The first order had failed to destroy them. The remnants banded together, joining the resistance which gloriously took out the treacherous weapon, the starkiller base. It had been marvellous revenge to see the officers of the first order crumble along with the planet they had used to snuff out so many men, humans and other species alike. The Solo family had lost somebody that day: Han Solo had been on the planet when it was blown up by the First Order. And the man that was leading them was General Hux. Or at least, that is what the republic, resistance and ben solo were lead to believe. That man had given the command to fire that superweapon, and even he had managed to escape the ruins of the planet and flee by shuttle, as one of the last survivors of the First Orders troops that had been on star killer base. Now take three guesses to Ben Solos assignment. Ben Solo, known as Kylo Ren to some, pulled his small desk chair back and sat down in it, the old wood creaking when his weight shifted onto it. He really needed a better apartment. But since his (quite temporary) apartment on Hosnian prime had been destroyed by the First Order, he really had no other choice. All the other houses or apartments were either too expensive or too cheap, and this was the closest to a middle thing. Even his mother couldn’t get him a suitable apartment. Not that he expected her to, with all the chaos sweeping around right now, even after their siege over the first order. He took the pale paper in his hands, scanning the lines with his hazel eyes. The corner of his lips jerked when he had read the first sentence, the summary of what he was assigned to do. But it wasn’t a smile. ‘Capture General Aster Alduin Hux, bring him to the Resistance base in D’Qar. Alive.’ It was the last word that bothered him so. General Hux would receive the death penalty after a trial anyways… But if that was the wish of the higher-ups, then he would obey. In case his mother got into any more trouble because of him… And thanks to the stress of their family’s recent loss, he did not wish that upon Leia. But nobody said anything about bringing him back… unharmed, right? The rest of the Paper was just possible locations and details that he skipped over. What surprised him most was that he was sent alone, and it was indicated that other force in-sensitive people would just be in his way… Oh well, it would be a joy to get revenge for all the souls he has taken, especially Hans. Or so Ben hoped. - Ben hooked his lightsaber to his belt that wrapped around a loose black tunic, holding it in place. Wide sleeves, that weren’t too long accompanied by a pair of black trousers and pants. He didn’t care much about what he wore, aside from it not being any colour lighter than dark grey. His mother had always found it ridiculous and muttered about what bright colours Ben wore when he was little, which always made him shamefully embarrassed. But right now he was focusing on the task at hand, stuffing the paper into his pocket and tossing a grey robe on as he made his way to the door of his quite small apartment. Not cramped, just small. But perfect for Ben Solo’s few belongings. He would make this monster, this aberration… this soulless bastard pay for what he had done. Ben unlocked his door and stepped out of his apartment, turning to re-lock it. While sauntering down the stairs, he wondered how it must be for that man, no, that… animal, to know what he has done. Kill mothers, fathers, betrothed, friends that had lasted a lifetime. To end countless cultures, extinguish so many kinds of creatures, destroy so many things that had yet to be discovered. He questioned if General Hux truly knew what he had done. He figured he would soon find out, ‘borrowing’ a shuttle from this planets star-port. The way there, he had pulled his hood over his face. The young Solo disliked being recognized, always called out in the middle of the street… those people only obstructed his way. He powered up the ship, leaving the port as he engaged autopilot, typing in the coordinates of the General’s possible location. Ben, now Kylo Ren while he was out on duty, punched in the serial code of the Hux’s assumed escape shuttle into the small, accessible computer built into the ship with its small holo-screen. It was a first order spacecraft, about which they didn’t have more than a first sighting and picture. Not too big, but very easy signal to pick up on Radar. He got disinterested staring at the holo-projection after five minutes, averting his eyes to the passing stars. It gave Ren a feeling of accomplishment, knowing that he would be the one to subdue the genocidal General Hux. Rens ship was swift; passing countless of stars as he slowly approached the coordinates. It wouldn’t take more than half an hour, which was pretty convenient. Kylo Ren stood up, stretching his limbs. His shoulder always quietly cracked, something that couldn’t be healthy, but it hadn’t cause pain yet so Ren didn’t give it much attention. He should really start the habit of checking his equipment before rushing into battle. So he glimpsed at his lightsaber, tugged at his belt and made sure his grey robe was comfortably sitting on his shoulders. No, no, he had to make a mental adjustment: He was not going to rush into battle; he was going to apprehend the general and peacefully bring him to D’Qar… At least he hoped so. The shuttle was rather small, but for a single person, it was just right. It had two benches at the sides, a storage compartment at the back accompanied by a bathroom. Kylo Ren stalked over to said bathroom, propping his hands at each side of the sink, grimly glaring at the man in the mirror, whose face was split by a pink scar. The Jedi did not wish to think about that mission. Jedi, yes. That is how Ren saw himself. That’s what everybody referred to him as. He pulled his robe deeper into his face, turning away from the reflection. Ren really needed to concentrate on capturing the General, in one piece. Okay, maybe not in one piece, but at least alive. After a few hours of useless pondering on what to say, the cockpit beeped, the monitor flashing to life. They, well, Ren was approaching the coordinates. He sat down in the cockpit chair, wiping the seat before doing so. You could never know who sat there before. The numbers he had been given weren’t coordinates of the General, but estimated of where he would go after the escape, calculated from his earlier flight pattern until he cut the signal, making him unable to track. So Ren had to wait a while, maybe lurk in the shadows of a nearby moon, and hunt his prey like a mighty predator. Kylos fingers were tapping against the control panel as he impatiently stared into the vacuum of space. There were a few nearby planets, but they were pretty far away, and the only light source in the still shuttle was a sun, which was too far away to harm Ren from looking into it. He had turned off the energy source of the shuttle, it was off radars for now… So Kylo Ren waited. During this Period of Time, Ren had to control his breath, had to clench his fist and loosen it again. Only now did the Jedi properly register what he was about to do, and a gruesome expression crept over his visage. He would get Revenge for his father. Make that cruel being know how much it hurt him, watching his mother sink to the floor, clutching his son’s hands as she cried. He would make that bastard see what he did. And there, in the endless volume of blackness sprinkled with stars and planets, was a grey-red coloured imperial ship, very faint to see, but Ren could feel it. The darkness that it carried with it. The single man that was trying to flee from his fate. General Hux had arrived. Chapter 2 Summary: Ren approaches the genocidal General in person. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ren had to act fast, before he lost the General or he started to flee once Rens motors were back on. So Ren’s ship roared to life, flying out from the moons shadow, trailing the imperial craft and slowly drawing closer. The general was alone in the shuttle. Maybe his enemy had believed that he was accompanied by someone, anyone, maybe a few Stormtroopers… Yet he was completely by himself. Which made the situation he was in so dire: A resistance ship was on the move, gradually catching up. Where the hell did it come from? The pilot must’ve hid from this ships Radar… Hux gritted his teeth, hastily pulling the seatbelt into the buckle before taking manual control over the ship, pulling the steering device up, making a sharp turn downwards. The republican shuttle was close to follow. Ren pulled a few screens open, one opening the data on his own ship, the other on the General’s craft. With delight he saw that his ship could outfly the imperial’s, and averted his eyes back to the view in front of him, closely trailing the General. Believe it or not, General Hux was an excellent pilot, yet his aim wasn’t exactly spot on. They always had programs for that in the first order, and he just lacked the skill, the feeling for aiming with a ship’s gun such as this. But that didn’t stop him from shooting. The General faced the ship behind him with the canons at the roof of the shuttle and fired. Crap. Ren took a sharp swerve to the right, the laser fire missing his own shuttle by an inch- no, shit, it had hit, but nothing vital. He hadn’t expected the general to fire at him… It was completely irrational, yet Kylo activated his own firearm, aiming at the racing shuttle in front of him, and took a few shots. Hux anticipated him to shoot back, taking an abrupt veer to the left. The shooters had missed him... Or at least Hux expected them to be me more than one man, not ceasing his attack on this hostile ship as he searched for a planet he could take cover at. The nearest was a bluish orb-looking planet, possible covered in ice and snow. Maybe not the best choice, but the only choice right now. The General was entering the atmosphere of the nearby planet. It was impossible to identify a planet just by looking at it, and Ren hadn’t paid enough attention in galaxy studies to know where they were according to the coordinates. But he followed, still shooting at the General. Maybe he shouldn’t have, because he actually hit, hit the imperial spacecraft’s wing. Which was definitely nothing good, the systems flaring to life, coating Hux’s cockpit in a red, alarming light. He cursed under his breath, taking his ship lower and lower. He needed a runway, fuck, or he would crash completely. Should he… try it on the ice?! There was really no other option. The imperial space craft had made it through the horizon, swiftly losing altitude as Hux searched the sky for any long ice way he could possible land on. The shuttle had no tires (of course not), which reduced the friction and the possibility of fire. Alright, he could make this. Ren uttered profanity as he watched the ship descend. Balls, what now?! He’d be in big trouble if the general lost his life because of a truly foolish decision he had made… And most of all, he wouldn’t be able to get his revenge. Oh, Hux had absolutely no intention of dying here. Whatever control he had left over the shuttle, he used it, trying to get the craft to lower in a steep manner. Hell, he (sort of) managed to succeed, the ship creaking in protest. The wing tip was almost completely ripped off, giving the craft a very unstable descend as it roared its way down the sky, a trail of smoke following it. Ren was amazed how the General or his crew managed to keep the imperial space craft in such stable condition... It was a miracle and an even bigger one if he survived. But meanwhile, his own ship had started issuing warnings. Apparently, what Hux had hit was indeed vital. Namely… the engine. Steering like a maniac, he brought the ship down in an abrupt landing. But Ren had managed to settle the ship down before the engine actually died. Holy hell, a few seconds later and he could’ve lost his life. Remarkably, the General was a good pilot. He managed to bring the plane meters from the ground. And when the ship skid along the ice, it wasn’t nearly as rattling as he had believed… at least until it the shuttle flipped to its bottom, knocking Hux around so violently, his already damaged seat buckle unfastened, tossing him off the seat and probably giving him a concussion when he hit the control panel and passed out. - It took Ren about five minutes to run to the crash site. It was clear to see, the weather was surprisingly sunny (although cold), and the smoke that was rising from the crash slash land site was grey and visible for miles around it. Kylo Ren hurried to the ship. It was tattered, broken at many places, the wing completely off and dented at many spots. With a speck of concentration, he ripped the door off its hinges, tossing it behind him before storming inside. It was… pretty empty? He had believed there to be more men. Maybe a pilot. But, it had been Hux himself the whole time… That sure surprised him. It also surprised him to find the General completely knocked out, sprawled over the floor. Kylo Ren squatted down to the body, holding his fingers at the General’s neck (which wasn’t very pleasant for him) to check for any symbol of life. He didn’t know how to feel when he realized he was alive. Relieved, he guessed, that he wouldn’t get into trouble because he had accidently killed the prisoner that had to be delivered alive… to receive a death sentence? At any rate, he should probably get this genocidal maniac out of here before something really kills him... The wing had stopped burning, which was a wonder. Probably due to the cold temperatures. It hadn’t bothered Ren too much, the weather. Climate seldom disturbed him, except maybe heat. He disliked too hot weather. Not that he’d get much of that here. He grimaced as he gripped the unconscious General under the arms, dragging him out of the cockpit. Oh, brilliant, the murderous psychopath had knocked his head apparently, and his already orange hair along with a quarter of his face was covered in blood, his own. The Jedi groaned, hoisting the bloody mess onto his back. He couldn’t express how much he disliked having to carry the enemy, not to mention the murderer of his father… What bothered him as well was that this man was incredibly light. He had expected him to be muscle under that silly greatcoat of his, but he was beginning to doubt that. Cocking his head to the left so he didn’t have to come into contact with the general’s face, he exited the broken imperial shuttle. Kylo Ren wasn’t exactly fond of this action of his, but he didn’t have a choice. Maybe this idiot had gotten a concussion. A childish part of Ren worried that the blow to the head had maybe caused him to lose his memory (even though that was ridiculous), and that he couldn’t be put on trial for those reasons. He quickly shoved those idiotic thoughts out of his head, he hadn’t paid enough attention in biology to make those assumptions. The ice was incredibly slippery, now that Ren wasn’t as light on his feet anymore. The Jedi glanced behind him as they had halfway crossed the cold path in this snowy landscape. To prevent the general from slipping on his back, he made a buckling movement, jolting the man on his torso slightly higher. What a pain… he’d probably have to tend to his enemy as well. Just the thought of giving any indication of kindness towards this man sent uncomfortable shivers down his spine. The Jedi almost kicked open the door to the resistance shuttle before realizing that you had to push it to the side, quickly glancing at the General to hope he didn’t notice his embarrassing mistake. It was like pulling a door that was labelled ‘push’. The Jedi grabbed the General by the left arm, pulling him from his back, hauling him onto the bench with the black, flat standard issue cushioning. Probably still made the fall uncomfortable, Ren hadn’t exactly been careful while hurling him onto the seat. His ship had been supplied with a first aid kid and at least a week’s provision, if not more. That probably should have made Ren suspicious. But when he opened one of the drawers, all he conveniently saw was the first aid kit he would have to utilize. Kylo Ren took a white bandage out of the box, sighing. He would have to waste perfectly good material on scum like him… With a remorseful look, he cut the cloth with the scissors, also located inside the box, and wrapped it around the ginger locks. The hair was surprisingly soft, he noticed… He really didn’t want to take note of that, but he did. He hadn’t thought it would be like silk when he saw it under that cap, during the speech that preceded the end of billions of lives, including his father. The Jedi stood up, watching the red blossom over the white cloth. This General didn’t look as insane as he was when he slept, the brows gently knitted together and lips slightly parted. Ren had to turn around, catching himself looking at Hux for too long. Pondering if he should wake him up, Ren contemplated between slapping him or drenching him with cold water, which probably wasn’t such a good idea in this climate. But before he could do anything, the General had regained consciousness himself, quietly groaning as he propped himself up on his elbows, glaring at Ren from behind him. The Jedi could feel that glare on him even without seeing it, those cold, green eyes that didn’t seem green, more like a stony grey. “Who the fuck are you?” Notes: I had to ask my brother (physicist) if the ice landing was even possible. Heh. Good thing I have him in the family to consult for gay star wars fanfics... yay! I promise, the next chapters will be longer, I'm sorry!