Since the day they had first met, Poe had hopelessly fallen deeper and deeper in love with Finn, and he had no intention of returning. He had gone from doubting the existence of love, to discovering it for himself, and completely indulging himself on the feeling. But, at the same time, he couldn't help but feel slightly terrified. It was the first time Finn had ever been in a relationship, or even the first time he had ever been this close to another person before, so he really didn't want to move too fast and make him anxious, but he wasn't the only one experiencing things for the first time. Never in his life had someone made him feel like this, and the thought of losing it all was too difficult to bear. Without even realising it, he had grown to be extremely protective over him, which had led him to literally beg General Leia to let him assist in Finn's training. Amused by his desperation, she allowed it. She had organised that Finn was to further his training in combat, but he was also to learn the basics of being a pilot. Finn followed Poe into the jet, excited and intrigued to learn more about what Poe does, and how he occupies most of his time. Obviously he had seen the inside of an aircraft, the blinking lights and complex buttons were quite familiar as he had been in places like this a million times before, but he never realised how difficult it actually was. Now he had to actually attempt to grasp the concept of flying, everything looked ten times more confusing and intricate. He concluded that there flying was simply an art to master. "As you might have guessed," Poe began, leaning on one of the inside walls. "I can't let you just sit in the pilot's seat and fly, as you would probably kill us both, which wouldn't be too great." Poe had never been a good teacher. A couple of years prior, he was given the role of teaching a young girl how to fly, yet it didn't go so well. He mixed things up whilst explaining them, and once or twice forgotten what some of the buttons actually did. He knew the answers, but under any sort of stress, it was like his mind had been completely wiped of anything he had ever learnt. Nevertheless, it was like Finn relieved him of some of the pressure which he might have felt if he was teaching a stranger. At least Finn was used to him. Finn listened to his every word intently, doing his best to retain all the knowledge being fed to him. Yet to his dismay, he found the entire thing quite difficult to understand and remember. Plus, he found it hard to concentrate when it was Poe teaching him. After about 10 minutes of him doing his best to cover everything, Poe turned to face Finn, his eyebrow raised, his head tilted. "So, can you remember how to start the engine?" Finn's eyes widened, as he moved towards the front of the cockpit, scanning his eyes across the large collection of switches and buttons and dials. He listened to every single word he had said, but the amount he could recall was limited. "Uh, you flick this switch first." Finn reached up, turning on a switch. A light turned on. Poe nodded. "Can you remember what's next?" "Um..." He thought for a moment, moving his hand to his mouth like it would somehow help. It didn't. "It's one of these buttons, right?" "Nearly..." Poe chuckled, before correcting his subtle mistake. "Don't worry about it, I didn't expect you to remember all of that at once." He ran a hand through his hair, his smile growing. "Besides, that means I get to spend all my time teaching you." After about their third session, Finn had decided that he had no intention of becoming a fully trained pilot, even though he was starting to get the hang of it. He continued the training, as after everything that had happened, it was probably wise for him to at least learn the basics in case of any emergencies. About halfway through, the door of the jet suddenly opened, and a pilot entered, one who Finn didn't recognise. "I've been sent to inform you that Rey has returned from her mission, and has succeeded. You will be allowed to see her later today." After Poe thanked them, and the pilot left as quickly as they arrived. Finn was delighted. He struggled to focus on anything else for the rest of the day, his mind occupied on the excitement of seeing Rey again. But more importantly, to see her safe. Poe was also excited about the news, as even though he didn't know her as well as Finn did, he had a lot of respect for her. She had helped the Resistance in more ways than he could count, and had ultimately helped him cope, too. His only regret was that he wasn't able to get to know her better before she was whisked away again. Above all, he was astonished to hear the news that Luke was back in D'Qar after all this time. The pair was only able to see Rey a couple of hours later, as she had to quickly report back to Resistance leaders about the mission. As soon as it was near the time of the end of her meeting, Finn was already on his way, Poe following him. When they arrived, they waited outside the room for what felt like the longest couple of minutes he had ever endured in his entire life. The door opened abruptly, and they watched people leave, including General Leia, who gave them a small nod and a smile, which they returned. Lastly, Rey shuffled out, astounded by the sudden appearance they had made. She ran over to Finn first, throwing her arms around him, giggling loudly. Finn did the same. "I can't believe you're awake! Y-You're walking again!" She was blurting words out at a million miles per hour. The last time they saw eachother (awake, at least), they were in battle. Neither of them had been certain that the other was alive since then. They hadn't even spoke. "I'm so glad you're okay." Finn replied, still confounded by how much she had gone on to achieve.When Rey Finally let go of Finn, she turned to Poe, hugging him with an equally enthusiastic smile. "Thank you for everything Poe, it's so good to see you!" Without her having to clarify, he realised that she was thanking him for looking after Finn, and coping on his own. He appreciated it. "It's good to see you too, congratulations on the mission!" He laughed, releasing her from the hug. She thanked him once again, and began to tell them about the entire mission. The three of them were sat on the floor of one on the many corridors, and Poe couldn't help but cast his mind back to his days as a child. He would often sit with his friends in an awkward place, often causing an adult to shout at them, and sometimes even chase them around the base. But now, they were the adults in charge, even if it didn't feel like it in that moment. Finn was forced to grow up too fast, Rey had watched people leave her since she was a child, and Poe had learnt enough about loss to last him a lifetime by the time he was just a teenager. It felt good to forget about responsibilities, even for only a few hours. "It's so weird to have met him." Rey began, her back leaning against the wall, sitting on the cold floor. "Ever since I was little, I heard all of these fairy tales about Luke Skywalker and the Resistance. They were just stories." She had enough enthusiasm to light up a dark room. "Where is he now?" Poe asked, slightly confused. "As soon as we got back, Leia greeted us, and then she took Luke away. She was emotional when she saw him, but mostly relieved, I think. He's probably being debriefed or something like that. All I know is that he's safe." Poe felt slightly more reassured. A little while later, Rey left, as she was exhausted, which was apparent by her frequent yawning and tired eyes. Finn hadn't stopped smiling since first seen her, and thus, neither had Poe. The next time Poe saw either Finn and Rey was the next morning at breakfast. They were already sat together by the time he had arrived, accompanied by Jessika and Snap. Already, they seemed to be acquainted with Rey, and were enjoying her company. They all seemed so care-free and elated, which was obvious from the howls of laughter emerging from the table where they were all sat. They were seldom this unapologetically cheerful. When he sat down, he was greeted with wide smiles from all of them. Except for Rey, who was displaying more of an amused smirk. Finn had a similar expression plastered on his face, yet there was also a hint of fear in the way he was slightly slouched, resting his elbow on the table, and his head on his hand. "You didn't tell me that you were a couple!" Rey blurted out excitedly. Finn's eyes still rested on Poe, his smile growing slightly. "Rey you came back yesterday." Poe replied, laughing, meeting Finn's gaze for a couple of moments, before looking at Rey again. "You still could have told me!" Rey's enthusiasm made Poe's laugh grow slightly louder, and made his head shake slightly. "I'm guessing you broke the news, Jessika?" "It wasn't me, Dameron," Jessika replied, her head shooting up at the mention of her name. "You can blame him." She chuckled, nodding her head towards Finn, who finally tore his eyes away to look at something other than the pilot sat next to him. He shrugged, not being able to hide the smug smile he had with his hand. And, as Poe's expression turned into something similar, he learned that Finn's smile was undeniably contagious. --- A couple of days after, Poe was called to a meeting with General Leia, and a couple of other pilots and Resistance members, whose names hadn't been specified. He only really expected a quick mission about what they plan on doing next, or even upcoming missions, yet he was pleasantly surprised to find Finn in the same room as him, sitting nervously. When he noticed that Poe was there, his shoulders relaxed. Before Leia began, she was pounded with questions about Luke and his return, and when he will be an active member of the Resistance again. Calmly, she explained that he wasn't ready to return quite yet, as he still needed time to adapt and get used to life on D'Qar. This answer was accepted with a series of nods and whispers from the rest of the members, and Poe couldn't help but feel proud when he heard Rey's name thrown around. After the quick discussion, she officially began the meeting. She spoke about how there had been a sudden lack of communication with a planet nearby, and she was concerned for a large village which was right in the centre, and she feared that they had been attacked, or even destroyed. Without her having to say, it was obvious she was anxious about the possibility of the First Order being involved, even if it was a very small chance they had anything to do with it. All she wanted was one or two people to check that everything in the village was as it should be. "I think it would be a good idea if you went, Dameron." Leia began. Poe looked up, nodding in agreement. "Also, Finn, you should go with him. It would work as a great training exercise, if you're comfortable with that?" "Of course, General." Finn replied, his eyes widening. The mission was set to take place around about a week later, which was enough time to conduct a plan, and to prepare the aircraft they would be travelling in. It was one of the smallest ships on the base, as it only needed to hold the two of them. Finn also needed to prepare himself for the mission, meaning that he needed to calm how excited he was to be significant, and to actually take part in the Resistance. Despite the small amount of worry which pooled and collected in the back of his mind, he was ecstatic to have Finn come with him. But, he knew that Finn could quite easily handle himself, and would be fine in battle- he'd fought before, however the thought of Finn being in any sort of risk made Poe want to shield Finn and keep him hidden away from the entire world. Unfortunately, in the Resistance, it was inevitable: Finn will be at risk, and might even get injured, and there was nothing he could do to prevent that. When Leia proposed that Finn joined him on the mission, he didn't object. Finn was over the moon. When the meeting was over, and everyone was leaving, Finn practically jumped on Poe, wrapping his arms around him from behind, almost making him fall over. He rested his head on his shoulder as Poe could feel the breath on his neck as he laughed. Even if this didn't feel like a big deal, they both knew it was. This entire mission represented how he had been completely accepted and acknowledged as a member of the Resistance, and to Finn, that meant everything. Poe turned his head, and kissed him on the cheek, before resting his forehead on the side of his face. Finn felt him smile as he refused to move his head away from Poe. "You're a part of this now, Finn." Poe mumbled. "I know," Finn replied. "And I wouldn't have it any other way." The week soon passed and it was like everyone on the base had congratulated him on his first mission since joining the Resistance. It was like he had become a celebrity on D'Qar. Already, they were sat on the ship as Poe was starting the engine, after being wished 'good luck' from Leia, BB-8 and Rey. It had only been a couple of weeks since Finn started training, so Poe didn't trust him to fly such a long distance yet, but Finn didn't quite trust himself, either. "Have you ever flown in one of these before?" Poe asked, looking at Finn gingerly. "Probably," Replied Finn, who couldn't take his eyes away from all of the complicated controls. "I've always been in the back with all the other stormtroopers, though." He tried to stop himself from saying the last part, but it slipped out. "I've never seen this part of a ship until recently." Poe wasn't sure whether he should console him, or even mention anything about the statement he had just made. He didn't want to make him feel uncomfortable, so he didn't say much about it. "Are you ready?" "As I'll ever be." Finn sighed, nodding his head slightly. And, before he could comprehend what was happening, they were amongst the stars. Seeing the stars again, for some reason, took Finn's breath away, and Poe's heart sank as he saw Finn's eyes light up brighter than the sky. It was the second time they had flown together, but it felt completely different. Finn's mind and heart was racing with a different kind of thrill, the kind where he was lovestruck, and not running for his life. The feeling was shared among them, as Poe was still coming to terms with the fact that this whole situation was a reality. They had made it; survived it all. And even though he had seen space a million times before, there was something about seeing the stars with Finn which made it all feel different. "Finn? You're quiet," They hadn't spoken since they left D'Qar. "Are you okay?" His eyes were fixated on Finn, who slowly moved his head to meet his gaze. "I'm okay, I promise. I've never seen space like this before." "You're almost as obsessed with space as I am." Poe chuckled. "Is that why you became a pilot? Because of your obsession with space?" Finn asked, intrigued. Poe paused for a few moments, considering his answer as if it's not something which occupies his mind on a daily basis. "I guess so. I was mostly following my mother really." Poe smiled. "She was a pilot, too. When I was young, she would take me out in her old jet, teaching me about all the controls and the constellations in the sky, and the stories behind them. It was because of her, I suppose." His grin faded, happy memories turning into ones he missed. "I'm sorry, I'm saying too much." "It's fine, really." Finn stuttered. "I'm interested. I love your stories and how you tell them, anyway." Finn's words, once again slipped from his mouth, causing the last parts of his sentence to trail off and Finn's focus to change back into the distance. Poe tilted his head, biting his lip subtly. He failed to hide his blushing cheeks and slight smirk from Finn. "We're almost there now, anyway. I hope you're ready." In all honesty, Finn really wasn't. As they landed, they soon discovered that the planet consisted of mostly sand. On the horizon, there was traces of civilisation, a community living in the middle of nowhere. They couldn't quite work out what species lived here since they where quite far away, but it was clear that there was quite a large population: more like a town rather than a village. There was a slight scent of burning which lingered in the air, which was most probably due to the sun beating down on them. The ground was soft underneath their feet, making them slip and slide with every movement. There was a slight taste of salt which loitered on their tongues, making the backs of their throats dry. Despite all this, it was like there was nothing that could really go wrong. It seemed peaceful, tranquil, with nothing remotely suspicious happening, which could be an explanation to why they hadn't been in contact- they had nothing interesting to contact them about. "Remind me, why was Leia so worried about this place?" Finn asked, slightly confused. "I expected there to be more here, but it's... empty. I thought there would be more here at least." "I don't think she really thought there was anything here, she was just looking for an excuse to get you out of D'Qar, and to check the ships are still working, I guess. Then again, with everything that's happened, it's better to be safe than sorry." Poe shrugged, smiling at Finn, who still looked excited, but at the same time, slightly on edge. They both began to walk towards the cluster of homes and streets in the distance, which was about a mile or two away, just to be certain that nothing had gone wrong. Even though there wasn't the intense heat of Jakku, it was still excruciatingly hot, energy and sweat pouring from them after every few steps. With every loud noise, or plane passing by, or even a shout from afar, Finn flinched, a spark of fear growing in his eyes. Poe noticed this almost straight away, his view darting to Finn after every subtle sound. Bang. Finn stopped: perturbed. Boom. Finn stopped: fearful. "Finn, w-what's wrong?" Again, he was startled by another sound, yet Poe's voice provided him a sense of normality and hope, more than fear. He wet his lips with his tongue, glaring down into the blanket of sand at his feet. Poe placed his hands on Finn's shoulders. "Finn, you can talk to me." Finn finally looked up, and Poe swallowed the lump in his throat. "Please, I can help y-" "They'll be looking for me, Poe." Finn blurted out, interrupting him, not even needing to clarify who he refered to by 'them'. Again, his eyes were set on the ground, as if it was the most important and interesting thing he had ever seen in his entire life. "They want to take me back. They're probably looking for me now, Poe, planning what they'll do to me. What the best punishment for me is, and-" He inhaled sharply, and exhaled shakily. "And I don't want to go back anymore." The only noise separating them was the mix of their heavy breathing, and people living their lives a short mile away. "They won't find you. There's no way." "You can't promise that." "I can try." "I want to believe you Poe I really do," Poe's hands were cupping Finn's cheeks at this point, his thumb stroking his cheek, like he was wiping away invisible tears. They made eye contact once again, both looking equally as distraught. "But I know how ruthless they can be. They won't stop until they have me dead." "None of us will let them take you, Finn." Again, Finn knew who 'us' was, without needing an explanation from Poe. "Not without a fight anyway. That's a promise I can make." The truth hurt them; it ripped them apart. But they had to accept they won't be safe forever. And, whilst the First Order is alive, and whilst Finn is a part of the Resistance, he probably would never be safe. The sincerity in Poe's voice made Finn smile, as he planted a kiss on Poe's lips. When they finally arrived, everything was as it should be. it was a hugely busy area, with every path littered with a collection of creatures and humans, all pushing and shoving to get to a stall standing on the edge of a narrow path. They walked through, despite the trouble and the sand which collected in the soles of their shoes. The atmosphere was overwhelming. It was rare to see large communities like these, as there wasn't a speck of fear or doubt in the faces of the silhouettes which passed. The smell of strange foods and fruits and herbs surrounded them, which they could also sense on their taste buds, all mixing and combining to create an odd sensation. Shouts and yells filled the air, attacking the usual quiet of the desert. No matter loud they tried to be when talking to eachother, they couldn't compete with everyone who lived there. After quite some time of wandering, they found a calmer part of the town, (even though they could still hear the marketplace). They concluded that there wasn't anything abnormal about what was happening, as after asking a couple of locals if they have spotted any problems, they smiled, not being able to understand either of them, since they spoke a language neither of them quite recognised. Also, with the sheer intimacy of the community, if anything went wrong, there would be hysteria. As a slight (and unnecessary) reward for their efforts, they found themselves sat behind a tent, trying strange cuisine like nothing they had ever tasted before. "Is this where you take people on a date, then?" Finn teased, laughing slightly at the abnormal situation they had found themselves in once again. Poe looked at him, and smiled sarcastically. "Trust me Finn, my dates are slightly better than eating fruit outside a tent." "Prove it to me." Finn chuckled. "Is that a challenge?" Poe questioned, running his hand through his hair. Finn nodded. Poe smirked. "Well then," Poe went silent, amusement still plastered on his face. "Just give me a few days, okay? I'll prove it." After another hour of exploring the town, making sure that everything is as it should be, they went back to the ship they travelled in. The sun was starting to set, and the desert was growing cold, the light breeze becoming harsher and stronger as each minute passed. The sky was starting to clear, the small traces of clouds beginning to fade and disappear, revealing the stars which speckled the dark sky. They got back to the ship before the world had chance to grow too cold. Upon return, they were greeted with a bombardment of questions, mostly to Finn, mostly from Rey, who seemed excited to see them, as usual. Since the mission had lasted so long (with Poe and Finn dawdling around, spending as much time away as possible), they were allowed to rest before attending a short meeting the day after. Poe had suggested that Finn stayed at his that night. Of course, Finn agreed. --- Finn woke up slightly disoriented, taking him a couple of seconds to work out where he was. After his eyes adjusted to the bright sunlight which shone through the window, he was able to make out the diagrams and star charts stuck to the walls, as well as post-it notes which contained small reminders, scattered around. But, above all, it was the figure pressed up against him that he recognised, and the arm wrapped around him protectively. It was the warm breath he could feel on the back of his neck and the feeling of being safe; secure. Instead of getting up, he lay there, delirious and euphoric. The minutes passed felt like no time at all, like time had stopped, just them alone in the entire universe. And, for as long as he laid there, he was convinced that it was true, as nothing was more important to him than lying in his arms. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the See the Stars series