The Morning Lesson Poe wakes up by the feeling of sunlight warm on his skin. Most of the times, he loves it. It’s just like flying in an X-wing. But this time, it feels like a crash. What a better way to celebrate graduation than partying all night and a hangover from hell! Poe’s mouth is dry, head keeps spinning and it hurts like shit. But it’s nothing compare to his body, especially his hip, his back. And he can tell there’s something going on with his skin too. Poe just hopes it’s something he can hide with clothes. He doesn’t want to make his crush worry. Keeping his eyes seal tight, Poe groan and tries to hide from the light that making him tear up miserably. From the spiky taste of something mixed with alcohol, Poe’s mind starts wandering. Is it weird to have a crush on your childhood sweetheart, your best friend, who is also two year old younger than you, and thinking about it every mornings ? It could probably just the eighteen-him going through a puppy-love but Poe can’t help it. He doesn’t know how long he has gone with it. Honestly he doesn’t know when it started. Until it comes more and more often. He should do something about it now before ending up like the frog in that slow-burn experiment. And losing the only best friend he has ever had, yeah, he got it. But until that, can he have just a little bit… More? Can he have those brief moments of fake innocence, those he has been trying to last? Some unnecessary-long tight hugs, with his hands travelling up and then down, unnecessary low, with his head tilt a little, to breathe in that familiar teasing scent, feel the waves of hair soft and gentle on his cheek. Some kisses, just a little bit wet, faintly on the soft corners of the mouth, makes him half smirks naughtily because of the shade of pink appears on those cheeks. Some excuses for coming a little bit too close, eyes open to take in the combination of deep brown and striking green to amber, hide behind long curly lashes. It feels like those are never enough, nothing rather than some kinds of drug, keeping him drowned in a perfect vivid hallucination of his love in front of his eyes. Ben . Ben is real in his arms, eyes half-lidded, tiredly looking at him. So close he can feel everything. So much that makes his heart pumping like crazy. Hot skin against his chest, sweat sticky on his belly, pulse beats steadily in his tight gripping hand, his right leg is between Ben’s bare thighs. Poe chokes, he feels sick. He shoves Ben away as quickly as he can, tries to gasp for air then fill his lungs with nothing but this musk. He hears Ben shrieks, from shock and pain. “God! I’m sorry Ben. Are… Are you ok?” Poe stutters. He tries to gather himself together and crawls towards as Ben propped up on his elbows, reaches out for clothes then silently sits down on the edge of the bed. He’s naked. They are both naked. “I didn’t mean it Ben… I… Are you…?” – Poe isn’t sure what to say. He wants to get closer but doesn’t know if he’s even allowed to. Should he speak? Can he touch him, just a little bit…? He looks at his best friend. Waves of dampened messy hair hide most of Ben’s face. His head bows down, shows the neck with bruises, and scratches are scattered all across his body. “What happened Ben?” Ben pauses for a second. – “Nothing.” It’s a lie … He continues putting on a shirt. It was torn down so low that shows most of his broad chest. “Stay if you must. We’ll talk later.” Ben says as he slowly walks into the bathroom. Poe watches him disappear behind closed door. Sunlight is spilling in, shows him the familiar scene of a one-night stand he has been in so much times he could remember. Only this time, he is really in pain. This cannot be happening. It just can’t be… His first time was two years ago, and he was the first time for quite a number of people. Honestly, he had become quite good at it, being someone’s first time. Poe just can never imagine waking up in a situation like this. Naked and ached. In his best friend’s bedroom. Poe sits there for quite a long time, tries to make some kind of sense out of this mess. Tracing fingers to his neck, feel the mark and those long red lines run across his shoulders, he stares blankly at all the unusual things appear on his skin, and then close his eyes like a gutted dog when he finds out a teeth mark sank deep on his forearm. Poe let the sound of water rushing down in the shower wake his dizzy mind to soberness. He knows what happened. He can tell. Cause you don’t have to be a genius to figure out what is going on. Poe has slept with Ben, with no gentleness, no lubrication, no caring and nothing needed for the first time ever, not even a condom. This is his fault. And now he is sucking the teeth mark, trying to last, to savour his best friend’s taste in his mouth like a fucking hungry animal. He became the one who let his high-and-drunk self rape Ben. His young and innocent Ben. Who is not even sixteen yet. Jesus Christ, what have I done! *** The state of mind controls time in a way no one can believe it’s possible. Like the moment when you think it stops to prolong your suffering. So, this must be what that infamous shame feels like. So ached that he can’t stand. So much pain that he can’t walk straight. And so much regret that makes his head bow down, that makes him being shoved down from his own bed, naked on the hard floor, like a gutted fish. Ben is standing in the shower, he doesn’t know what should be done after… something like this. Hot or cold water? He is shaking like shit despite the hot water is searing on his pale skin. What’s that smell? Should he use soap? Ben is just too exhausted. He slowly drops to his knees, rests his face against the wall, tries his best not to look at the fluid running down on his thighs. Semen and blood spill to the floor then quickly disappear without any traces, like something never happened. Ben is not breathing normal. He gasps for air and chokes in the boiling hot water. His throat tightens and he feels like fire burning in his lungs. But he doesn’t turn off the shower because he has to ignore ‘it’. He cannot let himself know he is crying. He has to swallow down his weakness, his fucking sob, his feelings of pain and betrayal. Because this is all his fault. He did it again. He messed with someone’s head, his best friend’s mind. Poe said he doesn’t mind Ben being in his head but Ben should have never tapped in. He is just too arrogant to admit that he knows nothing about the Force. He must have fucked up something. That’s why Poe did it. That’s why Poe doesn’t remember, being so confused and pushed him like that. And now they are in this mess because of him. He had it coming. He knew all along and he didn’t stop it. He fucking deserves this. Ben has stood in here for so long, scared and panicked because water can’t wash clean this overwhelming scent. He can’t scrub off these marks on his skin. He can’t make all the traces of what happened disappear for one bit. It’s not working. He has to bury all of it, hide everything. Lie to Poe. Tell him nothing happened, that they… didn’t do anything, make up a story, a good one. Poe trusts him, he will believe his story. And then they can go back to normal, like they used to be. Right? It’s the only solution. He doesn’t have a choice. He has to do it. Otherwise he will lose Poe. What should he do now? How can he… “Ben?” – It’s Poe. He’s knocking on the door. “Ben, can we… talk?” No. Do something. Quick. “I’m… tired, Poe.”- Showing all the calm he can manage, Ben tries his best to stop shaking. He need more time. - “I need rest.” “… Ok, then… I’ll… see you later Ben.” “Ok.” Please go … He’s not ready yet. Ben freezes in the shower, waits for the silence to last longer, so he can be sure… “I’m sorry Ben. Please don’t… I’ll wait for you, ok?” Stop saying my name. “Don’t hide from me Ben…” The sound of closing door quickly drowns in the solitude. God, please give me strength . Ben covers his mouth with both hands, to not letting out the shameful sob in his throat. Steam curls up around him so gentle, makes his vision blurry, leaving him no escape. He has to fix this quick. Chapter 2 : The Unexpected Lesson Notes: Writing about sex is hard. And I think I'm about to hit a deadend. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ok. You can do this. Get it over with already. Poe pours in shot after shot at 3:00pm in the afternoon like his life depends on it. Not because he’s enjoying this. Most of the times he does, it’s just not now. He gotta meet Ben soon. He’s the one who asked for it and he can’t be the one who swallow his sayings. As soon as he finished this line, he can go to Ben. Shut his eyes sealed tight, Poe let Jessica feed him the ‘fun-pill’ with her own lips, then finishes his last shot in the cheering of friends like madness. Alcohol sears down his throat and swirls up dizzily to his brain. He feels much more… something, full of strength and optimism. He wants to see Ben so bad. Poe doesn’t remember how he got here that fast in this stage. After that amount of alcohol, he surprises he can even walk and be this much sober. Poe knocks on the door, using his most casual manner. He doesn’t know why he’s fixing his messy hair, straightening his leather jacket. “Hi.” – Ben appears in front of him. His smile is soft like normal. It makes Poe’s stomach full of butterflies and frogs. “Hey.” – He’s… nervous? – “Where’s Han and Leia?” “They ran into some problems. I’m alone ‘til weekend Poe.” – Ben answers as they going upstairs. – “I thought you’re busy today.” “Yeah! I, uh, finished it up quick…” – He titters. – “Besides, I said I wanna talk so…” They stop outside Ben’s room. He looks at Poe for a bit, then opens the door to let him in. Poe looks around, takes in the familiarity from the sight. Things haven’t changed. And Ben hasn’t bothered to unpack. “Poe?” – Ben’s voice is so gentle. He stands at the door, hesitates to walk into his own bedroom now. – “You know you don’t have to do this, right? You’re still my best friend and…” Oh gosh! He knew it. He has to stop this already. Poe walks up to Ben, puts his arm around his shoulder for an innocent, necessary gentle hug. “Hey, stop that! I’m the one who asked for it, remember?” – Looks into his eyes, Poe can tell Ben is feeling guilty. – “I’m older that doesn’t mean I don’t want to be with you and shit, ok? And I totally think that we should talk, and hangout more, like we used to do.” “I’m sorry, Poe.” “Don’t be.” – Poe closes the door and pulls them down onto the bed. He’s being a little… too adventurous for his own good there. – “So… how’s your training, Ben?” It’s just like they used to be. Talking, listening to each others, and then laugh. Ben’s laughter is shy and gentle. Poe just rolls around, finds excuses to be close, to touch Ben’s arm, sometimes to put his head on Ben’s shoulder, pretends like he’s being tipsy and silly with a flask. They don’t have to close the door but somehow Poe feels like he wants to. Outside the house, it’s getting dark. “Hey… Can I have some?” The deep silky voice cuts through the silence, Poe feels like he is being woke up from a dream. He gazes at Ben, so young and innocent. Pale skin dotted with freckles, looks so sweet under smooth and bright light of full moon. Poe slightly chuckles under his breath. “Jesus, Ben… I’m being such a bad influence for you, do you know that?” – He says, hands over the flask, and watches as Ben’s lips wrapping around the small circle, the thing Poe has kissed for so many times with one wild fantasy. He drank a lot already. How is he even having it? “Go easy kid. And don’t tell anyone, ok? I mean I’m still gonna take responsibility if something happens but…” “I’m not that bad, Poe. I drank once before.” Poe lifts his head up. He gazes at him. - “Yeah… I wouldn’t be so sure about this one, Ben.” “It’s sweet though. The wine.” “… I know.” – He says, taking the flask back from the younger boy’s hand. Poe licks around the rim, bottoms up to drink in one last sip and lets some of the amber liquid drip down his chin, before flinging the flask out the window. He hasn’t broke eye contact. His look keeps fixing at Ben. “What was that about?” – … He doesn’t know. Ben seems confused, and lightly amused. Poe starts flashing a grin all teeth like a stupid wolf. “Dark rum with poppy buds.” “I wasn’t asking about the wine.” “Hah. Don’t worry, Ben. They juiced out the opium. It won’t be bad… Much.” – Poe hears himself purring low in his throat. It has started kicking in. “I didn’t drink that much. You’re not… clearheaded, Poe.” “Oh… I wouldn’t be so sure about that one, Ben.” Crawling in close, Poe looks at those ears, neck, chest, hands and face. His best friend is turning red, as the heat looming in Poe’s own belly. It’s kinda… unusual, from his past experience with the rum. It’s hitting Ben now, and he’s… scared. Poe can tell. Ben is doing the silent giggle, wet eyes glistened under a slight frown, lips part, mouth opens, gasping, trying to make it stop. He doesn’t like being ridiculous . Poe chuckles and he leans down, rests his forehead against Ben’s temple. He gently grasps the long slender neck, caressing hot skin, twirling the padawan braid between his fingers. Ben is getting closer too. Their pulses are beating like hearts on drug. They just giggle like flying high. “If I laugh out loud… will it stop?” “… I don’t know, kid. I haven’t tried.” Poe parts, he looks into Ben’s eyes then down to his red lips, tongue teases cute white teeth. He watches it, heat coiling deep down his thighs then up to his brain, making him giddy. He lets out a small, steady sigh, lets it brush to Ben’s mouth. The younger boy faintly lick the wet inner part of his lips then tightens them gently. Ben just frowned. He is feeling hot. Poe gets the urge to make him cool down and comfortable. Or maybe to feel the heat burns in his flushed hand? It doesn’t matter. Ben closes his eyes, when Poe’s hand travels down under his shirt, finding more skin. “Do you want ‘it’ to stop?” Ben softens. - “You’re drunk, Poe.” “… Maybe.” An attractive force slowly pulls him closer to Ben. This is too close . He can feel his lips brushing Ben’s like feathers in the air. The musky scent floods him in waves synchronized to the rhythm of pulse beats . It’s so hot . He is suffocated. He has to do something. With the hand under Ben’s shirt, Poe grips his shoulder to pulls him down, hard. “Ah!” He hears Ben make the surprise sound, and a loud thud as his back drops. Poe turns and hops up onto the bed, pinning Ben with his body. He didn’t have control for long before Ben fights loose one hand from his grip, snakes it over and under his arm then up to take his neck. Ben coordinates his legs and hips to turn Poe over without getting him hurt. He sits on top of Poe, just using that one arm to keep him locked, the other gently press down his chest with enough force to prevent him from rising up again. “Don’t do that.” Poe smirks. “I could have broken your arm.” – Ben provokes, but it just sound so tender that makes Poe want more. He’s just too innocent. He can’t hurt him. A night wind gently shifts the curtain, reminds Poe how hot he feels right now. He can feel the figure on top of him slightly shifts, lean arms and broad chest. He has grown up. His Ben is becoming more and more like a warrior. Somehow, it makes Poe panic. His heart is out of the steady pace. He has to… gain control. Right at the moment he feels Ben is parting away, Poe reaches up to grasps his nape, pulls him down and crushes their lips together. Ben lets go of his arm. He is pushing away. Because of the… suddenness. And he’s trying not to crash down onto Poe. Propped up with one arm, Poe tries to force their bodies closer, feels Ben’s hand clinging to his jacket. Poe strips it down and breaks the kiss for a few second to take off his shirt, before continuing right instantly and flips Ben over, down on his back. Ben hasn’t kissed anyone before. Poe can tell by the awkwardness in his lips’ movement, screaming the uncertainty of whether he should be moving or not. Or what to do in general. Poe admits he is slightly aroused at the thought. He grinds down hard, just enough to make Ben feel a little bit of pain. His hand presses lightly at the jaw line to guide him letting out that whimper. As soon as he can feel it, Poe expertly parts Ben’s lips open, licks his way into Ben’s mouth. Ben is shocked at the invasion. But soon he adapts, letting him in, hands grip his shoulders, pulling him down to kiss him back. Poe sucks his lips hard ‘til they’re swollen. He let the taste, the scent, the whining sound swirl deep into his mind, before he separates, to let Ben take a breath. They pant, eyes darkened with lust, pupils dilate as adrenaline rushing in. Poe licks the thin silvery line of saliva shining on Ben’s bottom lip, savours the tingly sensation before coming back in deeper with more hunger. He feels like he could go on like this forever, sucking air out through Ben’s lips. Poe opens Ben’s arms to both sides of his head, traces his hands down to feel the collar bones. The fabric is blocking him. He wants to lift Ben up, to strip it away but he doesn’t want them to part any more. Poe grips the collar, tries to pull it up and then tries to tug his hand down under. It is not helping. Goddamn it! Frustration makes his mind spin so fast. The heat explodes as he gives up, spends all his remained breath to tear it away. Poe gasps and gulps down the air burning his dry throat. He needs to slow down if he wants to last. Ben looks at him like a deer in the headlights. Poe is coming near the verge. “Sorry about that.” – Poe manages a forced smile, he sits up straight and glances down Ben. His shirt was ripped, exposes the toned chest and flushed skin dotted with scratches and bruises, teasing him. – “You look better without it though.” They don’t move for a few seconds. Poe swallows down another breath then tries to relax his heart rate. He can feel blood is slamming in his veins, and Ben’s pulse is luring him in rapid beats. That whole deep inhale-exhale thing doesn’t do shit. Poe is not calming down at all. “Fuck!” – Poe bends down when he notices his hardness. The weird pressure in his entire body keeps urging him doing something. His more and more clouded mind can’t make up anything right now. Why is it getting so hot? Poe feels exhausted but so pumped at the same time. He tries to lean down with tenderness then nearly exploded with anger because Ben pushes him back immediately. Every bits of sanity in him evaporate when he sees Ben sits up, clumsily taking his shirt off, toss it aside. Poe comes in all claws and teeth like an animal, sucking, biting, leaving claimed marks. Everything just goes worse when he realizes how far he has gone. Ben is responding… They have both been consumed by this. The night is so silent. All he can hear is dirty moans and whimpers, and those sounds of flesh on flesh. Like the whole universe is just him and Ben now. Everything else blurs away, disappears to the background of his head. “Poe.” Ben is calling his name. He is begging him. He is… terrified. Poe is rolling in deep while face burying in the curve of his neck, sucking and biting. He should let Ben be on top first, to control his own pace. Ben needs more time or he will get hurt. “Someone’s at the gate, Poe.” Fuck! – “… Leave it.” Ben is tense in his arm. He’s fighting to get loose. The thought of losing him now sends rage spear through Poe’s head. “Let go of me Poe.” “Don’t answer it.” - He growls low like a lion being pokes. He’s losing control. Before he can notice, Poe has already covered Ben’s mouth with his hand. You’re going too fast. Calm the fuck down! Ben becomes more panicking as he hears somebody calling his parents names. Ackbar. That stupid fish! Poe tightens his grip, forces Ben to swallow down every mumbles he’s making. He starts clawing at Poe like crazy. Stop that! You’re hurting him! Ben arches up, his body moves in a confusing way. Poe’s mind was split in half as he tries to figure out whether Ben is pulling away or pushing him in deep. Either of them is sending him insane. Free fingertips sunken down so hard, Poe keeps those long legs wrapped around his body as long as he can. The moment they are left alone, he thrusts in hard, his hand slips and Ben let out his cry. He sees blood smeared on the swollen bottom lip. Poe is bleeding. Ben has just bit him. ***** Poe wakes up in his bedroom, drowning in hot sweat. He’s panting and soreness is soaking wet through him to the sheet. His head is spinning badly when he tries to locate that beeping sound. Someone is calling his phone. It’s Jessica. – “Hey shithead! Where’ve you been?” “What did you give me Jess?” “Oh, so it worked.” – Fuck! – “No need to thank me though. You’ve been doing the ‘vegan’ thing for months now, Poe. I’m just caring for your dick.” “Jess! What did you give me?” “Relax. I didn’t poison you or stuff like that. It’s not gonna harm your beloved body, Poe.” Hah! Poe closes his eyes, rolls over to lie on his back. He rubs his chest, tries to sooth down the pain pumped under his skin. She’s right. It just let him harm somebody else. – “When is it gonna wear off?” “What do you mean?” He hesitates. - “I’m still hallucinating, Jess, about… ‘the night’.” “It’s been days Poe. You were already clean after a few hours.” Night wind gently shifts the curtain, curls around him so gentle, yet makes him chill to the core. “Did something happen?” Poe doesn’t know what to say - “No.” – He’s not sure about what happened anymore. – “No…” - Was it even hitting him when he did that? Or was it just him? – “I’m tired Jess.” “Ok then… Ackbar is looking for you though. Ben called in sick but he has to stay at home alone ‘til weekend. And he’s not answering his phone now. Did you visit him?” Poe jerks like being caught red-handed. – “No.” “You guys are fighting or something?” “No, Jess. I… I’m waiting him to call me.” – He sighs, covering the shakiness in his voice. “Right. Whatever Poe.” Poe opens his eyes to look out the window. Moonlight is still so bright and smooth, filtered through the cloud like sweet wine. – “You should go Jess. He might calling me now.” “Just fix your shit…” The girl hangs up. Poe throws his phone away and stares at the low ceiling, feels like he’s about to being crushed. He tries reaching for his leather jacket to find out the flask was gone. Spilled sticky cum has started drying around him, on his sheet. Poe has to fix this quick. Notes: That rum with poppy bud though... it's a real thing in my country. It just affect you like normal wine. Chapter 3 : The Timing Lesson Notes: Sorry about any errors. I kinda have a not so good feeling about this chapter. Ok. You can do this. Let’s get it over with. Ben breathes in slowly. He says it to himself as he looks at the person out there trying to open the gate. Rest his head against the glass window, he can see wind is playing with that curly hair, messing around, making him run a hand to comb through it. Ben did say he had to fix this quick. But he’s never thought lying to the person knows him most while having no idea how to do it whatsoever is a good idea. He’s going to do it anyway. Hiding is just a temporally solution, and from this moment, it’s not an option anymore. Ben walks to the door with nothing in his head. He has to make this work if he wants things to get better. Ben doesn’t have a choice. “Hi!” – Ben opened the door before the bell had any chance to ring. It made his friend jump a little bit. Sunshine is having a bad time of his life. “Poe…” Leather jacket and sun-kissed skin, sweet honey eyes sparkling with hope and affection. He is still beautiful as always, tempting yet innocent, like a true heart-breaker. Ben manages something to return a smile was forced no less than his. Obviously, it wasn’t so much convincing. Poe is standing in front of him, his smile slowly fades like a dying fire. “I brought you something.”- Poe says as he steps forward to hand him a small basket made of willow. – “I hope you like black bean soup. My mom once said it’s good for… pain relief, and…” Yes. And blood loss, and healing. – “That’s, uh, nice. Poe. Thanks a lot.” – He nods his head right away. Ben totally got the idea behind the thing. He jumps in, hopes the other guy would stop saying out loud any of his thought. Is that… cranberry juice and cherries? “The weather is nice, today.” – Poe nervously chuckles. He pulls back and eyes wandering all over the place. “Yes. It is.” They look up the sky, see cloud spreading gray everywhere like dirty cotton. Ben’s effort of trying to continue a small talk is just downright horrible. Every time he had to do it, he would always have Poe. Now he just standing there, with Poe no longer by his side, foolishly hopes that he could think of something to say about anything. Every sound around them dilutes in the awkward silence. And then winds giggle as they hear their hearts pounding heavily, brains racing for some casual talks. “Can I…” “Yeah, sure…” – Ben opens the door to let Poe in and runs off quick. No dare looking back, he just walks straight upstairs. Fuck me! Ben is feeling so stupid, standing in his bedroom. He should go for the kitchen instead of leading Poe to this place. His whole body tries to scream out normalcy, as blood giving up climbing to his brain. He looks around for some place to put the basket, when Poe comes in, closes the door shut behind them. “You know you really don’t have to do this. I can mix up some muffins and…” “No. No, Ben. I want to.” A conversation has never dried out so quickly like that. And Ben can’t come up with anything else to say. He forces himself to keep his eyes straight, to look at Poe, like everything is just the way it is, enough for him to do that. But when Poe meets his gaze, Ben can’t help but glance out the window, or anything but that look. He doesn’t move one bit of his body. Holding his breath, Ben is waiting for its coming, the talk he has been avoiding so much. “Ben… About the other night, I’m sorry. I’m not usually…” “Nothing happened Poe. Whatever that you’re thinking, that did not happen. You don’t have to…” Poe steps toward him right off, without any hesitation. He is being so close, so much that Ben can smell his familiar scent, crisp and warm, like sunshine caressing the earth. - “Ben. Don’t be like that.” “What do you mean?” – Ben is more and more like a prey being cornered. He doesn’t have space to pull back. Does Poe know everything already? About what he did to Poe? About he is going to lie? “I’m not an idiot Ben. Why are you… denying me?” – Poe’s voice is gentle, yet painted with his upset, sounds like growling to Ben. The hands gripping his shoulders turn him around face to face. Ben is being looked into his soul. He has no place to hide, and it makes him terrified. “I am not denying you anything.” “Then let’s just talk about what happened.” “Nothing happened !” Fuck! Ben realizes he just screamed out. Poe pulls back from him, so shocked and scared as if he had been shot. Honestly, he couldn’t have done anything else after what Ben just did. He force-thrown the bottle of cranberry juice out the window, made shattered glass scatter everywhere. Ben swallows down his sob, and tries to ignore the boiling heat burning in his eyes. Fear washes through him like a hurricane. “Poe. Please…” “Ben, I’m sorry!” “Stop saying that.” He can barely speak out now. Looking back at him, Poe clumsily hides every bit of fright behind his warmth and kindness. – “Yes. I… At least have your soup, ok?” Jesus Christ, Ben Solo is such a mess. What the hell did he even do that for? Poe has been nothing but nice and good to him, being his best friend and the only one care for him without any doubt. Despite how much trouble he brings, Poe just keeps trusting him and being ridiculously charming with that goddamn sweetness. This time Ben fuck things up, he had decided to bury it all away. But then he just thrown cranberry juice out the window and let Poe keep saying sorry on repeat. He is the one should have apologized here, why is he eating soup like a victim instead? It’s been quite for too long now. Poe is sitting on a chair nearby, silently watching Ben having his bean soup, spoon after spoon. His eyes just shifts constantly, to his lips, to his eyes, somewhere out the window, to his hand holding the bowl, then to his lips. I should say something now . The soup is really nice though. It has whole beans in it, just the way he likes. Not too smooth, not too rich or creamy, simply delicate without the spiky heat. Poe is being more and more uncomfortable. Just apologize to him. “It’s not like what you are thinking, Poe.” “Ben…” “You and I, we just drank too much.” – Ben turns away, pretends as if he needs to put the bowl back in when Poe comes close, to sit at the other end of his bed. Being this distance, together in this place, Ben can’t look at those brown eyes anymore. “We were naked. I saw bruises and marks all over our…” “You just had a crazy party. And I had training. That’s all.” “Yeah? Then how do you explain the fact that I woke up, holding you without any clothes?” “We took showers and then we’re just tired. You sleep at my place all the times. You hug me all the times. You even kiss my cheeks. Those are just normal. Are you telling me you were… being ‘something’ too every times you did those?” “No, Ben. I didn’t…” Ben turned to face Poe, and saw panic coiling up inside both of their heads. He said it, and then felt how horrified it was, when Poe denied it right away, about what he just said. Did Poe even know what he was doing then? Or did he just do those things, simply because they didn’t have any different meaning that Ben thought they had? Everything is so confusing right now. Ben can’t tell what they are doing as the matter of fact. Poe is coming closer but he isn’t. Poe lifted his hand up but he did not. Poe is about to say something but nothing comes out from his mouth. They both struggle, to find out what to think, what should be done or what should be said. “I always… care for you, Ben. I just don’t want you to ever get hurt. I would never be able to forgive myself if I’m the one…” “You didn’t hurt me, Poe. You can’t ever do that. And I can take care of myself.” “You’re still young, Ben.” “I’m sixteen already.” “Your birthday is in 4 months…” “You act like I’m just a kid.” “You may have regrets, Ben…” Ben is staggered. Memories of that morning comes back to him, aggravate his every nerves. Nothing is making sense. Nothing is in his control right now. Words come out of his mouth while he can't even acknowledge anything but panic. “So what, Poe? You started drinking when you were just 17 years and 8 months old. You smoked your first cigarette on your 16th birthday then decided that you didn’t like it. You have been having sex with people since that same night, Poe. You don’t get to tell me what I want.” “You’re right, Ben. I just don’t want to make you feel like being tricked.” Oh yes! That’s right. He totally forgot, didn’t he? All of this is just one giant fucked-up mess, created from his own faults. It was him who had been daydreaming all along. Poe has never loved him, or cared for him like the way he thought. They didn’t mean anything significantly. Those little things Poe did to him are just little things he always does to everyone else. Even sex, it is just supposed to be something for them to regret, to laugh about. And it was him who tricked Poe into another regret. “I’m sorry. Poe.” “Ben…” He can’t take it anymore. He just can’t hold on for another minute. Feelings have been bubbles in his chest, now burst out into hot tears. Air squeezes out from his lung, through his tight throat, and makes him choke when it rushing in. “I’m so sorry.” “It’s ok, Ben! What are you talking about?” Poe is hugging him. Ben can feel the arms wrapping around him so subtle, travelling on his back, soothing on his hair. He is being comforted, being petted again. Ben should hate this. Poe is just feeling sorry for him now. Ben does not deserve this. ‘Cause Poe is just being a nice guy to someone crying in front of him. Poe has never loved anyone. Ben Solo has never been something more special in his loving eyes full of good and kindness. ”I didn’t mean it. I never want to hurt you…” “Stop it, Ben! Why are you saying that? You didn’t do anything.” Ben can’t help it now. He can’t fight himself out of Poe’s kindness. There is nothing he can do besides giving in. He let Poe hold him tight, let Poe grasp his nape, pulling him close, let him bury his face in his chest, then tilt his head gently so he can put a kiss on his eye. “Don’t cry, Ben. Nothing has ever happened. Everything is just normal. It’s just the way it is, yeah?” Yes. Let’s just go back to normal. Back to the time when Ben is nothing special to him, more than a friend happens to be the son of his heroes. Ben is just going back to be his distinctive awkward, naïve kid, who is really bad at fitting in, and always have to struggle, that needs Poe’s saintly mercy touch. “I’m sorry, Poe.” Poe let out a small laughter, so soft and painful. – “Don’t be, Ben.” His friend is looking back at him, sweet and warm-hearted smile, lovely as much as always. Poe wipes away his tear, so gently, like nothing has ever happened. “You use too much paprika again.” “Yeah? Is that why you’re not happy?” Ben lightly chuckles – “I did finish it, didn’t I? Besides, I have to go back to Uncle Luke’s, eating space foods and instant muffins tomorrow. No one can be happy about that, Poe.” “Why do you always have to leave so soon?” “Cause I don’t want voices in my head.” Poe let out a soft sigh, lips curve into an unusual smile that Ben cannot tell. – “I will always miss you. My friend.” Ben is his friend now. Poe has let it go. He has believed him for real. They finally back to normal now. Right? *** Poe is standing in his kitchen chaotic like on battlefield. His mind is close to senseless, hands holding the willow basket as if he is sleep-walking. He really can’t believe what just happened. He didn’t fix shit and simply petrified ‘cause he thought he had lost Ben for good and all. He did it again. He fucked things up real bad again. This time he even made Ben cry. And no, it’s not about the paprika, it’s not about the space food, the instant muffin, not even about his training or his Uncle Luke. Cranberry juice, like, for real? Honest Poe already knows that he’s not the brightest guy in the galaxy. But showing up with food after sex and hope that he can… make it up to Ben, or expect Ben’s acceptance, like a monkey in mating season is just really fucking stupid. Of course Ben would say nothing had ever happened. Poe showed up, drunk with drug and alcohol, the following morning he shoved Ben off his own bed, as if Poe hadn’t hurt him enough already. He made Ben feels like he was rejected, like it was just another mistake Poe makes from time to time. It was a mistake. But Ben wasn’t. Poe should have realized it sooner. He should have admitted he does love Ben and it’s not just a typical teenage crush. If he could have not fucking around and told Ben that from the beginning, or even just be brave enough to tell him how he feels right there and then, things wouldn’t have been such a mess right now. Ben would’ve believed him, that this is not something for him to laugh or regret about. He wouldn’t deny him and desperately tried to be back to the way they used to be. Ben lied about it and it’s not even a good lie. He’s feeling guilty. He thinks it’s his fault. Did he think he had tricked Poe? Did he think again he had mess with his head? Is that why he keep saying sorry as if Poe is the victim but not him? Goddamn it, Ben! Why does he have to be so senseless then? Why does Poe even let him think of something like that? Why didn’t Poe do anything more than hold him, comforted him, wiped away the tears that he caused? So much mistakes for one simple little thing. Ben even almost had Poe admit his love, all he needed to do is spit it out, but he just terrified and could do nothing but going on with his own mistake. He forced things those shouldn’t be forced, and hesitated when he needed to be brave. And now he’s back at the beginning. He can’t do anything now but to take it slow and build his trust, hoping someday Ben will know he loves Ben with his beating heart and his cleared mind. In this moment, what he’s going to do is to wait, looking at the empty bowl and grinding his teeth, trying to suck, to lick the spoon, to taste the faint flavor teasing in his tongue like drugs. It’s everything was left to Poe for months and months until Ben can return home. Nothing is wrong with the paprika though but he swears, he will throw away this trash if that’s what Ben wants. All he needs right now is Ben being somewhere he can reach, so he can make things right. Please come back to me soon! Notes: It will get better, I promise. T_T