Local rich jerk Brendol Hux Jr. was working hard to graduate from his degree. That meant sitting in a stifling library, where, for some god-awful reason, the temperature was set to clammy heights, in overbearing silence while a couple hundred other students panicked over their books. He pinched his temple, fingers attempting to press some sort of knowledge into his brain through his skull. This was torture. The words simply weren’t going in. He’d tried to read the same sentence so many times and he still couldn’t say what the second word was. He was going to give himself an aneurysm, and the temptation to just pack up and go home was ridiculous— A hand waving in front of his face jolted him backwards, though not enough to disturb any of his similarly-stressed neighbours. Hux bit down his reprimand, choosing a particularly sharp stare instead. “What?” He mouthed at the disturbance crouched next to him, grin on his stupid face. Kylo pressed his phone into Hux’s hands, trying to jam the earphones into his ears. Hux struggled for a second, but knowing Kylo wouldn’t give up without causing a scene, he made Kylo stop with a quick dismissal and pressed the buds into his ears himself. “Well?” He mouthed again, looking at the black screen, white play button hovering in the centre. Kylo pushed the rocker a couple of times, checking the sound level before pressing play. Hux had gotten used to Kylo interrupting his studies to make him listen to some song or another, typically something horrendous comprising mostly of pitchy guitars, overeager drums and harsh screams, but this seemed like a ballad. A very strange ballad playing against a strange desert-set music video, lyrics stretched across it in a blue font. The singer was decent, the music generic, the lyrics absurd. Catchier than anything else Kylo had ever made him watch before, that was sure. Hux tapped the screen a few bars in to check how long it was… nearly five minutes. He sighed, resigning himself. It seemed to be a love song, in the vaguest possible way. Something about bushes, chicken women… it was hardly what Hux would call fine art, it sounded more like a Dr. Seuss book. As the song drew to a close, Hux pulled out the earphones, one eyebrow raising just so, giving Kylo a look that spoke of mild incredulity at being interrupted for such a strange video, and of his inability to understand the meaning behind being shown it. Kylo seemed to think that Hux’s reaction was what he had been aiming for because he stood, patted Hux on the shoulder and went to sit back in his position opposite Hux across the table, re-inserting the earbuds in his own ears and getting back to work. Hux watched him for a couple more seconds, bemused more than anything, before starting that damned sentence again. Twenty minutes later, he realised he’d finished the chapter he’d needed to read without further headache. It was a coincidence, of course, Kylo’s interruption had just come at a convenient time, but it was still a strange coincidence. He’d also had the melody of Kylo’s strange song about bushes of love stuck in his head, which had been oddly annoying, yet easier to focus on than the scratch of ballpoint pens and the endless turning over of leaves of paper. Another coincidence. Kylo had probably intended Hux to find the song rip-roaringly hilarious, to disturb the library-goers enough to be kicked out, not to have the opposite effect in making Hux more productive. Probably. Hux wasn’t so sure, three days later when he set his lunch tray down on the canteen table. “Something’s waiting in the bushes of love fuck— fuck, I hate you.” His good mood at getting a well-marked essay earlier that hour was ruined by the fact that he’d caught himself humming that damned bushes song again , the song on an endless loop since the library. Kylo grinned. He’d adopted the expression the first time he’d caught Hux singing a refrain from the song and Hux hadn’t managed to wipe it off yet. “You know, I used to glide,” Kylo continued in a teasing tone, egging Hux’s mental chorus to continue. Hux battled the mental instinct, he tried, but again came the damned loop, so he concentrated on not externalising the thoughts by eating his salad. “Not having chicken?” Kylo asked. “Doesn’t your face hurt from smiling so much?” Hux said instead of replying, attempting not to stab at his tomatoes too violently. Kylo’s grin was ridiculous, dimples like ridges, but his smug grin was worse. Hux had reasoned that it was a combination of the eyebrows and the one-sided pull at his lips. It was aggravating how effective it was at making Hux weak at the goddamn knees. Kylo had definitely become the gangly adult Hux had assumed he’d be, three years seeing a sudden growth spurt that had him shoot to nearly two-metres. Hux himself had grown more than he’d suspected he would, which had also been annoying. Hux at eighteen had not been short, but he’d been relatively well-built against the skin-and-bones Kylo. Now it was Kylo who’d buffed up as well as out, and Hux was left both shorter and skinnier. Both all the more annoying because Kylo liked to mention it every damned day. Kylo also looked less like the attempt-at-emo mess he had been at eighteen, which never ceased to amaze Hux’s irreparably damaged heart. After the party , which had had less media coverage than Hux had been expecting, Hux had had to confront various feelings he hadn’t previously wanted to think very much about. Most had centred around whether he could ever truly have feelings for a man who’d thrown up on his carpet, some had questioned whether stockholm syndrome might apply, a niggling few persistent thoughts brought up the possibility that Hux’s parents might have had the influence to convince Hux that he had feelings for their gain. It was complicated, and so Hux had attempted to keep the thing they had something akin to casual, just in case. Just until he knew. Well, his heart had been attempting to tell him something like you goddamn know, Brendol Hux Jr., but he still wasn’t quite ready to accept that possibility, and Kylo’s grin was doing absolutely zero to help him out. “Uncle Luke told me to tell you to read The Vital Spark next.” “Excuse me?” “Your shitty romance novels. I told you Uncle Luke reads them. He says The Vital Spark is good. Or. Well. Not good, but like. That you should read it.” Hux was pulled out of the self-doubting circular thoughts as he tried to pull any relevant information he had about Kylo’s uncle from his mind. “I thought you hadn’t seen your uncle since before the whole… Kylo thing?” “Yeah… yeah, I hadn’t, but after the thing at the party, with the police? Apparently he heard about it from some girl there and he texted me…” Kylo shrugged with one shoulder, mashing one of his potatoes with his fork. “‘Some girl’? Since when has your uncle been conversing with teenage girls?” Kylo’s face reacted to the insinuation instantly and Hux filed away the realisation that Kylo still retained positive feelings for the uncle. “Sorry,” he said, hastily yet no-less sincerely. “I didn’t mean it like that.” Kylo took a long moment to pull himself together before sighing and allowing his smile to return. “He’s started to train kids again, she’s apparently got some skill.” Hux nodded, slowly, wondering whether he should ask whether Kylo was going to return to Skywalker’s side. “So the first thing you talk to your uncle about is my preference for shitty Mills & Boon novels?” Kylo’s grin was back, which was a relief, accompanied by a good blush. “The books weren’t the first thing we talked about.” “Right…” Hux took a sip of his water, waiting until Kylo took a mouthful before continuing. “But I was?” As planned, Kylo choked, covering his mouth to prevent spraying his mouthful on Hux. With no sign that the reaction was a negative, Hux attempted to hide his smile behind his glass. “What did you say, that you spilt Rothschild on Brendol Hux’s son’s carpet?” “Something like that.” “‘Something like that’,” Hux repeated, ending with a hum that he tried to keep inquisitive, rather than delighted. “Maybe we should head back to the library,” Kylo said, trying to change the subject. “They start moving your stuff to lost and found if you don’t return in forty-five minutes.” Hux glanced at his watch. He smiled. “We still have a good quarter hour, and you’ve not finished your lunch.” Kylo gulped and looked down, nodding. “I guess,” he said, shoving a forkful of mashed potatoes into his mouth. “What did your uncle think about your drunken exploits?” Kylo was trying very hard to look very interested in his boiled greens, chewing with more ardour than was strictly necessary for canteen-cooked food. Kylo shrugged. “He said he was more a cider guy himself.” “Does he drink?” Hux asked, relatively surprised by the comment. Kylo shook his head. “No… the whole no-alcohol deal going on…” “Didn’t strike me as the man who’d had a wild cider youth,” Hux said, trying to imagine the kid he’d seen in the Organa-Skywalker-Amidala family photo albums he’d been privy to. “He wasn’t,” Kylo agreed. “He said it was the aesthetic of cider he liked, or some shit like that. Said it was like beer but not as macho… I don’t know, Uncle Luke talks a lot of shit sometimes.” “You had to get it from somewhere,” Hux said, taking the easy material where he could. Kylo gave him a vague eye-roll at the half-hearted attempt at an insult and continued eating. “He drinks like, virgin cocktails when— we used to go out. The fruity things with elaborate decorations.” That fit more with Hux’s image of Kylo’s uncle, that was sure. The man seemed like the type who’d try to prompt stereotypically homophobic antagonism and then teach them a lesson or five about assumptions based on beverage. “Dad called him names once,” Kylo said, confirming Hux’s internal hypothesising, “But then mum nearly stabbed him with a steak knife, so… yeah. Then dad tried one, with like… raspberries and stuff, and he gets one… got one like every time we went out with uncle Luke after that, so.” “I cannot even imagine my father taking a sip of a virgin daiquiri. I can’t remember the last time he drank something other than a wine aged for more decades than I’ve been alive.” Kylo snorted. “Like you’re any better.” “Excuse you, Kylo Ren, I drank your Lambrini/Rothschild shit.” “Yeah, that one time, when I was too drunk to remember.” “It’s never happening again, Kylo, my father’s hardly going to willingly donate another bottle for your cocktail.” Kylo winced, the night still a sore spot. Finishing his plate in silence, Kylo looked anywhere but Hux, a feat for someone sitting directly across from you. Every so often he would open his mouth, as if about to speak, but thought better of it. Not having looked at Hux, Kylo probably thought Hux hadn’t noticed, as if Hux would miss the opportunity to openly watch Kylo’s face. “Go on, then. You obviously want to ask something.” Kylo didn’t startle, which was only slightly disappointing for Hux. “My uncle is uh… coming back this week.” Oh. So Kylo was to go back to the Skywalker household. To leave the Hux’s house after four years and return to his true family. Well that was fine. Hux could prepare himself for this, and it wasn’t like they never saw one another on campus… “And he invited us to his housewarming party… so like… if you wanted to come. It’s on saturday.” “Housewarming party?” No mention of leaving Hux? Rather, an invite to a family party? “Yeah… it’ll be really awkward and loads of people will probably give you shit and my mum will want to try to convert you or something, but… you were invited, so.” “Why?” Hux asked, then, realising the question was too open-ended: “Why was I invited? Just to talk shit about my dad to me?” “No… My uncle wants to meet you. I dunno why, though, you’ll have to ask him. You don’t have to go I can go myself, or, I dunno, I don’t know if I want to go myself, but I thought I’d let you know, that, y’know, you were invited. With me.” “Oh.” Hux curbed the instinct to play with his knife and fork, the cutlery lying straight across his plate. “Yes. I’m free on saturday.” Kylo looked up, then, meeting his eye with a thankful smile. “Oh, cool, I’ll let him know.” Hux nodded, then, finding the situation irregular and hard to compute, he picked up his tray, Kylo following suit, and they returned to the library. - Before they could ring the doorbell, a bicycle pulled into the drive, biker calling at them as he leapt off, pulling the bike behind the house through a side-alley. “Hey! You can come this way if you want?” A police-officer, fresh off duty if the uniform was anything to go by. Hux and Kylo followed the man behind the house, only getting a glimpse of his face as he unclipped his helmet and turned to greet them. “Oh! Mr. Hux, Sir!” The man from behind the bar, the one who’d let Kylo into the cellar. “Finn.” Hux’s eyebrow twitched. “Good evening.” Finn looked like he couldn’t decide between fear at being reprimanded and his nature to smile, but sensing no antagonism from Hux, he chanced the latter. “You here for the party? Oh, right, ‘cos you’re Mayor Leia’s son’s boyfriend, and you’re her son.” Hux wondered at Finn’s priorities, and at his speedy mouth, especially in his new profession, but he was also relatively pleased by being given a clue as to what role he was to play at the party. He was in half-mind that he was to be treated like Kylo’s adopted-guardian, quizzed as to whether he had been feeding Kylo properly, making sure he was doing his homework and sleeping enough. Finn unlocked the door, carrying on an idle chatter as he did so, asking whether they were hungry, that there should probably be nibbles, what they’d like to drink, though they didn’t have anything fancy to offer Hux, but that they probably had red wine, that’s what he liked, right? Until they reached the living-room, relatively busy with people Hux vaguely recognised from Organa’s family and close friends. “You know BB and Poe?” Finn said, pointing a thumb at the pair on the sofa before going to sit next to the latter, remarkably close. Hux watched as Dameron squeezed Finn’s leg, ring-finger now occupied, a matching ring on Finn’s. “And do you remember Rey? She was at your party too.” Finn beckoned Rey with an eager hand, dragging her onto the sofa with them. “She tazed me,” Kylo said, his tone only slightly offended. “After you hit him with a crucifix,” she shot back, looking ready to fight. “Cos people like you were at a party in a First Order house, jesus.” “Okay, okay, let’s not cause a scene,” Dameron said, shifting from his relaxed spraul into something more officer-like. Hux nodded at him, wanting nothing less than a fight. “How’s the head?” Hux asked Dameron, hoping that that wasn’t a social faux pas even as he put a hand on Kylo’s forearm, ready to hold him back. “Oh, y’know, Finn tells me the scar is cool, and it makes for a good conversation starter, so you can’t complain…” Dameron allowed a small smile, and the party around him seemed to relax. So Hux was right in assuming he was the mood-maker. “You’re in uni, right? How’s the degree going?” “Should be studying but attending housewarming parties instead?” Hux said, attempting for amiable. He should have been superior in smalltalk by now, but the group was intimidating, and he didn’t want to set either them or Kylo off with a misstep. “So you’re police, now?” Hux asked Finn. Finn nodded, eager, obviously very happy to have changed vocations. “Poe said I should try ‘cos it seemed like a job I’d be good at and I got in!” Finn said, smoothing his uniform with a loving caress. “Congratulations. I’m sure it won’t be long until you reach the rank of your partner.” “Husband!” Finn said, even happier. “A husband who’s out of beer,” Dameron said, picking himself up with a matching grin. “Can I grab anyone anything?” Eight signed a request for an orange juice, dittoed by Finn, and Rey held her own drink up, still full. “What about you guys, shall I show you the drinks?” Hux nodded and Kylo trailed along after them, unnaturally silent. “Not as elaborate as your bar,” Dameron joked, “But I tried to get a little bit of everything. I think Mr. Skywalker’s going to be making virgin cocktails later, he bought more berries and mint than I’ve ever seen in my life, so make sure you save room for them.” Hux caught Kylo’s nostalgic smile before it could go and he loosened himself up a little. Perhaps this night wouldn’t be a complete disaster. “Did someone mention my amazing ability to make the best cocktails on the planet?” Kylo was barrelled into by a bearded man in a worn-in t-shirt and jeans, looking at once uncomfortable and like he was going to cry. “Kylo you’re a giant!” Kylo nodded, seeming at a loss for what to say. “And you must be Bren!” Skywalker said over Kylo’s shoulder, removing one hand from his embrace of Kylo as an offer of a handshake. Now Hux was at a loss, not knowing how to respond with the use of the nickname only Kylo had previously been allowed (allowed tending to mean vaguely tolerated because of the pining,) to use. He took the hand and they shook. “Call me Luke, or Uncle, or Uncle Luke, or anything, I don’t mind.” “Luke, we talked about this, he’s called Kylo, not Ben.” Mayor Organa appeared from the same direction Skywalker had, looking visibly tired of her brother’s shit already. “I didn’t say Ben, did I, Kylo?” Skywalker pulled himself from Kylo, affront in his face. “I said Bren, Brendol, what Kylo calls Junior here.” “I’d prefer Hux,” he told Organa, allowing her the responsibility of taming her brother. She nodded at him, accepting the request. “Glad you could both make it,” she said, focusing, concerningly, on Hux. “Thanks for the invite.” Hux bowed his head, attempting something other than awkward civility. “This is for you,” Hux said, wondering whether people even did this nowadays. “Kylo was incredibly unhelpful about what you liked, but he mentioned coffee, so it’s a grinder and some beans, er, fairtrade and organic and… if you don’t like it, you can give them to charity or… something.” It was extremely tiring attempting to fit the gift with the family’s principles, but Hux had thought it was probably important to keep the gift Green if he were to appeal to them at all. “That is very considerate of you, Hux, thank you.” The Mayor was the first to reply, her face much less subtle than her brother’s, who had lit up like Hux had never seen before. “Now I know why Kylo likes you so much,” Skywalker said, accepting the gift bag (made of recycled materials,) and going into the kitchen with a wink. A few seconds later came the sound of beans being ground, which, Hux supposed, was a good sign. He hadn’t really expected the family to like the gift, had thought he would have been tolerated at most. “Ignore him,” Kylo said hastily. “He’s an idiot.” “Kylo,” his mother warned, though with little actual reprimand. “He’s just excited to see you.” Kylo nodded, not meeting her eye. At the sound of the kettle hissing, Organa rolled her eyes. “I’ve got to stop my brother from drinking the entire plunger-worth, so you boys enjoy yourself.” She sighed to herself before entering the kitchen, Kylo pulling Hux away as soon as she’d gone. “What was that?” Hux asked, pleasantly surprised by the lack of shouting, antagonism or barbed comments. “What was what?” Kylo replied, hand still on Hux as if ready to pull him away lest his mother reappear. “Have you talked to them since you left?” Hux asked quietly, not wanting to be overheard. “...yeah.” Kylo bit his lip and Hux let out a deep breath. “Kylo what the fuck.” Hux straightened his shirt, feeling totally out of the loop. “You could have at least warned me.” “About what?” “‘About what?’ I thought we’d be walking into a family drama. I was trying to be prepared for tearful family reunions but you’ve been talking to them? Since when?” “When they heard I was in jail…” “...you’ve been talking to them for three years?” Now Hux could think about it, Kylo had been having less family-induced breakdowns since the party, but Hux had just assumed that that was because Kylo had grown up since the experience. Kylo nodded. “And you didn’t tell me, because?” Kylo shrugged. Hux felt his hackles rise. Apparently he wasn’t important enough for Kylo to be told something so important. Whatever. “Bren!” Skywalker said, emerging from the kitchen with a steaming mug and milky froth in his beard, interrupting Hux’s attempts at self-pity. “This is the best darned coffee I’ve ever drunk!” “I’m glad you like it, Sir,” he said, smiling in his most diplomatic way. “‘Sir’? What did I say, we’re all family here, call me Luke, or Uncle.” Hux nodded, attempting to look like he’d ever have the courage to do such a thing. While Kylo had his defenses down, distracted by Skywalker’s addressing Hux, Skywalker took the chance to hook his coffee-free arm through Kylo’s and drag him away towards a currently unoccupied sofa. “I’m taking him away from you for nephew bonding time,” Skywalker said, “Since you get him every day, I’m demanding company, okay?” Hux nodded, completely bewildered by the family already and ignoring the helpless pleas for help in Kylo’s eyes. That would show him not to tell Hux important information. Alone now, Hux noticed a woman standing to one side of the party, relaxed, but obviously with a military eye, one eye on Organa even as the mayor laughed with Finn, helping herself to doritos as she watched. Taking the chance to pour himself some wine at the snack table, Hux watched the woman until she turned to him. “Sorry,” Hux said, hating having been caught. “You look familiar, do I know you from somewhere?” He bit his lip at her raised eyebrow, obviously having made her go into the defensive. “Sorry, that sounded like a shitty pick-up line, I didn’t mean it like that. Have we met before? A rally or a dinner or something?” The lady’s eyebrow hadn’t fallen, but the sourness had depleted, replaced with amusement. “I used to work for your father,” she said, before wiping her fingers on a napkin and holding her hand out for a shake. Hux took the hand, his fingers gripped in a strong, but not threatening shake, and tried to place the tall, nicely dressed lady in her butter-yellow dress in his father’s company. “Security,” she said, obviously taking pity on him. “Was a bodyguard in your house for a couple of years. Yes, now Hux could see her, all in black, around the house, though probably only having spoken to her once or twice. “You were at the party they were at,” he said, inclining his head in the policemen’s direction. Phasma nodded. “I was one of the bodyguards to carry Mr. Kylo up the stairs from the cellar.” “Right.” Hux nodded at her, a three-year belated thanks. “Phasma, wasn’t it?” “Yes, Sir.” “Hux is fine.” Phasma nodded. “Had a sudden change of political ideals?” “I was just security at your house, never interested in your father’s career.” “But you’re interested in Organa’s?” “Mm,” Phasma agreed, “Though I followed Finn here. Organa needed a new member of staff, which he was going to take, but then he started on the force, with Mr. Dameron, so he asked if I wanted out of your house.” “Didn’t realise I was such a bad employer,” Hux joked, though feeling the sting of the truth. “You weren’t,” she said, subtly emphasising the ‘you’. She glanced at Kylo, who was sitting by his uncle, listening to something he was saying, attention rapt. “He’s calmed down a lot in three years.” Perhaps because Hux had had the pleasure of living with Kylo through the gradual change, he couldn’t really remember how hellish Kylo had been to live with at first. He remembered the tantrums, he remembered the damage, but Kylo had never attacked Hux any way but verbally. There had certainly been a high turnaround of bodyguards in Kylo’s earliest months at the Hux residence. “He’s not a teenager anymore,” Hux said, feeling exactly like the guardian he told himself he wasn’t going to be. “And apparently doesn’t have mummy-issues.” He took a sip of the wine, which was… pretty gross. Taking a look at the bottles lined up on the table, whoever had bought it had obviously just looked for the prettiest labels, more than half of them designed with a variety of animals. If Hux had to take a guess, Dameron had taken Finn or Rey shopping with him. “Rey,” Phasma confirmed, following his line of sight. “Finn’s good with choosing how to cater for parties, but he goes overboard trying to get everything perfect for everyone, so Mr. Dameron took Rey, and they got excited by the artist. Apparently she’s local.” Of course, that sounded exactly like them. Which was strange, Hux thought, because he hardly new the three, and yet the internal comment had sounded oddly fond, oddly personal. “There’s prosecco in the fridge if you want to get drunk with me.” Hux decided that that sounded like a much better plan than finishing the glass he’d started, so he followed Phasma into the kitchen, where they proceeded to get plastered on three bottles. “Obviously the tulip is a superior glass,” Hux was telling someone as he was put into his bed. “The nose is important and the shape of the glass concentrates the aromas inside the popping bubbles into one breathable area.” He was very knowledgeable about the best ways to drink champagne, which had appeared at the party some way into Hux and Phasma’s night. He held on to Kylo’s neck, even as he landed in his bed, enjoying telling Kylo the best way to drink champagne. He was very knowledgeable about— “Yes, Bren, you said. Let go, you need to sleep.” “Sleep here,” Hux said, before promptly passing out. Hux felt warm, the taste of champagne and raspberries following him into sleep. - “I’ve got an experiment for you.” Hux didn’t like the idea of Kylo’s experimenting with alcohol, had made the man limit himself thus far since the bought-trial, and so far, Kylo hadn’t slipped up. “I’m not paying bail twice for you, Kylo.” Kylo looked up from where he’d been digging through his messenger bag, tucking a lock of his hair behind his ear to get it out of his face. “Not that kind of experiment,” he said, with a kind of seriousness that Kylo only really reserved for moments like this, when the two were alone in a private space. Anywhere else, with anyone else, Kylo might have reacted to the insinuation towards his volatile nature with a show, a rise of anger, maybe something smashed. “Oh…?” Hux watched him pull out a bottle of wine, taking it from Kylo to check the label. A decent bottle, definitely cheaper than his father’s tastes, but certainly not cheap. The receipt Kylo crumpled into his jeans pocket probably confirmed the fact, and Hux set up a mental reminder to buy Kylo something decent over the weekend. Kylo was hardly poor, but he didn’t have much of an income other than what he earned at his part-time job, and any money Hux spent only came out of his father’s pocket, so he might as well subsidise Kylo’s penchant for attempting to impress Hux. He wouldn’t give the money directly back to Kylo, but he might buy the man a new part for his bike, or take him to dinner or— he wasn’t buying Kylo’s love, was he? “Bren?” Hux smiled on instinct as he pulled himself out of his mind, handing Kylo back the bottle. “Good taste, I like it.” Hux read something like ‘I know’ in Kylo’s own smile, but he pushed that part of his mind back and shut the doors on it. “We need to let it breathe for about a half hour for optimum taste,” he told Kylo. “But who even has the time to wait half an hour for it to aerate, right? So uh, I saw this show where they did this experiment.” “Right?” Kylo patted the blender on the table and Hux looked from it, to Kylo. “You’ve got to be fucking kidding me.” Hux felt something dreadful build in the core of his being as he watched Kylo uncork the bottle of red and pour the contents into their blender, a machine usually reserved for Kylo’s shitty banana-nutella milkshakes. “It’s like, the same principle as letting the wine sit for half an hour and then swilling the glass to release the bouquet or whatever,” Kylo said over the whir of blades, the wine chopped through from a dark red to a white foam. After about half a minute, he turned the blender off, took out two wine glasses and poured out two glasses. Hux took the glass proffered to him with no little trepidation. He could barely restrain the pull at his lips into a show of disgust at the process, but he swilled the glass, smelled and, yes, the aroma was much like it would be after the proper amount of breathing time. He took a sip. “Well?” Kylo asked, not making an attempt to hide his anticipation as Hux put the glass back down on the table. “It’s tight and it’s strong and you’ve done exactly what you wanted to do but I hate that you’ve done it and I’ll never do it myself.” The flavour was as rich and as clear as it should be, and Hux probably never could have told the difference between setting the bottle on the side and having it fucking blended and it physically hurt him. Kylo let out a celebratory “ha!” and sipped from his own glass, taking his time to enjoy it, though Hux knew Kylo hated the taste of wines like this. Hux gave in and took another drink. “This is ridiculous,” he said, enjoying the wine. “Ridiculous, but good, right?” “Yes, good, but I hate what it stands for.” Hux gave the blender a look of pure hatred. “Ridiculous but good. I can live with that.” “Like you.” Hux took a sip before realising what he’d said. He attempted a quick glance at Kylo, hoping not to be caught, and having those hopes dashed when caught in Kylo’s own deer in the headlights expression. “Or me, I don’t know, it’s rather hypocritical to call you ridiculous when I’m the one who can live with you, or wants to, or… something. Ignore that, it was about the wine.” “You think I’m ridiculous but good?” “And I hate what you stand for,” Hux said defensively, “It wasn’t meant to be a compliment.” Kylo was doing the ‘I don’t know whether to ask’ thing again and Hux rolled his eyes, swallowing his embarrassment to allow Kylo to speak. “What?” “I didn’t tell you about my family ‘cos I thought you might kick me out, if you knew I liked them again.” Well, Hux supposed that was logical, however stupid. “But if I’m ridiculous but good… that means you don’t mind living with me…” “I don’t know what to tell you, Kylo, I thought I was being fairly obvious with the whole… you’ve wrecked my room on multiple occasions and lived to tell the tale?” “Because your parents want you to marry me… They would be angry with you if they thought you were being mean to me.” “Kylo, I don’t know how to break this to you, but neither of my parents want me to marry someone with a criminal record, no matter how closely you’re associated to the Organas. You’re still in this house because I wanted you to be. They really stopped giving a shit about you after the cellar.” “Oh.” “Yeah, oh.” “Why didn’t you tell me?” “Same reason you didn’t tell me about your parents. Thought you’d want to leave if you didn’t feel welcomed or whatever.” “You told your parents not to kick me out?” “Yeah.” “You care about me?” “I mean— yeah. I do.” Hux looked away. Well, now Kylo new about his pining, all that was left was for Kylo to give him a pity hug and leave. He had a family he could go back to, now, too. “I love you, too.” “What?” “Is that so unbelievable?” “You frequently interrupt my work when I’m busy.” “What? When?” “Like that stupid… Bushes of Love.” “What? No, I— that’s— When you look like you’re about to cry, I try to make you calm down by watching stupid videos… you thought I was harassing you?” “Yeah.” “And you put up with it?” “...yeah, I thought you liked them so I bore with them.” “Oh.” Hux cleared his throat. “You were trying to help me?” “Yeah.” “Oh.” “I guess I’ll stop interrupting you, from now.” “No— no, I... Looking back… it did help. I just. Always thought it was a coincidence. Thought you were trying to piss me off because you hated me or something. I didn’t want to admit you were helping.” Kylo brightened. “I’ll take it. Can I hug you?” “...yeah.” Kylo wrapped his arms around Hux’s back, under his arms, leaning his chin on Hux’s shoulder. Hux let his own wrap around Kylo’s neck, fingers in his hair. Soft breathing. It was nice. Comfortable. Unawkward despite the situation— hugging in the kitchen, for no discernable reason. “Something’s waiting in the bushes of love…” Hux pushed Kylo back, trying to control his expression. “No, I take it back if it means you’re going to make me listen to that catchy shit—” Kylo dragged him back into the hug. “You love it really.” “You’re a shit, Kylo Ren,” Hux said, smiling into Kylo’s hair. Notes: The song was, obviously, Bushes of Love. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RySHDUU2juM) The show Kylo watched was 'Chef vs. Science: The Ultimate Kitchen Challenge', a show that's currently on BBC Iplayer for those in the UK I feel like this series needs more Finn/poe/ray .... and more phasma... so anyone's welcome to do so ninjaninaiii.tumblr.com Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Wine Mom Hux series Next Work →