“Rey-!” Finn said, his tone desperate and yet somehow quiet. He realised that his throat hurt, and that talking was difficult. He also began to slowly realise that he couldn’t feel most of his body. He couldn’t move it like he naturally could, and even when he thought about it long and hard – to the point of saying in his head arm, go up – he couldn’t move. As fear began to take hold of him, he noticed something in the corner of his eye. A familiar face. Sleeping, but there, and still familiar. “Poe…” He said, glad that at least he could talk. So Finn did what he could. His eyes were open and seeing things so he looked around. The room he was in was a harsh white, fluorescent lights above him making him squint when he looked directly at them. He could smell disinfectant, and it made his nose wrinkle. Finn heard a faint beeping, and when his eyes scanned the room they revealed to him that it was coming from a heart monitor. Was Poe hurt? Had Finn been keeping watch over him? Oh, no. He thought to himself. As he realised that he was the one that was hurt, he tried to piece together what could have happened. The last thing he remembered was cradling Rey’s body, and Kylo Ren. Kylo. The man had hurt Rey, and Rey wasn’t here. What had happened to her? Was she okay? Was she dead? Had she been left on Starkiller base when it had been destroyed? And for that matter, had it been destroyed? He had a million questions, no memories of his own to answer them, and Poe was fast asleep. “Poe.” He said again, his voice a little stronger this time. The man grumbled a little but didn’t stir from his sleep. Finn saw bags under his eyes and an unshaven face, and he wondered why Poe looked like that. He didn’t look how he normally did. Suddenly, he was taken away from his thoughts by a swarm of nurses coming into the room. Poe was awoken abruptly and when he saw Finn had his eyes open his expression changed. His eyes lit up, filled with joy, but he was told to stand aside as the medics spoke to him. They asked him how he felt, what he could remember, tested his reflexes, checked he wasn’t in pain… The list was endless, and it seemed like they couldn’t run enough tests on him. In the end, Finn asked them to leave, exhausted by it all. As the two men were left alone again, Finn started to ask Poe some of the questions in his head, starting with the most important. “Where’s Rey?” He asked. Poe furrowed his brow, looking at Finn in confusion. “Who’s Rey, buddy?” “I told you about her. She’s my best friend, she helped me bring the droid back to the Resistance, she helped fight off Kylo.” “There’s no one called Rey here.” He said, worrying working its way onto Poe’s face. “Look maybe those nurses should come back, they might be able t-“ “No, where is she?” Finn demanded. “Kylo kidnapped her, and I went to Starkiller to get her back and we fought against Kylo together. He hurt her, and then I fought him and he hurt me… Please tell me she came back, she can’t have died.” “Finn I’m telling you, there’s no such girl.” “There is! Why are you saying this?” Finn asked, looking at Poe hopelessly. “She was my best friend, she saved my life, she piloted the Millennium Falcon! Poe, please…” He said, reducing his voice to a whisper and trying to hide the distraught on his face. “You need some more rest. I’ll go tell the General you’re awake, but get some sleep alright? I’ll tell you what happened tomorrow.” Poe said, standing up and resting a hand on Finn’s shoulder. “Take care of yourself buddy, alright? You’re with the Resistance now, you’re safe, just… Just get better.” Finn watched as Poe left and he stared at the ceiling. How did he not know Rey? She’d fought against Kylo with him, how was she not a living legend? And her flying ability was incredible. How did Poe, the pilot , not know her? The frustration kept him awake, thinking and hoping and praying that wherever she was she was okay. As he thought, he heard footsteps and a quiet knock on the door to the room he was in. “May I come in, Finn?” The General. She’d know what had happened to Rey, she could tell him everything. He tried to nod his head, but in the end relented to just speak to her. “General, where’s Rey?” He asked, hoping she would provide more useful information than Poe. “Rey?” She questioned him. “Finn, I’m afraid I don’t know who you’re talking about. But you took quite a hit from Kylo, you’re incredibly lucky. Chewbacca found you and brought you back to us, we were afraid we’d lost you in the destruction of Starkiller. I’ve never seen Dameron so distraught. He stayed here for days, y’know. Nothing anyone said could get him to leave. He’s a good man.” “You don’t know Rey?” He asked, as if the rest of what Leia had said was ignored. “General, I spoke to you about her.” “Finn, I don’t know what to tell you.” She told him. “Perhaps you’ve made her up to help cope with what you’ve experienced. No one would blame you, it’s been incredibly hard and to have done all of this on your own must have been terrifying.” “No, she’s real!” He said, his tone sharper than he wanted it to be. “Rey is real!” Leia looked at him sadly, the softness and pity in her eyes making Finn question his own thoughts. He knew Rey was real. She was his friend, he loved her as though she were real. He couldn’t imagine the thought of her not being there. He tried as hard as he could, but he couldn’t hold back a sob that managed to leave his lips. Rey. He wanted her now. She’d explain everything to him, she always did. “Hey.” Finn heard a voice over his shoulder, casting his eyes the other way and straining himself to try and see… “Rey?” “Hey Finn.” She whispered, a smile on her face. “Finn, do I need to fetch someone?” Leia asked, standing up with concern on her face. “Rey, what happened to you?” He asked, blinking back tears as she walked around the bed. Finn had forgotten that the General was there, wide, sad eyes focused only on Rey. “Nothing. Finn… They’re right.” She said softly, moving to sit beside him on his bed. “No they’re not.” He said stubbornly. “You’re here. You’re sitting right in front of me. You’re real. Rey, please, I need you.” “If it’s easier we can pretend I was real, I can tell you I died fighting Kylo and you can grieve and move on. Would that help?” “No!” He practically yelled. “Rey, I want you back. You’re…” “Imaginary. Leia’s right. You used me to cope, but I’m no one. You did this all yourself Finn. You escaped the First Order, you brought BB-8 back to the Resistance, and you fought Kylo Ren. I’m not a part of that story. It’s yours. You did all of that. You’re a hero.” “So are you.” He said, pleading with her. He blinked and felt tears running down his cheeks. “Rey, you have to come back.” He whispered, another sob leaving his lips. “ Please .” “You have to let go Finn.” She said softly, moving slightly to lean over and press a gentle kiss to his forehead. “Goodbye, my friend.” Finn blinked, and Rey wasn’t there anymore. All he saw was a worried Leia, watching him closely. Her eyes were sad and she yearned to reach out and offer him some comfort. He shut his eyes tightly, scrunching them up as he cried. Rey wasn’t real. He’d lost her, and he’d never really found her. “Goodbye, Rey.” Notes: I'm sorry, I hope everyone doesn't hate me now.