1. You had always been drawn from him. You loved him, even. His movements, his brooding silences, even his temper. You always loved the tension on the Star Destroyer when he was in one of his moods. ... You had joined the First Order early, lying to the recruiting officer about your age. You guessed they knew, but they wanted your skills more than they cared about you being a year too young. You could read a holomap like it was engraved in your DNA. When asked to calculate how many parsecs the jumps between several systems in the Unknown Region, you could easily give the calculations, within a 95% accuracy compared to the computer generated route. You were able to list off the planets that shared a system with the planet Hoth. The Order snapped you up like a greedy child claiming a happy-patty. Within weeks of joining, you jumped to the top of your recruitment class. You sat, red-faced, as Captain Phasma praised your abilities in front of the entire class. You ducked your head, giving a formal thanks as your classmates applauded politely. Along with the technical training, you had combat training every other day. Hand-to-hand, blaster practice, and basic bo staff training left you sore and tired, but added some tone to your curves. You never quite excelled at combat training, but neither did you fail so badly that the Order wanted to rethink recruiting you. Your talents were too valuable. ... Training had been months ago, and you had been assigned to the Star Destroyer Finalizer as an assistant navigator. Once you arrived, you dove into your work, usually staying an hour or so after the rest of the crew had been dismissed, just to triple check the calculations for the TIE fighters' missions the next day. The lead navigator was impressed by your dedication, usually smiling and shaking her head at you when you shuffled to your designated chair after a late night, a large cup of stim-brew clutched in your hand. Your hard work had been taken note of, and once, General Hux commented on the preciseness and finesse of your math. "The Supreme Leader would be proud... If he had time to admire the work of an assistant navigator." His backhanded compliment filled you with mixed emotions; pride that the General Hux noticed your work, and a belittling feeling, reminding you that you were only one of thousands upon thousands of Order crew. That same day, you stayed after (again) to update a holomap. There were some inaccuracies about the planets in the database, requiring you to reenter the coordinates for the Kamino system. Again. Damnit, Conrad, this is getting old , you thought to yourself as you shut down your station. Conrad Vern had a long standing joke with the head navigator about how Storm Troopers are made, usually ending up with you fixing the system at least once a month. Standing and stretching, you moan softly as your vertebrae crackle, your hands massaging as you leave the Nav Center, your stomach leading you toward the Mess Hall with a soft grumble. When was the last time you ate? This morning? Oh, yes. You had that stuffed pastry with your morning stim-brew. With your mind still rattling off coordinates from your last project, your feet lead you the Mess Hall. Still on auto pilot, you reach out to push the doors open. But nothing happens. Confused, you try again, checking discreetly to make sure this wasn't a "pull" door. With a huff, you check your watch, swearing silently as the hour is way later than you thought. Good thing I have some snacks back in my quarters you muse as you turn and start walking to your rooms. Your finger taps absently on your lips as you plan your midnight snack, noticing nothing until you brush by someone. Turning to the person you bumped, "Oh, I'm sorr...y..." Your apology trails off as your eyes meet a muscly, black wall of dense cloth and anger. Your gaze travels up the lean mass of dark armor, up to the imposing chrome and black helmet that gazed at you, an aura of seething irritation leaking from the darkened visor and landing right on you. "C-commander" shitshitshitshit "Ren" I'm screwed.... Chapter 2 : 2. Summary: Not much happens here. Running into Kylo, showering, and a mysterious snack. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) 2. Fantastic , you think, withering under the blank scrutiny of the looming mass of man in front of you. I've managed to steer my way into the one obstacle more dangerous than a black hole. You take a slight step back, your eyes glancing down to his waist, watching the leather covered fingers flex towards the thick handle of that dreaded saber. "I... I didn't mean to bump you, sir..." you stammer, wilting further under that speechless, soulless gaze. You take another step back. "I was preoccupied by some calculations..." You flinch as Commander Ren raises his hand slightly, a sudden feeling of pressure rippling over your mind, as though someone is dragging their fingertips through your brain. Oh, shit , you think. He's in my thoughts . As suddenly as it began, the feeling subsided, your eyes watering as you blink, trying to focus again as the pressure lifts. And he was gone. Shakily, you turn back around and begin walking to your quarters, still trying to process the fact that you had just run into Commander Ren. You stop. You ran into Commander Ren. You physically ran into Kylo Ren. With your breath catching in your chest, you damn near sprint back to your rooms, locking the door behind you. You lean back against the door panel, shuddering with terror. You take a moment to compose yourself, stepping away from the entrance of your rooms and into your bedroom. It wasn't exactly small, but still somewhat cramped. Your neatly made bed occupied a good portion of the room, your bookshelves covering the entirety of one of the larger walls, packed full of outdated paper books and newer datapads with their memories filled with novels and histories. After undressing, carefully handing your used uniform over to the cleaning 'droid, you step into your 'fresher, setting the water in the shower to a hotter temperature than normal. Stepping under the spray, you close your eyes, letting the water cascade over you. I hope this doesn't come back to bite me in the ass. As you towel off, you hear a soft tapping at the door to your quarters. Your eyebrows pull together into a soft frown as you wrap the dark towel around your still damp body. Who could it be at this hour? you wonder, tapping the controls to open your door with a swish. You peek your head out, looking both ways questioningly several times before it catches your eye. You look down, blinking, before bending to pick up the nutrient packed protein bar that was mysteriously at your doorstep. But... Who could have left this... Guess I'll find out tomorrow. Notes: I do apologize for the shortness of this one. Kinda got caught up with writer's block, anxiety, and life. HOPEFULLY, since I'm starting a life change tomorrow, I'll get back on track. Chapter 3 : Author's Note Summary: Brief update. I promise, I AM working on the real chapter 3. I've just had some ridiculous writer's block and scrapped nearly everything I had written. I did crank out two super short shorts while trying to figure out where Reader and Kylo are going right now, though! much love, MadameC.