As the world blurred into existence, Kylo Ren blinked up at harsh light. Panic flooded through him for a moment before he realised the reason he couldn’t open the other eye was the thick bandages across his face. A sharp ache throbbed in his side and shoulder as he remembered what had happened; Starkiller Base, confronting his father, the traitor, the girl wielding the lightsaber that was rightfully his. He will get it back, he thought, he will get stronger. Now with Han Solo dead he will be free of the light side’s pull. He will finish his training and live up to the legacy of his grandfather. Closing his eye, Kylo opened himself to dark side of the Force. He could feel it, soothing and cold running through his veins. When he opened his eye again he was focussed enough that he could take in more of his surroundings. He was in a bed in The Finalizer’s medical facility; in a private room. Everything was stark and clinical white. Kylo winced in pain as he tilted his head to look to the side. General Hux was sat in a chair at Kylo’s bedside, eyes fixed on the datapad in his hands. Kylo wanted to smile at the sight; Hux could never resist an opportunity to get work done. He noticed that Hux looked wrecked; his usually pristine hair was in disarray and there were circles under his eyes. He also looked smaller somehow, slouching in a way he normally would never allow. Hux’s eyes flicked up from the screen to Kylo lying in the bed and his gaze softened slightly. ‘You’re awake.’ ‘How long?’ Kylo croaked. Hux pursed his lips and exhaled. ‘Three days. Your condition was stable after one, but you didn’t wake up. The medics said that it was possible that you were using the Force to help yourself heal, like a medically induced coma.’ ‘Starkiller?’ Hux’s grip on the datapad tightened slightly, but he didn’t say anything. He didn’t have to. ‘I killed him.’ ‘Who?’ ‘Han Solo.’ ‘Was it everything you hoped it would be?’ There was only a touch of bitterness in Hux’s voice. ‘Did it help you?’ Kylo swallowed. He could feel the tears stinging at the corner of his unbandaged eye. ‘I....don’t know,’ he admitted. Hux put down the datapad and moved to sit gingerly on the edge of Kylo’s bed. Taking off the gloves he always wore Hux reached out and stroked at the unmarred side of the knight’s face, catching the tears before they could fall. ‘The Supreme Leader has asked me to bring you to him in order to complete your training.’ His hand moved to trace the edge of the bandage. ‘We are on route to him now.’ Kylo nodded stiffly. Hux studied his face in the near silence of the medical machines’ beeping. He bent down and placed a kiss on Kylo’s lips. Ever since the first time they had kissed, Kylo had always marvelled at the softness of Hux’s lips and the way they were equally capable of soothing him in his more wild moments and of devouring Kylo’s flesh until the knight’s skin was a work of art laid out in bruises. Hux could be cruel, brutal, even savage to his enemies, but the way those lips melted into Kylo’s was so tender and full of feeling it made Kylo’s head swim. Usually Hux’s kisses tasted of good whisky and cigarettes -Hux’s only vices apart from Kylo himself- but right now the only thing Kylo could taste was bitter caf from the General’s sleepless nights. ‘I thought you were dead, you arrogant fool,’ Hux whispered, forehead pressed to Kylo’s. ‘I found you lying there in the woods barely breathing. When I brought you in here I couldn’t even move, I just stood there covered in your blood and watched them working on you. But I had to see if you were alright. This is what you do to me and I hate it sometimes, I truly do. You’re reckless, you never listen, and half the time you’re a liability rather than an asset. But you’re mine.’ He leaned back, but his hand still rested on Kylo’s face lightly, as if he didn’t want to pull away entirely. ‘The Supreme Leader is your master, I know, and your tie to him comes above all else and I would expect nothing less, but when we’re alone together it’s so easy to forget that.’ Weakly raising his arm, Kylo loosely entangled his fingers with Hux’s free hand. ‘I will never understand,’ said Kylo, ‘how you could love someone as broken as me.’ Hux shook his head. ‘How could I not?’ He said simply. ‘Someone so beautiful and powerful and wild, how could I not love you?’ More tears sprang from Kylo’s unbandaged eye. ‘I failed you,’ he choked out. ‘I could have prevented Starkiller’s destruction if I hadn’t been injured by the Wookiee.’ ‘I would be an idiot if I solely blamed you for what happened to Starkiller Base. Yes your family drama and the scavenger girl’s escape were regrettable, but I blame myself, I blame that damned Resistance. But bases can be rebuilt, albeit maybe without such an easy to exploit weakness, and even if I am to face death for my failure-’ The ferocity with which Kylo sat up took Hux by surprise. ‘No! I won’t allow that to happen!’ ‘Get down,’ Hux pressed on Kylo’s chest until the other man was lying down again. He quickly looked over Kylo’s injuries to make sure he hadn’t ripped any of the stitches in his side or shoulder. ‘You will allow it, if it comes to that; even if The Supreme Leader commands you to run me through yourself. If I am to face death for my failure The First Order will endure, you will endure, and the galaxy will finally be commanded by those who will bring peace. In the face of our greater purpose one man does not matter, I do not matter.’ Kylo grasped Hux’s hands in his with renewed strength. ‘Don’t say that, never say that, Hux. You have so much work still to do for the Order. You are stable, you are focus. When I feel like I’m breaking apart, you hold me together. The Supreme Leader knows that there is none more worthy than you be our figurehead when we had eradiated our enemies, you are too important to throw away after the failure of Starkiller Base.’ He winced in pain, his body protesting at his attempts at moving too soon. Hux pressed the button at Kylo’s bedside for a dose of anaesthetics and something to help him sleep through the IV. The effect was almost instant, Kylo’s eyes taking on a hazy look as the drugs relaxed him. Hux smoothed out Kylo’s hair gently. ‘Whatever might be waiting for us, you still need to heal and rest. I didn’t drag your sorry arse off a collapsing planet for you to die because you pushed yourself too soon. I’ll be back later but now I have to get back to the bridge, I’ve been away too long.’ Reluctantly, Hux stood. As he did Kylo’s hand clumsily reached for his and hooked their fingers together. He half heartedly tried to pull Hux back, but the drugs made his grip loose and Hux almost smiled at the childishness of the gesture. ‘You could be Emperor, one day,’ Kylo’s words were slow and slightly slurred, ‘with me at your side........ No more doubts............ Anything for you, my General.’ Kylo’s eyes fluttered closed and his hand finally dropped back down to the bed. ‘You’re all I have.’ He stared down at the figure in the bed, hands gripped in fists by his side. Kylo looked peaceful as he slept without the burden of dreams; it was a luxury the knight had rarely known in his life, Hux knew. So many times he’d woken to the sound of Kylo’s nightmares. Hux leaned down and kissed Kylo’s forehead. ‘And you are all I have, Kylo. And I would do anything for you. Now rest, my knight.’ There was to be no certainty for what would happen next, but they were together and that was something Hux could hold onto with sureity. With one last look down on the sleeping figure, Hux strode from the room. There was work to be done. Notes: I have so many other things I need to be finishing or working on, but I also wanted to give my boys some angst and fluff. As always, thank you for reading my odd little scribblings and comments are always appreciated.