First Impressions First Impressions You learned the hard way that all reading had to be approved by the First Order before you could delve into a book. Your mini collection had been confiscated and you had been sent to reconditioning in order to ensure your feeble mind had not been corrupted. Being that you were an officer, this took less time than if you had been a stormtrooper. You returned to duty in under two weeks, having been declared mentally and morally sound by the powers that be. You took away from the experience the knowledge that those higher in rank were hard asses. Of course, then there was Lieutenant Mitaka. Sure, when it came to following the rules he was a stickler. He issued orders for his inferiors to be evaluated. Ensured a proper work environment, which was often laughter-free. Yet he was timid in certain respects. Then again, everyone was when it came to the subject of Kylo Ren. The Force user was intimidating, and you strongly believed he relished in being viewed as such. So you avoided him whenever you could and instead focused on the paradoxical lieutenant. Unbeknownst to many, you were technically stalking him. Listening in on conversations he was involved in whenever you were within earshot. Using anything reflective to watch him in his everyday work. Sighing heavily as you laid in bed at night staring up at the ceiling. You could not help but think of that sweet face, which held a stern expression whenever he was addressing one of his inferiors. When it came to General Hux, you could see the admiration on Dopheld Mitaka’s face. “How did you come about these statistics? The correlation is…” Chief Petty Officer Unamo questioned. “Someone did not input the data correctly on their shift,” you responded, swiping to the next screen on the datapad to show her where the mistake had been made. “This better correlates with our current status, as you stated before. The previous number made it to where there was a decreased estimated output of energy. Things weren’t adding up in my department, so I looked into the matter myself.” “You have experience in the technical field?” “I originally was recruited to be a technician, but was moved into the field of officer due to my scores.” She nodded, her gaze on the report you had generated for her. “I… I don’t need credit for this, ma’am; it’s something that should not have occurred, and seeing it fixed will make my job easier in the long run.” “Mine as well,” she intoned. “I will see to it that the General is informed so that we can update everything.” “Yes, ma’am.” You took back your datapad, forwarding her the report so that she could present it to General Hux. Then, after being dismissed, you headed back to your workstation. Your primary station was on a different sector of the ship, however you were to work on the bridge for the day due to Petty Officer Thanisson taking care of other matters. When you slipped into your seat, you were a blushing mess. You had not realized that you would be seated beside your crush. Lieutenant Mitaka did not appear to take notice of your reddened cheeks. His eyes moved from his screen after a few moments of you simply sitting there. Feeling him looking at you, you quickly put your hands where they were supposed to be and logged into the system. You brought up the display to keep track of the status of the ship. “You should visit medbay if you aren’t feeling well,” the man beside you said. “You look feverish.” “I’m…fine, Sir,” you said, lowering your eyes. It was the first time you had spoken to him in person, and you were trying not to hyperventilate. You failed when his leg brushed against yours as he turned in his seat—and you fainted. You woke up on the floor only a few moments later to find the man genuflecting next to you, checking your pulse with his fingers against your wrist. “I’m fine, Sir,” you muttered, feeling rather humiliated. This was not how you had imagined your first meeting with the man. Lieutenant Mitaka withdrew his fingers from your wrist. You slowly raised yourself into a sitting position to prevent from passing out again. A few of the others on the bridge kept glancing over at you. You did what you could to ignore their looks. When at last you were on your feet, Mitaka gestured for two other officers to approach. Rather than speak with the dark-haired man, they took over your station and his. You felt dreadful, knowing what was coming up. Sure enough, the lieutenant began to escort you towards medbay. He looked professional, his expression neutral. You wondered if General Hux was his idol—not that you would blame him for considering him as such. “Really, Sir, I’m fine,” you said softly, wishing you could turn invisible at will. “Clearly you are not. You fainted, (L/n).” If only he hadn’t said your name. He hadn’t even had to ask for it—which it why you were so shocked that you stumbled over your own feet and fell forward. Lieutenant Mitaka reached forward and managed to catch you, holding onto your upper arm with one hand and your hip with the other. Your blush only increased, and you quickly pulled out of his arms and straightened your uniform. “If you are disoriented, perhaps you should use the wall as a guide.” Feeling foolish either way, you did what he had suggested. Better to seem ill than lovesick. You could not imagine how low his opinion was of you. They said first impressions were everything…you really hoped Lieutenant Mitaka wasn’t one such person who believed that line. Chapter 2 : Diagnosis Diagnosis The medical droid that would be tending to you while the physician was busy indicated that it wanted to check your vitals. Your eyes darted to Lieutenant Mitaka. Cringing, you asked if he wouldn’t mind leaving. The man’s brow furrowed and his lips pursed forward, however he complied. You breathed a sigh of relief. It would not due to have him present when the droid revealed that you were not feverish. Just bitten by the love bug, but even the droid would not know this—of course, the blasted thing commented on your pheromone levels. You glowered at it, tensing your shoulders as you slouched and sulked. It took the physician only moments of consternation before he sighed and declared you fit to return to work. He informed you that he could not put his finger on why you had fainted, and you did not see it wise to suggest anything and so remained silent. You nodded, slipped out of medbay, and nearly crashed into Lieutenant Mitaka. He had waited for you. The notion caught you off guard. No one waited for you…anywhere. You eyed him suspiciously, wondering if he knew, well, anything. “You’re not on bed rest, I see,” he commented. Though he tried to make his tone as stiff as the general’s, there was a sort of softness he could not lose. “No, Sir,” you responded after a beat. You had to resist the urge to fiddle with your fingers, to fidget at all while under his gaze. He was not intimidating in the sense of Kylo Ren or General Hux sort of scary; you merely worried that he would catch onto the fact that your cheeks were heating up again because you were in his presence. “I… I should return to work.” “Very well,” Mitaka said. As you took a step in the direction of the bridge, the lieutenant drew up beside you. Crap , you thought, realizing that he would be working beside you still. Perhaps you should have requested bed rest. On the other hand, it was never prudent to use up your medical leave on stupid things. One never knew when a cold would hit. You kept your eyes trained on the ground as you walked beside your superior. It was hard not to think about how attractive he was—even his hands. So nice. They would feel fantastic on you. You gulped down some saliva as you remembered that they had been on you not too long ago. Granted, that had been to keep you from falling flat on your face. Still, it had been…nice. Firm but not too firm. “Did you get enough sleep?” Don’t ask about my well-being, damn it! you thought, panicking at the way your heart stuttered upon hearing the genuine concern in his voice. He didn’t even know you. “Uhm… I think so, Sir.” He released a hum of thought. Mitaka did not seem as though he quite believed you. You could tell by the way his ring finger twitched. It always did that whenever he was skeptical—boy would he be scared shitless if he knew how much you watched him. “Did you eat breakfast?” For breakfast on weekdays Lieutenant Mitaka ate one of the health bars and a muffin coupled with a coffee. Sometimes he added an extra shot of espresso if it was going to be an especially busy day. Whenever it was his day off, Lieutenant Mitaka ate something more flavorful coupled with a glass of blue milk when it was available, or else chocolate milk. You, meanwhile, ate a health bar and slice of fruit. Sometimes you drank coffee, half-caf. You always worried that it would get your bowels moving when all you wanted to do was stalk the object of your obsession. “Yes, Sir,” you said after a moment of thought. “They were out of fruit though…but my blood-sugar levels seem to be fine.” “I see. Perhaps a little juice before we return to the bridge then?” You swallowed hard. He wanted to take you for a drink. Lieutenant Mitaka was getting you a drink! This time you managed to refrain from having a panic attack. You entered the cafeteria with the man, and thanked him when he handed you the small cup of juice. You sipped it and watched Mitaka’s reflection in the metal of the cafeteria serving line. With it you had a very good view of his ass. So toned. So nice. Men in uniform were sexy. “Are you feeling better?” “Hm? Oh, yes.” You tossed out the empty cup then proceeded to follow Lieutenant Mitaka back to the bridge. It was growing a little easier to be so close to him, in part due to the fact that he was oblivious to your obsession with him. This time when you sat at your console, you made sure to sit to where your legs could not possibly brush into his. Lieutenant Mitaka pulled up the screen he had previously been working with and began to work diligently. You, on the other hand, divided your attention between your screen and watching the man in your peripheral. When General Hux strode onto the bridge, however, you quickly snapped to all-work-no-play business mode. Lieutenant Mitaka was sex on a stick. General Hux was boss man. Kylo Ren was also-boss-man, but will-fucking-kill-you-man. Captain Phasma was boss ma’am. Chief Petty Officer Unamo was if-I-need-to-talk-to-a-superior-you-are-my-favorite-choice ma’am. Everyone else was a situation-by-situation basis. General Hux, Kylo Ren, and Captain Phasma had precedence over your Lieutenant Mitaka obsession. Supreme Leader Snoke was a no-brainer. His title said it all. He, however, you never saw, and so you did not worry much about him. Lieutenant Mitaka idolized General Hux. Lieutenant Mitaka was scared-shitless of Kylo Ren. Lieutenant Mitaka had a good working relationship with Captain Phasma. Lieutenant Mitaka seemed to be friends with Chief Petty Officer Unamo. They talked often, and you had initially wondered if they were romantic. Petty Officer Thanisson, however, had hinted otherwise. “Good work,” General Hux said. You, thinking he was speaking to his lieutenant, continued to work on your screen. Then, feeling eyes boring into your skull from multiple directions, it dawned on you that you were ignoring the general’s praise. You blushed, deeper even than when Mitaka had touched you. “Th-thank you, Sir,” you said, glancing up to regard him. Thankfully, he took your failure to look up from your screen immediately as dedication to your job. He nodded then transferred his attention to another officer. The other gazes left you as well, and for this you were grateful. Yet Lieutenant Mitaka was regarding you with mild curiosity. You narrowed your eyes when you looked his way, hoping to intimidate him so that he would stop staring at you—you felt as though you were going to have a heart attack from the attention he was giving you. His brow creased, confusion crossing his features. Then something seemed to dawn on him. He cleared his throat, blushing and turning away from you. You weren’t an idiot. You could have died right there. Fainting. Disorientation. What could pass as food cravings. Sudden moodiness. Lieutenant Mitaka was thinking you were on your period. Fuck my life, man! Chapter 3 : New Task New Task Also-boss-man, but will-fucking-kill-you-man was aboard the Finalizer , the man having arrived early in the morning. It had only been yesterday that you had been mortified by your interactions with Lieutenant Mitaka, and here was another thing to irritate your nerves. You were not the only person on edge. Even General Hux was in a mood; it was not as though the two were best buds in any sense of the word. In fact, you doubted they were buds at all. It was true that in most cases Kylo Ren’s wants and needs were graded as above those of the First Order. That was perhaps one of the reasons the ginger haired officer disliked the Force User as much as he did. Both had a certain level of arrogance. That, again, did not surprise you; each was young for the position they were currently in. You pondered these things while sitting at your console. Thankfully, you were not working on the bridge today. That meant you did not have to face Lieutenant Mitaka, who doubtlessly still believed you were menstrual. You were also able to avoid the aforementioned irritable General. As for Kylo Ren…one never quite knew exactly where he was. Well, the General did, however that was only because he had access to the information regarding the tracking device that was affixed to the Knight’s belt. You wondered why it was that the man had a tracker on him, however soon dismissed the thoughts as they caused your production speed to take a nosedive. Near lunchtime, you rose from your console and headed out the door. The other officers had already switched out with the new shift, yet your replacement had not arrived. You pressed your lips into a thin line and ventured down the hallway. You well knew where your replacement was supposed to be if he was not already working at your console. Thus you were shocked to find him absent from the other post he had been assigned for the week. You stood in the middle of the doorway and stared blankly at the empty seat. You were not entirely surprised that his wasn’t the only empty seat. Gashes marred the console at which he had been working. Sparks flew from the ruined machine. Your eyes ventured about the room. What did surprise you was that only the one console was ruined. “Huh…” Apparently Kylo Ren had been personally offended by the one man. Or something on the screen. “I wonder if I still get to go to lunch.” You knew that realistically you should contact one of your superiors via commlink or the messaging system. Yet your stomach noisily grumbled, and you figured that seeking approval meant giving into the fact that there was a chance you could be denied. Thus you turned on your heel and headed for the cafeteria rather than returning to your post. If you ate something small, you reasoned, you wouldn’t be gone for long. In hindsight, that had been poor reasoning. You bowed your head in shame as you were berated by one of your superiors. The only thing that kept you from crumpling into a ball was that neither General Hux nor Lieutenant Mitaka were present. Captain Phasma was also absent. As for Kylo Ren, he had walked heavily into the room just a second ago. That had caused your superior to falter in her words, to stutter. You said nothing of her obvious discomfort, instead allowing her to continue to make you feel shitty about yourself. Satisfied with what she had said to you, your superior exited the room. It did not escape you that she walked more briskly the moment she had passed Kylo Ren, who lingered in the room with you. “C-Commander Ren,” you stuttered out, turning and regarding the man. It had become customary amongst those in the First Order to refer to the Knight as Master, Commander, or Lord Ren. Sir was also an appropriate title that did not get one Force-choked. “I could use your skills.” That was all he said before falling silent once more. You blinked at him, at a complete loss as to what he was referring. It was true that he randomly delved into the minds of those around him; but what skill set could he have possibly picked up that none of your peers had—oh. That your superior was aware of your stalking abilities, and no doubt that it was Lieutenant Mitaka whom you obsessed over, you found your shoulders dropping as once more you hung your head in shame. “Yes, sir.” The visor of his helmet remained pointed at you even as he shifted a step to the left. “You will be sent a list of the officers and technicians you are to monitor. Report any abnormal behavior to me.” Without further conversation, the Knight took his leave. In some ways you were flattered that your stalking skills were being viewed as useful, especially by a man of Ren’s caliber. On the other hand, you greatly feared that you would disappoint him. And if that happened then also-boss-man, but will-fucking-kill-you-man would do just as his title suggested. When at last you returned to your console, you found that there was a bulletin posted for all First Order employees. The individual who was to take over for you had been caught using the system for personal tasks not approved by the First Order. Thus he had been punished; furthermore, anyone caught doing likewise would face punishment as well. You opened your messages when you finished reading the bulletin. Sure enough, the list had already been sent your way. You were also informed that your personal datapad would have a similar message so that you could report directly to the Master of the Knights of Ren. Your gaze lingered on one of the names. Officer Ikuya was a close friend of Lieutenant Mitaka. Because of this, you knew exactly who he was and part of his work schedule; at least when it came to its similarities with Dopheld’s. You chewed on your bottom lip as you considered the fact that, should Ikuya be caught doing anything suspicious, you would be reporting on your obsession’s good friend. Possibly getting him killed. Hoo boy would he not like you then. What had you most nervous was that you had never stalked anyone other than the lieutenant. And now Ren had demanded that you stalk a total of—you counted up the names—eight people. Add that to your dear Mitaka, and you would be stalking nine individuals. “Damn,” you muttered under your breath. You started to wonder just what personal things your replacement had been doing. Possibly something that would jeopardize the First Order. You remained at your console for another hour before receiving a new message, once more from the Knight. Permission to leave your current task in order to do what he had ordered. You logged out of the system, stood, and headed to where one of the technicians were. You would check up on Ikuya at a later time. He would be working with Lieutenant Mitaka right then, and you still wanted to avoid the man after the previous day. Boss-man passed you in the opposite direction as you headed down one of the many corridors of the Finalizer . You noticed that the redhead lifted his eyes from his datapad to consider you before giving himself a small nod and continuing on without pause. It appeared that he was aware of your current mission. Perhaps the idea had been his, and Ren had merely known exactly whom to employ. You wondered for a moment if that meant General Hux was also aware of your obsession with the lieutenant. Goosebumps formed on your flesh, and you were thankful to be wearing long sleeves and pants. Females had the option of wearing a skirt if they were doing deskwork, however you never did so. You resisted the urge to turn back to the General and follow the man to see if he would give any indication that he knew. He would probably scold you or else engage in psychological warfare in which he made you a paranoid wreck. Thus you kept on your merry way towards the technician group that had both Orions and Smith. Of course, you would have to engage one of the other technicians in conversation and not let onto the fact that you were watching the reactions of those two. And then you were cursing your luck. Of course Lieutenant Mitaka would be present when you arrived. You bit back a visible flinch and finished entering the area that the group of five technicians were working. They were currently tending to malfunctioned droids. One of them, a female, looked over at you. Her attention, naturally, drew Mitaka’s. You stood at attention since he was your superior. He gave a dismissive nod, turned back to the technician he had been speaking with, and proceeded to ignore you. You had very mixed feelings about this, however decided to take advantage of the fact that you could continue with what you had come to do. “H—“ “Officer (L/n).” You swallowed hard and turned once more to the dark-haired man. Lieutenant Mitaka gestured towards the door. You awkwardly started to leave, feeling all the more nervous when you found that he was following you. When the two of you were out of earshot from the technicians, he spoke again. “I am checking on these two. I was informed by the General that you would also be assigned this task.” “Uhm… Yes, sir.” You said, feeling your cheeks heating up. “Perhaps I should have sent you a message to inform you which group I would be pursuing today. To prevent bias, would you mind observing Officer Ikuya today?” Now that you had his permission, in a way it made things less awkward. You felt yourself relaxing just the slightest. “Yes, sir.” “And…you’re feeling…better, (L/n)?” Your cheeks definitely heated up then, and your eyes darted away from his face. Lieutenant Mitaka cleared his throat. “I did not mean to make you uncomfortable. I simply do not wish to see your health compromised, especially given the task you and I will be sharing.” “I… My, uh, health is just fine, Lieutenant,” you said. “That’s…good. Also, you will report to me later for consequences regarding the way in which you left your post. I was informed that you were already verbally reprimanded, however I do not believe that is adequate given the severity of possible outcomes should others act similarly.” How could someone be so kind yet stern at the same time? It baffled you, and you found yourself blinking and staring dumbly at him. Catching onto the fact that he was still standing there because he was waiting for a reply, you quickly uttered out: “Yes, sir.” With a nod, Lieutenant Mitaka returned to the group of technicians. You, meanwhile, headed to where you knew Ikuya would be. Chapter 4 : Big Mouth Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Big Mouth When Officer Ikuya was discussing with a colleague that Lieutenant Mitaka would be pleased to hear donuts were going to be served at dinner time as dessert, all you could think was that you would be a much better friend, given the fact that you were aware Dopheld Mitaka preferred a slice of pie to a donut. It seemed there was an incident in the kitchen, however, and pies were out of the question. The man would be disappointed, you well knew, however he would eat the donut regardless. You took this conversation to mean that Ikuya preferred donuts to pie, deciding to store that information for another time should you need to get on his good side for either the task you were currently assigned or else if you needed to weasel out of him information regarding Mitaka—although now you were hesitant for the latter, given his mistake with something as trivial as a dessert. Indeed, you were truly a better friend to Mitaka…even though the man was unaware of this fact yet. Deciding it best to not continue staring like an idiot at Officer Ikuya and Petty Officer Jameston, you stepped closer. Jameston nodded in greeting, and you returned the gesture while Ikuya turned to see who it was Jameston was acknowledging. “Helens!” “It’s, uhm, (L/n),” you said, feeling suddenly even more awkward. Ikuya muttered out an apology, his eyes running up and down your frame. He was your superior by one rank. One damn rank, you thought. If only you were one rank higher then maybe Dopheld Mitaka would have noticed you. Well, you thought, he did know your name. However, he had never bothered to speak to you in the past. “Have you seen an earring? One was confiscated earlier…it doesn’t meet regulations…for some reason it was never turned in properly. The technician was asking about it.” “Hmm… No, I haven’t seen one,” Ikuya said. Jameston shook his head. “I haven’t either. I’ll keep an eye out for it. Just let you know?” “Or Lieutenant Mitaka, please,” you stated. The next second you were wondering why you had brought him up. Yet he was the first superior officer that popped into your head. You dismissed yourself, walking away in retreat from the pair. They seemed to be acting normally enough. Had not so much as flinched when they noticed you. That was a good thing, you supposed. You literally bumped into boss-man on the way down the corridor. You tensed up, apologizing to the general, who stared questioningly at you. “Progress?” he asked. You hesitated then managed a weak Not really, sir . He nodded, as though he was not the least bit surprised. “I see. Well, keep on it then.” “Of course, sir. Yes, general.” He stepped around you and continued on his way, presumably to the bridge. You exhaled deeply when he was no longer present. If it weren’t for your current task, you would have received a rather long verbal reprimand for crashing into him like you had. You do not make much progress the remainder of the day. At dinner, you are unsurprised to catch the crestfallen look on Mitaka’s face when he beholds the donuts. Pity wells up in your chest, and a part of you wishes you could comfort him in some way. Another part knows you would make a fool of yourself and insists it is better you are not attempting to do so. After dinner, on your way to your quarters, you find that also-boss-man, but-will-fucking-kill-you-man was waiting nearby. You froze, your eyes becoming impossibly wide as he beckoned you to follow. You felt a cold sweat break out, yet you obeyed. Maybe it would be a quicker death if you did what you were told. “I do not intend to kill you,” his modulated voice rang in your ears. You did not perk up in the least. There were things worse than death, you told yourself. Kylo Ren chuckled, likely in your head. Instead of entering your quarters, which were shared with three others, you found that you were led to Ren’s room. You slunk inside, your heart racing. It was when the door closed that the Knight reached up and removed his helmet. You jerked your eyes to the floor after catching the initial glance of his brown hair. The man turned, set his helmet on the edge of his bed, and paced in front of you. He sighed heavily. You furrowed your brow, thinking to yourself that he sounded younger than you had believed him to be. A knock on the door. Kylo stepped past you, hit a button to allow him to see who was on the other side, and permitted the individual entrance. Lieutenant Mitaka drew up to your side. “Commander Ren. Sir.” The door was closed again, sealing the three of you inside. “There has been an increase in the amount sent to reconditioning,” Ren said. You could not stop yourself from raising your eyes. Yup, much closer to your age than you had realized him to be. His brown eyes darted to your face then moved to the lieutenant. “A senior officer…an officer of lower rank… I will act as a technician. However…” You understood that while not all in the First Order had seen the man’s face, at least some of the superior officers had. “I…uhm… I could help with a disguise, sir,” you managed to say, your voice squeaking in fear. You wished it hadn’t, as it drew Lieutenant Mitaka’s attention to you. “I have…fake glasses. And…one of my previous roommates left a wig. It’s, uh, blonde.” “That will do.” Of course, what the three of you did not take into consideration was what wouldn’t do. That is to say, the following day at lunch, ‘Matt’ the Radar Technician made his debut. You and Lieutenant Mitaka, each on opposite sides of the cafeteria, were cringing. Wishing you had thought about the fact that it wasn’t as though Kylo Ren socialized with others often. Not politely, at least. He was awkward, to say the least. Practically glaring at everyone. People were staring at him strangely. You and Mitaka shared a look. Someone was going to have to teach Kylo Ren how to behave. Mitaka nodded in your direction. Damn. Him outranking you meant you were stuck with the job. You walked over to the disguised Kylo Ren, patting him on the back. He stiffened at the contact, looking at you with narrowed eyes. You cleared your throat. “Hey, Matt. I didn’t realize you got stationed here,” you said, attempting to sound as natural as ever. “Y-yeah. I did…(L/n).” The pause before your name, the pressure in your head. He had forgotten your name, for Pete’s sake! He shifted from one leg to the other, watching you with a look of uncertainty. “How…have you been then?” You weren’t sure if you speaking to him was making things worse or better. Some people had stopped staring at him at least. Matt looked you up and down. “Fine. Doing work.” Well, you thought, you couldn’t exactly judge his awkwardness without taking into account the fact that you had been stalking your crush for quite some time. You nodded. “Yeah… Yeah, it’s been busy.” “Yeah…” “Yeah…” Lieutenant Mitaka drew up and cleared his throat. “Matt, you were assigned to shadow someone then?” “They told me I would be shadowing someone after lunch,” Matt shot back. You cringed, knowing once again people were looking at the three of you. One did not speak to their superior like that. Matt cleared his throat and did what he could to look humbled. “Sir.” “Perhaps that can be changed. You will begin shadowing another technician tomorrow. In the meanwhile, I require your assistance after lunch.” Matt nodded. After several more moments of him standing there awkwardly, you set a hand on his upper arm and directed him towards the food line. Matt picked up a tray, loaded it with some food, and allowed you to take him to your table. He sat beside you, picking at the food and staring at each piece questioningly. Apparently he ate better than you did, which didn’t exactly surprise you. What did catch you off guard was Lieutenant Mitaka bringing his tray of food over to the table and sitting across from Matt. There was not much conversation to be had, which was just as well. Dopheld outlined what he would be requiring of Matt, which you knew to be a cover-up for the fact that they would be observing those on the list. It was when Lieutenant Mitaka rose to take his leave that you looked up from your then-emptied tray of food. You stared at his ass as he walked away. Lifted your eyes towards a strip of metal near the ceiling so that you could continue to watch him until he was halfway out of the cafeteria. That was when the disguised Kylo Ren piped up. “Are you watching his ass in the metal?” You could feel the eyes of everyone suddenly directed on you. Even Mitaka’s. His eyes caught yours in the aforementioned metal. Your eyes dropped and your cheeks heated up. You had been stalking him for so long without ever getting caught. And now! Now he knew you had been staring at his ass. All because your socially-awkward superior couldn’t wait two more seconds before speaking. “He’s gone now…” You chanced a peek up at the metal to find that Kylo Ren was telling you the truth. You looked at the man, fighting off the urge to glare at him because he was, after all, will-fucking-kill-you-man. And he was also smirking smugly at you man. “He blushed, you know.” Your own reddened cheeks turned darker. Him reveling in your discomfort wasn’t something you were happy for. Not even if it meant that Dopheld Mitaka had blushed when he had learned that you had been staring at his ass. Notes: I love Matt too much not to add him. Plus Kylo Ren is having fun playing matchmaker. Chapter 5 : Spirit Animal Notes: I started this chapter a while ago, but actually finishing it took me a bit, and I apologize for that. Hopefully it's worth the wait. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Spirit Animal “That was not cool, Matt ,” you hissed as you followed the disguised Kylo Ren out of the cafeteria. “He’s… He’s not supposed to know that I like him.” “I thought the whole point of stalking was to eventually gain the person’s attention.” “Maybe usually ,” you grumbled. “But I can’t… He wouldn’t fraternize with me like that. No. Nope. Just don’t make any more comments like that…please.” “You are…socially awkward.” “ I’m socially awkward?” You openly gaped at him. Who was he to say that! The freaking hypocrite! The man released a noise of affirmation. Knowing it was better to not argue with the man who could—and possibly would—easily kill you, you did not continue your protests. Beside, he split off from you in order to go meet up with Lieutenant Mitaka. You sulked off, going off to utilize your stalking skills for the betterment of the First Order. All in all, people were generally boring when you did not have a vested interest in them. Or, at the very least, a personal interest in them. You knew every little bit of information you could gather was helpful to the First Order, however you often found your mind wandering back to the real object of your stalkerish glee. Your path did not cross Lieutenant Mitaka’s the remainder of that day, which was both good—given what occurred at lunch—and bad. At the end of the day, the disguised Kylo Ren passed you by. He paused, squinted his eyes at you, and then continued on his way. You frowned, unable to help but wonder what it was he was thinking. When you arrived at your quarters and lifted your datapad, however, you saw that there was a message for you from your superior. Also-boss-man, but-will-fucking-kill-you-man had written to you, and presumably Mitaka, regarding a social event that employees of the First Order were invited to. It seemed that there were a number of those on your watch list attending. It was decided that the three of you would also attend. You frowned, glowering at the screen. Attending meant dressing up, bringing attention onto yourself in some way, shape, or form. Given what had occurred at lunch, you weren’t entirely sure you wanted that to happen. And what if Mitaka brought up the fact that you had stared at his ass? You shuddered, but rose all the same and started to grab out some of the more formal wear you owned. If it weren’t for the mission you were a part of, you would have thought that Kylo Ren was bored enough to be attempting to set you up with Lieutenant Mitaka. When you had finished applying some make-up, you stared at yourself in the mirror. You did not receive a lot of opportunities to dress up, to pretty yourself up. “Wow…I’m sort of a babe,” you said—then, naturally, ruined the effect by making a face that was more humor and ridiculous than anything. You gave yourself a wink and then moved away from the mirror and towards the door. You released a half-scream, half-squeak when you opened it to reveal ‘Matt’. He frowned, unamused by your terror. “Uh… I, uhm, thought we were all going to just meet…there…” His eyes darted to your chest. You placed your hands over it. With a sigh, the disguised Kylo Ren steered you right back into your room. He walked to your wardrobe and started to rummage through your clothing. When he pulled out a dress that allowed for more cleavage to show, you felt your cheeks heating up. You took it from him when he handed it to you. Then, turning your back to him, you shimmied out of the dress you were currently wearing and then put on the one he had chosen. You fiddled with the front, not sure how you felt about the cleavage. The dress had been given to you as a gift. What if Lieutenant Mitaka didn’t like cleavage? You frowned at that thought. But what if he thought poorly of women who showed too much cleavage? What if he thought you were desperate ? Kylo Ren seized you by the shoulder and turned you around. His eyes were on your chest again. “Better,” he stated. You gawked at him. “What the crap?” He blinked, perhaps due to the way you had spoken to him. Perhaps due to the genuine confusion in your voice. “You’re my date tonight.” “And your dates have to look slutty or something?” you asked. Not that you looked slutty. In fact, if anyone asked you, you looked even more like a hotty than you had a few minutes ago. Matt did not answer you. He was too busy watching you grope yourself. You were staring down at your breasts, messing around with them and forgetting that you had an audience. You soon remembered, however, as the man was kind enough to clear his throat. You dropped your hands to your side. “Sorry.” “Since I’m ‘recently transferred’,” he said, using his fingers to indicate the air-quotes. It was adorable, it really was. Also-boss-man, but-will-fucking-kill-you-man was your spirit animal. “The reason I would go to an event like this would be if I was with someone.” “I guess…but why this dress?” His eyes went to your chest then to your face. “Okay… Point enough.” He did a really good job at non-verbally stroking your ego. “Do you…do you think the lieutenant will like it?” A single, slow blink from him. You sighed. “Alright. Uhm… Lord Ren?” He gave a dip of his chin. “Uh…should we, er, hook arms or something?” It took a good five minutes for the two of you to properly hold onto one another. You could easily tell he was not accustomed to being handled this way, to handling people so…gently. In the end, however, you managed to hook your arm into his without it looking like the two of you were some sort of jesters. The disguised Kylo Ren led you out of your quarters and towards where the social event was being held. You had typically avoided these things in the past, what with the talking aspect. You had always worried that you would be forced into a situation where you would have to converse with Lieutenant Mitaka, and you hadn’t wanted to make a fool of yourself. Well, with that out of the way and with you being forced by your superior, it wasn’t as though you had to worry about it any longer. As for said superior, he had hardly attended social gatherings of this sort. It would have ruined his reign of terror in certain respects. And here the two of you were, fake-dating to spy on your fellow First Order members. It was actually quite exciting. Then suddenly nerve-wrecking when Lieutenant Mitaka stepped into view. His lips parted and he was unable to keep his eyes from darting to your chest. You could see Matt’s smirk in your peripheral. “Lieutenant,” he said cordially. Mitaka lifted his eyes from your chest and cleared his throat. “Matt—you seem to be, ah, fitting in, s—“ He had nearly said sir , which caused both the disguised Kylo Ren and you to stiffen then relax when he corrected himself “—so well.” “Yeah, it’s been…nice.” “Y-yeah,” you said, feeling awkward standing there like that. People were looking your way here and there. “Uhm, I’m going to go…introduce Matt to a few people.” You tugged at the man’s arm, practically hyperventilating being this close to Lieutenant Mitaka when you were dressed in a way that had his attention on you. You were supposed to watch him; not the other way around! You noticed the look of confusion on Mitaka’s face, however did not want to start actually hyperventilating before moving away from him. When you were out of earshot of the man, you glanced at your superior. “Are you…are you trying to hook me up with him?” Those brown eyes slid your way. You nearly fainted there. “Holy bantha balls.” “Why do you think you were moved to the bridge? General Hux did not believe me when I informed him of your stalking abilities and crush on the lieutenant.” “Why would you be talking abou—“ “Due to the current…situation,” he said, phrasing it as such when some officers walked past the two of you. “General Hux believes Lieutenant Mitaka will have relations with you if given a nudge. Captain Phasma thinks your obsession will turn him away.” You stared at him, feeling your cheeks heating up. Holy bantha balls, all three of your superiors were making bets on your sex life! “They chose me to act as a neutral party…while we complete the mission for Supreme Leader.” “This is why the dress?” He shot you a strange look at your phrasing, but nodded all the same. You dropped your gaze to your own cleavage. “Did he like it?” Kylo Ren sighed before walking on, tugging you with him. “What are you getting out of this deal anyhow? Acting as a neutral party.” “It’s payment for destroying part of the ship,” he mumbled. That sounded about right, you had to admit. “I need to touch your ass.” It would have been more flattering if he hadn’t said it in such a monotone. Matt dropped his hand to your ass, cupping it as a few other officers approached. You conversed with them, Kylo Ren’s hand on your butt the entire time. The way he was holding you truly seemed to sell many on your ‘relationship’. You leaned into him as another group came to introduce themselves to ‘Matt’. It took you a number of minutes to realize that some were coming over simply to get a better look at your chest. “I think I figured out another reason you wanted this dress,” you whispered to him as the two of you began walking again. He chuckled, his hand shifting from your rear to your back. Your eyes darted back up to one of the decorations, through which you had been watching Lieutenant Mitaka the entire night. He kept glancing your way, his eyes constantly traveling to where the disguised Kylo Ren was touching your butt—now your back. And was that relief on his face at this fact? You turned so that your mouth was near Matt’s ear, but so that you were at an angle where you could continue to watch Mitaka. “Is he…is he jealous?” “For such a successful stalker, you’re rather obvious,” Matt said, leaning his head so that his cheek rested on the top of your head to make for a more natural look between the two of you. “Stalking-mode, (L/n).” You nodded, and obeyed. No more obviousness. Tone down your excitement. You wrapped an arm around his back, caressing his shoulder blade with your thumb. A few officers whispered, some of the females sending you looks that said they thought you were a cute couple, or else had jealous expressions. “I can totally be your wingman, you know that?” Also-boss-man, but-will-fucking-kill-you-man hummed in confusion. “Some ladies are looking our way…if I slap your face, you could get some sympathy sex.” He shifted almost imperceptibly. “Afterwards, we can pretend to get back together again. Then you don’t have to worry about the whole ‘call me’ bit. Because I can pretend to want to claw her eyes out if she does. Meanwhile, you can get something of the lieutenant’s for me.” “He only has three hats. He’ll notice if he’s missing one.” You deflated a bit. Kylo Ren noticed another officer, however. A female, whom he gestured to surreptitiously. “Her.” “Who—oh. Yeah, she’s nice.” He made a noise. “One time, she and I got drunk together. We made out playing spin the bottle. I think you’ll like her. She’s pretty cool. Have fun. Get me the hat that has a very small flaw in its seam. That one’s my favorite.” “Okay…slap me.” “Wait. First we have to act like we’re bickering. Make it look real. Trust me, we can do this.” “For the hat.” “And to get you laid.” Also-boss-man, but-will-fucking-kill-you-man was definitely your spirit animal. Notes: Yup, all three of your superiors are making bets. And, yes, reader has a favorite hat that Lieutenant Mitaka wears. There will be more interaction between them later. Chapter 6 : Caught Notes: Sorry for the delay. Have been having a bad flare-up of my interstitial cystitis, which has left me getting crap for sleep (thus focusing on writing and reading has been horrible) Thankfully it seems to be dying down. Also, for those interested, you can follow me on my personal instagram of @elmidol (It's also where I sometimes advertise my books, giveaways going on with them and such); or you can follow me on my SW-themed instagram of @reyisval Currently doing some giveaways on there as well. Anyhow, hope you all enjoy! Caught You cuddled the hat close to your chest and sighed happily. To say the least, Kylo Ren had delivered. A longer explanation was that a very flushed-faced ‘Matt’ had come to your room, and you had had to help him fix his wig. His glasses were a little skewed as well, yet your attention was instead on the hat that was in his hand. He glanced from it to you, quirked a brow, and at last surrendered the object to you. You had hugged it immediately, thanked him, and then promptly reminded yourself that he was still also-boss-man, but-will-fucking-kill-you-man. A frown at tugged at his lips at this, the man blinking slowly. You had to remind yourself that he could read minds. Thus he was now, in your mind, dubbed also-boss-man-my-spirit-animal-man. Returning to the present, you rolled onto your back and set the hat on top of your chest whilst staring at the ceiling. You could not help but wonder what Lieutenant Mitaka was doing that exact moment. Then you worried that he would fret over his missing hat—yet you had no intentions of relinquishing it to anyone, not even its proper owner. You pressed your lips to the rim of the hat, giving it a light kiss and rolling onto your stomach. Your legs were bent at the knees, your feet waving back and forth in the air. What if Captain Phasma is right though? your mind suddenly supplied, worry beginning to bubble in your chest. You had never in the past intended to gain the man’s attention, always fearful of being rejected. Now that you appeared to have it on some level, however, you could not help but wonder if the fact that you had essentially stalked him would be something that disgusted him. Terrified him. Made him want to flush you out of an airlock. You eyed his hat with a small amount of regret. “You would hate me, wouldn’t you?” With a heavy sigh, you slipped the hat onto your head and traced your fingers along the rim. “You would—“ A knocking on your door caused you to break off. You furrowed your brow, rather confused and wondering who exactly would be visiting at this time in the sleep cycle, and rose from the bed. Your feet pattered against the ground as you walked to the door. You opened it, tensing at the sight of your obsession standing there. He opened his mouth, paused, and knit his brow. His gaze was on the top of your head. Suddenly your heart was racing. You were unsure if you had paled or turned red with blush. “Is…that…” He hesitated. Clearly he did not want to accuse you of anything, yet it was evident the hat had been created for a head that was not yours. Lieutenant Mitaka shook his head, his eyes not leaving the object as he changed the subject. “May I come in?” “Yes, sir,” you managed to squeak out, stepping back so that he could enter. The door closed behind him, and that was when he started to speak again. He asked you whether or not you and Kylo Ren had learned anything of interest. “N…not really, sir.” You were wearing your pajamas. A tanktop. No bra. Loose pants. Lieutenant Mitaka’s hat on the top of your head. When at last Dopheld dropped his gaze from the hat, his eyes landed on your cleavage. He then jerked his attention up higher, to your face. You were certain you were blushing at this point. The fact that his cheeks reddened as well only confirmed this. “That’s…my hat, isn’t it?” You felt your heart racing in your chest, pounding so hard and loud that you wondered if he could hear it too. You shifted from one foot to the other. “Officer (L/n)…that’s highly inappropriate.” He reached up, removed his hat from your head, and held onto it with both hands. You lowered your gaze to the floor, feeling as though you wanted to cry. “I—“ You rushed past him, nearly knocking him over as you quickly exited your quarters. You dodged past anyone who was walking down the corridors and hallways. Ignored people who called your name or shouted at you to stop. Planned to keep running until you collapsed—but instead were stopped all too soon in a manner that had the wind knocked out of you with an ooph! as Kylo Ren’s arm collided with your stomach. He spun you up over his shoulder, the black blur that was him ducking into a different portion of the Finalizer so that the two of you were alone. “You sent him to me, didn’t you!?” you hissed, pounding a fist against his back. Then you tensed up, remembering well who he was. You waited to die, but didn’t. Kylo Ren allowed you to drop onto your ass. You winced, staring up at his masked face. “You ran away…” As though you had fucked up, and not the man standing before you. Here you had helped to get him laid, and he had shafted you! “He’s aware of your feelings for him, and you’re afraid.” “Afraid? Fucking terrified! He called it inappropriate… The three of you…if you hadn’t interfered…I… I was fine when he didn’t notice me!” Kylo Ren cocked his head to the side. “He probably doesn’t even know the half of it, and he’s calling me inappropriate, and—what the hell are you—nn!” He had pinned your body against the wall, bringing your legs up around his waist and nuzzling the side of your neck with his cold mask. A moment later Lieutenant Mitaka stepped into view. The man froze, his eyes widening. He stood completely immobile, even after Kylo had replaced you on your feet and stepped away. The Force user strode down the corridor, leaving you alone with the other. “S-sir…I—“ “You’re…involved with Lord Ren?” His adam’s apple bobbed. “I had believed the two of you were…acting.” “That was…practice…for…we’re pretending we’re…an actual couple, and… To make it look more convincing tomorrow, given that he…uhm…with another woman… For while we’re disguised, he—“ “And my…hat?” “A…stupid prank. I’m sorry.” “Why did you run?” You could no longer meet his gaze, having run out of lies. Dopheld took a step closer to you then another. “He wasn’t mistaken…when he had commented that you were staring at me. He was stating a fact, wasn’t he?” “S-sir, I—“ “It’s inappropriate… I’m your superior.” With every word, he closed the distance between the two of you until his mouth was hovering only inches from yours. “You can’t stop watching me, can you?” You swallowed thickly. “It’s why you were chosen for this assignment. You have…a talent for observations.” “I’m sorry.” “For being too embarrassed to approach me?” “For…stalking you, sir.” “That indepth?” “Y…yes, sir.” “You…fainted that day…because I touched you…” You winced. “That’s rather clumsy, Officer (L/n).” Your cheeks were burning , and your nerves were starting to kill you. It was difficult to tell exactly how he felt about your revelations. It was moments such as this that you understood how he had become lieutenant of the Finalizer . “Why did you want my hat?” You shrugged. “I expect an answer.” Suddenly with a tone of authority. You winced. Fiddling with the edge of your tank top, you eyed the object in question. “It…it’s my…favorite.” “Why?” “It’s…it’s flawed…but you still wear it.” Your eyes darted up to his face then back to his hat—and then you were staring at his smile. He was amused by your response. “S-sir?” “You should…refrain from stalking me, (L/n).” It wasn’t harsh, the way he spoke. This was the softer side of him that had attracted you to the man in the first place. “Spending time with a superior officer is allowed so long as approval is granted.” “But…aren’t you…mad?” “I’m still at the stage of being baffled by your behavior. You should return to your quarters.” He straightened himself. “You aren’t wearing an outfit within regulations to be wandering around the halls like this.” You nodded dumbly, shuffling around him and heading back to your quarters. You spared a quick glance over your shoulder at the object of your obsession. His back was to you, and he appeared to be staring straight ahead. His mind was obviously still trying to process all that he had learned. Please don’t come to the conclusion that you’re disgusted by this all, you thought, both hopefully and miserably at the same time as you left him standing there with the hat you had so wanted to keep for yourself. Chapter 7 : New Fears Notes: Sorry for the long Hiatus. Was finishing a few fics on other sites (still have one to do, but it's getting close to the end), and so I put this fic on the back burner. New Fears Though you had returned to your quarters, you found that remaining there was a completely different thing. A large part of you wanted to find the nearest airlock. He now knew that you had been stalking him. What if he decided that it did repulse him? You recalled that Kylo Ren had stated Captain Phasma was betting against you. She believed that Dopheld Mitaka would be disgusted by that fact. General Hux was under the impression that your fellow officer would still be interested. The truth of the matter was that you did not know which of them was a better judge of Mitaka’s character. What if I had kept quiet about stalking him? Maybe…if he thought I only sometimes watched him… Your thoughts trailed off as you squeezed your eyes closed and fought off the urge to shout in frustration. You balled your hands into fists and then tried to think of something else. The mission! For some reason there had been an increase in the number of those sent to reconditioning. What could be happening there? You had spent so much time watching Lieutenant Mitaka that you had not noticed this trend until it had been brought to your attention. A number of individuals you came into contact with had been sent to reconditioning, now that you thought of it. You hummed to yourself. It was likely someone was passing out paraphernalia that did not fall under regulations. If such items were not approved by those in positions of authority, there was a chance they held views that conflicted with those of the First Order. On that note, your mind wandered to when your books had been taken away. All those novels and holonovels. Not within regulations. No approval received for them. Whatever was causing all these other incidences of reconditioning had to be from something smaller than a holonovel. Or, at least, less noticeable. There was no mention of anything wrong with them physically or anything, so I don’t think it has to do with a drug of any sort. Rolling over onto your back, you then slowly sat up. You were cross-legged, your hands in your lap. Seeing that you could not sleep, you decided that it would be wise to begin compiling a list of potential objects, or…anything. You grabbed up the datapad you used to compose drafts of any documents your superiors ever wanted from you. On it you started to open a new file, encrypt it so that others could not open it—that was the last thing you wanted to be responsible for, information about the search being released. You then began to make notes, including how your own experience with losing your books had been handled. Maybe there’s a club I don’t know about, you thought, adding that to the list a moment later. A group hanging out together, depending upon their gossip, could cause a change. Mob mentality. You nodded to yourself. It made sense as to why your superiors were focusing on a set of specific individuals. Those people, from what you had seen of them, easily influenced those around them. Charismatic. But who would want their peers to act in a way that would make it to where they were forced to be sent to reconditioning? And, for that matter, why? For giggles? Who was so sick? A promotion? your mind supplied. To know this, you would have to get the list of those sent to reconditioning. It was likely that whoever was the culprit would find a few social circles. Otherwise it would be easily traced. You rubbed your chin at that thought. What promotions were up for grabs? That was something you would worry about later. You made a final few notes then put your datapad away. Though the disappointment and worry over how Lieutenant Mitaka would view you clung, it was easier to sleep given that you had been productive on your mission. Even if only a little. When you awoke, you found yourself remaining in bed. Your mind was running over the notes you had made the previous night. Was it too soon to share them with Kylo Ren? Also-boss-man, but-will-fucking-kill-you-man was your spirit animal in some respects, yet the second portion of his name—the one you had given him—remained. If you disappointed him… And getting up also meant that you had to see Lieutenant Mitaka’s reaction to you. I don’t want him to hate me… He could not return my feelings. I could live with that. But… If I disgust him… You decided it was time to stop simply worrying, and get a move on it. Being lectured for being late would not help to improve a single thing. You washed, dressed, and walked in the direction of the workstation you were assigned to for the day. You had your datapad on you, that way no one could stumble upon it by accident. Even though the document was encrypted—well, there were a number of individuals aboard the Finalizer capable of breaking into the document all the same. Having grabbed a light breakfast on your way, you finished the final few bites whilst logging into your console. You could simply avoid Dopheld, you decided. Report directly to Kylo Ren. That would be fine. Delay the inevitable. Your shoulders slumped at the thought. It was better to get it done and over with—after lunch. You would give yourself that much time. It would allow you to focus on your work tasks without committing any errors. You were eager to make it to the cafeteria when your replacement arrived to relieve you. You grabbed up your datapad, ever careful to keep it with you, and began to head away. Your pace was a little quicker than normal, though you made sure to not appear unprofessional or else in too much of a hurry. You had been reprimanded in the past for running through the hallways—that was only allowed in cases of emergency. Being hungry was not an emergency, not to the First Order. You froze and wondered if running away from a superior officer would be emergency enough. Lieutenant Mitaka had not yet noticed you. He was standing in the hallway, his body perpendicular to yours. His gaze was on a datapad. You felt your knees threatening to buckle. Your breathing ceased when he half-turned his head, his attention on you. The man made no move in your direction. Not a single step. You had every chance to take a different route. Turning sharply, you collided with a black brick wall. “Sir,” you muttered, knowing full well the identity of this wall. He’s not dressed as Matt today. “Officer (L/n).” You nodded, too flustered and nervous to trust your voice. Kylo Ren’s hand was on your datapad. He drew the object out of your grasp, and you allowed for this. “I will read your report now.” That being said, he walked off. You felt as though one weight had been lifted off your shoulders. Your superior knew that you were taking the mission seriously. On that same note, said man had left you to deal with your more personal problems. You shyly peeked in the lieutenant’s direction. His gaze had not left you, and he still had yet to come your way. At the same time, he had not moved away from you either. There were no hints of disgust on his features. That was a good sign, wasn’t it? Your heart started to race when he took that first step in your direction. You stood there, telling yourself to not run. Knowing your luck, you would crash into something. Plus, Lieutenant Mitaka could punish you for running from him. When he arrived in front of you, his eyes wandered about your face. “I looked into your file—it has nothing in regards to you running from your issues. On the contrary, you are known to correct problems that others have made without being credited.” The more he spoke, the more you could feel your cheeks heating up. Yes, you had stalked him. But now he was seeking out information about you. You did not know how to react. “I am curious, I will admit, as to why you find it necessary to run from me.” “S-sir…” Your eyes darted about. There were not many officers, technicians or stormtroopers in the hallway. All that were present were out of earshot. “I…” His foot slid closer to yours. Your mind was screaming all the louder for you to book it out of there. You doubted you would get very far; the man could physically catch you with such ease. “I only have a short lunch break, so I should go now.” You found that you were unable to meet his gaze. That did not stop you from hearing the man sigh, which caused you to refrain from walking away despite giving him a reason for you to leave. “I am attempting to discover what it is you find some… Why it was me you stalked.” You winced at the word. You had never quite been fully ashamed of your actions until they had been put out there in the open. “What was it that attracted you?” You stood there, feeling rather stupid. The toes of his shoes were now touching yours. “I cannot help but remember what you said about my hat. The reason that it’s your favorite…” You gulped, your fingers clutching at the legs of your pants. When you had told the disguised Kylo Ren that you had planned on never having your attraction to the lieutenant divulged, you had been being one-hundred percent honest with him. You had feared rejection. And, you noted with your head figuratively spinning, you had also feared him returning your feelings. Or being curious about them. You knew things about Lieutenant Mitaka, and yet the two of you had never truly had a conversation like this. What if it turned out he did not live up to the man you had built him up to be in your mind? What if reality was not as fulfilling as the fantasy? “It was…stupid,” you said at last, shaking your head. “You should probably replace it…so that you don’t get in trouble.” “The imperfection has already been noted. It is a spare.” He released a light noise you could not identify. “Are you deflecting?” The tinge of amusement in his voice had you at long last looking up at his face. There was a wry grin plastered there. “In most cases, I have to admit, I would have been appalled to know I was being stalked. Yet… Working with you as I have… Looking into your file… You’re rather…” He cleared his throat. “Not wanting credit—it is not because you lack ambition… You’re shy.” “S-sir… I…” You looked over the man’s shoulder, focusing on the goings-on of the Finalizer in order to give yourself some strength. “I am going to go to lunch.” This time the man did not protest or else say anything to detain you further. You stepped around him, at long last making your way to the cafeteria. You filled your tray with food, took a seat, and began to slowly eat. Between each bite you would pause. Your gaze was always drawn to the metal strip that you had in the past utilized in your stalking of the lieutenant. Watching him there. Seeing his smile when he spoke with his colleagues— your peers. You had wondered, back then, what it would feel like for him to kiss you. Now you were terrified of that truly happening. What if he did not like the way you kissed? What if you did not enjoy the way he kissed? All at once, you were mentally cursing your three superiors. If only they had left well-enough alone. Chapter 8 : Thanks Thanks The remainder of the cycle, you found yourself lucky enough to not run into Mitaka again. You were so confused as to how to feel about the entire situation, and you continuously cursed your superiors in the back of your head. You did not know how to deal with the Lieutenant when you saw him again. It was obvious he was now curious about you—most girls would have been pleased. You were still on the stage of being stressed by the very idea of it, that the two of you could disappoint one another’s expectations. You held in a groan, logged out of the system you had been working on, and moved out of the chair for your replacement to take the seat. You walked through the door into the passageway before noticing that a certain black figure was standing off to the side. You paused in your steps, your attention directed on your superior. Kylo Ren’s cowl was not atop his head, which gave you full view of the helmet. It was a strange shape, you thought, and yet perfect for the battlefield. His head tilted a fraction of an inch towards the right in a gesture you knew was meant to summon you to him. You switched direction, turning on your heel so that you faced the man in full, and walked over to him. Rather than begin speaking to you immediately, Kylo Ren also turned and proceeded to head down the passageway. You followed along after him; it struck you immediately that his intentions were to discuss the mission with you. You wondered if he was pleased with the work you had done, or if had been all for naught. If your work did not aid in the mission, then you were back to square one with your thinking. Your coworkers offered you only passing glances when they looked your way at all. Kylo Ren was someone to be avoided. You inwardly nodded, thinking that this was exactly why you referred to him as also-boss-man, but-will-fucking-kill-you-man. It did help matters; this mean that you would not have to worry about anyone following after the two of you to listen in on the conversation that would take place. Kylo Ren punched the button that opened the door to one of the rooms aboard the Finalizer that was rarely used. You peeked around to make sure no one was watching when you followed him inside—there was no need for any rumors regarding what might be happening between you and Ren. “Sir?” “Do officers frequently gossip about sexual advances?” “More than you know,” you said without missing a beat. A hum was your response. The man flicked on the light, which flickered on. You squinted for a moment as your eyes adjusted to the sudden brightness. “We don’t let it distract us from work, but… I guess everyone has their flaws.” “Indeed.” Kylo Ren turned around so that he was once more facing you. Your stare dropped from his masked face down to his chest. The man was imposing in all regards, yet you found that when you did not look at that black mask, you were somehow comforted. “Your notations were discussed with General Hux and Captain Phasma. Some of those sent to reconditioning had indeed been recently recommended for promotion prior to such behaviors. Sabotage amongst the ranks is not something we wished to consider.” You tapped your fingers against your outer thigh and nodded. You did not want to consider it either; that someone would ruin the careers of their peers, thus putting the First Order in jeopardy in other respects. “Even if that’s why they’re being targeted, sir… How are… What would cause the change?” “General Hux is further exploring a number of your suggestions. Something easily smuggled onboard the Finalizer . It need also be uncovered the rank of the individual supplying such items. Is this a superior officer not wishing to have specific individuals soon outrank them? Or is it another lower ranking officer who would instead gain the promotion? The lieutenant, you, and I will continue to mingle with the crew until this can be determined.” You nodded dumbly, your head bobbing a few times as you tried to absorb all this information. What you had suggested did benefit the mission, allowing for some progress; and yet you were just as lost as before. What if the individual was your superior? Talk about awkward. Or dangerous—if someone was indeed targeting those up for promotion, it was for selfish reasons no matter what. Which meant you needed to avoid airlocks. A chuckle reverberated through the room, drawing you back to the present. Your eyes flick up to the dark mask. “You appear panicked—are you worrying for your safety?” It was all you could do to manage a soft yes . “This has been taken into consideration as well. Focus completely on the task given to you.” “Yes, sir,” you said. As you spoke, the Force user brushed past you and exited the room. You turned off the lights before leaving as well. Your heart leapt to your throat. Kylo Ren was further away from you, and yet there was someone else who was present. Lieutenant Mitaka stood completely straight, his stance professional. “Uhm…” “It would be best if I escorted you to your quarters,” the man stated simply, gesturing for you to begin walking. You wordlessly obeyed, your mind buzzing with thoughts. “General Hux spoke with me while Commander Ren was with you. Your safety is being prioritized.” “Commander Ren did say that,” you said, the level of your voice rather quiet. You felt your nervousness returning in full. “I… That is… Why are you interested in me all of a sudden?” Lieutenant Mitaka chuckled, his pace even with yours as the two of you walked side-by-side down the corridor. “I have always known you to be an excellent worker. The fact that you are so shy drew me in.” “That’s not…Er…. I don’t think that’s a quality I want to have attracting people to me.” All this you spoke under your breath, mumbling. Lieutenant Mitaka cocked his head to the side, and once he managed to discern everything you had said, he shot a smile your way. You swallowed thickly. Sweat was gathering on the palms of your hands. “I sort of just… I was used to watching you from afar.” “Do I meet your expectations?” Your head felt as though it was spinning. That was precisely what you kept trying to figure out for yourself. Was this man everything you had imagined him to be? Worse? Better? Your eyes widened then returned to their normal size. You released a light noise of indecisiveness, which had the man nodding in understanding. This was one way he did meet your expectations; he could be both so stern and yet kind. You were rather pleased that this extended to his interactions with you. The two of you soon arrived at the entrance to your quarters. You stopped by the door, shifting from one leg to the other as you fumbled out a way to say goodnight without being too unprofessional or too stiff. Just as you were opening your mouth to speak, you found that your voice caught in your throat at he sight of Lieutenant Mitaka reaching into the front of his uniform. He withdrew the hat that you had previously received from the disguised Kylo Ren. Air rushed out of your lungs, and the sweat increased on your palms, also forming on the back of your neck. You could think of nothing at all when Dopheld Mitaka held the object out in offering. “I requested permission…from General Hux, that is… If you wish to—that is to say, I am open to exploring a relationship with you.” Your eyes darted from his face to the hat and back. A strange tingling sensation was running up and down your spine. The man’s adam’s apple bobbed when he swallowed; you had not made a move to reach for the hat. Shaking your head, bringing yourself back to reality, you lifted a limb and wrapped your fingers around the rim. “S-sure…I… I think that would be…nice…” Suddenly you knew exactly how the disguised Kylo Ren had felt, fumbling with simple conversations. You raised the hat, set it atop your head, and crossed your arms behind your back. You felt like a silly girl from the academy. And this silly girl was about to receive a kiss from her crush—your heart leapt into your throat when Lieutenant Mitaka pressed his lips against your cheek. In a way, it was all the more perfect, because he had been bold but also respected boundaries. “Goodnight,” he said. “We will discuss strategy tomorrow.” “Y-yeah… G… Good…night, uhm, sir,” you said, walking backwards into your quarters after opening the door. The look of amusement on his face remained the entire time, up until the door closed. You, all the while, grinned like a complete fool. You really owed your asshole superiors a thanks. Chapter 9 : New Suspects New Suspects You nearly vomited in the morning; that was normal, given that your nerves were almost completely shot what with your emotional fluctuations between pure giddiness and absolute worry. You were excited to see Lieutenant Mitaka, and yet also debating what could all go wrong. Another source of your nervousness was the mission. You knew things were only going to get more sticky from here. And, while your superiors had informed you that your well-being was being looked after, you were not sure they could protect you everywhere. Whoever this person was who had others being sent to reconditioning, they were obviously skilled at moving in the shadows. They had not gotten caught yet, even with Ren on their tail. It did not take you too long to dress and ready yourself for the day. What did take you a while was slinking down to the cafeteria for breakfast. You stuck close to walls, save for when there was a corridor or a door anyone could yank you towards. When you approached such areas, you swerved close to the center of the hallways. Your actions soon began to inspire those around you to stare, and so you ducked your head and remained in the center of the hallway the entire time. The cafeteria was buzzing with activity; trays were being lifted or else set down. Food piled onto plates or into bowls. You quickly began to mimic such behavior. One thing that helped to calm you was the sight of the ever-awkward ‘Matt’ shifting out of line in favor of seeking out a table at which to eat. You smiled to yourself the moment he chose the table you often ate at. You grabbed blindly at the food, not caring what you ended up eating so much as wanting to be near someone you would feel safe around. The disguised Kylo Ren scowled—not that he hadn’t already been frowning—as you sat down beside him. “Your skills have lessened.” Your bottom lip protruded forward at this. “Perhaps I overestimated how useful you could be.” He kept his voice low so as to not allow for eavesdropping. Despite this, you felt embarrassed by his words alone. This man was your superior, and in that alone you wanted his praise. Given that you had come to enjoy his company from time to time on a personal level, it stung all the more. “Sorry. I…got thrown off my game with everything that’s happened.” His response was to grunt. “Caf should help.” As though to make your point, you lifted the cup to your lips and took a generous swig. “You and I will be working together today,” he drawled when again you set down your cup. Your eyes flicked over to him. His gaze was trained on his food, which he eyed with a certain level of disgust. “After further investigation, those sent to reconditioning predominately fall into two categories…two different promotional categories, that is.” Two promotions, you repeated in your head, outwardly nodding to let the man know you were listening. “He’ll look into one…we have the other.” You took he to mean Lieutenant Mitaka. This made sense to you; the man would not be questioned when interacting with officers of a rank above yours. That meant that at least one of the promotions was, indeed, for someone above you. The idea that there might be a second individual unnerved you. Though the rank would be closer to yours or else under, the sole comfort you took was that Kylo Ren would be present. Both of you did not say much else during the course of eating breakfast, and neither of you found any joy in the food. The caf was not too bad, you had to admit; you remembered the times that it had been burnt and sighed in contentment. You deposited your tray under his, the pair of you having risen from the table together, and followed the disguised Kylo Ren out of the cafeteria. Matt’s hands were nearly in fists at his side, though on occasion he remembered to relax them. You remained perfectly in line with regulations. Stiff in a way, yet not too stiff. Once or twice you had to quicken your pace to keep up with his much-longer strides. On the fourth time, he appeared to catch himself and slowed his pace. “Did it change who you were looking into?” you asked on one of the occasions that no one else was within listening range. Matt dipped his chin as a means of looking at you without fully turning his head. “It eliminated several individuals from the list.” You perked up at this. It was nice to know that your work had helped with the progress of the mission. Who knew a past mistake would actually benefit the whole First Order? Or, at the very least, part of it. “Both are officer promotions, though the one we are investigating together… It overlaps with some of the technicians.” “Uh…” You furrowed your brow, taking a moment to realize what he was saying. “Coordinators?” “Supervisors, yes.” Coordinators was an unofficial term that officers use to refer to those who interacted on a daily basis with several departments. In this case, the officer that would work on scheduling wherein officers and technicians would be in close quarters. If an officer needed a technician, this was the individual they would seek out. “Those up for the promotion would already be working closely with a number of technicians as a means of determining compatibility in the field.” “So we’re meeting with a group then?” “You and I have three individuals we will be investigating. Lieutenant Mitaka will look into individuals up for the other promotion, and from there we will eliminate more suspects while also seeing where they intersect.” An advantage to having the ever-socially awkward disguised Kylo Ren as your partner was that everyone too engrossed in observing him to notice that you were reading every slight alteration in their stances. One of the officers was too relaxed to be guilty—at least if anyone asked you. That, or he had gone to acting school in the past. The other two, meanwhile, shied away from some topics. One would stop speaking completely. The other attempted to change the subject. Especially when it came to past reprimands from superiors. “I had a whole collection of books taken away,” you piped up, not allowing the conversation to be steered away again. Officer Pohi stiffened, the man shooting you a scowl. Officer Gos, meanwhile, simply lifted his chin. As though this subject were beneath him. “I had not realized that they didn’t meet with the regs.” “Your mistake,” Officer Gos said, at last turning to you. Though you were of the same rank as him, he was acting like you were a cadet. You refrained from correcting him, the underlying shy nature that always lingered rearing its head. Matt, meanwhile, drew up to his full height. The three officers seemed to not have realized just how much the man had been slouching. Officer Gos, likewise, straightened. As though he was meeting some challenge, you thought. “Someone said you were sent to reconditioning after first being assigned here. Smuggled goods from a previous deployment.” The man’s face flushed a scarlet color that you attributed to shock, embarrassment, and rage. Officer Gos sputtered, no complete words flying from his lips for several seconds. “Lies!” “No.” Matt tilted his head back. Now Officer Gos was the one being inspected. “If that were the case, you would be more calm.” True, you thought. It was not as though the punishment was anything too severe. Officer Pohi remained quiet, allowing his fellow officer to receive the brunt of the verbal abuse. His hands were crossed behind his back, and he was watching the other man with vague interest. You lowered your gaze from him so as to not be caught staring. Officer Pohi was too calm, and that had your nerves on edge again. The group, thankfully, soon broke apart in order for each of you to continue on with your jobs for the day. You ‘escorted’ Matt to a new part of the Finalizer . Only then were you able to breathe a sigh of relief. “That guy…” “Pohi, correct?” You hummed your agreement. “Hmm… I am also suspicious of Gos.” “I was as well,” you admitted, turning around and allowing your eyes to dart about to ensure no one walked up on you. Ren’s lips quirked upwards. “I would sense them before anyone came close enough to hear.” The Force baffled you, and so you decided to take the man’s word for it. “We will wait until the lieutenant returns with his assessment…that may reveal which of them, if not both, are involved.” “What if it’s neither?” “That may well be,” your disguised superior conceded. “We shall soon see. Finish with today’s work… I have eyes on you; you needn’t worry. When the lieutenant is finished, I will send a summons… You will be escorted to me.” “Yes, sir.” Matt slunk away. You turned to watch him, marveling over how he was able to change the style of his walk in minute ways that truly made one second-guess whether or not it was actually Kylo Ren if ever suspicions arose. When he was out of sight, you left the area as well. Today your work would not be on the bridge, which was just as well for you. Less stress in other departments of the Finalizer . On the way, you bypassed Lieutenant Mitaka, whose gaze flitted to your face. Your cheeks were rather hot when, in your peripheral as you passed him, you caught sight of the way a small smile started to form on his face. That sight alone was enough to get you through the remainder of the working cycle with no worries interrupting you. True to his word, Kylo Ren had a stormtrooper escort you to his quarters. The ‘trooper left before you entered, and you again hoped that no rumors began to circulate. Noticing that Lieutenant Mitaka was present after you went inside, however, you doubted that any would. “There are three suspicious parties, though realistically I believe only one of them would be capable,” Lieutenant Mitaka said without further ado. “If I remember correctly, sir, Sergeant Vel was one of the few to be permitted access to the advanced courses in psychology. He had been previously assigned to one of our academies and was overlooking how best to train new officers.” “Yes,” Ren said. Now that he was out of disguise, the man appeared more at ease with himself. His air of superiority never fully faded, yet the guise of Matt did detract from how formidable he could be. “General Hux informed me of that as well. He was top on our list for suspects. Are you likewise familiar with Officers Pohi and Gos?” “I have worked alongside the both of them, sir.” Kylo Ren tilted his head. “Sergeant Vel has been near both of them frequently as well.” “Then we’ve narrowed it down to three.” You crossed your arms over your chest. Once more, your mind was in a whirl. Were all three guilty parties? Or only two of them? Perhaps just one? Again had progress been made on the mission, and yet there was still plenty of ground to cover. “Sergeant Vel would know what could be used to alter the behavior of those around him,” you muttered. Mitaka, whose body was already angled towards yours, shifted ever closer to you. You looked his way as you spoke. “If you mark my file as… Make it look like I’m up for promotion…” “The sergeant would see,” Dopheld continued. “It’s risky.” “She will be watched…” Kylo Ren lowered himself onto the edge of his bed. “Either they will attempt to alter her behavior to send her to reconditioning, or she may be pulled in as a sort of confidant. It will be done.” He waved the two of you away. Lieutenant Mitaka arrived at the door first, opened it, and waited for you to leave. He remained at your side while the two of you headed towards your quarters. You again appreciated that he was escorting you. “You do great work, (Y/n).” You blushed again at the use of your first name. “I’m almost surprised you aren’t eligible for promotion.” “Two more months and I can be…unless something drastic happens in the meanwhile.” “This m…” He trailed off, taking into account that others could hear you. Then, deciding that it did not reveal anything, truly, he continued: “This mission may just do that.” Praise from Mitaka was, in some way, better than praise from any of the triumvirate. Chapter 10 : Peer Pressure Peer Pressure A message from Mitaka was the first thing you were able to read in the morning. It confirmed that your file had been altered to include notations stating you were eligible for the promotion. It had information regarding your previous monitoring and contact with the technician ‘Matt’, which allowed for your superiors to see the benefits of promoting you. The second half of the message was slightly less professional. This was the portion that had you smiling despite the added pressure of your new part in the mission—even though you had been the one to suggest it. Dopheld had reiterated that he had permission to pursue a relationship with you so long as it did not interfere with your job or his. He had unofficially asked you on a date after the mission was over. The level of giddiness achieved had you leaping to your feet to dress. You would give Lieutenant Mitaka an answer in person. He deserved that; plus, you did not want your bosses seeing how you responded. They would know, of course, that you accepted the offer. That did not mean they were to be privy to your full response. Once efficiently prepared for the day and all it held, you exited your quarters. There was ample time to meet with the lieutenant before you had to commit yourself to fulfilling your duties, and so you did not worry about brisk-walking. That would garner too much attention at any rate; and the plan was for you to continue to blend in. No one spared you a second glance. This made you feel a little better, with your mouth in constant motion as you fought off a goofy grin of glee. Lieutenant Mitaka’s eyes were immediately drawn to you when you were within view. Your urge to have a bounce in your step only grew. He excused himself from the officers he had been speaking with, and the two of you walked to a more secluded section. “That…yes…” It was far less eloquent than what you had been practicing in your head, but it did the trick. The man you had admired for so long allowed a smile to grace his face. “I look forward to it.” He set a hand on your upper arm, concern erasing all evidence of mirth. “Pohi and Gos were also allowed to have courses in psychology… Nowhere near as in depth was Sergeant Vel, however… Be careful.” You nodded, your heart pounding in your chest. “But… Er…” “Your safety is still priority.” “Okay… I… I can do this.” “I believe that you can,” Lieutenant Mitaka said, and there was something in his voice that told you he truly believed this. It helped to calm you, if only a little. “Don’t over think it.” These final words you repeated as a mantra while walking through the halls. You wormed your way into a few conversations, lingering near where Pohi was working. He glanced at you more than once. You pretended to not notice the way his gaze swooped over your ass. When Officer Gos entered the room, he also allowed his eyes to wander about your body. They were both more confident with Matt not being present. Interesting. You had not bothered to ask about the genders of those sent to reconditioning; had one sex been more of a victim than the other? At least your superiors were watching out for you; maybe even through the Force in Kylo Ren’s case. Officer Gos paused close by. He set a hand on his hip and cocked his head to the side. You excused yourself from the conversation to walk up to him. “Ah, about yester—“ “It’s fine.” He did not sound the least bit bitter. Which meant either he had truly dismissed the incident or else was an excellent actor. “C’mon over here.” Your chest felt tight, however you kept yourself in check and obliged the man. He gestured to the chair that was between the one Pohi was already occupying and the one he took. Pohi leaned closer, the man setting his arm on the back of your chair. Gos also angled his body close to yours, the man digging in his pocket. He slipped a pocket watch onto your lap. “Imperial,” Pohi said, whispering as if you were involved in a conspiracy. Just might be. You ran your thumb along its surface. It seemed like the genuine article. And yet there was something that felt… wrong about it. You could not figure out what it was, or why you even felt this way. Perhaps it was simply because the two were under suspicion and you knew this. Dopheld’s words ran through your head again. Don’t over think it. As long as you had this item—if they did not take it back—it could help. That was what was important. “Where’d you get it?” you asked when it dawned on you that you had been quiet for too long. Gos set his hand on the other side of your chair. Both men now had you trapped in; you could not get up and leave even if you had wanted to—and a small part of you did want to. These men were acting far too suspicious for your liking. “Sergeant Vel gave it as a gift,” the man who had handed you the object said. Your gaze flickered over to his face before returning to the pocket watch. All three of them? But only one of these two can have the promotion…except that they can both reap some of the benefits together regardless….favoritism and all… “Why don’t you hold onto it for a bit…for luck.” You bobbed your head, nodding while attempting to discern why it was they would want you to keep it. Your mind ran through all the facts of your mission that you knew. Individuals sent to reconditioning. No toxins or anything that would suggest drugs. All behavior-related incidents. What did that entail, exactly? You knew this information was above your rank, else Kylo Ren would have shared it with you prior to sending you into this situation. “Thanks,” you murmured. You tucked it into your pants pocket, and then began to open up file on the console you were intended to work on. Charts for those working with technicians popped up. You started to scroll through the names, checking to see if there were any notations of complaints filed. If there were, your job was to forward these to the appropriate parties. Pohi and Gos were equally dedicated to their work. The three of you worked in silence, though you felt their gazes wandering about you several times. There were also instances where they would lean back, out of your line of vision. You imagined that they were having wordless conversations; perhaps an exchange of looks, or else mouthing sentences to one another. It was growing increasingly obvious to you that the three men were in cahoots. What the Imperial pocket watch had to do with that, you were uncertain. If it was the genuine article, however, it could go for a lot of money. Them handing it over to you was a gesture that was intended to gain your trust. You did not have the same background in psychological courses as they did, but that didn’t mean you were oblivious to certain actions and their intended meaning. You spent a generous amount of time watching people, which allowed you to be privy to certain behaviors. When the lunch shift came to take over, the two male officers were quick to draw up to your sides. You held back the urge to cringe. You were understanding more and more how this was intended to work. A gesture of good will would leave most individuals feeling rather indebted; behaviors would be altered to attempt to sway favor— Sergeant Vel . As for how that man was doing things, you were uncertain; but that wasn’t your problem nor your job. It really isn’t the watch that’s giving me this bad feeling…it’s them. You once more took Dopheld’s words to heart. If you started to over think anything, your facial expressions could potentially give you away. These men… Who knew how they would react? Violently possibly. You weren’t going to take any chances. “C’mon.” Pohi set his hand on your lower back, urging you to continue with them. You did not object verbally or physically. Allowing him to lead you made things easier. “Sergeant Vel sometimes shares some of the extra food he gets. Expensive chocolates.” “Yum,” you said, successfully faking enthusiasm. They were acting exactly in line with what you had been thinking. You hoped that your superiors were watching. All of the evidence they would need was coming up; of that you were absolutely certain.