Supernatural (No Pairing) "A Little Bit of Salt in My Coffee" It started with the looks. Subtle, they were at first, yes, but as time went on Crowley had noticed them more and more. The Demons still continued their work, wiling away cleaning the blood from the floors and the stomach content of prisoners from cells. Yet, often, as Crowley saw, their eyes would wander to their King, sat atop his hellish throne in a mightily un-kingly fashion, legs crossed, analyzing documents and handing them boredly back to his assistant when they did not catch his immediate interest. He'd even seen glares pointed in his general direction, of which he could usually care less. But, the part of him that nurtures (more like tries to strangle most of the time) the human instincts left over from the attempt to "cure" him have left him irrationally irritated at all the looks he's been suscepted to. He'd been close in the last few days, to whipping out his stolen angel blade and beheading a few mutinous demons. But, he had held back. Regretfully. Now, he finds himself stationed on his throne, left hand fingers tapping steadily upon the arm, while the right hangs tensely off the other side. He's definitely regretting not beheading those demons now. Somehow, some bloody how, one of those little blasphemous bastards has gone and mucked up his whole mouth. With his coffee. One of the few human pleasures he enjoys (mind you, his love of tea borders on obsessive, and half of his demons would be dead right now if they had messed with it instead), and his demons, no, Lucifer's demons, for he has no desire to call them his anymore, have gone and ruined it. The feeling of the roof of his mouth burning is not a pleasant experience, at all. And he has half a mind to send them to go pay an educational (by educational, he means excruciatingly unpleasant and torturous ) visit to the Winchesters. Let those traitors of demons see how it feels to be gutted and ripped apart for putting salt in their coffee. On the bright side, which he rarely ever dirties his mind with, he has some new torture techniques he came up with that he's been meaning to test out, and a few dozen not-so-willing victims that need to be tenderly punished. Yes, this should be quite fun. Notes: This Drabble is based before Lucifer took Cas as a vessel and escaped from the cage. Also based before Rowena came into the picture, so basically anywhere before season ten. If you guys want me to write something, just send me a message! I'm very willing and I'll try my best! Just send me: -Fandom -Pairing (if you want one) -Prompt you want me to write -if you want to be mentioned as requesting the prompt -title of prompt Thank you! Reviews are always welcome! No need to beat around the bush with things either, guys, I can take whatever you can dish, and I'll do my best to improve on it.