Takodana is such a lovely place , you muse to yourself, tracing your finger over the rough bark of a massive tree as you calmly wade through the verdant undergrowth of the forest. You've lived here for the last three years, mostly in your small hut in the woods, sometimes venturing to visit Maz and your other acquaintances. But you loved the forest. It's quiet, the twists and turns of the leaves and vines, especially the small lake you found when you first arrived on the planet. Hmm... A swim doesn't sound so bad right now. You smile as your pace quickens, your feet leading you to the quiet, still waters deep within the forest. As soon as you arrive, you know something is different. You feel like you're being... Watched. Checking the clearing around the lake several times, you venture towards the edge of the water, your fears dissipating as you slip your toes into the tepid waters. Looking around again, you slip out of your clothes, piling your loose shirt on top of your trousers, and using a pin to hold your hair up. As you step back to the edge of the lake, you feel that strange presence again, your arms coming up to cover your breasts as you scan the opposite shore. A sharp, crackling hiss comes to life near your ear. You try to turn, but find yourself frozen in place. As you struggle against the invisible hold, your head turns toward a noise to your side. Your breath catches as a tall figure, covered from head to toe in thick, black robes comes into your line of sight. Your gaze snaps to the soulless mask covering your captor's face, small glints of light flickering off the chrome designs. You stare in silence as the man circles you, a raging, bright red lightsaber in his hand. Your insides twist as he idly swirls the blade around your figure, your skin feeling the heat of the saber occasionally as he makes several passes around you, coming to a halt in front of you. "Who are you?" The gravely, mechanical voice demands, the pure lack of feeling sending shivers up and down your frame. Your mouth gapes open a few times before you stutter out your name, your eyes watering as you realize the situation that you're in. "Why are you here?" he requests, his free hand coming up. You suddenly feel a pressure inside your skull, like your mind is being searched through, your memories invaded. "Ah... You left mommy and daddy to become a pilot for the Resistance..." A soft, wicked chuckle comes from the masked man "Too bad your skills aren't what they wanted. So you came here to hide your shame." Your gasp of surprise is cut off as his fingers clench, the invisible hold around you tightening, beginning to turn you slowly. You feel your feet drag along the ground as you spin in place, eventually rotating back into view of the black clad stranger. You whimper as you try to look away, tears beginning to sting your eyes as you whimper sadly. "Please... Let me go..." You beg, softly, wishing deep down that you had never wanted to swim today. A mechanical laugh echoes around you as you feel yourself being lifted, rearranged to pose on the nearly silent beach, your cheek pressed into the gravel around the lake as your hips are made to lift up. "You honestly think I'd pass up this opportunity?" You twitch slightly against the unseen bonds as the man slams the lightsaber into the ground next you. Keeping you pinned to the ground, he comes around, squatting down to where you can see him. "You don't know, do you?" The masked face tilts to the side quizzically. "I'm Kylo Ren. And you are now my captive." You stiffen, your eyes going wide. Kylo Ren reaches one black gloved hand out to trail his fingertips over the curves of your upturned bottom. "Normally, I just take what I want from my prisoners." A sob escapes your lips as Ren slips his fingers down around your thigh, the cool leather scraping at your delicate skin. He leans closer to you, chuckling softly through the voice filter. "This is no different. Except... I might not kill you." A low whine of distress crawls from your throat as you begin to struggle against the force holding you. "P-please, let me go. I.. I'm nothing to you." You yelp and wince as Ren raises his hand, bringing it down to slap roughly across your backside, the seams of his leather gloves leaving burning lines along your skin. "Oh, no, sweetling. You are something to me. You're MINE now." he growls through his mask, his fingers gripping brutally at you. He reaches with his free hand to turn your face as he shifts slightly. "Do you see what you've done to me?" Your eyes travel down from the glinting mask, past the midnight black armor covering his chest, to land on the painfully obvious, and large, bulge nestled between his legs. Your gaze snaps back up to his helmet, a glimmer of defiance growing in your eyes. "You're a monster." you spit, continuing to struggle against his hold on you. His hand comes up, his fingers making a squeezing motion. You cry out in vain as you feel your throat tighten, your air being cut off. "Hmm... Bad move, sweetling." he states, moving his hand from your ass to begin working at the belt hidden under his thick robes as he slides behind you. Hearing him rustle behind you, you whimper, your breath still being somewhat cut off by an invisible hand. Your eyes go wide as Ren pushes up against you, his thick, hard member rubbing against the back of your thigh. "Shhh, now, sweetling. This won't hurt..." you flinch as he pats your bottom almost reassuringly, your hips trying to pull away from his as you feel the blunt head of his cock begin to press against your virgin sex. Seeing you writhe in your bonds only makes Kylo Ren more excited, the end of his length pushing more insistently against your unused passage. As he begins to push into your body, he releases his grip on your throat. You draw a quick breath as you feel him tearing your insides with his thick, throbbing shaft. He pauses, the tip of his dick butting up against the evidence of your virginity. He chuckles sadistically, his hand running down your spine to grip your hips harshly. "I was wrong. This WILL probably hurt." With that, he plows into you, tearing through any barriers as he plunges his member deep into you. Your scream of pain and humiliation fills the glade as he begins to thrust unkindly in and out of your abused body, your blood slick on his cock, dripping down your inner thighs. As you sob under him, Ren begins to set a steady, but brutal, pace. As your vagina becomes more accustomed to his girth, his movements become a bit harder. Eventually, he releases his hold on your body, pinning you down with one hand, grinding your cheek into the dirt as he fucks you from behind. Sobbing with hatred and embarrassment, your cheeks flush, your core tightening as Kylo reaches his other hand down, pressing his fingers against your clit, rubbing it in rough, quick circles as he continues to drive into your pained passage. You whine desperately as his fingers work your sensitive nub, your passage clenching around his length as your body betrays you, making it feel... Good. "Good girl..." he mutters, his words coming out tersely as his speed increases, his thighs slapping against the backs of yours. His hand slides up more to grip your shoulder, pulling you back into each of his thrusts, his cock hitting deeper and deeper inside of you. Your moans of pain slowly become moans of pleasure, your hands gripping at the ground around you as you try and will this away, your hips beginning to move back to his as your passage greedily consumes his shaft. He continues violently taking you, his muffled breath becoming ragged behind his mask. You begin writhing under him, your hips grinding back insistently as you feel a tightness in your belly, a pressure forming just begin your navel. You hear Ren grunt behind you, a gasping moan as he begins to climax, filling your womb with his thick, hot cum. His fingers move almost fervently against your clit, working to draw out your pleasure. "Come for me, sweetling." he rasps, keeping his hips pushed tight to yours. At his command, you arch back, swearing to the heavens as wave after wave of shameful pleasure floats through you, your juices dribbling down your leg, a thick mix of cum and blood. With heaving breaths, you collapse on the ground in front of you, tears rolling down your cheeks. Patting your behind affectionately, Kylo Ren pulls his rapidly softening length from you, wiping your mingled fluids off on the back of your leg. "You will be of use to me, pet." He stands, tucking himself back into his pants, looming over you imposingly. "Get up." he demands. You try twice, unable to find strength in your legs. You wince as he takes a step forward, extending his arm out and lifting you to your feet. "I said GET UP." You sob as you stand shakily, your hands limp at your sides. Using his Force, Kylo starts you walking toward your clothing. "Get dressed." he commands. You nod as you aimlessly stumble to your clothes, dragging them on reluctantly as you silently cry. As you finish slipping your shirt over your head, you hear a splashing noise behind you. You turn to see Ren dipping his gloved hands into the lake, red tinted water sliding off the leather covering his fingers. This is your chance , you think, taking a silent step back. Keeping your eyes locked on the man by the lake, you begin to run backwards, turning quickly, sprinting painfully toward the tree line. A thrill of hope flutters through your mind as you close the gap between you and the forest, the idea of simply getting away spurring your feet on. Just as your feet hit the loamy edge of the woods, you are stopped in your tracks. Screaming with fear and frustration, you hang frozen, midair. The soft crunch of Kylo Ren's boots fades into your hearing as he comes up behind you, effortlessly holding you with the Force. "Good try," he says, coming to stand in front of you. He stares for a moment before nonchalantly backhanding you. You cry out in pain, though the slap was barely hard enough to bruise your cheek. You pull your gaze to the man as best you can, looking up at him with tear stained eyes. No sympathy comes from the man; he just stands there and watches as you slump against the forces holding you, your shoulders shaking as your spirit breaks. "I... I'm sorry... Sir." you mutter dejectedly. "Good," he says, letting loose your bonds, allowing you to right yourself. "You WON'T try it again, understood?" He waits for your nod before stepping closer. He waves his hand near your temple, and the last thing you see is that sinister chrome and black mask, staring blankly at you as you slump into his arms. You don't feel as he tenderly strokes his gloved fingers over your cheek, or when he hefts you up, taking you through the forest to his Command Shuttle, placing you securely in a seat as he prepares for takeoff. As he throttles out of Takodana's atmosphere, he looks back at you, a smile ghosting across his hidden lips. This one will be more obedient than the last , he muses to himself as he sets his course for the Starkiller Base. Unknown to you, he watches you sleep, thinking to himself, Takodana is such a lovely place. Notes: ... Yes, I'm sick and twisted... Odd how having a weird and grumpy day leads to me scrawling this out. Big shout out to my muse, Mr. J. I'll get back to work on the second chapter of A Piece of the Force now...