The first indication they have that nothing is going according to plan is the shrill screaming of the hyperspace sensors announcing a massive fleet approaching the First Order's base. Everyone in the Resistance's headquarters seems to freeze, staring at the blood-red holo. A comm beeps, almost unheard, but General Organa slams her hand down on the button. A togruta, her montrals arching outwards and forwards, with long lekku wrapped around her thin shoulders, lounges in a golden throne. Her angular face is weathered, and scars decorate her bare arms, while a deep scar cleaves through the left side of her face, a cybernetic eye whirring in the ruined socket. She stares at the General, tilting her head as she studies the younger woman, and drawls, "I am the Immortal Empress of Zakuul, the Eternal Empire." She smiles to herself, her glimmering with amusement. "An inherited title, I preferred my old one." She shifts, and clears her throat, the amusement in her eyes dies, strangled by something far Darker. "The enemy of my enemy, General Organa. I want Snoke annihilated. My Eternal Fleets will take care of Starkiller Base, but I do not have the influence in your part of the galaxy to seek his fortress." "How do we know you won't turn on us?" General Organa's eyes are durasteel and wary, her posture rigid. The world slows down around them, the two leaders in a world of their own. The Empress smiles. "You don't of course. I was raised a Sith, and treachery is our endless game. But I trained Snoke, and exiled him when he sought to steal my throne. I know him best." She stands, and bares fangs, and in the space a tangible sense of an ancient hatred whispers in ancient tongues, the air seems to burn and freeze, and lights dim as Darkness claws through the room. "I claim the right to put my blade through his blackened heart, General. These are my sins, and I will do what I must." She gestures at her own technician to silence her comm line and sits back down in her throne, unchanged after all these millennia, her regret and frustration around her. The Eternal Fleet drops out of hyperspace, cannons firing on the First Order's star destroyers as soon as the enter firing range, the blue bolts of plasma slamming into shields and armor. Torpedoes are launched, streaking towards the Ascendant and the Assurance , detonating their ion reactors, and ripping them to ash and shards, bodies ripped apart by the vacuum of space. The Judgement limps towards them, escape pods firing as she sends all power to her forward cannons, leading the wounded Devastation and Victorious towards Fleet Unit 7567. A talented gunner on the Devastation sends a bolt of plasma streaking towards 7567's engines, and the resulting blast rips through Fleet Units 2517 and 8954. But The Eternal Fleet closes ranks, and the trio of destroyers shudder and shatter under a hail of plasma. Nearby, the Adjudicator's fresh coat of paint has been blackened, and her shield flicker and fail, leaving her vulnerable to a broadside that takes out her command deck. Her guns fire one last salvo as her navigation goes haywire, and she careens towards the Valiant , who's captain orders evasive maneuvers just in time to avoid the Adjudicator's flight path. Off the starboard side of the Valiant , Vengeance turns her port cannons on Unit 4512, crippling the cruiser that destroyed her sister. The Valiant switches targets, her own salvo finishing the Fleet cruiser. A dozen Zakuul cruisers break ranks, all cannons focusing on the Valiant and the Vengeance , and slowly their shields fall and the cannons of the Fleet pierce their armor. The First Order's fleets fall, ship by ship, outnumbered and outgunned, many of them captured, and sent back to Zakuul, their controls overridden by the Fleets's cyber-warfare suites. As one, the Fleet turns towards the icy planet, launching bombers and fighters. The sleek fighters fall in with the Resistance's own X-Wings, plowing through the TIE's while bombers hit everything they can. The shields around the thermal oscillator hold against the combined assault, and the Fleet's starcraft begin to retreat as the cruisers begin an orbital bombardment. The Immortal Empress sits in her throne, a furrow carving itself into her brow. Her hands fly as she maneuvers the Fleet, trying to overload the shields.Her hands slow, unable to find the shield weakness, and she scowls, eyes narrowed in frustration. Should Starkiller Base survive the assault, Zakuul is next. Snoke would rather see the Eternal Empire destroyed then under someone else's reign. Suddenly, the shields flicker, and the oscillator's side shudders and explodes. A resistance fighter spins, and slips inside the gap, Zakuul's own fighters too large for such a ploy. She sends orders to the Fleet to retreat. Until Snoke is found, the Eternal Fleet won't return to known space. "General Organa, the unknown fleets have disappeared into the Unknown regions. We were unable to track them," the technician calls out. Organa nods, turning back to watch the hyperspace trajectory of her returning fighters. "They'll be back." She nods to herself, a gentle murmur slipping from her lips. "And we'll be ready." Notes: Present tense is hard. Writing is also hard. Space battles are easy to write though? Criticism would be much appreciated, as I'd like to grow as a writer. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the Immortal Inquisitor AUs series