Before him now, a secluded yet thriving house; moderately sized, monochromatic colour scheme, and the exceptionally vaulted roof characteristic of nuclear, mid-century homes that had very recently begun to come back into style. Hux appreciated the contrast between it and its neighbours - sprawling, Baroque and Mediterranean-styled monuments to classless wealth, absolutely suffocating the hills with their pretentious brand of conventionalism. He was silent for a rare moment, taking in the exterior of the home as if evaluating whether it was worthy of his presence. Seemingly unimpressed yet tolerant, Hux pushed his tortoise-shell sunglasses down the bridge of his nose, glancing over to the figure in the driver’s seat. “Really now. A house party?” This wasn’t exactly what he was anticipating, and it showed in his attire- a patterned silk button down and fitted blazer. Considering Ren was so far removed from being the sit-down and make-nice type, the natural assumption when he was invited out, was that Ren meant “out” out. With the lifespan and turnover rate of clubs in L.A. being what they were, there was never a real lack of new places to go - and there was nothing the pair liked more than something new . “It’s not a house party. Not really ,” he was assured through Ren’s impatient half-smile, “You’ll see. It’s worth it.” After squaring everything away with the valet– the very border of haute bourgeois for such a gathering but a standard nonetheless within the zip code – the two approached the doorway. The enduring echoes of overlapping voices, soft crackling music, and billowing laughter filled the front yard. Hux, as he moved behind Ren’s characteristic stomp, was careful to avoid the shallow puddles which peppered the course, to maintain the integrity of his leather boots. Tracking dirt and grime through anyone’s home would be indecorous, after all, and although Hux had been accused of being many, many things, rude was never one of them. “So, do they do?” Hux began, patting his pockets down to check if his phone was there, not all that invested in the question– or answer, in association. Instead, his attention was dominated by his internal critique of the house exterior - white orchids, swaying, bordered the maintained path leading to the entrance. It merited a careful eye roll. Of course, that was the thing now wasn't it? Hux had counted at least a half a dozen homes on this street alone that featured them as the centrepiece of their landscaping. It hardly required- The haughty train of thought crashed, exploded in a fiery orange flash; Indian marigolds, startling and vibrant and all in full, perfect bloom. Seeing them, as he was in the dying light of the day, he could recall the belief that they invoked psychic visions and thought it almost plausible from their startling appearance. It could have been worse. Not that it was nice, just as the observer, it was an interesting marriage to have the two occupy the same space, the dull, calming nature of the orchids, offset by the vivacity of the marigolds… Ren, anticipating a reaction, finally supplied, with a swivel of his head, “He’s an artist.” Facetious, slicking a hand through his titian hair, “Of course he is. Who isn’t? I suppose he’s also an entrepreneur… Go on Ren, shock me.” Once inside, Ren slipped his trenchcoat off shoulder by shoulder as their names were collected and permission was granted for further entry into the accumulation of bodies. (The below to be read to by this .) Met with the distinct, rich scent of ouhd wood and amber, his nostrils flared at the mélange. Warmth, prickling the back of his nose, the scent accompanying him as he followed his friend through into another room. The house’s older appearance had been respected throughout the interior, to an almost annoying degree. Modular sofas in oranges– orange this, orange that. Frustrating detail, in each knick-knack along the full bookshelves, full of greek mythology to mechanics and maintenance of fighter jets. He assumed this artist would think himself an intellectual. Pictures of blueprints and Lichtenstein’s work hung neatly in “the right” frames. Even the drapes. The drapes were something that Hux himself would have picked. And this said nothing for the company, resembling no likeness to Ren and his tragic attachment to leather and metal. How were these his people? They resembled department store mannequins, all moving about with fluidity and felicitousness. “What’s this guy’s name and how much does he love himself?” Asking as he indiscriminately picked a drink off a tray from a server walking by. There was no use in pretending he hadn’t said it, even when faced with Ren’s freckled advocacy. “Poe. Poe Dameron. He’s a people person.” Fixing the sleeve of his blazer, though it hardly needed attention - as if he would wear anything other than a perfectly bespoke suit - Hux seethed as if he had made a joke, “You’re reaching, Ren.” “He’s good. Not because he wants you to like him but because he doesn’t care if you do. No bullshit.” “Really.” A lesser man would have snorted carelessly, but he settled for turning his head oh-so-slightly to the left, and down, smirking as though sharing a private joke with himself. “Yes, really. No bullshit,” a new voice declared, prompting Hux to pull his gaze back up - though only slightly - to see a smaller, less imposing man sidling up beside Ren. He dressed modestly, though it was quite obvious that each item had been selected with the utmost care, which carried on into his grooming habits as well. He was exceptionally shaven, long coal-coloured eyelashes, perfectly curled and perfectly paralleled with his soft, lazily-styled locks, contrasted by a blindingly white smile. Despite his lack of imposition, his very aura commanded a certain amount of attention - this was the man of the hour, after all. Ren flinched at the artist’s sudden arrival, before relaxing and turning to shake his hand. Trying to keep his perplexity from surfacing (Ren shook hands, like a civilized person?) Hux mirrored his friend, holding a hand out for a shake in equal measure. And then there were drinks. And more drinks. And laughter. And introductions. Jess, Snap, Ello, Nien. All artists of a similar circle, he was told. Poe, it seemed, was no amateur at hosting such events, seamlessly integrating his guests into the conversation, no matter the topic. Naturally the subject of muses came up– “ So what gives you inspiration? ”– and Poe had beckoned Jess to find his special vodka. It didn’t look much like vodka, with it’s cloudiness, nor taste like it, almost nutty on the palate and slightly less smooth, but each of the artists, Ren and Hux included, took their shots and set the glasses down with impromptu uniform. Poe, clapping his hands together, said with an arched brow, “Liquid Creativity (his own name for the concoction) gets me everytime... now the party has really started.” Ren looked to Hux for approval. Unknown to the look, Hux was suddenly fascinated by his own hands as his depth perception began falling apart. His lips curved into a smooth convex at the sensation that grew, the promise of euphoria in his bones. Whatever Dameron had offered was just what he needed. Then the hallucinogens fully kicked in. And the walls- they danced. And oh , how they danced - moving and cresting and rippling in waves, stretched into new lines, each clear than the last. The room expanded, contracted, bumped and bounced in perfect concert with the ethereal, trance-like soundtrack Poe had chosen. The man himself, laughing, patting his hands down onto Hux's narrow shoulders, steered him through the congested hallway and up a flight of stairs. “You have to come and see this.” Ren followed after, holding the banister as he did to make sure it was still there and not slipping out of his hand as it appeared to be. They stopped before a door, a normal looking door - painted white wood, standard brass-brushed handle, completely unremarkable in any way. In fact, if Poe hadn't stopped him, Hux most likely would've walked past it without so much as a second thought. Turning the handle slowly, as if a big reveal, there was nothing of significance in the space but a lonely skylight, which collected moonlight to a pool along the floor. “Look,” flicking a switch, Poe commanded the room only change hue, from an almost black to deep, pulsing, vibrant violet. It was brilliant. Poe’s smile lit up, a stunning, glowing cheshire grin. Damn brilliant. There were canvases stretched on the walls, white too, yet glowing a certain shade of heliotrope under the influence of the black lights. Approaching them gingerly, Hux pressed his hand and then the slight of his cheek against them. “Are these sheets?” He laughed a little, then a lot more. Poe, only an outline, crossed the room to a cabinet, hidden from sight and only known to him because of the familiarity of the room and it’s contents. There was metallic clinking, followed by popping sounds. Paint, divine and illuminated, spilling neatly into trays. Both Hux and Ren watched, completely fascinated by each separate hue as if it they were experiencing colour for the first time, over and over again. Poe, bringing the trays over, neatly lined them up on the ground before them, “Alright boys, roll your sleeves up.” Ren, already ahead, his skin harboring a phantom glow at his pallor and ready. Hux lagged behind, with gentle spurts of laughter. It was so unlike him, but even that was uncertain. Who was he anyway? More laughter, trapped in the cavity of his chest, birthing shivers. He said nothing, his mouth felt dry but all physical unpleasantness was replaced by synthetic psychological bliss. Demonstrating, Poe dipped his hand into the fluorescent orange and pressed his palm to the canvassed wall, smearing it diagonally. A trail of light; a path to places unknown, uneven and incomplete. Abstract and incoherent, yes, but in their trance, it seemed like the only logical thing to do. Just fucking brilliant. He felt a tickle all down his spine, the music from downstairs perfectly filtered into this room as well. With a graceful sway of his body, and paint-covered tremoring hands, he created new lines, more and more. Lines upon lines. His undisciplined movements, experimental and jagged, fascination playing at the speed of which he painted at. Ren moved alongside with identical sophomoric agency, except with less consideration for space and moving in great verticals to take advantage of his height. Poe was broken in, choreographed and a veteran in comparison. He was the master, and lead by example, though imposed no demand for perfection. All around him, the hands of the other artists now joining in, creating in the same sprightliness. Everyone moving separately, adding to the mural but sharing a similar trip. A veritable orgy of movement and sound and colour, all adding to the magnanimity of the art itself, living, moving, breathing on the walls. Ren was right - Poe Dameron was absolutely fucking brilliant.