In the wake of Kylo’s absence there was no gnawing pit of separation, but there was a certain pang of loneliness. There was a pointed emptiness beside Hux’s body at night, a stagnant quietness in his mind—no warmth, no light, no Kylo . In the short amount of time in which the General and Kylo’s relationship had changed, the assumed course of their emotions veering dramatically to the side, Hux hadn’t prepared for feeling so… unseated. To combat his useless frustration, Hux toiled in his spine-bending work, fingers flittering mechanically over his sleek datapad and watching imperiously over the ship’s bridge. His bones moved with the action of a machine, driven by clinical determination rather than any base form of passion, kind or otherwise. He was a tireless cog of the First Order, and he wasn’t raised by the commandeering back of his father’s pale hand to foolishly pine for someone he barely knew. Although he couldn’t restrain the sudden build of giddy— giddy , Hux hissed acerbically at the word—anticipation that followed the news that Kylo would return in under a week. His most recent memory of Kylo that didn’t involve his bare shoulders and the curling corner of his mouth was brusque and unresolved. Hux had stood on the overhead platform, watching as Kylo awaited to board his shuttle in the hangar below. Phasma stood guard at his shoulder, a reliable figure of polished metal and unerring loyalty. Hux knew he should’ve left after he’d monitored the influx of construction materials in the cargo bay, lingering close to the hangar, ignoring how his prolonged presence bred discomfort amongst the surrounding men. And then Kylo had stilled, a lone, black form amidst the expansive, empty hangar. Hux felt that familiar brush of warmth and comfort, that unseen promise to protect what small humanity they still gripped onto, hopelessly grounded to. Hux relaxed his stance, ease replacing an astringent control, a soft exhale uttered in the cacophonous din. Wait , Hux had said. I will . When Kylo had dared to look back to the elevated platform Hux had already turned on his heel, striding away, the distance between them growing with every passing second. Kylo swallowed thickly, glad his all-black ensemble acted as an ominous mask of calm. He wished he could remain here, with Hux. He wished he could spend the day lazing in his— their —bed and find every point which made Hux tremble and gasp in the cage of his arms. But he forced the provocative images from him mind one final time before stepping aboard his shuttle, calling for the door to shut behind him, and sliding into the pilot’s seat. The silence had returned, and the cold. Hux’s hands were held in a tight clasp behind his back after he crossed the threshold outside of the hangar. He didn’t let his step falter, or his grip loosen—he couldn’t let anyone see him waver. It had been an untold number of weeks since Kylo had left, with no updated status on his whereabouts or wellbeing. Hux couldn’t ask Snoke, or even think about anything vaguely lanky or dark-haired in his company, but he slyly ask Phasma to track Kylo’s shuttle trajectory. It was a lost cause, doomed from the start—Kylo’s shuttle had entered uncharted territory into a vast, blankness of space. The signal had faded into oblivion. And so when Hux received a short pre-recorded transmission from Kylo— returning in six days, near Naboo’s western quadrant —he’d stifled something dangerously alike to a smile. If he and Phasma had mulled over a few more celebratory drinks that night, she might have clapped Hux’s shoulder, or even raised her glass in good-natured cheer. But he should’ve predicated Kylo’s training to be merciless. He should’ve expected Kylo to stride confidently down the loading ramp with a detached aloofness, brushing past Hux without even a wayward glance. Hux should have prepared himself for the inevitable, devastating end to whatever stolen moments he’d shared with Kylo. It was but a dream—he knew that now. Hux blinked slowly as the elevator doors opened with a mechanic hiss, returning to the current reality. It was late, and the endless corridors were silent save for scattered patrols of faceless soldiers. The General had fallen headfirst into tedious work, his vision blurring the multiple lights on the ship’s bridge and the lines of printed text and numbers. He barely acknowledged the impact of when he collided with a passer-by, looking sharply at the offending person. He didn’t expect Kylo Ren to stare back at him through the dark void of his helmet. “Excuse me, Ren,” Hux ground out, clipped and detached. An officer’s air of superiority. He moved to walk past Kylo, head raised as their shoulders grazed, the atmosphere still and fragile with a thousand unspoken confessions. Almost with delayed movement, Kylo caught his arm, holding Hux in place. “Let me go,” Hux warned with a deliberate slowness, his stance rigid. “Hux.” No reply—and then, quieter, in his mind: Hux . I need you. Hux repressed his answering bite of rash anger and betrayal, forcing himself to tell Kylo to follow him. This—whatever it was—couldn’t end here, in a hallway that looked so much like all the others, without even being able to properly look at the masked Sith apprentice. Kylo maintained a pointed berth between him and Hux throughout their strained trek to Hux’s quarters. He thought Kylo would refuse to continue this at one point, but he remained silent, only the measured rise and fall of his chest revealing that there was in fact a person beneath his shadowy armour. Hux unlocked his door by entering a practised sequence of numbers into the identification pad, his shoulders locked together, near breaking when Kylo brushed past him in his haste to move inside. The General blinked in confusion as he watched Kylo shed his helmet, frantically casting aside his cloak and gloves as he came to sit heavily on Hux’s bed, his face hidden by his large hands. “Ren?” He remained unmoving, uncharacteristically quiet and controlled. It was unnerving. Hux sighed, stripping his long coat before striding into the adjoining kitchenette. He had hardly even noticed what he was making until he was pressing the mug into Kylo’s hand, folding his fingers over the stark, white ceramic edge. Kylo didn’t rouse from his depressed stupor, but his dangerously loose hold did tighten around the drink. Gritting his teeth, torn between cuffing Kylo’s ear and drawing him impossibly close, Hux instead dropped to his knees before the young Lord. Beneath his unruly black curls, Kylo blinked. Stunned by the sight of Hux kneeling at his feet, shoulders bared and mouth parted, his red hair shining too brightly under the auxiliary lights. He jerked as the General’s fingers closed over his knee, the other curving to the shape of his black-clad thigh. “Kylo,” Hux whispered quietly, like a question. He moved, feeling the startlingly cold surface of Kylo’s porcelain cheek beneath his fingertips. Hux frowned, growing pensive under the weighty knowledge that Kylo’s perpetually sickly pallor matched the unnaturally cool outward temperature of his body. It scared Hux that sometimes Kylo seemed so breakable—threatening to burst under the strain of his raw, uncontrollable power, weakened by his father’s death and his mother’s pain, and twisted by Snoke’s cruel manipulation. Kylo gasped aloud, causing Hux to draw back a fraction, concerned. He had forgotten that Kylo was privy to his thoughts, to all his fears and hopes and desires. Hux had forgotten that he’d revealed his truest, most innermost self to him. “I’m not…” Kylo trailed off, lips wet with the anxious movements of his tongue. “I’m not weak.” “I never said—” “You did,” Kylo countered harshly, warning Hux not to lie to him. Never to lie to him. “You shouldn’t torture yourself—” “But I deserve it!” Kylo’s voice was loud, dangerous, a steady build of charging energy. “I was meant to change during training, I was meant to become stronger! I know what I have to do but I can’t, I was meant to thrust my lightsaber through his chest and in that moment I hated him, I hated him so much but I—but I—” A stuttering breath, a watery intake of breath. “I loved him more, I still love him.” Hux waited, not even daring to reach for Kylo, to move any closer to him. “I love them, but—” Kylo was heaving shuddering breaths now, like a vicious, desperate animal pushed to the brink. Fighting. “I hate my father for not telling me to come home sooner, and I hate my mother for not protecting me, and I hate my uncle for not curbing my power,” he rambled, his words a slurred fury. “And Snoke uses that, he uses me , but I’m still weak. I’m weak because of you, I still feel the light because I can’t sleep without remembering what it was like to feel warm, to feel your lips against mine, to abandon everything I know and take you and run .” “Kylo—” “Don’t call me that!” A wave of violent energy threw Hux backwards, sprawled out on the polished, gleaming floor of his quarters. Hux’s chest was bruised, soft and blemished like the flesh of a rotten fruit from a planet he would never visit. His elbows ached with the impact of abused bones, the General’s skin a vivid purple splattered across a pale canvas. He didn’t see Kylo jolt to a physical standstill, eyes wide and terrified as he dared to look up from his lap. “Hux, please, Hux —” Kylo was already saying, pleading, devoid of all prior anger. “I didn’t mean to, I didn’t want to hurt you, no, no, no —” He collapsed onto his knees and reached for Hux— A sharp slap as Hux batted his hand away with a fiery scowl. “Don’t fucking touch me.” The distance between them was painful, the silence heavy. Kylo’s sanity was rapidly unravelling, a mess of wild hair and wilder eyes, his insides torn apart. He couldn’t stop looking at Hux, rooted to the ground by his sheer force of his hatred—but it wasn’t directed at the General, instead it was self-inflicted. “Hux,” Kylo whispered. “Please.” Hux closed his eyes tightly, looking away from Kylo. Hux’s bruises were already an ugly wound, borne of rage and betrayal. Kylo had never seem the General reduced to such a pitiful state. He was battered and defeated. Weak. No longer meticulously arranged to appear perfectly composed, no longer a gleaming and efficient cog of the galactic military machine. “I didn’t mean to—” “But you did,” Hux spat, raising his gaze to meet Kylo’s flinching, guilt-ridden eyes. “You did, Ren.” “Don’t call me that.” It was loud now, but small and childish. “You told me not to call you Kylo.” Kylo’s hands fisted over the ice-like floor. If he moved forward he would be able to touch Hux’s outstretched ankle, gripping the fabric of his pants. But he didn’t—because Hux would’ve have made him leave then, he would’ve lost Hux forever then. The young Lord knew Hux wouldn’t listen to his apologies, so he opted for another tactic. “I spent every night thinking of you,” he admitted, inhaling shakily at Hux’s lack of reaction. “Hux, you don’t understand that I can’t sleep without imagining the way your face looks, the colour of your eyes, the warmth of your skin.” A beat, and then, cruelly: “This isn’t fucking poetry, Ren.” Kylo blinked once, hurt. “I never wanted to leave, I almost didn’t. I wanted to stay and eat bland oatmeal with you, I just—I never wanted that morning to end.” Hux’s fingers grazed the ink-dark marking on his shoulder, refusing to look at Kylo. “I never want this to end.” Hux’s hands were still, frozen in place. “I never want to leave you.” The bruising that stretched along Hux’s collarbone seemed to contradict Kylo’s statement, the vivid colour almost condemning him. But Hux hadn’t moved to distance himself further from Kylo, or had he explicitly told him to leave. And Kylo wasn’t ready to abandon the one good thing that still bound him to that feeble call from the light. Kylo tried to control his breathing. “Just look at me,” he whispered. Hux’s mouth was a thin, strained line. “Hux, please, just look at me,” Kylo leaned forward on his knees, balancing on the precipice. Ready to fall, and break, at first notice—if only Hux would look at him. “That’s all I need. Just look at me once and I’ll be satisfied. That’s it.” “You’re going to destroy me, aren’t you?” Hux asked, his voice flat, defeated. Kylo flinched as if he’d been struck, although his skin remained unblemished. “I don’t understand why I can’t see a future that doesn’t include you. I don’t understand why I don’t want a future without you. Because you’re everything I despise—impulsive, unrefined, chaotic—and yet…” A deep, shuddering breath. “And yet that one night I spent with you is the only happy memory of my life I can recall.” Shaking with unrestrained need to stretch forward and touch Hux, feel the shape of his bones and the warmth of his kiss, Kylo waited. He knew Hux was infinitely more patient than him, more collected, and if time was all the General needed then Kylo would give him that. And Hux focused on controlling the pace of his breathing, looking down although his vision was a haze of blurred tears. He berated himself for failing now, after the pain and anguish of every trial and tribulation he’d been forced to endure—because it had been Kylo who’d broken him. His end wasn’t met through the scope of a rebel blaster, or a traitorous ploy of ambitious rivals, it was his bedmate—barely even a man, with trembling kisses and large hands. It was his promise of something more that had destroyed him. “What if we ran away?” Kylo said without thought, without reason. His wavering words were laced by a tenuous optimism; an emotion he scarcely acknowledged. Hux humoured him, gaze downcast. “Where?” “Anywhere.” Hux snorted bluntly, finally raising his head to find Kylo’s expectant and wet eyes. He realised his mistake too late. He’d already kindled that small flickering flame of hope instead of snuffing it, that Kylo probably wouldn’t leave his room until Hux’s wounds—physical or otherwise—were healed. “And would you leave? Would you so readily abandon everything you’ve worked for?” Hux pressed. He was mistrustful of the young Lord, even if he was within a short arm’s reach, anticipating the moment where Hux would finally relent and allow him to enter his personal space once again. “Kylo has nothing left to lay claim to…” Kylo ensured that he held Hux’s transfixed gaze before continuing, “But Ben could build a home, he could find his family.” He edged closer, all traces of anger washed away in the tide of his own self-inflicted regret. “He could be happy.” If Hux was still his self before he’d met Kylo, that same sharp, impeccable man whose mouth was rested in a perpetual sneer, he would’ve dismissed Kylo. However, Hux had soon bid farewell to that shadow of a person long ago, and he was softer now. Kinder. Weaker. Although, for the first time, he had begun to think it was a welcome improvement rather than a debilitating disadvantage. Kylo was the one who burnt with a simmering rage, causing uncontained and brutal pain. Ben was the one who had shook in Hux’s embrace, who smiled shyly, who kissed gently, who had waited in the gentle fall of snow for a redheaded man. That final barricade, that final structure of battling restraint, crumbled. Hux allowed the walls in his mind to fall, exposing his most private thoughts to Kylo, leaving him vulnerable to every manner of indescribable power he wielded—and yet Hux trusted him not to. Kylo glanced up, noticing the subtle change in the strained atmosphere, the silent extension of his hand to the one man who’d held his heart. “Hux,” Kylo whispered, raw and desperate. The General uttered a muffled noise of complaint as his back slammed into the floor, pinned down under the long-limbed weight of Kylo, his face nestled tightly in the crook of his shoulder. Hux felt Kylo grip his shirtfront in a tremulous grip, pulling the fabric taught as he urged Hux closer. He was whispering hushed confessions into Hux’s skin, nosing at him blindly, breathing in his clean, freshly laundered scent. Settling his arms in a tentative circle around Kylo’s back, Hux allowed his head to lean sidewards to kiss the unruly curls of Kylo’s hair in a placating gesture. Kylo raised his head, balanced on the point of his bent elbows. “Can I?” His gaze flickered pointedly to Hux’s mouth, a tongue darting forward to wet his lips. “Yes,” Hux said, as if he hadn’t been persistently thinking about this very moment for the past few weeks. As if it hadn’t been the centre point of his most vivid dreams. In an echo of their first kiss, the pressure of Kylo’s lips was a hesitant and unsure contact, revealing his inexperience. Although Hux couldn’t claim his choice of bedmates was admirable or by any means extensive, he knew more than Kylo did. He knew enough to predict the regular occurrence of fumbling touches and stuttered breaths, of embarrassed, panting apologies. Hux’s fingers delved into the tangled mass of Kylo’s hair, grasping steadfast. He angled his face to the side, opening his mouth wider, legs spreading into a wider V. Kylo made a low noise of pleased surprise, fitting his body more firmly between Hux’s thighs, his weight bearing down on the smaller man. Hux had forgotten the overwhelming rush of emotion that accompanied physical touch, and also the unseasonable warmth and eager, wet slide of Kylo’s mouth so close. A gasp slipped unbidden from Hux’s lips when Kylo’s elegant swordman’s fingers passed the hem of Hux’s singlet, meeting cool, smooth skin. Hux drew back when he felt Kylo smile against him. “What?” Kylo asked, his eyebrows furrowed in genuine confusion. His reaction even bordered on the slightest glimmer of fear, as if he worried he’d crossed an invisible line, if he’d further hurt Hux. “You—” “I forgot about your wounds, I didn’t mean to—” Kylo swore, interrupting Hux’s pitiful attempts to speak plainly about his emotions. And then he was pulling back, space wedged between them, distancing himself from Hux’s pliant and willing body. Kylo looked like he wanted to reach forward, but his limbs were held stiffly, awkwardly. Hux rested on his elbows, desire overruling his thin visage of irritation. “I’m fine, Kylo. Truly.” Although his earnest assurance was belied by the twinge of pain he was unable to mask as he pushed himself upwards, onto his hands. An unsteady beat. “I’m sorry.” “It’s nothing.” “It’s everything, Hux.” The General glanced at him quickly, shocked by the tremor in Kylo’s voice. “I hurt you,” Kylo said gravelly, solemnly, like he was attending a funeral. “I promised myself that I would never use my powers for evil against you, and yet I did the one thing I swore not to. I failed you. I hurt you.” “Don’t dwell on the past.” Kylo looked doubtful, focused on the dark splatter of bruises decorating Hux’s collarbone. Hux adopted a different approach, shifting onto his knees to crawl towards Kylo, revelling in the stunned widening of the young Lord’s eyes. He ignored how it positioned him to look submissive, but he knew Kylo appreciated soothing assurance over harsh discipline. “Don’t dwell on the past, Kylo, because if we do then we’d be lost.” “I’m sorry,” Kylo said sometime afterwards, when the weighty silence resulted in an unsteady build of emotions rising in Kylo’s chest, sudden and strong. He cradled the empty cup Hux had handed him before, when he was driven by rage and terror. “I spilt the drink you made me.” Hux hadn’t moved from his position between Kylo’s legs, and Kylo hadn’t moved to pull him closer, so they’d stayed there. In a limbo where they both wanted to reach out, to break that final layer of loosely-held resistance, but none having the confidence to be so completely laid bare. “What did you even make?” Kylo needed to hear Hux speak. To forget the defeated glint of his blue eyes. That same voice, the syllables rounded by a place of foreign birth, but softer than usual: “Warm milk, stirred in with honey.” “And you made that for me?” Quiet, teasing. “I drink it when I’m not myself.” A stunned, slow blink. “Thank you, Hux.” “Here,” Hux said, louder, “I’ll make you another one.” He gently eased the cup from Kylo’s hands with a pointed efficiency, choosing to ignore the electric brush of skin, of shared contact. The General situated himself in the kitchen, occupied with completing a task, finally. Hux had just spooned a swirling drizzle of thick, amber-golden honey into the cup’s base when he jolted. Fingers lightly swept over the exposed back of his bruised shoulders, a hesitant and kind press into the purple marking of his wounds. He couldn’t suppress an inward flinch at the touch, no matter how much he understood the meaning behind Kylo’s advances were purely to build and mend, not to break. “Bland oatmeal and warm milk, huh?” “Oatmeal is a nutritious source of fibre,” Hux countered with a customary flat humour, forcing himself to relax. Kylo didn’t want to hurt him—he didn’t mean to—but Hux was still circling a point of unease. “I’m sure.” Kylo’s lips were chapped and cool against his cheek. Hux gasped, causing Kylo to reel back at the shaky quality of the noise. “I’m okay,” Hux affirmed, his arms rigidly braced against the countertop. “I’m okay,” he repeated as Kylo’s arms tentatively wound around his smaller waist, no more than a whisper of pressure. “I missed you,” Kylo whispered, like it was a secret. “I know.” Although Kylo’s mouth rested wetly against Hux’s ear for a heartbeat more, he soon diverted his attention lower, to his neck. Hux knew this night was already too forgone for tender confessions or the real, solid foundations for a relationship that they both could truly rely on. But it was a willing offer of what small comfort and trust they had left after years spent in self-inflicted solitude, weighted by countless burdens. Kylo lips moved with a lazy slowness, leaving a sensitive trail of attentive kisses in their wake. Without any semblance of control, Hux leaned backwards in Kylo’s embrace, wanting—no, needing —to bridge the wide gap of empty space between them. A slight push of Hux’s hips backwards until it was moulded to the shape of Kylo’s pelvis, the larger man’s chest pressed firmly to the curve of Hux’s back. Hux noticed the subtle change in Kylo’s kisses, like a more focused intensity in the touch of his lips, an increased fervour. “Stop that and drink your fucking milk,” Hux chastised, turning abruptly. He caught the tail-end of Kylo’s last kiss, the force of it causing him to tip forward, lips grazing Hux’s cheek clumsily. Kylo pulled back a fraction, staring at Hux through half-lidded eyes, grinning with a flushed, unabashed arousal. He leaned in to find Hux’s mouth this time, but Hux dipped his chin to the side to dodge Kylo’s valiant romantic effort. Kylo made a noise of annoyed defeat, nudging his nose to Hux’s. “Drink it,” Hux said, prying Kylo’s reluctant fingers off his waist and wrapping them around the warmed, honeyed milk. “And then we can figure out what else we can do.” Kylo was halfway through a loud gulp before Hux brushed past him with an amused air of victory, settling back on the perfectly flat and even lines of his bed. The redhead General smiled at hearing the graceless snort of Kylo behind him, who had heartily choked on his milk in his haste to follow Hux. “How was your milk?” Hux asked when he saw Kylo appear in his vision, a looming black figure. He busied himself with his personal datapad, a leg casually crossed over the other, looking fixedly at the never-ending stream of information on the sleek electronic screen. “Are we really doing this?” Hux raised an unconcerned eyebrow. “Doing what?” “Hux,” Kylo growled, like this easy banter was normal, like their life was made up of these small, momentous moments. But, in these fleeting breath of time, their life was this . The next time Kylo kissed Hux he was smiling, having firstly tugged the datapad from Hux’s grasp and laid it on the nearby side table. With a gentle shift of weight and the careful guidance of his hands, Kylo managed to settle between Hux’s thighs again. He was new to this, but he liked the feel of Hux beneath him, and Kylo thought Hux liked the slight give in to control—and the sign of trust it entailed. Hux strained forward, his back bowing into an eager arch. He tried to open Kylo’s mouth, wet and forceful, his tongue darting forward. However, it seemed Kylo was content to simply kiss him languidly, fingers skating along Hux’s bare arm, eliciting a trail of raised goosebumps. Hux’s mild annoyance was quickly sated by Kylo’s playful grin etched into his skin, hips grinding down in a slow roll. Hux hissed as Kylo’s weight bore down onto him more heavily, pain flaring under his abused skin. Kylo frowned in a moment of debating silence before laying by Hux’s side, urging him to move up, sitting astride Kylo. Hux’s glared at him levelly before relenting, straddling Kylo’s lap with one swift movement. He smiled when Kylo shifted beneath him anxiously, his breathing growing erratic with the distracting weight of Hux pressed firmly to him. “You’re not going to last long, are you?” Hux teased, satisfied with the role reversal, with the quivering energy of Kylo beneath him. Kylo swallowed, looking like he had that night so many weeks ago, telling Hux his romantic endeavours never surpassed sparse kisses. “Hux, just—” “I know,” Hux interrupted, understanding thoughtfulness replacing arrogance. He had waited for Kylo, and he had even known the unfiltered depths of his bared soul for a fleeting moment, so he allowed his spiteful pretences to drop and fall away completely. Bracing his arms on either side of Kylo’s head, Hux tilted his forward and backwards in a continuous roll, grinding their pelvises together. Kylo groaned with shameless abandon, his head falling back to reveal the column of his neck. Nipping the pale skin just below Kylo’s ear, Hux pulled back to grin viciously at the delicate flush painting Kylo’s cheeks. Kylo panted roughly, reflexively gripping the fabric of Hux’s singlet, fisting it by his hips. Hux rested his own hands on Kylo’s broad chest, his attention centred at the one blinding point of contact he and Kylo were connected to, that stimulating source of friction. Hux growled when Kylo’s fingers lightly grazed the exposed skin above his waistline, gyrating against Kylo with a sudden surge of desperate need to be closer, to feel every quivering breath he took. “Hux, I—” Kylo managed to say, tousled and writhing against the bed, pushing to meet each of Hux’s thrusts. Hux increased the tempo of his hips, ignoring Kylo’s stuttered gasp of Hux, wait, I’m going to — And then Kylo’s back arched, hands holding Hux’s waist steadfast, his pained cry of Hux’s name filtering through the heady air. He shivered beneath Hux, abortively moving his hips with each shaky gasp. Hux inhaled deeply, shuddering with the force of it. He watched as the lines of Kylo’s face eased into a blissful expression, soft and fond— human . Hux reached out to thread his fingers through the impossibly silky waves, pushing the lank of dark hair back from Kylo’s damp forehead. The young Lord mumbled something incomprehensible after Hux caught his surprised lips in an open, uninhibited kiss. “What did you say?” Hux sighed as Kylo mumbled again, no more than a loose string of half-formed syllables and wordless noises of content. “It’s your turn.” Hux wasn’t prepared for the abrupt shift of weight, of Kylo smoothly rolling him over—seemingly with too much precise control for someone who had supposedly only been a boneless sprawl of limbs shortly before. He glanced at Kylo with feigned disinterest over his shoulder, Hux’s composure only fracturing slightly at the satisfied smile which curled Kylo’s lips. “Yes?” Hux prompted, goading him. “Stop that,” Kylo chastised without any real heat, an arm situated beneath Hux’s head, like a pillow. His other hand slid around Hux’s hip to rest at the waistband of his pants. A point of distraction, counteracted by the light pressure of Kylo’s mouth over bare skin. “Just let me”—a wet, directionless kiss to the back of Hux’s neck—“touch you.” “You don’t have to do that, Kylo,” Hux said, although he wanted this—and Kylo too. “It’ll only take a minute?” “Is that a challenge—?” All coherent thought quickly fled Hux’s mind as Kylo’s fingers first breached the border of his confined pants. He inhaled sharply, unwittingly moving backwards into Kylo’s large, all-encompassing embrace—and not for the first time that night, Hux noted. “What were you going to say?” Kylo teased, his breath too hot, too close to Hux’s ear. The former laughed when Hux turned into the curve of Kylo’s elbow, masking the exposed play of emotions over his face. “Hux?” Kylo slotted his hips to the natural curve of Hux’s ass, his fingers hovering, tormenting , but yet still not touching with intent. “Kylo,” Hux bit out, more of a plea than his intended warning. Kylo made a casual noise of acknowledgement as his pelvis pressed to Hux in a slow roll, rutting against him lazily, despite the frantic sparks of over-sensitised pleasure it elicited. Hux seemed to tremor as Kylo lightly grasped him, only deigning to stroke him once before stilling his movements completely. “Please, Kylo.” “Please do what?” Hux growled, reaching behind him to grip Kylo’s hair and draw him down into a sloppy, heated kiss. He began to move with Kylo, finding a pace that neither sped or dragged his pleasure out. “Please, Kylo, I need you,” Hux panted against his lips—and he wasn’t humiliated at his shameless request, it was serious. Genuine. Seeming to respond appreciatively, Kylo finally began to stroke with fervour, stoking the lost, simmering burn of arousal to a full flame within the minutes following Kylo’s orgasm. Hux’s teeth grazed Kylo’s arm under his head, dulled points scarping the toned flesh as Kylo pressed closer, nearer. Every rhythmic shift of fabric was punctuated by the wet melding of lips, or whimpered gasp, the heat and earthy smell of sex permeating the room. Hux came with Kylo pressed flush to his back, face resting in the curve of his neck, gripping Kylo’s wrist at his abdomen. It was a long-awaited rush of emotion, focused entirely on the feel of the dark-haired man surrounding him, entangling him. In his pleasure-addled state, Hux only barely heard Kylo laugh under his breath happily, freely. His body lax with the golden glow of contentment, uncharacteristically open, Hux turned in Kylo’s arms to more easily find his mouth. The remainder of the night was slow, unhurried. Hux allowed Kylo to undress and clean them both, staring at him with a quiet intimacy, protective fingers never straying from Kylo’s back, or arm. Kylo settled behind Hux again, nuzzling into his startlingly red hair as their bodies instinctively moved to fit together tightly, legs tangling. “How did you even learn to do that?” Hux asked later, when his pulse had eased into a dull thud, when he was simply warm with the heat of Kylo’s lanky body. “Do what?” “I thought you said you hadn’t done anything like this before.” Hux’s brow creased. Kylo’s hand slid over Hux’s waist, causing the bedsheet to fall, exposing their complete nakedness to the persistent chill of the ship’s labyrinthine interior. He intertwined their fingers over Hux’s stomach. “It’s a simple task to appease someone’s desires when you can see read their innermost thoughts, Hux.” The young Lord’s breath was damp and warm over Hux’s neck, not daring to touch, but only to rest there, on the precipice of contact. “All I had to do was listen to you.” “Last time you could barely do more than kiss me.” “Last time I hadn’t spent every night thinking of you,” Kylo said slowly, placing more emphasis on the meaning behind his admission than he had before. Hux snorted. “You’re pathetic,” he said fondly. Hooking his chin over Hux’s shoulder, he felt the imprint of Kylo’s grin against his skin again. Hux blinked, his gaze fixated on the view of the star-studded sky from the portside window, relaxing for the first time since Kylo had left this room so long ago. Kylo looked at the same glittering constellations Hux did, ignoring the resounding pang in his chest—because he had charted those stars with his father—and instead focused on the shape of Hux’s body, how it moulded to his. “Tomorrow, let’s leave,” Kylo said, uncomfortably loud in the previous silence. “Where?” “Anywhere.” In reply, Hux turned into Kylo’s chest, seeking the promise of warmth and safety he offered—through physical contact, mental, in whatever form he could take. The next morning Kylo rudely roused Hux awake, standing over the smaller man with an uncommonly solemn expression. Hux shifted, legs tangling in the rumpled bedsheets, cold now he once realised he had been sleeping alone for longer than he’d realised. He blinked critically at Kylo, at his frantic state of full dress, the desperate look kindled in the dark eyes of his mother. “What are you doing?” Hux asked reproachfully. “We’re running away. Together.” “Kylo,” Hux stopped, looking down at Kylo’s hands covering his, “we can’t.” “We can,” Kylo insisted, his conviction borne of hope rather than rage. A picture of logical determination—so unlike his usual seething fury, so shockingly resolved. “We can do it, Hux. I know we can. I’m just asking you to trust me.” He held out his hand to Hux—offering a different future, one far away, one with Kylo. Hux looked at his outstretched hand for a moment longer, at the endless possibilities that laid in the lines of his palm and the shape of his fingers, before reaching forward. Kylo’s grip was warm and firm, and his smile was bright. Hux allowed himself to smile in return. They didn’t look back, not when Kylo renounced his name and Hux shed his slim-fit uniform. Not when Phasma permitted the passage of a small shuttle to an unknown destination, bidding a wordless farewell to her commanding officer over the crackling frequency. And not even when they kissed for the first time on the beaches of Naboo, Kylo muttering something about coarse, rough, irritating sand afterwards, how it got everywhere. Hux had laughed unfoundedly at Kylo’s petulant expression with unbridled mirth, finally unburdened, finally able to delight in the simple pleasures of another person’s smile and— —It wasn’t just enough. It was more. Notes: Look at this quality literature ~ sand jokes and virgin Kylo ~ it's everything I've ever wanted. Plus kudos to that one person who gave me the idea of Hux making honeyed milk for the space sinner^^ If you talked to me about any of my gay ass ships on tumblr you know I'd probably end up writing about it. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Be His Salvation series