Zima (z-ma) My mission was simple…..in and out. The temple was smaller than I thought it would be and honestly I have help. Apparently not all jedi in training are good. I would sneak down there...fill out my job and get away quickly in this small Starhopper. I go in near the temple high enough where they could barely tell if I was a rebel cargo ship or an imperial and that’s the way I want it. I was dressed in a clever disguise similar to what a pilot in a cargo ship would usually wear. In the back, where the cargo would be….well let’s just say..I hope they like smoke. I land on a small cargo mat, while some of the rebels guarding the temple came forward. One came up to my window...it was a man..a lot older than me. I knew this would be a problem. Why would the rebellion send young and inexperienced pilots to send cargo...specially cause the only cargo is usually...supplies...expensive supplies….they weren’t going to believe me… I had to do something fast. “Mame...what exactly are you carrying in your cargo.” the man asks. Uh...poisonous gas...no can’t tell you. “Carbonated Steel.” I say. “What is that?” he asks suspiciously… “New, cheaper metal. You know how bad the economy is.” I say. The man frowns and runs to the back. Once I hear them hit the hopper I open the door. The gas pours out and they fall to the ground. So thick they could not see anything….and that was good, because I could escape. Chapter 2: Deisa (De-sah) The temple was as calm as ever. You could feel the wind flow through the air. I look over to Teffina and Ben. They smile and wave. I was glad to have good friends, but more like trouble makers. Teffina, absolutely adored Ben, I mean….they have been friends forever. But, it’s only Ben who gets us in trouble. Master Luke has kept an eye on him, since he first started training, and honestly I have too. Something is different about him. Teffina, and all (most) of the other students have this sense of peace. But, Ben just isn’t the same. He is not always calm and is too..too much like a normal kid. I mean he has the force, it’s just sometimes you can’t follow either way of the force. Your just stuck in the middle. As we meditate, one of the older kids runs in. It was Destin Gaff. He was a nice kid, but he was also a very short one. He was one of the kids where you thought he would be way younger. “Master Luke….there is a bunch of smoke on the landing mat.” Destin says. “This is not good….there is a disturbance I feel it.” Luke says. All of the sudden about five kids in the class jump out of their seats and pull out their sabers and……….strike down other kids. Master Luke runs and I watch in horror as Ben stands up. He looks to me and then Teffina and starts chasing after kids. I look around in horror until someone strikes Teffina. She cries out, and I stand up. I run….. I run past kids screaming in pain, and others laying dead. I turn down a hallway and bump into..a girl my age. She is wearing a cargo pilot uniform…..bounty hunter….who is my age what??? I grab her and push her into a wall. She shrieks not knowing of how powerful I could really be. “Get me out of here. And I will repay you. You have no clue what is going on. You are picking a side.” that got to her. The number one code for a bounty hunter was never to pick a side. “Alright come on. There is a small back up starhopper over here.” She says pointing to it. We run, and I look back at the temple. Everything goes dark as it starts to rain. We hope in and fly away, and for one last time I look at my home. Chapter 3: Zima Never in my life have I thought about sitting on a starhopper with the last jedi in the galaxy. Well, she is probably know. Her hair is soaking wet is a messy braid, her robes once brown were black, also because of the rain. She was shaking looking at the ground. “They were my friends. Who set you up to do this? Why did some of the jedi jump up?” she asks. “Look, ok. I was on Takodana when I got an offer by a hooded man ok. 1,000,000 units is a lot of money.” I say. “Well, great. My name is Deisa.” She says. “Zima, nice to meet you. So where do you want me to drop you off.” I ask. “The Illenium Galaxy, please. I am sure the rebellion would want a jedi.” Deisa says. I look to my fuel tank. Boy was this thing low. We would have to take a stop. “Look, I have to go to Takodana and get some fuel.” I say. “Why Takodana?” she asks. “Look, do you want to go to the base or not?” I reply. “Ok, Takodana it is.” Deisa answers. As we fly she starts to look around. I had no clue whose ship this was, but I was using it. She looks back and shrieks.. “What is it?” I ask. She picks up a box and holds it with a tight grip. “I...I need to give this to Maz….it’s urgent.” She replies. “Well, we here now aren’t we.” I say. We then see it. The beautiful view of Takodana one of the most green planets in the galaxy. I land, and watch as she walks out. She then turns and stares at me. “Well.” I say. She nods and then I see it. Part of the ship had been blown up, or at least was impacted by the landing somehow. We were going to have to get a ride. We walk in to a crowded temple cantina or however it works. People sit all around at tables and booths talking. They stare mostly at Deisa not really caring about a bounty hunter. We walk over to Maz, who was serving drinks to some boy. "Ah. Zima, how are you. Oh and you brought a friend." Maz says shaking my hand. Even as a bounty hunter she really liked talking to me. "Oh I am good. This is my friend Deisa. We are in urgent need of a ride to the Resistance." I say. She nods staring at Deisa. "Yes. You see there.." Deisa is interrupted. "Yes..I know there has been a disturbance in the force. And I can still see more in the future. But, the main thing is getting you to the Resistance and this box into hiding." Maz says taking the box. "Who are you going to give it to?" Deisa asks. "To the next person able to wield it." Maz says. She walks away leaving Deisa and I to apparently find a ride for our self. "You need a ride?" asks the boy behind us. He is tall and has that sort of smuggler look. "Yes. We need a ride to D'quar like you can get us there." Deisa says sounding sort of snotty. "Oh well how funny that's exactly where we are going. Well, after..." he says. I look at him to see if this smuggler boy was telling the truth but actually he was. "Great. We'll come. Wherever you go first needs to wait. How much do you want us to pay?" I ask. "Wow, for a bounty hunter you don't have much manners. You see my sister is in need of help on Tatooine, and that would be your payment." he answers. "No." Deisa says. The boy is shocked and starts to think. "Well, you know what. I know that the 1st order is looking for two fugitives a girl padawan and a bounty hunter." he says. I look to Deisa. He wouldn't. "Ok. Well save your sister and then right away you can take us to the Resistance." I say. "Deal. I am Ranger captain of the Stormthunder." Ranger says. Deisa snorts and I smile. "What kind of name is that." Deisa says laughing. "My sister picked it out, ok. What's your names." Ranger asks. "I'm Deisa last jedi on the planet thanks to Zima here." Deisa says. The boy stands up and nods to Maz. We walk out to see the rectangular shaped ship called the Stormthunder. "Come on." he says. Chapter 4- Deisa I sit co-pilot next to Ranger. Apparently he was so annoying that Zima wanted to go to the other end and play gunner, even though there wasn't anything to shoot. “So how did your sister end up on Tatooine.” I ask. “Well, smugglers always end up in trouble and I mean. Some of our supplies were stolen so she went out to get them on Tatooine. She hasn’t come back.” Ranger says. “Oh well. I am sure we’ll find her.” I reply. As we fly I notice he keeps looking back and forth from me and space, so I leave to go find Zima. I am sure he’ll be fine without a co-pilot. Zima sits down staring at her helmet. She had switched into her bounty hunter suit which was underneath the cargo one. It was a pitch black suit with the natrious Maderolliean symbol on it. The helmet was black and purple. “So..did you have any family?” I ask sitting down next to her. “Yeah, but they kind of went their own way..when I grew older.” Zima says sighing and looking at me. “Well..who's your parents? I doubt I know them.” I answer. “Well...I only knew my Dad and almost everyone knows him.” Zima replies. “Who is he?” I ask. “Let’s just say I am a Fett.” She says. I look at her surprised but she looks away disappointed. She clearly didn’t like her family history. “Hey, at least you knew your parents. I don’t.” I say. I then grew sad, the only parts of my life I knew from when I was younger I was always in the temple. With Teffina and Ben. I shudder just to think of their names. One dead and the other evil. “So...I think Ranger there likes you.” Zima says. I was shocked. Then again anything is better then Ben. “But...he is a smuggler. I mean why would I..the last jedi go for a smuggler.” I argue. “I don’t know. I didn’t say you liked him.” Zima says. I start to think. Ranger wasn’t so bad, but he was just as trouble making as Ben. And no way am I falling for a smuggler. Then again Leia did and that...no...I am not falling for him. Up in a distance we see it Tatooine. The beauty, of sand. Well not really. There sunsets are nice though. I walk into the cockpit to help Ranger lands, and he smiles. I frown and look at the village where we were landing. It was really unlike anything I had seen before, because it was burning. We were to late. Down on the ground though we saw something in the corner of our eyes. A girl on a speeder, thankfully for Ranger his sister had made it. The trouble would be catching up with her. Chapter 14-Rainne (Rain-knee) The first order was full blown evil. I had came down to Tatooine to retrieve some supplies Guko the Hutt stole from me and my brother. I met some people in a small village and now most are gone..burned by the first order or taken by the Hutt. Including a little girl I had met. And now I am going to get them back. I ride on my speeder determined to get to the Hutt’s place in time before anyone is killed. Above me I hear a ship roar, but I don’t care about ship’s right now. I fly through the desert, and hear people start riding up behind me on their speeders. It was two girls and my brother! I stop and they turn screeching. They must have taken one of the speeders from the village, because there’s was burnt marks all over it. “Ranger!” I yell running up to him. “Rainne. What happened to that village? Where were you going?” he asks me. “Look. I was getting ready to leave, and head straight to the Resistance thinking you would already be there, but then someone must have told, because we were attacked. Those who were just regular villagers were killed. Those who helped me were taken to Guko the Hutt. I ran..and now...they could be dead. Wait..whose your friends?” I ask. The first girl looked strange. She had similar short hair to mine, but her’s was pitch black. She wore a bounty hunting offit, but there was no sign of a helmet. The other had long brown hair, and the offit of a jedi padwan. “I am Deisa, and this is Zima.” the one girl says. She smiles. “Well..come on then...we got people to save.” I say. And we jump on our speeders. Next stop the Hutts. Chapter 15-Zima Being a bounty hunter means that saving people isn’t really my thing. But, Ranger’s sister was urgent. She kept talking about how there was this little girl and all, but I was just out of it. Thankfully, Deisa kept on making sure I was ok. “Hey...you ok? I know this really isn’t your thing. I mean..you could leave...if you want..I could stay with Rainne and Ranger.” Deisa says. “And who is going to make sure no 1st order jerks kick your butts? Ranger is going to watch his sister, not you. Who will protect the only Jedi left, if I am gone?” I ask. But, for some reason this makes Deisa mad. “I can take care of myself. How do you think I survived the temple attack.” Deisa answers. “Well..I mean..I don’t think Ben would have killed you for any reason.” I say. This makes her even more mad. “YOU DON’T KNOW THAT! I AM DONE! LEAVE! GO ZIMA...go back for all I care.” Deisa screams. I turn hurt. I ride away on my own speeder watching them grow smaller and smaller. If they didn’t want me fine...they didn’t need me. I had no clue where I was going or how I was getting there. I just knew that I needed to do something...something big. Chapter 16-Deisa I felt bad at making Zima leave. But, I didn’t know how that conversation would go, and it obviously didn’t go as good as it could have. I sit on my speeder in view distance of the Hutt’s palace. Ranger waves to signal us stopping. “What’s the plan Rainne?” he asks. “We just go in there.” Rainne says. “That’s not going to work. How about we find a way into the...dungeon..obviously that’s where they are.” I say. “Good idea.” Ranger says. I look away, maybe Zima was right? Oh Zima I am so sorry. I was so mean, please be careful wherever you are. We walk around stealthy trying not to become seen. “Found it.” Rainne says opening a vent. We peek in to see few villagers. Most were men, but in a small conor was a woman cradling a small child. “Liesal..” Rainne cries out. The little girl looks up, and stormtrooper blasters go off. It was a trap, and thankfully we weren’t in it. Villagers started falling down dead. The little girl cries out and Rainne screams...everyone is dead. Ranger pulls at Rainne’s arm for her to start running. She stands up and we run towards our speeders..riding off fast towards Stormthunder. We jump off and run into the stormthunder. Into the cockpit we zoom off of Tatooine. Everyone is quiet. The first order was evil...but we were going to the Resistance and the Resistance will win, I truly believe so. We land and we walk out. Some officers came up to greet us. “Hello there, who are you.” asks one, an older man. “Deisa, and this is Ranger and Rainne. We need to talk to General Organa it’s urgent.” I say. In a distance I saw some familiar faces. Chewy, Han, and C3PO stood watching us. “ I am sorry, but with the rise of the First Order, the General has got a large plate.” The man says. The three walk up, knowing me they probably were surprised to see me. “It’s alright Ematt. They can come with me.” Han says. “Ok sir.” Ematt says. “I am surprised your alive.” Han says as we walk into the base. “Well I am surprised you're here. After all Ben..” I began. “Please don’t say his name.” says General Organa. Organa looked stressed out, and so did most people here. “I am so sorry. Look we have a lot to discuss.” I say. Organa looks at me and then to another officer. “Ok..let's talk in a conference room.” Organa says. “Ranger, Rainne if you want to..” I begin. “No. We want to stand by your side.” Rainne says. I smile. We walk into an empty lunch room, and sit down at a table. “Tell me everything.” Organa says. “It was a normal day, but then everyone attacked. I escaped with a bounty hunter. We rode to Takodana, where we boarded a ship with Ranger here.” I say. Ranger waves. “We then traveled to Tatooine to save Rainne. During that time, my bounty hunting friend left.” I explain. Han rushes into the room. He looks at Organa. “We have an issue.” Han says. “Yes.” Organa replies. “One of our pilots is missing...Ellanore Giatoz.” Han replies. “Where was she last spotted.” Organa asks. “Near some first order TIEs who were attacking.” Han says. “This isn’t good. No one would want to go even close to Starkiller Command Base.” Organa replies. Rainne looks around and stands up. “We volunteer. We can do it.” Rainne says. Ranger and I stand up too. “Ok, Han go get them a ship.” Organa says. We all leave the room and follow Han. He takes us to a Y-wing called Lona. “Good luck. And may the force be with you.” Han says. “Wait, Han. Will we ever see you again.” Ranger asks. “No, I am leaving.” Han says walking out. The doors of the Y-wing close and we run into the cockpit. I let the twins take charge and sit in the back. I grew nervous. What if we get captured? What if we see Ben? What if we don’t find Ellanore? Chapter 17-Zima I broke my code. I picked a side. I started a new life, by ending one. I sit in the control center of the StarKiller Command base proud to be back to my old ways. The poor girl though, I must say she sorta reminded me of Deisa. I sit next to my new best friend. Or at least someone to talk to. His name was Jonas, a knight of Ren. He was different then Deisa. He knew the pain of being dark. Of killing people. He knew what it did to you. “Do you think the Resistance will send anyone?” I ask him. “If you had the force you would see everything so much clearer. Yes, and they already have. Two smugglers and the last jedi padawan. Kylo has a plan to lure them, then to complete my training I will kill the padawan.” He says. That is why Kylo is so distant. He is upset and confused. He doesn’t want to kill Deisa. Wait, DEISA! “How will there be a trap?” I ask. “Well, that’s your job of course. To test your training.” Jonas says. He turns around and clenches his head. “They are in the woods...go now..” he says. I run, and in the distance I can hear them talking. “What’s wrong Deisa?” Ranger asks. “I thought I could sense Ellanore, but I think she is dead..I think someone is watching us.” Deisa says. The begin to look around and I hide behind a tree, not quite ready to go with the plan. Ok. Tell them that Ellanore is hurt in the Thermal Oscilator. They run with you, and Jonas will take care of the rest. But, do I really want to hurt Deisa? Maybe? I am not sure, but I know that this is the path I want to take. “Deisa!” I yell running to her. Ranger stares at me suspicious and Rainne looks angry. “Zima, what are you doing here?” Deisa asks me. “No, time to explain. Ellanore is in the oscillator come on.” I yell. We run towards it, but before we go in… “How do you know Ellanore.” Rainne asks stopping. Deisa looks at me, confused and afraid. They didn’t trust me. “Because...look it’s all my fault. But, Deisa I am the Zima that helped you even though I shouldn’t. I am the Zima who was your friend.” I say trying to convince them. “Was.” Ranger says angrily. I look to the door. We were so close! “Zima, this is it. If we go in there and something bad happens no one will ever believe in you again. I really hope your the Zima from before, because I am sorry that I drove her away.” Deisa says. She smiles and I smile. Ranger opens the door. It is dark inside. I rush them in, and they look around. We climb down ladders towards a dark bridge...across it a dark figure. “Zima..” Deisa says afraid. “Deisa, I don’t know…..what’s going on..” I say. Ranger pushes me away from Deisa. Rainne then pulls Ranger away, also afraid. “Don’t worry. I can do this.” Deisa says, and walks across the bridge. The cloaked figure revealed himself to be Jonas. She pulls out her lightsaber ready to fight. Chapter 18-Deisa I knew from the start it was a trap. I could sense it. I thought though. Of what could happen, what should happen. If I die, then Zima would probably leave, disappointed in herself. This would at least slightly help the Resistance. It would also cause Kylo to feel the pull to the light, in guilt. But, one less Jedi would be horrible. I run up to him, and take out my lightsaber. The blazing blue goes up against the red, it’s a struggle back and forth. We were even, being trained by the same master ment not one was better than the other. Zima watches, disappointed with herself. Ranger and Rainne watch in fear. I had made my decision. I watch as Kylo Ren enters along with some stormtroopers. Jonas tries to push me off, I look down and look to Rainne, then Ranger, then Zima, and then Ben. I fell down down down. Chapter 19- Rainne Everyone screams except for Jonas as Deisa falls. Even Kylo, and even Zima. Ranger pulls me to run, but I am to shocked. We run out into the woods, leaving everything behind. The woods began to snow, and then it got harder turning into a blizzard. We finally see the Stormthunder. Ranger takes my hand and we run inside. Sitting in cock-pit I begin to cry. Deisa was gone, and never coming back. There is not a single jedi alive, not a single hope. “Where are we going?” I ask. “The Resistance?” “No. We can not take any of this not anymore. We are going home.” Ranger answers. Home, a place I haven’t heard in along time. Home, a place that doesn’t want me. Where everything is left behind. Jakku. Chapter 20-Zima I run into the woods, tears streaming down my face like a flowing river. I was ok, with all of this, but now without Deisa..everything is different. I wasn’t going to break my code anymore. This is what I should have done. I should not have picked a side. From the beginning I should have realized what this mission would make me do. Pick, and that wasn’t ok. But, I am not going to be a bounty hunter anymore. I am just going to be me. I am going to travel the galaxy to find myself. To find the answer. I just needed Deisa to show me the answer. And may she guide me along the way. This isn’t over though. There is still a battle, between the first order and resistance. But, the Resistance has lost it’s greatest strength. But, I feel it..someone is still there. Somewhere there is a new talent. Someone with the force. But, what side they pick is up to them. THE END Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Star Wars Sides Saga series Next Work →