Black Treacle “I trust that you will see to it then?” “You must be willing to cover the highest of expenses…” “Diplomatic immunity, Grimes, and the complete misdirection of the Resistance is my pay to you. Is it not enough? Do your wishes lie elsewhere?” My client’s representative held out a handwritten letter. I extended my arm and reached for it. “One last thing, Grimes. He is the only one I want dead. Don’t be as chaotic as you were with My wife at her dinner party.” The transmission ended, and my client’s rep left. The letter was in my hands now. And so was a man’s life. The First Order was quite lazy when it came to making sure trash chutes weren’t accessible from the outside. I bumped into a wandering Stormtrooper and shuffled through his mind a bit before getting him unconscious and dumping him into the chute. His armor wasn’t a tight fit. The armor I had adorned myself in belonged to an ‘FN-2519’, assigned to some tall, metallic trooper who had moderate contact with both the target, General Murk, and another man named Kylo Ren. As I recollected the memories of FN-2159 once again, I remembered all the gossip that had passed through his ears. Apparently so, Kylo Ren was a punk bitch who threw tantrums all the time, and everyone on the base hated him. I seized the opportunity to have a quick laugh and searched through the nearby corridor for another metal head. There were two of them, standing in front of what appeared to be the mess hall. Plenty of troopers and the like were walking out of the double doors, so I could only assume. I made my way towards them and kept my pinky over my blaster’s safety. Much to my surprise, one of them threw his hand up to greet me with a high-five. I lifted the hand that had been lurking over my belt and reciprocated. “Dude, can you believe ‘Master Ren’ threw another BF in one of the briefings this morning?” The trooper across from him lifted his hands midsentence to add in his air quotes. I let out a convincing snort and replied, “No fucking way. The kid’s a freakin’ joke.” “I know dude, he looks like he’d weigh 30 pounds soaking wet.” That one made me chuckle. I decided to hang around these guys for the rest of the evening, to get a little bit of context with this whole First Order thing. I’d never worked a contract this big. Sure, I’ve done governors and emperors of planets and solar systems, but these fish are galactical political figures. I might as well do a bit of sightseeing. As much as enjoyed making fun of people I didn’t care about, I tried to think of anything I knew about Kylo Ren besides all the nonsense. The one fact I was able to gather from FN-2519’s mind was evidence of Ren showing proficiency with the Force. I recalled an image of him force choking a trooper and slamming him into a wall, it must’ve been one of those tantrums. It felt a bit intimidating, but no one I’d ever met could manipulate the Force as well as I did. If anything, his abilities would only make things more interesting. The dark side of the force was just the dark side. I’d only ever actually encountered Jedi, but it couldn’t be that different. Then it hit me. If Ren wields the force, then he already knows I’m here. From within the FN-2519’s consciousness I was able to obtain a general sense of direction around the Starkiller base, and with a few verbal commands, I was able to clear the proximity of Kylo’s quarters. I wasn’t gonna pick a fight with the guy, I just wanted to know if he was the real deal . Now that I was in, swift and quiet, I found myself overcome by an odd sense of excitement . Followed by a wave of adrenaline as I heard footsteps from within the entrance of the apartment. Readily, I positioned myself beside the frame leading into his bedroom in which I had previously been hidden and cloaked my presence with the Force. He would not see me. As if the timing couldn’t be any better, I found myself at an unfortunate cross-road. I didn’t have to be here, it was a huge risk from what I had gathered, and it felt fairly brash. But I wasn’t known for my common courtesy and reminded myself that I was not to kill anyone but General Murk, this was just a stunt; I needed to do this as unadulterated as possible. Well, for a murder anyway. Thanks to my brilliant hesitation, Kylo nearly caught me off guard. Bless the stars the fucker had his dumb bucket off. I jumped at him from the dark and clamped my right hand over his mouth. With my left, I crashed the hilt of my blaster as hard as could with his temple. He fell to the floor with an angry thud, but he wasn’t out. He looked up at me, and I noticed the side of his face I had hit was bleeding. I pulled my blaster out on him and spoke. “You’re supposed to be unconscious, ya’ know.” He sneered and grimaced as he wiped the blood off on his tunic, and reached for what looked like the hilt of a lightsaber. Almost instinctively, I removed one hand from my blaster and beckoned it towards me. Now that set him off. “I demand to know immediately who you are, why the hell you are in my quarters, and how dare you attempt to disarm me! ” His husky voice reverberated through the entirety of his bedroom, and his thick black curls bounced across the frame of his face like tiny flames embracing a dragon. He was a very pale man, and even when enraged his skin reminded me of Hoth. I was going to have to be much more careful than I had originally thought. I did manage to draw the saber out of his grip and into mine. And I could hear him grinding his teeth to dust. I held out his saber and flipped the blaster in my hand so the handle would face him. “Look, I’m not here to fuck around, all right?” I clicked the safety on my blaster, and his eyes flickered from mine to the gun, and then back to mine. Seeing as he was making no effort to let up and that he was very much livid with our encounter, I dropped both weapons at my feet and pulled my Stormtrooper helmet off. It fell with a resonating clunk , and I let Kylo Ren assess my identity. When it came to taking care of business, I showed my face to no one . There was always a mask and little to no contact with the people who hired me and died at my hand. In my seven years of working as a knife, no one had the slightest idea who I was. To them, I as either a figure with a thick looking brass mask or only the name Grimes. But the moment I accepted to kill General Murk, I knew something would be difficult. I knew there’d be some fucking obstacle. I could feel his eyes burning into me like lasers. The shape of my brows, the depth of my eyes, the bridge of my nose, and my cupid’s bow. He seemed quite surprised I was a female. I further punctured the lavish silence. “I was hired to murder one of your generals.” “Which one?” He began to stand up, the bleeding from his temple had nearly stopped by now. “Mu-“ He cut me off. “Murk, yes. He’s on the left side of the second corridor from here.” “You are quite the gentleman.” I spat back. I was completely taken aback by his response. Was he divulging this information? To a complete stranger who bashed his head with a blaster? “I knew you were coming. Hux was the man who hired you. I didn’t expect you to break into my quarters, nearly incapacitate me, and then insult me.” I continued to stare at him, completely and utterly dumbfounded. All that sass. “You’re absurdly powerful.” He said quickly. I knew what he had been referring to, the Force. He eyed me carefully, and then walked towards me. He stopped a few inches in front of me. I looked up at him. I wanted to spit in his stupid pale face. So I did. “I won’t be here for long, and I apologize for the aggression.” I scooped up FN-2519’s helmet and started to make my way out of Kylo’s quarters when he grabbed my wrist very firmly. I yanked my arm away and slid my mask over my head. I had most definitely exceeded the amount of contact I wasn’t supposed to have with my clients. General Murk was a very handsome middle-aged man. Probably late-forties. He had oceans for eyes and sand for hair. If I were ever to set foot on a beach, it’d probably smell like him. He was asleep when I had gained access to his quarters. I walked in quietly, careful not to cause him to stir. Making my way from his general living area to his bedroom, he had many recognitions hung up. Medals, photos of him with other stubborn political figures, and quite a few pictures with the faces cut out. I took notice of them as I found him sound in his bed, wrapped in stark white sheets, and snoring lightly. I went over to his bedside and pulled a thin silver dagger from my boot. General Hux had explicitly instructed Murk’s throat be slit with this particular blade. I slipped out as quickly as I glided in, and left the knife on Murk’s lap. Just as Hux had asked. Done and done. Now all that was left was getting paid. I searched the entire commanding floor for General Hux, and he was nowhere to be found. He asked that once I had killed Murk, find him as soon as possible. Usually, he’d be with Ren, but I was never facing that man again. I was halfway to the observation deck when I felt him. So much for never. He had his helmet on this time, and would’ve looked lethal if I hadn’t remembered spitting in his punk bitch face. “That was ridiculously quick. You are the definition of reliable.” General Hux spoke from behind Ren and then emerged. His hair was more akin to a flame than I could remember, and way more handsome. He extended his arm to me, and I met his hand for a brisk handshake. He thought I was short. I looked over at Ren, who was probably summoning all of the willpower in the galaxy not to murder me on the spot. It was an absurdly grand feeling. “I don’t believe I’ve had the pleasure of meeting you in person…” I trailed off. Hux picked up for me. “This is an unusual circumstance, after all. You’ve murdered the most insufferable insect to every walk the Starkiller.” Hux smiled as he articulated every syllable. “Your payment is due, but I have a secondary offer.” I raised a brow despite my Stormtrooper guise. “You’ve never gone limp on me, whaddya mean secondary offer?” I walked over towards the railing of the observation deck and blankly stared at the stars in hopes of getting a clearer view of whatever Hux was going on about. “We have history, you and me. You’ve done a lot of dirty work, and you always leave me with clean hands. I believe it’s about time I do something for you.” I turned around to find Hux nearly a foot away. “Hux, baby, what the fuck are you going off about?” He seemed a bit hesitant to reveal his offer to me, but my question still stood in the air. “Your diplomatic immunity lies with the First Order.” “I do not follow.” “I’m offering you General Murk’s position within the First Order.” “I don’t know if you got this or not, but I’m an assassin. Not a military head. I make the ripples in your politics for you, not with you. That’s not how it works.” “Of course, I didn’t expect you to accept. It was just an offer. Now since that has been rejected, can I, at least, look at your face?” Oh no. Everything was going very wrong. All I had wanted in payment was Hux enabling disregard for me in my activities. Not to be some bullshit general in the First Order, or for people marveling at my face. Whenever Hux called in another life, we’d occasionally flirt. I knew he liked the sound of my voice, and I loved looking at his hologram. The flirting felt like it was just a sick facetious joke, I didn’t ever believe that it’d lead to the commitment of him getting to see my face. Hux dropped himself to my knees and wrapped his hand around the pads of my armor. What the fuck. I looked around the rest of the deck to avoid looking at Hux and had almost forgotten Ren was in the room. I tried to read him, but he had put up a wall. I accepted defeat. Slowly, I hooked my fingers under my white bucket and threw it across the deck with a heavy sigh. Hux gasped with enough force to create his own point of singularity. As he got up, I tried to think of something to say. I'm not into you. I have HIV. I'm gay. He placed his left hand on my cheek and sucked in another breath. “You’re gorgeous.” “Fine.” He cocked his head to the side and lifted a brow. I placed my gloved hand on top of his and gave him the exact answer he wanted to hear. “I’ll do your First Order bullshit.” Hux nearly bit his bottom lip in half. “But, only until the Rebels get off my ass. As soon as Leia lays off, I’m gone.” My conditions didn’t phase Hux, I doubt he even considered them. All that he could think about was the fact that I had accepted. I have a bad feeling about this. Chapter 2 : Premature Adjustment and the Heat That Comes With It Summary: You're a military general now? You kinda like Hux? Kylo Ren has serious problems. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) I’d never thought I’d actually regret killing someone. But as I was being walked from the observation deck to General Hux’s quarters, it was the only feeling that came to mind. Kylo Ren went off in an opposite direction as we entered one of the deeper halls within the base, and I felt a heavy sigh of relief from Hux. “Did you actually spit in Ren’s face?” I looked over at him in comical disbelief. What a charmer. “Yeah, why?” I murmured nonchalantly. He stopped abruptly at a large metal door with a keypad at it’s left. He pushed a couple buttons and turned towards me. “Pardon my French, but I absolutely loathe Ren.” As he said this, he gestured for me to enter the now open room. Room wasn’t a big enough word. As I walked in, Hux followed and kept one of his hands at the small of my back. When I got into Kylo’s, I paid no attention to my surroundings and didn’t dare bother to turn on the lights. If it looked anything like Hux’s, I would’ve reconsidered. The walls were stark white, like Murk’s sheets before I killed him. There weren’t any frames or borders sectioning the different areas, everything was just in one enormous open space. He had one or two bookshelves that reached the ceiling. Much like the large window of the observation deck, the ceiling was just thick glass. I could make out thousands tinny-tiny points in the sky that varied from blue, red, yellow, and white. The bookshelves he had held a couple dozen actual paper books. They looked hefty and worn. Hux gently pressed me forward and guided me towards a large black leather-looking couch. I complied and sat down, looking over to my left and catching sight of his bed. It was on a platform, and the size of two king-size beds combined. Hux pulled me out of my awestricken trance by placing a hand on my lap. “Do you have something I can change into?” I took the trooper helmet off for good this time and then placed it at my heels. Hux then got up and quickly came back with a soft black sweater and a matching pair of trousers. As I stood, I asked him where his bathroom was, and he directed me to a door I wouldn’t have otherwise noticed because the shades of white were so uniform. As I began to undress, I heard Hux call out to me. “You know, now that you’re here for an indefinite amount of time, why don’t you tell me your name?” I pulled my undergarments over my head and past my thighs, stifling a chuckle. “That’s not how it works.” After washing myself and changing into what Hux gave me, I took notice of how cold it as on the base. I stepped out of the steamy bathroom gingerly, only to find Hux across the room, sitting on his black couch again. As I got closer, I noticed he had settled down with a bottle of some kind of alcohol. It was hard enough for me to smell it from a couple feet away, so I assumed it was vodka. I stepped over to the other side of the couch and sat beside him. “What do generals even do?” I asked, stupidly. Hux looked over at me and then back at the bottle. “You try to get as much done as possible before you die.” “That’s horribly vague and unfair of you.” Hux didn’t look up from his bottle. “I could say the same for you.” He was right and I grew convinced that he just wouldn’t let up. I inched closer to him, pulled the bottle out of his hands and set it besides the couch. I then placed both my hands on his thighs and gave him a stiff stare. “Look at me.” His gaze was lifted from his empty hands to my eyes. “_.” Hux lifted an eyebrow and then slumped further into the sofa. “What?” I asked quickly. “Is there a problem with my name?” “Your other one was stupid.” He slurred every single syllable. I woke up being unable to recall when I had fallen asleep. My entire mind was fogged. Rolling over to my left, I realized that I wasn’t on the couch anymore, it was across the room, and I had been asleep on the island Hux calls his bed. I got up, still freezing and hazed. Slowly making my way to the couch, I felt a hand on my shoulder. “There was a briefing this morning, I’ll fill you in whenever you decide you want to get started.” Originally, I had thought it would be difficult. Turns out being a military general is the most taxing experience I’ve ever had the pleasure of forcing myself through. Briefings in the mornings were absolute shit, the nights before hand plagued by insomnia. Fairly quickly, my mind blurred everything. The shaking of men’s hands followed by a hasty introduction. Looming over a desk with Captain Phasma in an attempt to keep her troops and the lot alive from point A to point B. Avoiding everyone else on the base I didn’t have to come in contact with to do my job, and meditating for hours on end in my quarters. The private space I was assigned wasn’t as expansive as Hux or Ren’s, and I was very much glad it wasn’t. I wouldn’t know what to do with all that extra space. They could’ve put me in a storage closet for all I care. All I wanted was to get this over with and get back to my actual occupation. A couple of weeks had gone by since I subjected myself to torture, and I was facing a wall with my legs crossed tightly and my palms opened on my heels, when I heard a sturdy knock on my door. I first chose to ignore it. Then it came again, with an accent that rippled in the calm oceans of my head. “Yes?” I called out, slightly annoyed. “Let me in _.” I turned in the direction of the door and with a flick of the wrist, opened the sliding metal doors. In came a severely exhausted looking Hux. He locked the doors behind him and began to pace around my common area. “What’s wrong?” I asked almost immediately. He wanted me to ask , and he wanted me to listen . I could feel it oozing off of him. I sat beside Hux on the edge of my bed and scrunched up my face in concern as I gestured for him to elaborate. “As Ren grows stronger in the force, he’s become more than intolerable. He cannot seem to keep his anger off of peoples’ throats, or his lightsaber out of our equipment. It’s become so detrimental that I feel the need to hire a psychiatrist and psychologist to board the base. It’s unhealthy and utterly ridiculous he believes he can proceed acting like a fucking child. He’s supposed to represent the First Order and he’s behaving like a motherfucking child. ” “I-I don’t know what to tell you.” I retorted, rather flabbergasted. I’d heard funny rumors about Ren, but I had assumed they were just that. Rumors. I had spent most of my time preoccupied with adapting as quickly as possible. I didn’t take note of Kylo Ren because he immediately pissed me off and I got the feeling he didn’t like me much either. “Have you ever done that before? He might think of it as an insult.” Then, I briefly recalled how I had spit in Ren's face not long ago. I didn’t even get a clear picture of what he looked like. It was too dark to make any note of his facial features. I’m one to talk. Hux sunk his head into his hands and drew a heavy sigh. I sighed with him. He then pulled a silver flask from the inside of his coat, unscrewed the top, and took a swig. I watched him carefully, and he had assumed my stare was a request. After taking another swig, he then gestured the flask towards me, and I shook my head. “Oh come on now _, I’m not gonna give you a pink slip for getting shitfaced with me.” “I’ve never had a drink before, I try to stay away from it.” Hux looked like I had just impaled him with something. “Here, it’s a bit hard, but I’m sure you can handle a bit of liquor in you.” I took the flask out of his hands and tentatively placed my lips at the opening. After a small sip, I tipped the container a bit more. Drinking wasn’t all that bad. It went down my throat like a fire, but the warm sensation in my belly was oddly satisfying. After a few small swigs, I laid back down on my bed and covered my face in hopes of falling asleep. I don’t remember if Hux had left or not. The next morning, my head ached a bit and my throat felt a little numb. I rolled over in an attempt to get up, but I bumped into something instead. It was Hux. His right arm was draped over my side rather haphazardly, and he seemed to be stirring. I stared at him as he slowly woke. I felt his hand grip my hip as if making sure there was something there. As his eyes opened fully and he came to the realization that what was beside him was me, he quickly removed his hand and stumbled out of the covers. I was almost positive he was hungover. He was half clothed, his chest exposed but his legs wrapped in the same black pants he wore every day. The thought of us doing anything raced across my head, but I ignored it. I got the feeling he wasn’t the type of man to take advantage of stressed out virgins. Especially ones who murdered people for money. “How’d you sleep?” I said sheepishly, trying to sound nonchalant. “Shit.” He mumbled. He looked absolutely horrible. The stress radiated off of him and I felt it like a bad case of BO. The Force was dense and vivid around him, but very unfocused. I could only feel and see certain things from him, but they were always unbelievably unblemished. Whenever we’d have meetings and Ren was in the room, I could feel his anger and annoyance. Sometimes I could hear him think about what propaganda they were to use, or whether or not sending four squadrons instead of five was a good idea. Occasionally I could even sense the way he felt about me. I tried ignoring that one the most because it confused me to no end. I didn’t know why, though. Hux was an attractive man; tall, lean, and handsome. My lack of human interaction made it impossible to tell how to properly deal with a man that was coming onto me. I just didn’t know what to do. He didn’t bring it up regularly and was very respectful towards my decision to not engage. Maybe it was a good thing? The only perception I had of the opposite sex was shitty scripted porn. I felt a sudden strong impulse to touch him. I must’ve been staring at Hux very intensely because he asked me if there was something wrong. I denied it and on my knees, made my way over to his opposing side of the bed. Cautiously, I lifted my hand to his shoulder and began to gently put pressure on the area where his shoulders met his neck. He looked really stressed, and people like getting rubbed when they're stressed. Almost instinctively, Hux pulled me off the bed and onto my feet. I moved around him and began to massage his bare back. His skin was warm and soft. It almost felt as though I was drinking again, but the warm sensation in my stomach didn’t recede like the alcohol had. He turned around slowly, my arms slipping from his shoulders to his chest. He then placed his hand behind my neck and pulled me close, so that his lips brushed against my right ear. “If I cannot stop, there is going to be no coming back.” His pitch dropped significantly and made my knees feel weak. “What do you mean?” I breathed quietly, relishing in how warm his body was. The base was always so fucking cold. He didn’t respond in words. Instead, he ran his fingers through the hairs near the back of my neck and hummed softly into my ear. “I don’t wanna die without knowing what it’s like to move inside you.” Like some calculated military assault, he grazed my neck and face with his own. The warmth in my insides spread all over my body and my back started tingling. From there he continued caressing me gently, and I had no objections. I hadn’t the slightest idea it’d feel so good to have someone so close to me. Someone then decided to bang on the doors of my quarters again. Abruptly after the knock, Kylo Ren’s voiced boomed through the metal with enough force that he could’ve been shouting right in our ears. “Hux, I know damn well you’re in there! Who the hell do you think you are?!?” Hux put a little space in-between us, smiled, and whispered, “I believe he found out about the therapist.” “But you only mentioned it last night?” “I sent out a message to Phasma before I came over. She pulled through very quickly, it seems.” He looked off into a corner briefly, before letting go of me, throwing on his coat, and heading towards the door to deal with Ren. I reached for his arm before he could open the door, and he caught on. He placed his hand over mine and said, “I’ll be back, I promise.” And just like that, he was down the corridor with Ren by his side, both infuriated by each other. I closed the door behind me and immediately began to assess how oddly attractive I was suddenly starting to find Hux, and what the fuck I was gonna do about it. Notes: So sorry this took so long. Life's been pretty busy for me, and I've got a TON on my plate right now. That's beside the point, though, I wanted to make this chapter flow better, but frankly my love life is pretty shit lately. This fanfic is starting to mirror it. Which is fine? Chapter 3 : Thoroughly Modern Summary: Enjoy! xoxo Captain Phasma was an excellent spar. She was harsh, managing to undermine me several times. Every move she made against me hurt , and I genuinely enjoyed it. More framed more than I was, with broad shoulders and a tall built stature, I’ll admit I was a bit put off when she first took off her helmet. I didn't expect her to be her . Because it seemed like everyone and their mother was into voice modulators and acting all dark and mysterious on this goddamn base, I was under the impression that Captain Phasama was totally a dude. My thespianic expression had caught her attention, as she looked up from her helmet and chuckled. “A bit of a surprise, isn’t it?” Relieved she was so light-hearted on the topic, a lot more than I thought she'd be, I smiled and shook my head. “I meant no disrespect. It’s just your stature.” I said meekly. After our session, the Captain had retreated into her dome and asked me to accompany her back to the mapping room. We were anticipating a transmission from one of her squadrons. I slumped down into one of the roller chairs surrounding the mapping grid as the Captain loaded up a projection of the solar system we currently were traversing. “General?” Phasma had never addressed me that way. I turned my chair in the direction of her voice, which came from behind me. “Why did you take the job?” Simply. Firmly. I looked at the solid white floor she was standing on and gripped the armrests of the chair until my knuckles turned white. When I lifted my gaze back to her, she was in the same stance as when she posed the question. “To be honest, I don’t know.” Phasma seemed more displeased with my answer. I pressed to extend, hoping to satisfy her curiosity somewhat. “Why do you ask?” “I’m usually informed of all that happens within the First Order…” She stepped closer to me and narrowed her gaze. “Yet I know nothing of you.” I immediately pressed my left forefinger into my temple out of frustration and confusion. It didn’t feel like Phasma was lying for the sake of getting anything out of me. No one on this base knows who I am, or who I was beforehand. “You have my name.” I chimed sarcastically and facetiously, but she didn’t laugh. Neither did I. Instead, I sighed and gave her a real answer. “Hux asked me too. I owed him a favor.” “I mean no impudence, but what favor could you have done for him to receive a position of hierarchy in the First Order?” “Does it matter?” My answer seemed to trigger some further thought from her end. She set her stare across to the opposing side of the room. Just as I was about to say something, Kylo Ren walked in, followed by the little black parade that was his cape. “Captain, you are required at the observation deck.” His voice sizzled and hissed through the modulator. Relieved that I no longer had to keep up that conversation with Phasma, I got up and made my way out of the mapping room. She hadn’t spoken any words to me before she left, just a simple nod; and Ren had made it seem urgent since he didn’t send another trooper to fetch her. For the record, I hadn’t known the answer to that question myself. I was finally back in my room, after taking a few detours; for the sake of taking up time. My head began to hurt as it always did, and I felt my face grow hot. Then wet. Then salt. I was crying. For what reason? There was no purpose in being upset. Nothing. I’d only ever cry when I was inconceivably bored or frustrated. But I couldn’t be, not now, at least. My thoughts switched lanes and trekked towards Hux. I got that strangely flushed feeling in my stomach again, despite there not being any booze in me. Nor was he around. It was peculiar and sensational. My fantasies were cut short by a polite, light-hearted knock at my door. It was Ren. Opening the doors to him, I watched as he stiffly made his way further into my privacy. Maybe I should be polite this time, and not spit in his face. Or cause any blunt force trauma. It had been several weeks since our initial encounter, and I had yet to have much of interaction with Ren. He steered clear from me, and I had reciprocated. I didn’t feel the need to approach him at all. In fact, I thought I’d never have to speak with him again. He took off his mask and set it beside him. His frame made a pillar-like shadow on my white walls, it connected and stretched across the ceiling. “Have you been crying?” His voice shook me violently; it was still dark and profound, but much less textured. Like a ribbon of thick, lush velvet. He almost sounded entirely concerned. “No.” My voice was firm and followed closely by another tear down my neck. I caught his stare gliding down the side of my neck in sync with the teardrop making its way to the rising of my chest, and I began to feel a bit agitated. “Why are you here?” I pressed, with no hesitation. He looked at me, a little uncomfortable at first, but then eased as he began to speak. “I came to apologize about storming outside your quarters. I meant to address my displeasure with Hux. I didn’t realize you were present…” Inhaling sharply from my nose, I furrowed my brows toward his response. “It's quite alright….” I breathed out slowly, trying to picture why this was happening. “Since you’re here…I apologize for uh, spitting in your face.” He nodded in approval and then just kept staring at me. Now that he was under the artificial lights of my room, I was able to perceive his features accurately. I could only describe his physique as a jigsaw puzzle. He had a very lean frame, but his shoulders seemed far too broad. His ears were a little big for his face, and so was his nose. He was pleasant to look at. Well, at this point, stare at. “I think you should go now.” My words didn’t seem to offend him, as he just nodded and walked out the same door he came in. I listened for the click of the lock and dropped face first into my bed, praying for sleep. After a half hour in bed, I came to a fruitless conclusion. This was going to be another insomniac night. Instead of waiting until morning like I had become accustomed too, I decided to try something new. Wrapping a red silk robe around my shoulders, I ventured out into the now dim corridors. 6100-A, 6110-A, 6120-A, 6130-A, 6140-A… As I pressed further into the 6 th wing, I started to feel neurotic as I reassured myself this wouldn’t be an entirely shit idea. 6266-B. My knocks felt far too delicate to be heard, yet I heard rummaging coming from the opposing side of the door. I rocked back and forth on my heels, waiting in anticipation for the ginger on the other side to let me in. “It’s like two in the morning, can’t it wait?” He froze and blinked several times at the sight of me. “I can’t sleep,” I whispered, biting my lip as I finished. Hux let me in and closed the door behind him. He was shirtless again, wearing nothing but a pair of black trousers. I took my robe off and set it on his couch, faintly recalling the first time I had sat on it. I felt him stir behind me. Trying to block the placid stream of consciousness coming from his head, I walked across the room to his bed, bigger than I remembered it to be. Immediately, I let myself fall into the northern quarter of his bed. After a bit, his weight sunk the sheets underneath me. I desperately wanted to move towards him. Although the scotch-like warmth had already nestled in my stomach, I wanted to engulf myself in him. I started to question whether or not it was wrong of me to come over, but after he had his hand on my back, I stopped thinking altogether. Little bumps formed across my skin, where his hand was. A little hum stirred from the base of my throat, and I wondered whether or not it was audible enough for him to hear it. “Ren’s psychologist arrived a little while ago and met with him…” He then proceeded to rub my back gently. “That must’ve been why he came to me and apologized.” “Did he now?” I hadn’t realized I was thinking out load. I rolled over, removing my face from the sheets, and instead facing him. Propping myself up on my elbows, so that I leveled him, I looked into his eyes. The minimal light coming from a small lamp on the opposing bedside reflected from his green eyes. “Did you mean what you said? When you came into my room, and we were…we were-“ I was having trouble finding the right words. I’ve never been one to initiate a conversation, especially not one that had these kinds of implications. He pulled me into him so that my legs were on his lap and my head against the crook of his neck. “Yes. Have you been thinking about it?” His lips grazed my ear with every articulation, and he stroked my hair. I pulled away from his chest to face him. “I don’t know why. It’s not like I have prior experience, you know. But attraction is just a chemical reaction that’s romanticized…and I know that, but-“ “You’re rambling.” He interjected, in a sing-song tone. “What?” I asked, offended by his tone of voice. “I’m not just saying it.” He hummed back. “Let me remind you; you’re the one who got on his knees when you first saw my face.” “And let me remind you , that you’re the one who’s in bed with me , in my bedroom.” I pulled myself off of him completely, stumbled off the bed, and stuck out my middle finger. “Why don’t you come over here instead?” Cheeky fucker. “No, fuck you.” I especially made sure to draw out the last two syllables. “Fuck me?” He asked teasingly. I ended up giving in and sitting at his bedside with several bottles of liquor for added company. For the first time of my life, I underwent a lack of control because of alcohol. My jokes weren’t as articulate as they were with the first sip, and eventually, there wasn’t even a punch-line. The distance I had kept from him soon came to a tight close as well, as my legs found themselves tangled up in his and one of his hands snaked its way up and down my thighs. Our conversation died rather slowly, and I found myself waltzing around the perimeter of his quarters to an inaudible tune. It had to be well past 4 AM. “Why aren’t you dancing with me?” Giggling, I waltzed over to him and tugged at his hands. He looked at me as if he were considering, then got up and wrapped his hands around my waist. “Because I’m too busy thinking about fucking you.” As he spoke, he grazed his lips against my ear and tightened his grasp on my hips. Too drunk to respond coherently, I merely snickered and swayed gently with him. “Look at me.” His voice had become softer, yet just as intense. I giggled again and tilted my head upwards. He leaned in ever so slowly as if he was giving me a chance to pull away. But my depth perception was so off; I couldn’t move away if I wanted to. Frankly, I wasn’t sure whether I wanted to or not. What I do know, was that he was stalling like a motherfucker. I moved my hands from his shoulders to the back of his head and pulled him further onto me. I didn’t know what I was doing, so I just waited for him to do…something. At first, he just pressed his lips against mine; which were ridiculously soft. He began easing into it, pulling back softly and then pushing forward again. I felt odd and out of place, with his arms wrapped around me. The atmosphere around us was so silent; time could’ve stopped entirely, and it wouldn't be apparent. Abruptly, he pulled away from me. I whined in objection and waited for him to continue kissing me. Only he didn't. I opened my eyes to see why he was hesitating and found him staring at me. The look in his eyes was almost lustrous. There was a curiously profound sense of longing in his expression. It was so foreign, I felt as though I had done something wrong. “Is-“ He cut me off before I could ask. This time, he was explicitly meticulous in the way he kissed me. Hux tasted even better this time, and I slowly began kissing him back. Barely maintaining contact with my skin, he guided one of his hands up my back, my neck, and eventually took hold of me entirely, running his fingers heatedly through the locks of my hair. The new friction rose tiny hills under my skin, and I felt my chest rise significantly when he gently brushed the tip of his tongue on my bottom lip. I couldn’t breathe. I made a little noise when I had pulled away to breathe because Hux thought I had lost my balance and in an attempt to keep a better hold of me, he gripped my backside rather firmly. I leaned into him again, and he met my lips with equal grace. Eventually, we made our way to his ocean of sheets, and I nestled against him as if my life depended on it. I lost consciousness almost immediately. Chapter 4 : Them Changes Summary: The Starkiller base gets attacked, along with your neverending independent ego. You also find out it's ridiculously easy to develop an eating disorder when you don't pay enough attention to yourself. Cheers. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) I was in the middle of getting an actual night’s worth of rest when I got disrupted by the ongoing theme of knocking at my door 5 hours into the morning. My willpower to sleep had considerably dwindled since I boarded the ship; not that I had slept all that often beforehand. The knock bounced through my fogged brain and rattled my teeth. I felt like I was starting to catch a cold. With a graceful sense of urgency, I threw my night robe on and spread my sheets somewhat neatly. The knock was present again, but it sounded more urgent this time. Before opening the door, I took a knife from my old things that had I kept huddled in my closet and stuffed it in with my boot. It was Captain Phasma. And she looked more distressed than a minor second interval. I opened my mouth to speak, but she pushed me inside and locked the door behind her. “Listen quick and listen well. Someone on the base right now is a rebel spy. They’ve been able to intercept our course and alert the rest of the resistance. A couple of fleets are on their way right now. General Hux has asked me to escort you immediately onto an escape ship and get you to the Finalizer.” It took me a couple of seconds to properly grasp the last sentence. “I am not going anywhere.” “With all due respect- “I cut her off. “No, fuck that. No one is going to send me away to escape from anything.” The captain was unfazed by my response. She merely shrugged and trusted a blaster in my hand. Heading down the corridors was chaos. Stormtroopers were running in every which way, seemingly under minimal direction. Some rebels were present. Things were on fire. It looked like a battlefield in every sense of the word. I spotted a short one, on the floor with his leg bent morbidly. Pushing bodies and debris out of the way, I noticed he was still alive and actively shooting. He couldn’t see me coming from behind him. I picked up the pace and fought alongside Phasma, killing rebels in pairs of two. All too soon, the blaster Phasma had tossed me ran out of ammunition. There wasn’t enough time for me to pop in another clip, and there were still a few rebels crawling through the 6 th wing. I hastily recalled the blade I had tucked in my shoe and drove towards a rebel who had snuck up on Phasma. The sick and guttural noises that came from his body had startled her, she turned and looked at me narrowly. She pushed me to her right and shot behind me. Another body hit the floor. My night robe was now stained with blood and filled with holes. “We’re going to the observation deck.” Phasma lead the way, stepping over corpses. A scream of agony reverberated in the walk to the observation deck, Phasma and I rushed to find the source. Kylo Ren was standing center with nearly a dozen rebel bodies surrounding him. Above us, there was another, levitating and struggling to breathe. With a small flick of Ren’s wrist, his body flew into the wall and fell flat on the ground. “That was the last of them; Hux went after the spy.” He seemed unfazed. Instead, he was looking straight at me with all the intensity of the galaxy. He grabbed me by the elbow and pulled me out of the deck. Phasma made a gesture to follow, and Ren raised his other hand to dismiss her. She walked away. “I need to speak with you urgently.” He whispered. I decided not to add a snarky reply and follow compliantly. After two lefts and one right, he stopped in the middle of the hall and let go of my arm. “This is paramount.” “I’m listening.” Ren took off his helmet and shook his head. His curly hair waltzed across his face with each motion. “Listen, you’re stronger than I anticipated. It’s obvious you’ve trained because I’ve seen you use it. So, regardless of why you’ve been here, now you’re needed. This proposition isn’t a favor for Hux anymore. It should be apparent enough that you are already in a plethora of danger…” He stopped and stared at the ground. He seemed confused; like he had trouble finding the right words to say. “But you can handle yourself, and the First Order is currently in a shortage of skilled individuals. I could mentor you.” I eyed him expectantly, trying to decide what in the fuck he was going on about, and why any of this had happened in the first place. My silence caused Kylo to fidget and have another go. “ I’m asking you to please consider my suggestion, in hopes of furthering your efficient use of the Force.” Those therapy sessions have been doing a number on him. “I’d need to think about it.” It took me a while to come up the answer, but it ultimately was best to get some sleep on it before diving into something like that. My life just kept branching into different directions. “_!” Hux called, from behind Kylo. He stepped closer and wrapped his arms around me. I looked up at Ren who appeared to be rather uncomfortable by Hux’s unexpected display of affection. Out of nowhere, Hux took my face into one of his hands and kissed me thoroughly, as if Kylo wasn’t even there. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Ren’s jaw clench like a makeshift animal trap. It almost made me want to laugh. I proceeded to return Hux’s kiss and slowly picked up on what he was thinking. Seemingly so, Kylo could feel it too. Abruptly, I was engulfed in an all-too-intense feeling of haughtiness and control. The feeling caused my face to flush with heat and a general sense of slight embarrassment. Watching men assert their dominance was a pastime that I hadn’t had the luxury of partaking in, but it seemed to be quite the sport. “It’s impossible; you couldn’t get through that many heads on your own.” “That is exactly why I need you.” The morning after the rebel invasion Kylo had called me into a barren conference room east of the 5 th wing. I assumed he wanted a concrete answer on whether or not I was going to help him or not. I was only partially correct. He most definitely needed my help, but the matter was entirely different. The whistleblower had been captured and bound in an interrogation room somewhere below us, and Ren proved convinced the only reasonable way to get around this was to interrogate the aggressor along with everyone else aboard the ship. And by interrogating, he meant using the Force to invade their minds, but all I could hear was ‘waste of time.' It made no sense to put all the effort into reading the minds of so many people. It’d be highly exhausting, and it would take more time than it was worth. Eventually, Ren just stopped responding and insisted I go to the room the whistleblower was held in along with him. “You’re expecting me to do this with you? At the same time?” Instead of giving me a reply, he began to walk. And so I followed. “How do you do it?” “What?” Preoccupied with counting all the door frames we had passed by, the sudden break of silence caught me by surprise. “Reading.” “I-uh, just listen? And sometimes feel?” That was not the answer he was expecting to hear. “That doesn’t make sense, elaborate.” He came off as very demanding, and I searched for a way to adequately describe it without sounding incoherent. I thought back to when I first did it, or rather, allowed myself to do it. Other people’s thoughts, feelings, and minds were always open and there. I could feel them, in a metaphysical sense. I had a friend, a companion, that I did business with. He would teach me things; how to speak to people, how to detach myself from them, how to be efficient and purposeful. The day of my birthday, something went wrong with a job he was taking care of. He hardly came back to me, with his veins poking through his skin in black tint. I clearly recalled gripping the helm of his collar in agony, as I experienced his suffocation and eventual death with him. As he was dying, I saw the woman that kissed the poison into him. Kylo cleared his throat. The way he read people was terrifying. We had stepped into the room, and he didn’t bother speaking to the man strapped in the metal chair. Instead, he just pressed his palm against the man’s head. Immediately, the man began to scream. The sound reached my ears much sooner than I could process it coming, I shut my eyes tightly in recoil. Against the man’s agonizing cries, I could hear Kylo chanting beneath him. “Let me in. Let me in. Let me in.” The man in the chair must’ve taken all he could because the screaming stopped abruptly. I opened my eyes to an exceedingly frustrated Kylo Ren. “This always fucking happens! ” He yelled, slamming his fists against the wall beside him. “In the least opportune moments, right when I have no time to spare…” Instead of yelling, Ren’s voice has devolved into a growl and turned towards me. “Forget this for right now, go back to whatever the fuck it is you do.” He rose a hand and left before I could respond. I wondered quietly to myself if the man let him in. I eyed the man carefully and placed my left hand on the metal brace around his neck. I felt the tip of my pinky graze his skin and instantaneously I felt a surge of terrible heat consume my body. Suddenly, I was in a bar. Present was chatter and the thick stench of tobacco. Men surrounded me, laughing, drinking. I had an unconscious woman in my lap. She had thick, fresh bruises on her face and neck. I tried shaking her awake but then found myself back in the interrogation room, soaked in a cold sweat. The sudden change of environment made me dizzy. I flinched my hand away and left before the man could wake up. As I attempted to sleep that night, I grew incredibly curious. I wanted desperately to see the rest of that memory. “I need you with me for this.” I tried to sound like I wasn’t nervous, but I was. The prior experience was the first time in years I’ve felt some natural curiosity. Hux put the nervousness to rest by placing his hands on my waist. Instead of replying, he gave me a gentle kiss and gestured me towards the door to the interrogation room. The woman wasn’t on my lap again. She had her arms and legs tied behind her torso. This memory was earlier to the one I had experienced prior because she didn’t have the bruises. I could see her face clearly. She looked too familiar. I was beginning to feel very sick. All the time. Sometimes I’d have to leave meetings to vomit, coming back when they’d already dismissed, and I had to be rebriefed. Occasionally it would happen during the night, forcing me to wake up and stumble to the nearest toilet and hurl. Once in a while, I’d pull away from Hux and lock myself up in the bathroom, far too embarrassed to let him see me like this. I had been eating way less than normally and didn’t think of it as a problem. I never really felt hungry anymore. Whenever I did eat, I’d just throw it up. I refused to visit the medical wing for a full week before giving up. Apparently, I looked atrocious. The constant vomiting had me horribly dehydrated, enough so that I started hallucinating. I woke in one of the most overly lit sterile rooms I had ever seen in my entire life. The walls were far too bright. It almost hurt to look at them. Hux wanted to visit me badly. He’d leave notes and watch me sleep via hologram. It was just his luck I was never conscious when he had the time. Over the course of several breaks into consciousness, I was able to make a vague conclusion of what had happened to me. According to one of the doctors who was in charge of me and the droid he was speaking to, my lack of eating had caused my stomach to react negatively to food. And not eating for prolonged periods of time had caused my body to start slowly breaking down. Thinking about it too much made me feel pathetic. I had developed an eating disorder without even being aware of it. After what felt like a few weeks, I was finally able to prop myself on my elbows and stay awake for a couple of minutes at a time. As soon as I was well enough for visits, Hux and I got into an argument. “Am I not allowed to be worried about you?” “Why would you be? I’m not even a permanent figure in your life. I’m only doing this because it was the only viable option I had. It had to happen.” “Because I chose for it to happen!” “Yeah well, I choose for you to leave. So get the fuck out, and don’t come back until you’re less of a pompous piece of shit!” As his face sunk, he took a couple of steps back and left. He didn’t even slam the door. Hux came in as soon as he heard I was coherent enough, and healthy enough, for real visitors. He started spewing a bunch of romantic bullshit about ‘loving me’, not feeling like himself while I was in bed, and being sorry for not paying more attention to me. All of it made me feel annoyed, and I snapped at him. It felt like he wasn’t aware of me being independent. I didn’t need or want him to be at my every beck and call, showering me with roses and promises of good fortune. In fact, I didn’t even want to be here. I looked up at the IV that was hooked up to my inner left arm and then back at the door. One of the nurses walked in just then. “Your heart rate went up a bit, are you alright General?” “You will remove this IV and unlock the doors.” She abruptly came to my left bedside and undid the IV, leaving a small red dot on my skin. She left quickly and left the doors behind her open. I hurriedly rummaged through the room, looking for my belongings. Every shuffling sound and footstep had me on edge. After I had found them, I made it my top priority to get the fuck off of the Finalizer, and get as far away from these unwanted emotional strains as I possibly could. Notes: Holy Moly! It's been awhile, but school's over (for now), so you can expect this month to have a couple of chapters pumped through! This chapter was quite a mess, as suggested by the title, inspired by a song I like that has a lot of weird tonal chord changes. Regardless, I tried to cram a couple of things in here as a basis of what's to come, writer's block hit me pretty hard for weeks, and I couldn't think of anything AT ALL. I hope you guys enjoy anyways, and if you have any critiques or something doesn't flow well, please let me know! I love to hear from people! Chapter 5 : Her Summary: Kylo Ren has inexplicably immense and profound feelings about you. Let's explore them. Notes: Sorry my loves, I've been super busy. I'm back from my vacation, but band rehearsals picked up immediately afterward. I hoped that I could upload a bit more frequently since there's a lot of work to be done on my part, but time just catches up on 'ya. Anywho, I hope it's not too much of a letdown, as I do fully intend on finishing this story. This chapter was written in a new point of view, as I'm trying to explore ways of improving the diversity in my writing. I hope this little experiment proves to be fruitful in both my learning and your enjoyment. As always, feedback is greatly appreciated. (Especially on this chapter.) Kylo Ren had tried very hard to keep himself isolated since she had boarded the ship. She was far too much for him to take in. Hux had brought her, and no matter how many times Ren had thought he’d come to a sound conclusion, he was never sure whether it was to spite him, or if Hux had become soft. Never the less, she was the biggest distraction he had ever encountered. Ren continuously assured himself that there would never be anything like it. The emotions that consumed him were peculiar, to say the least. He wanted to know what her skin felt like. So much, in fact, that he’d sometimes caress his flesh as if it were her’s. He wanted to know what caused her voice to sound so dulcet and velvet-like. He’d often spend nights whispering to himself, trying to match the alto pitches with his baritone. It’d just make him hungry and restless. He wanted to know what she tasted like, so he stopped eating and drinking for a whole week. He had hoped it would convince his body that he couldn’t taste anything anymore. It only made the thought of her taste heavier on his conscious. All of it was driving Kylo mad. He was going insane with the insatiable thoughts of a woman who wanted nothing to do with him. Efforts on her end to avoid him were unmistakable. As the weeks passed by, Master Snoke had taken notice to his apprentice’s predicament. For one day, mid-meditation session, he interrupted Kylo with a very incriminating question. “Are you aware you’re just making yourself miserable and unfocused?” Kylo immediately broke out of his state. “You know nothing, Kylo. Nothing at all.”And with that, Snoke had sent him away. These words would frequent the conflicted Knight of Ren more than the moons of Jupiter. Despite the stand-offish response of his master and his own better judgment, Kylo grew weary with want. He’d watch her whenever she wasn’t aware. She slowly became somewhat complacent about her situation and her nights would frequent themselves with Hux. Then she began to wilt. Her face was the first telltale sign of her discomfort. Kylo doubted it at first, assuming it was the time of the month or her nights merging with days. But it got worse. She often had opted out of meetings, stayed much more quiet than usual, and spent her nights alone. Again, it appeared reasonable at first. Until she stopped showing up in the mornings at all. Kylo hadn’t heard her voice in a full week. The last he’d seen of her, she was apparently sick and was being taken cared of. Five days had gone by. The shouting coming from the room she was staying in surprised Ren. He had decided he wanted to pass by and get a glimpse of her but now didn’t seem quite opportune. As he neared the door, silence had taken over. Hux quietly swept past by Ren, without even acknowledging him. Instead of pressing forward, entering the woman’s room, Kylo found himself feeling uncomfortable. Right now, it was evident that there was something wrong. As Ren recalled, the general had never looked as decomposed as he did when he walked past Ren; and was bound to unravel in all the alcohol he kept in his bedroom. Although it appeared to be the perfect time to slip into a crevice created by the new circumstance, Kylo felt scared. For the first time in his life. Fear was an emotion he was so used to controlling. He instilled it upon others. And yet, he was scared. He didn’t know her. She could react a thousand different ways and Kylo wouldn’t have the wits nor the composure to deal with every possible response; because he couldn’t guarantee she’d accept and behave accordingly. Otherwise, it’d be no fun. And it had consumed too much of him. What kind of man would he be if he gave up on something he hadn’t even fully started? Kylo turned on his heel and went back to his quarters, filled with a determination met by no other. It was the next stage of his pitfall. That of which he could recognize. It was obsessive. Not too intensely, but enough to be distinguishable from previous feelings. Kylo made his way to General Hux’s office nearing 3 AM. He didn’t bother knocking, and invited himself in; knowing very well that Hux would be unconscious and hungover. The man had fallen on his couch with an empty bottle in his hand. His head was inches from the ground and his legs rested against the armrest of the sofa. Ren made his way over to the end where Hux’s head lay, and lightly placed his fingers against his temples. There she was. Gracious. The argument hadn’t been too bad. There was a certain grit to her voice that felt sharp. She sounded annoyed, maybe even hurt. Or she was an excellent liar. Kylo drew himself away from the memory before Hux could raise his voice. Maybe he shouldn’t have. But he evidently wanted to. Her room was empty. She had taken all her things and disappeared. Kylo didn’t hesitate in looking for her. Asking Captain Phasma would’ve been embarrassing if he hadn’t been for his now unsettling obsession. “Why do you want to know?” She raised an eyebrow and looked very surprised. Kylo was grateful he was wearing his helmet because he just might’ve been flushed. “She hasn’t responded to my offer of training her, and her medical log has been empty for the past seven hours.” There it was again. That insatiable want. His comment would’ve received a much more interesting response if Phasma and _ hadn’t gotten so well acquainted. Instead of a witty remark, the Captain’s face dropped immediately. “I’m going check the ship’s departures.” Captain Phasma nearly stepped out of earshot before Ren could reply. “You think she’d leave?” Without moving her body, Phasma gave a slit tilt of her head and spoke carefully. “I know her a hell of a lot better than you do.” Captain Phasma was absolutely right. At 3:52 AM, an unscheduled and uncleared ship left. It was a cargo ship, with no passengers detected on board. “Do you have any idea where she might’ve gone?” Kylo would’ve been digging holes into his temples if it weren’t for his gloves. “The nearest planet is quite a ways if we leave now we might catch up to her before she reaches the nearest solar system. The cargo ships aren’t designed to go too far.” Kylo paid petite attention to the next couple of sentences that came out of her mouth. He was feeling too angry to focus on anything. That is until the Captain mentioned General Hux. “He will remain in the fleet and oversee it until we return. There will be no mention of it to him.”As he spoke, he slammed his fist against the arm of the chair he was sitting in. Thankfully, Captain Phasma left him alone and began sending orders out for the ship they were going to take. The only thing on his mind was getting his soon-to-be apprentice back. He paid no mind to how sickeningly obsessed he had become. Turned a blind eye to the premature and now extinct feelings of embarrassment that had left traces of themselves in his thoughts. He knew exactly what he wanted, and exactly how to get it. Nothing in the universe was ever going to stop him. And as the excitement of seeing her face filled him with heat and longing, Kylo sat. Heavy; but light. High on his throne of want.