Hux I Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The biggest problem with Hunger Games, Hux had decided, was how much of an organizational nightmare they were. It was unavoidable, he supposed, given the sheer size of this event but still, it seemed almost silly. He had been expecting insane amount of work, as the director of this thing, he just hadn't thought he would have to deal with stylists and hairdressers and bloody TV crews. Well, not that he was dealing with them personally - no matter what anyone said, he was much too busy with the actual planning of the arena and the many, many traps he designed to keep the viewers entertained. It all had to be done beforehand and he wouldn't relegate this to any lackey. This was the fun part after all, and more importantly a chance to show what he was capable of. He would rather be damned than allow any incompetent fool to fuck it up because they were too busy thinking about yesterday's dinner to pay attention to the fine details. It was the fact that he had to deal with absolutely unnecessary PR stuff on top of that that was the problem. He even understood the need to schedule interviews and TV appearances and stylist appointments for the tributes. It wouldn't do for them to die before the audience could form the emotional connection and get some closure from all that, and they all died so easily. But he did struggle to understand why did he have to get interviewed. In the prime time, no less, and with Watto of all creatures. Right before the Games, too, like he didn't have anything to do while organizing, oh, the biggest event of his entire career . At least the media exposure would be good for him, objectively speaking, even if he did detest playing "the eager to prove himself boy" for the Coruscant. It couldn't be really helped, though. And it all would work out with a carefully planned schedule and even more carefully prepared relegation of the tasks. Mitaka could handle the arrangement of the media circus and Hux could focus on planning how to effectively murder a group of children in around a two weeks time (and it did require planning to keep some of them alive for so long) and then he could go and smile at the cameras for half an hour and he would have the most memorable Games of the last ten years on his resume when all this would be over. Well, at least if Ren didn't fuck up all of his plans, as he usually did. The problem with Kylo Ren wasn't, strictly speaking, one problem. More accurately, all of him was a problem and the whole Galaxy would be a better place without his existence. Preparing Games certainly would be easier, as Ren was the worst trainer to ever grace them, and considering that all of them were seasoned killers, that was saying something. Still, the rest of them didn't have to be kept from murdering their charges before the Games even began. It didn't exactly help that Ren, besides being homicidal maniac, was Coruscant's sweetheart and president Snoke's little protégé. Fuck knows why, because brutally murdering a group of children at fifteen in impressively short amount of time shouldn't be a way into anyone's heart. But then again, the Games were the most viewed event of a year on Coruscant and the victors usually did end up as a celebrities for a short while, before the public got bored of them and inevitably they ended up back in whatever gutter they crawled out of. So it figured that Ren, whose performance in the Games was nothing if not memorable, would still be widely recognizable and cozy with the société and the president himself, even twelve years later. The last part wasn't really surprising - Snoke was many things, most of them atrocious, and he certainly was crafty when it came to power, so of course he would be using Ren until he squeezed the last drop of political value out of him. It was fucking irritating, though, because Hux couldn't exactly have the Games without the most beloved victor as a trainer, who was also a murderous diva and a lapdog of a most powerful person in this part of Galaxy - and who without any doubt would run to complain the second he didn't like something. Probably destroying at least a thousand credits worth of equipment on his way there. And that was without taking into account Hux's own, ah, personal matters with Ren. Who, knowing him, will probably take them very much into account, and compensate by being twice as much uncooperative and destructive and emotionally unstable. Hux supposed that at least whatever tribute that got Ren as a trainer could benefit from the additional attention of the public and sponsors. Provided they got out of training alive. Phasma found him at the most opportune moment, as she usually did. Opportune for her, obviously, because he had been busy and her just showing up like that was fucking irritating, and she knew that, but he hadn't been busy enough to just ignore her. It probably helped he was still kind of wary of her, even after years of what would've counted as friendship if the two of them were any other kind of people. It wasn't the fact she was a victor and easily capable of killing him - he dealt with murderers on a daily basis and he could handle himself. It wasn't the physical aspect - if he was intimidated by that, he probably would've been scared of Ren, which was just plain ridiculous. But Phasma, on top of being a six foot and six inches of perfectly trained muscle, seemed to have almost supernatural sense when it came to pinpointing bullshit. She was also quite literally immovable, stubborn as a mule and utterly resistant to any mind games. And she wasn't afraid of Hux, which chafed him. So when she walked into his office in the middle of a workday - which didn't matter anyway, because it was three weeks to the start of the Games and so any day was a workday and he didn't have time for this - he just glared at her through the hologram displayed above his desk. It didn't faze her in the slightest, of course, she just sat on his couch and stared at him patiently. He could just as well finish working on the design; Phasma wouldn't move until she got what she wanted. "Shouldn't you be halfway to Arkanis by now?" He asked, after he saved the changes and closed the hologram. The weapon was a close to perfect as it could physically get, looking at it for any longer wouldn't help. At this point he could as well give Phasma whatever she came here for and then move onto the things that actually required his attention. "No. The reaping there isn't for another week. I won't be leaving for another two days. Which you know, of course. You scheduled it all yourself." Phasma looked coolly amused and completely unbothered be his obvious irritation. "Well, yes, it may occur to you that I don't remember all the dates." "It may occur to me that you're lying." "Phasma" Hux said, with a tone of warning in his voice. "If you want me gone, you may think of a better excuse. Saying you don't remember something about the Games is not even remotely believable. You can do better." Phasma's expression didn't change, of course. "You won't leave now, no matter what I say." "Don't sound so cross. I only wanted to see how you felt. First time organizing the Games, so much on the line. It can be... stressful." Phasma said the last word as if it was a completely new and somehow unpleasant concept and she wasn't sure she used the term correctly. "I am perfectly fine." "Are you? I am glad, then." "Yes. Are we done?" She couldn't possibly come here just to ask him that. "And how is Ren?" Phasma asked, with a tone of voice one might use to ask about weather. She also blinked, very slowly. Hux considered throwing his datapad at her. It would be quite useless and only serve to amuse her, but the urge was there. He firmly reminded himself that such urges were beneath him. "How" he drawled "am I supposed to know that." "Weren't you with him yesterday?" "Ren left for Jakku yesterday. Thankfully. And he won't be back for another two weeks, which I am even more thankful for." "So you do remember the dates." Phasma looked utterly delighted, for some reason. Either she was really happy that he remembered when the reapings were supposed to take place - like there was any doubt about that, of course he remembered - or she took great pleasure in this conversation. Unlike him. Sometimes he wondered why he even talked with Phasma. "In any case" she continued "you must've seen him before he left. Probably a great deal of him." "Why are we talking about this." He asked in a level voice. It took effort. "Because I want to know what you're going to do with it. This is also professional interest, you know. If you're going to play with Ren's tribute, then I can use that with mine." Phasma was visibly pleased with herself. "I am not doing anything and there is nothing to be done with. And we are not having this conversation." "You see, that's why you do need to relax." "I do not need to do anything." He could throw her out, probably. It wasn't going to look very dignified, but he could do it. "You're only pissed because you and Kylo are together, and now you will have to work with him, and you hate working with people you even care about, much less are in relationships with. You think it's unprofessional." "Ren and I aren't together. We have periods when we can manage to be in one room together, but they are few and far between. And it is unprofessional. So is Ren, for that matter." "You get awfully worked up about this." "We are done ." Phasma just laughed. Of fucking course. Interview with Watto was, predictably, thoroughly unpleasant. That was possibly due to the fact that Watto himself was thoroughly unpleasant - a slimy, canny creature, utterly charming on the camera, utterly loathsome out of it. And Hux had to humble himself before him. "...the Hunger Games are our tradition, now. They come from a painful part of our history, from the rebellion and civil war, a collapse of our civilisation, a time of trail for our beliefs. But we emerged from it victorious and stronger, with certainty we will not fail again, and the Games are a proof of that. They show us a true meaning of sacrifice, of why the sacrifice is needed, they remind us of our roots. The Games are the very core of what we are." There was a moment of silence, after, when his words sunk in. And then the audience bursted into an applause, as Watto nodded a few times, his face solemn. It was all scheduled, of course - there's no time for improvisation on a live broadcast to all parts of the Order - but they were charmed nevertheless and Hux allowed himself a small smile. This rush of power, of commanding people with his words, was just a taste of things to come. After the Games he will have them eating out of his hand. "Well, now, this is your first time as a Gamemaker and I'm, for one, absolutely dying to know what you have in mind for us!" Watto smiled, in a way that was probably supposed to be warm and inviting, but his face wasn't really made for it, so he just looked cunning instead. "So? What are you planning? You can tell us, it will be our little secret." "Oh, Watto" Hux laughed a little. "You know I truly cannot do that. It would spoil the surprise. You will just have to be patient for a little while longer." "That's a man made of stone! That's a man! Nothing moves you, doesn't it? But! You can't keep us hanging like that! You simply must give us something." "Oh, I can tell you one thing - it will be an absolute killer." Notes: All the criticism is very, very welcome. Chapter 2 : Rey Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey didn't remember the moment her name was called during the reaping. She wasn't expecting to be reaped - but truth to be told probably no one expected to be reaped. It's just wasn't a thing that happened to you. It happened to other people on other planets, and who knew how many planets were even in the Order? More than half a Galaxy. So even if the Games were held every year, there were only twenty four tributes in there, which meant twenty four planets, chosen seemingly at random. And Jakku was only sun and sand and forgotten even in this, so nobody remembered if the reaping ever took place there. Until now. It was kind of funny, if you thought about it, because living on Jakku was living a slow death, and being alone meant that she could die of hunger or thirst or robbery or falling of one of the ships she was scavenging and no one would even notice her corpse. Yet here she was, on her way to die before the eyes of millions, at the heart of Galaxy. On a flight to Coruscant - and that she remembered quite clearly - Unamo had told her she should be proud, for it would be glorious death, like the warriors of old, and even more glorious victory, if she could achieve it. And in any case, shouldn't she be glad to get a chance to see something besides that pit of sand some called a planet? What waited for her was a sight not many got to see, ultimately. Coruscant, a heart of the Order, brightest planet in the universe. And only the best of what she had to offer would do for her tributes. Unamo herself, with her cutting cheekbones and eerily pale skin and eyes, certainly did seem more at home around finery of Coruscant than in the harsh sun of Jakku. More relaxed, too, if such a thing was possible with her military bearing. Friendlier, even. Less like a statue she appeared on Jakku. Which was just as well - from what Rey gathered, Unamo would be her primary guide in all of this, preparing her for what awaited her even before the arena. And that was - interviews? Public appearances? Some sort of training? Unamo had a checklist and she has been talking excessively about one thing or another, but all of it just seemed bizarre to Rey. Being paraded around Coruscant didn't seem all that important when she would be facing her death in a few days anyway. But it was, well, kind of comforting, she supposed, to be sitting here in a luxurious apartment. One of the walls was all windows and the view was breathtaking - a glittering city, shining its own light, seemingly endless. It wasn't like anything she has ever seen before. The interior was just as beautiful, with plush pillows and tastefully arranged flowers. Plates of sophisticated snacks which names she couldn't pronounce, just waiting to be tasted. And Unamo's melodious voice, chattering quietly about meeting a stylist or something similarly inconsequential. It seemed unreal. Eerie, like a dream of falling into another world. World filled with wastefulness beyond what she could imagine, with more food in one room then she saw during a month on Jakku. It made the Games seem unreal, too, which might have been the point. Like she could stay here, in this elegant box. Like death was something that wouldn't happen. The one thing that didn't fit in this serenity was the black, uneven silhouette of her mentor. Kylo Ren was a living reminder of what was ahead of her. He was very tall, and dark, and he looked like he wouldn't have any trouble with killing everyone around him. There was just... Something off in his expression, like a danger lurking underwater. He also couldn't be thirty yet; probably closer to twenty five. The only good thing about him was that he didn't seem to pay any attention to her. He looked bored, instead, and unlike Unamo he didn't speak at all. The only words she heard him say was quietly condescending "Is that her? " directed to Unamo, when he first saw Rey back on Jakku. But his voice was very soft. Still, even his presence was disconcerting. Like a crow or a reaper. Against opulence of Coruscant he crashed, a dark stain on an ornate fabric. Rey wondered whether she seemed so disjointed, too. If she stood next to Ren, would they look similar, or even more out of place? "You can change it." Unamo's voice startled her out of her thoughts. "What?" "The view. You can change it." Unamo repeated with the same tone she used to explain everything else. "It can be something more familiar. A desert, perhaps? Or maybe something new?" Rey could swear she heard a quiet snort from Ren, but when she looked back at him he was sitting in the same pose as before, ostensibly disinterested in what was going on around him. Unamo didn't seem to think it strange. "So? What do you want it to be?" "It should stay as it is." Meeting with a stylist did seem like an absolute waste of time. Rey had no idea how putting her into fine clothes and making her look like a pampered citizen of Coruscant was supposed to prepare her for fighting in the arena, but it did come with the added advantage of being away from Ren and Unamo. The latter of the two had been following her like a particularly suspicious shadow since they left Jakku, so being without her, even for a moment, was a relief. It did made her nervous, though. This would be just another person to poke and prod her into a shape they wanted, with no concern for her wishes. Or the fact that she was a person and not a droid to be programmed to act and look certain way. Meeting the army of beauticians beforehand was painful enough. The stylist would be, apparently, a part of her team and responsible for all of her outfits, including the one she would wear during the Games. Unamo seemed to think this was a serious matter. Rey just wondered how many people were necessary to prepare what was, in reality, a bunch of children murdering each other. Poe Dameron turned out to be unreasonably attractive in a distinctly un-Coruscant way and freakishly nice. He was charming, which might have not been surprising if he didn't feel honest at the same time. He didn't fit in with what Rey has seen of the capitol planet so far, but that may be why they got along so well. He abandoned plans of elaborate dresses after one look at her, focusing instead on simpler designs. They haven't even talked about fashion, not really. Poe asked her questions that sounded nearly nonsensical, like her childhood memories and stories told on Jakku. It was... nice. Like he wanted to get to know Rey, not the girl who was a tribute. It felt like she could trust him. "I am really sorry this happened to you." Said Poe, seemingly out of blue, looking at her with his amazingly brown eyes. She just finished telling him about how she used to put on an old helmet and pretend to be a pilot back on Jakku and this... This was abrupt. "Sorry for what? Why?" Rey didn't think he had ever done anything that could possibly offend her. "The Games. You being here. The fact that you have to participate in this." Poe smiled, sad and quiet, and kept sketching in notebook he brought with him. Old-fashioned, charcoal on paper. Somehow, of all she knew about him, this felt least surprising. It fit him. "Most people here seem to think this is a golden opportunity for me." "Most people here don't think of the arena as something that's happening for real. They see people dying in the Games and think of entertainment and they see people dying out of them and don't think of it at all." He seemed serious, now. "Coruscant is a rotten place." "Isn't it... unsafe? For you to say that?" Rey didn't expect this conversation to go like this. "That I don't like the Games? Of course it is, but I'm not the only one who thinks like that. And this place isn't monitored." Poe made a motion with his hand encompassing a clinical room they were in. "They like to think of it as giving the tributes privacy. But outside of here we won't be able to talk alone. And, well. I wanted to say that. I don't really like to play their game all that much." "What game?" Rey felt unsettled, and curious, and on edge. "Playing pretend, of course. You know of sponsors, right?" Rey nodded. Unamo told her about that, all the while throwing nervous looks at Ren, who didn't bother to say anything. She didn't feel particularly prepared to get people to like her, to send her things she would need. It also felt... somehow misshapen, to turn a game of survival into a popularity contest. To decide who would live based on approval rating. Then again, everything about the Games felt like that. "They are independent, in theory. They can support anyone they like. Except, of course, the Gamemakers don't only control the arena. They control the cameras, too. And even with the Games being broadcasted live, there's still so much going on, not everything can be shown. And again, most people don't watch livestream, but the abridged version, thrown together with commentary. So they can give you as much or as little screentime as they like. And even if a sponsor still sends a gift to someone they don't like, then. Well, it isn't that hard to ensure it won't be much use." Poe said calmly. "So you see, if you win, it's only because they let you win." "They control everything." Rey thought this should be more surprising. "Not exactly. Not everything is important enough for them to control. You, for one... Actions of one tribute are quite easy to overlook." There was something considering in Poe's gaze. "So" Rey licked her lips, suddenly nervous "what are we doing?" "Why, I'm just doing my job." Poe smiled brilliantly. It was really unfair how handsome that made him. "I'm giving Coruscant something to look at. And I'll make sure no one will forget you." The training room was vast and dark and filled with multiple sharp weapons. It also didn't feel at all safe; it felt more intimidating or even terrifying. That was probably a point, because it wasn't like four days of training were going to help anybody survive the Hunger Games. Observing the other tributes, though, learning their strengths and weaknesses... Well, that could help. Rey wasn't too sure what she should be doing, besides watching. The compulsory exercises were quickly done with and in reality, not that helpful. After that the tributes could basically do whatever they wanted, as long as they didn't try to kill each other. Most of them moved to exercise with their mentors - Rey had no idea whether the past victors were supposed to be here, but no one seemed to mind their presence. In any case, training with someone experienced would be a good idea, if her own mentor wasn't absent, as always. She could find a staff and train on her own, but she wasn't too sure how wise it was to show her skills where others could see. Downplaying her abilities might be a better bet. So she just stuck to the corners, a little, and concentrated on things she wasn't so sure about, like building a shelter against rain or recognizing edible plants. Staying unseen was actually easy, with twenty four of tributes running around. The strongest and the weakest were easily in the focus, so she just had to stay in the middle. Do well, but not too well; not enough to be a threat to others. Kylo Ren's absence possibly helped. Looking at others wasn't as much interesting as educational. There were career tributes, older than her and well build, fast and strong and proficient with number of weapons. Couple of kids, short and slim; they couldn't be over fourteen. Rey preferred not to think what would happen to them in the arena. A girl possibly her age, with dark skin and light eyes, good with knives and climbing. Another one adept at traps. A slender boy excelling at hand-in-hand. Rey wondered, idly, what other skills they had. And how many sponsors they could attract. There was also an exceptionally tall, blonde woman showing some defensive movements to a boy looking a little older than Rey herself. Most likely another career - he was built like that and he caught on remarkably quickly. It might have been thanks to his mentor, too, because even though the woman looked intimidating, she seemed nice, too. And patient. The easy exchange between the two of them made her own nonexistent relationship with her mentor seem really unfair in the contrast. There was no use in being pensive, though. Rey wandered off to find a more secluded area and a staff. Imagining punching citizens of Coruscant would be more satisfying than feeling bad over what she didn't have. She got lost in the repetitive motions. It was calming and made her feel capable, stronger than those people thought. There was a certain rhythm to this. She was a survivor. She wouldn't just give up and die for their entertainment. "You're not as bad at this as I thought you'd be." A quiet voice startled her out of practice. She whirled to face its source. Kylo Ren was leaning against a wall, partly obscured by the shadows, his dark clothing the same colour as everything else in the room. She briefly wondered when he got there and just how quietly he could move for her not to notice him. "Shouldn't you be giving me advice, then? So I might actually get better?" She refused to cower before someone like that. "Advice? Accept your imminent death. If you can't do that, then don't die." He wasn't even looking at her. This... "Tomorrow you will be graded." Ren continued, unbothered by her glare. "The Gamemakers and sponsors will be there. I suggest you use the staff." He pushed himself off the wall and paraded towards the door, paying no attention to people trying to get out of his way. Or frozen in their spots. And Rey was left seething. The aftermath of grading was possibly worse than the grading itself. Rey felt just tired, the kind of tired when you just want to go to sleep and not wake up for the next three days. The kind that came after stress and adrenaline, after doing something mad and dangerous and getting away with it. The last thing she wanted was to sit here, waiting for the results and listening to Unamo's rant. Rey leaned back on the cushions. Unamo looked full of a furious energy, pacing in front of those beautiful windows and speaking in a carefully measured voice in short sentences. "You weren't even thinking. Do you know what consequences this could have? Of course not. You reflect on all of us. This is lack of discipline. And manners. You should be ashamed." Poe, sitting on another couch in front of windows, kept making faces at Rey every time Unamo's back was to him. Rey tried hard to keep herself from laughing. "Ren!" Unamo turned to face the door, where a dark silhouette had appeared. "You're her mentor, tell her." Ren moved slowly, completely unhurried, with grace and purpose of a predator. Rey wondered, with a detached sort of dread, how quickly he could move to violence. "You threw your staff at Hux?" Ren asked, his voice the same as it was when they first met. Rey just nodded. She had no idea who Hux was, but she did throw her staff at someone. "Brilliant." There was some vicious satisfaction on his face. "What." Unamo spluttered. "They can hardly forget her now, can't they? Good job." The last part was directed to Rey, which was deeply unsettling. Poe just openly grinned. On a screen behind him Watto has announced her score as a perfect twelve. Notes: All the credit for the hand-holding and beta duties goes, as usual, to Marron. Chapter 3 : Hux II Notes: As usual, all the credit goes to Marron for motivating me, listening to me whine and bravely beting everything. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) With just a few days until the Games Hux found himself more relaxed than he was in a long time. It wasn't exactly surprising. He had planned everything perfectly, so now all he had to do was to watch months of his hard work come into fruition. There was no room for any mistakes, nothing to go wrong. It had a calming effect, like seeing a well-oiled machine at work, every little piece falling neatly into place, a strangely pleasant feeling of things being just right. An incredibly satisfying one. Even more satisfying was his current position. Sitting in one room with some of the most powerful people in the Galaxy, sipping expensive alcohol and exchanging pleasantries. This moment was what he was working for. The Games were a show of power; it figured those in power would be interested. Sponsors were, well. On one hand, they were a mixed bunch - heads of big companies, aristocracy with money almost as old as the planet itself, politicians and military men. On the other, they were all cut from the same cloth. Influential, decadent, eager enough to prove it and with enough money to buy themselves a place in the most elite club available. Being a sponsor was about supporting your favourite only on the surface. Well, of course, everyone liked the thrill of being able to turn the tables around, being able to decide and change someone's fate, save someone's life. But the more important and exciting part was showing oneself as powerful enough to influence the Games, wealthy enough to afford this. So being here, right now, was probably more exhilarating for everyone present than whatever else would happen on the arena. The event in question was, ostensibly, about grading the brand new tributes before the Games began, so of course everyone pretended to be politely interested in whatever these kids were trying to prove here. Although obviously, watching some fools fumble their way around some pointy weapons wasn't terribly engaging, and no one was going to actually pay attention to that. Even the interior design reflected this. The room lacked one wall, to allow the sponsors to look into the dreadfully grey training area below, but other than that, it was pure Coruscant oppulence, with sofas carefully arranged to allow the guests to indulge in whatever they wished to do, including more intimate conversations. Which Hux would gladly do, right now. Most of the tributes had already presented themselves and they did as well as could be expected, which was not at all. Only a few even knew with which end to thrust. Careers, of course, but Phasma's boy was also promising. She would be glad to see him do well, so that was a thought to consider. But the girl currently stumbling around the training room seemed more likely to trip over her own feet than kill anyone. She stuttered out her name, went for a staff, dropped it, and then looked at it with expression both surprised and mortified. Quite disappointing, really, because watching this wasn't even remotely funny. More exasperating, like seeing a puppy try to growl, when it couldn't even bark properly. Hux took a sip of his whiskey, which was excellent, and allowed the chatter of the room to wash over him. "Hux, I've been trying to get a hold of you all evening, you impossible boy." Amanda Lassaire wore ostentatious clothes and jewellery and make-up which made it impossible to tell her true age, though it certainly was high enough to justify calling Hux a boy. Then again, considering the number of digits in her bank account, she would get away with calling anyone a boy. "Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't-" Hux caught a motion in the corner of his eye. Then something rushed past, and he blinked. There was a spear inches away from his nose, the blade firmly lodged in the wall. He slowly turned back to the only person who could've thrown it - and it was the girl, of course it was this fucking girl, standing meters away from them and way down - and the room fell into an absolute silence now - and she had the nerve to fucking bow - "Thank you for your consideration." She said, looking straight at Hux. She held his stare for a moment, turned and walked away and there was none of this fumbling inexperience in her motions now. He was going to fucking kill her. This fucking girl turned out to be, unsurprisingly, Ren's tribute. He should've given her twelve just because of it, because of course she had to be a centre of attention - it was probably all that bloody bastard taught her, that and being a pain in the ass. Well, she could have her perfect score and a bull's-eye painted on her back, Hux would make sure she'd be considered a biggest threat this year. So even if she got a few sponsors, it wouldn't help her much, not with every other tribute and the arena itself working against her. She would be dead. Preferably quickly and painfully. Considering this, he probably could have skipped watching her interview with Watto - he already knew how he wanted to paint her - but she was so awful, it was almost pleasurable. She went back to being a clumsy idiot, just staring at everyone with wide eyes, and her answers were ignorant and sure to offend Coruscant's society, no matter how pretty her stylist made her. Seriously, who the hell talked about food during an interview like this? She didn't even say anything good about it. Well, Hux supposed he shouldn't have expected anything different. Considering who her mentor was, it was a miracle she even talked. The rest of the tributes weren't so bad, though. He already had a few ideas who to show as whom, what conflicts and alliances he could create, what drama to unfold. Coruscant so loved things being dramatic, they would eat up lovers and friends turning against each other. He just had to facilitate it. Watching pre-Games interviews helped, maybe more than seeing the tributes training did, because this was the first glimpse of them general audience had. They would be judged by this and the key to creating a good entertainment was playing with that judgement - finding the right role for each tribute and then finding the way to either confirm it or turn it around. In order to do this he had to actually pay attention to what the tributes were saying. Who could be a self-sacrificing martyr, or an innocent sweetheart, or a slick traitor? Who could be seen as such? Of course, there was no point in listening to the kids who were going to die in the first five minutes, and Hux could spot them right away, so he skipped those, but he did memorize what the rest of them were saying. Most of it was the same old song and dreadfully boring, but still, there were some things he could use. "Planning their demise?" Ren was leaning against the door, all long lines of him in lovely contrast with the drab environment. Hux didn't hear him come in, though it wasn't surprising, because that fucker moved like a cat. He quite often acted like a one, too. "Don't you have anything better to do than sneak on people?" Hux turned back to the screen. He certainly did have better things to do. "Better than sneaking on you? No, I don't think so." Ren stretched his shoulders a little, just a tiny movement of a tightly controlled grace, and Hux hated himself for noticing it. In a reflection. On the screen. Just. "Phasma said you've been... stressed." Ren continued, staring somewhere in the space right to Hux's head. "You're working too much." Hux snorted. "Don't be ridiculous. The caring persona doesn't suit you." "It doesn't?" Ren titled his head, the movement weirdly fluid and not quite natural, and blinked. "Of course it fucking doesn't, your tribute just tried to kill me!" He turned around to face that fucker. "She didn't try to kill you" Ren said in the monotone. "She threw a spear at my head!" "She threw a spear near your head." "You... Are you even..." Hux spluttered, and wondered briefly how the fuck Ren could get him worked up so quickly about such an insignificant thing, because his control was better then that and he didn't shout at people, but he wanted to strangle this bastard so much. "How is that better?" "If she wanted to kill you she wouldn't have missed" Ren said in the same level voice, like this was a perfectly logical and acceptable explanation. "That's not the point! I don't care what she wanted, she made a fool out of me in front of half of the sponsors, the most influential people out there, and you put her up to this " said Hux through his teeth. It was a wonder they didn't break, he was grinding them so hard. "But I didn't" Ren said and well, that didn't make sense. "What?" "I didn't. I haven't really talked to her before, but it worked rather well, don't you think?" Ren's expression was definitely smug, now, though that was mostly in his eyes, or maybe in that little quirk of his mouth. Hux personally thought his face was ridiculous, anyways, and terrible, and he didn't understand how he could find it attractive, only he really wanted to bite those insolent lips, and he cursed himself for thinking of it. Bloody Ren. "Well? You think it went well?" Hux chuckled lowly in his throat. "She's as good as dead, now." Ren shrugged, the movement almost elegant, when everything else about him wasn't. "Does it matter? She would've been dead anyway." "What a caring mentor you are" Hux drawled, almost amused now, when his temper was back under control. He was still angry at Ren, but he was always angry at Ren. Who stayed silent, just watching him with those dark eyes. "Was there something else you wanted?" Hux asked, bringing his eyes back to the screen. Dealing with Ren was usually easier when he didn't have to look at him. Ren was still quiet, for a moment. When he spoke, there wasn't any curiosity in his voice. "Have you decided who wins, yet?" Well, of course. It was about that . "The best one, of course." He kept his tone calm, almost flippant. Ren didn't deign to answer that immediately, presumably still watching Hux with piercing gaze. Hux wondered just what Ren wanted to accomplish. He couldn't really believe Hux would simply tell him the truth; so he was what, trying to intimidate Hux? Like it would work. "President Snoke trusts you with this." Ren's voice was flat. He was so predictable. He didn't give a shit about his own tribute, but of course he cared if Snoke was satisfied. Hux sometimes wondered where this loyalty came from. Most victors very decidedly weren't acting out of any sense of loyalty and Ren didn't have any reason for it either, especially because he was such a special case. And yet, this blind devotion. Hux shouldn't... wouldn't dwell on this. It was inconsequential. "The President is, as always, right. It will be to his liking." The start of the Games was, predictably, bloody. Hux didn't even have to help, the kids did it perfectly well themselves. It turned out surprisingly well, he thought. Of course, there was that one idiot who jumped out the platform before time and got himself exploded, but it was probably inevitable. The rest of them, though, behaved adequately. Few of them had run straight to the forest - Ren's pesky tribute among them, though she hesitated briefly, and Phasma's boy, too - but most of them stayed, and went straight to the supplies, and started hacking and slashing and thrusting the moment they faced each other, with whatever they could get their hands on. It was a bloodbath, and it wasn't quick, because there was no way a couple of kids, even career tributes, could kill someone quickly and efficiently. They weren't really trying to, either, they just incapacitated whoever stood in their way, or was simply the closest, and left them to bleed out or crawl to even slower death. It was all very violent and shocking and exactly what Games should be, and it would look beautiful on the screens, all that blood splashing against the snow, with dark silhouettes of trees as a background. The cameras moved well, capturing the little details; the blood dripping from the fingertips of a blue-skinned Twi'lek girl, the desperate struggle of two boys behind her, similar grimaces of pain and rage of their faces. Hux signaled to slow some of the footage down - not noticeably, but enough to make it feel drawn out, to show each death. He wanted this to make an impact, to capture everyone's attention. It was still too early to tell what alliances would be made, but he strongly suspected they would turn out the way he wanted them to. And if they didn't, well, he would made them. Starkiller was a work of art; the best arena ever made. Of course it was, he designed it. He could control everything: the earth, the weather, the traps, the trees, the cameras, the tributes. He wouldn't let some kid ruin his work. He wasn't leaving anything to chance. He wouldn't let go his efforts go to waste. It would be perfect. Notes: So, uhm. Hi?