“Tell me, do you hate me?” “You hurt my friends, you killed your father…” Finn bites back. “The only reason you’re not dead is because your mother, for some reason, still believes there is good in you.” He’s seen Kylo’s face many times before, and he still hates the feeling of surprise he gets when he realizes how human he looks when he pulls his mask off. But that’s not enough to change his opinion of the monster. Finn knows what lies under that human facade. “You’re a monster.” “Maybe I am.” The Knight smirks and it makes his blood boil. “But what does that make you? What would your new friends say if they knew.” If they knew your whole story. It lingers between them and Finn hates that Kylo still holds so much knowledge of their past over him, even when he’s supposed to be free of the First Order, of him. “They’ll understand.” He resorts back, but there is enough of a hint of doubt in his voice for the other. Kylo takes a step forward and Finn takes a step back, until his back hits the solid wall behind him. He curses under his breath. He’s smarter than this. A prey doesn’t let themselves be cornered so easily. “Would they.” Kylo’s close enough now he can feel the other’s warm breath against his face. Finn turns away and closes his eyes, shivering when he feels Kylo press his nose against his exposed neck. He can’t deal with this right now. His own lightsaber is resting against his palm. Kylo’s still resting by his hip, Finn just has to… He should run. Every smart part of him is screaming for him to run. His friends are nearby. He’s pretty sure if he can’t overpower Kylo he can reach through the Force to Rey and she would be storming into the room before Kylo even realizes what is happening. There’s a chuckle from nearby and he feels more than hear the moment Kylo kneels in front of him. “I think you’re afraid, afraid that they won’t understand. That they’ll push you away if they knew.” Finn bites his lips. He can taste his own blood, but he’s not going to give Kylo what he wants. “And maybe they will.” The moment Kylo palms his cock his eyes snap open. He’s half hard by the time Kylo pushes his robes aside and works his pants open, one hand planted against his hip while he pulls he's growing erection out. A voice in the back of his mind reminds him to fight, to run. A smaller, more shameful voice reminds him he’s missed this. Sex with the other man. Finn pushes that voice as deep inside himself as he can and closes his eyes again. He tries to think about Rey and Poe waiting for him. But his mind keeps falling back on the familiar image of the other man in the room on his knees. By the time Kylo’s soft lips wrap around his cock, his lightsaber slips from his grip. He hears it drop and roll away. Never let go of your lightsaber, it is your most valuable possession. Luke had explained when Rey and him had finished working on them. He’s pretty sure Luke would be more ashamed of this than Finn dropping his lightsaber. He should be pushing Kylo away. But when the other moans around his cock his hands wrap around those familiar curls—and pulls. Kylo rewards him by taking him deeper and wrapping one of his hands around him. Finn doesn’t have to look down to know he’s probably using his free hand to palm his own cock over his pants. He’s probably going to come in them too. Finn guesses Long robes have their uses They’ve danced to this song before. He looks up at the ceiling, shame building up. But it’s not enough. His hips snap forward on their own accord. His fingers are still holding on. He should use this position to push Kylo away. “Please.” Kylo pulls away with a loud pop. Finn whimpers. But Kylo is already standing up. He pushes his hands away from his hair to push Finn’s robes off him. His shirt follows, as do the rest of his clothes. By the time Kylo seems happy with the situation Finn is standing naked against the wall. The Knight of Ren is still fully clothed. Finn wants to close his eyes, to look away and hide his own shameful desire. Every part of him knows this is wrong and still, a now stronger part of him also wants it. Missed it so much. Kylo won’t have it thought. With one swift motion Finn finds himself lifted and pushed against the wall. The sudden change of position forces him to either wrap his legs around Kylo or risk both of them tumbling down. When Kylo pushes inside it should hurt. He hasn't done this since he left the First Order, even though he's had more than enough offers. He'd been too focused on his recovery and then his training with Luke and Rey. But it’s like his body remembers and old friend. It only builds on his shame. He lifts his hands again to grab the Sith’s long curls. By the way Kylo purrs against his neck he doesn’t mind. Finn drops one of his hands to Kylo’s shoulder while the other curls against the back of his scalp. He fucks him with hard and long strokes. Whenever Finn pulls his hair just right he’s rewarded with a harder stroke that makes him see stars and forget his name. He should hate himself for this. How easily his body felt back into old routines. Long nights in Star Killer base when he was still FN-2187. Finn whimpers when Kylo finally finds the right spot inside of him. After that is only a mater of seconds. Kylo pauses for a second to press a hard kiss against his lips before he wraps a hand around his cock and strokes him—once and twice before Finn spills over his hand and his own belly. Hi body tightens around the other’s cock as he comes, but he knows it won’t be enough. He gives one last hard pull of Ren’s hair and hears him groan before he too reaches his own climax. He feels cool fingers against his temple before a sudden wave of dizziness and darkness overpowers him. Poe and Rey find him hours later lying on one of the couches unconscious, fully dressed and with his fingers wrapped around his lightsaber. He doesn't tell them about Ren. He doesn't want to know if the other was right. Finn can't risk it. He also knows that tonight when he wraps his hand around his leaking cock, it will be to the image of soft dark curls. He can’t bring himself to regret it, even if part of him knows that he should. Notes: I wasn't going to de-anon this because it's a bit short and I try not to post anything bellow 1,000 words so I added some extra stuff to go over the word limit because there is not enough works for this ship.