The surrounding and air felt tense. Far more than usual. The room was lightened up by a dim lighting. A faint sound of walking was heard from a distance coming closer and was heard more clearer when walking closer to the emperor. The emperor was sitting on his throne, which was elevated by a staircase and so it made him look down upon everyone who came to his view. It was a clear way of showing his status and he loved it. The general was promoted to his desired rank. Emperor Brendol Hux. Fulfilled his goals after such a long journey to achieve it. So much killing and betrayal. He had to hide his smirk behind a strict mask knowing who was about to come. One man, now the new general was holding a chain leash of the captive while a stormtrooper followed them from behind. He made sure that the man in chains wasn’t planning any crazy anticts. “Emperor Hux. We have brought upon you the former Knight of Ren as you wished.” The man in a full black outfit said with his back straight and chin up, looking towards the ginger haired emperor but not directly into his eyes. Either deep down inside despite the straight face he was afraid of him or it was an unwritten rule, not to look the emperor straight in the eyes. The man sitting on the throne raised his hand to his chin and stared down at the tall dark haired man he used to work beside with. He was stripped naked and only wore a silk cloth with a sturdy golden strap to hold it over his hips. Hux examined Kylo’s neck and arms, seeing a golden collar around his neck and golden ring bracelets around his arms. Ah so there where the clinging came from. He thought to himself. He didn’t expect for them to already make him dress up into more proper clothes for his current status. A slave. They rather use the term servant but a slave he was. “Leave him here.” He said in a gentle yet demanding tone. “And no need for guarding anymore.” He added. The new general nodded his head. He uncuffed the captive, gently let the chain leash slide down onto the ground from his gloved fingers and left with the stormtrooper. The sound of their steps slowly faded. A little bit of waiting and it was completely silent. The atmosphere felt more tense with just the two people left in the dim room. Kylo didn’t say a word. He didn’t know what to say. Speechless. All he felt was something boiling inside of him. Emotions building up, thoughts coming to mind wanting to run away from this place and he felt awfully cold. Eventually the former knight raised his head. “Is this all really necessary?” He barked through his teeth. His eyes glowing from newly grown hatred. He thought he could trust Hux but turns out it was all a scheme just to become an emperor and attempt to change the galaxy with his new power. “What do you mean?” He teased. The tone of his voice didn’t give it away but the wording sure did and Kylo knew well enough. He just knows that Hux is smirking on the inside. Right now he’s acting like an all mighty and menacing emperor who on the inside loves to mock him. “Oh you know very well what i mean, Hux.” Kylo said and emphasized on the name. He knew that Hux’s new title was important to him. So important that he doesn’t even wish people to say Hux without using the word ‘emperor’. “I know you’re trying to anger me. I won’t satisfy you. Rather you should be satisfying me...” He said in a calm matter, a lot calmer compared to Kylo who was bottling up most his emotions. “Knowing your current rank.” As the words passed his lips the former knight snarled. Kylo couldn't stand this. The emperor looking down at him. Hinting that by his words, behaviour and literally looking down at him from his throne. Kylo threw away the glittering golden bracelets from his wrists to the ground. “This is humiliating and i’m disappointed in you.. Hux.. I can’t believe i said that name in the past with passion. You used me. I refuse to be your slave. If you really desire luxury with your power then please don’t include me in it.” Hux peered down at him with his expression not changing, not a single muscle on his face moving. His eyes and mind could be the only way to tell how the emperor felt. But that was a hard task because of the emotions going over his head. Kylo was curious of what the former general thought of his new slave stepping upto him. It wasn’t a surprise that he was acting up in such a situation. “You can’t do anything about it. I know how you may act, Kylo. Guards will always be close by and i always have a backup collar for you to wear whenever you may start misbehaving too much.” A backup collar? Did the emperor have something up on his sleeves yet again. Kylo thought but was curious to know what he meant by that with a hint of fear. It was most likely something that would torture him. He was left in the dark with the information about the collar since the emperor wasn’t gotta say a word about it. Kylo focused on Hux, wishing to read his mind. This time it was harder than he thought. Maybe he was too obvious when he was attempting to read minds that Hux was able to block him out. It happened rarely before but this time it seems more odd to the former knight. Using his hand to gesture towards Hux may help him in this situation but it also would make it even more obvious. He tried it none the less. He stretched his arm out and focused on Hux. That made the ginger emperor only raise a brow. “You’re oh so easy to read. Like a book and here you are the one trying to read me. Even without the gesture i knew you were trying to invade my mind. I won’t be that easy to you like i was in the past. I learned a few tricks while you were gone from the base.” Kylo growled at him, showing his teeth. “Sithspit!” He said in outrage but stopped his own actions from using the force to pull the emperor down the stairs onto his stomach. The emperor finally stood up. Hux’s crimson cape slid off the throne slowly as he moved forward.With him standing up, Kylo got a clearer view of his new outfit - black overcoat with a crimson cravat and a crimson cape - as his eyes roamed appreciatively over him. Kylo observed the new outfit for a moment and he didn’t like it one bit. Not because it looked unfitting. No that was quite the opposite but it was his attitude and everything that he had done to Kylo that made him loathe the outfit even more. It just showed how proud he was of his new rank, almost seemed cocky about it even. The emperor didn’t show that but the slave sure sees it. As clear as day. As clear as his newly grown hatred. Hux slowly stepped down from his throne, every step being painful to listen to as he came closer. “That’s enough. I let you speak up for a little too long. You’re my servant now. Nothing more. Nothing less.” He said quietly, almost sounding like a hiss and a cold hearted one. The emperor really desired to become an emperor, to have this power, to make changes with it. Even if it meant betraying probably one of the most closest people to Hux. He was willing to make a sacrifice and he didn’t think it as too wrong. The man had worked too hard to get this far and nothing was gotta stop him. “Now kneel.” He commanded Kylo with a slightly louder voice to seem more intimidating and straightened his back more. Kylo glared at him. “I won’t kneel to you. I’ll give you a fight. More trouble. Maybe you would leave me alone eventually. I won’t give up so easily just for your pleasure of being the emperor and can look down upon everyone.” He spoke with a tense voice clearly filled with anger. Hux looked down at him silently. “Kneel.” He said once, not adding anything to Kylo’s comment. The dark haired man stopped slouching his back, now looking taller and bigger compared to the fancy dressed emperor. He slightly raised his view. He had to admit to himself that he didn’t like the fact that Kylo was even slightly taller than him. It didn’t bother him before. It doesn’t bother him when someone else stands taller next to him. But currently he was bothered by it and he thought it was idiotic. Being bothered by just height. If he was a higher rank he wants to be higher in every way possible. Hux coudn’t believe himself for even thinking that. Maybe it was just cause of Kylo and that’s all. At that moment Kylo finally got into Hux’s head and surprisingly without him noticing it. The first thing he saw was his current thoughts and sensed that he was displeased by Kylo standing up higher than him. That Hux felt shorter. Kylo saw an image of back when he was still a Knight of Ren and Hux was the general. The emperor was reminded of the past, when they were on the same page. None of them were more important or higher rank from each other. Kylo smirked seeing all that and knew what Hux felt like exactly. He made himself look taller and looked down at him. The emperor’s expression changed drastically for the first time after a long time. He looked ticked off and knew what Kylo was planning, especially when seeing the smirk upon his face. This was getting ridiculous, even childish. The emperor grabbed Kylo from his neck, having quite enough of Kylo’s antics. The quiet sound from the leather and the sound of a choked up man. “You’re getting on my nerves… I swear only you out of all the people can do that with ease.” He eventually let go and slowly traced his fingers against the golden chain that dragged on the ground which was attached to his collar. Hux slowly grabbed it. “I should inform you. Your next big punishment would be the same collar i mentioned earlier. You know what makes it so special?” He asked him, making a sudden tug on the collar to make him stand lower so the emperor could look down upon him again which he enjoyed. To feel powerful even with the force sensitive man in front of him. Kylo pulled himself back and gave a hateful glare. “Tell me already. You power hungry bastard.” He snarled at him and had enough of this.The emperor mused at his reaction and stroked the strains of dark wavy hair. “I’m going to get rid of the main source of your power thanks to it.” The emperor’s slave felt a shiver moving up his spine hearing that tone. He yet again wasn’t gotta give in so easily and replied with an amused smirk just to possibly piss off the emperor. “I’ll think about it...” Chapter 2 Summary: Kylo's alone with his thoughts in Hux's room with the emperor away on his personal mission. There’s no sun or planet to shine some light onto this frozen planet where the was base located at. Absolutely everything seemed cold. The outside. Snow falling down fast enough to only see a moving blur, everything was white and grey. The interior mostly consisted of dark colors and cold hard materials. The inside itself was cold, to keep everyone more alert. Kylo himself felt cold because of the lack of clothes. He looked around and curled up, moving his legs closer to his body and crossing his arms, trying his best to keep himself warm. The former commander was on a bed, in Hux’s bed and in his room but he had gotten a hint that he shouldn't make a mess of the bed by using the blanket. He wasn’t allowed to have his own room or at least not visit it as he was told. Only when the emperor is off the ship for a longer period of time but Kylo can bet his remaining clothes that the ginger haired man will carry him around as a trophy. On a leash. For everyone to see that he has power over a force user and a former master of the Knights of Ren. Kylo still hasn’t gotten used to this all. He doesn’t know when he’ll truly break. Maybe he will stay as a growling slave for the rest of his life, slightly disobedient. He isn’t afraid of Hux, no not a single bit. Atleast he doesn’t want to admit that to himself. Maybe deep down inside, just a little. Mostly with the things he could do to him. That reminds him of the collar he mentioned. The emperor is still threatening him with it. Disobey and i’ll put it on you. That’s what Hux basically says but in many different ways. It hasn’t even been a month since he was made slave but it feels like a year. Hearing everyday that it’s bad to disobey his emperor. Kylo had never heard him say a single compliment from the man. At least for a while he hasn’t. It’s rare to hear. Even if would be humiliating to be called a ‘good boy’ and he’ll wish to bite into his hand if he’ll call him that but at the same time... He will be thankful to hear a praise. Kylo’s mind drifted off into imagining multiple scenario: Being praised by Hux for being such a good slave to him who listens to his every word and receiving not only praising but also gentle touches and pampering. He hated himself for even thinking that but it seemed pleasant. He hasn’t been praised much. Maybe he has when he still lived with his parents back then but he can’t quite remember. He doesn’t want to think further into it and shakes it off. “No...“ He whispered to himself under his breath. For a moment he entirely forgot how cold this room was, now he snapped back to reality. He glared down at the soft crimson blanket under him, like it was his enemy or a small rodent staring up at him. Kylo eventually grabbed the blanket and wrapped it around himself. He didn’t care if Hux will whip him for this. To tell the truth he himself wasn’t even sure if he’ll do that. Punish himself just for this. Why was he holding back just to heat his body from this freezing room. He shakes the thought away and closes his eyes, sighing in relief. The blanket felt so smooth against his birthmark covered skin. He hummed to himself of the comfort. It felt like he had been inside a cozy cabin and under a blanket in front of a fire. Except there wasn’t a fire. He rolled his eyes at himself. What am i thinking. I bet i’ll go slowly insane before breaking. But he had nothing else to do than warm himself and be in his own thoughts. Speaking of thoughts, he misses the times when he got the chance to sneak into Hux’s mind. Of course that didn’t always happen. It was only when he let his guard down. Sometimes that could be at the most randomest times. Most of the time Hux blocked him out. He was trained to do that. Not to let out any information of the First order or his weaknesses to any enemy force user. What is his weaknesses anyways? The dark haired man thought back to when they were still on the Finalizer. Seeing Hux snap and get irritated which is a rare case but he has his moments. Kylo sometimes knew how to aggravate the general. It was like picking a lock and not an easy one. That exactly isn’t a weakness. What causes it? What’s the weakness? That’s simply the result after it. Skip that. What else are his weaknesses… Remembering something from the past... Kylo realized. He is more and more surprised now at how much Hux can control himself most of the times even when he remembers something horrible from the past. He just blinks and freezes in place for a second maybe gives a short angry glare. Hux was vulnerable back then. His mind was accessible when the memory hits him with a surprise. Like an arrow. He didn’t understand the vision Hux had. A white coat hanging over a chair. He’s sure there’s more to it but while he was seeing the vision Hux snapped back and gained back his focus to get Kylo out of his mind. “Don’t.” That’s all what he said. Weaknesses. Rare kisses that are filled with tenderness and love. When his body is being gently stroked. Fuck that’s not what i meant. He cursed himself for his thoughts aimlessly running towards that. He secretly loves hickeys and scratches. The slave felt his face burn up. Well now he can’t complain of being cold for sure. He can’t help himself but continue with the thought. Slamming Hux against a wall with a possibility that a stormtrooper or two could see them. Hux wasn’t gotta whine on how he doesn’t want anyone to see them like this. He feels that way but only says: “What do you think you’re doing, Ren? Get off and get on a shuttle. You’re hurting my wrists.” When Kylo let go of him. He was certain that he heard Hux whispering something like “Animal..” under his breath with his cheeks slightly tinted pink. Kylo chuckles softly thinking back to it. He also remembered what happened later that day. It seemed so fast and somewhat of a blur but someway Kylo got Hux beneath him, on his bed. Was he high on lust and want? Doesn’t matter. He still loves the thought of that and they actually did do that several times. Ravishing the general. Hearing him whimper, hearing him call out his name, feeling his nails dig into his wide back. Kylo let out a turned on groan, shivering lightly. This time not cause of the cold. He leaned back on the bedpost, diagonally spread across the bed with his tall body and slid a hand under the cloth and his underwear. “Dammit who you do this to me Hux..” He whispered while closing his eyes. The slave stroked the base of his length and the tip. All he thought of was Hux. Not the emperor, but the general. For some reason he wished those were two different people but no. Kylo stayed kinda quiet, panting, soundless moans and vocal groans. His thoughts went more and more wild as the time passed, making it harder for him to last long. Just thinking back at the defenseless, innocent, flustered face of the general looking up at him with his pale ginger eyelashes fluttering. Probably the most breathtaking sight the former commander had till this very day. Kylo gave out a very quiet whimper, getting slightly sad yet still turned on and going on at it. He could feel himself getting close till eventually he climaxed with a long moan and a shiver after it. “Fuck..” He panted. The man’s eyes glanced down and saw where he had climaxed. On the very same blanket he is wrapped around with. His eyes widened, realizing what he had done. Kylo really had no clue what to do. It’s not like he was carrying tissues around. But why was he scared, He wasn’t scared of the emperor’s reaction to this or.. Was he? He smacked his hand onto his face and pulled it down. This is so stupid. Kylo wiped off the cum with the cloth around his waist. Well… Like i haven’t been covered in cum before. He chuckled under his breath. He threw his legs off the bed, touching the cold ground and simply got off the belt and cloth around him, dropping them on the ground. He bared the coldness and hid under the blanket. “I swear when will he come back...” He said through his teeth, little frustrated. Even if he hated the ginger by now it was still better than huddling up in a blanket with thinking and masturbating being the only entertainment.