Wednesday "wyd?" Kylo's screen illuminates his face as he types. The response comes a few minutes late and rather irritated. "Well, before you woke me up, I was sleeping." Perfect grammar, as always. "nudes?" A pause. "Ren." "What the fuck." Kylo groans. He can't sleep and he's tired and he's horny and he's vaguely hungry for some reason and Hux is denying him nudes. "pls" "Again, what the fuck." "u have a nice ass" "I haven't got any pictures of my ass, incidentally." Which is how Kylo knows Hux is looking. Which is why he's not surprised when, a moment later, Hux sends a photo. Specifically of his front side, but fuck if it isn't a nice view. Kylo exhales a soft ' yessss ' into the air and slides one hand down his pants. Texts Hux sloppily with the other. "tlk to me" "I am not going to cyber you." "pls" "Go fuck yourself" "working on that" "Jesus Christ." "i mean if thats what ur into" "I'm not going to talk to you if you're masturbating." "ur not talking technically" "also this is healthy. u should try it" "What makes you think I'm not trying it right now?" Kylo chokes out a laugh, grips himself harder. What a fucking night. He's never going to finish like this. Which might actually be a good thing if Hux was here, but he isn't. "idek what to say to that other than help bring me off" "I'm not coming to your house in the middle of the night." "then say something hot" "Like what?" "idk" "tell me ur most primal erotic truth" "I have no idea what the fuck you're talking about, but I assume you want me to say something along the lines of 'I secretly want you to whip me and call me your slave and force me to lick your shoes and I have long, detailed fantasies about it.'" "Fucking Christ, I can't believe I sent that." It's the last message, not the one before it, that makes Kylo come, because somehow the authenticity is better than the fact that Hux wants to be fucking dominated by Kylo, and he can't even imagine Hux in that position- actually, yes he can, and that makes it worse- Either way, Kylo is now soaked in his own come and he's sort of too tired to do anything about it. His phone buzzes a few times, and he ignores it while thinking about Hux wearing a collar. Licking his shoes. Another vibration, another message. He wipes off the screen and reads it, breathing heavily. A sweaty lock of hair falls into his face. "Kylo?" "Fuck." "If it makes you happy, I have entirely lost my erection now because I'm fairly certain I just fucked everything up." "I will blow you the next time I see you if you respond to this message." "I've actually fucked everything up, haven't I." Kylo grins, shoves his hair out of his face with the back of his hand, and types. "1. im gonna claim that free bj the next time i see u" "2. im going to buy u a collar on amazon w 2 day shipping can u come over saturday" Pause. "Jesus Christ, Ren." "Yes, I'll come over Saturday." Chapter 2 : Thursday Summary: hux tries to learn from his mistakes and doesn't. "talk dirty 2 me" "Absolutely not. Not again." Hux leans back against the headboard of his bed, jerking himself off. He pants quietly, wishing the next-door-neighbors would shut off their music and go the fuck to sleep so he could rub one out in peace. "pls" "I know what you're doing and I'm not going to help you." "fuck that's hot" "I can't believe you." "❤" "Don't send me hearts while you're jerking off." "wow ok" "just bc my dick's hard doesn't diminish my feelings for u" Hux groans a laugh, feeling the cool wood of his headboard against his skin as he turns his head, mussing up his hair. No. Of course not. Absolutely not. "No sex talk from me, Ren." "wow that's rude i date u for all this time and this is what i get" Hux chuckles despite himself, hand shaking slightly as he types. "What do you get?" "not sex talk that's what i get" "if i wanted u 2 kinkshame me i'd go to my mom" "Go to your mother, then. I'm not saying anything." It's this balance of denial and permission that Hux likes- this idea that he could easily give Kylo whatever he wants, and it'd probably get both of them a lot closer to coming, but he won't. He'll fuck himself on his own terms. "ok well if you won't say anything i guess i have to initiate this" Hux does his best to type out a haphazard "What the fuck does that mean" but fails in the middle of the fourth word as Kylo messages him. "imagine me tied up. on the floor. in front of you. begging for your mercy." "would you untie me?" Hux does his best not to scream a little at that. He's close- so fucking close, what does it matter- he bites his lip and climaxes, bending forward and groaning just loud enough that he realizes the music next door has been off for a while and everyone in the entire fucking apartment complex can probably hear him. Fuck. Fuck Ren. Which is something that is now much higher up on his wishlist than he might have hoped for. "Fuck you," he types. “❤"