bloom A square of pale sunlight found itself falling on dark lashes, causing the owner of said lashes to stir just moments before his third alarm of the morning (first for hope, second for realism, third for desperation, fourth for safety). The vibrations send the precariously placed phone sailing to the hardwood floor below it, startling the boy out of his dream-stupor with a harsh clatter. Finn groaned at the light now sitting in his open eyes from his cracked curtains, and scrambled to check on the phone. No knew cracks this time. He untangled his limbs from the blankets and heaved himself up, body heavy with the Autumnal chill in the air. Finn stretched with a series of cracks and pops as he rolled his neck, the remnants of a strange dream tickling him behind his eyes. Something about snowy mountains, he thinks, and black forests. He really needed to stop staying up late watching horror movies, he thinks. He always took his time getting ready, not wanting to forget anything in his drowsy state. There had been too many incidents of him forgetting all his books and pens and Rey having to loan him stationary. It was almost surprising that she didn’t just keep his things with hers at this point. Finn gave an idle flick through is wardrobe, hand lingering over a muted floral shirt. He couldn’t wear anything especially outrageous in his house, but he got away with what he could. His family weren’t bad people, he acknowledged as he dressed, just stubborn in their ways. Satisfied he had packed everything back in his bag and his shirt was definitely not on backwards, Finn padded out of his room, careful not to wake his mum the next room over. The house was fairly open planned, the kitchen separated from the lounge room by a granite countertop. He ducked around to the left as the hallway petered off, dropping his bag next to his shoes at the door. His father didn’t spare him a glance as he walked past him to the kitchen, giving his twin siblings a quick affectionate ruffle as he entered the kitchen space. He unearthed a few of the snacks he managed to keep away from the youngest Troopers in the house without them catching him in the act. He’s a pushover when it came to sharing food, and they learned that at a very young age. The twins were currently playing, Fran brandishing her still milky spoon at her brother Flitz like a sword, who did his best to roar without being too loud. “What are you two up to?” Finn asked carefully from the relative safety of the opposite side of the kitchen. “We’re trying out for the class play! I’m gonna be Glinda.” “And I wanna be the lion.” Said Flitz. “So we gotta practice now, or we’ll never get it.” “I’m sure you’ll make the cut sis, who can say no to twins?” “No one says no.” Said Fran with as much seriousness as a 7 year old can muster. “That’s right.” Weaving past them again (Fran and Flitz now trying to subtly catapult cheerios into each other’s mouths without alerting their father) Finn passed through into the lounge room portion of the house, ready to book it. His father was reclined slightly, listening intently to the morning news. Stepping past his dad’s armchair towards the front door again, pocketing his keys from the hanger above the shoe rack and quickly stuffing his snacks in his backpack. “Morning Finn.” Finn bit his cheek, inhaling slowly. “Good morning.” Finn said to the man behind him. Terse morning conversations were a Trooper family institution. “Did you… sleep alright?” Finn secretly hoped most mornings his father wouldn’t be sitting there. Sometimes he was scared of him. Sometimes he wants to run. “I’ve had better nights. Don’t close the door too hard on your way out, you know your mother only got back around 0-500. Phasma had her working overtime. Pileup on the highway last night.” This was a good morning for him. The phantom pains in his father’s arm weren’t quite so bad today. “I’ll be quiet. Did you want me to take the twins to school?” The twins were in no state to leave yet, and Finn was itching to get out the door, of. Of course, Finn knew that if he didn’t offer at least, he would be called lazy or ungrateful. Not that his parents needed an excuse to do that. “No, no. You best get to school early, maybe study a little.” Finn exhaled through his nose sharply. “We’re worried you aren’t getting enough studying done at home, you know. I seriously hope you don’t want us to talk about it with you again. We shouldn’t need to chew you out about this anymore.” Finn bit his lip. Old habit. “Maybe it wasn’t the best decision to pull you from FOA.” Teeth sank deeper. “I know Organa offered you a place at D’Quar, but… You still have a place at the First Order Finn, you know that.” “I’m happier now.” He replied, voice just that little bit alien in his ears. “Well, discussion for another time then. Like I said, best go study while you have the time.” Finn gathered himself quickly, feet stuffed into sneakers, jacket in one hand and bag on one shoulder. He may or may not have called a good bye to the twins, still playing with their food, still happy. Finn desperately hopes they are happy. Keys. Door. Front seat. Bag. Jacket. Ignition. Jacket. Jacket? Wrong jacket, of course. It was that kind of morning clearly. Finn never wore this jacket to school. Too scarlet, too gold, too much. And the implication of wearing it was enough to make his skin burn. He reached over to the passenger seat, traced the crisp outline of the letters one by one. It was a calming act. Finn didn’t like to indulge in a lot of things as a personal rule, thought it made him softer than he already was, but this was his. He finished the slope of the N, completing DAMERON. He buckled up, patted the garment for safety, and pulled out of the driveway. Chapter 2 : new perspective Notes: SONG: New Perspective by Panic! at the Disco “My point is that there is no way Manning will play another year for the Broncos, Jess No matter how well the team did this year.” Said Rey decisively, yogurt half-forgotten in her hands. “His physical prowess is present, but injuries are a lot more common the older you get. That’s why Skywalker teaches instead of playing nowadays.” “Rey, come on, that man is a machine! At least one more year, until he hits 40-maybe he’ll go play for another team!“ “Uh, hi? Did I miss something?” Finn asked, standing a safe distance away from the fling zone of Rey’s breakfast. “The super bowl Finn! I know you know, and you totally watched it, and you were totally not rooting for the Broncos.” “You’d be shocked to find out I didn’t watch it, Jess. I was studying for Solo’s History test. Like you two should’ve been.” “Oh please, your boy is a sports junkie, how can you not be interested?” Said Jess. Rey gave a shrug of agreement. Finn shot her a withering look, she smiled back. Yogurt finally began to dribble down Rey’s hansd after all her movement, and she paused to lick it off. “All I’m saying is that you can break for a great game.” “Did you see Beyoncé? She was phenomenal.” Supplied Rey. “Absolutely iconic.” “If you talk any more about this I’m going to explode.” Said Finn. “Also we should get shaking soon, if we don’t want the wrath of Solo bought down upon us.” Jess and Rey exchanged a look, one of those infuriating girl looks that Finn could never decode. “Relax Trooper, what’s riding your G-string?” Jess tried to joke. Jess wasn’t very good at being funny. It was like using a brick to apply your eyeliner. Rey scoffed and Finn bristled. “It’s nothing Pavo, I just care about doing well in Solo’s class.” Rey gave an airy snort and threw her trash in a graceful arc into the nearest bin. The library was starting to fill with students, less than eager looking for the morning. The library space was beautiful, but naturally, for any school library that was semi-okay and allowed food and drink, it was constantly crowded. “Besides,” Finn continued, “he’s been in a garbage mood lately, and I don’t need any more of that stress on top of the already flooded cup of anxiety in my head.” “I heard Solo and Organa are fighting again, about the whole Ben thing, y’know? Said Rey. Oh yeah, then Ben Thing. Or the Kylo Ren Thing if you want to stay current. “What’s the news? Is he finally engaged to that Hux guy? New nose ring? Finally moving back home?” “Nothing new, I don’t think. But I went over to their house to see if Skywalker was hanging around, because he rescheduled on Saturday and didn’t tell me! Bloody toss, anyway, I could hear them shouting inside. Didn’t stick around long enough to find out anything, Skywalker rushed out when he saw me, first time he’s been glad to see me I think-” “Oh my stars, Rey, he loves you.” Said Jess. “I suppose so. Any student is an improvement after a Solo kid-“ “Watch your mouth Rey, or you’ll lose it.” Rey practically jumped at the voice of Han Solo from behind them. He moved past them to the classroom ahead, opening the door violently. Finn heard the smack of Solo’s satchel hitting the desk. Finn was now regretting not skimming the notes he made last night again. They took their assigned seats at the back of the room with an air of caution. Rey was already a very guarded person, so she was practically a stone by the time her notebook was out. Solo was furiously scribbling notes on the board as Poe slipped in. Thankfully there was a soft spot for him deep in the shell Han Solo called a heart, so he was dutifully ignored as he took seat near Finn. Finn was painfully aware he was staring, and that Rey and Jessika were staring at him staring. Solo was brutal. The pop-quiz was earth shaking. Every word was another ferocious jab at a newly formed mental bruise. Han Solo was, without any other word to describe it, pissed. Generally speaking, however, Han Solo was always at least semi-pissed at everything. Trees, kids, himself, Skywalker. The list was endless and incomprehensible. Today was especially bad, but if you were looking at it optimistically, this would prepare them for having to work in customer service. When Finn started listening again, Solo was chewing a freshman out for misidentifying one of the key leaders in World War 2. Finn began to wonder if Solo ever busted a vein or blood vessel with the amount of time he spent being grouchy. “Any more unnecessary and time-consuming questions before I start the next topic? Raise your hand, Pavo, and I’m taking it.” Finn saw Jess slyly lowering her hand in his peripherals. “Alright, next topic. We’re gonna be looking at the history of aviation. It’s a new unit, I expect it to flop by next year, as much as I’d love to see it continue. We’re starting with the write brothers, clearly – any of you that’ve read a book or googled something for a 3 rd grade poster project know who they are, but the board are addament you relive that experience. And, like I said, I want this to continue because I care about the subject, so if you guys don’t spend every ounce of your mediocre millennial energy into making a glittery poster on how the Wright brothers made a plane I am going to be very, dearly upset.” If you didn’t already hear that Solo was in a bad mood, you could feel it now. Jessika raised her hand, a strike against the stillness of the room as Solo leaned, palms on his desk, towards her. “Pavo.” “Will we be covering Amelia Earhart? First woman to fly, afterall.” “Good job Jess, not a terrible question. We’ll be doing a week on the Wrights, a week on Earhart, and then two weeks on the World Wars, with another two weeks at the end for modern flight, maybe looking at recent terrorist campaigns or space travel. It’s flexible, so I hope you all behave.” Jess smiled, a little smug, and noted the topics in her notes. Out the corner of his eye, Finn could see Poe alight with interest. Poe was a bit of a dork when it came to space and modern inventions. There had been many an occasion where he could see a NASA magazine mixed in with his notebooks. Finn leaned over slightly, giving Poe a nudge while Solo started writing up notes and references on the whiteboard, pink marker, straight backed. At least Finn could feel his passion. “Hey, you excited for this?” Finn asked under his breath. Poe’s mouth fought to stay neutral with the tide of his happiness. “You have no idea, buddy. Maybe I’ll be Solo’s new favourite over Rey.” “She’s got more of a reason to be a favourite, I think.” Considering her frequency at their house, old family friends and all. Solo didn’t show many positive emotions, but if you learn his tells you can see how much he cares, for his students and for his subject. “True, Rey is pretty perfect.” “Don’t sell yourself short, bro.” “Why I’m flattered, Finn.” Poe fluttered his eyelashes, and Finn tried not to lean away too close to him, lest he get blinded by Poe’s halo of confidence. “So hey, you still coming over for my birthday? I can only promise good food, bad drinks, and my exuberant company.” “Couldn’t miss it, not that you’d let me.” Said Finn, “As long as I finish up my assignments, and I don’t get called on to baby sit.” “Such a responsible lad.” “You lads finished gossiping or should I wait?” Asked Solo. They were quiet for the rest of class, Finn casting careful glances at the other occasionally. He rubbed his arm absently as Solo ranted to the class. He hadn’t be confident (or crazy) enough to actually wear Poe’s letterman in, so he was left short sleeved and on edge. A dangerous part of Finn wondered about what would happen if he wore it to Poe’s party on the weekend. Maybe Poe’s friends would think they were together. Maybe Finn wouldn’t mind the assumption. Maybe Poe wouldn’t either Finn scoffed quietly to himself. Solo was explaining the materials used in early air travel, and how they were lucky their story didn't become framed like Icarus' falling. Bad thoughts, he didn’t like feeling venerable like that. He bitterly quashed his feelings again, and flew out the door the moment the bell rang.