Her father once told her that when she was a baby, she cried a lot. Leia had thought that was funny. She never cried. In fact, she felt a strange sense of pride whenever she saw other children cry; if she scraped her knee, she wouldn’t shed a tear. Rather, her pain incited a kind of anger deep within her, one she couldn’t comprehend, but one that could frighten even the bravest of the palace guards. Leia would stomp her feet on the offending patch of duracrete until the other kids ran off, and Bail had on more than one occasion been summoned to find her sat on the ground, fuming (and bleeding), not letting anyone except her father pick her back up. “Papa says I cried a lot when I was a baby,” she says to her mother as she helps Leia braid her hair. “You did,” replies Breha, fingers working a kind of magic Leia wishes she could learn. “Why?” Leia watches her mother shrug in the mirror and reach for a hairpin on the vanity. “You had a talent for finding things to be sad about.” Breha smiles, but it doesn’t quite reach her eyes. It’s years later, when she finds out the truth of her family, that she understands. Understands her infant self, shrieking into the void of space, too young to do anything but feel the pain of being ripped from her other half. Luke. * Han makes her feel complete, for the first time in years. Every kiss, every night spent pressed against each other, coming together as one satisfies more than just her physical or even emotional need for him. It’s something deep, profound, almost spiritual. She foolishly thinks it will last forever. * She cries a lot after Ben is born. Something that has been a part of her for so long has left her body, and no matter how tightly she holds him to his chest, she can’t seem to put herself back together again. Ben cries, too, but for a different reason. Snoke is already there, whispering his name, finding every shadow in his mind and twisting them into something dangerous. This time, when she finally understands, it’s too late. * She sits in her bedroom, in front of her vanity, and takes down her hair. The sharp, searing pain of her son’s lightsaber piercing her heart (well, Han’s heart, but in that moment, there hadn’t been a difference) has dulled to a throbbing ache. Leia Organa gazes at her reflection, and wonders if she will ever be whole.