The first time Phasma sees her, she notices right away the danger that flows from her like radio waves. This is a person who kills as easily as most people take a drink of water, and with the same casual thirst for it. “Bazine Netal,” says the stringy woman in front of Phasma, inclining her head respectfully. “I've heard of you, Captain.” An officer shifts back and forth on the balls of his feet behind this Bazine Netal, clutching a datapad and anxious to get on with the debriefing. He licks his lips nervously, side-eyeing the two women. Phasma knows they makes him nervous. Bazine is undeniably attractive, but her bright blue makeup and desert-camo jumpsuit stand out against the cool colours of the Finalizer like garish graffiti. And Phasma herself is enough to put anyone on edge. “Captain Phasma,” she replies, even though Bazine clearly knows that already. “It's good to meet you. Officer Hakim, report to me in person directly after you finish.” “Yes Captain,” he says, clearly relieved as Phasma strides away from them. Twice in the time between their brief introduction and Hakim's report, Phasma catches herself idly thinking about a pointy-fingered fist propped on a jutting hip. The first time Phasma feels her heart skip at the sight of her, it's the ninth time she sees her. Bazine's chest is heaving under her signature dazzleweave dress, scarlet makeup smeared across her face and blood streaking her hood. Bazine giggles like a schoolgirl. The point of her knife is quivering against the pulse point of the target – some rat who fed the Order faulty information and bailed, and will be getting his just desserts in due time, thanks to Bazine. Bazine, who is beaming and sweating, high boots planted firm in the soil of the little moon they're on. Under her helmet, two spots of colour flare to life on Phasma's cheekbones. “Excellent work,” she says to Bazine. “BR-4070, BR-2238, take the captive into the hold. Netal, a word.” The two troopers drag away the unfortunate lout. Bazine watches her expectantly, and Phasma backs away from the idea as suddenly as it appeared. “You're one of the best I've ever worked with,” she says instead. “The First Order is very lucky to employ your services, Bazine.” It's high praise, coming from her, and the mercenary knows it. “Thank you, Captain,” she says, eyes gleaming. “I'm deeply honoured.” Phasma can feel her sharp gaze on her own back as she marches up the ramp of the ship. The first time Phasma touches her, Bazine is unconscious in a bed in a Finalizer medical unit. The machines keeping her alive thrum softly, vibrating Phasma's armor, and she impetuously yanks off a glove to touch Bazine's bruised face with her bare hand. The medics must have cut off her leather cowl, for her head is bare. Old scars spiraling over Bazine's hairless scalp and neck stand out grey and puckered in places. The skin is stark white with a sharp tan line where the edge of the hood rested. Phasma runs a finger along the line, musing. It wouldn't be the first time a bounty hunter affiliated with the Order was injured on the job – far from it – but it's the first time Phasma has bothered to check in with medical on the victim's condition in person. Incidentally, it's also the first time in a very long time that she's touched someone's face. Bazine's slender frame had been crushed by falling rock as the walls of Maz Kanata's castle came down, under assault from the very people who had stationed her there. Blaster fire had ricocheted off something and entirely destroyed her right foot, on top of the splintered kneecap, fractured and mangled thigh, cracked pelvis, ruptured organs, massive bruising and internal bleeding, contusions, sprained wrist, whiplash, blood loss, and of course the dozen broken ribs. An officer and a droid roll into the room, and Phasma calmly replaces her glove. “We might be able to salvage part of her calf,” the medical droid reports, dryly, “but it's no good without everything else. Best-case scenario, she'll need a full cybernetic leg. It will be a complicated procedure to install, because of the damage to her hip area and torso.” “How long till she can walk again?” Lieutenant-Colonel Norten demands. “Six weeks minimum, not counting the time she'll need in the bacta tank. More likely two standard months plus.” “No good,” Norten says in disgust. He turns to Phasma. “We'll have to let her go. We can pay for her basic treatment but if she needs custom cybernetics she's on her own, and we're not having her back.” “And why not?” Phasma says coldly. Norten snorts, his signature reaction to anything, which had afforded him the obvious but unfortunate nickname Snortin' Norten. “She specializes in martial arts. A bounty hunter that can't do her job isn't going to earn her keep, and it's a waste of resources to employ a crippl – ” Captain Phasma is famously levelheaded, and even at her worst she is no screaming wrecking ball like the volatile Ren, but she grips Snortin' Norten's shoulder with a ferocity that causes him to stutter, turn pale, and say a silent prayer. “Lieutenant-Colonel,” she says icily, “That is my decision to make, not yours.” “Yes Captain,” he says, cringing away from her hand. “Yes ma'am.” “You are dismissed.” “Yes Captain.” The first time Phasma puts her arms around her, Bazine is taking cautious baby steps, pacing a circle around and around her recovery room. She relentlessly pushes herself, which is something Phasma admires in anyone. Sweat runs down Bazine's face from the effort. She has a new cowl, same black leather as before, and her makeup is violet today. Phasma steps all the way into the room and closes the door behind her. “It's bloody infuriating,” Bazine says between clenched teeth. “I'm used to moving gracefully. Fast. This is going to take some getting used to.” She turns too quickly and overbalances, can't right herself in time, starts to fall. Phasma steps forward and catches her easily, gently sets her upright again. She doesn't let go. Bazine looks at her, her sharp-featured face very close to Phasma's helmet, and makes no move to push her away. “Stupid kriffing leg,” she bites out. “I'll get used to it. I'll get a good one that has knives and blasters tucked into every inch. I'll learn to walk again, but. Hell. Stupid.” Phasma tightens her arms ever so slightly around her, and Bazine puts her hands on top of Phasma's, lacing her fingers together daintily over Phasma's huge metal hands. The first time Phasma kisses her, they're alone in Phasma's private quarters. She's alone, at first, and then Bazine barges in – walks by herself all the way from her recovery unit, which she is not supposed to do, hacks the lock system, which anyone is definitely not supposed to do and shouldn't even be possible, and waltzes in as Phasma swings her blaster up to confront the intruder. “Hello,” says Bazine, gently pushing down the muzzle of the blaster. “Say, you're hot.” “Bazine,” says Phasma. She blushes scarlet, drops her gun on the desk and grabs the little bounty hunter by her stringy biceps. “You – you could've used the buzzer.” “Don't change the subject,” says Bazine. “Wanted to see if I could do it. Looks like I could.” “How did you even know where my quarters are?” “Asked a droid.” “What are you doing here?” “Making you blush.” Phasma blushes harder, and gives in to her heart. She kisses Bazine on the nose, then the mouth. “You're too short,” says Phasma. She lifts Bazine onto the desk like she weighs nothing, and draws back a little to admire her. “You're beautiful.” “Thanks. I know. So are you. Let's get back to the kissing,” says Bazine. Notes: I feel like youre not a real fanfic author until you do a 'five times' anyway I love my evil space girlfriends and I can't find any phazine anywhere