Hux tried not to fidget as he waited for the Supreme Leader to appear in his chambers. The redhead still had nightmares about the last time he and Ren were brought here under suspicious terms. “What do you think Snoke wants?” Ren’s voice was loud in the cavernous room and echoed off the walls and high ceilings. The General refrained from rolling his eyes. “Aren’t you the mind reader?” “I can’t read his mind,” Ren said in offended tones and glanced over at Hux. Before Hux could respond back the dark, ambient lighting in the room flared to startlingly brightness before Snoke’s massive holographic form appeared sitting on a throne. “Ren. Hux,” he greeted. “Supreme Leader,” they chimed back in turn with varying degrees of enthusiasm. “I know the both of you have been faithfully sending me updates about your progress for siring a new wave of Dark side children for the First Order. I also know that it isn’t going well, which is a disappointment to us all.” Ren dropped down to one knee and bowed his head. “I will do better next time, Master.” Snoke waved a withered hand in the air and leaned back in his chair. “That will not be necessary, my child. The mysterious ways of the breeding swamp are mysterious indeed and not everyone is up to performing the penis fencing ritual.” Hux looked mortified. They’d been forced to share the same room for a month where he had to fend off Ren’s fumbling advances while refusing to answer his questions about pinchers that they didn’t have . “Supreme Leader,” Hux said with forced civility, “as you must know from my many, many detailed reports. There is simply no compatibility between myself and Ren.” The Supreme Leader nodded sadly. “Ren, I had not realized how shy your rhombus would be.” Hux made a strangled noise. “I will forgive you in your transgressions for I have found a new way for you to become parents.” Ren raised his head with a shocked look on his face. “Parents?” “Supreme Leader,” Hux said carefully, “with all due respect I really don’t think-” “Behold, your children!” Snoke’s voice rang out loudly in the room. A column of white light shone down from above, and a circular panel in the floor slid back. Something white and round was slowly revealed as it was lifted up from the floor with the faint sound of clicking gears. Hux gaped as the hulking thing grew larger and rounder before them until the entire thing was in full view sitting atop a red silken pillow. “An egg?” he asked flabbergasted. Some unknown emotion was reflected in Ren’s eyes. “Parents?” The Supreme Leader nodded in satisfaction. “Because you could not carry eggs, I have ordered our techs to splice your DNAs together to create clones that would carry on your legacy.” A small, blade like grin stretched across his ruined face. “The medical droids assured me that this was the best way for humans to house their young in this protective, porous barrier.” The giant white egg sat there on its pillow. Hux noticed there was a little First Order logo stamped in the middle. He focused on that instead of feeling violated that his DNA had been used and diluted with Ren’s inferior ones. “What are we to do with this…egg?” he asked distastefully. Ren made a sound of derision. “We build a nest for it. Obviously.” Hux turned a furious glare on the Knight. “We’re not building a-” “Precisely!” Snoke cut off Hux for the second time. “I see you have been reading the data files I’ve sent the both of you.” Ren seemed to preen under the praise and Hux wanted nothing more than to elbow him in his stupid face. “Take this egg and protect your young so they will hatch. I will be sending more files along later and you will update me on the progress.” Hux opened his mouth to desperately plead with Snoke but the hologram suddenly disappeared. Much the same way as Hux’s will to live. He sighed and jabbed his fingers through his hair while he glared at the egg. It was big enough around that even with two of them it would be too massive to carry. “Well,” the General said irritably and crossed his arms over his chest, “use the Force and lift that thing to your quarters.” “ Our quarters,” Ren emphasized. He reverently touched the fragile looking shell with one gloved hand. “And it isn’t a thing, it’s our egg.” Hux looked furious. “We’re not birds!” This whole thing was a disaster and someone needed to murder whomever had been in charge of Snoke’s reproduction education. “I don’t know what that thing is but it is absolutely not sharing the same quarters as me.” The egg gently rocked side to side as Ren carefully, for once in his life, lifted it up into the air for transport. “Don’t you worry little egg, your rhombus has just been stressed lately,” he murmured. “I’m not stressed,” Hux said in clipped tones even though anyone could see he was very clearly stressed. “And I’m not a kriffing rhombus. No one is a rhombus in this situation.” Ren maneuvered the egg through the doorway and out into the hall. The egg barely fit. “But Snoke said-” “Snoke is out of his damn mind!” Hux shouted. Two Stormtroopers who had been making their rounds at the other end of the hallway stopped, turned around, and quickly walked back the way they came. “We’re not parents. That is not our egg. You are not building a nest in my quarters.” The way Ren took Snoke’s word as gospel was…quite frankly disturbing to say the least. Hux sighed when he was met with a wall of silence. “Fine,” he said and stopped walking alongside Ren. “I have important work to do. If you want to play nursemaid to that thing then go ahead.” He didn’t stomp down the hallway but it was a very near thing. Chapter 2 Hux’s mood had not improved with time as he made his way back towards the quarters he begrudgingly shared with Kylo Ren. (No amount of strategically worded missives would get Snoke to change his mind.) The General could only hope that Ren was off in his practice rooms with that stupid egg. A nice cup of special blend tea sounded lovely to soothe the nerves. Or better yet a glass of Doth brandy given to him as a personal gift by a friend of his fathers in the commerce guild. He punched in his keycode to their shared rooms with thoughts about relaxation and reviewing expense reports when a wall of heat blasted him in the face as soon as the blaster door slid open. “REN!” he bellowed. He was going to murder him. The egg was on his bed dead center almost completely swaddled in all the blankets and spare clothing items in the room. “Heat off,” Hux commanded, already sweating as he let the door close behind him. His closet door had been left open to reveal all of his formerly pressed and folded clothes had been ripped off hangers and piled around the egg. Ren had even placed his officer’s cap atop the egg. This time Hux really did stomp towards the bed intent on taking his things back and having the droids fully sanitize and starch everything. He reached out to take his spare greatcoat when a hand shot out from under the pile of blankets to grab onto his wrist. Hux bit down hard on his tongue to keep from shrieking. “Don’t mess with the nest!” came Ren’s muffled voice. His head of wild, ridiculous hair appeared first followed by his bare shoulders as he unearthed his way from the mound. “Heat on.” Hux ripped his hand out of Kylo’s grip. “What are you doing?” he asked a little more harshly than intended to cover up his momentary fear. His heart was still wildly thudding in his chest and he was pretty sure Ren could hear it. That bastard. “Heat off,” he demanded and the sweltering temperatures dropped again. Ren sent a fond look at the swaddled egg. “Snoke advised us to make a nest so our children can be comfortable in a warm environment.” He moved his hand and the next second the heat was back on followed by what sounded like electrical circuits sparking. There was a pop and a hiss and suddenly the room became monstrously hot. “Did you short out the temperature gauge?” Hux glared at a spot in the wall where a thread of smoke was steadily rising. “And why does it involve you being naked?” His coat was uncomfortably sticking to the small of his back where sweat had already collected. Ren scoffed. “I’m wearing undergarments.” The sheets fell away to his waist revealing densely packed muscles on his broad frame. “Put some clothes on and get a technician to come in here and fix the heat.” Unbidden, a memory of a random technician’s words floated through Hux’s head. A buddy of mine said Kylo Ren had an 8-pack. Hux viciously scowled and crossed his arms over his chest. “A proper technician.” If Ren found that a strange request he didn’t show it as he leisurely stretched and got out of bed as if the oppressive heat meant nothing to him. He was in a pair of non-standard issue black boxers that had little hearts and Darth Vader helmets over it. Force knows where he even got such a thing. “Not until the egg hatches,” Ren said firmly and carded his fingers through his sleep-mussed hair. An irritated sigh escaped through Hux’s lips. He was too tired to deal with this right now and much too hot. He shot a withering look at the egg. The egg placidly sat there. “Fine.” Annoyance rolled off of him in waves. “But only until it hatches.” How long could it take? --- “Hux, you need to take care of our egg,” Kylo demanded imperiously when he barged into the room laden down with bags. Hux, who had been sleeping peacefully, startled awake from the bent over position at his desk. “It’s not our egg,” he said tiredly and scrubbed a hand over his face. Kylo had refused to turn down the heat so Hux had to sleep in his office for the past two kriffing months. “And why can’t you take care of it?” Hux discreetly wiped off the drool on his datapad. “Snoke has assigned me a mission for a while, and I don’t trust anyone else to take care of it.” He shouldered off one of the black bags and dropped it on Hux’s desk. “Here are all the things you need to take care of our egg.” Another bag heavily thumped on the desk. “And here are the manuals Snoke suggested we read before our child comes into the world.” The General gave Kylo a flat looked and swept the bags off his desk. “No.” “This is a chance for you to bond with our child.” Hux’s eye twitched with suppressed anger. “Kylo, I’m not taking care of that egg. I’m a busy person.” “I’ll turn the heat down,” Kylo offered. “Sleeping in your office must be bad for your back. And a rhombus needs a comfortable environment to sleep in as well.” The only reason he didn’t shoot Kylo with his blaster was because Hux actually would like to go back to his own bed (even if it was a bed he had to share with Kylo and that stupid egg). “Fine,” he said wearily and leaned back in his chair. “I’ll tend to the egg while you’re gone.” “I knew you would see reason.” Kylo waved his hand and the blaster doors opened again and the egg floated in on its hoverbed. Ren had tinkered way in his workshop so the egg could be moved around with minimal effort and just some simple motion detected hand controls. He rested a palm against the egg’s surface right above the First Order stamp. “Be good for your rhombus. He’ll take good care of you.” Hux rolled his eyes when Kylo dramatically swept out of the office to do Force knows what. Maybe he’d get himself killed and save Hux a lot of headaches. Chapter 3 “The thing is though, Kylo Ren is an idiot,” Hux said and took another sip of his tea. “I don’t know what they taught at that sad excuse for a Jedi school before that idiot was snatched away, but it certainly wasn’t basic education. He’s just as bad as Snoke is, which is just appalling. The two of them are a perfect pair for each other.” Phasma let out a chuff of laughter in agreement before taking a sip of her own tea. “Speaking of a pair, how are you and Eggbert doing?” Hux’s mouth flattened out into a thin line. “The egg and I are doing just fine,” he said stiffly. The egg hovered next to him at the end of the table in one of the officer’s smaller conference rooms. “And it’s not named Eggbert.” The captain leaned back in her seat with an amused expression on her face. “Regardless, I’m glad the two of you are getting chummy now that Kylo Ren has been off ship for a while.” “Because I can’t leave it alone!” he snapped and forcibly set his teacup down in agitation. It’d only taken five minutes after Kylo had left to realize that if Hux were out of a certain vicinity from the egg then a high beeping noise would emit from its platform along with flashing lights until he was within range again. “If you say so, Sir,” she said. Her eyes flicked up to the little general’s hat sitting atop the egg, but she made no additional comment about it. Hux’s holopad beeped an urgent message. “You’re lucky you’re an invaluable member of the First Order or I would have you demoted for insubordination,” he muttered and flicked through the messages. Reports. Reports. Reports. A message from Kylo. (He deleted that without another thought.) And oh…a summons from the Supreme Leader titled: NEED 2 TLK ABT SPORE. A sigh escaped past thin lips and Hux regretfully pushed his tea away for a cleaning droid to immediately take. He’d hoped that he wouldn’t have had to talk with Snoke until Kylo was back from whatever mission he was on. “Snoke has summoned me, so you’ll have to excuse us,” Hux murmured and headed towards Snoke’s chamber. The egg’s platform hummed as it hovered along behind Hux. Snoke, much to Hux’s faint surprise, was already waiting for him when he entered the grand chambers. “Supreme Leader,” the General said respectfully and bowed. “I came as soon as I got your missive.” “How is the Kylux spore doing?” Snoke asked without preamble. Hux inwardly cringed although he did his best to keep it off his expression. “The egg is doing very well.” The crew had tried calling the egg Kylux in the beginning after the reveal and it’d taken two weeks for Hux to crush that nonsense. It was an egg. It was not called Hux III or Kylo Jr. It was not called Eggbert. And it was certainly not called kriffing Kylux. Unfortunately Snoke hadn’t received that memo. Snoke nodded and rubbed a hand under his chin. “Excellent. Could you explain to me how it feels?” Hux shot a quizzical look at Snoke. “The egg?” Snoke waved a hand around in the air. “At this stage it is common for the young to move around and kick. I’m sure you’ve felt this on several occasions. Place your hand up to Kylux and tell me what you feel since I cannot be there.” Years of training at the Academy and under his father’s strict upbringing kept Hux’s expression carefully blank as he reached out his hand and laid it on the surface of the egg. He could feel Snoke’s intense gaze on him like a heavy weight. “Oh yes, I feel it,” he said tonelessly. “It’s…moving around. Very strongly. I think I felt a kick.” He cocked his head to the side and paused. “Yes, definitely a kick.” The Supreme Leader leaned back in his throne with an expression that could have been called faintly wistful if Hux didn’t know better. “And I’ve been told you started including it in your gossip sessions?” Thin red eyebrows snapped together in outrage. “ Who told you-” he broke off in a coughing fit when Snoke’s beady eyes seemed to stare into Hux’s nonexistent soul. “I mean ah…I have been talking to the egg.” He pulled his hand back from the egg to stand at parade rest again. “The resources you so helpfully sent me said it was best to talk to the young as it grew.” Hux was going to murder whomever had ratted out his sacred gossip time. He had a hunch it was Phasma. That woman was dead to him. “Then why,” Snoke began and seemed to draw himself up higher in his throne, “has Kylux not hatched since I gave him to you three months ago?” Thunder seemed to rumble in the cavernous chamber and the lights flickered ominously in the rapidly darkening room. “I demand grandchildren.” Hux was not a man easily cowed by others. He put up with Ren’s manic, Force choking mood swings on a constant basis. However, his years of training at the Academy and his working relationship with Kylo combined had not prepared him for a power hungry grandfather in waiting. He clenched his gloved fist behind his back. “Supreme Leader, I am doing the best I can,” he said with forced patience. “However, I also have troops to command and war plans to draw up and-” “Then take some rhombus leave,” Snoke cut in with an imperious wave of his hand. There was a long, long silence in the cavernous room as Hux tried, and failed, to keep his expression under control. “…I beg your pardon?” he said faintly. “I’m ordering you on rhombus leave,” Snoke said again and directed a fond look at the egg. “Obviously you need more time to connect with young Kylux and you have too many responsibilities at this moment.” Rage swept through him like wildfire and never in Hux’s life had he wished for Force powers until right then. “I am going to kill you,” he said with the dead certainty of a man pushed well past his limits. “What was that?” Snoke asked and looked up from where he’d been cooing at the egg. “I said thank you,” Hux said louder as he tried to reign in his temper. His hands were locked behind his back to keep himself from strangling…well… something because he couldn’t touch Snoke. “I am so fortunate to have your divine wisdom and expertise because you clearly know more than me in winning a war and managing these obviously important grandchildren .” If Snoke recognized the sarcasm then he did a remarkable job of not reacting to it. “Excellent, I knew you would see reason.” The room lightened considerably and the rumbling stopped. Hux could swear he even heard a bird chirping from somewhere. “I expect to see some results in two weeks with your larvae in front of me for inspection.” Hux nodded stiffly. “Of course, Supreme Leader.” He was not going to murder Snoke. He was not. “Excellent,” Snoke exclaimed and clapped his withered, skeletal hands together. “Keep me updated on Kylux’s progress.” The hologram abruptly disappeared before Hux had even finished saluting, leaving the General stewing in anger. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Snoke's Completely Accurate Guides series