A creature cries out on a clear night—a single, soft note. The lake he sits at the foot of is pierced as he claws at the water with a swipe of his paw. His face is as torn and distorted in reality as it is in the rippled reflection. All of the lights are off in the house by the lake, and the creature hunches its back and drops its head, and melts into the thorny foliage. — Everything about Hux's life is precise. His strict upbringing in the orphanage, his years in the military, the way he holds himself and all things about him are precise and orderly and severe—and it's no longer entirely because he enjoys it or because he's used to it, but because it is so very ingrained inside him and he's unsure he even has the capacity to do anything spontaneous. He feels like he would be too in the dark, too lost at sea to be able to process anything that wasn't completely laid out for him in the clean way everything always has been. When he wakes in the night, of course it's at precisely three in the morning. He shifts under his tidy sheets, and looks at the blackish shapes of things he can't quite make out in his room. He's organised the master bedroom of his father's old house to look as much like his military dormitory as possible; he will never adjust to civilian life but he can try, by centring everything around order—his belongings, his job, and his head. Hux wrinkles his nose as he notices a faint smell of copper in his room, but he can hardly get up to find out what it is or if he's actually dreaming it—it's the middle of the night and he's halfway asleep. He watches the neat square of light the lone streetlamp at the end of the private lane casts on his ceiling as he goes back to sleep. A shape obscures the light; it looks like a house cat on his windowsill. He rolls over and taps at the glass to drive the creature away, but it doesn't move in the slightest. Stubborn little thing. Hux watches what he thinks is probably the wall through the dark of his room instead, feeling insistently drained all of a sudden. There is a sensation, almost heady in his chest, like there is smoke settling in his lungs. Hux is heavily drowsy, and falls asleep in a moment. The cat finally leaves. Perhaps complete disorder is a little out of reach for Hux. But maybe he needs something of the absurd. — Hux is an austere teacher, and he prides himself in being the only one whose pupils never talk back to him. He makes all of his students call him General: 'Mister' will never feel appropriate, and 'General' incites far more fear. There isn't a child in the school who doesn't believe that he'll order a strike on anyone who steps out of line—save for Ben Solo, or Kylo, as he rudely insists on being called. 'Kylo Ren' is a sickly-minded boy, with greasy, ratty hair and a spiteful compulsion to defy Hux's authority as far as possible without being shot with the rifle it's rumoured that Hux keeps under his desk. (No one has ever been brave enough to check, so it must be accepted as true, as the rule of school gossip goes.) It's the first thing to know, as a teacher, when students talk about you. Hux knows, he always knows. He knows there's rumours, he knows they make fun of him when he's not around. He knows how scared they are that he might be aware of it. He's carefully unbothered by what comes from any young mouth. What's most spoken of between the students, surprisingly, is not some petty mockery of his name like it is in the case of the other teachers (and he knows how easy it would be with his name in particular). It's how he managed to reach the position of general so young, and why he left his high British military position to teach at Oranato High, South Carolina, of all places. Hux does not like to think about that. He supposes it's better to simply be reminded of the mistakes he made than to be called General Fucks, though. Language has always been a small passion of Hux's, a controlled one that never really flourished because it never really needed to. Now, as an English Language teacher, he gets to live his passion every day, although not particularly passionately. American schools are not really to his taste, not what he was expecting—even if most of the students gratify him like obedient little mice, it all feels somewhat wrong—but it isn't as if he could just leave. He's here on strict conditions. Class is peaceful today: several students are off sick, with what Hux assumes must be the plague if it's taking so many of his students for such great stretches of time. The remaining teens can't seem to bother to be irritating, and barely whisper among themselves as Hux finishes writing his personal notes on Dracula on the chalkboard. He sits at his desk, crossing his legs in a careful way as to keep the neat crease in his trousers intact, and stares out the window aimlessly as the students' inkpens scratch at their books. It isn't like Hux to be aimless, and he knows it, and fleetingly wonders if he has caught what all of the children seem to have. It's halfway into second period when Kylo arrives, and Hux raps his knuckles with a ruler and calls him Ben. It earns him a snarl, and Hux puts the boy in detention immediately. "I'm not in the mood for your antics today," he mutters. "Get out your exercise book and get writing." Kylo haughtily picks up his book from Hux's desk, and tightens his scarf around his neck, despite the fact that it's approximately a hundred degrees outside. He sinks sullenly into a seat at the back of the room, and scuffs at the floor with his shoes as he starts copying Hux's notes. Hux considers confiscating his scarf, because it's mid summer in South fucking Carolina and he's just being ridiculous, but then realises that it is probably covered in neck sweat, and settles uncomfortably back into his desk chair to watch the nothingness out the window beside his seat. The classroom smells fusty and every surface that has the capacity to hold mould has it growing on it, even, inexplicably, parts of the wall. It's stuffy and confining, and Hux always looks forward to his breaks, until they arrive, and it occurs to him that the only other place he can go is the staffroom. The staffroom smells somewhat better, of burnt coffee and apple cores, but it's full of vile people and vile mess. At least the classroom has some level of order, and he can control most people in there. (Control is a lovely thing to Hux.) So Hux spends his short break on the school grounds, trying to ignore the jabbering children and enjoy the fresh air, and spends his lunch break in his classroom on his own. Occasionally, Phasma, an assistant from a department she never discloses, appears, and offers to share her Irish coffee with him. They are kindred spirits from the first day she passes his classroom. She wears very well-ironed clothes and she has her secrets, and Hux feels a strange closeness to her in those two things. She won't tell him her first name, and he's aware that 'Phasma' is probably something she lifted from a cereal box superhero cartoon, but it's alright, he thinks. There's things he won't tell her either, and it's hardly like they owe each other anything. Phasma can't be older than nineteen, and Hux is sure that that's not past the legal drinking age in the US, but he needs his coffee, and she's too wonderfully severe for him to abandon. (Hux likes order; Hux does not necessarily like the law.) The two of them pick at their packed lunches together. Hux systematically works through each item in the order he packed it, periodically looking out the window as he chews, while Phasma takes several bites of each thing, circling around her lunchbox until everything is finished. It's stuffy and warm inside, but out on the grounds everything is grey tinged, dashed with rain and darkened by dampness. "Did you see that?" Phasma asks, and Hux tears his eyes away from the window to look at her. "See what?" He glances briefly through the square of glass fitted into the classroom door that sees into the hall. "The children are back?" When Hux turns back to look at Phasma though, he realises that she wasn't looking at the corridor, she was watching the school grounds out the window with him. Something indeterminable flashes over her face. "Nothing," she says. "It's fine, there's nothing there." Hux eyes her for a moment, sniffs dismissively, then takes a sizeable bite of his apple. "You know I'm not one for small talk," Phasma says after a while. "I know very well," Hux says. He nearly adds, 'It's why I like you,' but he knows all too well that it would probably be a lie—he tolerates her, but he doesn't necessarily enjoy her company. He doesn't really enjoy anything. "And I'm certainly not one for formal social events," she continues. "But my father is remarrying in a week, and he insists that I have a date. He's forbidden me to turn up alone, lest I look like a single woman." The dry look on her face is enough to stir at least a little empathy in Hux. "I verily hope you aren't asking me to take you," he says, although he's well aware of what Phasma is asking. Phasma flicks the paper wrapper of her protein snack into the trash. "Would you?" "This sounds an awful lot like something one would do for a friend." "And we're not friends?" Phasma raises an eyebrow. Hux lets out a sharp breath. "I don't have friends," he says tersely. "We're mutually beneficial to one other. We keep each other company." "You mean we're friends," Phasma states. There's a pause, and Hux closes his eyes. "Your words only." A bustle of noise echoes down the hallway, and Phasma starts packing up her lunch. She's about to leave when Hux catches her arm. His face is smooth and his eyes show nothing as he speaks. "I'll take you." She smiles, her eyes unexpectedly warm, and pushes her blonde perm back into a neater arrangement as she turns to leave. Conveniently, she disappears out of sight a moment before the teenagers swamp up the corridors completely. Afternoon period is good. Hux starts a discussion on gothic literature, and Maria Wood recites the entirety of Edgar Allen Poe's The Raven by heart. Hux finds himself feeling rather restored by the end of it. An ordinarily quiet student makes several valuable points about growing use of the supernatural in eighteenth century works, and how it began to shape the way books were written, and Hux feels a vague sense of satisfaction. It's somewhat pleasing that his students have finally managed to learn something without him shoving it down their throats. He doesn't have a day that good again for a long while. Chapter 2 "You're not going to make me write lines, are you?" Kylo asks at the beginning of his detention after several minutes of silence. His deep voice is mismatched with his slightly disproportionate teenage face, and Hux thinks, almost aggressively, that someone so immature shouldn't have such verbal power. "Hardly," Hux says, not looking up from the work he's marking. "I'm not as conventional as you must think. I just appreciate order." He pushes a stack of papers across his desk towards Kylo. "You will finish any homework you have, then when you're done, you'll file these." Kylo is sat in the furthest desk back while Hux remains in his seat at the front of the classroom. The rest of the class is empty, and as is the school, save for any other detention classes that Hux might be unaware of. "You could have told me that when I first came in," Kylo bites out, hauling himself up onto his legs like it actually takes effort (Hux is aware of how the other children chatter about his muscles, while he wonders how people can marvel at something so trivial. Hux doesn't understand how someone can put such effort into something as pointless as a toned body, and then recoil at anything academic). "I've got no homework." "That's because you miss all of your classes," Hux says as Kylo makes his way through the desks towards the front of the room. He taps the neat pile of papers. "Here. These go in the filing cabinet." Kylo picks up the stack of papers and kneels down next to the cabinet, opening the lowest drawer first. "And besides," Hux says, continuing his point from earlier, "You ran in ten minutes early like you were late. The detention didn't start until four, and before the detention starts I can't tell you what to do. It's hardly my fault you sprinted to the furthest back desk before I could even speak." With a scowl, Kylo starts pushing random papers into the spaces between folders. Hux stands up immediately, eyes sharp and jaw set, and wrenches Kylo's arm back. He resists clapping the child over the head, and instead glares at him to illustrate his point. "You're meant to try and figure out the system for yourself," Hux says. "Not create a whole new one with no basis." "I can't work it out," Kylo says. "You aren't even trying, boy!" Hux is as close to incredulous as he has ever been at the immense laziness he's witnessing. "I wouldn't be able to do it if I tried." "But," Hux says in a lower voice, repressing his frustration, "You haven't yet." Kylo's eyes are wide and full of wretched insolence when he looks up at Hux, and the intensity of his gaze is enough to make Hux step back. "Just tell me what to do." Hux stands his ground. His mouth is tight, and he takes a breath before he speaks. "No," he says carefully. Something wild crosses Kylo's face, and he's on his feet in a second. "Tell me what to do!" Hux begins to seriously contemplate keeping that aforementioned rifle under his desk. Ignoring Kylo's outburst, he settles back into his seat and starts work on marking the papers again, while Kylo slams the cabinet drawer and tosses the files on the ground. The boy slumps onto his knees facing the wall and does nothing for far too long, and Hux is touching on suspicion when Kylo suddenly growls and turns back to face him. "Why won't you tell me?" Hux closes his eyes and breathes out. "You must learn for yourself. It's a valuable skill." He doesn't wait for Kylo to protest before he tells him, "I won't talk again until you're busy filing." It takes Kylo fifty nine minutes to work out Hux's filing system. Hux is quietly pleased when he does, and relaxes in his seat a little. The next half an hour is relatively good—as good as it can be for Hux when he's trapped in a stuffy classroom with his least favourite little insect. With his instinctive contempt for anyone with authority, Hux wonders how Ren is ever going to make it through his life. "I do hope this ends up teaching you not to be so disrespectful," Hux says after a while, "Because nobody told me it would cost me my afternoon." "Hardly like you'd have anything else to do with it," Kylo mutters. Hux stiffens. "Excuse me, boy?" Kylo eyes him with a look Hux swears he's seen before on the face of an attack dog or a rabid beast. Something like anxiety twists in his stomach for a moment, and he presses into it like a wound, and gives Kylo a sharp look. Blessedly, the boy backs down. "You need to learn your place," Hux snaps at him. Kylo grits his teeth, his jawline stiff, and stands up. His eyes draw to the clock on the wall, and Hux puts down his pen neatly—it's been precisely an hour and a half. He dismisses Kylo, who stalks out without closing the cabinet drawers or picking up the files strewn over the floor, and leaves, but only after he makes sure the front half of his classroom no longer looks like it was ransacked by an animal. — Hux doesn't exactly enjoy his weekdays teaching, but he prefers them to weekends. Weekends remind him that he has nothing. He sits at his desk and reads the newspaper, irons his clothes, and occasionally glances out the window to the end of the road, where there are people on the streets. He rarely lets himself look for long. Seeing other people living their lives reminds him of his isolation, and of what he has lost, and of what he will never have. — On Monday, Phasma is busy and Hux eats his undernutritious excuse for a lunch alone. Maria Wood doesn't talk, and the rest of the students bicker and giggle for the length of every single lesson, but blessedly, Kylo is 'absent'. Hux knows a good teacher would be bothered that one of their students couldn't care to attend, but Kylo is a misery to be around, and Hux is on the end of his tether. He gives the class a comprehension exercise that he can leave them with while he disconnects, and watches the school grounds out the window for the next hour. A leaf falling from a tree is the most interesting thing he sees (or perhaps the fly bumping against the glass earns that title?) until the largest animal he has ever seen prowls right up to the window, its eyes fixed hard on him. The creature is something between a wild cat and a hound, with matted black fur and a disturbing mass of muscle stretched over its bones. One leg is grotesquely torn, angling outwards in a way that could only mean that it was broken by force. Hux feels a terrible twisting in his gut. The beast bares its teeth like it's ready to lunge, and Hux stands suddenly, eyes wide, and stumbles over an incomprehensible "What—" as the monster locks eyes with him. A few students look up at him, waiting for him to say something, but he can't seem to manage even a sentence when faced with all their bemused faces. He looks away from the class and out the window again, at the empty school grounds, the fallen leaf, and the fly, and something drops in his stomach. Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The wedding is the following Saturday, and Hux is equally grateful for having something to do with his weekend and for the something being so very ordinary —normalcy is imperative if he is to ever spin his mind back into peak condition. Ever since Monday, there has been something... wrong about him. He works particularly hard to appear focused and official as usual that week, but he feels as if he has lost his concentration and preciseness —the essence of his being. He finds little difficulty in picking out something smart to wear for the wedding—on looking, he realises that he owns nothing remotely casual, and that essentially every outfit he owns would be appropriate. Eventually, he settles on his military uniform: he wears it to work every Friday and irons it every Saturday morning, and wearing it to the wedding on Saturday afternoon will slide perfectly into his schedule, as long as he stays in his nightclothes for an hour extra to iron and starch the uniform in the morning. Phasma looks unfortunately striking—Hux would go so far as to call her absolutely statuesque—when he meets her outside her grandmother's home, where she has been living since her mother's passing, since her father works almost obsessively. The warm light spilling from the living room window gives her a sort of glow at the edges, and her dress complements her skin tone rather impressively, and Hux thinks that the two of them would make a brilliant power couple, if only he was remotely interested in romance. He tells her so, and she tells him: "Shut up with your darn apple butter, Hux. I'm too young for you." He raises his eyebrows and laughs, and she does too. They don't laugh much together, but on the rare instances that they do, it's rather nice, Hux thinks. Mingling is inescapable at an event like this, but Hux is prepared. Each time someone prods too far, he steers the topic back to his time in the military—guests are always very impressed (and distracted ) by his display of badges and his uniform. Many of the younger women politely congratulate Phasma on her new love, only allowing themselves to whisper excitedly when her back is turned. Clearly, Phasma does not stand for that type of thing. Phasma is wise. Hux dreads the approaching small talk for every second he is at the dinner. It's not that he finds it difficult—it's that others feel difficult talking to him. He seats himself beside Phasma at the end of the table, an assuredly safe position, but then he comes across a place card reading a name that is most certainly not his own (Felicia Berry), and is forced to vacate the seat immediately by a startlingly flustered Phasma (who is in fact unutterably concerned with table manners). Eventually, they find their seats, and the dinner begins, and there are speeches and small talk and Hux is very unimpressed with all of it. The woman sitting beside him asks Hux a lot of questions about his life, and is almost shuddering with glee when she finds out he's a teacher. "Oh, you like children?" she asks excitedly. "Not particularly," Hux tells her. "I just take pride in being in control. Discipline is my passion." The woman backs down rather quickly then, and Phasma elbows him. "Stop it," she says. "I don't know why you have to be so rude to all the women that like you." Hux finishes his forkful of peas and raises an eyebrow. "I don't like them." Phasma smiles a little at that. She can understand. (They are kindred spirits.) "You don't have to be quite so terrible, though." "I didn't earn my title as General being nice." I didn't earn it at all, he thinks. — When dinner is finished, Hux escapes the crowd before he can get caught in all the talk of family, before he is introduced to everybody and he can never turn back. He considers fleeing back to his house (with dignity, of course), but remembers Phasma, and discovers that he does have a shred of compassion left when he waits two hours for her to be ready to leave. Phasma is oddly cheerful when Hux leaves her at her grandmother's house, and he begins to suspect that she does not hate her father at all. Perhaps he misjudged her character. (No one is ever really like him. He is too terrible for God to bear to replicate.) The next morning's paper is bleak but informative, and Hux reads every single word. He irons all of his clothes, including outfits he already ironed earlier in the week, and reorganises his perfectly organised cupboards. He doesn't really have any belongings—other than a dusty old game of monopoly and a few antique Civil War figurines his mother was particularly fond of—and he begins to think that perhaps he should go about getting a few. Books, of course, do not count. Books are not personal possessions, but the essence of one's being. It's a civilian thing he knows he should be doing, shopping for things other than food, and he's aware that if he ever wants to adjust he's got to start now, or he's damned for good. All the stores are closed on account of it being a Sunday, but Hux tells himself that he will go and get himself some sort of useless item that will hopefully collect sentimental value over the years tomorrow. (Or perhaps next Saturday.) His plans are conveniently cancelled when he returns to work, however. Mr Graves informs him that Ren (the entire school has taken to calling the boy that lately, as opposed to Kylo, with the widespread intention of seeming less personal) has landed himself in detention every day of the week save for Sunday, and Hux will be the one to take him. Hux was not aware that it was possible to delegate detentions to other teachers; Mr Graves tells him that it is a particular privilege that he has earned and Hux has not. Ren glares at Hux when he walks into his classroom on Monday afternoon (at four on the dot this time, and no earlier), ratty hair pushed back behind his ears, and a satchel over his shoulder instead of the desperately fraying backpack that usually accompanies him. Hux greets him with etiquette, and looks at him with disdain. "You're to file these this time," Hux tells the boy, pushing a few completed papers towards him to go in the cabinet. Ren scowls at the floor. "I did filing last time I was here." "Don't talk back," Hux snaps. "File, quietly." Ren doesn't take immediately, but once he does he doesn't make too much of a fuss. Hux decides that he must have been personally blessed by God today. He marks papers and finishes every scrap of work he has left in the blissful silence, and it's only when he moves onto half hearted lesson planning that Ren starts being himself again. "What's your name?" Hux doesn't look up from his neat, college ruled notebook to speak. "Hux." Ren tosses a piece of paper into the air and catches it swiftly before it flutters to the other side of the room. "No, what's your Christian name?" He looks between the drawers for a moment, then stuffs the booklet in the lower drawer. "I don't think it's any of your business, Ben ." All things about Hux are classified to the students, and even the majority of the school's staff. Not a single student knows his first name, and most are doubtful that he even has one. "I bet it's Gertrude," Ren says thoughtfully, and Hux glares at him. "I'm going to call you Gertrude." "You will call me sir," Hux snaps, staring hard down at his notebook, "and you won't dally about it." When Hux looks up a moment later, Ren is giving him that goddamn insolent look again. It seems to Hux that the boy's whole face is just naturally rude. He stares at Hux, refusing to back down, and Hux stares back. It's a while before Hux realises that he's not going to get anywhere glaring at the boy. The rest of the detention goes predictably terribly: Ren is spiteful, Hux stands his ground and thinks of horrible ways the boy would be taught a lesson if he were in the military with Hux. Hux retires to his father's house (he cannot call it his home, it will never be his own), and goes about his evening tasks. When he's taking the garbage out to the end of the road, at exactly 6pm like he always does, he catches Mrs Gutierrez from a few doors down, who tells him of the frightening white creature she saw at the park that disappeared before she could show a policeman. Hux presses her about it, something fearful flickering in his chest, growing as she describes it like an enormous hound that ran faster than a cheetah. "It was probably just a big shepherd," he reassures her despite how disturbed he feels. "You know how people are nowadays, letting their dogs run wild with no regard for the public." Mrs Gutierrez nods hesitantly. "We ought to be leashing dogs bigger than terriers." "A smart idea," Hux agrees, and ushers his neighbour gently back to her home so he can return to his scheduled activities for the evening. He realises once he gets back to his house that scheduled for tonight is nothing. Hux begins to enjoy being alone with his thoughts less and less every day. He reorganises his cupboards again, and turns all the lights on in the big house despite being aware of the blatant inefficiency of doing so, just to burn the darkness out of his head. For no particular reason, he begins to doubt whether he really had that conversation with Mrs Gutierrez. Perhaps his mind fabricated it. He slumps into the chair by the empty fireplace, and presses his hand to his forehead and feels himself sinking further and further. He isn't sure what he's sinking into. Hux is losing something, something more than he has already lost, which he didn't realise was even a possibility. It's gradual, but he feels like he's headed for a short drop not far from now. Fear is not something General Hux is well acquainted with. He senses that that may be changing soon. Notes: shit, i just love brackets, don't i Chapter 4 Hux wakes up in the middle of the night again to a horrible thud outside his window. He sits up rigidly, his skin too hot like he'd had a nightmare he couldn't remember. The window is within reach of his bed, and he carefully parts the shades to look outside. The street is empty, and all the lights in the houses down the lane are switched off. There's little out of place—until he notices his car, almost out of view, and the enormous dent on the hood, and the thing causing it: a bloody deer carcass. The smell of copper is in the air again, and Hux shudders as he pulls his dressing gown over his shoulders and ties the cord. Absently, he steps out of bed, and goes where his tired legs take him, down the long hallway adjacent to his room. The house is cold, but his skin still burns and prickles, and he begins to wonder if this is a night terror. He used to have night terrors as a child, and the nuns never did a particularly good job of comforting him, so he created his own methods of dealing with them. He breathes deeply, and pushes his hands into his pockets, grasping at the fabric and the lint just to have something to hold onto to stop his hands from shaking. When he reaches the living room, he begins to wonder why he'd thought it would be a good idea to get up. He sinks into an armchair and tries to stop himself shivering. He could light a fire, he thinks. But there's something about the idea of drawing attention to the fact that he's awake that pokes hard at the little ball of fear in his stomach, and he decides firmly against it. He sits tight in the big armchair, and pictures, in detail, how the course of the day might go tomorrow. It's reassuring. He'll write up those new notes on the board, the children will bicker and laugh among each other, and no one will step out of line. Maybe Ren will be absent, and Hux won't have to stay behind to take his detention. On the other hand—perhaps it would be better if Hux were to stay at school for as long as possible, in case of any incidents happening at the house again. Wolves, it must be, that left that deer on his car. Wolves about. — Ren is not, in fact, absent the next day. He's as present as ever, loud and rude, and with a great big gash down his stomach that he keeps showing around to everybody. "When you've finished showing yourself off," Hux says when the bell rings, "There's a lesson I'd really rather get on with." "Sorry, sir," Ren drawls, tilting his head back. What's his game? Hux thinks. The boy's never apologised before, even in the smug way he's testing out now. Hux stands, and starts neatly copying out his notes onto the blackboard. "Today we're going to be studying some of Thomas Hardy's works." He barely listens to himself as he talks, but it's all routine, and the words flow tidily out of his mouth the way he likes them whether he's concentrating or not. Subtly, he watches Ren, and for once, he doesn't see Ren glaring at him in return. Perhaps he's preoccupied with something. Most likely he's thinking about that wound on his stomach, and how he got it, or at least how he's telling everyone he got it—presumably a boastful tale of manliness involving a big fight, a pretty lady and a shiny car. In reality, Hux supposes that Ren probably thoughtlessly provoked somebody, somebody with a weapon on hand. He doesn't seem at all opposed to getting himself into terrible situations. The boy would probably poke a tiger with a stick just for the sake of it, given the opportunity. Tonight's detention is the least eventful so far: Ren hardly speaks, and actually does as Hux tells him. It's practically like he's a normal child, Hux thinks. Then he almost laughs at the hysterical sentiment. Phasma passes by the classroom about halfway through the detention, telling Hux that she'd had some work to catch up on and thought she'd check on him. Ren glances up at her, but he doesn't speak, and then—perhaps it's Hux's mind playing tricks on him, or perhaps it's the lack of sleep, but he swears that Phasma and Ren exchange a look, one of those looks that tells so much if you only know what to look for. Hux does not know what to look for; he just stares at Phasma indignantly. She doesn't seem to pick up on his bemusement and irritation when she tears her gaze away from Ren and back to him, where it's supposed to be. She's his friend—no, his counterpart, acquaintance—and Ren shouldn't be stealing her focus. He's just a mere child, with a sharp tongue and authority issues. Hux is cross with Phasma for the rest of the night. He thinks, in the morning, he'll confront her about—what is it he's angry about? She looked at Ren. She looked at Ren with something other than disgust, there's got to be something wrong. He'll... talk to her, at least, tomorrow. The files are all stowed away in Hux's cabinet quite soon, and Ren is resigned to sitting at one of the desks at the front of the room (Hux won't let him sit at the back anymore, it only causes problems and an insufferable amount of complaining) and doing nothing for the rest of the detention. Hux realises, to his dismay, that he has run out of things to mark around five minutes later. He scratches his nose and looks out the window at the grey sky, and the sun creeping behind the clouds. It's getting dark early. "How's that gash of yours?" he asks Ren, to pass the time. There's still a mountainous half an hour of this detention left. "Fine," Ren says, and coughs unenthusiastically (Hux is aware that it would be particularly disconcerting if Ren were to start coughing enthusiastically as an alternative, but it's the only word he can think of that fits). Hux crosses his legs, and smooths the paper on his desk. "You mind if I take a look at it? I think you ought to go to the nurse." An alarmed expression graces Ren's face for a moment, and Hux feels blessed to have witnessed something so rare. He only wishes he had a camera to capture it—he'd keep the photograph on his mantle, and smile as he thought of Ren's moment of weakness every time he passed it. "No," Ren says, and Hux looks up with a frown. "You can't see." "Why?" Hux asks. He's the boy's teacher, he does what he sees fit. "Bit of a change of heart, isn't it, considering how much you were showing it off this morning?" Ren scowls, and kicks at the leg of his desk. "For goodness sake, child," Hux says. "It could be infected, you must let someone examine it. At least say you'll go to the nurse, or have your parents take you to a doctor." "No," Ren says, his frown darker than ever. "If you must be so difficult." Hux stands up, and makes his way across the classroom to the door. "I'll call them, and tell them I insist." Ren stumbles out of his chair, and stares at Hux, half frozen between Hux and the door. "You can't," he demands. Hux narrows his eyes. "Show me." With a scowl, Ren grasps the hem of his shirt, then looks up at Hux, and pulls the shirt up his stomach so Hux can see—nothing at all. The cut is gone, and only a faint mark remains, just a thin whitish-pink line like an old scar. There's no questioning whether the cut had been real or not, it's clear that there had been a laceration—but Hux is looking at the result of weeks, maybe months of healing. Ren's fingers twitch, and he drops his shirt, and Hux feels himself struggle with what to put on his face when he meets Ren's eyes again, grappling for words and failing completely. It isn't the first time it's happened this week, and Hux is deeply disappointed in himself. "What on earth?" he manages, possibly an entire minute later. He waits for Ren to speak, but he just looks at Hux, the moment dragging on for an eternity. "Go," Hux says, "go wash that off." He prays that his guess is right, and that the mark is just some modern trick. It's the logical explanation. "I can't," Ren says. He scrubs at the mark and shows Hux: no difference has been made except for a slight reddening of the skin—the scar stays. "That wound earlier," Hux says quietly. "That was pretend, wasn't it?" He can't let this silly trick topple him, especially with how off-course he's been feeling lately. Ren doesn't smile like it's a trick, though. He looks rather anxious, under the usual layer of cool. "No, that was. It was real. It just healed." Hux's desperate desire to believe in the most logical answer doesn't do much to steady his voice. "Go home." He doesn't think he can stand this situation any longer. There's too much he can't think and can't say, and too much that he wants to. He closes his eyes, and presses the back of his hand to his face, and when he's managed to level his breathing, Ren is gone, chair tucked in and things taken with him, and it's pitch black outside. Chapter 5 Hux takes the next day off. Having never been absent from a lesson in years, it's quite a step, but he knows he can't fare another day so close to Ren when his mind is in such a state. He goes out into the town, intending to take a look in one of the stores that sell things other than food and acquire some sort of novelty item, just for the sake of having a possession of his own, but somehow, his feet take him past the shops and to the cemetery by the old church. His father's grave lies in the corner of the grounds, beside the iron gate. The headstone is slightly crooked, and Hux stares at it as he stands, barely stirring, against the wind. The inscription makes no mention of the dead man’s fatherhood or any of his family, it simply states: 'Brendol Hux, skilled businessman and hunter. Rest in peace' . On first seeing it, Hux had wondered if this really was his father—surely he would have made mention of his family on his gravestone, at least his son, who was a small child at the time he died. But judging by his own character, Hux is sure now that lying under that headstone is his father. From all he's read in the old papers at the library and his mother's diary that the nuns kept for him, he knows what his father is like, and rather despises him. Once upon a time, Hux had actually been interested in learning about his parents, but that interest soon petered out when he came to learn that his father had been a wife-beating racist and his mother had killed herself without any thought for her infant son. Hux himself is British, raised in an orphanage in England where his family had originally lived. His father had divorced his mother, Laura, shortly after Hux had been born, and left for America, where he ended up getting killed in a hunting accident less than a year before Laura's death. The only evidence that existed of Hux ever having a family was the property left to him by his father that he would inherit when he came of age. Hux always wondered why his father would leave him such a great house when he seemed not to care for him at all—guilt was the conclusion he came to in the end: guilt is a common motivation for the quietly bigoted man. A twig snaps and Hux cannot discern which direction the sound came from. He pulls his coat tighter around his shoulders. The sweltering haze of last week is over, but it is isn't too cold, and the wind is gentle—he feels insecure, especially in a place of the dead, after the strange things that have happened to him. A bird whistles, and for a moment Hux thinks he recognises the tune from somewhere else, but he can't pinpoint where, and settles down on his knees on the grass. It makes a soft crackling sound against his suit trousers, and he can feel a little of the dampness from the earth touching at his knees. "Hello," Hux says to the gravestone. He isn't expecting it to talk back—in fact, he isn't expecting anything at all. He didn't think it would be likely that he would even have the courage to speak, and now that he has, he doesn't know how to continue. Talking to dead people like they're still around, it's something the most ignorant of people do, clinging to the belief that their loved one may still be somehow aware of them despite knowing for a fact that it's impossible. It's rather a selfish thing to do, Hux thinks. The epitome of weakness. Yet here he is. "I don't really know," he says, "What you'd be like if you were around now." He casts his eyes down and thumbs at a stalk of dead grass. It's not really green anymore, just sort of yellowed, and brown at the edges, like it's been sheltered from the sun for too long. "But I can't assume you would have changed much. Especially judging by how my character has... persevered for so long." Hux's words taste bitter on his tongue, and he realises only now how much he hates that he is like this. So cold . No matter, the thought of changing in the slightest still repulses him. "I'm sure you'd be ashamed of the way I'm letting all these silly incidents affect me," Hux says. "Heaven knows why I'm even considering such illogical things." He hasn't yet let himself try to determine what may be happening, out of fear or just overwhelming confusion. He supposes that he should at least begin to put the pieces together into some sort of silhouette of a guess, but he is tired of logic, and he is tired of being the person that he is. There are flowers at some of the other graves, in various withered stages of death. A breeze goes by, and a single flower in a bunch is torn away by the stem, and rolls across the grass, bumping against the uneven ground. Hux glances along its path; it stills at an old headstone, and he startles when he sees a beast stood beside it. It looks different to the one he saw in the school grounds, it has no fur, just a strange sort of dark bluish skin with a brown mottling at the neck. The skin looks slick and textured, almost like scales but in much odder, more irregular shapes—but the way it moves is identical, there's no mistaking that’s it’s the same creature as before. Hux glares at the thing. He won't have it run away again. There's a scattering of people on the other side of the gates behind Hux. Can they see the creature from where they are? He wonders, if they can: will they approach him to help, will they do anything about it? Or will they blame the image on a strange state of mind, like he should be doing, but can't seem to bring himself to? Hux pleads (and he doesn't plead often) that somebody else is seeing what he is. Not so that they can help—just so that he can feel validated. As if it's sensed his thoughts, the creature backs into the shelter of the tangled foliage growing on the side wall of the church, disguising its odd skin with the dappled shadows of the leaves. Hux stands, brushing off his knees carefully, and advances a careful few steps towards it. He considers what exactly he is going to do when he is within arm's length of it. It's rather disastrous to think about the fact that he hasn't a plan yet, but he's hoping with a very large portion of his being that one comes to mind before the thing is close enough to eat him, or whatever it is it intends to do. Despite the urgency of his current situation, Hux is baffled to notice that the dampness of his knees is bothering him. He glances down at his ruined pants in quiet dismay, and then up at the beast, which cocks its head to the side, and seems to follow with its eyes where Hux had been looking at his knees. Its shoulders relax a little, and Hux reaches out a hand, as slowly as he can bear. It's an enormously ill thought out move, but a little part of him is insisting that the animal won't bite, and for once Hux thinks he'll listen to that little nudge to break out of what's logical. His feet edge closer, and the creature makes a low, rumbling growl—and it's terrible, it's ridiculous, but it sounds to Hux like a dare. "Come on, then," Hux says in a subdued tone. "Eat me." There's calm in his voice. He hasn't consciously decided anything, but the part of his mind he cannot control no longer cares whether this beast is real or not: it just wants him to do something mad. The creature's eyes pull away from his knees, and two lumps either side of its head that could possibly be ears flatten. A soft, grumbly sound comes from the thing's throat. Hux's hand remains outstretched. He lets out a breath, and his hand drops slightly. "Sir?" Hux breaks focus at the sound of a woman's voice behind him, and the second his head turns in the slightest, the creature bolts at impossible speed—Hux cannot even tell which direction it went in. His shoulders slump, and it comes to his attention how tightly wound he was. He turns fully with an exhale he refuses to class as a sigh. "Yes, ma'am?" The woman is standing just outside the gates. "Are you alright there, sir?" She's just on the younger side of middle aged, holding a number of shopping bags from the non-grocery type stores Hux had originally intended to visit today. Her husband must be nearby, he deduces. "All well and good," Hux says sweetly. "Thought I saw a nice rare bird." The woman smiles a rosy smile. "That's alright, then. I'll be on my way!" She totters off to a man wearing a bowler hat just outside the gates. Hux wonders what a pristine little life she must live to be able to take his mocking sugariness as ordinary. He doesn't say goodbye to his father when he leaves the cemetery. His shoes make soft sounds just on the edge of crunching as they tread through the grass, and he passes through the gates without looking back for the creature. The flower head that had broken from the bunch is stuck to his shoe, and he nudges it off, and tramples it again as he leaves. Chapter 6 Notes: apologies for the atrociously long wait. this chapter is longer than usual to make up for it!! The car on Hux's drive is still dented and mostly dysfunctional, although he did manage to remove the deer carcass from its bonnet discreetly a few hours before Mrs Gutierrez noticed and enquired as to how exactly a large deer ended up on top of his automobile. He supposes he'll bring it to the shop at the weekend. Taking another day for himself away from work would be pushing this self-care thing a little too far for his liking. On the first morning break after Hux returns to school, Phasma brings him a flask of soup, and concurs that this does not make them friends before he can even speak. She loiters about his classroom during her free period until lunch, casually demonstrating her brilliant knowledge of modern literature and assisting the children when Hux becomes too distracted. Hux knows that he is blessed to have her. He doesn't see another one of those beasts for three days, nor does he see Ren for the same stretch of time, and it's the most peaceful interval he has experienced possibly since childhood. When the weekend rolls around, he feels incredibly capable all of a sudden, and drives his barely functional car to the motor garage as early as he knows it'll be open. He parks in the furthest forward spot available: the place is entirely empty. A mechanic is lounging about in a windowed office, throwing grapes vaguely in the direction of his mouth and missing every time, and Hux nods at him as he climbs out of the door. There's a distinctive smell of oil and metal in the air, lingering, hanging there heavily, and it takes a moment, but Hux recognises it—it's the smell always lingering around Ren, it's metal . Iron and rust. Perhaps the boy works in a garage on the weekends. Hux hopes he isn't employed at this one. Hux seats himself in the waiting room, in one of the worn, mock-leather chairs coloured a shade of red that is neither pinkish nor yellowish but still somewhat light, and eyes the magazines on the table with disdain. He briefly considers picking one up and leafing through it just for the sake of looking down on every article inside, but he thinks twice. Instead, he examines the building around him. The structure of the place is odd, and there is a sense that something is amiss, but Hux cannot pinpoint what it might be. Maybe it's just the feeling that being somewhere unusual and public early in the morning brings: a strange sense of unreality that he can never manage achieve in another setting. Black cracks spread like claws from the corners of the metal beams stretched over the ceiling, and smudges of oil lie uselessly in the floor. For a place whose main purpose is fixing things, it looks rather unsafe. Through the glass of the waiting room, Hux watches with disinterest as the mechanic begins to work, prodding at machines and things. A large motor runs with a loud thrumming sound that sits in Hux's stomach, and he closes his eyes and waits. When he comes back to himself, his fingers are cold, even his bones feel cold, and the thrumming noise is gone. Instead, there is overwhelming silence. He cannot find words to make sense of how he feels. All he can discern is that it is not normal. The shop is dark, and Hux can just about see his car, but it doesn't appear to have been fixed particularly well, and the mechanic isn't around. "Sam?" Was that his name? For the life of him, Hux cannot remember. He stands up, and takes a few steps into the empty garage. "Samuel?" A reply comes several moments later. "Hello?" Another few seconds, and it's accompanied by a face. "Oh, you're still here?" The mechanic sounds surprised, and Hux becomes suspicious. It isn't as if it was difficult to see him through the waiting room window. "I thought you'd have gone home." Hux checks his watch, then stuffs his freezing hands into his suit pockets. No wonder it's cold, it's nearing midnight. "When will you be finished fixing my car?" he asks. "It'll take a tad more work," the mechanic says. "You can take it home tonight, but we'll need it back early tomorrow." "Isn't tomorrow Sunday?" Hux catches the young man's name sewn onto his pocket—he'd been right the first time, it was Sam. "Surely you'd be closed. I could have sworn that's what the sign said—" "No, the boss is letting me work some extra," Sam insists. "First thing Sunday, I'll be here for sure." Hux nods, but he still feels uneasy. The mechanic smiles and turns around to start fiddling with an odd machine Hux can't name, and Hux supposes that that means he should go. He takes a closer look at his car, and sinks into the seat with a sigh at the knowledge that probably no work has been done on it all day. He considers complaining about his Saturday being wasted, but closes his mouth on the words when he realises that he most likely wouldn't have done anything particularly interesting anyway. The roads are empty on his way back. Oranato isn't the sort of place where people go out after dark. The town... it transforms at night. There's a hum in the air, a faint sense of danger. Things happened, before Hux arrived, and nobody forgot. Hux ignores the pressing sensation in the back of his head, and drives with his window open and his headlights on bright. It's raining, but it's not particularly chilly out, and Hux likes the feel of the wind as it rushes through the window. The conical beams of his headlights illuminate the raindrops that fall ahead of him, glinting a wet shade of white, and—and then, a man, in the middle of the road—no, a creature stands there on its hind legs, its spine bending impossibly as the rain soaks through its skin. Its vertebrae snap one by one in a sequence that lasts less than a second, and black water drains down its legs onto the ground. Hux pulls sharply at the wheel and steps on the brakes hard, frozen as the car jolts to a stop and his body lurches forward like a crash dummy. As soon as the vehicle stops, however, he snaps into action, forcing the car door open faster than it can go, and running frantically for the beast. But there is nothing . Not a trace of the creature remains. Hux looks in all the directions the thing could have run, but the road and the corn fields that surround it are empty. He grits his teeth and his mouth twists into a snarl as he kicks at the damp concrete, abandoning his collected manner in the dark street. The rain dribbles through his hair, softening the pomade he uses to keep it in place. He drops his head and his wet hair presses against the side of his face, the anger in the bottom of his stomach burning into an ache through all of him, rotten like a bad tooth. He sucks in a breath of stiff, damp air, and gets back into the car, and his foot is just pressing on the gas pedal when his headlights illuminate the fallen tree on the road not too far ahead of him. A black crack sears down the middle of the trunk, splitting the tree in two. Lightning, Hux rations, but he can't imagine he slept through a thunderstorm in the garage waiting room with the door open, and it certainly hadn't been there on his way over. Rain slides over the splintered body of the tree, drowning the singed wood. He watches it for a few moments, a frown on his face and his mouth turned down at the sides. With a shuddering growl, he starts the engine again, and takes the car back by the long route. Not five minutes into his journey, he drives by a man walking in the dead grass by the side of the road. The figure carries no bags, and wears only a shirt and worn out slacks, and the rain falls hard onto his shoulders, plastering his shirt to his back, and his hair to his neck. Hux feels something akin to empathy, or perhaps pity, and slows the car. The man turns, wary, and Hux startles for a second at the face he is met with—it's Ren, a boy and not a man, and Hux's vague compassion dissolves instantly into hostility. Ren's expression matches Hux's in shock for a moment. Ren breaks out of it when a sheet of rain slams down on his neck from the tree above though, and the muscles in his face tense into a frown. Hux feels a quiet satisfaction at Ren's discomfort, and rolls up his window, lifting his head haughtily. Through the closed window Ren shouts something, and raps on the glass. His large nose is wrinkled in discomfort and his mouth is pitifully twisted, but Hux has no desire to let him in. Kylo Ren is an insect, and one doesn't generally let insects in their car. The rain falls heavier by the minute, and Hux watches the drops hit the grounder harder and harder. He does not drive away. He takes a leisurely breath, and looks out the window again as he lets it out. Ren's shoulders are so tensed they're almost up by his ears. Hux rolls down the window a crack. "Yes?" "Can you give me a ride?" Ren demands, shivering furiously in the wind. He's soaked to the bone, and since he isn't actively doing anything to disrupt Hux's mood, Hux decides on doing the humane thing rather than letting Ren suffer. He huffs, and mutters something about God that his father would most likely be horrifically ashamed of, and leans over to open the passenger door. Ren hurries around the front of the car, his steps heavy and clumsy, and drops his large body into the seat. His wet clothes squelch against the leather, and he breathes rapidly and shallowly. This is perhaps the only thing he may have in common with Hux: it appears he dislikes the rain. Then again, on consideration, Hux dislikes a wide variety of things, and there was bound to be an overlapping somewhere. Ren slams the door, and Hux is grateful for the noise, because he knows the silence that will follow will be abysmally uncomfortable. "Where am I taking you?" Hux asks. Ren rubs his face clumsily. "What?" Hux eyes him. "I said, where am I taking you?" "You can just drop me somewhere by the church," Ren says, slouching further into the seat. "I live near there, it's close enough." "Alright." The last blessed non conversational word has been uttered. The end is nigh. Hux hopes that even Ren won't sink so low as small talk. He starts driving again, and stares purposefully at the road. Just having Ren in his peripheral vision makes him uncomfortable, especially squirming around in his seat like an infant. He wonders if his parents make him sit in the back seat. They must do, unless somehow they've grown tolerant of this absolutely infuriating behaviour—that is a possibility, after all. If you live in a pigsty for long enough, eventually you will become tolerant of the smell of putrid pig faeces and dirt. Hux can still hear Ren breathing as they drive down the dark suburban roads. He opens his window further to drown out the irritating sound, but then Ren starts talking , and Hux knows he is ruined. "Why are you out so late?" Ren asks. "I might ask the same to you." Ren's only response to that is a shrug, and within a second Hux is already beyond incensed. It's beyond him how a child can be so rude to his elders. Perhaps it's his upbringing? Hux looks back on the pigsty theory—maybe his parents grew so used to his terrible behaviour that they just gave up on disciplining him. Or perhaps Ren is just inherently stupid. "Don't be simple," he snaps at Ren. "Use your words." "I don't have to answer to you," Ren says. Hux smiles slightly at the road. "Yes, you do." Ren frowns, and kicks at the floor of the car. Hux can't imagine him being any more childlike than this. "Then you have to tell me what you were doing," Ren announces, triumphant as if he's actually come up with something remotely clever. It's almost impossible for Hux to swallow his laugh. "I'm an adult," he says. "I'm allowed to have a private life." "And I'm not?" Ren asks immediately. "You are a child," Hux states, as if that will explain everything. "Stop saying that. I'm nearly a grownup, and I will be next year, so you may as well treat me like one." Hux has never seen such inanity. Every word out of Ren's mouth is a disaster. "I can't even dignify that with a response." Ren's frown stays in place but his mouth turns up into a smile. "You just did, though." Hux sucks on his teeth and glares at the dimly lit road in an attempt to keep his eyes away from Ren's face. A part of him is compelled to look, and he can't quite comprehend why. It's probably spite, he reasons. He must want to stare at Ren to spite him. The church is large and looming in the weak light, its grey walls saturated in a strange kind of green, and he pulls the car to a halt in front of it. The rain is lighter now, but heavy enough to rustle the leaves when it hits them, and the movement in the bushes reminds Hux of his experience with the creature in the graveyard. He taps his fingers on the steering wheel. Ren doesn't quite seem to have noticed that they've come to a stop. "We're here," Hux prompts. Ren doesn't reply for a moment, too absorbed in the rain or the leaves or whatever small thing has stolen his entire focus. He's still breathing heavily. Hux is beginning to assume that that's the norm for Ren, and everything he does is all or nothing: breathing like a rhino with phlegm or not making a sound at all depending on which way he's leaning that day. "Okay," Ren says shortly, and pushes the door open and steps out into the empty road. He doesn't say thank you or goodbye, and although Hux can hardly have expected manners from him, he feels a little taken aback. The sounds of Ren's steps in the dirt are loud and distinct, and Hux sits and listens to them until they fade away. He doesn't look up from the steering wheel. When he starts the car again, hardly having noticed turning the engine off in the first place, he wonders why that little part of him had expected such a polite gesture. 'Thank you'. He's not even sure the words are in Ren's vocabulary. He finds himself shaking his head at his own naivety. That little incident with the tree must have shaken up the logic centre of his brain, he thinks. That's the only explanation. Chapter 7 Notes: little warning for hux using the word insane and being an all around ass to phasma The house is chilly and empty, and Hux goes straight to his room when he returns home from the mechanic. He presses a cool hand to his forehead and sits on the bed with a bottle of that new medicine Tylenol for his headache—the one that seems to have been coming and going since he first saw that creature. Maybe he's just overthinking things, though. No matter, he can't seem to get Ren out of his head, and he's sure that must be exacerbating his symptoms. Even with a neutral expression, Ren's face is so offensive to Hux it leaves him consumed with anger. Well, not exactly anger, but some unpleasant emotion he can't put a name to—and he's an English teacher. He tips out a couple of the pills and swallows them dry, shrugging his coat off as he does so. He's still very damp all over from the rain, and he knows that what he needs is a good hot shower and a strong coffee, but he really doesn't have the motivation to do anything but peel off his wet clothes and pull on his pyjamas. Even then, he's not sure he'd have the energy to pull the covers over himself after he'd changed. He hadn't realised he was so ridiculously tired: his limbs are heavy, his eyes are aching and it feels like he has to make an effort just to keep breathing. The sheets are cool when he slides into bed, and it's not exactly comfortable since his skin is still a little damp and soft from the rain, but his head is hot and his pillow is the good kind of cold and he presses the side of his face into it. It takes longer than he expected to sleep: he can't seem to get his mind to slow. Ordinarily he could just will his thoughts to stop and they would, but he seems to have lost that mechanical synchronicity with his subconscious. Eventually he does fall under, and he sleeps for hours and hours. Even when he wakes up, his thoughts are so clouded and disordered that he can't even command himself to sit up. When he finally fully comes back to himself, it's past noon, and he scrambles to dress fast enough to leave so he can get to the shop before that mechanic leaves. The place is empty when he arrives, and the machine the mechanic had been working on yesterday has vanished. In its place is a dusty square of ground, a lighter shade of grey than the rest of the floor. Hux looks around the windowed office, but there doesn't seem to be anyone in there either. At the back of the place is a large garage door, probably concealing some sort of storage room, and Hux scans the frame for a mechanism to open it. When he does manage to get the door open and lays eyes on the empty room with dead bits of motors stacked about, he knows that Sam will must have left and that he's most likely overstepping his bounds by nosing around—and he's not normally the curious type at all, but there's that buzz in the air again. Something’s out of place. Hux takes another careful step into the back room, purposefully aware of his what's in peripheral vision. For the second time in a long while, he feels he could admit that he's scared. The room is deceptively large; all the metal pieces piled around incite a feeling of claustrophobia, but every step gives way to a new point of view. When Hux finally sees it, at first he doesn't really register that anything is wrong. Sam is there, behind a haphazard stack of wing mirrors, crouching down and examining that machine he'd been working with last night. He must have dragged the thing all the way in here. There's a puddle of oil around him, and a foul smell coming from the machine, and Hux thinks Sam must have broken something rather important. "Apologies for my lateness," Hux says. Sam ignores him. Hux clears his throat. "When can you start work on my car again?" Sam doesn't reply again, and it's around then that Hux notices that he isn't moving at all, and that he isn't actually crouching. He hopes he's just seeing things, but no—Sam's legs are crushed under the great piece of machinery, and he isn't examining anything at all, his face is merely resting on a metal panel. Hux feels everything shift around him in that horrible way that it does when one realises that something truly bad has happened, and he almost wants to leave before he can confirm the bleak suspicions he has. He doesn't, though, and he walks up to Sam—and he knows, and now he cannot un-know. Sam is very dead. Hux is cold and severe, but he isn't quite sociopathic (although he is halfway there). He might like to make out that he is invincible, but death disturbs him almost as much as it does anyone else. He stares at the body of the young man he'd talked to just yesterday and tries to calm his confused mind enough to be able to think in more than just jumbled words. Once he has managed to quiet his stumbling thoughts, the (very logical) panic sets in: he was the last customer to see Sam, and the first to find his body. Everything will lead to him. It would appear an accident to an unbiased perspective, but the government knows how smart he is, and what he is capable of. To Hux’s dismay, he realises that the puddle on the floor his eyes had carelessly skimmed past isn't in fact, oil, but blood, and the bad smell—dear god, it's blood too. Hux dares himself to take a step closer, willing himself not to make a sound, and stares at the body, his mind piecing together all the ways this could possibly have happened. Perhaps the mechanic tried to lift the machine to reposition it, and inadvertently switched it on, catching him by surprise—and by his collar. Hux can't really tell the specifics. He knows for sure that it must have been an accident, though, it can't be anything more sinister than that, no matter what the government will make of it. He looks down at the puddle, and snatches his foot away when he sees that the tip of his shoe is sticky with blood, and his heart bangs against his ribcage. Once he's recovered and scuffed the blood off his shoe, he catches the name stitched onto the pocket of the jumpsuit— Sam, it reads, and his face twists up. Death is so much more unnerving when there's a name to go with it. There's little else to do but leave; Hux knows he can't call the police. They know things about him, and he cannot be connected to this, as innocuous as it appears. He leaves the back room, and scans around for the customer list, the appointment book, anything that might link him to the scene, then rubs out his name until there's only a faint indentation left, and scribbles a fake name in its place. His car is still dented and half broken, but it moves, and that's enough for Hux. He drives home the long route, avoiding the fallen tree, and locks himself in his bedroom as soon as he arrives at his house. His scrambled head can't conjure up any ideas of what to do to take his mind off the unfortunately rational anxiousness over being tied to this man's death. He settles for reading one of the books he's only read ten times before, and sinks down on his bed with a compilation of Edgar Allen Poe's works. His eyes flicker over the words of The Raven until he actually starts to hear a knocking at his door, and forces himself to get out of his bedroom and make some tea—but down in the kitchen he starts remembering things he hadn't wanted to remember, and the mug goes cold before he can even take a sip. Hux does not remember going to bed. In fact, he doesn't remember anything else about what happened after he left the mechanic's when he wakes up on Monday. He's already dressed, but he changes anyway for the sake of it—and because he can't have anyone seeing wrinkles in his shirt lest they'll doubt his austerity. He only has two pairs of shoes, and his other pair are still damp from Saturday's rainstorm, but the dry pair have blood on the toes, so he wears the damp ones anyway. And he'd thought things were bad before. He'd laugh at himself if he were just a tad less sane. Everything is very normal at school, and Hux is painfully aware of it, and can't help but feel that things should be different. His brain has been thrown off the tracks, but nothing has changed here, and there's something about that that confuses a small part of him, although he is loath to admit it. He wants something to stimulate him, to busy his mind so that he can dull his buzzing thoughts. When he sees Phasma at break he's grateful, of course, but quietly he's more grateful that next period Kylo Ren will be in his classroom, lollygagging and spouting overconfident nonsense and taking up all of Hux's energy. For once he looks forward to being exhausted by Ren's idiocy. Ren is even more overstimulated than usual: he gets out of his seat more than six times over the course of the lesson, despite Hux's stringent rules about remaining in one's chair, shouts across the class, and doesn't finish a single piece of work. Hux smacks his knuckles with a ruler and gives him the sharpest look he can, but it seems to make little difference, and by the end of the lesson Hux is beyond infuriated. At least the irritation is more tolerable than absolute panic though, he decides. When the bell finally rings and Hux dismisses the class, he learns, to his bewilderment, that this is a double period, and that he must have got his timetable mixed up in his head. He's more ashamed than he has probably ever been, and holds the class up through the remaining period with much less enthusiasm than before. Once the students are settled with a new analytical exercise he thought up off the top of his head, he sinks back into his chair like an old man, and sits watching the floor for much of the rest of the hour. Distracting himself suddenly seems to matter a lot less than getting some rest. His shoes are taking up all of his attention though, and he can't seem to stop thinking about how uncomfortable they are—they still haven't been given a chance to dry. Discreetly, he takes them off under the desk to save himself from the discomfort of cold wet feet for just a few minutes, but blast it, Kylo spots him and gives him a weird frown. To Hux's puzzlement, he doesn't point it out to the class, but just carries on with his work. Forty minutes later, the class ends (for real this time), and Hux catches Ren's eyes on him as he walks out to go to lunch. He stares back, for a moment, but then Ren looks away and hunches his shoulders up, and Hux watches the other students go instead. When the last student has left, Hux suddenly gets the urge to lie on the floor, and possibly go to sleep. He might as well not have slept a wink last night for how restless he was, and how terribly unrefreshed he feels now. The impulse to lie down is lingering in his head, and faintly, he recognises that it's not a good idea, and finds himself doing it anyway. Several minutes later Phasma appears above his head, and he comes back to himself from the vague stupor he'd fallen into. "Hello," he says candidly. "Hello," Phasma says, with a little frown. "Are you supposed to be down there?" Hux shifts, but doesn't sit up. "I thought I was in need of some rest." Phasma nods, but she looks like she's withholding something. "I might be overstepping my bounds," she says after a pause, "but are you alright?" With a flicker of concern, Hux rolls onto his side so he doesn't have to look her in the face. Phasma is not usually bothered about what bounds she is overstepping. "You've been acting rather strange." Hux gives a sigh, and it feel heavy in his chest lying down. He slumps onto his back again. From his position the floor, Phasma's face looks a little different, somehow warped. Hux decides that if he raises his gaze just a few inches upwards he could probably see up her skirt. If he was interested, he thinks, she would probably indulge him. But alas, it still doesn't appeal to him. "I have been acting rather strange, haven't I?" he says. "Yes," Phasma agrees tentatively. "That is what I just said." Hux hauls himself up so he's resting on his elbows. "I'm terribly sorry," he says, rubbing at his brow with one hand. "Things are going on." Perhaps he could tell her, about the creatures, at least. He lets himself consider it: it probably wouldn't have any particularly permanent consequences, especially in comparison to explaining why he's so afraid of being incarcerated for an accidental death he had nothing to do with. "I keep," he manages. Phasma inclines her head and puts on her best listening face. She's aware that he'll know it's forced, but she probably knows he needs a little extra encouragement right now. "I keep seeing these creatures," he forces out. He can't make himself look up, and just stares at the ugly carpet, and at his shoes, sitting by the leg of his desk. "I think - " He sighs. Phasma is probably still giving him the Listening Look. "I'm not imagining things. They're real, and I think they're a danger to the town." Phasma doesn't reply, and when Hux looks up, to his surprise, her listening face is gone, replaced with a conflicted expression. There's something else there too that Hux can't put his finger on, and it makes him wonder with a brief flicker of hope if she might have seen the creatures too. "You're under a lot of stress," she says, and her face relaxes into a blank slate. Something cold drops in Hux's chest like a stone. Before Phasma can continue, he sits up and says to her, "You know something. Don't you?" She has to. Why else would she be acting so strange? "I know that you haven't been right lately, and this could be - " "You know about the creatures. You do." Hux glares at her, and the look he gets back is so intense he almost turns away. "I don't know anything," Phasma says harshly. "We're not in danger. You're hallucinating, there's no other explanation." Hux straightens up and his jaw sharpens. "I am your superior, woman. I'm not insane, you're hysterical. Leave me be." He knows that he's saying some rather unforgivable things, but it will hardly change anything, in the bigger picture. He doesn't have friends; it's not something fate will allow him. Phasma gives him a sad frown, and walks out, the door closing behind her. Hux looks at the ceiling. This would be a perfect time, he thinks, for one of the beasts to show up. He's emotional enough, for once, that he thinks he could capture it just from the pure force of how much he wants to. Nothing appears though, and when he looks out the window, the grounds are just full of teenagers, sitting at benches and eating their lunches and chatting. Maria Wood is surrounded by friends, and he gives a little smile at that. She's a good student. Then his eyes catch on Ren. He's alone, apparently kicked off the benches, sitting on the floor. His ungracefully large legs are crossed, and his back is hunched down so it's difficult to see his face. He doesn't seem to have a lunch, just an apple. Hux feels that vague sympathy he'd felt in the car when he spotted Ren outside on his way back from the mechanic. He'd thought that Ren had been popular for his strength and boisterousness—that is what teens are impressed by these days, isn't it?—but it appears that it was only superficial admiration that Hux had been witnessing. Ren looks rather sad and alone. It should make Hux feel better, to see Ren suffering, but this time he's feeling something else. Chapter 8 Notes: im having a great day so i just wanted to wish everybody who's reading this (and everybody who's not!) a really nice day. you're super!! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Hux feels as if his day is moving in slow motion—it’s the way every day has been since he found that mechanic dead at the shop. Everything is a haze of anxiousness and overanalysing. It takes what feels like years for the students to clear out of the classroom at the end of final period, and when they're finally gone, Hux finds himself actually stumbling in his hurry to get home. He's not sure what he actually has such a great need to do once he is at his house—possibly he will lie down and try to die; that's all he can think of. When he reaches his car, however, he realises that he has forgotten his shoes . He’s taken to discreetly removing them under his desk near the end of the day, since he feels so terribly uncomfortable all the time and it seems to alleviate the feeling slightly. It may have something to do with the blood on the toes of his main pair, it may not. He stands looking at his socks for several moments before he can muster up the willpower to go back inside. Now that he's aware of it, his feet do feel very cold, and the soles of his socks are covered in dirt and little bits of cement. Perhaps he really is losing his mind, to forget his fucking shoes. The school has emptied rather quickly, and Hux doesn't bump into any children or other teachers on his way back to his classroom. It's quiet, and there's quite a pleasant atmosphere about. He wishes school was always like this. When he reaches the classroom though, he gets the shock of his life—or, well, perhaps not, considering that he did stumble upon a dead body in a puddle of blood yesterday, not to mention that his army years were filled with horrors. Ren is sitting in his desk chair, cross legged, lounging about like the place is his. "You forgot your shoes," Ren says when his eyes meet with Hux's. Hux shoots a pointed look his way and bends to put his loafers back on. "That's beside the point. What are you doing in my classroom?" "Detention," Ren explains. Then he gives a little frown. "You hadn't forgotten, had you?" There's a note of teasing in his voice, and a muscle in Hux's jaw slips. He cannot remember giving Ren a detention at all, but he can't stand for this right now. "Get out," Hux says. "Just go home. I don't have time for you tonight." Ren's brow knits together further, and Hux suspects that he's taking it personally, despite the fact that he's made it clear he doesn't enjoy spending time with Hux. "Why?" he demands. "Because," Hux says, seething, "You're a miserable little rat and I need a lie down." He scrubs his hands over his face and begins to lament his words immediately. He expects Ren to laugh at his little slip in professionalism, but just like with the shoe incident, he stays quiet, and gives him that weird look again. Several moments pass by, and Hux stares at his shoes, while Ren watches him. "Do you want an apple?" Ren offers arbitrarily. Hux looks up, incredulous, as Ren fishes an apple out of his satchel. He narrows his eyes. "Let me see inside that bag," he says. Ren offers up the bag, and Hux leans forward and peers inside with a downward curve of his lips. The schoolbag is filled with apples, and cushioning them are two crumpled pairs of dark slacks and a shirt. Not a single book. "You're a strange boy, Kylo Ren," Hux finds himself saying. Ren looks rather flattered, and Hux almost laughs in disbelief. Only Ren could take that as a compliment. "Would you care to tell me why there isn't a single book in there?" Hux asks. A shrug. "I keep them at school." "Well, then." It's not a very sound defence, but Hux isn't in the mood to press. "Why the apples?" Now Ren looks caught off guard. He looks like he's thinking very hard before he says, "I live near an orchard." "I didn't know there was an orchard near the church." Ren uncrosses his legs and stands up. His pants are creased, and his face looks slightly askew. "Well there is," he states with pointed finality. "When am I supposed to serve my time if you're going home now?" He looks frustrated, as always. Hux's eyebrow raises a little at his likening of the school to a prison. It's hardly like Hux forces him to show up, even when he ought to. "We can do it tomorrow," he says. That urgency is back in Ren's eyes. He's angry. Hux would feel scornful, if he had enough energy. The boy needs to learn to stop letting his emotions manifest so close to the surface. "I don't have time tomorrow, I only have time now!" Ren says. "I need to go home," is the only thing Hux can muster up as a response. His voice comes out lower than he would like. "I have," he says tentatively, "ironing to do." Ren's face goes through a series of indeterminable expressions. "I don't have anywhere to be. I could help you—it could serve as my detention." Well, that certainly wasn't what Hux was expecting, but he supposes he can't really expect anything from Ren at all anymore. The world has become too unpredictable for Hux's plain ordered mind. "Help me... iron?" he says. Ren gives a nod, and Hux looks at him for a long while before concluding, in quiet horror, that he doesn't appear to be joking. What a day. "That means you'll have to be in my car again," he states with narrowed eyes. It's getting rapidly greyer outside, and his silent anxiety is rising. It would be better, he supposes reluctantly, not to be alone, even if it is Ren he'll be lumped with. He picks up his bag again. "Just keep your feet off the seats." — It's terribly strange for Hux to have his work and home collide, especially as it's his least favourite two aspects of both converging: Ren and ironing. He can't bring himself to lie down with a guest in the house, the protocol for when a visitor is present is too ingrained in him. Instead, he sits in the armchair, forces himself to lean back because it's hardly polite but lord, he needs it, and pours himself a glass of brandy from the coffee table. ( Ha, he thinks. He's never used the thing for anything but tea and liquor.) Ren shrugs off his leather jacket and that damned scarf he wears every day, and Hux is absently surprised to notice how broad he looks. Of course he'd known in theory that he was strong—it's all he's ever heard the little ankle biters in his class talk about in regard to Ren—but it's odd to see it with his own eyes. Ren's shirt is a plain white button-up, as per the school's dress requirements, but Hux can see how defined the muscles in his arms are through the fabric as he unfolds the ironing board, and he blinks several times to clear his head. He's never really paid much attention to anyone's shoulders before. They're hardly a point of interest. "My shirts are over there." He gestures to the neat pile of unironed white dress shirts. His military uniform lies at the bottom of the pile, but he'll be damned if he lets a seventeen year old touch that. "Leave the uniform." Ren does. The brandy tastes strong and warm, and the burn is a fair distraction from Ren undoing his top button, which sparks infuriation in Hux for reasons he cannot fathom. Laziness, he supposes. He closes his eyes, and thinks about the golden years of his life—the ones he can't remember, when he was a very small child. His recollections of daily life before the age of six are faint, and there's lots of room for him to pretend that it was better than what's probable. But Ren interrupts his restfulness with his loud, grating voice, asking, "What church do you go to?" Of all the tedious, pseudo-conversational questions in the world. He hadn't even mentioned anything even vaguely relating to church. Now that he thinks about it, it's been a long while since he's attended church. He presumes that God hates him for it, not to mention all the other mortal sins he's most likely committed without giving much thought. At first he despised himself for staying home every Sunday, having been so influenced by nuns throughout his young life, but the isolation that's come as a result is far too rewarding for him to feel guilt anymore. "I don't go to church," he replies without opening his eyes. He exhales and prepares for some inane drilled-in comment about sin and Hell, as is customary from any child raised in these parts, but it doesn't come. His eyes open, and he glances at Ren, who has stilled from putting a shirt into the clean laundry basket. Hux sips his brandy. "You don't have to go, you know," he says, looking up once more. "It isn't the law." Ren looks startled beyond belief. His eyes are big, and fixed on Hux. The picture before Hux is rather strange. Ren looks bizarrely out of place in front of Hux's dusty bookshelf and grand fireplace, cheeks red and feet too far apart, all clumsy and large and ignorant. It's becoming more and more clear that his parents don't give a damn about how stupid their son is, to not have told him that devout Christianity isn't actually the default template for every human, and that variations do exist. "It's God's law, isn't it?" Ren says. "You'll go to hell." "There are so many religions out there," Hux says, swirling his drink in his tumbler. "How do you know that the one you've been brought up with is the right one?" It strikes Hux that he's probably opening Ren's eyes for the first time to a world of things he's never even considered (and doesn't really have the capacity to). Well, somebody's got to—not everybody will realise it on their own. Not everybody is like him. The expression on Ren's face is quite a funny one. All his features are slightly scrunched up, as if he has to work with every single muscle in his body to comprehend this information. "You're going to burn my shirt," Hux comments. Ren looks briefly angry, and lifts up the iron to show that the shirt is perfectly unburned, then the expression slides away into bewilderment. There isn't actually a shirt on the board: they're all folded and ironed in the basket. Hux gives a wry smile, and finishes off his brandy. "There's half an hour of your detention left, what would you like to spend it doing? I'll give you the choice: cleaning or making my dinner." The empty tumbler clinks a high note against the brandy bottle when Hux sets it down on the table. "I'm tired, and I need one or the other done by six." Ren runs a hand through his hair. "How do you like chicken?" — The chicken is awful and the vegetables are overcooked, but Hux will be damned if he makes another entire meal. He sits at the table, chewing on the rubbery meat and squashy vegetables, while Ren sits on the dining chair opposite him with his legs drawn up by his chin and his feet resting on the edge of the seat, watching the clock and willing it to reach exactly six o'clock so that he can leave. Hux could offer Ren some of the food, he supposes—a taste of his own medicine—but that would mean one more plate to wash up, and he already has to do the dusting before he goes to bed. He takes a glance up at the grandfather clock in the corner of the room; the minute hand has reached the twelve, it lets out a chime, and he puts down his silverware. "You're dismissed," he tells Ren. Ren lets out a big sigh, and stands to leave. His jacket and scarf are still slung across the couch, but he doesn't bother putting them back on, and just bunches them up in his arms. "I take it you can show yourself out." Without any response, Ren does exactly that, but not before glancing at Hux over his shoulder for a brief moment. Hux glances too, for reasons he can't find an explanation for, and Ren turns to face frontwards quickly and hunches his shoulders up, then walks out the door. Notes: mmhm , gay shit! now, im going to be on holiday for a week with no wifi, so you won't get any more updates till at least the 13th, but when i come back im posting the double length chapter i saved for this occasion!! so u have some horrible sin to look forward to. Chapter 9 Notes: wow! here is the promised double length chapter to make up for the giant wait. (i still can't believe i actually followed through with that instead of being lazy and splitting it in half. youre welcome) It seems to have become a pattern, as of every night after the incident at the mechanic's, for it to take Hux an unreasonable amount of time to fall asleep. Tonight is no different, and it's beginning to touch on his nerves. After lying awake in the dark for several hours, he turns the lights on again, and wanders about the house for a while, touching the ever-dust-collecting ornaments on the mantle lightly and wondering where his father had bought them and why. They don't seem the sort of trinkets he would have been interested in—little hand painted ceramic handbells, a delicate pot pourri dish filled with dried flowers, and a tiny glass mouse. Perhaps Brendol was more layered and less straightforward than he'd thought. Or, more reasonably, perhaps he had another woman before he died that Hux would never know about. Gradually, Hux's thoughts become looser and more disconnected, and he settles back into his room in bed in the hope that he'll be able to get to sleep this time. Eventually he falls under, and he dreams of softness, angelic creatures twisting gently around mossy trees, singing in whispery tones. Several small wispy figures crawl slowly towards him and touch his chest, then begin to fizz lightly, dissolving into his skin. He isn't naked, but the film covering his body isn't any sort of clothing he knows. It's like a sort of thin wet satin, stretching and heavy but silken to touch. The film twists when he moves, and it catches his legs and restricts them and he stumbles onto his knees, his head spinning hard as the figures sing softer and softer. The lull of the music becomes a quiet hissing sound like white noise, and Hux can feel the buzz in his chest, setting his teeth on edge. He wakes, suddenly, to find himself on the floor. With a gruff sound he hauls himself onto his feet and goes for the light, and the second the room is illuminated he sees the creature in the corner of his room. Hux does not make a noise, but his heart is palpitating, and with each beat it feels like a fist is squeezing his heart. The beast is breathing low and steady, and Hux's options run through his head in a flash, each as unappealing as the last. Running yields no benefits except for preserving his life, and going for the attack is too stupid to even consider. He'd wanted to catch the thing but he hadn't really thought about what he'd do once he was up close. The fact that it's in his very bedroom might give him a bit of an advantage, but he's still having trouble trying to process that it managed get into his house. "Have you been following me?" he asks in a voice he barely recognises as his own, for all its shaking. There is no explanation for why he might think that talking the creature will hold any benefits. He tries to find some reason to excuse the idiotic move he just made, although no intelligent being is around to see it, but he can't. In for a penny, he thinks. "I'm Hux." The creature cocks his head and growls softly, then settles into a sitting position. It watches him as he raises his hands and holds them up, palms open, fingers apart, and seems to register that he's expressing that he isn't a threat. He won't make any bold moves, not this time. For now, he'll just settle for getting any information he can. "What's special about me, then?" he asks. He isn't anticipating an answer, but he isn't really expecting the creature to lumber over to him and start sniffing his chest either. It's unsettling, to watch the thing he'd seen act so feral before behave like a domesticated animal. He keeps his hands raised, and the creature presses its muzzle into his palm; its nose is wet in a way that's reminiscent of a dog. Perhaps these things aren't as much of a danger as Hux had thought. Testing, he lowers his free hand to rest on the creature's head, and starts to stroke the tangled fur. The response is startling—the creature leaps backward as if Hux had struck it, and its eyes flash bright with the reflection of Hux's bedroom light. And Hux sees something. In those two wild eyes, past the slit shaped pupils and streaked purple irises, there's something human . Far under the surface there's intelligence, realisation. Outside, it's begun to rain. It patters against the window and the sound presses Hux, makes him feel like there are hundreds of pairs of feet tapping on his window pane. The beast appears similarly on edge. It makes a strange sound, and lifts a front limb—Hux can't call it a paw, the thing is just too mutated. No matter how it acts it still looks like a monster, with its strange eyes embedded in deep sockets; its oddly bent legs, all angled slightly outwards as if they're fractured; and its twisted back. It flinches as a gust of wind spatters a heavy layer of rain against the window, and Hux reaches forward slowly with his open hands in a motion that could almost be described as placating if it were directed at a human. The creature bolts. Hux can't even see which direction it runs in. His bedroom door is only open a little, but it's the only route the beast could have taken, and Hux expects that it could probably escape from a solid concrete cell without much difficulty so he can hardly doubt it. He doesn't follow. He knows it's futile. It's unexpectedly easier to fall asleep after that. Hux tells himself that maybe the whole thing was just a dream and he's already asleep, and then before he knows it it's morning and he's slept through the night. He hasn't much of an idea of what time it is, or what day, which is unlike him, but everything about him is unlike him nowadays. There is no Hux anymore. There's just a man with his body who doesn't really know what to do. His clothes are laid out as usual, and his shirt feels crisp and smooth as he buttons it up, freshly ironed—he has Ren to thank for that, he supposes. For someone so brutish, he irons well. It's not a very interesting trait, but Hux appreciates it. He catches the time on the grandfather clock just before he leaves the house. It's past eleven. Ordinarily he wakes up automatically before seven on weekdays, this can't have happened—but it has . The sun is high in the sky when he walks outside, and he sees people littering the streets down the end of the road as he hurriedly adjusts his tie and steps into the car. Nobody pays him much attention when he arrives, probably because some teachers with afternoon shifts might arrive at this time every day, but one teacher gives him a frown on his way down the corridor, because he knows that it's halfway through one of Hux's lessons. Hux finds himself needing a moment to breathe before he enters the classroom. It's his space, but there is a substitute standing at the front where he normally is, writing things on the blackboard from a lesson plan he's never seen, and he feels as if he's invading. He touches the handle, and opens the door, and suddenly thirty pairs of eyes are on him. Something terrible fills him up as he walks across the classroom to his desk in front of all the children. He's ashamed . They're all going to know the truth: General Hux is a mess. The substitute concludes his explanation of the subtle social commentary in Thomas Hardy's Convergence of the Twain while Hux neatly moves everything on his desk half an inch from the centre. Then he turns to look at Hux with something accusing in his eyes. "Terribly sorry that you had to be called in on such short notice," Hux says, meeting his gaze without hesitation. "I had trouble with my auto." The man inclines his head, but he's clearly unconvinced. "I take it you'll want to finish the lesson from here on out?" "If that's alright," Hux says loftily. The students chatter quietly among themselves, and he glances among them. "They've behaved, I presume?" "Well enough. You ought to discipline that one more thoroughly, though," the supply says with a nod in the direction of Olivers. "Good day." With an officious raise of his eyebrows, he turns and leaves, taking his lesson plan with him. Odd, Hux thinks. He'd have thought that Ren would be the troublemaker. He would have been in class this morning. Perhaps he's absent again, although the substitute should have mentioned that. He takes a seat at his desk and rests his hands in the space he created a moment ago. "Well then," he says. "The rest of this lesson is empty, since there isn't time to do anything we were supposed to. There's only a quarter of an hour left, let's have a little English Q&A." Olivers raises a hand. "Why are your pants on backwards?" he asks. "-Sir," he has the audacity to add, in his particularly obnoxious drawl. Hux doesn't look down. He may be a little off-kilter, but he isn't about to fall into that trap. "Now now," he says dryly. "That's hardly English related." He eyes the class for someone to call on. And there is Maria, right at the front. Blessed Maria. "Wood. Anything interesting on your mind that you'd like to share? Any questions?" Maria gives a little mischievous smile. "Your car is completely creamed, sir. How in hell's bells did you manage to wreck it that badly?" A few laughs surface, and Hux raises his eyebrows. "That language isn't quite appropriate for school, Maria. But yes, it is some quite impressive damage. Let's just say I had an encounter with an animal I'd rather not meet again." The half-lie is enough to stop them asking further and keep them guessing, and it isn't as if it's a complete untruth. The incident with the deer most likely was the creature's fault, but saying that he never wanted to see it again wouldn't quite be accurate. "Did anyone have any thoughts on Thomas Hardy's poem they didn't get to discuss?" Hux asks, gently steering the class back to a more academia-related topic. Jackson raises a hand. "I might be wrong," he says, "But I thought that the three end rhymes in each verse mighta been meant to imitate the tide, in the way that they keep coming back predictably. It sure ties in with the theme." "Very good," Hux says. "Any thoughts on the meter?" The lesson continues with the same predictability as Hardy's rhyming stanzas, and the further into the day it gets, the more he feels like he's going through the motions again, and falling back into place. Afternoon break sees him taking his lunch outside for once, and although the air is thick with heat once more it's almost pleasant to spend his hour sat at the benches, bathed in the brief summer sun and idly watching the students go about their ways. American young people seem to have a world of different customs to American adults, and it's fascinating to Hux. The social aspects of their micro-society are hugely intriguing, but he finds that the linguistics don't attract his attention even half as much. Slang is the language of the lazy—strange terms he'll never understand the need for. There are perfectly adequate synonyms in the place of that nonsense. It's a peaceful afternoon, and Hux's anxiety is fading. The final lessons of the day are easy to run through, and the students are manageable enough, their chatter about trends and modern things tolerable for once. When he returns home, he settles into his chair with a cup of tea and a newspaper, and watches the birds out the window from under the curtains. The sun has just gone down below the horizon, and the clouds are tinted a mix of pale orange and blue, their edges so soft and misty that they blend with the sky. He leans back in his chair and sips his tea. It's a slow news day, but he finds the story on divorced parents more interesting than he'd expected it would be. He wonders if Ren's parents are divorced. That could account for at least some of his behaviour. The sound of an engine on his private drive disturbs his thoughts. He peers out the window again to see a police car pulling up in front of his house, and sets down his tea slowly. Oh, Lord. There's nothing he can do: he's clearly home, his dented car is parked in the driveway and the the lights are all on. In fact, the two officers can probably see him through the gap in the curtains as they walk up the porch. The doorbell rings, a tinny trill, and Hux touches his mouth and considers. There's clearly only one option though. He goes to the door, and opens it with a candidly surprised expression. "Good afternoon, officers. Is there a problem?" The officers' faces are hard and serious, and tell nothing. Perhaps it's a routine neighbourhood check. Hux must give nothing away. The taller of the policemen turns to the right, reaching behind him, and for a frozen second Hux thinks he's pulling a gun, but instead he tugs Kylo Ren into view, and Hux loses his controlled facade. Ren's hair is tangled and full of leaves, and his shirt is torn with a streak of blood down the side. He stumbles as the officer pushes him onto the porch step, and stares hard at the ground. Hux opens his mouth slightly and then closes it. "Your son was causing one hell of a scene at the park," the stouter officer says, straightening his belt. "Screaming at nothing, and throwin' around innocent plants." The realisation is bewildering—they think he's Ren's father . Ren must have given them his address in the place of his own. The thought makes him feel odd. He's phenomenally surprised that he can pass for old enough to have a teenage child—although he is aware that he looks particularly austere, he didn't think he could actually pass for middle aged, despite the fact that he's done enough living for his experience to be around level with a fifty year old. "Looks like the boy's been in a fight too," the tall officer says, "But he won't talk." He frowns down at Ren and Hux realises that he should say something very soon, either apologise on Ren's behalf and wave the cops off, or tell the truth and risk further investigation. The choice is not a difficult one. "Very sorry for the trouble," he says, resting his hand on Ren's shoulder. "I'll make sure to discipline him." Then he gives Ren a stern look, just for good measure, and nudges him into the house. It appears he's fooled the officers. They tip their hats, and walk back to the police car. The cracking sound of a static radio escapes when they open the doors, then disappears when they shut them, and then they're driving away, and Hux stares after them for a few moments, his hand still on Ren's shoulder. They're not like cops Hux has known before. They looked at him as if he was an average citizen (for all they know, perhaps he is) rather than with that lingering stare filled with clashing suspicion and respect the officers back in Britain always had fixed on him. He guesses the British government isn't communicating with the American higher powers all that much now that the war's over. That means he's an innocent over here. No need for all of his panic. (The fact of it is, there shouldn't have been any need for panic in the first place. The military is strictly forbidden to reveal the ghastly details of what their men have done for their country, but the Second Lieutenant in one of Hux's platoons had had qualms about him from the beginning, and had felt it necessary to inform the police force about Hux's particular tendencies when he was discharged. The police had watched over him like hawks, like vultures, waiting for him to make a single wrong move so that they could do their heroic duty and put away that terrible man, war veteran or not. He'd thought they'd continue when he moved to his father's home in South Carolina, but evidently it's all over now that he's an American citizen.) Hux leads Ren's into the hall and shuts the front door behind them. "What's this about, then?" he asks, walking into the living room to see if his tea is worth saving. Ren follows, that perpetual furrow in his brow, but doesn't reply. Hux finds having him in his house again bizarre, but at least he's feeling far more sure of himself now and he'll be equipped to deal with whatever may be thrown at him Without invitation, Ren sinks onto the couch, and starts picking the leaves out of his hair and dropping them on Hux's carpet. Clearly he was not raised by nuns, Hux thinks usefully as he sips his lukewarm tea—'Armitage, never take a seat before your host!', 'Rubbish goes in the bin and nowhere else! We're not wolves.' Ren ceases his leaf-picking when he notices Hux's faint grimace. "Sorry," he says, brushing his dirty hands off on his knees. It sounds like he means it. "'Sorry,'" Hux repeats under his breath. "My god, are you alright?" Ren gives an insubstantial shrug, and Hux sits down next to him. He looks young like this, his lower lip slightly protruding, his expression for once not arrogant or deliberately rude at all. Briefly, Hux tries to be tactful, putting on a pretend kind face, but then he gives up entirely. "Would doing some ironing cheer you up?" he asks. That coaxes a little smile out of Ren. It seems Hux's failure at comfort was an unorthodox success. The tea is too far gone, Hux decides, when he takes another sip and has to wince. "I suppose you ought to clean yourself up before you go home." Ren's face does something peculiar then, a sort of combination of a frown and something close to crying. "Yeah," he mumbles. That almost confirms issues with the parents. "There are cloths and iodine in the bathroom cabinet." Hux nods in the direction of the bathroom, and Ren shuffles over there and returns with a more masked expression on his face and said items in his hands. He sits and starts trying to scrub at the cut on his side, holding his shirt up under his chin, and Hux shakes his head. "No—don't scrub it," he says, reaching out but not quite putting his hands on Ren. "You'll break the skin even more. You put the iodine on, and then you dab at it." With wobbly hands, Ren uncaps the iodine and tips a liberal amount onto the cloth, but it spills all over his fingers. He scowls down at his wet hands and unskilfully tries to mop up the excess. "Oh, for goodness sakes—let me," Hux says. Unexpectedly, Ren gives completely, and hands him the cloth. Hux looks at him, but Ren won't meet his eyes, he just sits and holds his shirt out of the way of the injury. The cloth is soaked, but there's nowhere to wring it out so Hux has to hold his palm out to catch the drips as he dabs the edges of the wound. Every now and then, Ren makes a hiss and stifles the noise in his arm, but Hux doesn't look down on him for it. It's a fairly nasty cut. His hands are naturally steady, but Ren is twitchy so he finds himself having to be overly cautious as he swipes the blood away. While he has an inkling that the cut will be completely healed by tomorrow, there's no harm in being careful. The cut looks a lot shallower without all the blood around it, and Hux leans back with a sigh, dropping the cloth onto the table. He'll wipe it down later. "What were you doing out there?" he asks as he screws the top back in the iodine bottle, which is half empty now. Ren doesn't answer, and just starts prodding at the edges of the cut. Hux bats his hands away. " Leave it." "It's my cut, I'll do what I want," Ren says. Hux shakes his head and picks up the cloth and the bottle to put them away, while Ren resumes poking at the healing scab. In the bathroom, the cabinet is open, and Hux's carefully organised things are in disarray. He puts them back in place, each bottle and tin an equal distance of half an inch apart, the taller items at the back and the loose bits and bobs at the front. He raises an eyebrow at the missing bottle of pills. The empty space stands out far too clearly to his order-attuned eyes. Codeine from his bad back several months ago, if he remembers correctly. They'll talk about that later. "Why were you out there?" he asks Ren again when he returns to the living room. He doesn't know why he wants to delve into this. It's probably what a teacher ought to do, but it's not what he would normally do—then again, he isn't Hux anymore, he's just a man with the same name. "Does it have something to do with your parents?" "No," Ren insists. "I was just," he begins, but then abandons the sentiment. "It's nothing to do with my parents." Hux looks down at Ren, sitting on the couch, toying with the hem of his tattered shirt and pointedly avoiding Hux's gaze. "What was it, then?" There's no reply, and still no eye contact, but Hux watches him, and he sees: under layer on layer of frustration, there is fear and guilt on his face. Perhaps Hux ought to talk to the principal. "Well," he says, brightening his eyes and changing the tune. He glances down at the ruined shirt. "That thing is rather beyond fixing. I have a shirt you could borrow, if you'd like." Ren does look up now, and nods. Hux disappears up the stairs and returns with a crisp white button-up from his wardrobe. "It's nice," Ren says ineptly, probably in an attempt to be polite. "It's one of the ones you ironed, actually," Hux says as he slides it off the hanger. He hands it to Ren, and turns away, idly glancing over the wall decorations his father must have put up that he never bothered to take down. There are several paintings of country forests and wild animals: a homage to his love of hunting, Hux gathers. He disapproves of the uncivilised hobby, but the paintings are rather picturesque nonetheless. Ren drops one of the shirts and shuffles about trying to pick it up, and Hux quirks a half smile when he hears him swear under his breath. "Are you finished yet?" "Nearly," Ren says, sounding muffled as if his head is halfway through the shirt. Christ, what's he doing? It's a button up . "Okay, I'm changed." Hux turns back to face him, and pulls a face at the sight. The shirt hardly fits him, the arms are too small, and the collar looks like it could strangle him and it isn't even done up. Ren squirms, tugging on the sleeves with a frown on his face. Understandable. "Stupid shirt," he mutters. "It is, rather," Hux says, "Isn't it? Such a shame I have to wear it every day." "It's just because I'm bigger than you." Ren glowers at him. "Must fit like a glove on you." Hux smiles thinly. "Time to go, I think." Ren's face falls at that. His fidgeting dies down, and he nods. "Yes. I should get home." He scoops his torn shirt into his arms, and heads towards the door, not making the mistake of turning back to look at Hux this time. "You don't think I could have that bottle back before you leave though, do you?" Hux asks after him. That makes Ren stop. He fumbles in his pockets and walks awkwardly back to Hux to hand back the pill bottle, shoulders high and face red with embarrassment. "Very grateful," Hux says with a nod. "If you really want drugs, I'd be happy to testify to a psychiatrist that you're in desperate need of some Ritalin." He shakes the bottle and gives Ren a look. "You aren't to steal though." That draws an indignant look from Ren. Then his face blanches. "You're not going to tell my parents about this, are you?" Hux inclines his head forward. "No," he says decisively. There are several moments where Ren hovers in the living room doorway, before he disappears down the hall, and Hux hears the front door open. Then, unexpectedly, "Thank you, sir." And then the door shuts. Chapter 10 Notes: hoooo boy!! another long chapter ahead. well, not really by a lot of people's standards, but it's long for me. sorry it's so messy, my brain is tired lol Ren's parents' number is not on record at the school. Hux speaks to the principal, but Dr Terry dismisses the lack of information as untroubling and not an issue to be chased up—"It's a public school, General, it isn't like we can actually ask anything of them." He does manage to get Ren's address, through sparing use of his charming British wit and allegedly handsome smile (or so it's been described. He wouldn't use that particular word himself as he wouldn't really know—he doesn't smile often and certainly doesn't spend time ogling himself in the mirror). It's quite an achievement to have got past the main office's particularly tight lipped receptionist, but now that he has the information he's not sure he'll be able to walk up to the Solo family's door and actually ask why their son is so fucked up. While he's at the office, he catches Phasma, talking breezily with one of the younger teachers, a woman he doesn't know the name of. He's unsure of whether Phasma sees him there or not: if she does, she doesn't acknowledge him. He can't blame her—but he's not going to blame himself either. The classroom is loud and busy when Hux returns at the end of break. It seems that Olivers has created some hilarious spectacle by decorating his face with school supplies—and it appears he's done it so very hilariously that all of the students have deemed it important enough to have left their seats to gawk at him. Hux deliberately clears his throat, and the students glance sheepishly at him and shuffle back to their desks. Olivers removes his blotting paper hat, but leaves the scissors' handles looped precariously around his ears and the inkpen lid up his nose, and smiles innocently up at Hux. "Olivers," Hux says. "Take those off your face." Olivers smiles contemptuously and garbles something incoherent. Hux's eyebrows drop even further in disapproval. The boy's mouth is full of goddamn chalk. He wonders what he did to deserve such childish children in his class, what he did to bring this curse of insolence upon his students. (Oh, right. That thing ten years ago. Well, never mind.) "You are supposed to be in secondary school," Hux says. "You are nearly an adult . Spit that out." Olivers glances at his friends, and sniggers, as if he's looking down on Hux. "Sir, what's a 'secondary school'?" he asks, imitating Hux's accent. Ah, Hux understands the boy now. How dare Hux know a word that he doesn't? "It means a high school," Hux sneers, equally scornfully. "Did nobody tell you that?" With a roll of his eyes, Olivers takes the paper hat off his head, and tosses it onto the floor. "Fucking killjoy," he mumbles. Hux gives him a sharp look. "What did you say?" Olivers looks like a deer in the headlights. Reluctantly, he resigns himself to an apology. "Nothing. Sorry sir." "Oh no." Hux brushes it off with a wave of his hand. "Ice it," he says in a mimicry of the teens' slang. Some of the students widen their eyes, a little impressed, and Hux's self esteem inflates. "Well then," he says. "It looks like we're all in a good mood today. Who's ready to analyse Freud?" — Hux stands outside the house at the edge of the woods, thinking. He stares at the address scrawled on the notepaper in his hand, and in his peripheral vision, a tree shakes and several pigeons scatter. Is this really the most practical idea? Going straight to Ren's parents, who could be the very source of the problem? Perhaps social services may be the right path—but Hux knows how they treat children with unfit parents. He raps on the wood of the door. A disheveled looking man in a leather jacket answers. His resting face is smug and lazy, but the jacket sleeves are rolled up, and his farmer's tan speaks of hard work. "Good afternoon," Hux says. "I'm a teacher from Oranato High School—your son is a student?" "Yeah, what's the problem?" Ren's father says. He's chewing; Hux isn't sure what. Hux clears his throat and straightens his back, striving to appear stoic and professional. "I'd like to speak to both of his parents. Is his mother home?" Solo turns around, leaning against the door frame. "Leia!" he yells up the stairs. A faint response of 'who is it?' comes from the second floor. "Some guy from Ben's school. Wants to speak to ya." "Oh!" There is some rustling, then a sturdy woman with her greying hair in a bun comes hurrying down the stairs. "It's about Ben? We're very worried about him." Mr Solo scowls. "You are." The woman looks outraged but rather tired, as if what her husband said is not unexpected. "No, we are!" "Ben is absolutely fine. We don't need to coddle him, he's a grown boy." "He's crying for attention!" "Perhaps we should go inside," Hux says. The house is surprisingly homey, simple but cosy, and a stark contrast from the cold environment was expecting. Hux looks over the pictures on the mantle as he follows the Solos to the living room: almost all of them feature a younger Kylo Ren smiling with his parents, or beside a dainty young lady with sandy hair—a sister? His girl? Hux can't tell, but it's clear the easy grins they share aren't just for the photograph. Mrs Solo seats herself and her husband on the couch, and Hux on an armchair opposite them. Perhaps this was Ren's chair, Hux wonders, when the Solos used to sit down for family time (he presumes that it's not much of a regular occurrence anymore). "What is it that you wanted to talk about, Mister..." Mrs Solo trails off. "General Hux," Hux says, as humbly as he can. It still surprises Mrs Solo, and even her husband looks fairly impressed. "A teacher expressed a few worries about your, son, and—" Hux frowns slightly and corrects his white lie. " I was worried about your son. He has some serious authority issues, and has been displaying very concerning behaviour lately." Mrs Solo shuffles forward in her seat, looking very worried. Mr Solo sighs and crosses his legs. "What's the problem?" he asks, gesturing irately. "It's not like he's actually done anything wrong. You said it yourself, it's just his behaviour." "In one instance he tried to steal some of my prescription pain medication," Hux says with a pointed look. "A police officer reported that he had some kind of hysterical episode in the park last week. He requested that I didn't mention it to you, but I think the end justifies the means." At this point, a frown finds its way to Mr Solo's face, and he runs a hand through his hair. His wife looks rather close to tears. "His schoolbag is full of clothes," Hux continues, "And what I presume is stolen food. Let me put this simply. Your son seems very troubled, and I don't mean to intrude, but I don't think that what you're currently doing is making any difference." "We've tried all we can think of," Mrs Solo says. "Every time we get him to come home he runs away again, but the cops won't even intervene anymore because he always comes back." Mr Solo shakes his head, and pats Mrs Solo's knee. "Look, the kid's uncontrollable. Maybe we should just let him do what he wants." "I hardly think that's the answer," Hux says. "From what I've seen at school, I think what he needs is somebody to talk to. A friend." "But he won't listen to a damn thing we say!" Mr Solo says, his voice loud. "That's why I think he needs to go his own way, rather than follow all this cock and bull about discipline." "Ben has a lot of reckless energy," Hux says, carefully. "Perhaps if he had someone his own age to talk to, he would be able to vent some of it out—channel it in a more healthy way." Hux doesn't know why he's being so sincerely helpful. There is little he will gain from it, other than some peace of mind in lessons with Ren, and maybe some more free time if the detentions stop. He dreads to think: he hasn't become attached, has he? Attachments don't work out well for him. Yet here he is... helping. "Maybe we could talk to Luke," Mrs Solo says to Mr Solo. "He's sure to be over that unpleasantness by now." "He better be," Mr Solo scoffs. "It's been near two years, I reckon." "We could talk him into letting Rey back into school. That would be good for the both of them." Hux waits, patiently, for the Solos to elaborate. Rey... is she the girlfriend? It would be a strange match, he thinks—Ren, all loud and angry, with that sweet, pleasant girl. Although it seems wrong to Hux, he really doesn't have any idea of what sort of girl would be right for Ren. "That's that, then," Mr Solo says. "We'll call up Luke, and get Rey back over here." "Ben was always so close to his cousin, Rey, you see," Mrs Solo says to Hux, "But he had a little fight with his uncle a while ago, and Luke got very upset over it and pulled Rey out of school, moved out of state, too." "Oh dear," Hux says. It's a bit of an understatement, really. It hardly sounds fair for a parent's nervous breakdown over a little fight with a nephew to manifest as his child losing their education and friends. Then again, to the Solos, a 'little fight' between family members could actually involve punching, and maybe some head trauma. "Anyway, the two have them haven't seen each other since. Luke's still fairly fussed about it." Mrs Solo smooths down her bun, and smiles a very motherly smile. Hux starts to feel a little nauseous, as seems to happen often when he sees mothers doing motherly things. "But it would be good for Ben to have his best friend back. It really did shatter him when Luke took her away, even though he'd never admit it." "I'm sure it did. It ought to do him a lot of good to have her back," Hux says. Mr Solo stretches out on the couch, scratching his head. "I don't know about all this," he drawls. "He might be a bad influence. Rey's such a nice girl." "And our son isn't a nice boy?" Mrs Solo asks. "Of course he has his problems, but the general here is right—he needs a friend so terribly, Han." "I suppose," Mr Solo says, pursing his lips. "You'll have to talk to him though. He's still mad at me for that thing I did way back at Easter—" Mr Solo cuts off his words and his smug smile disappears. His eyes are wide and he looks quite like Ren for a moment. "I didn't do anything at Easter," he says, in a lie so blatant it could rival even one of Ren's most stupid moments. Hux wonders suddenly. Ren's mother is so kind, and although his father appears far more relaxed, it does seem that he has an interest in what's best for his son, just a different idea of what it might be. What is it that made Ren so hard pressed to talk about them, and to go home? What could his motivations be for running away every other night? Perhaps Mr Solo is a mean drunk. Maybe his wife is far stricter behind closed doors. Maybe Ren is just an idiot. That is the most probable situation here, but surely there's something else. "Well," Mrs Solo says. "This has been an enlightening chat. Thank you very much, general." Hux nods, and rises from his seat. "Thank you for your time, Mrs Solo." Mrs Solo's face tightens. "It's Ms Organa, actually. We're in the process of separating." Hux shifts. "My sincerest apologies." Well, at least he's more sure why Ren is such a mess now. He leaves the house with a feeling of satisfaction about him, then slows when he reaches for the door of his automobile. Ren is probably very unsatisfied with his father's parenting—he doesn't think of Hux as a replacement for his father, does he? A more stable substitute for the impersonal Mr Solo. The thought leaves Hux feeling slightly ill. If he were anyone else, he'd surely be flattered, but there's responsibility attached to it, and Ren attached to it, and it just makes him feel strange. He thinks about it at great length the whole journey home. It still unsettles him each time he considers it again. He's glad he'll be able to distract himself once he's at home with his chores and his children's work to mark, but he realises something is out of place when he goes to open the door and it's already unlocked. Hux always locks the door, out of both habit and ardent desire to be left alone. He steps inside, treading carefully, preparing himself for something sinister or supernatural, or another damned dead body, but instead he finds Ren with Phasma, sitting on his couch. Well, actually—that in itself could be a supernatural occurrence. He seats himself on the armchair facing them. Both their heads lift. "How did you get in?" he asks, very calmly, considering everything. "Picked the lock," Phasma says conversationally. Hux wonders if perhaps the reason she was at the office was to casually finagle his home address from the receptionist after he had finished finagling Ren's. "Why are you home so late?" Ren demands. How long must Hux have been at the Solo's house? It can't have been more than an hour. "I do have a life outside of school," he begins, but Phasma interrupts. "He was talking to you parents," she tells Ren. Blast, she must have heard him asking for their details. Ren's face does a sort of... angry thing. "How could you?" Hux sinks further back into his seat, wondering how to justify actions he isn't even sure why he was motivated to do. Phasma raises her eyebrows. She's probably only just realising what a disaster she's inadvertently kindled. "How dare you?" Ren is yelling now. It's to be expected, but it still shocks Hux just a little. "I did what I had to do," Hux says. "It was my duty as a teacher to inquire—" "Hux," Phasma says, a terrible glint in her eye. Perhaps kindling disaster was her intent. "You were kind." Hux's mouth turns down and he glares at Phasma. He glares at Ren. "I did what I had to do to be a good teacher." "You were really thinking about the greater good, weren't you?" Phasma says. Hux hadn't anticipated her sounding this proud. He considers that he wasn't really thinking about the greater good at all. Some selfish urge drove him to learn more about Ren's life, to invade it and reorder it as he wished. "I don't care what kind of greater good you thought you were helping," Ren says. "You betrayed me." Hux scoffs. "I didn't betray you," he says, although he rather did. Judging by the look on Ren's face, whatever fatherly trust he previously had instilled in Hux is absolutely shattered. And Hux cannot believe it, but he feels a little bit remorseful. He can't understand why—Ren is a brute, and an emotionally stunted idiot—but there's still regret creeping in at the back of his mind. "You did," Ren shouts. He gets up out of his seat and storms out the front door, not bothering to close it. Hux glances after him and lets out a tired sigh. "Why are you here, then?" he asks Phasma, too disgusted by his own emotions to act as fazed by Ren as Phasma, whose eyebrows have raised so high they're practically falling off her head. "I thought we were... even less of friends than we usually are." Phasma gives him a little pained smile. "I wanted to apologise about that unpleasantness before." She smooths her coiffed hair—a nervous habit, Hux is beginning to deduce. "It wasn't fair of me to write you off like that. Who says those monsters aren't out there?" It's a fair surprise that Phasma wanted to come back at all, even more so that she apologised first and accepted Hux's point of view, especially considering that Hux's opinion sounds absolutely mad. Privately, Hux thinks he threw the worst of the damage in their argument, too. "Well," he says. "It's certainly humble of you to come and say sorry like that. And—" He pauses. "If it'll make things right again, I apologise too." Phasma nods curtly. "All forgiven, then." Hux nods too, then leans back in his seat tentatively. Things are back to normal. So he has the right to demand: "How the hell did you find my house?" "How the hell did you find Ren's?" she asks rhetorically. "I went to the office, sweetheart." Hux sniffs. "I suppose that's how you heard I was looking to talk to Ren's parents." Phasma smiles. "Yes. I can't imagine why, though. He's a lost cause, bless his heart." With an idle glance towards the door, Hux lifts up his brandy bottle and pours himself a glass. "I'm not so sure." "Alright," she says. "What is it you plan to do with him? Whether it's for the greater good or not." "I'm going to sound very unlike myself," Hux says, "But I think he needs a friend." He knows Phasma will think he is being kind again, but it's better to appear kind than to expose what sort of strange, selfish reasons he truly has for wanting to help Ren. (He's still quite uncertain about what they actually are, to be honest.) "I hope that friend isn't going to be you. You don't seem like you'd be very good at it." "No," Hux says, with a bit of a smile. "He has a cousin; they used to be close. Her father took her away, and now Ren's parents are trying to get this Uncle Luke to bring her back." "Dramatic," Phasma comments. "His family does seem very... interesting. More ordinary than I'd expected though, mind you." "In what way?" Hux frowns, and leans back in his chair. "Their house is full of photographs, and blankets and cushions and things. You know. It's all very homey." He looks around his living room. It doesn't look very lived in, but of course, that's his choice, he could easily make more of an effort to make it a home. But first he'd have accept that that was something he wanted. "It's strange to think that such a brute can live in such a calm little home." "It is rather, isn't it?" Phasma says. Her eyes move over the wall behind Hux. "If you don't mind me asking, have there been any developments in this monster business?" Hux considers. He won't tell her that one found its way into his house. "No, not really. Perhaps it is my imagination," he says, trying to reduce the cause for worry. He must have succeeded, because she looks satisfied with his answer. She looks towards the door that Ren stomped out of. "Wonder if he's coming back." Hux sniffs in irritation. "He is." He looks at the door too, without logical cause. A thought occurs to him. "Is there a reason that you both happened to show up at my house at the same time?" He wonders if they're conspiring to make his life more annoying. "He was sat on the doorstep when I arrived," Phasma says, with a small frown. "Never did tell me why he was here." Ren bursts in about four seconds after she finishes her sentence. Timely. Hux is expecting him to jump straight into a rant about his traitorous betrayal, but instead, he walks right up to Phasma, and with the hardest look Hux has ever seen on a seventeen year old's face, says, "Get out." Phasma raises her eyebrows, and her mouth quirks a little. "Or what?" "I want to talk to Hux alone." (Hux presumes that by this he means he wants to yell at Hux a lot without getting told off by anybody impartial.) "Alright," she says, that little half-incredulous smile still on her face. "I'll see you tomorrow," she tells Hux. The door is still open from when Ren barged in, and she walks out and closes it behind her. Ren forces himself into Hux's space, and gives him the same vicious stare he'd given to Phasma. Perhaps with even more feeling. Hux doesn't back away, just stares up at Ren from his armchair. Ren is the picture of madness, with wild hair and far-too-intense eyes, looking like he's about to tear Hux limb from limb. Hux doesn't doubt that he could probably do a fair bit of damage, but still, he doesn't give. He refuses to let Ren dominate this situation. "How dare you?" Ren hisses, for about the fifth time in the past hour. "You betrayer." "Alright," Hux says, waving his hand. "I did break a promise. I shouldn't have done that." "Why did you have to tell them?" Ren shouts, grabbing Hux's shoulders. His face is too close to Hux's, and Hux can see too much of the damage he inadvertently caused. Ren's eyes are red and damp like he's been rubbing at them. "I don't know why I actually trusted you." Ren doesn't wipe his eyes, instead he continues to stare at Hux unblinkingly, with a great dent in his forehead. "I hate everyone. Especially you." "Oh, calm down," Hux says. Ren frowns emphatically and Hux sighs. "Get out of my face." Ren backs away, and sits down, as aggressively as he possibly can. The entire couch jolts with the force of his body dropping onto it, and Hux eyes the ornament shelf behind him. Ah, well. Everything breaks sometime. "Look," he says. "I did it for your safety, you cretin." When it looks like Ren doesn't have anything else to say, he rubs his forehead, and asks, "Why did you come here?" "I don't have to tell you," Ren says defiantly. "Fine, go home then. I don't have to put up with you in my house." Ren rises out of his seat again, but doesn't make to leave, so Hux stands too, to match him. He refuses to give Ren the high ground. Ren doesn't like this though, it seems, as he squares his shoulders and glowers at Hux hard. He's breathing heavily, like a bull. Perhaps he's going to headbutt Hux. The clock chimes half past six, and Hux thinks about how worried Ren's mother will be about the whereabouts of her child. "Go home," Hux says, more gently this time. Ren doesn't appear to appreciate the give of his voice. "You're so horrible! You fiend," he says angrily, and then he makes a funny sound, and falls back onto the couch. "I said that cause I thought you'd be proud I knew that word." Hux exhales, and sits down too, beside Ren on the couch rather than in his chair. "I am, a bit," he says. "Well done." He runs a hand through his hair. "Please listen, Kylo," he says after a pause, using Ren's name without a hint of irony. He hasn't done that before, has he? "You must be able to understand, I did it because I was worried about you." "Why do you care?" Ren demands. He's pushing, but his tone isn't as rude as before. He's genuinely trying to understand, but of course, he is Kylo Ren, so he is failing. "Because," Hux says. It pains him to get out the words. "You have value as a person. All your family and I want is for you to be safe." "All they want is for me to be somewhere they can watch me all the time," Ren mutters. He closes his eyes, and digs his fingers into the edge of the seat cushion. "I'm so awful. Sorry." "Thank you for the apology," Hux says, "But it's quite unnecessary." He nearly pats Ren on the shoulder, but it's too strange, too familial, and he doesn't. "Now that this as close as it's going to get to resolved," he says instead, "Since you won't tell me why you came here, do you think perhaps you might be able to go home and see your parents? You would make it just in time for dinner." "I'm not going home," Ren says. "You can't make me." "I won't make you. I'm only encouraging it." "Well, it's not happening." The couch creaks with Hux's great sigh and the slackness of his body that comes with it. "Alright." "Can I sleep here?" Ren asks, outright. It would be better for Ren to have a roof over his head than to just sleep in the park again. Hux suspects that he may have started sneaking into the nearby woods past the park at night to avoid getting caught, and it's hardly safe there, especially if it's out of the reach of the authorities. So Hux lets Ren stay. They eat dinner together, which is uncomfortable and awkward—although it wouldn't be so terrible if Ren didn't keep staring at him. Every time Hux lifts his eyes from his plate, Ren's eyes are fixed on him, big and brown and inexplicably intimidating, and Hux doesn't have the guts to tell him to stop. Besides, even if Ren did, it wouldn't preclude something even more uncomfortable happening, so it's unlikely going to be worth it. After dinner Hux equips Ren with the only spare blanket he has and a glass of water, and makes to go upstairs. It's all over with now, he thinks. But the uncomfortableness actually peaks a moment later, when Ren says "Goodnight," like the two of them are—like they're something, and it's too familiar. Hux doesn't say anything in response, just walks straight up the stairs and into his room. That thread of regret is tugging inside him again when he shuts the door. It's still there when he falls asleep. Chapter 11 Hux awakes in the night while Ren is still asleep in the living room to a clattering outside. He gets up and looks out the window, and it's almost pitch black outside but there is something, definitely something down there moving. There's a torch in his bedside drawer, and he grabs for it, slides his shoes on and heads downstairs, practically excited to interact with the creature again. At the bottom of the stairs, he pauses, and opens the living room door just slightly. Just to check. And Christ, Hux is through with this. Ren has vanished from his place on the couch, and after some hasty checking, doesn't appear to be anywhere else in the house. The noise—there's probably no creature there at all, just Ren, struggling to climb over his fence. "Ren," he calls. "Get back here." He tries the front door, but it's locked, so it's most likely not the route Ren took. Hux unlocks the door to look around the driveway, but when he gets outside, Ren is nowhere in sight, while the clattering noise persists. The creature theory comes back to mind. Perhaps Ren is already long gone, and it is the beast on Hux's drive. "Hello?" Hux says. His car makes a hideous crunching noise and jolts slightly, and he steps closer, peering in through the front window to see a familiar mass of black fur. Despite his vague worries about Ren, he finds himself still quite eager to try communicating with the beast again. "Hello," he says again, and this time the creature looks up from inside the car. Hux is startled by the blood on its mouth, and he sees that there are shrivelled intestines and guts spread over the driver's seat, glistening with fluid and staining the cushion. He pales. He terribly hopes those aren't Ren's intestines. How would he explain that to the boy's parents? He stares at them, and quickly reaches the blessed conclusion they're too small, they must be some sort of an animal's. The beast is not eating them though. It lifts them carefully in its mouth without biting down, and deposits the red lumps on Hux's dashboard, then looks up at Hux once more, as if for approval. Suddenly Hux can see the intention—they are a gift for him. The creature thinks he cannot hunt, so it's bringing him food... Like a domestic animal. Like a pet. "Thank you," Hux says, unconfidently. He gives a little smile, although the monster is hardly going to understand what a slight curve of the mouth means to a human. He touches his lips and then nods and gestures at the creature. "You keep them." A flicker of uncertainty crosses the thing's eyes, and Hux nods again to reassure it. It gathers the bloodied remains of whatever poor animal it thought would make a good dinner for Hux up into its mouth, and sinks its teeth down, bursting the membranes and gushing more blood over its sharp, yellowed teeth. Its jaw hinges open and shut, and viscera dangles from its gums, oozing down the coarse fur on its neck and dribbling onto the car seat as it chews. Hux draws his eyes away. He's seen worse things, of course, but it's still... rather ghastly to look at. Once the creature has finished lapping up the blood on Hux's leather seats, it scratches at the window, and the door falls open—it appears to have managed to knock the locks off completely. Swiftly, it jumps down, and pads around the car down the driveway, and Hux follows. It takes a look at Hux, then at the gate. Does it want him to let it out? It clearly got in by itself, so surely it's able— Oh dear. The creature does want to leave, but it wants to take Hux with it, too. Hux is entirely unsure what compels him, but he finds himself unlatching the gate and opening it wide for the beast to lead the way. It runs, and he hurries after it, looking frantically around the street for passers by or eyes in any windows that might see the creature with him. The road is empty though, and the lights in all the houses are switched off, and Hux follows more confidently, breaking into a run when the creature increases its speed. He hasn't run in years, and yet here he is, sprinting down the street in his vest and pyjamas. They reach the park, and pass the fence and go into the woods. If this is a regular spot the creature visits, Hux ought to be more adamant in telling Ren to go home at night. The trees thicken, rich green masses blurring as they rush past, and Hux begins to grow tired and short of breath. "How much further?" he asks. The creature slows, and stops. "Here?" He's still got no idea what he's doing, talking to a monster who probably can't understand him at all, but that's not enough to persuade him to stop, apparently. The beast's ears prick up, and it lifts its snout up to sniff the air. Hux suddenly becomes anxious—there could be all manner of terrible things out here. This was a bad idea, he acknowledges very belatedly. A rustling sound carries from behind them. Hux whips around, and the creature bounds past him in the direction of the noise. Another creature stands there, white like an arctic fox, its fur smooth but its eyes snake-like and its limbs contorted like Hux's beast's. It sniffs at the black creature beside it, and licks behind its ears in a fond sort of way. Could it be the black creature's mother? It does look feminine, although one can never be sure at a glance with animals. The white beast appears to notice Hux, and prowls cautiously towards him, and he raises his hands with his palms open as he did in his bedroom with the first creature. "Hello." She sniffs him, then glances back at the black creature, who barrels past her to eagerly press its nose into Hux's hand. Hux tenses up his face slightly at the damp cold of its muzzle, but scratches the back of the thing's neck anyway to show he doesn't mind. The white creature appears slightly more reassured and sits down in front of him, and he pats her head, while the black one flops onto the ground. Hux is a little amused. And very concerned. There's a smudge of drying blood on his palm wiped off of the creature's muzzle, from the animal he tore to pieces in Hux's car. These monsters appear so rabid and vicious. How can they act so docile? The black creature looks up at Hux from the ground with wide eyes. It lies on its back, and its upside-down head lolls a little, then it sneezes. "Good god," Hux mutters. "This is insane." Unfazed by his words, the snowy bitch curls up on the earth beside her dark-furred friend, who continues to watch Hux as if it's expecting him to follow suit. He lowers himself to the ground, and kneels beside the creatures, petting them carefully. It's absurd, like a strange dream. He's in the middle of the woods, cosying up with two monsters. A breeze ruffles the creatures' fur, and chills Hux's exposed arms. He should have brought his coat. The black creature seems to notice that he's cold: it lifts its head and rubs the side of its face against Hux's arm where goosebumps are forming. Bewildered, he rests his hand on its neck. "You're not so terrible at all, are you?" he says. His voice is soft, and the creatures seem to like it. They nudge him down to lie on the ground with them, but he resists. It's too strange. Too far. But he wants to. He feels different here, in the trees, in the dark, in the company of these creatures. He doesn't feel safer, exactly... but sedated. The trees look greyish and ashy in the cold air, and he just sits and looks at them, and at his breath, transforming into white clouds in front of him as he exhales. He doesn't recall lying down at all, but he awakes later as suddenly as if he were dropped in cold water, with leaves and twigs digging into the back of his head. His body feels heavy, and his lips are stuck together with saliva. He runs his tongue over them, and blinks, trying to clear his vision. The white creature is sitting, watching the woods around them, like a guard. The edge of her silhouette is silvery with moonlight. Hux looks up at the sky—it's still night, although it looks like it's getting close to morning. Through the gaps in the trees, he can see the clouds, a dusty grey, and a sliver of the moon low in the sky. The black creature sleeps still next to Hux, its head tucked close to Hux's ribs. "I have to get home," he says to nobody, and sits up. He makes a noise when a wave of vertigo hits him. He's feverish, and still heavy with that funny feeling of sedation that must have lulled him to sleep. This is very bad. They're far enough into the woods that he can't remember which direction they came from, and even if he could, he isn't sure if he'd be able to walk all the way back himself. He's going to be stuck here for days. He's going to catch pneumonia... He may already have pneumonia. The white creature appears to have noticed that he's awake. She gives her friend a nudge and a lick, then looks at Hux one last time and heads off into the trees, all trace of her gone before the black creature even opens its eyes. What a great help. Hux presses his icy hand to his forehead, and slowly sits up again, the dizziness more muted this time. The black creature stirs and stumbles onto its feet when it notices that Hux is getting up. Hux ignores it. He manages to get into a standing position, but without anything to grasp onto and hold him up, it proves immensely difficult to walk very far. He's still not even sure which direction he should be heading in. "Alright," he mutters. Time for some strategy. "The moon is setting over there, which means... West. And the house is north." He starts walking at a perpendicular angle to the moon, then stops in his tracks. "Christ, that's the sun, not the moon." The black creature trots up to him. It gives him a look, and a sort of sympathetic tilt of the head. Hux scoffs. "I don't speak dog." It stares at him. Clearly it doesn't speak human either, but it seems to be making a real effort to breach the communication barriers. Or maybe Hux is delusional—which is quite possible, he does have a fever. If only the stupid dog thing was a horse and he could travel home on its back. Hux stops his sad attempt at walking to genuinely consider that thought. The creature does appear to be very strong—it managed to break his car door. Perhaps it could take his weight. The real question is whether it will let him on its back, and whether it will actually take him home or to some terrible monster den full of intestines. He is not interested in seeing any more intestines. He grabs the scruff of the creature's neck, and it looks up at him. "Please don't misinterpret what I'm doing," he says, and lifts his leg over its back. Spectacularly, it seems to register his intent immediately, and perfectly correctly too. It lowers its head slightly and shifts its shoulder blades forwards so that Hux has more of a seat. Hux holds tightly to the beast's neck, and pushes up on the foot that's still on the floor so that his weight rests completely on the creature's back. "Alright," he says as the creature starts to walk, its head twisting back in an effort to check on him every few steps. "This is happening. Alright." Soon the creature picks up speed, and Hux grips its shoulders tightly and ducks his head down. Gradually, the trees start to thin and Hux guesses that they're getting closer to the town—but as soon as he stops panicking that he's lost, he starts worrying about the chances of the neighbours seeing him riding a giant mangey wolf. But once the trees clear, the creature suddenly starts to sprint, bounding across the park and down the road faster than Hux can imagine his car is capable of traveling. Presumably the creature is thinking about being seen too—it's smarter than it looks. Hux is thankful for that, albeit slightly concerned that it might have lifted the worry straight out of his head with some other sort of supernatural power. It does seem to be able to tell what he's thinking a hell of a lot of the time. Maybe it's just very skilled at intuition. He can't be sure of anything really, everything the creatures have done has defied what he's expected of them. When they get back to the house, Hux is breathing in big shaky gasps, and somehow feels infinitely more exhausted, despite the fact that he hasn't done anything except sit there the whole distance back. Pneumonia is starting to look like more of a genuine concern. He stumbles off the creature's back to open the front door (which he's suddenly very glad he left unlocked, because there's no chance in heaven he'd be able to jam the key into the hole even if he had remembered to bring it with him), and then walks into the doorframe. "Do you think you could," he says to the creature, hoping it will understand that he requires a tad more help. It does, and trots up to him helpfully, and he grasps the straggly fur at the scruff of its neck and climbs back onto its back. He's not sure how it manages to get him up the stairs safely when he doesn't really have the strength to hold on to anything and he's essentially just balanced there, but he finds himself in his room a moment later. The creature leans to the side and Hux drops onto the bed, his legs hanging off the edge of the mattress awkwardly. He hauls them up and settles on top of the covers with his shoes still on. Whatever's wrong with him, he needs to sleep. Or perhaps he needs to stay awake. At this point he's not sure he really cares—he's going to sleep anyway. Just as he's closing his eyes, the creature jumps up onto the bed with him, and for a brief moment Hux is quite frightened (it must be the fever, inducing such pitiful feelings), but then the creature curls up at the foot of the mattress, and Hux smiles faintly. "Good... horse," he mumbles, patting the creature's back with his foot—which still has a shoe on it, although the creature doesn't seem to mind. Hux goes to sleep not long after that. He wakes up several hours later to an empty bed and incessant knocking at his door. All his muscles are stiff and his eyes are practically glued together, and he wants to go back to sleep. Perhaps the noise will go away if he can just ignore it. He covers his ears and tries to relax. The knocking gets louder. "What," he grits out. Without a word of warning, Ren opens his door, and Hux jolts embarrassingly in shock. He must look a state. He's stuck to his sheets with sweat from the fever that doesn't seem to have broken yet, and he's fairly sure there are still leaves in his hair. Ren glances around his room nosily, then when his eyes land on Hux, gives him a weird look of distaste. "Why are you wearing your shoes?" Oh, yes. And that. "My feet were cold," Hux says indignantly. "Why are you in my room?" Ren runs a hand through his hair. The edges of his face are damp—has he washed? Hux never would have expected that he had hygiene standards. "I was hungry," Ren says. "It's eleven in the AM." "You didn't have to march into my bedroom," Hux says. "There's a bowl of fruit on the table, surely you're capable of peeling a banana." Ren doesn't appear to be listening anymore, clearly his attention span is even shorter than Hux had thought. He picks up a small model train on Hux's shelf—another trinket his father left behind that Hux never bothered to dispose of—and turns it over in his hand, poking the tiny windows with his finger. "You know," Ren says, setting down the train, "I could swear you're secretly sixty years old." Hux shoots him a look, and then starts shivering. He's beginning to hugely regret following the creature out. Luckily, Ren is completely absorbed in tapping Hux's bedside clock to see if he can make the hands move out of place. Hux huffs and tries to get up to usher Ren out of his room, but the effort it takes to sit up leaves him clutching the mattress to keep from tipping forwards and collapsing onto the floor. Finally drawn away from the various items in Hux's bedroom, Ren gives him a stare. "You're being weird," he says. "Are you sick or something?" Hux grunts and bats him off. "Or are you actually sixty?" Ren asks, eyes wide like he's discovered some incredible secret conspiracy. "What are you even doing here?" Hux asks once it dawns on him that Ren left last night. "You disappeared in the middle of the night, I know it." "I went for a walk," Ren says, looking away from Hux again. "By the woods." Hux hides his worry over whether Ren may have seen him. "I wouldn't go there again at night," he says, to justify any concern Ren might detect. Although safety is a rational worry too. He knows the creatures wouldn't hurt him, but maybe he is an exception and they wouldn't think twice about killing another human (eg. Ren). And even if they didn't go after Ren, what if Ren saw one of them, and didn't realise that they were harmless, and he attacked them, or something? Christ almighty, he's concerned about the wellbeing of monsters now. "It's not safe," he says ineptly after a long silence. "It's a small town," Ren mutters. "What could happen?" Hux gives Ren a steely look at that. He doesn't expect Ren to know about the creatures, but—he really can't think of anything? "Were you really that ignorant as a child?" Hux says. "There were serial killings here, years ago. Even I know that." Ren grits his teeth. "I'm well aware. But there haven't been any since then, have there?" "Maybe they're just getting better at making it look like an accident," Hux says, and suddenly he thinks back to the mechanic who was crushed under that machine. He shakes off the thought. It's completely unfounded. He puts his cool hand on his forehead again and settles forward, resting his elbow on his knee. His fever is starting to lift a little. When Hux looks back up at Ren, he's stopped plinking Hux's bedside glass of water with his fingernail. He looks a little unwell. "There's no one out there," he snaps, a funny frown on his face. "I'll go back if I like." "All right," Hux scowls. "Just don't blame me if you come back half slashed to death." "I won't," Ren says, clearly without much thought. He gives Hux one last indignant look and leaves. Hux presumes he's still in the house because he hasn't had his breakfast yet, but as soon as he goads Hux into making something he'll probably storm off straight to the woods again to spite him. Despite his fever and the endless list of potential stupid consequences, Hux hauls his heavy bones out of bed and makes his way downstairs to the kitchen—to find that Ren isn't there. He checks each room briefly, but there's no sign of him. Since there's nothing else to do and he feels to ill to eat anything himself, he makes his way to the stairs to go back to bed. But he catches sight of something that wasn't there before in the corner of his eye. He pauses, and steps back into the bathroom. There's a smudge of diluted reddish-brown in the sink, stark against the magnolia ceramic, like somebody had washed blood off something but hadn't thought to swill the sink after. Hux's mind goes to Ren, and his damp face when he came into Hux's room. Maybe it was just a nosebleed. Or maybe something strange is going on with that boy, and he's hiding something. But then again, Hux reminds himself, so are you. So they're both deceiving fiends. Well, Hux can make his peace with that. He walks back into the kitchen aimlessly. A banana peel sits on the countertop, and Hux finds a small smile on his face. Chapter 12 Over the weekend, Hux sleeps off the fever, and when he returns to school on Monday and Ren asks about him, he insists that he is entirely well again. It's a bit of a fib, he's still quite wobbly on his feet and just a little too warm, and somehow Ren manages to pick up on that. He gives Hux a little shove and calls him a liar, which is true, but it doesn't irritate Hux at all. In fact, it makes him feel sort of fond. (Terrible, just terrible. ) Phasma catches him muttering to Ren at the end of class when she comes to see him at break. Ren starts to leave immediately when he sees her, barely giving her a nod hello. But he stops and looks back at Hux from the doorway. Hux thinks that perhaps he wasn't supposed to notice, but he acknowledges Ren anyway with a nod, and Ren scurries away. Phasma turns her head to see what he had been looking at, but Ren is already out of sight. "Got a minute to talk?" she asks. Hux nods. All of the children are at lessons, and he has a free period and nothing to fill it with. "What is it with you and him?" Phasma asks. Idly, Hux moves a few things around on his desk. "I could say the same to you," he says, without looking up. He starts to think, perhaps they shouldn't be grilling each other only days after managing to salvage their friendship. But maybe that's just how their friendship works. He raises his eyebrows. "You know each other, don't you?" Phasma feigns confusion. "I've seen him in your class, if that's what you mean." "No." Hux settles into his chair, and looks up at her. "You give each other these funny looks, like you both know something I don't. Either that or you avoid eye contact like it's the plague." Phasma shrugs, turns around and pulls one of the desk chairs up beside Hux's desk, and sits down. Then she fixes her eyes on him. Her gaze is intense, but not persecutory. "You do just the same, you know." "I don't know what you're talking about." "Maybe you don't, but you ought to. You keep-" Phasma pauses, "Looking at him." Hux frowns. He wants to be offended but she's quite right, and he'd barely noticed he'd been doing it. "What are you insinuating?" he asks. "I'm not insinuating anything. But it doesn't look good, Hux. It looks strange." "Well, I'm sorry. It's just eye contact. He stares a lot, and I can't be the weaker one and look away. I'm supposed to be in an authority position." Phasma lets out a sigh. "Why are you spending so much time with him, anyway?" "I don't know. He seems to have latched onto me—" "No," Phasma interrupts. "Excuse me?" "I said no. You've latched onto him. You're trying to help him. It's bizarre, and I want to know what the purpose of it is." "I don't know," Hux says genuinely. "He reminds me of me, I suppose." Phasma snorts. "That's an outright lie, and you know it. Come on. There's got to be a motive." But despite however much he searches inside himself, Hux can't seem to find one. "There just isn't." "Hux," Phasma says. "People like us don't do things without a motive." "Will you stop with that 'people like us' business?" Hux snaps. "I know we're alike, but that doesn't mean we're the same." The room is silent for a moment, and then Hux yields. "But you're right," he says. "There will be a reason. I just... haven't worked out what it is yet." Before Phasma can say anything in response, the sound of footsteps in the hallway carries into the classroom and Hux lifts his hand sharply to stop her speaking. A moment later, Ren appears at the door. "Forgot my bag," he says, walking through the classroom to his desk. He slows when he sees Phasma and Hux's faces. "What are you talking about?" "Teacher business," Hux says. Ren slings the strap of his bag over his shoulder. "That's a lie," he says. Then he smiles. "But it's okay." When Ren is finally out of earshot again, Hux looks down. "Look at that," Phasma scolds. "He is attached to you. This just keeps getting stranger. I really do suggest you drop him and stop with this nonsense before he drags you into something awful." Hux parts his lips, then presses them together again. He doesn't want to stop this nonsense. Phasma tilts her head, trying to get a look in his eyes. "You don't want to drop him," she says. "You want to keep him." "Yes, I suppose." "Your pet project." Hux nods, although it's rather more something to do with tedious emotional attachment than some sort of walking experiment. Less of a pet project, and more of an... actual pet. "All right then," Phasma says. "Let's see how that works out. I'm glad you've found something of intrigue to you, but if he gets you in trouble then you do have to think about cutting him out." "'Cutting him out'?" Hux repeats. "He's in my class five periods a week." "Well, we better hope it goes well then." She gives Hux one of her winning smiles, and then stands and walks out the classroom, her red polka dot dress swishing behind her. "When did you become my legal guardian?" he mutters once she's disappeared down the hall. Then he leans back in his seat, and looks out the window. The concrete of the school grounds is always damp, although the weather is normally fairly warm and Hux can never seem to remember it raining. It's empty out there, all the children are at lessons, except Hux can see just at the far end of the playground someone sitting on the edge of a bench. He looks closer, and sighs when he recognises Ren's untidy hair. Why always Ren? he thinks. As he's looking at Ren out the window, he remembers what Phasma said about the staring between the two of them. He goes to stop, to break his eyes away and look at anything else, but he just feels so oddly compelled to watch. It's impossible to explain why. It isn't even like Ren is doing anything particularly interesting, he's just sitting. And Hux is just watching. Ren looks up. He's a fair distance away so Hux can't read his face, but he feels like maybe Ren doesn't really want to be alone. Since there's nothing else for him to do, Hux wonders if he should go out and sit with him. Although he knows there's no chance he'll be able to persuade Ren to go back to lessons, it might do him good to feel less isolated—and he looks very, very isolated: the bench he's sitting on is the furthest away, and an overgrown tangle of leaves from the trees behind hang around it like a wall from the rest of the playground. Hux may as well go out and keep him company. Hux's classroom window is the only one that looks out on this part of the grounds, and it's calm, and secluded. Or at least as calm as you can get at a school full of teenagers. The indistinct rattle of chatter and commotion drifts outside from the classrooms as Hux walks down the path to the benches, getting quieter as he gets further away, until he reaches where Ren is sitting, and almost all the sounds from inside are absorbed in the grass and the mass of trees and bushes at the edge of the grounds. "Any reason in particular you didn't go to your next lesson?" Hux asks as he sits down on the bench next to Kylo. There is a leaf in Kylo's hands, and about a hundred tiny pieces of it are ripped up and scattered over his lap. He doesn't look up from the leaf when he speaks. "It's all useless," he says. He sounds indifferent, like this isn't some new realisation but something he's been thinking about for a while. "I'm not going to become some great literary author guy, I'm not going to be a historian or a mathematician or a scientist. There's no purpose in letting me carry on these classes." Hux looks at Ren next to him. He doesn't really know what to say. Ren tears off another small piece of the leaf. "I'm not upset about it," he clarifies. "But there just isn't any point. Can't I go and be a mechanic like my father and be done with it? I already know how to do everything I'd need to, I've been watching him since I was a kid." Hux doesn't think it's the sort of question he can give a satisfactory answer to. "Your mother—I'm assuming it's your mother—clearly wants you to go through the school system, and that's why you're here. It can't do any harm to be cleverer." "How do you know? You're clever and you really don't seem very happy." "What makes you think that?" asks Hux, taken aback. "I don't know," Ren says. "You never smile. I mean, you laugh at things I say sometimes because they're stupid, but." "Maybe I'm smiling inside." It's a weak try, Hux thinks, but it might fool him. Ren looks over at him, an unconvinced frown on his face. "You ought to be happier." "Well, I'm sorry, but I can't just click my fingers and become Mr Sunshine." "General Sunshine," Ren corrects. "You would be General Sunshine." Hux smiles, and then when Ren grins too he starts laughing. "You are quite brilliant sometimes." "Thank you," Ren says humbly. He smiles at Hux once again, and then looks down at his leaf. Hux keeps looking at Ren, for some reason. It's somehow better that Ren isn't looking back at him. He can just observe this way. When they're making eye contact Hux feels pressured, like he needs to exert his power, because if he doesn't then Ren will be the dominant one, and he couldn't possibly let that happen. He feels that way with everybody, but with Ren it seems that he has to make much more of an effort to be the more powerful presence—even though Ren is clearly the lesser in terms of intelligence and status, his bluntness and headstrongedness make him a challenge to stay ahead of. It's almost pleasant just to look at Ren's face, slightly ashy in the sunlight, and his crooked nose and dark eyelashes and messy hair, Hux thinks, as he watches Ren tear idly at his leaf. It's probably a strange thought. He doesn't find it pleasant to look at any of his other students. In fact, just being in the presence of most of them wears him out. Ren tires him too, of course—he has the most exhausting personality out of anyone Hux has ever had the displeasure of meeting—but somehow it's still satisfying to be able to look at him. "This is dull," Ren says, and Hux draws his eyes away from him in case he looks up. "Well," Hux says, "What were you doing before I got here?" "Nothing. That was dull too." "Why didn't you just go to lessons? At least then you'd have something to do." Nothing Ren does ever seems to make sense to Hux. He defies logic. "Don't know," Ren shrugs. "I wondered what you'd do if you saw me out here." "Oh, you do like to stir things up, don't you." Ren gives a bit of a smirk. "It's good fun." "It is," Hux agrees. "You're a teacher," Ren says disapprovingly, looking over at Hux. "You're not supposed to agree with me." Hux inhales, and then breathes out lazily. He wishes he had a cigarette. Shame he gave up. "I really don't have the heart to argue with you when I don't care." "You know, I was wrong about you. You're pretty cool." "I'm not cool," Hux says. He pauses for effect. "I'm ice cold." Ren grins and shoves him again. He's probably being a little more casual than is appropriate, but nobody is going to know. The only classroom that looks out on this part of the grounds is Hux's, so they're safe from suspicious teachers, or other children thinking Ren is becoming a teacher's pet. Although anyone who is suspicious is probably rightfully so. Hux is hardly a good role model or even a particularly safe person to be around. It sometimes baffles him how meticulous people are about who should be allowed around their children, yet he has killed people and he passed all checks without a second thought. Something to do with respect for veterans, probably. When the lunch bell rings, Hux feels let down by the existence of time. He had wanted to stay here longer. Well, he could stay through lunch, but then there would be children everywhere, and that rather spoils his desire to sit in the quiet. He looks at the leaf in Ren's hands. "Don't you have to go to the staff room now?" Ren asks. "No," Hux says. "But I don't think I'll stay here." He brushes against Ren's shoulder when he stands up, and suddenly his whole brain is tilted off course. He's feeling a sort of emotion. It's unsettling but not unpleasant, and Hux doesn't know what it is, just that it's strong enough that it startles him. It takes him a few moments for him to regain focus, and when he does, Ren is staring up at him. "Are you okay?" "Yes," Hux rushes out. "Absolutely." "Alright. I'll see you tomorrow?" Hux straightens his shirt. "In lessons. I'd like you to try and attend all your classes tomorrow." "I'll see how it goes," Ren says. "Can't make any promises." "How about I give you a free pass out of English in exchange for you actually going to history tomorrow?" Ren scoffs. "Come on, history's the last thing I'm going to need in life." Children begin to spill out of the doors onto the grounds, chatting and swinging their lunch boxes. Hux knows he ought to go now, but he isn't finished with Ren. "Perhaps, but the other day I mentioned Henry VIII and you had no idea who he was. That's a problem, Ren. That's simple general knowledge." "This is harassment," Ren complains. "I thought you were cool." "At no point did I genuinely agree that I was cool. I'm a teacher. I can let you out of some things but you really do need to make at least a basic effort." "Fine, fine. I'll go to history. I can easily get all the information in twenty minutes, though. So, maybe just the second half?" "Ren," Hux says sternly. "Alright. The whole class. Whatever you say, General Sunshine." Hux scowls, and then starts to leave. Ren doesn't say anything else, and Hux has to resist the urge to turn back and look at him again. But Phasma is right. The staring thing, it is strange, and probably very inadvisable. He ought to stop. There's just something compelling about Ren's wonky face. He makes an effort not to look back, but he wonders if Ren is looking at him—and if any of the children are watching Ren look at him. At least if he stops staring at Ren then he'll avoid suspicion from the other teachers, but if Ren keeps it up then his peers are bound to catch on sometime and start teasing him. When Hux gets inside, he goes straight to the staff room. He hates it there, but at least there's no view out onto the playground. It smells like somebody has burned the coffee again, and there are no chairs left that aren't somehow broken, and Hux reluctantly grabs himself a mug and a chocolate bourbon biscuit and gets in line for the percolator. He wishes he'd brought a lunch with him for once so that he'd have something to do, but by process of elimination it's the least important meal of the day, so he never bothers making one. People are making eye contact with him, and they're going to want to talk to him soon. He takes a bite of his stale biscuit. If only it was actually made with bourbon. "Why, General!" Mrs Abbott exclaims. She bumps past several other teachers in the queue to invade Hux's space. Hux suddenly recalls that Mrs Abbott was one of the main reasons he vowed never to enter the teachers' lounge again. He feels regret. "We haven't seen you here in weeks. How have you been?" Oh, what he would give for that biscuit to contain alcohol. "I've been just fine, thank you," he says politely. He gets to the front of the line and pours himself a cup of coffee. Black, no sugar. "How is..." Mrs Abbott struggles for a name. "How is your—" Presumably her default small-talk script involves asking about his wife, or his children, or his parents, and she came to a dead end. The only people Hux thinks hold any significance to him are Phasma and Ren. He imagines what would happen if Mrs Abbott knew that. 'Oh, how is that almost-friend of yours? And that idiotic student you're bizarrely infatuated with?' "Everybody I'm in contact with is well, thank you," he says thinly, taking a sip of his coffee. He begins to wish that that contained alcohol too. Mrs Abbot smiles blithely. "Lovely." She stares at him, that big rosy smile stuck on her face, waiting for him to recite the next line from the script. He sighs into his mug, then puts it down on the table. "And how is Mr Abbott?" "Well he's had that funny foot looked at, and they gave him some antibiotics and he's feeling much better now. And Suzy is going to start school here in a few months, isn't that wonderful?" "Just... wonderful," Hux says, over-chewing his stale biscuit. "Wonder if she'll be in my class." "Oh, I do hope so. Although she isn't taking English." Hux stares at her. "Right." The rest of lunch progresses in a similarly painful fashion, and by the end Hux hasn't had a moment to himself. Hardly a 'break'. In fact, he can't wait to get back to his class. "You must promise to come back here at lunch tomorrow," Mr Thomson says, forcing that same beaming smile that is perpetually plastered on Mrs Abbott's face. "Everybody has so much catching up to do with you." Hux raises his eyebrows. "Will do. Definitely." He is never coming back again. His irritating class is pleasant company compared to the politely invasive busybodies over in the staff room, and the rest of the day breezes by smoothly. On the walk home he thinks about taking his car to get fixed at the weekend, and that's when he recalls that Ren said his father was a mechanic. It almost went straight over his head. He ought to give the seats an extra thorough clean before he hands it over to the shop in case Ren's father works there, so that he doesn't doubt Hux's credibility as a teacher and an appropriate person to be around his son. He had wiped them off already, but they're still a little stained from where the creature dumped that animal's entrails. It's quiet when he gets home, and he feels perhaps a little lonely (which has nothing to do with the fact that Ren is on his mind), so he turns on the radio and makes some tea. Once he sits down in his armchair, the tea is the perfect temperature to comfortably warm his hands, and he takes a sip. He sighs, and is just about to close his eyes when his window smashes and the creature comes crashing through. "Well, fuck," Hux says, with dignity, as shards of glass shoot across his floor around the room. The glass settles, and Hux is just about to greet it as usual when he notices something off. The creature looks nothing like it did last time he saw it. Its appearance usually changes slightly each time he meets it again, but this time it's drastic, everything is different, more contorted... really, there are no words. Its eyes are the only thing that tell Hux it's the same creature he's seen before. Ordinarily it could probably be mistaken for a large, slightly deformed domesticated wolf, but there is no natural explanation for this. Its skull is barely covered by a thin membrane of skin, its fur is almost gone, leaving bumpy and dark red-tinged flesh exposed, and its jaw creaks as it lifts its head. A low growl rumbles in its throat and the glass crunches under its claws as it assumes a hostile stance. Hux is admittedly very concerned. He could possibly go so far as to say that he's afraid. The creature's eyes flash to Hux's, slits narrowing, and suddenly, it lunges in a snap movement and sinks its teeth into Hux's hand. Hux chokes on a gasp as the creature skids away from him. The pain spreads through his arm, stinging and deep, and the creature puts more distance between them, suddenly passive. Hux stares at his hand. The shock is so jolting he almost stumbles off his feet. The teeth marks are enormous, deep and ragged, and the skin is red and inflamed all around the wound already. Infection looks likely, but he's aware that going to a doctor is inadvisable in case they inquire how he got it, so instead, numb with shock, he stumbles to the bathroom to get the iodine and deal with it himself. Hux ignores the creature behind him as he fumbles with the knob on the cupboard, and then picks up the nearest thing that's acceptable to dab at the wound with. The blood soaks slowly into the yellow of the bath sponge, pooling in the tiny air bubbles, and he stares at it. He feels cold inside, betrayed. He doesn't know why. It's only an animal, what else could he have expected? He tips a little iodine onto the sponge and swipes it over the wound. The sound of the creature crunching the glass on the floor under its feet distracts him, and he gives in and turns back to look at it. It still looks different, its eyes are still narrow and wicked, but it's no longer quite so rabid. Hux wonders how he could have ever seen this monster as a friend. And yet, he still feels so inexplicably offended. It's just a beast. Volatile and unpredictable. All those instances where it had seemed intelligent... they had just been flukes, surely. It's not compatible. This creature that so viciously bit him can't be the same as the one who helped him, and tried to communicate in such a friendly manner before. The roll of bandages in the cupboard is nearly finished, but there's just enough for Hux to wrap his hand sufficiently. He kneels on the bathroom floor for a long while after it's done, just looking at the faint red seeping through the patch under the bandages. When he finally gets up and leaves, his muscles are sore from sitting on the hard floor for so long. He stretches, his joints clicking, and wanders into the living room. The creature is gone. Tension he didn't realise he was holding in his shoulders disappears: he can deal with the fact that one of his only friends, albeit a supernatural non-verbal non-human one, is gone, later. It's then that he processes how much of a wreck the room is. It takes him almost two hours to sweep all the glass outside and pin up a sheet to cover the gaping broken window, and there are still tiny shards dusted over the floor, and cold air creeps in around the edges of his makeshift windshield. As he works, his thoughts circle around the same things over and over—Ren, Phasma, and what they'd think if he told them about any of this. He wishes he could have the company of at least one of them right now. He could telephone Phasma, but she would hear in his voice that something is wrong and ask about it, and he can't tell her that one of the creatures bit him or she'll think he's really insane. Unless he shows her the wound. There's no hiding that. Perhaps the evidence would convince her—but Hux doesn't want to drag her into something like that. It'll be impossible to convince her that it's just a little injury from trying to fix his car though, she's too smart for that. What an impossible situation, Hux thinks. Every situation he's in seems to be an impossible one these days. He goes to bed early, lamenting the fact that he no longer has any idea what's going on in his life. And he used to be such a brilliantly put-together person. Chapter 13 Notes: i haven't updated in a while, so in case you've forgotten what happened last chapter: phasma is concerned that hux is spending so much time with ren and wants to know wtf his motive is, then later the creature bites hux and hux feels super betrayed, and also hux is beginning to get Slightly infatuated with kylo ren (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) On the walk to school the next morning, Hux finds himself fretting about crossing paths with the creature he'd once so looked forward to seeing. And it makes him doubly ashamed, because anxiety had always been something he looked down on as a pathetic human trait. The creature doesn't reappear at all, but even at school, surrounded with witnesses, Hux still feels on edge. He keeps running his fingers over the bandage on his hand, and several students notice and whisper to one another about how maybe Hux is doing secret army missions in his spare time. Hux almost sniggers when he hears—he wishes that were the case. At least then he'd have an organisation to blame for his newly unstable mental state. And maybe he'd get some compensation. When Ren's class comes in, it occurs to Hux that he may have to come up with an explanation for the injury to feed to Ren. He's bound to ask questions, and now that they're not-exactly-enemies, Hux probably owes him an answer. Ren stares at the bandaged hand for the whole lesson, looking away when Hux eyes him, but returning moments later every time. Although staring is fairly normal for Ren, Hux takes notice when he starts to look like he's in some sort of waking coma. His eyes are fogged over and there's a strange frown on his face, and his fingers rest on his mouth. Hux quietly approaches him while the rest of the class is doing work. "Kylo," he says in a lowered voice. "Are you all right?" "Yeah, fine," Ren says, but he's still frowning like he's trying to work our a very difficult math problem. "Just tell me if you need to go to the nurse or something, yes?" Ren's frown deepens. "It's you that should go to the nurse. What's wrong with your hand?" Hux considers telling a half-truth and saying he was bitten by a dog at the park, but in the end he settles for the more innocuous lie. Phasma might not buy the car explanation, but at least he can count on Ren to be gullible. "Just a little injury from trying to fix my car." "You need to get it healed," says Ren, running his fingers over his mouth. "Yes, that's why I bandaged it. Kylo, do you know you're being a bit strange?" "No, no, it's all good. I'm just." Ren cuts off as he jolts with some sort of muscle spasm. Hux notices his hands are balled into fists so tightly his knuckles are white. "Are you sure you're okay?" he asks again. Ren's head drops forward and he clenches his jaw. He grits out a swear under his breath. "Actually, maybe I should go to the nurse," he says hurriedly. "All right," Hux says, concerned, and nods at the boy at the desk next to Ren's. "Johnson, you take him." "No," Ren cuts in, standing up and grabbing Hux's shoulder. "I need you to take me." Hux puts on his stern teacher face. "I'm sorry, but I have a class to teach—" "Not important," Ren says, already tugging Hux towards the door urgently. As they leave the classroom, students snigger about them, but Hux doesn't turn back to scold them. He's caught up in what might be wrong with Ren that's so pressing he needs to bring Hux with him. His first thought is that maybe Ren managed to get ahold of some of Hux's painkillers when he slept at his house and did something stupid with them. "Have you taken something?" he asks Ren. "You have to tell me if you have." He's on the edge of panic, and he's angry too if this is the case, but Ren stubbornly doesn't reply. They pass the nurse's office, and Hux's head swipes back. "Ren, you've just walked straight past the nurse. You could see her sitting there through the doorway, you can't be that ill." Ren still stays silent and keeps walking, purposefully and quickly like the nurse wasn't where he had intended to go at all. The fire exit is ahead of them and Ren pushes through the door, tugging Hux along with him outside. Hux isn't sure what to say, or what's going on. It seems important so he doesn't want to question it, but it's also completely nonsensical. They're off the school grounds now, struggling through the bushes that border the woods. Ren's beginning to get unstable on his feet, and he keeps grasping at Hux's shoulder. Hux offers his arm, and Ren looks at him for a moment, trembling slightly, then takes it, carrying on through the woods until Hux isn't entirely sure which direction they came from. "Okay," Ren rasps, tugging away from Hux. "I'd really advise against following me any further." "But you pulled me out here," Hux says, then chokes on his words a little when Ren starts pulling his shirt over his head as he walks. "What the hell are you doing—" "Look, I know you're not gonna listen," Ren yells, getting further away, "But please keep your fucking distance." Hux holds his tongue about how hypocritical Ren's being. He stays on the spot, his eyes on Ren, whose movements are getting more shaky and unsteady as he disappears into the trees. He doesn't come back. It's minutes before anything happens, and even then it's nothing reassuring: the creature bounds up to Hux from out of the bushes. "What in the hell..." Hux says. The creature looks normal again, and there's no trace of hostility in its eyes, or its body language. Hux stares at it, wary. "Ren?" he calls again, his eyes on the beast. It looks back up at him. Its tail gives a little wag, like a dog. "You go away," he says to it, and it backs away slightly. "You're in disgrace." He picks up Ren's shirt off the floor, and starts off walking in the direction Ren had gone in, yelling his name, but after several minutes of searching there's still no sign of him. Distracted by his irritation and secret worry that Ren is in some sort of awful trouble, he manages to trip over a root, and as he's getting back on his feet and collecting himself the creature trots over to him. Hux huffs. It appears that it's been trailing along behind him the whole time. "What do you want?" Hux snaps. It had been a rhetorical question, but in response the creature nudges at his injured hand. "What, you want to bite me again?" he asks, annoyed, but he doesn't snatch back his hand when the creature starts tugging at the dressing lightly with its teeth. It pulls on the end of the bandage, carefully unwinding it until eventually Hux's hand is uncovered. The air feels cold on his inflamed skin, and he feels a little wary, as if at any minute the creature might do something mad. It delivers, and starts licking his hand. Hux flinches, but allows it, guessing that it's some sort of apology. After all, dog saliva is supposed to have analgesic properties. The bite begins to feel cool and soothed, and the pain reduces and reduces, until it doesn't hurt at all. And then, before Hux's eyes, the cut disappears, leaving nothing but a faint scar. "What... the fuck," he utters. The scab is gone, and the pain is gone, and the creature is looking up at him waiting for approval. He doesn't know what to say; he's speechless. He pats the creature, and its ears go flat. "How did you do that?" he murmurs. He supposes that it explains how all of the injuries he'd seen the creature get had healed so quickly. That broken leg, that awful thing with its spine. Hux's guess had been that it was some sort of super strength or accelerated metabolism, but this is much more useful. He thinks about what this could mean for the world, all the possibilities—he could bottle it and sell it as miracle healing tonic. There wouldn't be much in quantity, but it would still have the potential to make millions. He'd shock the medical world, the scientific world. The world in general. But he couldn't do that to his strange little monster friend. "All right, I forgive you," Hux says, and ruffles the straggly fur at the creature's neck. "I still don't understand why you felt the need to bite me, but." With the creature in tow, Hux carries on through the woods looking for Ren, shouting his name and even 'Ben' once or twice, just in case. Now and then the creature pulls ahead and stands in front of Hux, like it's trying to get him to stop, but after nothing happens when Hux plays along, he begins to get tired of it. And it feels like it's been hours and he still can't find Ren. He starts to think about heading back to school, but then he's not sure what he'll do with the creature. It seems to be fairly adept at staying hidden from other people—Hux wonders briefly why it revealed itself to him in the first place, because it can't have been an accident when it's so good at being invisible—but what if it misunderstands and follows him inside? And if it does stay out in the woods, what if Ren is still out there and it finds him, goes manic again and bites him too? Or worse? Eventually Hux just decides to see what happens if he goes back to the school. He's been absent for long enough, and there's a chance that Ren returned ages ago and has just been hanging about at the nurse's office the entire time Hux has been searching for him. Hux follows the sun, thankful that he was bored enough to look up which direction the school is facing one weekend a few months ago. The creature trails behind him, but when Hux asks it to stay, it seems to understand and sits down. Hopefully it'll stay there long enough for him to get out of sight. As he walks, Hux takes the used bandage out of his pocket and winds it around his hand again to avoid suspicion, and marvels at the creature's special ability. What a valuable gift. He looks ahead, through the trees, and sees that he's starting to near the bushes that border the grounds. He wonders how his class has been getting on without him. If he's lucky nothing will be on fire. Thankfully, there's no sign of smoke from outside the school as he walks across the grounds, which is quite a victory as total destruction of the school is a genuine concern when seventeen-year-old students are left alone. Less fortunately, Ren is not the nurse's office when Hux goes to check, nor is he in the classroom. "I hope you've been getting along with your work," Hux says to the class when he comes back in. He tries to seem unconcerned, as if he just dropped Ren at the nurse's office and returned straight away, even though they've surely all noticed that he was gone close to an hour. "I'll be marking it tonight." The students exchange dubious glances, and a couple start sniggering. Clearly they've all been lazing around from the moment he left. "Just because I'm out of the room for a minute, doesn't mean you all have a free pass to slack off work," Hux says curtly. He sits down at his desk and glances over his notes. He's completely forgotten what the lesson had been about. "Well, you can't punish us all," a boy, Abernathy, shrugs. "Are you sure about that?" Hux asks. It sounds like a challenge to him. "It's Ren's fault you left, anyway," Rogers pipes up. "Shouldn't you be punishing him?" Hux purses his lips. It's true, if Ren was any other child he would be in a heap of trouble right now. Hux probably would have called his parents. But he doesn't want to worry Ms Solo any further. Besides, he's sure Ren will turn up soon, he probably just went to bunk off again. While having some sort of a fit. "I'll make sure to reprimand him," Hux says, "But you're all in trouble too." The class groans, and Hux chastises them. He gives them extra work to do to make up for their slacking, and they complain some more, and then they leave. When the day is over, Hux checks the nurse's office once more just in case before he goes home, but Ren is still not there. He unwinds his bandage and drops it in a medical waste bin, and leaves. He's still worrying about Ren that evening after dinner. He sits in his chair, rubbing his forehead, the curtains open in case he spots Ren outside. It's a long shot but he doesn't care. His cup of tea is untouched next to him, traded instead for a glass of brandy, and the radio is on, playing some new doowop sh-boom tune that all the kids will be singing in the hallways, and Hux is feeling a little bit desperate. Not only is he worried about Ren, but he's lonely again, too. It's terribly sentimental, but he really does hope that Ren is all right, and not just for his own sake. Although a lot of it is for his own sake. And he's on the edge of realising why, it's already in his subconscious, but he doesn't want to listen. He's good at that: ignoring things in his mind that are trying to make themselves obvious to him. Repressing. Hux sees movement out the window. He turns, and there is Ren on his driveway, shirtless, and looking a bit cold. On the bright side, he doesn't appear to be having muscle spasms any more. Hux raises a hand in a subdued sort of wave. It looks like all of his panic was for nothing, as usual. Reassured, he goes to the door and opens it before Ren can knock. It looks like Ren is about to say hello, or maybe apologise, before he notices Hux's unbandaged hand. "Hey, how did your hand heal so quick?" Hux opens his mouth, but then closes it when he sees the faint scar on Ren's stomach and remembers how the gash had impossibly healed in hours. Exactly like Hux's hand. "Oh," Ren mumbles. "Never mind." He chews on his lip. "Look, I wanted to apologise about dragging you out of class earlier." "All right," Hux says, "But you'd better come in first. I'd like to talk to you about something as well." Inside, they sit opposite each other, Hux in his armchair and Ren on the couch. "Do you have my shirt?" Ren asks. "No, I left it at school somewhere," Hux says. "I suppose you could borrow one of mine again." Ren shakes his head. "It's fine." He picks at a loose thread on the sofa, and looks at the floor. "You were going to apologise for dragging me out of my class?" Hux prompts. "Right," says Ren. "Yes. Sorry about dragging you out of your class. I just—I was just trying to show you something." "Just a note for future reference: a good apology doesn't have an excuse at the end of it," Hux says. "But I'm intrigued. What did you want me to see?" "It's hard to explain." Ren avoids eye contact again, keeping his gaze fixed on his own knees. "You already saw it, but you didn't get it." Hux furrows his brow. "It wasn't you shirtless, was it?" Ren laughs, although he still seems anxious. "No." He runs a hand through his hair. "What happened after I went into the trees?" "I looked for you. And then I went back to school." "You're missing out something," Ren says, and Hux pales. His muscles tense, and his blood literally feels cold. Ren saw him with the creature. Talking to it like he could understand it. He must think Hux is insane. "Say it," Ren says. Hux meets his eyes. "No," he says pathetically. "You spoke to that monster." "It's explainable if you'll hear me out." "You don't need to explain yourself," Ren says irritatedly. "You need to do some more thinking." Well, now Hux is lost. "About what?" Ren flops back in his seat. "I can't believe you haven't figured it out yet." "Figured what—what are you trying to tell me?" Hux hasn't any idea of what he's supposed to know. Is Ren trying to tell him that he talks to the creature too? Or is he trying to say something else entirely? "All the days I skip school," Ren says. "They're the days you see the monster, aren't they?" "Mostly," Hux says slowly. This is significant somehow, but he's not sure why. "Would you just tell me straight out what the hell you're trying to say? Because I'm really not picking it up." "Come on, please just think harder. I'm not saying it, it sounds fucking stupid." Hux pinches the bridge of his nose. "My mind is not so reliable lately, just quit being stubborn and tell me." Ren sighs. "The monster..." he says. Then he purses his lips and points at himself blatantly. "Are you trying to tell me," Hux begins, hoping that he's wrong, "That every now and then you magically turn into that great hulking wolf thing? The great hulking wolf thing that's been following me around?" Ren raises his eyebrows and nods. "Yeah, I'd say that's about it." Hux leans back in his chair. It's a little difficult for him to process. He would accuse Ren of lying, but it all fits together. So many odd moments suddenly make sense. The blood left in Hux's downstairs bathroom sink after Ren washed his face—it must have been the same blood that was on the creature's face after eating that animal. And the creature finding Hux's home—he had taken Ren there for his detention right before that. So Kylo Ren is some kind of werewolf. Right... But then again, the transformations are nothing close to monthly, and the creature form fluctuates, so maybe 'werewolf' isn't exactly the right term. Besides, werewolves don't exist. Trust fantasy writers to get it all wrong. Hux picks up his brandy again and finishes the glass. "Say something, would you?" Ren pleads. "I can't," Hux says. "I've detached from the situation. I'm dead inside. This is so surreal." "I can pretend I didn't say anything if you want," Ren says. He looks like he feels bad, and suddenly Hux feels bad too. Ren shared this with him. Even if it's insane, it was meant in a good way. Probably. "It's all right," Hux says. "You just said you were dead inside." I'm just having a little trouble processing it. How did—how did this happen? Why are you like this?" "I don't know," Ren says. "It just started happening a few years ago." Hux rubs his forehead. "God, this is. God." "I can give you a minute," Ren says. "I'll find a shirt." He stands up and disappears up the stairs, apparently comfortable enough in Hux's house to just walk up to his bedroom and root through his drawers without asking. Once Ren is gone, Hux pinches himself in the arm, like people do in books when something unbelievable happens. And just like in the books, it hurts, and it doesn't jolt him back into reality. This is reality. He breathes in and out, and then he says, "Fuck." Ren comes back down the stairs wearing one of Hux's clean shirts (which is clearly too small for him again). Hux hopes he didn't hear him swear. "Thank you for healing my hand," he says to Ren. "It's no problem," Ren says, undoing the top button of the shirt and then exhaling and sitting down. "I owe you after that bite. Wasn't in a good place then, sorry." Hux touches his mouth, a thought forming. He's suddenly got a hundred questions, and no idea how to ask them tactfully. "What do you normally do about clothes when you're out there as the creature?" he asks, outright. "I'm guessing they don't stay on." Thankfully, Ren seems unfazed. "I have a few outfits hidden around the woods. I normally pack some in my school bag but I left it in class today." "Were you-" Hux pauses, "In the middle of transforming when you dragged me out there?" Ren nods. "It wasn't on purpose. It just started happening, and I thought, what better time than now to show you?" He shrugs. Hux rubs his forehead. "Any time but in the middle of a lesson." "Oh. Sorry." "It's all right," Hux says. He feels like he says that a lot to Ren. "The risks are just—" He scrambles for words. "Just please be more careful." "I will," Ren says. There's silence for a moment, and Hux fleetingly tries to order his racing thoughts before he gives up. Then something dawns on him. "Oh my god," he says. "You ate a squirrel corpse. You left its guts all over my dashboard." He'd thought about the creature eating a dead animal a moment ago, but hadn't yet processed that Ren ate that animal, Ren killed it and dumped it in Hux's car as a gift. "Sorry," Ren says again, scratching the back of his neck. "It felt like a good idea at the time." Hux babbles incredulously for a moment. "Are you telling me—you can't possibly—do you know what's happening when you're in that form?" Ren scrunches his face up. "I mean, on some level, I guess. But I don't have total control. Sometimes I'm pretty aware but mostly it's just a sort of, I don't know. Altered consciousness. I forget everything as soon as it happens, I just go by instinct." Hux raises an eyebrow. "And what exactly were your instincts telling you when you smashed through my window and bit me?" "Come on," Ren scowls. "I had no idea what was going on then. I just totally lost it. It was pretty scary for me too, you know." Admittedly, Hux hadn't really considered that. He's curious, suddenly. "What was it like?" Ren pulls his feet up on the couch. "It's just a big void when I try and remember. But I wake up after stuff like that, and there's this bad taste in the back of my mouth, like, metal, like human blood. And I just know I've done something bad." A silence lingers between them again. Hux thinks about keeping his thoughts quiet, but the question is just itching to be asked. He licks his lips. "'Stuff like that'. You've hurt people before?" Ren smooths his hands over his knees, waiting a few moments before he can form the word. "Yeah." Hux breathes slowly. "Well, so have I." He tries to relax his muscles. "I've killed people." Ren's eyes are downcast. His hands are shaking a little, and there's a guilty look on his face. "So have I." Hux's face changes, and he leans forward. He's feeling a rush of emotion, something like compassion, empathy. In the army you know from the moment you sign up that eventually you're going to have to kill somebody. You're prepared. And it feels bad but the country excuses you of your guilt, because it's for the greater good. Ren did not sign up for this. Ren has never been excused. "It wasn't you," Hux says. "You weren't in full control." Ren shifts in his seat. "I know. It wasn't even direct. I just... I make it happen, when I'm like that. Bad things happen to people near me." "What do you mean? You mean you injure people without touching them?" Ren nods. "There's this kind of aura of badness around me. Anyone near enough gets hurt somehow." "That's why you run away from home so often," Hux says. All of it is suddenly making sense, slotting together in his mind. He looks over at Ren. "Why has nothing terrible happened to me yet?" "I have a theory," Ren begins. "I don't think you'd want to hear it." Unsure and a little worried why Ren might think that, Hux plays it safe and nods. "Okay then." He pours himself another glass of brandy, to cope. He's coping. "Can I have some?" Ren asks just as he's about to take a sip. "Oh, hell," Hux mutters, and passes Ren his glass. Then he takes a swig straight from the bottle. The room is silent while Hux lets the brandy calm his fried brain and Ren nurses his glass. His face twists every time he takes a sip, and Hux wonders if he's ever had alcohol before. His father seems the type that would be lenient with that sort of thing, but his mother comes across as a careful parent, quite the opposite. "Thanks," Ren says into his glass. "I forgot to say." "It's no problem," Hux says. He picks up the bottle and takes another lazy gulp, then sets it down on the table with a clunk. "I'd just like to know—why did you tell me this?" There's no response from Ren. He sinks further back into the couch, and seems to be hiding his face behind his glass. "Kylo, why did you tell me?" Hux asks again. He still doesn't receive a response. "Are you looking to be absolved? Do you want comfort? Help? I really don't think I'm the person to come to." Ren shrugs, still avoiding looking Hux in the eye. "I just wanted to trust somebody, I guess." Hux isn't sure how to respond. He looks at Ren, who is staring at his glass like the meaning of life is written at the bottom of it. "I'll make an effort to be someone trustworthy then," Hux says. Notes: hi! i just wanted to say thank you SO MUCH to everybody who's left kudos/commented on this fic! every kudos and especially every comment makes me so happy. im rlly sorry i don't reply often, im sick and it takes a lot out of me, but im having a lot of treatments so hopefully i'll get a bit better soon. anyway thanks again to everybody who reads this fic i love u with all of my arrhythmic little heart! Notes: kudos, bookmark or comment to make my day. im desperate for validation :^)