Chapter I Summary: "Taking Flight" by The JB Conspiracy https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fJXB2vhJMzU Adrenaline was a drug to Poe Dameron. It made him feel alive, made him feel free. It gave him limitless bounds of energy and courage. It powered the daring stunts he pulled in his beloved X-Wing, high above the cage of gravity. It let him forget his pain. Danger was a stimulant to Poe. More danger meant a bigger rush. Danger was another drug, and Poe was a heavy addict. He’d faced death more times than any other normal human his age, and he liked it. Flirting with death was just part of the job description. His life was expendable. His cause was not. At least, that’s what he told himself. These thoughts coursed through Poe’s mind in a matter of seconds as he expertly piloted Black One across a wave of TIE fighters. His lithe fingers depressed the customized triggers lightly, sending a burst of blood-red laserfire into the enemy line. Five shots, five fighters downed. Normal. Funny how people thought these kind of simple stunts remarkable. “This is Red Six to Black Leader!” Poe’s comm staticked to life. “I’ve got one on my tail, can’t shake it!” Poe’s analytic eyes swept over his battlefield before calculating the trajectory. Barely five seconds. He guided his X-Wing in on the TIE chasing Brance’s ship, dangerously close to the bridge of the Star Destroyer leading the fleet. His movements were barely human, making tight turns that even the most experienced pilots wouldn’t dare to try. Within a matter of seconds, he’d reduced said TIE fighter to smithereens. “Thanks, Poe!” “No problem,” Poe replied monotonously. He rolled his eyes. Stupid kriffing distractions. This was too easy. All of his battles these days were. Well, the ones that could be fought ship-to-ship were. Poe took a deep breath to center himself. Flying was second nature to him. Black One wasn’t just a ship; she was just another part of him, her controls extensions of Poe’s arms. His jaw set firmly as he led his squadron in tight formation through the ranks of TIEs. “Hit the main destroyer!” he ordered. “Aim for the bridge! Reds Two and Four, Blues Three and Seven, follow me! We’re gonna give our friends some supporting fire!” “Copy that, Black Leader!” The affirmation rang four times, and Poe executed a twisting maneuver underneath the belly of the Star Destroyer. He didn’t check to see whether or not his squadmates were following before circling back and facing the oncoming TIEs head-on. “Poe, what are you doing?!” Poe didn’t know who gave the exclamation, but he switched off his comms and concentrated on his shots. Through a binary monitor, BB-8 gave a shrill whistle. “I know what I’m doing!” Poe retorted, flipping switches and levers faster than what seemed humanly possible. Banking tightly across the starboard wing, one TIE behind him couldn’t keep up and crashed into the side of the massive ship. BB-8 offered a cynical reply, which Poe ignored. He breathed deeply and let the rush, the thrill of battle, overtake him. His hands moved of their own accord, dancing across the controls and triggers as if the whole dogfight were a game. In a way, it was. There was a winner, and there was a loser. There were no rules, just formations and risks one had to be willing to take. Perhaps Poe was also a gambler. His life was no more than an unpredictable wildcard, just one of the many that the Resistance could throw down in front of the First Order. Twisting wildly, but shooting accurately, Poe managed to blast the whole squadron of TIEs to oblivion. He couldn’t see his fellow squadmates, but he could feel their ships behind his. He wasn’t quite sure how, but it was like a sixth sense that came to him all too naturally on the battlefield, another instinct to follow. Poe, wearing off the adrenaline rush, put his comm system back online. Cheers from Red and Blue Squadrons greeted him as they regrouped. Poe glimpsed red laserfire and the final explosions rocking the Star Destroyer and nodded in approval. His squad had done well. --------------------------------------- General Organa seemed to disagree with Poe’s sentiments. “What were you thinking, leaving your squadmates behind like that?” she demanded. “You broke protocol, turning off your comm system!” “Look, General, I got the job done,” Poe replied, trying to keep his tone even. “No one got hurt, and we blew up a Star Destroyer. I don’t see what the problem is!” “And that is the problem, Commander,” Leia retorted. She sighed. “I don’t know what’s gotten into you lately.” Poe frowned. “I don’t know -” “Oh, I’m sure you do,” Leia said, crossing her arms. “You’re giving risk a whole new meaning. You throw yourself and your subordinates straight into the face of danger as though you don’t care.” Poe opened his mouth to offer a snarky reply, but Leia cut him off. “Now if it were just you, I wouldn’t mind as much. I trust you, Poe. You’re a good pilot. Scratch that. You’re the best one we’ve got. I can watch you fly right into a squadron of TIEs because I know you’ll make it back out in one piece.” “Thank you, General.” One corner of Poe’s mouth twitched upward in a half-smirk. “But,” Leia continued, her expression stony, “I cannot stand by and let you endanger our two best squadrons.” “Exactly!” Poe interjected. “They’re our best! They’ve worked their way into Red and Blue Squadrons for a reason. We’ve all got jobs to do, General, so let them do theirs.” “Are you trying to argue with me here?” Leia’s voice did not rise, but a hint of anger was evident in her tone. Poe ran a hand through his hair. “No, but I don’t see why you have such a big problem with the mission.Leia, we made it all out okay. We won. ” “Can you guarantee that we’ll always win?” Leia asked softly. “We haven’t lost a fight since I became Commander,” Poe replied honestly. “I’d like to keep my streak going.” “It’s not going to if you keep throwing yourself in the face of danger like that,” Leia said tiredly. “I don’t know how else to make you see this, but I can’t let this continue.” Her light brown eyes met Poe’s caf-dark ones. “Do you understand me?” Poe sighed. He knew a threat when he heard one. “Yes, General.” “Dismissed.” ------------------------------------ Poe dipped the cloth back into the container of polish, soaking it thoroughly before rubbing the liquid over the upper port wing of Black One. Sure, he could have let mechanics or flight engineers do this job, but he liked to take care of his own ship. Besides, he’d made so many modifications that he doubted any ordinary flight hand would be able to handle the distinctive orange and black X-Wing. He’d shed his flight suit in favor of a black short-sleeved shirt and cargo pants with his favorite red-and-tan leather jacket tied around his waist. The front of his pants were dark with grease and filth, but Poe didn’t really care. It felt good to be around his X-Wing, even if he wasn’t actually flying it. BB-8 watched him work with a critical eye. The droid rolled around, occasionally making comments about dents or paint chips. Poe took the droid’s small talk in good stride, pausing every now and then to reply. BB-8 chirped a few times. “Yeah, I see that, Beebee,” Poe answered. “I’m getting to it.” Long whistle and two beeps. “No, I’m fine. Why are you asking?” Whirr, whirr, a series of fast clicks. “Just the usual. Leia telling me to stop being reckless as always.” Poe didn’t look at the droid, just rubbed harder against the shining orange wing. Something didn’t sound quite right, and he pressed his ear to the cool metal. Running his hands over his ship, Poe lightly made his way over to the S-foil and the half-moon engine near the body of the ship. Peering intently into the structure, Poe glimpsed a small piece hanging loose. Hopping off of the wing, Poe jogged to BB-8. “Hey, Beebee, can you get me a C spanner?” The droid complied, one of its circular compartments opening and producing the small device. BB-8 gave a questioning beep, and Poe gave a short laugh. “No, just something loose in the S-foil,” he replied. Taking the spanner in his teeth, Poe used both arms to hoist himself up into the cockpit. He powered up the engines and locked the S-foils in attack position before shutting them back down again. A normal T-70 fighter wouldn’t have been able to assume attack position stably while on land, but then again, Black One was not a normal T-70 fighter. Standing on the edge of the cockpit, Poe took a small leap and nimbly landed on the upper wing. Thank goodness for reinforced titanium. Stepping onto the lower wing as one would the rungs of a ladder, Poe used his elbows to support himself as he worked the spanner around the inside of the S-foil. He hummed quietly as he unlocked the internal gyro from the fuselage, taking the device apart in his nimble fingers and correcting the alignment of one of the pieces. Within a few minutes, Poe had reassembled the gyro and secured it back inside. He locked the S-foils back into resting position and resumed the polishing of his craft. A few hours passed, and Black One had regained her sleek shine. Poe stepped back and admired his work, wiping sweat from his brow. He sighed. Truth be told, he itched to take her out in battle again, but Leia had denied takeoff from any of their hangars. Poe wiped his hands on his pants and gestured to BB-8. The sun was already beginning to set. “Let’s go in, buddy.” Chapter 2 : Chapter II Summary: "Light 'em Up" Fall Out Boy https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7YM9gAVeMs About one standard week had passed since the attack on the Star Destroyer, and, as it turned out, the First Order had gleaned information about the Resistance bases on Hosnian Prime. Poe would be receiving the action he had been looking for. General Organa had issued an evacuation order, with four squadrons of X-Wings to keep the First Order fleet busy while the Resistance soldiers moved out. Naturally, Poe was chosen to lead these squadrons. As he headed out to his ship, Leia caught his arm and pulled him aside. “Remember what I’ve said to you, Commander. Do not endanger anyone on your team needlessly.” Poe inclined his head. “Yes, General.” Leia nodded at him, then moved on, ordering some other officer to help her secure storage units. Poe lightly jogged to Black One and climbed into the cockpit. As he strapped himself in, he heard a series of affirmative beeps from BB-8. Fluent in Binary, he had no need of the translation screen, which gave him less to focus on. He powered the engines, feeling the familiar hum of the controls coming to life under his hands. He switched on the comm systems, hearing the buzz of his squadmates’ chatter. “Alright, boys, let’s light ‘em up!” Poe called, pushing his ship forward and out into the sky. One by one, his squadrons followed him, lining up into a simple arrow formation. Glancing over both shoulders, he added, “Squad leaders, comm in.” “Red Two standing by.” “Blue Two standing by.” “Green Two standing by.” “Gold Two standing by.” “All squads accounted for?” Poe checked. He received affirmative responses and rolled his shoulders. “Let’s go! Green and Gold Squads, break off and flank the TIE line, two and nine o’ clock, seventy degrees. Blue Squad, take the rear, sixty degrees. Red Squad, follow me. We’ll rush the front.” The “copy”s sounded over Poe’s comm and he gunned his engines forward. His eyes narrowed as a wave of TIE fighters swooped into his vision. He lightly pulled the triggers, sending crimson bursts of light into the opposing line. “Red Squad, evasive action as needed!” Poe ordered, dodging the green beams of returning fire. “Copy that, Black Leader!” Poe wasn’t sure exactly who replied, but two X-wings broke from their tight formation on his left side to avoid a burning TIE, shot down by one of Green Squadron. “Blue Squad, push them away from the cities!” Poe ordered, following the trajectory of the TIE’s crash. “Copy, Black Leader,” came Blue Three Jess Pava’s curt reply. Poe sensed the single-file line of blue-striped X-Wings circling back around the TIE lines and forcing their opponents to retreat. Overhead, Gold Squadron was battling a wave of Special Forces TIE Fighters. Outclassing their predecessors in aerodynamics and maneuverability, they were almost a perfect match for the T-70 X-Wings in speed and firepower. Before he knew it, Poe had brought up Black One in a sharp curve, spinning through the SFs. He laughed as the TIEs’ formation scattered like birds on a Naboo lake. Poe whooped in exhilaration and yelled into his commlink, “Shoot ‘em down, boys!” The rest of Red Squadron followed his lead, shooting up and out, spiraling in both directions while Gold Squadron blasted the TIEs to oblivion. “Poe, I’m hit!” The call had come from one of his own Reds, Red Four Mira Shen. Poe’s world slowed, time freezing as the battle raged on around him. Keep going, he told himself. This is war. There are bound to be casualties. Still, it didn’t help the small knot in Poe’s stomach as he felt flames consume Mira’s ship. “Poe, we got a lotta company!” Green Two Cade Delevar said. He suddenly yelled, “Incoming!” Poe’s jaw clenched as he heard the explosion following. “Green Squad, watch for ground fire,” Poe warned. “Gold Squad, cover them!” “Poe!” This time, it was General Organa. “We’re ready to leave the system. Our ships are departing now. Give us some cover, yeah?” “Copy that, General,” Poe answered dutifully. “Alright, guys, you heard the woman! Red and Blue Squads, we’ll escort our ships out. Green and Gold, hold down the fort!” “Copy that, Poe,” his commlink sounded. Poe guided his squadron back towards the Resistance ground base where the met up with Blue Squadron. The airfield was littered with both Resistance and First Order fighter debris. Poe glimpsed the hangar doors opening up, Republican carriers and cargo ships poking their noses out. “Blues Two through Six, cover Docking Bay Four, Seven through Twelve on Three. Reds Six through Ten on Two, and the rest of you with me on One,” Poe ordered. “Get to it!” “Poe, this is insane!” Blue Five Snap Wexley commed in. “There’s only five or six of us per ship. There’s no way we can take on TIE squadrons like this. We’ll be picked off like flies!” “He’s right, Poe,” Blue Four Don Calvinia put in. “We’re stretched too thin.” Poe suppressed a frustrated sigh. “It’s alright, guys. We can do this. Don’t give up yet!” “Alright then, Black Leader.” Poe could almost see Jess shake her head in weary acceptance. “If I die, I’m gonna kill ya.” Poe’s mouth curved upward into a small smile. “Well noted, Blue Three. Come on, guys, let’s move these ships out!” Although his squadmates moved out according to Poe’s orders, he could feel their unease as though it were his own. Their hesitation. Their doubt. Poe shook his head. Focus, Dameron. You’ve got a job to do. All four ships departed from the docking bay at once. The squadrons of TIE’s that had been circling overhead now descended on the seemingly vulnerable cargo ships. The TIE pilots were shooting at easy targets. Poe was determined to change their minds. “Here they come,” Poe remarked. “Fire with extreme prejudice.” Fire with extreme prejudice they did. Poe led his fighters along the side of their massive carrier, relishing the moment. He preferred atmospheric battles like this one. Increased drag and air resistance created a unique turbulence that couldn’t be found in outer space, and Poe liked it. Fighting in an atmosphere was a challenge, and he accepted it easily, his shots fatally accurate. He circled around to the other side of the box-like ship, three red-striped X-Wings following his lead. “Draw their fire away from our ships,” Poe ordered, executing a tight twist under the carrier’s belly. “Copy, Poe.” No sooner had the reply come over Poe’s comm that another explosion followed. Poe took a deep breath. Now he had only himself and two X-Wings against countless TIE’s. “I’m hit! I’m hit!” “ - lost another engine, Poe -” “ Aaargh! ” Poe concentrated on his shots, blasting TIE fighter after TIE fighter. They died so you can live. So live. “Gold Squadron,” he called. “Cargo and carriers in the air. We’re stretched pretty thin, and we need some cover, pronto.” “We’re on our way, Poe,” Gold Leader Laurel Singer replied. Switching channels, Poe commed to Green Squadron. “Get the ships out into space and jump with them. The rest of us’ll meet you at the rendezvous.” “Copy, Black Leader.” Poe rolled his shoulders as the line of green-striped X-Wings soared from the ground to the Resistance carriers. “Red and Blue Squadrons, leave the ships and regroup on me!” Poe steered his ship downward, firing on a new batch of Special Forces TIE fighters as his squadmates lined up behind him. Poe’s heart sank at how much their numbers had diminished. Still, he fought on. He always did. If there was anything besides his prodigious flying skills that singled out Poe Dameron from the rest, it was his inflexible will. Resilience, determination, moving on from loss - it was all a conditioned reflex. Poe was a soldier. He was a pilot. He was a leader. People depended on him to get things done, and he did. Poe relaxed and let adrenaline do its job. He felt the familiar macabre melody of battle wash over him, and he flew to his instincts. No words were needed as he and his X-Wing danced to the erratic rhythm of explosions and laserfire. Three shots, three fighters downed. None too remarkable. For the first time in a long time, Poe felt a twinge of regret. Other human males his age had never seen this kind of action, had never had a reason to coexist with danger and warfare like air and water. They’d never had the weight of a resistance movement on their shoulders, never borne the responsibility of protecting a colleague’s life, never had to move on from countless losses. So why did he have to? As quickly as the thought entered his mind, Poe pushed it away. No. He was doing the right thing. This war wasn’t going to fight itself. Taking to the sky in Black One , firing shots at enemy ships, it all felt so good, so right. There was no reason to doubt his cause. But still he did. “This is Green Seven to Black Leader!” Poe’s comm buzzed. “All ships clear of the system. We’re going to jump now.” “Go ahead!” Poe answered, deftly avoiding an exploding TIE. “Get outta here! Gold Squadron, follow them. Blue and Red, give ‘em hell!” “There’s hardly any of us left, Poe,” Snap said wearily. “Only three left in Gold, and seven Reds and Blues combined.” “We’ll make runs,” Poe decided. “Act like the TIE’s are just oversized, moving practice targets. Once Gold’s clear, we’ll jump, too.” “Copy, Poe,” seven tired voices replied. “We’re almost there,” Poe urged. “We can do it. Don’t give up now.” He led the seven remaining X-Wings in bombing runs against the TIE fighters. The TIE’s may have been created for speed, but they weren’t quite as graceful or versatile as the T-70s. The twisting path Poe took caused several of their pursuers to crash into each other. “Gold Three to Black Leader, we’re out of the system!” “Copy that, Gold Three.” Poe breathed a small sigh of relief. “All right, gang, let’s get out of here.” After one last run, Poe led what was left of his squadrons out of the atmosphere and away from the planet’s gravitational field. And straight into another Star Destroyer. “Stang,” Poe cursed. “Don’t these bastards ever run out of those things?” “Obviously not,” Jess retorted. “Stick close to the ship,” Poe advised. “But stay clear of the cannons. Once we’re clear of the ship, we’ll jump. Set your coordinates now.” “Copy, Black Leader.” “Single file, behind me,” Poe ordered, determined not to lose any more ships. If the First Order wanted to waste anyone else under his command, they’d have to go through him first. “Full power, guys, give it everything you’ve got!” Poe gunned his engines forward, straight under the belly of the massive Star Destroyer. With inhuman speed, he also took out four ion cannons in his way. The silent commlink meant that everyone was okay. Poe was determined to keep it that way. “Still hanging in there, Beebee?” Poe checked. The astromech gave an affirmative beep. “Plug in those coordinates for the rendezvous, buddy. It’s time we left.” Miraculously, all eight X-Wings made it past the Star Destroyer without much interference. Poe supposed that most of their forces were preoccupied with destroying what was left of the Resistance base. “Make the jump on my mark,” Poe said, switching on Black One ’s class 1.0 hyperdrive. “Three . . . two . . . one . . . now!” Stars elongated around him into streaks of light, and Poe gave himself up to the blue tunnels of hyperspace. Chapter 3 : Chapter III Summary: "So Quiet in Here" Van Morrison https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=aGJOVPnLB1o Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) D’Qar was not a metropolitan planet like Hosnian Prime was. In fact, there seemed to be nothing but lush green hills and cloudless blue skies for kilometers. In a way, D’Qar was as close to home as Poe could get. He had been born on Yavin about two years after the Battle of Endor to a Rebel pilot and a Rebel commando. His earliest memories of flying were of sitting in his mother’s lap, his hands over hers, as Shara Bey expertly maneuvered her trusty A-Wing. Poe had inherited both his mother’s love of flying as well as his father’s marksmanship skills. If only they could see him now. After landing Black One at one of the newer airfields, Poe unclasped a small, leather-bound journal from the side of his leg. Few beings in the galaxy still wrote Aurebesh with pen and paper, and Poe just happened to be one of them. He leaned against the body of his ship and began to write names. Mira Shen, Red Four. Cade Delevar, Green Two. Arin Novak, Green Three. Poe knew everyone in the Resistance fleet by name and position, if not personally. They all knew him, so it was worth learning all the names and faces. He took the time to learn alien languages like Sullustan and Wookiee, even if his human vocal cords were incapable of repeating the speech patterns. He was responsible for every pilot under his command, responsible for the lives thrown away by his orders. Leia was wrong. He didn’t endanger his subordinates needlessly. And as for those who died in the air, fighting? The least Poe could do was to remember them. He’d kept his list for about six years now. The first page consisted of a single name, written heavily and clumsily. Poe never flipped to it. For one thing, his penmanship had been absolutely awful at the time. For another . . . Well, it was just easier to leave those memories alone. Brow furrowed in concentration, Poe finished up today’s list. Twenty-eight names. Twenty-eight lives, destroyed. He ran a weary hand through his caf-brown hair and sighed. “Hey, Poe!” Poe hastily put away his journal as Snap came jogging towards him. “Snap,” Poe greeted his friend casually, clasping the larger man’s hand into a half-hug. “Listen, they’re moving stuff into our dorms now,” Snap said hurriedly. “You got anything new you want to move in yours?” “Nah, I’m good,” Poe smiled. “You?” “You know me, same ol’, same ol’,” Snap replied good-naturedly. “They’re gonna have a helluva time trying to put anything in your room anyway, all those books of yours. I bet once you retire, you could open up a doc shop.” Poe laughed. “And what exactly makes me the doc-keeping type to you?” Snap shrugged. “I actually have a hard time even imagining you retiring, so I dunno, maybe.” “Suppose the day comes that Blackie becomes an antique,” Poe suggested. “Maybe we’ll live long enough to see it happen.” Snap threw an arm around Poe’s shoulders. “I could go for a few drinks, Commander, whaddaya say?” Poe grinned. “You’re buying, Captain.” --------------------------------------- After a few rounds of Hutt’s Delight at one of the local cantinas, it was safe to say that Snap Wexley was very drunk. Poe had no idea exactly how much alcohol his friend had consumed. Snap was the type who got drunk rather easily, so you could never really tell the difference between two and twenty shots. “Okay, buddy, let’s go,” Poe said, hoisting Snap to his feet. “Po-oe,” Snap slurred. “ ‘M still drinkin’.” He held up an empty shot glass. “Uh-huh,” Poe said tonelessly. “Snap, you are super drunk. Let’s go.” It was a bit of a tradition for them. After a battle with nasty losses, Poe and Snap would find a bar or cantina and down a drink or two (or three or more). Poe had an unusually high tolerance level, so he usually ended up being the designated flier. On very rare occasions, Snap would hold himself back while Poe downed glass after glass, bottle after bottle. Sometimes, it worked. Most of the time, it didn’t. Alcohol just didn’t have the same effects as adrenaline. Poe finally convinced Snap to get in the passenger seat of his classic X-34 landspeeder. The speeder was pretty old, an antique that had obviously seen better days. Poe had bought it from a junkyard a few kilometers south of the D’Qarian base five years ago. Nothing had ever really seemed to happen around D’Qar at the time, so Poe had invested his off-duty hours in a hobby. Then things had picked up, and Poe hadn’t had as much time to visit the surrounding countryside. It was rather nice, Poe thought to himself as he drove, Snap mumbling incoherently beside him. The air felt clean and fresh, carrying with it the natural scent of grass and water. As they neared the base again, nature blended with the home-like smell of machinery and engine fuel to create an aura of security and harmony. Poe half-dragged, half-supported Snap back to the the latter’s room. The pilot’s quarters were like the dormitories they’d had back at the Republic Flight Academy. Snap still affectionately called them dorms. There were two bunks per room, and as D’Qar had just been a remote base until today, Poe and Snap each got a room to themselves. There were two floors, the second for the women, the first for the men. Poe managed to get Snap into bed, where he lay, snoring softly. Poe exhaled and pulled up a chair, leafing through one of Snap’s long classic novels. He’d never been too much into fiction. He preferred more informative texts. Poe and Snap had been friends ever since Poe joined the Resistance. Though they had different tastes in music, literature, and food, they bonded, strangely enough, at the shooting range. Snap didn’t look it much, but he could take apart and reassemble an E-11 Sterling blaster in less than thirty seconds. As for Poe, well, he was more ship-smart. Poe had never told Snap about his journal, only that he could write somewhat legibly. Some things, one just had to keep to oneself. After debating internally with himself, Poe helped a half-conscious Snap Wexley undress and change into his civvies. Poe made sure Snap was soundly asleep before leaving and making his way to his own room at the end of the hall. Where most people’s walls were grey and bare, Poe’s were covered in detailed sketches and cross-sections of numerous ships, from fighters to cruisers. Poe may not have been very good at writing, but he was unmatched in his artistic skills. He glanced over the few sketches he had of Special Forces TIE fighters before crashing into his bunk. Poe lazily undid his vest and loosened the collar of his orange flight suit. Reaching for his datapad, he found a pair of headphones and plugged them in. Putting them comfortably over his ears, he turned on Garrich Warden’s Ride of the Nightsisters. He closed his eyes as the dark, rich tones of the horns rose over the thin accompaniment of the strings. Poe wasn’t sure why, but today’s battle just seemed different. He felt more distracted, as though there was some kind of tiny nagging voice in the back of his mind. His shooting had been erratic, finding accuracy by luck more than mental calculation. He couldn’t quite place it, but something was wrong. Something was missing. What was it? --------------------------------------- General Organa summoned Poe a few hours later. He took the time to change his clothes and look somewhat more presentable before making his way down to her office. “General,” Poe said, by way of greeting. “Commander,” Leia replied. She walked behind him and closed the door. “I need to talk to you. Privately.” A feeling of unease stirred in Poe’s stomach. “I’m here.” “I can see that.” Leia nodded. “Have a seat.” Poe complied, sitting down in one of the soft green chairs facing Leia’s control panel. “So what exactly is this about?” “Am I correct in assuming you have heard of Lor San Tekka?” Leia asked. Poe nodded. “He was a big deal in the Rebellion, wasn’t he?” Leia inclined her head by way of affirmation. “He’s an old friend who has found something that may help us in our fight against the First Order.” Poe leaned forward. “What is it?” Leia sighed. “Ever since my brother disappeared, people have been trying to find him. No one has been successful yet. But Lor San Tekka . . . he has found a piece of the map that will lead us to Luke Skywalker.” “Luke Skywalker?!” Poe exclaimed, incredulous. “Like, the Jedi Luke Skywalker?” Leia nodded. “The one and only.” Poe shook his head. “No way.” Leia frowned. “What’s the matter?” “If Luke doesn’t want to be found, why should we go looking for him?” Poe asked, resigned. “What good can one man do against the First Order, anyway?” “He did great good against the Empire,” Leia countered. “Luke is a Jedi. He is a warrior. It will do us good to have him on our side.” Poe opened his mouth to object, but the look on Leia’s face discouraged him to continue. “I need you to retrieve the map for me, Poe.” She handed him a datacard, which he accepted hesitantly. “Lor San Tekka is in a small village on the planet Jakku. You’ve been there before, but extra information and coordinates are on this card.” Poe shook his head. “Leia, I -” “I know how you feel about Luke,” Leia said softly. “But if we are to stand a better chance against the First Order, then we must find him.” Leia’s eyes sparked with something - hope? Sympathy? Poe wasn’t sure. “You don’t know a thing about me,” he retorted. “Poe,” Leia said firmly. “You saw how the First Order crushed our forces today. Luke can help us change that. You’re the best pilot I have. If you don’t succeed, then no one can. The First Order will surely be on their way to find this map as well. We must get there first. Look, I’m not asking you to have faith in Luke Skywalker. That’s my job. All I’m asking is for you to have faith in me.” Leia stood, all the power and dignity of her rank drawn about her. “So I’ll ask you again. Will you go to Jakku?” After a long while, Poe nodded. “I will.” Notes: Garrich Warden's "Ride of the Nightsisters" based on Richard Wagner's "Ride of the Valkyries" New chapter up next Thursday! Chapter 4 : Chapter IV Summary: "Sole Survivor" Asia https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ORphKZpHe1s Tuanul was not a remarkable village by any means. It was small and cozy, and everybody seemed to know everybody else as well as their roles in the society. The villages were friendly and welcoming, even though none of them knew Poe’s true reason of visiting. To avoid conspicuousness, Poe had traded in the Black One for an ordinary blue T-70. He’d also run a complicated sublight course from one side of the galaxy to the other to deter detection. In short, he was tired and ready to go home. Poe wasn’t about to show any sign of fatigue in front of Lor San Tekka, however. In a way, Tekka was as much a legendary figure as Luke Skywalker himself. Unlike Skywalker, though, Tekka was very real and very human. Although he appeared very stern and physically fit, Tekka radiated an aura of tranquility and comfort. One could almost immediately relax in his presence, provided they bore him no ill will. Though Poe’s time with the older man had been brief thus far, he found that he respected and actually liked Tekka. As he sat in the warmth of Tekka’s hut, Poe felt a strange sense of deja vu, as though he’d been here before. Perhaps it was just the similarities to his old home on Yavin, or that Tekka himself reminded Poe of his own late father. Coming close, Tekka placed a small drawstring leather pouch in Poe’s calloused palm, his own worn and gentle hand lingering over both. Tekka smiled softly and inclined his head. Lor San Tekka paused, sighing. “This . . . this will begin to make things right.” Tekka squeezed Poe’s hand once and withdrew his hand. Poe’s fingers tightened around the leather bag. He shook his head in wonder, staring at the older man in reverence and awe. “I have traveled too far and seen too much to ignore the despair in the galaxy,” Tekka said, shrugging. “Without the Jedi, there can be no balance to the Force.” Poe met Tekka’s serious gaze. “Well, because of you, now we have a chance.” He smiled. Though he would have liked to discuss such a topic with the sage, now was not the time for casual philosophical conversation. “The general’s been after this for a long time.” Tekka smiled, an old man’s smile, reminiscent and full of meaning. “The general? To me, she’s royalty.” Poe inclined his head. “Well, she certainly is that.” He might have continued, had BB-8 not suddenly rolled into the hut, barely braking in time to avoid the two men. The small astromech looked from one to the other, bursting into a long stream of electronic chatter. Poe exchanged a quick glance with Tekka. “We’ve got company.” Poe’s quadnocs were in his hands and he raised them to his eyes even before he stopped running. Some villager shouted something in their native tongue as he pointed the box-like device towards the general section of sky indicated by BB-8. Letting the integrated tracker zoom in as needed, Poe glimpsed four ships, their searchlights gleaming evilly. He lowered the quadnocs. He knew what those ships meant. Without turning around, he said to Tekka, “You have to hide.” Tekka didn’t miss a beat. “You have to leave.” Warning bells and more shouting echoed throughout Tuanul. Poe turned around, disbelieving of Tekka’s statement. He couldn’t just leave the old man here. He hesitated, searching in his mind for a proper argument that would convince the jaded warrior to seek refuge. “Go.” Tekka’s voice was insistent and urging. After another moment of hesitation, Poe nodded slightly and gestured for BB-8 to follow him. He raced toward the far end of the village, the chilled desert air filling his lungs. Laserfire and enraged shouting rose around him in the cacophony of war. All around him, stern-faced villagers and white-helmeted stormtroopers fought blaster-to-blaster. How the alarm had been raised so quickly or how such seemingly simple folk came in possession of so many modern weapons, Poe did not know. Perhaps those questions would be answered at a later time. Poe’s T-70 was parked some distance from Tuanul as well as hidden underneath a high rock outcropping. Regardless of who could and couldn’t see it with the naked eye, nature could do little to protect it the ship from more sophisticated search gear. He needed to get out of the atmosphere and into hyperspace, and fast. Poe jumped into the cockpit in one fluid motion and activated the magnet that would bring BB-8 into the astromech socket. The droid chirped agitatedly as Poe put his borrowed blue-and-white helmet over his head and hurriedly activated the controls. “Come on, come on,” he muttered as the instrumentation flared to life. Adrenaline was pumping through his veins, but something was off. His heart was pounding, not in exhilaration, but in - fear? No, no. Poe couldn’t be afraid. He’d dealt with the First Order countless times and never felt fear. Why should he now? But you always had a ship to protect you, said a small voice in the back of his mind. Poe’s hands were visibly trembling. Why were they trembling? He had a ship. He had a blaster in the storage compartment. He had BB-8. He had the map. What was wrong with him? A stream of electronic anxiety burst through Poe’s thoughts, and he snapped back to reality. He was a commander in the Resistance! He’d been told countless times that he was the best pilot in the whole fleet! There was no reason for First Order soldiers to scare him. “We’re going, Beebee-Ate, we’re going!” Poe yelled, punching another control. He took a deep breath. Roll clear of the overhang and punch it. Poe was just a second away from doing so when his ship was hit. “What the -” Poe involuntarily jumped slightly. A pair of stormtroopers had come up on him unseen. Evidently, those bucketheads were too smart to rely on a simple frontal attack. Perhaps they were part of a preceding suit drop. Maybe they had taken a vehicle to circle around the back of the village. Poe shook his head. If any of their shots had connected with the cockpit, their origin wouldn’t have mattered. On the other hand, the troopers’ line of approach put them right in the path of the X-Wing’s weapons. Before they could move, Poe hit the control that deployed the drop-down pivoting gun from the T-70’s belly and fired. The blasts cleared the ground of the enemy soldiers and any other living thing that happened to be in the immediate vicinity. Poe exhaled. Having dealt with the momentary interruption, he could focus on his ship again. “Come on, girl, come on,” he urged as the screens in front of him beeped and flared. A high-pitched whine rose from the rear of the ship. Shuddering slightly, it started to move out from under the rocky overhang. Poe flinched reflexively. Shuddering? The X-Wing came to a halt, but the whine did not. It must have been those bucketheads, screwing up the engines. Poe quickly shut off the power to prevent any further damage to the engines, popping open the canopy and climbing out. Jogging to the back of the ship, he stared, slack-jawed, at the damage. The two stormtroopers might not have been tactically wise, but they sure knew their way around a blaster. BB-8 rolled up beside him. After exchanging a quick glance with the droid, Poe knelt down and removed the pouch Tekka had given him from the interior of his jacket. He shook said pouch until it released its contents - a sliver of seemingly useless metal no more than eight centimeters in length, After fumbling with the astromech’s exterior for a moment, Poe inserted the artifact in one of BB-8’s circular compartments. “Take this,” Poe said as the compartment closed again. “It’s safer with you than it is with me.” He stood and grabbed his blaster rifle. “Get as far away from here as you can. I’ll come back for you.” The droid hesitated, and Poe added an extra note of urgency in his voice as he repeated, “I’ll come back for you, Beebee-Ate.” Poe shouldered his rifle, draping the sling around his arm. He didn’t look back at the orange-and-white astromech. He just ran on. Poe fired as he ran, his shots fatally accurate. Three shots, three troopers down. Poe had never really paid much attention to whatever he shot at, be it in the air or on the ground, but after an initial first glance, Poe found that he couldn’t look away from the third trooper. One of the trooper’s comrades had rushed to his side, in what looked like a final, desperate attempt at medical aid. Poe watched as the dying trooper raised a hand shakily, smearing the newcomer’s helmet with four streaks of blood. The newcomer stumbled backwards, his weapon hanging from his side - unfired. Something stirred in Poe’s gut. Something about the second trooper. He couldn’t quite place it, but something felt so wrong . He lowered his rifle and moved on. By this time, Poe had entered the village, cautiously keeping to whatever cover was available and avoiding the burning buildings. He shot down another two stormtroopers, but he couldn’t quite get the blood-marked stormtrooper out of his mind. Poe looked around for Lor San Tekka - and found the older man locked in confrontation with a taller, hooded figure. Tekka was saying something. Poe was no expert at lip-reading, and he strained to hear the conversation without exposing himself to the nearby troopers. He could only look on helplessly. He didn’t catch what the hooded figure said next, nor what Tekka’s response was. From his vantage point, Poe could analyze the movements and gestures of both men to discern what they were discussing - the map. It was obvious that Tekka was not going to give up the map’s location. It also seemed that the in-depth discussion about the details of the Force would never happen, either. “No, no, no . . .” Poe muttered under his breath. Disregarding his own safety, he broke from cover and started towards the pair. He heard the last part of Tekka’s last sentence: “You cannot deny the truth that is your family.” Poe didn’t have time to ponder what Tekka meant by that; he flinched at the sight of a lightsaber appearing in the hooded figure’s hand and activating, a barely stable shaft notorious for two smaller projections at the hilt. Poe knew that lightsaber and the man it belonged to. He knew from his years of flying and reconnaissance exactly whose lightsaber now ripped through Lor San Tekka. “You're so right,” snarled Kylo Ren. Chapter 5 : Chapter V Summary: "Keep Me Breathing" Ashes Remain https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=arderic0o4g Notes: Happy Revenge of the Fifth, guys! (and though it may be late, May the Fourth be with you all!) “No!” Poe yelled, angrily taking aim and firing. The blue blast would have found its mark had Ren not whirled around, raising a gloved hand sharply. The blast from Poe’s weapon froze in midair, quivering slightly, and Poe found that he could not move. Come on, come on, he thought. His heart threatened to beat right out of his chest and his lungs heaved to keep up, but his voluntary muscles refused to respond. A pair of stormtroopers grabbed him and dragged him forward until he knelt before the sinister Kylo Ren. Though fear flooded him, Poe did his best to keep calm as Ren lowered himself to meet Poe’s gaze. “So who talks first?” Poe asked, after an awkwardly silent moment. “Do you talk first? Do I talk first?” Numbness slowly faded from his arms and legs as Ren studied him. “A Resistance pilot, by the looks of him.” Ren’s voice was deep and curt. Poe couldn’t shake the pure wrongness of it, as though something dark within were being held back by a mere thread. Ren continued, “Search him.” Poe tried to swallow down his fear and rambled on. “You know, it’s kind of hard to understand you with that whole - apparatus . . . thing. . .” He gestured at Kylo Ren’s mask helplessly. One of the troopers that had brought Poe forward now hoisted him roughly to his feet and commenced a detailed, although none too gentle, pat-down. The other trooper pulled a small device from his utility belt and slowly passed it the length of Poe’s body, starting at his head and ending at his feet. Neither examination took long. “Nothing,” declared the first stormtrooper. The other trooper gestured with his device. “Same here, sir. Internally, this one’s clean. Terminate him?” During the brief moment that followed, Poe could have sworn he saw a small movement, Ren’s head tilting ever so slightly. Poe kept his gaze locked on Ren’s mask, defiance burning in his dark eyes. “Keep him,” Ren decided. “Intact and functioning.” Ren moved on as if Poe were only a mere distraction. The pair of stormtroopers fastened stun cuffs on his wrists and roughly led him to the troop transport, where he was locked in a small holding cell. The cell couldn’t have been more than one or two square meters. It was devoid of color, designed for prisoners like him, not for high-class passengers. That’s what he was now, Poe reflected. A prisoner. All these years, he’d sworn that the First Order would never catch him, and yet, here he was. There would be no rescue for him. No Resistance search party would come looking for him. Poe was on his own. This had been his mission, and he’d failed. Poe leaned, slumped, against the wall of the cell. What had he been thinking, taking that shot at Kylo Ren? He’d known who Ren was, and yet, he’d allowed himself to be seen and captured, his mission jeopardized. No. BB-8 was still out there. While BB-8 was still free, there was hope. Poe would never give up the droid’s location. Hell, he barely knew where the astromech was headed himself. BB-8 was both intelligent and feisty. He’d find a way to get offworld. Even if Poe died here, there was still a chance that BB-8 would be able to bring the map back to Leia. Poe shook his head. What was he thinking? He’d read about Jakku multiple times. The sands were dangerous, crawling with traders and scavengers. Even if the harsh environment didn’t swallow the droid, he was still nothing more than a small fortune, a prize to pick apart. Who wouldn’t want to get their hands on a well-functioning droid in these wastelands? Poe’s thoughts were interrupted by the sound of several footsteps. Involuntarily, he froze before remembering that the stormtroopers already knew he was here. The transport hummed to life, and Poe felt odd that he was not the one in control of the ship. It was not often that Poe was a passenger, and for good reason. Poe was fairly certain that he could fly the transport if he had a chance. He’d memorized several First Order technical manuals by heart and drawn cross-sections of every salvaged ship he’d ever come across. Ha. Wishful thinking. The trip between Jakku and the Resurgent- class Star Destroyer Poe would later learn was called the Finalizer was a short one. In about six minutes, Poe found himself again restrained by two stormtroopers. Were they enjoying themselves or just impatient to move on? Poe was chivvied along with what he considered to be unnecessary roughness. He might have made some sort of witty remark about it had he not realized with a jolt exactly how helpless he was. Everything up until this point had almost seemed like a dream. The battle, if one could even call it that, at Tuanul, Lor San Tekka’s death, capture and confrontation with Kylo Ren. None of it had seemed real. The spotlessly clean floor and walls of the Star Destroyer? The troopers that patrolled in twos and threes down the corridors? Service droids that crawled around under the watchful eye of uniformed officers? This was all too real. The holding cell where Poe was taken had no bars. In fact, there didn’t even seem to be a door. It’s not needed, Poe thought grimly. Even if I could escape, there’s nowhere I can go. Poe hardly paid attention as he was shackled tightly to a metal slab that seemed to be part char, part table. He knew he should have been flattered. The First Order was taking no chances with him. Honestly? Poe was a little scared. He knew he probably wasn’t going to make it out of this one in one piece, and, for the first time, that scared him. His escort left him there for a few moments before a pair of interrogators entered the cell. They wore solid black uniforms with First Order insignias painted in the center of their shiny black masks and red stripes down sleek armor. Poe would have guessed that the armor’s designs were Mandalorian-based, made to instill fear and sinisterness. He breathed deeply as he saw the various devices on a cart one pushed. Poe braced himself for whatever they had in store for him. Along with a high alcohol tolerance, he had a high pain tolerance. You’ll make it through, Dameron. “Alright, we can do this the easy way or we can do this the hard way,” one of the interrogators said threateningly, leaning in close to Poe’s face. “Which do you prefer?” Poe said nothing, just spat at the officer’s mask. Goaded, the officer punched him a few times in the stomach and across the face. The red-and-black armor over the officer’s fist had been sharpened to a degree that it left a cut on Poe’s cheek. “Are you with the Resistance?” “Whaddaya think?” Poe retorted defiantly, earning another blow across the face. “Are you with the Resistance?” the interrogator repeated. “I heard you the first time,” Poe replied snarkily. “And?” the officer pressed. “I’m thinking about it.” The officer unclipped a stun baton from his belt and slammed it into Poe’s side. There was no shock, but the multiple blows knocked the breath out of him. Poe bit his lip to keep from making any kind of derogatory sound. “Think faster,” the officer snarled. “Are you with the Resistance or not?” “I’m in this cell with you, and buddy, you don’t look like Resistance to me,” Poe quipped. The baton came down on him again, and with it this time a small shock that left him winded. “Are you with the Resistance, or aren’t you?” “Figure it out yourself,” Poe rasped. A second later, he added, “You bastard.” Poe’s jaw clenched as he was shocked again, a thin cry rising up from his throat. The officer’s gloved hand closed around his neck as the other punched him repeatedly in the chest and stomach. Poe’s eyes widened as he gasped and coughed for air. He tried to thrash free from the chokehold, but his restraints immobilized him. The first officer released his grip on Poe’s neck, and Poe’s head dropped, his breathing desperate and ragged. The dark-clad officer grabbed a handful of Poe’s hair and lifted his head up again. “I’ll ask you one last time,” the officer said darkly. “Are you with the Resistance?” “The last time?” Poe snickered. “Good. Maybe now you’ll stop bugging me.” The baton fell on the side of his head, and Poe felt something pop in his neck. The blows came again and again, alternating between his head and his torso. Poe would have sunk into unconsciousness were it not for the entry of some unknown fluid into his bloodstream. Whether the drug was designed to keep him awake or deliver pain, Poe wasn’t sure, since it excelled at both. He winced as his frantic heartbeat pumped it all over his body, and he tried to slow his breathing. “All right then, hotshot,” the first officer said. Was he smirking underneath the mask? It was impossible to tell. “We’ll play your way. What’s your name?” “What’s yours?” Poe countered. He then made a suggestion that would not have been repeatable on a number of civilized worlds, and received a long shock for it. “Enough with the idle banter,” the officer snarled as Poe recovered. He still somehow found his wits. “Look, pal, I don’t know anything about a bantha. So how about we call it a day?” The interrogator unshackled Poe’s left arm and held it out by the wrist. In two quick movements, he’d dislocated and relocated Poe’s shoulder. No permanent damage, but a lot of pain. Poe wanted to pass out again, but the second officer administered another dose of the pain drug. Poe gave a ragged shout as his arm was uncomfortably bound again. “I can do the same to the other one,” the first interrogator threatened. “Only, I won’t put it back for you. How about some broken ribs? Sound good to you?” “Long as you cover ‘em in barbecue sauce.” Poe shook his head the best he could. “I don’t do plain.” True to his word, the officer unshackled Poe’s other arm and snapped his shoulder out of place. He held Poe’s arm out at an awkwardly painful angle as the second officer beat the sensitive joint with the stun baton over and over again. Poe struggled to shut out the pain, his face contorted into an expression of pure agony. He clenched his jaw to avoid screaming, but cries rose up from the back of his throat. The rest of his body tensed, and he dug his left hand fingernails into his palm. His head snapped backward in response to the pain, and he let out a ragged scream. The first officer rotated Poe’s arm, holding it at various angles, while the other continued to abusively beat it. Poe’s breathing hitched, and he thrashed around. “Learned your lesson?” the second officer snarled, slamming the baton into Poe’s stomach. What little breath remained in Poe rushed out in a small unf. Poe didn’t have the energy to reply. He could barely even move his head. His right arm was released and hung limply at his side. He cried out as the first officer - or was it the second? - relocated his shoulder again. One of the interrogators unshackled Poe completely and threw him down to the shiny black floor. “Your name and affiliation. Right now.” Poe tasted the sour tang of blood in his mouth. “You already know, pal.” The officer leaned down and lifted Poe up the wall by his neck. Fighting for breath, Poe’s hands slapped the armored arm uselessly. “I want to hear you say it,” the officer spat. “You worthless animal.” The officer threw Poe down on the floor again, and Poe cried out as he landed on his beaten arm. He barely had time to recover before he was kicked once, twice, three times, four times, in the stomach. He tried to get onto his hands and knees to stand, but a forceful kick to his chest grounded him again. “Name,” the officer said, striking the side of Poe’s face with the stun baton. “Now.” “Dameron . . .” Poe whispered. Another blow came to his face. “I didn’t hear that.” Poe’s dark eyes reflected the hardened resolve within. “I am Commander Poe Dameron of the Resistance. You’d better remember that name, buckethead.” The first officer made no reply, just left Poe with a long and agonizing shock. As Poe was gasping for breath afterwards, the officer knelt down and said, in a falsely sweet tone, “That wasn’t so hard, now, was it?” Poe only glared at the officer. “We’ve got some more questions for you, Dameron,” the officer continued, “and you’re going to answer them.” “Like hell I will,” Poe retorted, spitting blood in the officer’s face. “We’ll see about that,” the officer responded. He uncoiled a black Mandalorian whip from his belt and cracked it once as the other officer unceremoniously ripped off Poe’s jacket and shirt. “We’ll see.” Chapter 6 : Chapter VI Summary: "Dear Agony" Breaking Benjamin https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KGrM1sh-8pE The hours had been long and excruciating. They’d taken him from room to room, interrogator to interrogator, method to method. Although his body ached for rest, the only reprieve Poe found was in the precious few seconds of unconsciousness. Whether his captors were thorough or merely sadistic, he had no idea. But physical pain was always better than mental pain. Physical wounds healed, given time. Mental wounds did not. Nothing in the world would fix the kind of agony that accompanied emotional trauma. Poe steeled himself with this mantra. The First Order could break his body all they wanted, but they would never reach his mind. Some of the interrogators didn’t even ask him any questions. Poe didn’t waste his breath on them. He fought to conserve what remained of his strength for those who actually wanted something from him. He’d been beaten, shocked, whipped, burned, and waterboarded, but he always refused to answer. Then they’d turned to darker techniques, probing and penetrating behind sealed doors. He’d been hurt and humiliated in the worst ways possible, the promiscuity of their actions showing through the new bruises on his thighs . Poe considered himself lucky to still be in one piece. A small part of him screamed for him to just give up the information the First Order wanted, just so the pain would stop. But he resisted. His father had died battling the First Order. He’d lost so many friends and colleagues to the Order’s evil. And so many more lives depended on him. Poe would never throw away what they meant to him. He fought for a Resistance. What was a revolution without revolutionaries? Poe had fallen into a deep unconsciousness. He welcomed the darkness openly, a release from the heavy hands that relentlessly abused him. Poe briefly wondered if he was dying. If so, this wasn’t so bad. Mom? Dad? . . . Benji? Random pictures flashed across his closed eyes. Memories of a lost childhood, the kind of love that hurt and healed at the same time, dreams of flying, far, far, away, hopes of a future unscarred by war . . . Hope? Ha. Hope didn’t exist here, not in this prison. There was no way out, no help for Poe. He knew this already. He was done for. Alone. Abandoned. Again. The single word jolted Poe into a long, dark tunnel. The blackness was everywhere - a choking, suffocating force that threatened to drown him. This was not the warm, comforting darkness that relieved him of his pain. Poe fought to see, blinking rapidly. He ran blindly, desperately, searching for an exit as the trauma of his torture chased after him - And woke, face-to-face with Kylo Ren. Ren stood about two meters away from him, and Poe came to the grim conclusion that the interrogation was soon drawing to a close. “I had no idea we had the best pilot in the Resistance on board with us.” Poe suppressed a shudder at Ren’s deep, oily voice. Ren took a step toward him. “Comfortable?” Poe gathered his wits about him and gestured as best he could with a shackled hand. “Not really. The accommodations leave something to be desired.” Ren made a noise that might have been one of amusement, had the dark warrior been capable of such an emotion. “I’m impressed. No one has been able to get out of you, what you did with the map.” Poe bit back an angry retort. Don’t let him get to you, Dameron. Instead, he replied tiredly, “Might wanna rethink your technique.” Ren tilted his head ever so slightly, and Poe got the feeling that the First Order commander knew what he was hiding about his ordeal. Poe tried his best to keep his gaze level, even though his heart was racing frantically and his limbs were shaking. Ren stretched out a gloved hand, holding it mere centimeters from Poe’s face. He sensed that this was just the physical manifestation of something bigger, something darker that Ren could summon and bend to his will. Poe was right. A wave of agony flooded through him, and he forced himself not to scream. Poe’s fists clenched and his teeth scraped together as he fought Ren’s probing. “The map,” Ren said impassively. “What did you do with it?” Poe’s breathing hitched unevenly as Ren applied another wave of impossibly painful agony. It’s only in your head, Dameron, he told himself. It’s not real. Poe could scarcely think now as his pain multiplied. Every blow, every invasion, every lash and shock earlier was like the touch of a feather compared to this new hell. His blood was on fire, his bones tearing apart, the very atoms of his being at war with one another. Still, he managed to gasp out, “The Resistance - will not be intimidated - by you.” Ren’s hand tensed, and Poe’s body arched in response. He was slammed against his chair, his head lolling helplessly. The Dark Side of the Force flooded through Poe’s mind, roughly tearing open to the dark warrior. No, no, no . . . Poe fought to imagine walls around his mind, but Ren broke through each one effortlessly, tearing apart Poe’s concentration in his search for information. He screamed and shouted as Ren calmly murmured, “Tell me.” Every second of Poe’s life flashed before him, from childhood through adulthood. He felt so naked, so exposed, as Ren cut through his memories, looking for one in particular. Poe was helpless to stop it. None of his training had prepared him for such an intense and unorthodox method of torture. “I’ll come back for you, Beebee-Ate, I’ll come back!” he heard himself say. “I’ll come back for you, Poe, I promise!” Another voice shouted. “I’m never going to leave you, sweetheart.” “I’ll always be with you.” “I love you - so much -” “This will begin to make things right . . .” “See you on the other side, Poe.” The voices blended, their words mixing until they were no more than a cacophony of terrible wraiths screaming Poe’s name. At first, he could have sworn that he recognized them, but now, he had no idea who was whom. Doubtless, it was another one of Ren’s methods. Poe heard himself screaming with them. He saw himself shamefully yell BB-8’s description as though he were looking in a mirror. Both captor and captive seemed to recoil from Poe’s final answer. Perhaps it was only another one of Ren’s illusions. Poe slumped forward in his seat, the voices still echoing his name. Ren seized Poe’s chin, his cheeks pressed between the dark warrior’s gloved fingers, and lifted his head. “Where is the droid now?” “Jakku . . .” The single-word answer depleted the last of Poe’s strength. “What was that?” Ren snarled, knotting his hand in Poe’s hair. Poe cried out as a sharp pain bolted through his head. “J-Jakku!” “Where on Jakku?” Ren demanded. “I don’t know,” Poe whispered. Ren’s hand flashed out and Poe screamed in agony, the words torn from his throat. “I don’t know! I sent him away! I don’t know where he’s at!” Fresh tears flooded down his cheeks, but he could do nothing to stop them. “I don’t know where the droid is! Please, no more! No more!” He’d never begged for anything in his life, not even today throughout his other interrogation sessions. Poe hated himself for doing so now. He shrank in defeat as Ren released him from the torture. Before he left, Ren leaned in close to Poe’s face so that the cold metal of his mask almost touched Poe’s heated skin. When he spoke, his voice was cold, bearing no trace of the anger present only seconds before. “Pathetic. I would have expected a better fight from you.” Ren scoffed, using the Force to turn Poe’s head to face him. “Where is your ‘Resistance’ now?” Ren spun on his heel and stalked away, leaving Poe in his exhaustion and mental agony. Poe struggled to take a breath, only succeeding in half-hyperventilation. Black spots danced across his vision, and his ears rang with the screaming voices. He could barely even connect two words in a thought. It was some time before the voices faded and he could think somewhat clearly. Where is your ‘Resistance’ now? Ren had taunted. They’re not coming, Poe wanted to answer, even though it would be showing weakness to an enemy. They never will. And now they won’t come for BB-8, either. Poe’s thoughts drifted. Would anyone miss him? Despite his popularity, he hadn’t had many friends beyond other pilots like Snap and Jess. Would Leia miss him? She was almost like a second mother to Poe, though their relationship at work was strictly professional. She was always telling him to keep out of trouble, and yet, he always found himself in some kind of mess. This one was a rather large mess. A thought suddenly occurred to Poe. Leia had warned him that any rash tactics would cost him. His methods at the evacuation of Hosnian Prime were far from well thought-out. Was this her way of reprimanding him? Had Leia wanted it this way? Chapter 7 : Chapter VII Summary: "Dust in the Wind" Kansas https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tH2w6Oxx0kQ Where is your ‘Resistance’ now? Ren’s final words continued to haunt Poe as he sat helplessly in his chair. Not only was he tired, he was also cold and hungry. Poe doubted he would receive any kind of food. More than likely, he would become it, though for what, he couldn’t imagine. Then again, he was not currently in the best state of mind. His head lifted slightly as another stormtrooper entered the holding cell. Maybe they were finally going to end it. Poe could coexist with that. The First Order had already taken so much from him, so it was fitting that they would take his life, too. The trooper’s words to the cell guard seemed to hold something different in store. “Ren wants to see the prisoner.” Poe sagged hopelessly in his seat. What now? There was nothing else he knew that world be of any use to the First Order. As for Resistance ship systems and weapons operations, well, the First Order needn’t worry as longs as they built enough TIE fighters. Perhaps some line of questioning had been overlooked. Perhaps Ren was just sadistic. Without question, Poe’s guard silently unshackled him from the chair. Had said trooper not roughly pushed him up, Poe would have fallen over. His legs shook, and his lungs heaved as he was thrown to the newcomer. He offered no resistance as the second trooper caught him, fastened a pair of stun cuffs on his wrists, and dragged him away by the arm. Poe struggled to keep up with the trooper’s brisk strides, his legs weakened and providing little support. The barrel of the trooper’s weapon jabbed at his side occasionally, driving him forward. Poe briefly considered making a grab for the blaster. He was close enough, he could get the weapon, knock out his escort . . . and then what? Poe’s head hurt to think about the outcome. He had neither the strength nor stupidity to attempt such a feat. “Turn here,” the trooper ordered sharply, prodding Poe’s bruised ribs with the blaster. Poe stumbled as the trooper forced him into a spotlessly empty corridor. Empty? He wasn’t taking me to Ren after all, Poe thought grimly. He’s going to finish me off quietly. Poe exhaled and braced himself as the trooper checked outside for any signs of interruption. Does it hurt when you die? “Listen to me,” the trooper said urgently. “You do as I say, I can get you out of here.” “If . . . what?” Poe’s brow creased and he tilted his head. “Wait, who are you?” Against all odds, the trooper removed his polished white helmet and Poe flinched involuntarily. He relaxed slightly when he saw the face underneath. The trooper couldn’t have been any older than Poe himself, if not a few years younger. He had dark skin and matching eye with close-cropped black hair. What intrigued Poe the most was his expression, a look of genuine concern that one would not associate with a stormtrooper. “Will you just be quiet and listen to me?” the trooper said impatiently. He grabbed Poe’s battered arms almost gently. “This is a rescue . I’m helping you escape. ” Something fluttered in Poe’s stomach as the trooper asked, “Can you fly a TIE fighter?” Maybe, just maybe . . . “Are you with the Resistance?” Poe blurted. Have you come to save me? His hopes were crushed by the trooper’s expression of disbelief. “ What? That’s crazy!” He indicated their surroundings. “How long do you think anyone with Resistance sympathies would last on a ship like this? No, I’m just breaking you out.” The trooper cast a nervous glance down the corridor. “So, can you fly a TIE fighter?” It took Poe a moment to piece together the unnatural event that was taking place now, and he nodded. “I can fly anything, just show it to me. But why are you doing this?” The stormtrooper wouldn’t meet his gaze. “Because it’s the right thing to do.” Poe stared at his unlikely companion, not buying it for a second. “You need a pilot.” “I need a pilot,” the trooper hastily agreed. Poe shrugged painfully and attempted a small grin. “Well, you just got me.” The trooper’s face broke into a smile, something that Poe would never have believed had he not just borne witness to it. “Yeah?” “Yeah,” Poe insisted. “We can do this just so long as you can get me into something that flies.” The trooper nodded and put his helmet back on. He gestured in the direction they had come. “This way. And don’t look so positive. Optimism doesn’t fit a prisoner’s profile.” Poe obediently bowed his head and adopted as morose an expression as possible. As the exited the narrow corridor, however, a thin smile ghosted his cracked lips. The longer the pair went without interception or questioning, the more Poe dared to hope. He still ached all over, and walking was still difficult, but he had a small feeling that this would work. Just because no one had ever escaped the First Order in a First Order Star Destroyer didn’t mean that Poe and his stormtrooper companion wouldn’t be the first. The very infeasibility of their escape worked in their favor, Poe reflected. Prisoners like him simply did not escape, much less with stormtrooper aid. It did not happen, and therefore, no one expected it. As they entered the hangar, a group of officers approached them. It wasn’t difficult for Poe to act nervous and afraid, his eyes resolutely fixed on the shiny floor below him. Beside him, the trooper nudged him gently with the barrel of his blaster and muttered quietly, “Stay calm. Stay calm.” The officers walked by without so much a second glance. “I am calm,” Poe whispered back. “I was talking to myself.” “Oh, boy.” Poe might have rolled his eyes if not given their current predicament. “Act nervous,” the trooper advised. “As though you’re being sent to your doom.” Another time, another place, Poe might have added a touch of sarcasm as he replied, “Thanks for the tip.” The ship the pair was approaching was a Special Forces TIE fighter. How many of these had Poe shot down in the past? Nevertheless, he found himself drawn to the dark ship, its well-crafted angles giving it a deadly, almost seductive kind of beauty. Poe resisted the urge to whistle in admiration. No one stood near the TIE fighter. Of course not, Poe thought. Who would think to guard a TIE fighter inside of a Star Destroyer? The First Order might have second thoughts once Poe and his companion escaped, however. Escape. The word itself felt bright and joyous, a complete opposite to Poe’s previous ordeal. The fighter’s hatch was open and inviting, and Poe willed himself not to break into a run. He doubted he had the physical capabilities, anyway. The trooper nudged Poe forward after a quick glance around. In the shadow of the TIe fighter, Poe’s restraints were removed, and he rubbed his sore wrists. “You okay?” the trooper whispered. Poe nodded, a newfound sense of determination etched in his face. He climbed into the hatch and settled himself in the pilot’s command chair. He knew from his studies of First Order craft that the Special Forces TIE was meant for two people, a pilot and a gunner. He sure hoped the other guy could shoot. Poe examined the controls before him, slipping out of his bloody jacket. He’d drawn these very controls countless times. Now, he’d actually be able to fly them. He recognized most of the functions and felt sure that he could work around what he didn’t know. A modern fighter like this one would be naturally forgiving, ready to teach even an amateur pilot her secrets. “I’ve always wanted to fly one of these things,” Poe said aloud as he punched instrumentation. “Can you shoot?” “Anything for ground troops, yeah. Like blasters.” Poe could sense the hesitation in the trooper’s voice and tried to project confidence. “Same principle! Only, the results are a lot more expansive. Use the toggle on the left to switch between cannons, missiles, and pulse. There’s instrumentation on the right to aim, and use triggers to fire!” He hoped he hadn’t said anything wrong. He briefly wondered if the trooper wondered how he knew so much about Special Forces TIE fighters. I’ve had plenty of reasons to study these things, Poe thought grimly. After a moment, the trooper’s voice carried back to Poe. “Um, this all looks very complicated, and I’m not sure where to start. Maybe we should wait a moment and let you clarify some things?” Perhaps if they were safely at a Resistance base, Poe might have taken the time to offer professional instruction. But here, just being freed, Poe was not quite in a teaching mood. Besides, he doubted there’d be time. Sooner or later, someone was going to notice the TIE’s engine lights turning on. “Consider this on-the-job training!” Poe replied, a hint of his cocky personality showing again. Leaning over the controls, he whispered softly to the ship, “Don’t let me down, girl.” He persuaded the TIE to life itself from its docked position, shakily at first. As he grew accustomed to the TIE’s responses, Poe began to take it out of preflight maneuvers. Except for the fact that the TIE was still tethered. Poe cursed as he heard the sharp twang of the cable. Why the kriff was it tethered in a kriffing Star Destroyer? He convinced the fighter to take more jerky, erratic movements in an attempt to disconnect himself. He was probably going to have some pretty heavy whiplash before this was all over. Out of the corner of his eye, Poe noticed groups of stormtroopers setting up heavy weaponry around the hangar. “Oh, come on!” Poe cursed in frustration. His jaw clenched as h e braced himself for another abrupt stop. One of the cables snapped free, and Poe allowed himself a moment of self-congratulation before returning to the task at hand. Speaking of which . . . “Hey -” Poe turned as far as he could towards his companion. “Now would be a good time to start shooting.” “I’ll do my best,” came the uncertain reply. “I’m not sure I can -” Evidently, he could, because a massive symphony of blasts erupted from the TIE’s primary arsenal across the hangar. The main control room was destroyed, mobile artillery and troopers obliterated. Other parked TIEs were reduced to fragments of black and silver metal. Poe could have sworn he saw a whole cockpit - no wings - fly across the open space. It was almost funny to think that all the debris and fire were controlled calm only moments ago. Yes! Poe lifted the TIe and spun in exhilaration. The hangar controls had been neutralized by the explosions, and the fighter was now completely his. No operations center or security controls hindered Poe from flying straight out the massive access portal. “Sorry, boys!” the trooper yelled, though he didn’t sound particularly sorry. Poe grinned as they soared out into the black vastness of space. Within seconds, Poe’s mood had gone from fearful to exhilarated. His back and head ached terribly, but his spirit and vigor were completely healed. He was free and he was flying. It was good enough for him. He brought the TIE around in an experimental turn. He shook his head in admiration at the fighter’s response. It was nothing compared to an X-Wing, but as far as starfighter went, the Special Forces TIE was pretty neat. “This thing really moves,” Poe commented. Quickly making a perhaps less than tactical decision, he added, “I’m not going to waste this chance. I owe some people on that ship a little payback.We’ll go back through there, take out as many weapons systems as we can.” Whatever the trooper behind him had expected next, this was not it. “Shouldn’t we jump to lightspeed as soon as possible?” Grim determination took over as Poe flew back towards the Star Destroyer. “Someone on that ship called me the best pilot in the Resistance. I wouldn’t want to disappoint him, now, do I? Don’t you worry, I’ll get us in position. Just follow my lead.” He paused briefly, groping for a better explanation. “How ‘bout this? Every time you see the destroyer, you shoot.” Relaxation crept into the trooper’s tone. “I can do that.” Atta boy, Poe thought. Perhaps, when this was all over and the map was safely with the Resistance, he could teach this renegade trooper how to fly and help him find his space legs. It wasn’t a bad goal. The trooper was obviously a good shot, wasting very few blasts. He much defied the stereotype that all bucketheads were rubbish with blast weapons, Poe thought as he danced underneath the Finalizer ’s belly. Cannons and machinery exploded all around him, and Poe’s heart soared with his starfighter. This was easy, this was fun. And best of all, no one was giving him orders. “Target’s coming up, my right, your left,” Poe noted. “You see it?” A moment’s pause, then, “Yeah, I see it!” A few seconds passed before a whole gun emplacement erupted in a fireball. Debris flew everywhere, and Poe guided them through the destruction, relying on the fighter’s shields to deflect what he could not manually avoid. The trooper let out a whoop that echoed around the cockpit. “ Yes! Did you see that? Did you see that?” Poe couldn’t suppress the grin spreading across his face at the trooper’s elation. “I saw that! See, I toldja you could do it! What’s your name, anyway?” “FN-2187.” Poe frowned. “FN-what?” “That’s the only name they ever gave me.” The longing in the trooper’s voice made Poe feel as if he’d been punched in the gut. Here was another soldier, just like him, but stripped of identity and name. A number didn’t suffice as individuality. Something else lay beneath that damned label, something the First Order couldn’t terminate - something that led him to free and escape with a Resistance pilot. Poe was determined to find it and make sure it never faded. That’s the only name they ever gave me. The trooper’s words implied that there must have been other names given to other soldiers. Nicknames? Titles? It didn’t matter. Poe recognized the trooper’s tone all too easily. You’re an outsider, too. “If that’s the name they gave you, then I ain’t using it,” Poe declared. “‘FN’, huh? Finn. I’ma call you Finn. That alright with you?” “‘Finn’,” the trooper said, testing out the single syllable whose meaningfulness far exceeded its size. “Yeah. ‘Finn’. I like that!” For some reason, Poe couldn’t stop smiling. Was it the way he could feel the stormtrooper’s face light up as Poe gave him the name that no one else would? Or was it Finn’s very presence that told Poe that he didn’t have to be alone anymore? Whatever it was, Poe’s voice was light as he introduced himself. “I’m Poe. Poe Dameron.” “Good to meet you, Poe!” “Good to meet you, Finn!” Perhaps they could have been friends earlier, had they not been on opposite sides of the same war. Something had changed in Poe when Finn had helped him escape. Something had changed him, brought him back from the verge of physical and mental collapse. Poe hadn’t recognized it at first. He’d gone without it for so long, but now he realized what that something was. Hope. Chapter 8 : Chapter VIII Summary: "Unknown Soldier" Breaking Benjamin https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=OeQVzMLx5qA Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe and Finn kept returning to the Star Destroyer, demolishing weapons systems and taunting those inside. Poe was constantly altering his flight path to confuse the automated predictors in the Finalizer's central command while Finn fired blast after blast. Poe felt pretty satisfied with the destruction he and his new friend had wrought. That, and knowing that there wasn't much time before the massive destroyer unleashed the full extent of its power upon the small fighter persuaded Poe to guide the TIE away from the ship. And towards the golden orb of Jakku below. Poe knew that every officer, every gunner, every weapons operator and technician, was waiting for the stolen fighter to escape to lightspeed. No one would expect him to return to the very same planet he'd been taken from. And apparently, neither had Finn. "Wait! Poe - where are you going?!" Poe brought the TIE down into a sharp nose dive as seeker missiles erupted from the Star Destroyer's weapons. He persuaded two to meet each other as he answered, "You mean, where are we going. Back to Jakku, that's where." Poe rocked the fighter crazily, spinning and twisting to avoid the other two missiles. "Back to Jakku?" Finn exclaimed. "Are you crazy? Poe, we gotta get outta this system!" Poe could sympathize with Finn's confusion. Any sane man could see that Poe's plan made no sense. In a way, that was a good thing. Making no sense was the best way to avoid predictability. Also . . . "I gotta get to my droid before the First Order does!" Poe said, by way of explanation. "Your droid ?" Finn spluttered, incredulous. Poe bit back a dry retort. "One of a kind," he said instead. "BB unit. Orange and white. Utterly unique and utterly invaluable." "I don't care what color it is!" Finn shouted. "I don't care if it's capable of invisibility! No droid can be that important!" Brother, wouldn't you be surprised if you knew, Poe thought privately. "This one is, pal." "I don't care how important this droid of yours is, or what you're involved in," Finn retorted. "For you and me, Jakku is another word for death." Poe realized there was no way of convincing Finn to go along with him without telling him the truth. Sure, he was the pilot; he could take them wherever he wanted, but once they landed? If Finn still wanted to argue, Poe would probably be in no condition to fight back. "My droid's got a map that leads to Luke Skywalker." It took Finn a moment to process the full meaning of Poe's words. " Skywalker ?! I never should have rescued -" The rest of his words were lost in an explosion that rocked the fighter and sent it spiraling towards Jakku. Poe was slammed into the instrumentation in front of him, the safety straps cutting into his torso. Dazed, his mind lingered somewhere between consciousness and unconsciousness. Distantly, someone called his name, though their voice was muffled. As though he were underwater, Poe saw, through blurred vision, the blackness of outer space transition into a blindingly blue, cloudless sky. They must be entering Jakku's atmosphere. Stang! Suddenly, Poe was wide-awake. "No, no, no . . ." he muttered, desperately trying to guide the doomed fighter in some kind of landing procedure. Bits of metal and glass were blown off the ship by the atmospheric resistance. "Come on, girl, come on." Instrumentation lights flickered on and off, the nav screens completely useless. Poe coughed as acrid smoke began to fill the cockpit, but he fought to maintain control of the ship. In what might have been a rash and foolish decision, Poe unbuckled his safety straps. Better to be thrown clear from what he knew would be a rough landing than to be choked in the rubble. Besides, sand was soft, wasn't it? It would cushion his fall. At the last possible moment, Poe managed to persuade the fighter up, and it skidded across the sand, bouncing over the dunes. He fought to stay awake as his body was flung around the cockpit, teetering on physical collapse. Finally, the fighter came to a stop, and the hatch door lay skewed open. Sand blew into the cramped space, and Poe's eyes stung with reflexive tears. His head hurt, and his whole body screamed in agony. The tumble has reawakened the aftereffects of the First Order's torture. The back of Poe's shirt felt wet - was it from sweat or blood? I need to get out of here. Poe stumbled out of the fighter. Finn was nowhere to be seen. Perhaps he'd ejected and landed safely on some other stretch of sand. A flash fire raced up his pants leg, and he tried to smother it in the sand. Poe cried out softly in pain, but managed to put the flame out. Poe limped onwards. Turning his face to the sun, he tried to make sense of which way he was going. The blinding light offered no guidance. There were no other landmarks save for the burning TIE behind him. Every direction looked the same. There was nothing to be seen for endless kilometers - nothing besides endless dunes of sand. Poe picked a direction and headed that way. He felt as though he'd been walking for hours, yet the sun's position hadn't seemed to have changed. He briefly took his shirt off to wipe sweat from his face and in hopes of staying cool. The tan cloth came away flecked with red dots, and the heat and sand only made Poe's injuries hurt worse. Shirt on, it was. Poe came to another dune and found that he didn't have the strength to go over it. In a daze, he sank to his knees, first one, then the other. His stomach was painfully empty, his mouth and throat parched. His lungs ached fron the desert air. Poe's eyelids fluttered and his vision blurred. Which way was forward? Why was the sand looming up to meet him . . .? Exhausted, Poe Dameron collapsed in the Jakkunian desert. ----------------------------------------- Poe's sleep was interrupted by nightmares. Kylo Ren was there, every minute of it. He forced Poe to relive their tortured, shared time together on the Finalizer, ripping through Poe's mind again and again. It's just a dream , Poe told himself. It's just a dream. It's not real. Random images flashed across Poe's eyes, images that lingered slightly but quickly faded. Pain lanced through Poe's mind as Ren dragged him through his visions. A group of black-cloaked and masked warriors standing in the rain - the brilliantly deadly arc of a familiar crimson lightsaber - an exploding X-Wing that sent debris flying everywhere - "Poe!" "Poe, where are you?" "Come with me. We can make a future together-" - green - "Don't be afraid - " - so much green - "He needs this - " - rough under his hand - " - come back for you - " Poe's dream suddenly calmed, and his vision became clear as he stood in front of a tree. It radiated a warm, soft aura, although the bark itself looked rough. Poe moved as though he were underwater, reaching for the trunk, when two young boys raced past him. "Beat you to the top!" "Not if I get there first!" The boys climbed up the tree, using the large branches as foot- and handholds. The taller of the two was farther up, his space-black hair waving slowly in an imaginary wind. The other boy struggled to keep up, but they were both smiling and laughing. Poe watched, intrigued, as the boys continued their treetop game. Suddenly, a branch snapped, and the shorter boy fell, swatting at empty air. "Poe!" someone shouted, and then it wasn't the kid falling anymore, but Poe himself. The treetop and the black-haired boy faded from his view as he fell, the latter's face frozen in panic and fear. Both grew smaller and smaller as Poe flailed helplessly at the air around him. He fell into darkness. The other voices and visions returned, and Poe looked around desperately for the boys. "Who are you?" he yelled. Notes: New chapter up on June 16, thank you all for your kudos and comments! Chapter 9 : Chapter IX Summary: "The Miracle (of Joey Ramone)" U2 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JN2RuUcaUkk Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe woke with a jolt. Where am I? He looked around. He appeared to be laying down in a salt flat that wound between towering dunes. Poe briefly wondered why it was dark, then came to the conclusion that it must be night. Pushing himself upward with his hands, Poe winced as a wave of nausea flooded through him. He retched, but his painfully empty stomach offered nothing to vomit. Why am I here? Poe stumbled along, his legs not willing to work properly for some reason. His whole body ached, and his back burned with pain. Why was he hurting? He struggled to remember what had happened to him. Then, the chain of recent events came flooding back to him in a rush. Confrontation in the fires of Jakku. Capture by the faceless soldiers. The crack of the whip. The shock of the baton. And then he'd stolen a ship with . . . "Finn!" Poe yelled, his voice cracking terribly. That was his friend's name, right? "Finn!" Poe turned around a few times, then opted not to do so after the resulting headache. He shivered. If this was a desert, then why was it so cold? Poe's arms felt bare. Where was his flight jacket? Probably still pinned in the TIE fighter he'd somehow managed to land. The details were hazy, but he remembered bits and pieces of the crash. No pun intended. Poe almost laughed out loud, then caught himself. He must be delirious. What was so funny about his current condition? He was exhausted physically, dehydrated, and probably a little shaky mentally, too. More than likely, he'd need a med droid or something to - Med droids. They had those at D'Qar. D'Qar - what was on D'Qar? Who was they? "Come on, Dameron," Poe said aloud. "Think!" Where is your Resistance now? A voice boomed in his mind. That was it. The Resistance. All the pieces came together now. Poe needed to get offworld and reconnect with the Resistance. Once he found the Resistance, he could find BB-8. First things first: a ship. No , Poe thought. More than that, I need water. With morning, Poe only found the inferno of Jakku's relentless sun. The salt flat he'd followed wasn't exactly a road, but it gave him something to walk on that offered easier footing than the shiftig sands on either side. For the most part, Poe was left to his own thoughts. He tried to shut out the inconsistent aching as his father had taught him to. "Pain is just the body's way of telling you something's wrong," Kes Dameron had said. "But if you know nothing's wrong, then you can isolate the pain and carry on." Poe wondered if Finn had ever been taught how to handle pain. He was a stormtrooper, after all, and what Poe'd heard of stormtrooper training had seemed harsh and rigid. Then again, there had been enough room for Finn to defect, so what did that mean? Poe had never really iiven much thought to the people inside the white suits, but now he wondered about them. He also wondered where Finn actually was, if the dark-skinned young man was also lost in the desert like he was. Poe hoped that Finn made it out okay. The realization occurred to him that unless Finn went looking for the Resistance, they'd probably never see each other again. "Why did you defect, Finn?" Poe wondered out loud. "What makes you different from them?" The low whine of a landspeeder interrupted Poe's thoughts. Not even pausing to consider who might be on the speeder, he ran up the nearest dune, yelling and waving his arms wildly. At first, he thought the speeder would just pass him by, if not run him over, but it slowed and eventually halted, angling to the right. The speeder was unlike any Poe had ever seen, flat in the front and bulging at the stern. The speeder's operator, or at least its species, was something Poe was slightly more familiar with. The speeder's operator was a Blarina. Mirrored eyeshades swept across a broad, reptilian face above a short, wide snout. Being about half Poe's height, the Blarina had to lift its scaly head a ways before it grinned, revealing more teeth than could be found in a human mouth. "A bit warm to be walking by oneself in the country, my friend." Poe grunted, suppressing frustration. "It's not by choice, I assure you." "And where, then, have you come from?" the Blarina hissed, scrutinizing Poe with an even wider grin. "Or do you just enjoy Jakku's gentle sunshine?" "Er . . ." Poe thought as quickly as he could. "I'm lost. I hit my head and I'm lost." The Blarina hissed again softly. "And where's your speeder, my friend?" "Same place I am. Lost." "I'm Naka Iit," the Blarina said. "A scavenger of sorts." Looking Poe over once more, he added, "I might just scavenge you." Poe tensed. He had no weapon, and he was in no physical condition to fight. He probably couldn't even offer much resistance, even to a Blarina half his size. He recalled from brief biological studies that Blarinas weren't exceptionally strong, but they were quick. Naka Iit also seemed to be quick-witted. Well, Poe still had some of his wits about him. He spread his hands, trying to stall. "It's said that the Blarina are an exceptionally hospitable people." Naka's grin turned into a frown of astonishment. "You've heard that? That mist be referring to some other Blarina. Certainly doesn't sound like me." So much for that. "You'd be wasting your time on me. I have nothing worth scavenging." Naka raised his eyeshades, revealing gold-hued eyes with slitted pupils. He stared ahrd at Poe. "Then what, exactly, are you doing out in this wasteland, with 'nothing'?" Poe swayed. He was hot, thirsty, hungry, and thoroughly exhausted. He needed to get offworld so he could go home to the Resistance and find BB-8. He was also apparently rather desperate. Otherwise, what he said next might have been quite different. "I just escaped from the First Order by stealing one of their advanced TIE fighters, used it to shoot up one of their Star Destroyers, and crash-landed somewhere near here." The Blarina stared at Poe in disbelief before he started laughing. "I'll wet my zinz if you aren't the most barefaced liar I've encountered in twenty years of scavenging on this sandbox!" He extanded a lightly clothed arm. "Come with me, my friend. The Blarina do say that much good accrues to anyone who helps the mad. Liar or madman, whichever you may be, it amuses me to lend you assistance." Naka lowered his eyeshades and raised his head skywards. "The gods have placed you here to alleviate my boredom. Come." Whatever Naka believed, Poe was content with. "If it's all the same to you," he said, "I'd be more than happy if you could just give me a drink of water." He settled himself into the Blarina-sized passenger seat, his knees tucked against his chest, and accepted a slender metal flask from Naka. Poe hurriedly pressed the flask to his lips, and water - sweet, cool, delicious water - filled his mouth. He closed his eyes in bliss as he swallowed. Though he ached to drink all of the flask's contents, Poe forced himself not to out of politeness. He handed the flask back to Naka. "I need to get offworld as soon as possible." "Of course you do," Naka nodded soothingly. What he said next consisted of many names and places that all seemed to run together. Poe honestly didn't care where the Blarina took him as long as he could get offworld. A gout of sand exploding from a dune on their left interrupted casual conversation. After looking behind them, Naka hissed and accelerated, throwing Poe back in his seat. "What is it?" he asked. Naka glanced grimly at Poe. "Look for yourself." Struggling to turn inthe small space, Poe managed to see another, much larger, speeder giving chase and gaining rapidly. Another shot from it took out a good-sized portion of the sand dune to their right. "Strus clan," Naka said bleakly. "A motley collection of grunts who can't do salvage, repair, trade, lr anything else." The speeder rocked from another near-miss. "So they steal from those who can." Poe shrugged. "They're not very good shots." Naka Iit hissed again. "Idiot madman. If they shoot us, they acquire nothing but garbage. They shoot to disable, not to destroy." Poe glanced behind them again. "They're catching up," he noted. "Can't this thing go any faster?" "I am a salvager, not a podracer!" Naka retorted indignantly. "My craft is built for hauling, not for speed!" Poe paused a moment, an idea taking shape in his mind. "Then let me drive." "What‽" Naka yelled as Poe leaned over for the controls. "Are you insa - no, wait you are! Why should I let you take control of my only real asset?" "Because," Poe said, adrenaline rushing through him and reawakening the Resistance soldier inside, "I am the best pilot you ever met." Notes: New chapter up June 23, thank you all for your kudos and comments! Chapter 10 : Chapter X Summary: "I Lived" OneRepublic https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0rxydSolwU The look on Poe's face, coupled with the incoming speeder behind them, soon persuaded Naka to give in. Man and Blarina switched positions - and Poe slowed the clumsy but sturdy craft. "Giving up already?" Naka said sarcastically. "I could have done that much myself." Poe ignored him. "Indicate that we're going to surrender." He studied the speeder's controls. They weren't too different from his X-34. Driving whatever model this was shouldn't prove too difficult. Naka sighed and muttered to himself. Standing up in the passenger seay, he began making gestures at the Strus clan speeder. No more shots exploded. Well, that was something. Poe watched the larger speeder come up on them through the dusty rearview mirror. He continued to decelerate until he could make out assorted species' faces and appendages in the pursuing craft. When the larger vehicle was as close as he was willing to let it come, Poe tilted the nose of Naka's speeder sharply upward and slammed the accelerator, shooting the smaller craft skyward. One law of physics said that for every action, there would be an equal and opposite reaction. Poe was counting on physics to help them escape the Strus vehicle. The reaction did not let him down. The sudden burst from the speeder caused what seemed like half the dune beneath them to explode upward and back. The sand shower fell immediately on the big speeder behind them. Strus clan members not wearing any sort of facial protection were met with nasty eyefuls and mouthfuls of hot sand. The grit poured reedily into every opening in the speeder. Though the main propulsion system was well-covered. much of the instrumentation and filters were not. Naka's craft soared over the crest of the dune, and Poe's spirits with it. He'd done it. The Strus clan speeder was rendered at least temporarily inoperable, and the hostile beings in it were far behind them now. Poe wasn't exactly happy , but he was satisfied. To say that the Blarina beside him was joyful, however, would be an understatement. Naka let out some sort of cackling hiss. Though the sound was alien to Poe, the glee in Naka's voice was unmistakable. "Oh, what joy! What pleasurable delight!" Naka exclaimed. "To be saved by a madman!" A scaly hand clapped Poe on the shoulder and pointed ahead of them. "Our destination lies that way. I find myself suddenly amenable to letting you drive. Are you really with the Resistance?" "Yes." Naka Iit's voice was full of wonder and awe. The last person who'd asked Poe the same question had looked at him condescension and disgust. Naka shook his head. "Then you are truly crazy." Poe glanced over at his companion. "We of the Resistance prefer the term 'courageous'." "I see little difference." Naka shrugged. "I owe you, my madman friend. Beyond just picking you out of the desert, I owe you most thankfully. I will intercede with Ohn Gos. One way or another, we will get you off Jakku!" "I'm grateful," Poe replied simply. "Grateful! What matters the gratitude of a madman?" The Blarina shot back, smiling as he hissed it. Poe only grinned as he drove forward. ------------------------------------------------------ Blowback Town reminded Poe of the Tatooinian spaceport Mos Eisley, only far less populated. An assortment of alien species, some of which Poe did not know the names for, were well-represented throughout the small town. Naka gestured for Poe to park in front of a dust-colored hovel with a sign hanging over the entrance. Poe could make out a few faded markings on the sign, but they were written in some alien language that he didn't know. After stopping the speeder and powering it down, both man and Blarina hopped out and proceeded to the hovel. Naka rapped his knuckles on the semi-open door. "Ohn? It's me, Naka." Another Blarina, wearing a wide-rimmed hat, poked his head out. "Ah! Naka, my friend, what may I do for you?" "This is my madman friend," Naka said, gesturing to Poe. "He is a most excellent pilot, and he needs to get offworld." "Madman, eh?" Ohn looked Poe up and down. "Do come in, my friend." Poe obliged, ducking his head under the short opening. Ohn's hovel was set up almost like a bar, though it was mostly empty. "Naka Iit claims you are a madman," Ohn noted. "Exactly what have you done to make him believe so?" "I'm a Resistance pilot," Poe explained simply. "I just escaped the First Order by stealing one of their TIE fighters." "And he saved both our lives by shooting a mountain of sand into a Strus clan speeder!" Naka added excitedly. He launched into the story of their evasion of the hostile clan members, and Ohn listened intently. "So where is it you require passage to?" Ohn inquired. Poe thought for a moment. His best bet would be to get back to D'Qar, but that would be a long and complicated trip, and he doubted he had the strength to make it. Perhaps if he could contact the Resistance and request an evac? "Actually, I need to send a transmission first," Poe said. "Do you have a way for me to do that?" Ohn glanced at Naka. "Yes, I do. Come this way." Ohn led Poe to the back of the hovel, past a hallway of what seemed to be empty inn rooms. In a small room at the end of the hallway, an old, Empire-era holo system was set up. "The holocam doesn't work very well, but the audio system is still intact and functioning," Ohn said, flipping a few switches. He handed Poe a headset. "Good luck." Poe slipped on the headset and adjusted the microphone. Plugging in the encryption codes for this machine was almost like driving a Corellian heavy freighter - slow and tedious. Thank goodness he'd been taught how to do it manually. Poe tapped the holocam, despite Ohn's warning. It flickered weakly, and he smacked it with the palm of his hand. He resolved not to use it at the painful jolt up his wrist. Poe started up the recording system. "This is Commander Poe Dameron, callsign Black Leader, authorization codes peth-dora three-one-seven. Hey, guys. I'm alive. I'm okay, I guess. I got away from the First Order and I'm in a place called Blowback Town on Jakku. Requesting some evac here, sending coordinates with this transmission. I'd send you guys a picture, but the holocam on this thing isn't working. See you guys soon - oh, and nobody'd better touch my ship while I'm still gone. That's all for now - Black Leader out." Poe hit the stop button, encrypted the transmission again with the proper coordinates, and sent it out to a secret Resistance line on D'Qar. Now all he could do was wait. Chapter 11 : Chapter XI Summary: "Song for Someone" U2 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wrhXq2YKcNQ Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ohn Gos had let Poe stay in one of his guest rooms, free of charge. It had obviously been a while since any being had been in the room, but it was far better than what the First Order had provided. Poe'd tried to clean his face the best he could, but it was difficult due to substantial swelling on the left side of his face. He'd also received generous amounts of water and a strange assortment of dried meats, but he'd denied most painkillers. He'd had enough drugs to last him a lifetime. Poe paced around his room, anxiously waiting for a reply from the Resistance. Well, he tried to, anyway. His sore legs wouldn't keep up for much longer. Poe walked over to the dusty, cracked mirror that leaned against one wall. For the first time since his interrogation, Poe examined his reflection. Dried blood was still smeared across his forehead and left cheek, his left eye blackened and swollen. A mixture of sweat and blood matted his caf-brown hair, and his lower lip was split. Smaller bruises and cuts danced across his face. Other than that, he looked perfectly fine. After a moment's hesitation, Poe carefully and slowly peeled off his bloodstained shirt, making sure not to strain his arms too much. He suppressed a small cry of pain as he lifted it over his head. Damn. His bare torso looked anything but fine. Burns and lacerations covered his tan skin like some kind of twisted Rorschach test. New scars crisscrossed over old ones, and his ribs were beginning to show from malnutrition. Poe turned to each side, taking in what he could of his back. It didn't look much better. There was hardly any healthy skin to be seen - more shades of red and purple on his back than he could count. Poe analyzed his reflection, trying to relax. Angling his head to one side, he traced the pale, jagged scar that cut across his collarbone. Nothing the First Order had done to him could cover that mark. "Benji . . ." he whispered. "I miss you so much." Poe sat down on the edge of his bed, his shirt clenched in his hands. A lump grew in his throat and his breath hitched. One tear slid out of his eye, then another, then another . . . Poe never cried in front of other people. Hell, he hardly ever cried in private. But even just the thought of Ben could drive Poe nearly mad with grief. Whether it was grief now that crafted the tears, he didn't care. For the first time in a long time, it felt good to cry. It felt peaceful. Poe lifted his head as a quiet knock came on the open door. He quickly wiped away his tears as Ohn Gos cautiously entered the room. "What troubles you, my madman friend?" Ohn asked, tilting his head. "Don't call me that," Poe whispered. "My name is Poe. Poe Dameron." "My apologies," Ohn said. He bowed his head slightly. "Is there any way I can be of assistance to you?" Unless you can change the last six years, then no. Poe merely shook his head and silently put his shirt back on. "You have been through a great deal," Ohn noted. "More so than what these lacerations show." "What makes you say that?" Poe scoffed. "You are young," Ohn began, "but you bear the scars of veteran warriors. Other beings your age cannot even begin to imagine the sort of horrors you have seen on a regular basis. You are strong, no doubt, a fighter. Your mind is determined, yet something weighs you down. Poe, my friend, you may be even the best soldier the Resistance has, but you hide a heavy heart." Ohn paused, then continued, "So I ask you again, what troubles you?" Poe stared at the Blarina. After a moment's silence, he asked quietly, "Is it that obvious?" Ohn chuckled softly. "Only to one who has seen the same thing several times before." He spread his arms. "I am no warrior. I am no pilot, but I am old. I have seen these wastelands wear down on many beings in the same way that the tide of war has worn on you." Poe nodded once. "You know, when I was a kid, I used to think that I'd grow up to be the best pilot in the galaxy, and I could just blow up all the bad guys this universe had to offer." He ran a hand through his hair and cracked a weary smile. "That's not how it works. You can't just blow up all your problems." "You cannot run from them, either," Ohn countered. "I'm not running," Poe argued. "It's just - I - " He groped helplessly for the right thing to say. "It's just that flying is, well, simple. You have an enemy. You take him out. You move on. Like I said, simple." "But not when your enemy is the intangible," Ohn added, a knowing glint in his reptilian eyes. "Not when your enemy is yourself." Poe frowned, tilting his head a fraction. Ohn's words had hit just a little too close to home. "I'm sorry, are you some sort of sage all of a sudden? Think you can just sprout out fortune cracker advice whenever you feel like it?" "Poe -" "You don't know a thing about me," Poe hissed. "I'm just some 'madman' you found in the desert." With that, Poe angrily stormed out of the room and back to the holo station. He slammed random buttons and dials, not caring what came through. No reply from the Resistance, just static through local lines. Poe sighed. He'd apologize to Ohn later. But right now . . . He couldn't even begin to describe the tightness in his chest, the wave of guilt and grief that flooded through him like a Kaminoan hurricane. He put his head in his hands and breathed deeply. Music gradually wove through the static, a single guitarra and a pair of voices: " - ere is a light, You can always see. And there is a world -" "We can always be," Poe whispered in disbelief. It'd been so long since he'd heard this song, "Song for Someone" by some Yavin band called Usk-2. The last time had been . . . . . . with Ben. The last time they'd taken out their guitarras was three days before he'd died. After that, Poe had given up music, given up love, and focused solely on flying. He hadn't even gone to Ben's funeral. He just couldn't. Poe had never loved anyone else as much as he'd loved Ben. Ben had been the reason he'd woken up in the mornings, the fuel to his fire, his very soul. When Ben died, a part of Poe died with him, too. Poe could imagine Ben's voice coming through to him instead of the singer's with almost a bittersweet nostalgia as the song closed. " If there is a kiss I stole from your mouth, And there is a light, Don't let it go out ." "I'm trying, Benji," Poe said, a new lump growing in his throat. "God, I'm trying." His breath hitched slightly as he unexpectedly broke down in breathless tears. "I miss you so much, beautiful, I'm so sorry." Poe rubbed the side of his face with his palm and tried to imagine Ben's response. He'd probably wrap his strong arms around Poe, gently kiss the top of his head, and whisper sweet condolences to him. Then Poe would rest his head against Ben's chest, breathing in time to Ben's steady heartbeat to calm himself down. Poe found himself leaning into an imagjnary daydream and shook his head. Focus, Dameron. Those days are over. Bitterly, Poe switched stations. Notes: New chapter up Thursday July 7; thank you all for your kudos and comments! Chapter 12 : Chapter XII Summary: "Coming Home" Bryan Adams http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/bryanadams/cominghome.html (green—) (so much of it—) (rough—) (rough under his hand—) (it hurts—) (hurts so much—) (his back—) "Poe?" "Benji!" Poe yelled, snapping wide-awake. He hadn't even realized he'd fallen asleep until the staticky voice called his name. "Uh, no," said a familiar pilot's tone. "This is Snap Wexley. What the hell are you - you know, you gave us quite a scare - you scoundrel -" Poe grinned, his dream forgotten. "Good to hear from you, buddy. How are things?" "Not as good without you," Snap replied honestly. "We've had to do some massive recruiting like you wouldn't believe - huh? Yes ma'am, uh, hang on a sec, Poe." There was a brief moment of static, then another voice came through: General Organa. "Poe Dameron, what the kriff were you doing, giving us a scare like that —" A tear of joy leaked out of Poe's eye as he heard Leia reprimand him for his absence. Well, to anyone else, it would have sounded like a reprimand. Poe knew Leia well enough to detect the note of relief hidden under the stern exterior. Not until now had he realized how much he'd missed her. "I missed you too, General." "Scare us like that again, and I may just change my mind about your rank, Commander." Leia'a voice cracked ever so slightly. "Is that clear?" Poe smiled as more tears flowed down his cheeks. He couldn't remember the last tims he'd cried out of sheer happiness. "Yes, ma'am." "I'm sending Captain Wexley and Lieutenant Pava to come get you," Leia said. "They'll be there in a few hours, using one of our Republic shuttles." "See you then," Poe replied. Though he knew Leia couldn't see him, he raised two fingers to his brow in a salute. "Black Leader out." ------------------------------------------------ Poe found Ohn out in the back, working on an X-36 landspeeder. Part of the back paneling had been removed, and Ohn was delicately working a spanner between a thick mess of wires. "Hey, Ohn," Poe said, kneeling down next to the Blarina. "Mind if I join you?" Ohn's face lit up with a smile. "Poe! My friend, of course you may. I apologize for my harsh words —" "Why apologize to me?" Poe protested, picking up another spanner to help rework some loose cables. "I'm the one that should be sorry. I just walked out on you like that." "But you would not have had I not pushed you so," Ohn countered. "For that, I am sorry." Poe held up his hands. "Me too, buddy. Me too." They worked in silence for a while before he added, "Some friends of mine are coming to take me home in a few hours." Ohn nodded. "Back home means back to the Resistance, I presume?" "Yeah," Poe said, rolling his shoulders. He winced slightly as the torn tissue on his back stretched and his sore muscles flexed. "I was wondering if you could take me to the nearest spaceport." "There's not one for kilometers," Ohn said. "Your friends have your planetary coordinates, yes?" At the pilot's nod, he continued, "Then they will just have to land somewhere near here." "Alright, then," Poe said. He ran a hand through his knotted hair. "I bet I have a lot to catch up on." Ohn placed a scaly hand on Poe's forearm. "The best of luck to you as you fight this war." Poe inclined his head. "Thank you, Ohn. For everything." The Blarina stopped fiddling with the mechanics and met Poe's gaze, amber settling on dark brown. "Do not thank me, Poe. Simply remember me. Though you may travel across the galaxy, fighting all sorts of evil and saving all sorts of people, there are unremarkable beings such as myself in unremarkable places such as Jakku." "You're not unremarkable —" Poe began, but a look from Ohn Gos silenced him. "True, I may not be," Ohn continued, "but to many people, you are a hero. You are the face of freedom and justice in this galaxy. You risk your life to protect everyone in it, beings whose suffering you could just turn a blind eye to. You wake up every morning and you fly so that beings like me can continue to live unremarkably. And that, my friend, is truly remarkable." Ohn took Poe's hands in his own, his serene expression so reminiscent of Lor San Tekka. "That is truly remarkable." Poe nodded. "I'll remember that." "Good." Ohn closed his eyes briefly. He glanced skyward, where the shadow of a small New Republic shuttle descended upon them. "Are these your friends?" Poe squinted against the sunlight and waved at the cockpit. He could have sworn someone waved back. "Yeah, I think it is." Ohn squeezed Poe's hands once. "Our paths may yet cross again, Poe Dameron. I shall wait for that day should it come." "I look forward to it," Poe promised. Ohn let go of Poe's hands as the dropship landed a few kilometers away and its doors opened. "Until then, my friend." Poe saluted the Blarina as he headed for the ship that would take him home. Ohn Gos watched the box-like ship fade away into the sky until the light of Jakku's sun swallowed it whole. ------------------------------------------------ Jess was waiting for Poe in the main hold of the ship when he got on board. She gasped slightly when she saw his condition, but quickly hid it. "Poe!" "Hey, Jessie," Poe said, adopting a weary smile. The two of them hugged, and Jess kissed his bruised cheek. "How are things?" "Poe . . ." Jess whispered. "You were gone for so long. Everyone thought you were dead." Poe stepped back and placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder. "Well, I'm not." Jess cracked a grin. "That's right, you'd better not be. No one gets to kill Poe Dameron." The cockpit door slid open as she hugged him again, revealing an ecstatic Snap Wexley. His hair was mussed, and a hint of dark circles crept under his bright brown eyes, as though he hadn't slept in a while. Still, none of that marred the huge grin on his face. "Poe, buddy!" Snap exclaimed, clapping him on the shoulder — — they wrench it out of place — — beat it — — beat him — "Resistance scum!" — someone screams — — hurts so much — — stop — — STOP — "Stop!" Poe shouted, whirling away from his vision. He fell on the floor, landing awkwardly on his side. "Poe?" Some held his hand — " Get up, you filth —" "Hold him down —" "You like it, don't you?" — hands — — hands holding him — — hands everywhere — — touching — — feeling — — and it burns — — please just anything else — — not this — — don't let them hear you beg — — please — — another scream — — please — "You slut —" "Poe? Poe! Look at me. Can you hear me?" Eyes glazed in fear, Poe nodded. "Okay, focus on me, buddy. You'll be okay. Just focus on me." Gradually, Snap's broad face came into Poe's vision, concern etched into those familiar features. Jess knelt behind him, her hand on Poe's. "S-Snap?" Poe whispered, his voice trembling. Snap engulfed him in a hug. "I'm here, buddy. I'm here." For the third time that day, Poe Dameron cried. It wasn't the kind of crying one did when they were simply grieving or joyous. It was the silent kind that accompanied fear and hopelessness, a ragged, raw display of emotion. There was nothing artistic or graceful to his tears this time. They came in short bursts, stealing away his breath the moment he found it again. The beeping of the hyperdrive interrupted the quietude. Jess stood up. "I'll take care of that." Snap nodded, still holding Poe's shaking body. "Hey," he said to Poe. "You still with me?" Poe nodded, his face buried in Snap's jacket. "Hey. Hey, look at me." Slowly, Poe's eyes met Snap's. A small smile touched the latter's lips. "Everything's okay. You're safe now, with me and Jess. You're okay. I'm here. You'll be alright." Snap gently rubbed Poe's sore back comfortingly. "It hurts, Snap," Poe confessed. "It hurts so much." "I know it does," Snap soothed. "In a few minutes, we'll be back home and you'll get better, I promise. You'll be okay, Poe." "But —" Poe stammered. "They —" "Shhh," Snap murmured, turning Poe's face towards him. "They're not here now. Ot's just you, me, and Jess. No one's going to hurt you, Poe, I promise." Poe swallowed. "Thank you, Snap." Snap's smile was warm. "Anytime, Commander." He gestured to a hoverbed alongside the far wall. "Get some rest. I'll be helping Jess land this thing." Snap helped Poe to the hoverbed, where the latter lay down and closed his eyes. Snap brushed some of Poe's hair out of his eyes and studied him briefly. "We're going home, Poe." Chapter 13 : Chapter XIII Summary: "Beautiful Loser" Bob Seger https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=U86kmChYxoY Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Though he'd been offered a hoverbed, Poe resolved to walk to the medbay. Snap accompanied him while Jess went off to inform Leia of his arrival. Many other passing pilots and officers recognized him immediately, giving him hugs and handshakes with "Welcome back!"s and "We missed you!"s. Poe briefly wondered how many of those were genuine. He realized with a jolt that he had no idea how long he'd been gone. Days? Weeks? Months, even? Glancing at the bustling Resistance base around him, he felt a sudden sense of insecurity. If this was his home, why didn't he feel safe here? "This way," Snap gestured, noting his discomfort. "We made a few changes to the medbay, got our hands on some more droids." Poe only nodded as he was led to the main infirmary. From there, a droid took him to a more private screening room. The room itself was rather simple — one hoverbed, vitals screens, a couple of charging stations, and a potted plant in one corner. The juxtaposition of the natural green in the plant's leaves against the barren whiteness of the walls was almost amusing. Poe couldn't quite figure out why, but the thought made him smile. "Please sit," the droid intoned. Poe sat. "Would you like anything to drink, Commander? Water? Caf, perhaps?" Poe shook his head. He suddenly missed BB-8 very, very much. "No, I'm fine, thank you." "Very well then," the droid concluded. "If you don't mind, I will have to cut away your outer garments so I may better assess your injuries." Its upper half tilted slightly, imitating a human gesture of politeness. "Sure," Poe replied. "Go right ahead." He remained perfectly passive as the droid carefully cut away his shirt and pants, leaving him in his basics. He always hated medbay visits, and for good reason, too. Number one, the med droids annoyed the hell out of him. Number two, it always smelled a little too clean, as if they were trying to cover something up. "I recommend immersion in the bacta tank to heal your major injuries and bodily trauma and regular applications of kolto patches for a week after," the droid said. "Please wait a moment while I fetch the necessary anesthetics." "See ya, pal." Poe mock-saluted the med droid once its back was turned. It exited his room, and a moment later, General Organa rushed in. Her normally stiff composure melted away completely once her eyes met Poe's. She slowly walked towards him. Poe stood and smiled apologetically. "Hey, General." "Poe," Leia whispered. "I'm so sorry, my child." She placed her hand over his cut cheek, and he leaned into the coolness of her touch. "I'm so sorry." Poe put his own hand over hers, a wave of nostalgia flooding through him. "It's not your fault, Leia." "I shouldn't have sent you alone," Leia said, her eyes glistening. "You shouldn't have gone by yourself, kriff, what was I thinking ?" "Leia," Poe repeated. "It's not your fault. I'm okay now, Mom." The word had slipped out of his mouth on reflex. He hadn't called Leia Mom since . . . well, since Ben had died. Poe wasn't sure whether or not to apologize once he saw the look on Leia's face. Six years, and no one had ever looked to her as a mother. No one had looked to Poe as a son in that long time, either. Wordlessly, he and Leia hugged, their shared grief hovering unspoken between them. "Don't ever go anywhere alone again," Leia said sternly, stepping back. Poe saluted her as the med droid came back in. "Yes, ma'am." Leia stood on tiptoe and kissed Poe's bloody forehead. "Get better soon, Commander. That's an order." Poe grinned. "Absolutely, General." Leia turned to the droid. "Send for me once he wakes up." "Yes, General," the droid replied dutifully. After a deep breath, Leia exited Poe's room. "Hold out your arm, please," the droid instructed, filling a syringe with a pale bluish fluid. Poe did as he was told, and the droid injected the sedative in him — — needles — — probing— — twisting — — burning — — someone screams again — "Shut up, you filth!" And then he passed out. ------------------------------------------------------------- Poe woke with a start. He didn't remember falling asleep, much less actually being asleep. He frowned. There was something that had flashed before his eyes before he'd woken up, but that something lingered on the outskirts of his memory. Poe sat up, blinking groggily. Spots danced across his vision, but he gradually made sense of where he was. He was in a recovery room, in a white medbay gown, with an IV tube sticking out of his arm. His healed arm. Poe's skin had returned to its normal tan color, barely any trace of the burns and bruises that had marred it before. Gingerly, he pressed his fingers against the newly healed flesh. Nothing. No pain. Looking closer, Poe could see faint scars and patches of darker skin. That was okay. Those would fade with time. Poe inhaled deeply. It felt like forever since he'd had the strength to do so. The air felt good, too - fresh oxygen generated by the natural vegetation around the base, not the manufactured air of a Star Destroyer or the harsh, gritty winds of Jakku. Glancing at the sidetable by his hoverbed, Poe noticed a glass of water and a datacard underneath it. He took both and drank the water greedily. Some of it dribbled onto his shirt, but he didn't care. He closed his eyes in bliss as the cool water flowed down his throat. Poe ran a hand through his hair and opened up the datacard. It was a medical report - his medical report. It turned out to be rather detailed, as well. Poe wasn't even halfway through the first page when he had to stop and close his eyes - — he's thrown down — — there's a snapping noise — — something breaks — "Where is it?" Poe took a deep breath — — hands around his throat — — fights to breathe — — and he's choking — His fingers slipped, and he dropped the glass. Stang. It shattered on the floor, water spilling everywhere. Poe watched it break through glazed eyes, his mind somewhere else altogether — — darkness — — the hood — — ice-cold — — soaking wet — — can't breathe — - someone, please help - "What did you do with it?" The beeping on the heart monitor beside his bed started accelerating. Poe swung his legs over the side of the hoverbed, his fists clenching the sheets - — a shock — — a burn — "Where is it?" — a scream — — a slam — "Where did you put it?" — a snap — — a breath — — a crack — — no — — not again — "Commander?" — he cowers on the ground — — blood pouring down his back — — the officer raises the whip again — — crack — "Where is it?" "Poe?" — he shouts — — he screams — — he wants it to stop — "Someone call a medic! Poe!" — please stop — "Poe, look at me." — no more — "Poe? Poe!" — his mind is torn apart — "Poe, look at me! Poe!" — an unforgiving black mask — "Where is your 'Resistance' now?" Poe's mind snapped back to the present, and his head shot up. His wild eyes met those of Snap Wexley, and he realized with a jolt that his hands were clamped tightly around the other man's wrists. On the verge of hyperventilation, Poe shakily let go of Snap's wrists. He swallowed hard, almost choking. "Poe," Snap repeated. "You with me?" Blinking rapidly, Poe nodded. Snap held up three fingers. "How many?" "Th-three . . ." Poe stammered. He suddenly came to the realization that he was on the ground, and that he had an audience. A small group of younger officers and nurses were huddled by the door, whispering among themselves. Snap noticed Poe staring at them and waved them off. "Med droid and the General're on their way," Snap said quickly. "Let's get you up, 'kay?" "R-Ren," Poe said shakily. He glanced around nervously. "What?" "Kylo Ren." Poe fought to keep his tone steady. "H-he was here." Snap's head tilted ever so slightly. "He's not here now, Poe. You're safe with me. You're gonna be okay, I promise." Poe noticed the tension in Snap's arms as he was pulled to his feet. "Did I hurt you?" "What?" Snap glanced down at his forearms. "Nah. I'm fine. Are you okay?" Poe nodded. "Yeah, I think so." Pain shot through his hand, and he looked down to see a small gash across his palm. He couldn't even begin to deduce where that had come from. Looking around, Poe noticed that the whole room was a mess. The hoverbed was askew, the sheets tangled and hanging off its sides. The sidetable, ironically, was on its side, the datacard nowhere to be seen. A potted plant in the corner lay half-uprooted, two or three of its limbs attached by mere seams of bark. Dirt and leaves were thrown around it. Water and glass shards occupied the area Poe had just gotten up from, and he stared at them in confusion. He blinked. "What happened here?" Snap waved a hand. "Don't you worry about that. We can clean it up later. For now, just get back in bed." Poe sat on the edge of the hoverbed, clutching one of the sheets. He suddenly came to the conclusion that his arms were bare. "Where's my IV?" "You accidentally pulled it out," Snap explained. "While you were . . . you know." He sat next to Poe and gently touched his forearm. "What happened?" "What do you mean?" "What did you see?" Snap asked. "Here, back at the ship? Something's up, and I know it is." Poe shook his head, Ren's dark voice still echoing in his mind. "I don't want to talk about it." "Sure," Snap said warmly. "You take your time. I'll be here if you need me." Poe met Snap's eyes, caf-brown against caf-brown. "Thanks, Snap." "Anytime, buddy." Notes: Hey guys, I'm back in business! I'll try to update as often as I can to make up for all those weeks I was unable to. Thanks for your views, kudos, and comments! :) Snap is the best bro ever. Chapter 14 : Chapter XIV Summary: "Fireflies" Owl City https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psuRGfAaju4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) After being checked and re-checked for what seemed like hours, the medical droid pronounced that Poe "had suffered mental trauma" and would probably recover more smoothly in a quieter, more familiar location. So here he was now, sitting on his bunk in his dorm, Leia sitting across from him. Poe stared at a cross-section of a TIE fighter that seriously needed updating. He contemplated whether to erase and redraw or start over from scratch. Finally, Leia broke the silence. "Poe, what did they do to you?" Poe looked down, his hands fidgeting restlessly. "I don't want to talk about it." "I read your medical report," she said. Poe didn't look up. "Then you know." "No," Leia corrected. Poe glanced over at her as she put her palm on his chest, just over his heart. "I mean, what did they do here ?" Poe didn't answer. Leia paused, then asked softly, "Did you tell them anything?" Poe nodded almost imperceptibly. "I told them about BB-8." He shook his head. "I'm sorry —" "No, don't be," Leia cut him off. "Anyone in your position would have done the same." Poe swallowed. "Kylo Ren." Leia's eyes widened slightly. "What?" "Kylo Ren." Poe blinked hard. "He was there. He got inside my head . . . I dunno how he did it, maybe the Force or something . . . he was there, Leia. It's like . . . like he just ripped my head open trying to find what he was looking for. Leia . . . it hurt so much. I'm sorry. I told that monster, I'm so sorry." A single tear leaked out of his eye, and he brushed it away with his thumb. Leia looked as though she were about to say something, but she didn't. Poe continued shakily, "Everybody else that came through there, I didn't say a word. A lot of them didn't even ask me any questions. Maybe they enjoyed it, I dunno. But the minute Kylo Ren got in my head, I just — I just broke, I guess." Leia reached over and rubbed his shoulder, like she would when Poe was younger. "It's not your fault, Poe. Kylo Ren is, well, he's strong in the Force. He can do things that you and I can't even begin to imagine. It's okay, Poe. No one blames you." Poe nodded bleakly. Quietly, he added, "I miss Ben." Leia seemed taken aback, but then she softened. "I miss him, too. Not a day goes by where I don't think about him." "It's been six years, but sometimes, it still feels like yesterday," Poe confessed. "He should still be here. He should still be alive." Leia nodded knowingly. "I feel that way, too. But we have to keep moving forward. You have to keep moving forward." "I'm trying," Poe replied, resting his forehead on his fists. "It just hurts—" all the time, Leia "—sometimes." "I know," Leia said softly. She glanced at her holowatch and back to Poe. "I've got to go now. Will you be alright?" Poe nodded. He stood with Leia and they shared a brief hug. "Thank you," he whispered.Leia smiled, patted his arm once, and briskly strode out of the room. ---------------------------------------------------------------- Poe had tried to get some sleep, but every time he closed his eyes, the interrogation room flashed across his eyes. So here he was now, carefully sketching a T-70 X-Wing while the Alderaanian band The Midsummer Station playing "Fireflies" over his headphones. One of his favorite songs, one of his favorite bands. Though they'd quit the music industry quite a few years ago, they'd been touring Coruscant when Alderaan had been destroyed. "Fireflies" was the first song recorded after the planet's destruction. Poe wondered how the band must have felt, returning home only to see it gone. Destroyed. Obliterated. The only remnants of Alderaan now were memories. "I'd like to make myself believe That Alderaan turns slowly. It's hard to say I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep 'Cause everything is never as it seems - " No, nothing really ever was as it seemed. The skills that Poe put to use to free himself through flight had now enslaved him to military service. The mission that had seemed so simple - retrieve a map, how hard could that be? - had nearly cost him his life and his sanity. He'd been taught that stormtroopers were cold, faceless killers, yet Finn had been as human as anyone here at the Resistance base. Poe's headphones beeped with an incoming transmission, jolting him from his thoughts. He paused his music, took off his headphones, and turned on his comlink. "General?" "Poe!" Leia's voice was urgent, almost excited. "Get your squadrons assembled and get down to the airfield stat!" "What?" Poe jumped up, startled. "What's going on? Something wrong?" "We've found Beebee-Ate." ------------------------------------------------------------------ It felt so good to be back in his own ship again. No, Poe still didn't have BB-8, but he would soon. Poe closed his eyes briefly as hyperspace swirled around him, breathing in the familiar smells of Black One 's cockpit. The controls melded into his hands seamlessly, and he fit perfectly in the space around him, the hum of the X-Wing's engines flowing through his body. "I missed you too, baby," Poe murmured, settling into his seat. "Black Leader," his comm sounded, "exit hyperspace on your call." "Copy, base," Poe confirmed. He switched lines to his in-flight comm and said, "Red Squad, Blue Squad, on me!" Gently, he eased Black One out of lightspeed, his squadrons following suit. The green-and-white orb that was Takodana loomed into view, and Poe guided his ships down toward the planet's surface. Carefully, they broke the atmosphere and descended through layers of fluffy white clouds. The body of water in which they were projected to land led to the castle of renowned smuggler Maz Kanata. It gave them a path to follow, not too far, but not too close, either. Perfect for an ambush. "Keep low over the water," Poe advised. "Don't let 'em see you until it's too late!" "Roger that, Poe!" Red Six Ello Asty confirmed. "Start opening up those S-foils," Poe said, locking his own into attack position. He breathed deeply as adrenaline took over. "I spy with my little eye First Order bucketheads." Poe's formation kept the X-Wings close together, so that, from a distance, there didn't appear to be very many of them. He almost grinned as his fighters approached the shore and all the stormtroopers on it. Payback time was imminent. "Go straight at 'em," Poe said, steering Black One into a pair of TIE fighters. "Don't let these thugs scare you." "Copy that," Jess replied. "We're with you, Poe!" Snap affirmed. Poe grinned as the three of them took out a small group of stormtroopers. "Forget formation!" he yelled, relishing the familiar heat of battle. "Give 'em hell!" After what he'd been through, Poe was more than happy to fire his laser cannons, taking down a TIE fighter with each blast. Four shots, four fighters. His mind didn't even need to calculate angles and trajectories. Everything flowed so smoothly, so effortlessly. "Toldja to remember my name, didn't I?" Poe whispered, thinking back to the first officer that had beaten him senseless. An almost sick sense of enjoyment flooded through him as he grounded another five TIE's. Poe whooped in exhilaration, adrenaline making him feel high. "Don't get too excited, Black Leader," Snap commented. "Leave some for us to tackle, will ya?" "Copy, Blue Three," Poe grinned, banking sideways in an impossibly tight arc. "All yours." "Good to have you back, Poe." "Good to be home, Snap." Notes: Another chapter complete! Disclaimers: I do not own the song "Fireflies", it belongs to Owl City. The Midsummer Station is the name of one of Owl City's albums, and is not an actual band name. Chapter 15 : Chapter XV Summary: "Fix You" Coldplay https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=aK3TROzVRiE The battle had gone quickly, just as Poe had anticipated. A transmission from Leia said that they had to head home now , that the Hosnian system had just been destroyed by the First Order. Poe had heard stories about the Death Stars. Had the First Order built one? How else could they have wiped out the entire system of the New Republic's capital? A better question: who would fund the Resistance now? Another thing that made Poe a bit anxious: he'd seen the Millennium Falcon at Takodana. In fact, that was the same ship he was escorting to D'Qar right now. Poe knew the Falcon well. He also knew the pilot and co-pilot of the Corellian freighter. Though he liked and respected Han Solo just fine, it had been a while since they'd last seen each other. And they hadn't exactly departed on the best of terms. Poe shook hid head as he approached the airfield. He'd work with that later. Right now, he really needed to get to BB-8. Having landed Black One , Poe sprang open the canopy. Giving the instrumentation a good pat, he climbed out of the cockpit and hopped off the ladder. A mechanic jogged up to him, all curls and smiles. Poe hadn't seen him before; maybe he was a transfer. "Anything I can get for you, Commander?" the mechanic asked brightly. Poe nodded politely as he took off his helmet. "Take this up to my room for me, will ya? Complex A, Room 245." "Yes, sir!" The mechanic saluted him and jogged off, Poe's helmet tucked under his arm. Poe suppressed a smile at the way he'd been addressed as 'sir'. Yep, this one was new to the base. An electronic whistle and an insistent nudge to his leg made Poe look down. "Beebee-Ate, my buddy, it's so good to see you!" He knelt down as the round astromech chattered excitedly, recounting all the adventure he'd seen so far. "Whoa, whoa, whoa, buddy, slow down!" Poe grinned. "Say what now?" A series of fast clicks and beeps. Poe didn't believe what he was hearing. " Finn saved you?" A confirming beep. "Where is he?" BB-8 looked off to the side and gestured with his head. Poe turned to the spot the droid had indicated, and saw him. Finn. Finn's eyes met Poe's, and he started speeding up incredulously. "Poe Dameron? You're alive?!" "Finn, buddy!" Before he knew what he was doing, Poe ran to Finn and wrapped his arms around the dark-skinned man. Finn returned the hug, and they broke apart, each as astounded as the other. "What happened to you?" Finn asked breathlessly. "After the crash?" Poe's reply came out in a rush, his words running together. "Woke up at night, no ship, no you, no nothing." He gestured at BB-8, who had rolled up beside him, looking inquisitively from one man to the other. "Beebee-Ate says you saved him." Finn looked down, embarrassed. "Well, it wasn't just me. I -" " Finn, " Poe interrupted gently. "You completed my mission. You -" He suddenly noticed something about Finn's attire. "You . . . are wearing my jacket?" "Oh, right, sorry," Finn moved to take it off, but Poe stopped him. "No, no, keep it," Poe assured him. "It suits you." It really did. Donning Poe's jacket, Finn looked like a Resistance fighter, the exact opposite of who he'd been trained to become. Coupled with the natural sincerity that graced his features, there was no way anyone could tell he'd ever been a stormtrooper. Unconsciously, Poe bit his lip. "You're a good man, Finn," he said, and he meant it. Before he could elaborate, however, Finn said urgently, "Poe, I need your help." "Anything." "This one girl - a friend of mine - she was taken by Takodana on the First Order," Finn rambled. "I mean, taken by the First Order on Takodana. I saw them. Kylo Ren. He has her, Poe." Poe froze momentarily. "The First Order has him, Poe." "We gotta go rescue him!" "Poe, slow down. We'll get him back. Just don't do anything reckless -" "They're going to kill him if we don't do anything!" "Poe, whatever you're thinking, don't do it -" - an engine revs - - an X-Wing takes flight - - but he's too late - "NO!" "Poe?" Finn's voice jolted Poe back to the present. "Poe, are you okay?" Poe swallowed, shoving the memories to the back of his mind. "Yeah. I'm fine. Come on inside. I'm sure Le - General Organa can help you out." Finn clapped Poe's shoulder. "Thanks, man. I owe you one." Poe laughed. "No, you don't. You freed me, I did you a favor, we're good." "Really?" "Really." Poe nudged Finn towards central command. "So how have you been? Beebee here says you've been escaping rathtars?" Finn shuddered. "If I never see one of those things again, it'll be too soon." He paused, then added quietly, "Did you see when they did it?" "When who did what?" "The First Order." Finn swallowed. "When they fired Starkiller Base." "Starkill - wait, you mean the weapon they used to destroy the Hosnian system?" Poe interjected. Finn nodded. "It's called Starkiller Base. Because that's what it does. When it powers up, it drains -" "You know how it works?" "Of course," Finn replied, looking around nervously. "I was stationed there while they were still building it. Starkiller was General Hux's pride and joy. Everyone talked about it." "This is good, this is good," Poe murmured. Spotting Leia, he held up a hand to get her attention. "General Organa! Sorry to interrupt. This is Finn. He needs to talk to you." Leia shooed away the officers she'd been conversing with. "And I need to talk to him." With a brief glance, she continued, "That was incredibly brave what you did, renouncing the First Order, saving this man's life." Finn dipped his head, almost in a flustered kind of way. "Thank you, ma'am, but a friend of mine was taken prisoner." Leia nodded, her hazel eyes gleaming in sympathy. "Han told me about the girl. I'm so sorry." "Finn's familiar with the weapon that destroyed the Hosnian system," Poe said quickly, eager to change the subject. "He worked at the base." Leia's eyes widened slightly, but she maintained her composure. "We're desperate for anything you can tell us." "That's where my friend was taken." Finn glanced from Poe to Leia. "I've got to get there, fast." "And I will do everything I can to help," Leia promised. "But first, you need to tell us everything you know." Finn nodded. He glanced around. "Do you have something I can type it all out with?" Chapter 16 : Chapter XVI Summary: "Somewhere I Belong" Linkin Park https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_iCtpuQvydk Leia had taken Finn to the intel department, while Poe hung around central. Noticing Snap in one corner, he made his way toward his friend. "Nice flying back there," Snap commented. "Thanks," Poe said brightly. "You, too." Snap nodded and shrugged. "You hanging in there okay?" "Yeah," Poe affirmed. "I guess you could say that." Snap let out a short laugh. He glanced over at the hallway that led to intel. "Well?" "Well what?" "Don't try to deny it, Dameron." Snap shoved Poe playfully. "I saw the way you looked at him." "What, Finn?! " Poe exclaimed. He felt his face go red, his heart thudding faster. "Whoa, whoa, whoa, buddy, you've got it all wrong. Finn's my friend. Hell, I hardly know the guy. He's just the guy that broke me out." " Just the guy who broke you out?" Snap raised a quizzical eyebrow. "Well, excuse me, Commander, but the guy that broke you out is doing one hell of a job as your personal coat rack." "Shut it," Poe muttered. "Relax, Poe," Snap grinned. "I'm messing with you. " He lowered his voice. "Though I'm glad you found a guy who's not embarrassingly taller than you." He suddenly seemed to realize what he'd said, and frantically tried to backtrack. "I'm sorry, Poe, I didn't mean -" "It's fine." Poe waved a nonchalant hand, hoping it didn't look forced. "It's fine," Snap repeated. Poe frowned and tilted his head, but before he could say anything, a younger officer - a corporal - dashed up to them. "Captain, Commander," the corporal said, saluting each of them in turn. She turned to Snap. "General Organa's asking for you." "Me, too?" Poe checked. The corporal shook her head. "Just Captain Wexley. General says she'd like you to take a break, Commander." Snap and Poe shared a shrug before the former also headed down to intel. Poe looked around. Well, he may as well head back to his dorm and take his break. Or he could drive around for a while and just enjoy himself. Poe settled on the latter. He had just entered the airfield when he saw it. Her. The Millennium Falcon. Up close, the freighter was exactly as he remembered her. A bit more beat up, sure, but all in all, the exact same ship. "Yeah, yeah, your arm's fine, you furball!" came a snarky voice Poe hadn't heard in forever. "I was there when she said it was fine, Chewie!" A muffled roar came from inside the Falcon , and Poe hesitantly made his way to the entrance ramp. "Fine, fine, I'll get it myself -" An older man with a dark brown jacket appeared at the top of the ramp. He stopped when his sky-blue eyes met Poe's caf-brown ones. With another questioning roar, a tall Wookiee came into view behind him. Poe felt as though he'd been rooted to the concrete as he stared into the familiar, yet strangely not, faces of Han Solo and Chewbacca. With a soft growl, Chewie pushed past Han and wrapped his furry arms around Poe, squeezing him gently. A few tears leaked out of Poe's eyes as he breathed in the Wookiee's familiar scent - of conifers and engine oil. "I missed you, too, Chewie." The Wookiee rumbled softly as Poe leaned his face into the warm brown fur. Eventually, Chewie let go of Poe and roared for Han to get down here right now. Han took slow steps down the ramp, and Poe found he couldn't quite meet the older man's eyes. "Well, I'll be damned, kid," Han said, looking Poe up and down. "You really do take after your mother." "Yeah, I guess so . . . " "Poe," Han said, in a gentle tone Poe'd never heard him use before. "Kid, there's nothing interesting to see on the ground." "Han, I -" Poe started. "About what happened - I - I'm so sorry -" Unexpectedly, Han pulled Poe into a hug, gently rubbing his back. "It's okay, son," he whispered. "It's alright." Waves of nostalgia flooded through Poe as old memories resurfaced in his mind. Han taking him flying after his father's death. Han showing Poe the ropes of repair and mechanics. Han teaching him small tricks in gambling and sabacc. Han buying Poe and Ben their first cocktails after Poe had graduated the Republic Flight Academy with flying colors. (pun totally intended) Then the years of silence. The years of isolation and solitude. The years of separation. Ben's death had shattered more than just Poe's heart. Their whole family, their whole world had fallen apart, too. But now, Han was here. And that was all that mattered. He slowly let Poe go. "I made my mistakes, too, kiddo. I already lost one of my sons. I'm not about to lose the other." Poe tried to hold back tears and failed. "Sure thing, Captain." One corner of Han's mouth twitched upward. "Cut it out, kid. Apparently, you outrank me now. Commander." Poe grinned. "Does that mean I get to order you around now?" Han pointed a stubborn finger at him. "Absolutely not. You may outrank me, but I still out- class you in more ways than you can imagine." Poe laughed quietly while Han flashed him his signature smirk and Chewie roared contentedly. "I missed you, Han." "Yeah, well . . ." Han scratched his head and glanced at Chewie briefly. "I guess I did, too, kiddo." Looking past Poe, Han clapped the younger man's shoulder. "You know Finn?" Poe turned to see Finn walking out towards them, glancing around the airfield. He smiled. "Yeah." "I'm gonna go in, then," Han said. "Leia would want to see me." Poe raised a quizzical eyebrow, and Han amended, "Well, she's going to see me whether she wants to or not." Poe smiled. "See you around, old man." Han grinned. "Take care, kid." He beckoned to Chewie, and the pair set off for central command. "Hey, Finn," Poe said, raising his hand as Finn approached him. "You know him?" Finn gestured at Han's retreating figure. Poe nodded, running a hand through his hair, hoping Finn didn't notice the damp tear trails on his face. "He's an old friend." Finn shook his head. "I swear, Solo knows just about everybody in the galaxy." "Yeah - wait, did you just call him Solo ?" "He asked me the same thing," Finn commented. "You called him 'Solo' to his face?" Poe unsuccessfully tried to hold back his laughter. "I don't know of anyone that's done that and survived." "Yeah, well . . ." Finn nervously fingered his blaster. "Look, um, I don't want to make this weird or anything, but, well, I don't exactly have a place here yet, and the General said you wouldn't mind if I roomed up with you for a bit, so . . ." Poe hesitated. The last person he'd ever roomed with had been . . . well, Ben. People had often jokingly told them to "get a room", and well, they had. Always. Ben still lingered in Poe's room, in the meticulously folded sheets, the bookshelf organized by size and not by author name, the dusty guitarra case stashed under the bed. Where Poe was a mess, Ben made up for it in cleanliness. Had made up for it. "Sure," Poe heard himself say. "Why not?" Finn's face broke into a smile. "Thanks, Poe." "No problem," Poe said, adopting as warm a tone as he could. He had to move on somehow, didn't he? Maybe this was how he did it. "I'll take you down there. You got anything with you?" "No," Finn said. He indicated his blaster. "Just this." "Alright then." Poe started in the direction of the dorms. "Come on!" Chapter 17 : Chapter XVII Summary: "Let it Be" The Beatles https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfX0q1aNCos Disclaimer: Abbey Road is not a band, just the name of the Beatles' most popular album :) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "And here we are," Poe announced as he keyed in his code. "Home sweet home." "Whoa," Finn gasped, staring at Poe's room. "Ha, yeah, I know, big mess," Poe said, hurriedly pushing his graphites to one side of the desk. "I haven't had a roommate in forever." He shoved some civvie clothes under the unmade covers of his bunk, and tried to stuff miscellaneous papers in his nightstand drawer. Finn wasn't paying attention to him, however. He stood captivated by a sketch of an Imperial Star Destroyer hanging over Poe's desk. Poe walked over to him. "You like it?" "Poe, this is an Imperial ship." Finn breathed in awe. "Yeah, well, I have a very stylistic sense of style." "Where did you get this?" Finn asked. "It must have cost you a fortune. They don't make prints like these anywhere." Poe grinned. "I drew it." "No way!" Finn looked around Poe's room, taking in all the other sketches of various ships, dating back to the Republic era. "You draw all these, too?" Poe nodded. Reaching over to the Star Destroyer, he tapped his name in the lower right-hand corner. "Signed with a flourish." "You can write?" Poe shrugged. "I prefer to think of it as another art form." Finn stared at him in wonder. "So you can fly, you can draw, you can write - what, can you sing and dance, too?" Poe forced a laugh. He'd stopped singing a long time ago, and he'd been absolutely terrible when he had danced. "Nah. You?" Finn shook his head. "The First Order discourages art in any form. 'Creativity is the enemy of conformity'." "I guess they're all about conformity," Poe said sympathetically. At Finn's nod, he continued, "We don't do that here. We all have our reasons to fight, and no one's going to take that from anyone. We believe in loyalty that stems from free will." "Huh," Finn contemplated. "I guess, technically, we were always given free will, but everyone was too afraid to use it." "Or the illusion of free will," Poe countered. "True," said Finn. He paused for a moment. "So why are you here?" The question startled Poe. "What?" "You said that everyone's here because they want to be, because they have their own reasons," Finn said. "But art like yours, flying like you do, you could go anywhere in the galaxy. You could be anything. Why'd you become a soldier?" Poe sat down on his desk, and Finn settled in his chair. "I'm not really sure," he confessed. "I've never really thought about it, I guess. I mean, I like flying. It's something I'm good at. Besides, my parents were Rebels, too." "Oh." "Well . . ." Poe thought for a moment. "I used to fly in the Republic Fleet, actually. Had some friends, had some command, it was all pretty good. But one day, one of my friends got killed by this unknown enemy, and my superiors refused to investigate. So I sorta just took things into my own hands. Gathered up my squadron and we left. Ran right into the First Order, or the beginnings of it, at least. Long story short, we won, Leia recruited me, here I am. And besides, I already had family in the Resistance, so it seemed like the logical thing to do." Finn grinned. "Kinda hard to imagine you as a Republic officer." "Trust me, I look better in orange than anything else." Poe ran a hand through his hair. "So what about you?" "What about me?" "Buddy, you said so yourself that the First Order is all about conformity," Poe said. "But you got out of it. You got me out of it. Is it alright if I ask how?" Finn looked noticeably uncomfortable, and Poe added hurriedly, "You don't have to -" "No, no, it's fine," Finn said. He took a deep breath. "Everyone in my squad had a nickname. Zero, Nines, Slip - they had names. Every other trooper I knew had a name. Halo, Ice, Five-Cubed, even. But I didn't. Maybe I just wasn't special enough. Maybe I just conformed better. They just called me Two-One-Eight-Seven. On top of all that, Captain Phasma - our commanding officer - she pulled me aside for special training. She wanted me to become an officer, like her. But while she was doing that, I guess I just grew apart from my squadmates. See, one, guy, we called him Slip. He just got behind a lot. Not the brightest in the galaxy. Last place in a lot of things. Good guy, just a bit clumsy. I used to look out for him a lot, but when Captain took me in, she told me I couldn't waste my time on soldiers like him." Finn paused and sighed. "Eventually, Slip got tired of me, too. Other troopers started noticing. People didn't talk to me. I never got my name. Well, I did have a nickname. One of our superior officers just called me 'the Outsider'." Poe's heart ached in sympathy, but he had the feeling that Finn wouldn't want his pity. "Slip died at Jakku," Finn said bitterly. "Someone shot him. I didn't get there in time. He was just - you should've seen him, Poe. He was reaching for me when he died, left smears of blood on my helmet. I don't know how to describe it - it's just like, one minute he's alive and the next, he's not, and - and -" "And you keep thinking that he's not really gone, that he'll be back sometime, but he never is," Poe said quietly. A pang of guilt shot through him like a turbolaser. So the trooper that had so captivated his eye that fateful night had been Finn. What a peculiar beast fate was. He' d been the one who snatched away the life of Finn's friend, extinguished it like a candle flame. "Yeah," Finn agreed. He frowned in puzzlement. "Finn, I - I -" Poe started. I'm the one that shot him. "I'm sorry." "It's alright." That natural grace and sincerity was back in Finn's eyes, and Poe wanted to believe him. Finn's voice was soft as he said, "It wasn't your fault, Poe." Yeah, it was. "What?" "I didn't say anything," Poe said. "Oh." Finn frowned slightly. "I could have sworn you -" "Nope." "Okay, then." A moment of awkward silence ensued, in which neither one of them was sure where to look or what to say. Finally, Poe cleared his throat. "I can turn on some music if you like." "Music?" Poe was incredulous. "You've never heard any?" Finn shook his head. "It's discouraged." "Kriff, Finn." Poe scrambled off his desk and activated his datapad. He scrolled through his music library until he found his favourite playlist. He selected it and hit shuffle. "You should have said something!" "What's it like?" Finn asked as the song loaded. "I'll let it speak for itself," Poe grinned, turning up the volume. "When I find myself in times of trouble, Mother Mary comes to me. Speaking words of wisdom, Let it be." Poe hummed along quietly. "Let it Be" had always been one of his favourite songs. Not too fast, not too slow, not too hard, not too soft. His mother had used to sing it to him as a childhood lullaby. "Let it be, let it be, let it be, oh let it be. There will be an answer, let it be." Poe studied Finn carefully. The dark-skinned man had gone very still, no hint of fidgeting or anxiety present about him. Finn closed his onyx eyes and leaned back in the chair, mouthing the words of the chorus as if he'd somehow known the lyrics all along. Poe wished he could capture this moment in time and preserve it forever. Finn's tranquility seemed so perfect, so flawless and innocent. Poe felt a stab of anger at the First Order for stealing the innocence of music away from Finn. He vowed that he would play every song in his library for the ex-stormtrooper someday. The song drew to a close, the final chords of the valachord sealing it perfectly. Neither Poe nor Finn said anything for a while. Finally, Finn opened his eyes, which glistened slightly. "Can we listen to it again?" "Of course," Poe responded. He clicked the play button again, and the valachord started through the familiar chord progressions. Something stirred in Poe's gut, and he took a deep breath and hesitantly sang along with the first verse. "When I find myself in times of trouble, Mother Mary comes to me. Speaking words of wisdom, Let it be." His voice cracked in a few places. It had been nearly six years since he'd sung anything. Humming didn't really count. By the chorus, Poe had relocated his singing tone again. Rusty, but still working. Out of practice, but still on pitch. It was amazing what the body could remember that the mind could not. He could feel himself fingering the guitarra chords against his palm as he sang. Finn watched him sing, the expression on his face unknowable. Wonder? Joy? Sadness? Whatever it was, Finn hesitantly reached over and took Poe's hand. Surprised at first, Poe momentarily faltered. Noticing, Finn tried to pull away, but something in Poe made him lace his fingers through Finn's before the contact was lost. "Shine until tomorrow, " Poe sang softly, gently squeezing Finn's hand. "Let it be." Finn relaxed, a smile stretching across his features. Poe felt a slow blush spread over his cheeks and looked down quickly - "Your hands are so tiny, Poe - " "Yours are just huge - " "They're cute. Just like you - " - he blushes as his lover kisses both his hands, then his forehead - - then his lips - "I love you, Poe-Poe -" "Love you more, Benji - " "So you really can sing," Finn noted. He lightly punched Poe's shoulder. "Liar." Poe shrugged, pulling away from Finn's grasp. "I'm rusty. It's been a while." Finn shook his head in wonder. "I never knew humans could make such beautiful sounds." "You do now," Poe pointed out. Finn nodded quietly. "Thanks, Poe." Poe lightly touched Finn's forearm as another Abbey Road song came on. "Anytime, Finn." "Not just the music," Finn said seriously. "For helping me get out of there. For flying me out, giving me a name. You know, back there, when you told me we'd be able to get out, you just - I dunno, you talked to me like no one ever had. Like I was your friend, your teammate, and you didn't even know me. Hell, in ten minutes, you did more for me than anyone else ever did." Poe shrugged. "It was the least I could do. After all, I was as good as dead, and you got me out. And honestly, it goes against my code of ethics to call someone a number." Finn smiled. "Thanks." He paused. "You know, Poe, I've been thinking about you a lot." "I'm a good thing to think about." What he didn't say was I've been thinking about you, too. "Yeah, like when me and Rey stole the Millennium Falcon off Jakku," Finn began. "I was thinking, Damn, Poe should be here, too. You'd love Rey. Tough, smart - and she's a great pilot like you, too." Poe detected a small not of sadness underlying Finn's tone. He put his hand over Finn's. "We'll get her back. I promise." "What if they kill her?" Finn's voice cracked slightly. "What if they torture her like they tortured you?" - a cut - - another one - - more lacerations - - bruises - - a kick to his stomach - - his clothes lay scattered on the floor - - and they abuse him - - use him - "That's not going to happen," Poe said, fighting to keep his tone steady. "We'll get there first." "I'm just scared. I mean, I've never had friends like you guys before," Finn confessed. He buried his face in his hands. "I've never been this scared before." "Hey, hey," Poe soothed, putting an arm around Finn's shoulders. "It'll be okay. We'll get her back and everything will be okay. I promise." "Really?" Finn looked up, and Poe could feel the desperation, the longing, the fear, the hope rolling off him in waves. Finn was so close now, and Poe suddenly felt so small, so vulnerable in his presence. Their faces slowly inched closer, closer . . . "I promise," Poe whispered, and kissed him. Notes: Happy Rogue One, everybody! And to celebrate, here's another chapter. Thanks to everyone for your kudos and comments, and in case I'm not back for a while, have a happy holiday - Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah, Merry Kwanzaa!! Chapter 18 : Chapter XVIII Summary: "On My Own" Ashes Remain https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMfzLTTET2E Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "I'll love you forever - " "Hey, beautiful, don't cry - " "When this is all over, I'll come back for you - " "We'll settle down somewhere nice, somewhere with a beach - " "I wanna live the rest of my life with you - " "And there is a light - " "I thought I'd lost you - " "Don't let it go out - " "I'm not leaving you!" "Let it be - " "See you on the other side, Poe - " "NO!" Poe opened his eyes and pulled away, horrified. The voices had come back. He blinked rapidly, trying to shut them out. Suddenly, Kylo Ren stood behind Finn, lightsaber ignited and ready to strike. The sound of blasterfire accompanied the dull hum of the crimson blade, and Ren lunged for Finn. Poe grabbed Finn and threw them both to the ground, shielding Finn's body with his own. "What the - " Finn yelped, struggling to get up. He noticed the stark terror on Poe's face. "Poe? You okay? What's going on?" Kylo Ren turned, his slitted mask reflecting the crackling light of his lightsaber. "No . . ." Poe whimpered. "No, please, no, don't, please -" "Poe, what's going on?" Finn repeated, shaking the pilot's shoulders. "You gotta tell me what's happening, man." "R-Ren," Poe whispered, his heart pounding faster and faster as Ren drew closer. He lifted a shaking finger in the dark warrior's direction. "What, like Kylo Ren? " Finn turned and glanced at the indicated area. He looked back at Poe. "Hey, it's okay. No one's here. You're with me, remember?" Poe clutched the front of Finn's shirt desperately and - "Pathetic -" "I would have expected a better fight from you -" "Traitor!" "Don't look at me like that -" "You had a choice!" Pain and panic lanced through Poe's mind as Ren deactivated the lightsaber and made to take off his mask. Poe fumbled for his blaster, hastily trying to take aim. He would have taken the shot had Finn not held him down. "Whoa, Poe, calm down!" Finn exclaimed. "Stay calm, man, stay calm!" Struggling with Poe with one arm, Finn reached for Poe's datapad with the other. Frantically scrolling through Poe's music library, he found the song he was looking for and turned it up to full volume. "When I find myself in times of trouble, Mother Mary comes to me . . ." Slowly but surely, the music pierced through Ren's voice, shattering the figure's image like glass. Poe breathed deeply, slowing down his racing heartbeat. Blinking, he quickly realized that Ren was no longer there. "Poe, you with me?" Finn asked desperately. "Poe?" Poe nodded thickly, switching the on safety on his blaster and tossing it aside. "Yeah, I'm . . . fine." The two of them sat in silence for a while, each not knowing what to say next. Finally, Finn spoke up. "Poe, who's Ben?" "What?" Poe sat up sharply at the mention of his former lover's name. "Where'd you see that name?" "Oh, uh, just saw the name on a list in here," Finn said quickly, taken aback by Poe's sudden defensiveness. "Just wondered." Poe ran a hand through his hair and sighed. "He's my . . ." How to describe Ben? He hadn't just been Poe's lover, he'd been a part of Poe himself. Ben had been his strength, his weakness, his joy, his hope, his very soul. The person he loved most in the galaxy. The one thing he never could have imagined living without. "He's my friend." "Oh." "Ben's dead now," Poe said shortly, mentally smacking himself. Why had he said that? It wasn't as though saying it would make it any less true. "I'm sorry," Finn said, not meeting Poe's eyes. "It wasn't your fault." Poe pulled his knees to his chest and rested his chin on his arms. "I'm sorry about . . . whatever the hell just happened." "It's alright," Finn said simply. He paused, then gave him a small, embarrassed smile. "You're one hell of a kisser, though." Poe could tell that Finn was just trying to make the mood a little lighter, not that it couldn't get much heavier. Finn's fingers brushed against Poe's, lingering there for a moment. "Do you want to talk about it?" "It's Kylo Ren," Poe confessed. "I keep seeing him everywhere, since, you know. He couldn't have had worse timing." He forced himself to smile. "Yeah." Finn didn't push the subject, and for that, Poe was grateful. Ren's accusation still echoed through his mind. You had a choice. When had Ren said that? Was he reaching out through the Force to invade Poe's mind once more, to provoke him, to taunt him? Or were fragments of Poe's tortured memory just randomly fusing themselves together? You had a choice. "I really like you, Poe," Finn said quietly. "Whatever happens, I want to be here for you." He paused, then tried to backtrack. "Am I going too quickly? Maybe I'm being too forward, sorry, I've never really felt this way about anyone else before - " "Yeah," Poe murmured. "I know what you mean." Awkwardly, he added, "Maybe we should get off the floor - " "Right - " "Yeah - " "Um - " "Sorry - " "You're good - " Poe dusted himself off, heat flooding his face. Finn was undoubtedly flustered as well. "So - " "Um - " "Well - " "Er - " "We should change the subject," Poe and Finn said simultaneously. There was a brief moment of incredulous silence, then the two broke into laughter. "That was perfect, Poe!" Finn exclaimed. "Too perfect," Poe agreed. He extended a fist heartily. Finn stared at him quizzically. "What are you doing?" "Fist bump," Poe explained. "You know?" Finn shook his head. "Not really." "Okay then," Poe said, holding up Finn's hand. "Fist." Finn complied. Poe gently tapped his knuckles against Finn's. "Fist bump. It's like a thing people do when something perfect like that happens." Finn grinned. "I could get used to that." "Buddy, one of these days, you and I will take a ride in my landspeeder and I will show you every single aspect of a normal life," Poe promised. "Well, as normal as things ever get around here. Sound good?" Finn nodded, still grinning. Despite his background, the ex-stormtrooper seemed so innocent and ignorant of the larger galaxy out there. Poe felt something seem to melt inside of him, and he said, "You know what, recon team won't be back for a while. How about we go take that ride now?" "Sounds even better to me," Finn said, taking Poe's hand as they exited his dorm. For a brief moment, Poe could almost see Ben smiling at him. Notes: Happy New Year, folks! New chapter should be up sometime next week. Thanks to all of you for all your support, comments, and kudos! Chapter 19 : Chapter XIX Summary: "Sky Full of Stars" Coldplay https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=LR73DrKX_bs Finn whistled slowly as Poe started up his X-34. "Nice ride, Poe." Poe grinned proudly. "She's an X-34, manufactured roughly six or seven BBY. Powerful repulsorlift engine with triple thrust turbines, all air-cooled." "I'm going to pretend like that made sense," Finn replied, climbing into the passenger seat. "I found her in a local junkyard," Poe explained. "They were going to scrap the poor thing, so I bought her, got some parts, and now she's good as new." He drove them past the airfield and onto a smaller road, to a security checkpoint. "Afternoon, Commander," the security guard saluted. "Where you headed?" "Gonna take a lap around the base, show my friend around," Poe answered, returning the salute. "We'll be back in the hour." "See you then, Commander." "Later, Sergeant." Poe waved at the guard as his credentials were cleared. Finn momentarily glanced back as they drove forward. "Everybody around here seems to like you." "Yeah, well . . ." Poe rubbed the side of his neck in embarrassment. "I'm nice to people, people are nice to me. Simple." Finn shook his head. "Believe me when I say that's not how it works." Poe shrugged, not willing to debate the subject. "Sure." He accelerated a little more, his dark curls waving in the wind. Poe breathed deeply and glanced at the cloud-spotted cerulean sky. "It's nice outside today." "You don't say," Finn said quietly. He reached over the edge of the speeder, brushing the soft tallgrass with his fingers. "I've never seen grass like this before." "System exclusive," Poe said. "Outer Rim-type stuff, you can't find it anywhere else." He smiled at a distant memory. "If you're interested, it actually doesn't taste that bad." Finn raised an eyebrow. "And how would you know what grass tastes like?" "I was an odd kid," Poe said. Finn laughed. "Well, I'm not eating any," Finn chuckled. Poe pretended to look hurt. "And why is that?" Finn played along. "Do I look like a nerf to you?" "All things considered, I was thinking more of a shaak." "Shut up, Poe." ------------------------------------- Lake Gemynd was small compared to the lake on Takodana, but it still felt large. It was roughly peth-shaped, with a slight stretch of land looking out over the emerald-green water. A waterfall, maybe two or three meters up, gently cascaded over moss-covered boulders. The water itself was clear enough to see smooth, worn pebbles lining the lake floor. A few small fish swam lazily beneath the surface. "Wow," Finn breathed as Poe brought the speeder to a stop. "Poe, this is . . . this is incredible." "You only get this on the VIP Commander's Tour." Poe winked and hopped out of the speeder. "Come on!" Hesitantly, Finn followed him to the edge of the lake. Poe found a small, smooth stone on the shore and tossed it from hand to hand. "Watch this." Angling his arm back, Poe flicked his wrist and tossed the stone over the water. It skipped a few times before sinking to the bottom, leaving small ripples behind. Finn clapped slowly, awe-stricken. "How'd you do that?" "Here, I'll show you." Poe reached into the water and pulled out a few more pebbles. He put one in Finn's palm. "Okay, pull your arm back like this, lean a little this way . . ." Putting his arm around Finn's, Poe carefully taught him how to make the stone skip. He walked Finn through the motions, patiently correcting minor things. He demonstrated again, then gestured for Finn to try. Finn took a deep breath, then tossed the pebble. Unfortunately, it broke the surface and just sank. Noticing the crestfallen look on his face, Poe said quickly, "Hey, it's okay. This kind of thing takes practice. No one gets it right the first time." How many times had those same words echoed around his life? His father teaching him how to handle blasters, showing him how to strip down and reassemble most standard military weapons — his mother taking him out in space and showing him not just how to fly, but how to communicate with his ship; and now here he ways, training recruits, rookies fresh out of backwater worlds and crowded metropolises that hungered to make a difference in the galaxy — "No one gets it right the first time." The look in Finn's eyes was one Poe had seen many times before — a look of trust and faith that his words were genuine and personal. Finn seemed to brighten, and Poe nodded in encouragement. The second stone sank, as did the third, fourth, and the fifth. "Here." Poe picked up a little tan-striped pebble from the water. Drying it on his sleeve, he handed it to Finn. "This one'll skip." "How do you know?" "Because," Poe said, taking Finn's hands and gently kissing them, "sixth time's the charm, right?" "I'm pretty sure that's not how the saying goes," Finn said, smiling anyway. He turned to the water again, exhaled, and let the stone fly. His eyes widened as the stone skipped, once, twice, three times . . . "Yes! Poe, I did it!" Finn's excitement was contagious, and Poe pumped his fist in the air. "Yeah! Toldja! Sixth time's the charm!" "Sixth time's the charm!" "Sixth time's the charm!" Swept up by the moment, Finn cupped Poe's cheek in his hand and kissed him. Poe closed his eyes and kissed him back, throwing his arms around Finn's neck, one hand pressed against the back of Finn's head to bring them closer. No voices or memories flashed past Poe this time, and he let himself get lost in Finn's gentle passion. His heart pounded against his chest as they moved together in perfect synchrony. Well, perfect until Poe lost his balance. The two of them tumbled into the tallgrass, a tangle of arms and legs. Heat flooded Poe's cheeks as he disentangled himself from Finn. "Finn? You okay?" Finn rolled over onto his back, grinning breathlessly. "Never better." He grabbed Poe's hand and pulled the pilot down beside him. They kissed again and again, each smiling against the other's lips. Their foreheads touched, and Poe's eyes closed. "Poe Dameron," Finn whispered. "I think I'm in love with you." Something stirred inside of Poe, something old and new at the same time. Something in him whispered, Let go , and his stomach fluttered. For the first time in a long time, he felt whole. "I think so, too," he whispered back, brushing Finn's cheek with his thumb. Finn smiled softly and kissed the pilot's forehead. He rested his head in the crook of Poe's arm, and they lay there together for a while, simply relaxing in each other's company. The dull roar of starfighter engines broke the soft silence. Poe sat up first, shielding his eyes against the sun. In the distance, a small group of X-Wings grew steadily larger and larger. "Recon team's back," he noted. "We should get going, too." Finn made a small noise of disappointment, and Poe swiftly kissed the top of his head. "To be continued?" Finn asked hopefully. "To be continued." Chapter 20 : Chapter XX Summary: "See You Again" Wiz Khaflia, ft. Charlie Puth https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgKAFK5djSk The ride back to the base seemed shorter. Poe and Finn made light conversation, just talking about themselves a little. Finn was twenty-six, Poe, thirty-two. They'd both been a little surprised at the age difference, but they'd shrugged it off. Finn didn't have a birthday, so he'd picked 3-17. Poe's, 3-9. Eight days. They'd had a good laugh at that. Poe's favourite colour was orange, Finn's - "I think I like green," Finn said after a while. "Like the water at the lake." Ben's favourite colour was green, too. "Well, I guess it's obvious you like orange," Finn continued, flashing Poe a smile. "Your ship, your suit, your kriffing droid . . . " "Hey, it's not my fault our uniforms are like this," Poe protested lightly. "And I like things to match." "Except for your pillows, apparently." "Okay, that's going too far. Pillows have a right to be whatever colour they want to be." "Only you would defend a pillow, Poe." Poe shrugged. "I believe that the soft objects upon which we rest our heads as we sleep deserve some respect." "You're weird." "I know." Finn laughed as they pulled into a smaller speeder lot. In the airfield nearby, Snap Wexley was climbing out of his X-Wing. Poe powered down the speeder and jogged toward his fellow pilot, Finn following close behind. "Hey, Snap!" "Poe!" Snap clasped Poe's hand and brought him into a classic bro hug. He whispered in Poe's ear, "You make out with him yet?" Poe gave him a pointed look, and Snap grinned. He turned to Finn and extended a hand. "I saw you earlier, with the General. Finn, right? I'm Snap. Snap Wexley." Finn shook Snap's hand. "Good to meet you, Snap." Snap clapped Poe's shoulder. "This man here - best pilot in the Resistance, best friend I've ever had. So make sure he doesn't get into any more trouble than he usually does, 'kay?" Finn looked confused, and Poe ducked out from under Snap's arm. "Cut it out, man." "Am I embarrassing you, Commander?" "I prefer 'harassing', Captain." Snap smiled warmly, but his eyes were grim. "Well, men, we'd better head in. We've got a recon report to fill." ----------------------------------------------------- "The scan data from Snap's reconnaissance mission confirms Finn's report," Poe began. Save for Finn, he was the youngest one at the command meeting. But he'd earned his rank. He had as much right to be here as veteran Admirals Ackbar and Statura. With war came experience, and experience outranked everything. "They've somehow created a hyper-lightspeed weapon inside the planet itself," Snap added, with a glance at Poe. "A laser cannon?" someone asked. "We're not sure how to describe a weapon of this scale," Snap replied honestly. Major Taslin Brance spoke up. "It's another Death Star!" Murmurs of dissent rippled through the room. Poe had only been an infant when the second Death Star was in existence, but he'd heard the stories of Yavin and Endor. He grimaced as he said, "I wish that were the case, Major." Poe's expression tightened as he keyed in a few dimensions. A hologram appeared on their central display table. "This was the Death Star." Another control, and the sphere shrank until it was about the size of his fist, paling in comparison to a sinister-looking planet. "This is Starkiller Base." Han waved a hand as gasps echoed around him. "So . . . it's big." Poe almost grinned. Leave it to Han Solo to lighten the mood in any situation. "How is it possible to power a weapon of this magnitude?" Admiral Ackbar rumbled. "It uses the power of the sun," Finn explained. He glanced at Poe, who nodded in encouragement. "As the weapon is charged, the sun is drained until it disappears." Poe noticed one of Leia's attendants handing her a datacard. Quickly scanning it, Leia looked up in dismay. "The First Order is charging the weapon again now. Our system is the next target." They must have tracked our ships, Poe thought in horror. Now what? "Oh, my," said C-3PO, echoing Poe's thoughts. "Without the Republic fleet, we're doomed." Han spoke up over the general chatter. "Okay, so how do we blow it up?" He glanced from Poe to Leia expectantly. "There's always a way to do that." "Han's right," Leia agreed. Poe and Han shared a brief glance of mutual surprise. Admiral Statura stroked his mustache thoughtfully. "For that amount of power to be contained, there must be some sort of, ah, thermal oscillator." "There is one," said Finn, gesturing at a point on the hologram, which zoomed into more detail. "Precinct Forty-Seven. There." The gears in Statura's mind were turning, formulating a plan. "So if we can destroy that oscillator, it might destabilize the core and cripple the weapon." "Maybe even the planet itself," Major Ematt added. Poe nodded determinedly. "We'll go in there, hit that oscillator with everything we've got." Admiral Ackbar's large yellow eyes blinked slowly. "They have defensive shields that our ships cannot penetrate." Han looked as though he were speaking to a youngling as he replied, "We disable the shields." He turned to Finn. "Kid, you worked there. Whaddaya got?" Finn nodded the nervously. "I-I can do it." "I like this guy," Han affirmed. "I can disable the shields," Finn repeated, his tone stronger, "but I have to be there, on the planet." "We'll get you there," Han volunteered. Leia shook her head. "Han, how?" "If I told you, you wouldn't like it." Poe grinned. He loved it when a strategy plan came together. "So we disable the shields, we take out the oscillator, blow up their big gun." He was met with nods and shouts of approval and a confirming roar from Chewbacca. Poe nodded sharply, the tone of command filling his voice. "Alright, let's go!" ------------------------------------------------------------------- Poe made sure that the coordinates were set for the Starkiller Base system, the hyperspace route charted, before exiting the cockpit of Black One. He glanced around; most of the other pilots were checking last-minute details. Quite a few were new faces, recruits trained to replace those lost on Hosnian. Taking a lap around the airfield, he made a routine check with his squadrons and received positive results. Time to inform Leia. As he walked out towards Central Command, he noticed Finn heading towards the Millennium Falcon. Poe smiled at him and clapped his shoulder meaningfully. Their gazes lingered on each other for a brief moment before each one went on his way. Leia was overseeing the deployment and status of recon droids when Poe found her. "General." "Commander." Poe saluted quickly. "Ships ready, ma'am." "Good," said Leia. "Get out into space. We have no time to lose." "Yes, General." Poe made to leave, but Leia quickly grabbed his arm. "Poe, please be careful," she said. "Blast them to pieces, but take care of yourself, too. That's an order." Poe inclined his head. "Absolutely." With that, he broke into a brisk run and headed back to the airfield. He called everyone together, mechanics and engineers having retreated to their command posts. "All right, everyone! This is it. The galaxy's depending on us. Our friends, our families - their futures are in our hands now." Poe's gaze swept over his pilots, veterans and rookies alike. "To be honest, a lot of us might not live to see tomorrow. But we're going to keep flying and keep fighting so that the people we care about will." His eyes met Finn's, who was standing at the back of the crowd. "Who's with me?" Poe was met with a unanimous war cry. He nodded. "Move out!" He'd started up the ladder to Black One 's cockpit when a hand tugged on his sleeve. Finn. "What's up?" Poe checked. Finn tugged at the strap of his blaster. "I'm scared," he confessed. "What if something happens and I never see you again?" Poe tried to laugh it off. "Hey, don't jump to conclusions so fast, buddy." "Poe, this is the First Order, " Finn said. "And this - you and me both - we've never gone up against anything like Starkiller Base before. Anything could happen." Poe put a hand on Finn's shoulder. "Look, wherever you are on that iceberg, I'll be in the sky right above you. Whatever happens, just look up and I'll be there. " He smiled warmly and indicated Finn's - once his own - jacket. "Besides, even if I'm not there, my jacket will be with you." "Yeah," Finn said. Though he wore a smile, his eyes still didn't meet Poe's. "Hey, there," Poe said, gently hugging Finn. "We'll get through this. We escaped that First Order Star Destroyer together, right? We'll beat this Starkiller Base the same way. Together. Tell ya what: when this is all over and we've won, I'll be the first person you see back here. To be continued, remember?" Finn smiled, a real smile this time. "You promise?" Poe kissed Finn's cheek and put on his helmet. "I promise." Chapter 21 : Chapter XXI Summary: "This is War" 30 Seconds to Mars https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2q-Ps-OD_1w "Black Leader, go to sub-lights on your call." It was the order Poe had been waiting for, and he sighed in relief. The shields were down. They could go in. "Roger, base," he confirmed, flipping a few switches to bring his ship out of her hyperspace orbit. "Red Squad, Blue Squad, follow my lead." Timing was critical. Even a second off would be too late, and the mission would be over before it began. Poe breathed deeply, then led his fighters out of hyperspace. "Dropping out of lightspeed," said Blue Two Carlo Darklighter. Red Two Nien Nunb warbled a similar confirmation in Sullustan. Poe caught his breath as Starkiller Base loomed into view. Kriff, it was huge . A massive opening gaped ominously in the center, and Poe felt chills go down his spine. He did his best to suppress a shudder. Things so unearthly, so unholy, should not be made to exist. BB-8 seemed to agree, chirping nervously. "Yeah, I'll be glad when we're out of here, too," Poe muttered. He gunned his engines forward and descended through the planet's atmosphere. He briefly wondered what the planet had been called before the First Order relabeled it as a killing machine, then dismissed that thought as irrelevant. He had a mission, and he was going to see it through. No time for distractions. Thin clouds quickly gave way to a snow-covered tundra decorated with small patches of conifers. Poe swooped in low over the trees, his squadrons keeping tight formation behind him. His eyes narrowed as he spotted the oscillator. "Almost in range!" he said, his fingers curling around the triggers. "Hit the target dead center, as many runs as we can get!" Closer, closer . . . "Approaching target," came Snap's call. Now! "Alright, let's light it up!" Poe ordered, unleashing the full wrath of Black One's arsenal upon his target. He counted the seconds subconsciously as destructive fire burst from the other fighters under his command. "Ha, direct hit!" Red Four Tosin Bastian laughed triumphantly. "Yeah, but no damage!" Red Six Ello Asty countered. Thirteen seconds. That's all the time they had. Poe glanced over his shoulder. They'd barely even made a dent. Stang. "We gotta keep hitting it," Poe said, coming around in as tight an arc as he could muster. "Another bombing run. Remember, when the sun is gone, that weapon will be ready to fire, but as long as there's light, we've got a chance." Poe took a deep breath and centered himself. Any moment now, the First Order would learn of their presence and unleash their own armada. He wanted to be back at the oscillator before that happened. And it didn't seem to be happening anytime soon. Massive hangar doors slid open and turbolaser cannons powered to life. Swarms upon swarms of TIE fighters shot out like a cloud of redjackets. "Sweet mother of - " Poe quickly closed his S-foils and twisted to avoid smashing into an oncoming TIE. "Guys, we gotta lot of company!" Poe clenched his jaw as his S-foils locked back into attack position. He swerved sharply and gave chase to the fighter he'd nearly collided with. A single depression on the triggers, and it was obliterated. Another. Another. Four shots, four fighters. Poe steered Black One a little higher so he could assess the battle more clearly. His heart sank at how far they were outnumbered. For every TIE fighter gunned down, two more seemed to take its place. It suddenly occurred to Poe that, given the odds, they might actually lose this fight. No. He'd said it himself. As long as there was light, they had a chance. The sun was shining. To hell with the odds. Poe dove back down into the fray of battle, red laserfire bursting from his cannons. Seven shots, seven fighters downed. He guided his fighter in a low arc, dancing through ground fire. Four shots, four cannons downed. "Damn it . . ." Poe muttered, shooting down three more TIEs. He needed to get back to the oscillator, but that would be suicide. A few weeks ago, he wouldn't have cared, but now . . . now, someone was out there depending on him to stay alive. So he gave the only tactical command he could. "Pull up, guys! Retreat to the outer atmosphere!" "Poe, what are you talking about?" someone exclaimed. "We need to get out of range for these ground cannons, and we're too cramped together down here," Poe explained. "So let's get a little higher." "Copy that, Black Leader," Snap confirmed. Poe closed his eyes briefly, letting his instinct take over. There was Snap's ship . . . Ello and Tosin flanking him twenty degrees below . . . Jess was banking around a group of TIEs . . . Nien Nunb and Carlo Darklighter were covering her . . . Kriff, were there already so many casualties? "Arrow formation, single lines," Poe called, banking to one side. He twisted a full ninety degrees, flying on his side for a while as his squadrons lined up behind him in a leth shape. Six shots, six fighters. "Fill in whatever spaces you can." Several "copy"s rang out over his comm, and Poe led his fighters out into space, his jaw set in grim determination. What happened at Hosnian must not be allowed to happen again. "Sorry, Finn," Poe murmured, taking out another TIE fighter. "I'm still here, I promise." Four shots, four fighters. The battle dragged on and on. Minutes felt like eternities. There seemed to be no end to the First Order's forces, and Poe's team was gradually diminishing. BB-8 chirped sadly. "No, we can still do this!" Poe argued. "We've still got time!" Switching over to his main comm, he urged what was left of his squadrons. "Come on, guys! Don't give up now! Find something worth fighting for and fight for it!" Poe hoped that his words carried the conviction that he himself lacked. He could feel himself sinking into despair. He'd led his team - his friends - into a massacre. Twelve shots. Twelve fighters. Bank hard right. Twist sixty degrees. Three shots. Three fighters. Nose dive, one-eighty vertical. Two shots. Two fighters. Close S-foils. Twist negative twenty degrees. Open. Six shots. Six fighters. Poe hardly even thought about what he was doing. Every movement, every twist and flip of his ship cam naturally to him, pure instinct lending him orders and leading him through the fray. Suddenly, pain shot through Poe's chest like a vibrolance. His body jerked involuntarily, his control on his ship lost briefly. BB-8 squealed in alarm as Black One dipped to one side. Oh my God, I've been hit. Poe struggled to breathe as spots danced across his vision - - a bridge - - red light - - pain - - breathlessness - "Thank you." - he falls - Another pain lanced through him, this time in his midsection. Poe cried out through gritted teeth, his fighter twisting erratically in response. - a blast - - numbness - - darkness - "No . . ." "Poe?" Snap's concerned voice trickled through Poe's comm. "Poe, you alright there?" As quickly as it had come, the pain was gone. Poe steadied his racing pulse and replied shakily, "Yeah, no worries." He pulled Black One into an experimental curve. The ship seemed fine. Nothing felt out of order. "Hey, Beebee, how's she doing?" The droid beeped a sarcastic reply. Poe frowned. "You sure?" BB-8's head swiveled and he chattered insistently. "Okay, then." So the ship had taken no damage. Then what had Poe felt? A cold sense of dread crept through him. Surely not . . . surely not another flashback? He fired his cannons again. Four shots. Three fighters. "What's wrong with me?" Poe whispered. Five shots, four fighters. His hands trembled on the controls, his finger quivering against the trigger. He couldn't get his mind to focus on the battle, the fight now. Five shots. Three fighters. Poe inhaled unsteadily. Exhaled. Inhaled again. Focus, Dameron, focus. Six shots. Three fighters. Focus. Three shots. Two fighters. FOCUS. Four shots. Three fighters. FOCUS! Three shots. Three fighters. Finally. Five shots. Five fighters. Yes! Poe's eyes narrowed in determination as he sank back into the rhythmic tide of combat. Black One soared gracefully between bolts of laserfire, pilot and ship melded perfectly into a deadly killing machine. His pulse slowed, beating in time to the steady bursts of his fatally accurate shots. He had to make up for the time and targets he'd lost. "We just lost Blue Two," Red Five Kale Antilles reported. "What do we do now, Poe?" Jess asked, falling in line behind Poe's ship. "We're overwhelmed." Poe knew, deep down, that she was right. The chances for survival were growing slimmer by the second. Still - "Black Leader, there's a brand-new hole in that oscillator," Kale said, a note of hope rising in his voice. "Looks like our friends got in." Peering to the side down to the frozen sphere below, Poe saw that Kale was right. He glanced at Starkiller's sun. They still had time. I'm coming, Finn. "Red Four, Red Six, cover us!" Poe ordered, swooping back down towards the snowy planet. "Everybody else, hit the target hard! Give it everything you've got!" Poe plunged back through the clouds, decimating any fighter that was unfortunate enough to have been in his way. He allowed himself a small grin as he felt the familiar turbulence of atmospheric resistance wrapping around him like an old friend. Switching on his guidelights, he dived down into the trenches guarding the oscillator. Three shots, three cannons. Two shots, two fighters. "I'm hit!" Ello cried as his ship was consumed by flames. "Poe, I -" Blue Six Emma Sugaro didn't get a chance to finish her sentence before she shared Ello's fate. "Come on, come on ," Poe muttered, desperately searching for an opening. Leia's words - following the attack on the Star Destroyer so long ago - rang in his ears again: "Do not endanger your squadrons needlessly." Time to end this fight. Poe took a deep breath, then turned on his mic. "All teams, I'm going in. Cover me!" "Copy that," Snap confirmed. "Good luck, Poe," said Jess. Poe closed his eyes and mouthed a quick prayer to himself. Locking his S-foils shut, he dove into the breach. The complexity of the structure barely gave him any maneuvering room, but Poe wasn't hailed as the best pilot in the Resistance for nothing. Faint light trickled through small openings to the surface. There was still time. Finally, Poe entered the oscillator's main chamber. No pursuers came after him. BB-8 whistled excitedly. Jaw set in long-awaited triumph, Poe relentlessly shot down every support beam, every power generator, every fuel cell that entered his line of vision. "This is for Ben, you sons of bitches!" Poe yelled as he fired the last shot into the heart of the oscillator. Banking around the circular chamber, Poe guided his fighter back the way he'd come. A triumphant grin spread across his face as he regrouped with his squadrons. "We did it, guys!" Whoops and cheers burst forth on his comm - both from his squadrons and back home. Poe could see tremors and earthquakes tearing up the planet's surface, even in mid-air. Starkiller Base was dying. And Poe had been the one to deliver the killing blow. Out of the corner of his eye, Poe glimpsed the Millennium Falcon rising from the trees and nearly cried in relief. Han, Finn, and Chewie must have survived. He swung his craft over to meet the freighter and waved at the darkened cockpit, hoping that they'd see him. Poe didn't conceal the elation in his voice as he commed his team one last time. "Our job's done here. Let's go home." Chapter 22 : Chapter XXII Summary: "Northern Downpour" Panic! At the Disco https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=-fwKqGNW8Ns Upon popping open Black One's canopy, Poe was met with a storm of cheers and congratulations. He grinned triumphantly as he pulled off his helmet and descended from his ship. Snap pushed his way through the crowd, and the two of them shared a tight hug. "Poe," Snap said breathlessly. "You did it!" "Yeah, I guess I did." Poe's heart felt light, as though he were walking on clouds. He looked around. "Where'd the Falcon come down?" Snap gestured in one direction, and Poe nodded his thanks. After a few more hugs and shoulder-claps, he broke into a jog and headed for the Falcon . I'm here, Finn. Poe could hardly contain his excitement as the boarding ramp descended from the ship's belly. It was all he could do to keep from racing up the ramp and seeing Finn for himself. But Finn didn't come out. Chewbacca and some girl in light desert gear — probably Rey — slowly walked down the ramp. The bottom fell out of Poe's stomach when he saw what Chewie was carrying. Or rather, who. "No, no, no . . ." Poe whispered as his gaze fell on Finn's limp body. Waving his arms frantically, he called, "Medic! Medic! My friend's hurt!" The med speeder couldn't come quickly enough. Chewie growled softly as he gently set Finn onto the speeder, something along the lines of Be careful with this one . After a quick glance at Chewie and the girl, Poe followed the speeder at a brisk sprint, easily keeping up with the other EMTs. He gestured to the nearest one. "Will he be okay?" "We can't say yet, Commander," the EMT replied. "We don't yet know the extent of the injury." "Then hurry and take him to the medbay!" Poe nearly shouted. The EMT didn't argue. "Yes, sir." Poe's heart raced faster and faster with each stride. Finn, please hang in there. Please stay with me. Please live. A lump grew in his throat. I can't lose you, too. "They've found us —" "We have to hurry!" "What are you doing?!" "Stay with me —" "Take evasive action!" "Our shields are down, repeat, our shields are —" "NO!" Upon reaching the emergency unit, Doctor Kalonia immediately ordered all non-medical personnel out of the surgery. "That includes you, too, Commander," Kalonia said meaningfully. "Don't worry. You'll be the first to know if he wakes up." Poe noted that she said if, not when. He watched helplessly as the transparisteel doors slid closed and droids and doctors began their work. "Poe?" Poe nearly jumped at the sound of Snap's voice. "What the hell was that about?" Poe snapped, his tone uncharacteristically sharp. He tried to backtrack. "I'm sorry, I mean —" Snap didn't say anything, just engulfed Poe in a warm hug. "He'll be okay, Poe." "He has to," Poe mumbled. "He will," Snap repeated. He let go of Poe. "General wants to talk with you." Poe nodded thickly and allowed himself to be led away to central command. Neither man said anything for the duration of their walk. though Poe forced himself to smile whenever someone congratulated him. BB-8 chirped excitedly once Poe came in, and the pilot knelt beside the feisty droid. The little orange astromech rolled and chattered an electronic stream of triumph, and Poe couldn't help but smile. "Yeah, buddy, that's right," he said, rubbing the droid's dome head. "We did it." BB-8 shot out a welding torch from one of his compartments and lit it, imitating the gesture of a human thumbs-up. Poe laughed. "Where'd you pick that up from, buddy?" The droid's reply was monosyllabic. Finn. "Oh." The dismay must have shown on Poe's face, because BB-8 nudged his knee and beeped a concerned query. "He's in the medbay right now, Beebee. I don't even know what happened to him." The droid's head tilted downwards, and Poe briefly wondered how something so mechanical could convey such a human emotion. He tried to reassure himself as much as BB-8 when he said, "He'll get better soon." BB-8 perked up at that, and whistled enthusiastically. Poe forced himself to smile as the droid rolled along. He wished he could share his companion's optimism. At the moment, he couldn't really feel anything besides numbness. "Um, excuse me?" Poe jumped slightly, turning to see the girl from earlier standing behind him. "Oh, sorry, I didn't mean to startle you —" "It's fine," Poe said. He noted her change of clothes — gone were the desert wrappings; now she wore what looked like one of Leia's old uniforms. He extended his hand. "I'm Poe. Poe Dameron." "Rey." The two shook. Rey tilted her head. "Have we met before?" Poe frowned slightly. "I don't think so. Not that I remember, anyway." "Hm," said Rey, studying him. "I could have sworn you looked . . . well, familiar." Poe cracked a grin. "I just have one of those faces, I guess." Rey smiled. She had a nice smile, though Poe honestly doubted she'd used it much. There was something about her that he couldn't quite put his finger on. "Does he belong to you?" she asked. "Beebee-Ate?" Poe chuckled. "I guess you could say that. I mean, he's quite a free spirit. I don't think he belongs to anyone." Rey grinned. "That he is." A moment's pause, and her tone grew more serious. "How's Finn doing?" Poe shrugged helplessly. "I don't know. Doc rushed me out before I could ask. Do you know what happened to him?" Rey hesitated briefly. "We were in the woods, Finn and me, heading for the Falcon. Kylo Ren — he just seemed to come out of nowhere. He found us, knocked me out. When I came to, Ren had — well, he'd — he'd hurt Finn, Poe. His back. I —" "Son of a bitch," Poe cursed. Rey seemed startled, and Poe immediately softened. "It's not you. It's just Kylo Ren . . . He won't seem to leave me alone." Rey nodded understandingly, and a new, horrific realization suddenly occurred to Poe. "Hang on . . . where's Han?" Rey's expression contorted in grief, her brown eyes glistening. "He . . . didn't make it." "What?" Poe looked at her incredulously. "No, no, no . . . that's not true. That's impossible. No one can kill Han Solo." "I'm sorry, Poe," Rey whispered. Something dark flooded through Poe. "Let me guess: Kylo fragging Ren ." Rey's silence was all Poe needed. His fists and jaw clenched. Why couldn't Ren just leave him alone? He'd suffered enough at Jakku; now Finn was comatose and Han was dead because of the dark warrior. Anger surged through Poe, his arms growing uncomfortably warm in his flight sleeves. "Poe?" Rey moved to touch his arm and gave a small yelp as a shock ran between them — — pain courses through him — — every nerve on fire — — he wants to scream— —but he can't— "Oh, I'm sorry," Poe said quickly, the internal heat vanishing. "Are you alright?" Rey nodded. "Yeah, I'm fine." She fingered the strap on her satchel. "Listen, Poe —" She was interrupted by a stream of electronic beeping. A droid voice that Poe hadn't heard in forever. R2-D2 was awake. Chapter 23 : Chapter XXIII Summary: "Bird with a Broken Wing" Owl City https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ga4F0_xGQI Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The next hour was a blur. At one point, Poe found himself giving his portion of Luke's map to BB-8 to match R2-D2's projection. Then he was caught up in a storm of cheers and triumph, almost bewildered by it all. Now, Poe found himself leaning against the doorframe to Finn's med room, watching as Rey said her goodbyes. She kissed Finn's forehead and stood straight. Noticing Poe by the door, she walked over to him. "So I guess this is it, then," Rey said. She offered a wan smile. "It was very nice meeting you." "Yeah, same," Poe replied, his mind focused elsewhere. Rey studied him. She hesitated a moment before asking, "This isn't the first time you've waited like this, is it?" It was more of a statement than a question. Poe tried to laugh it off. His voice sounded hollow, even to him. "That obvious, huh?" "No, you just seem . . . sad," Rey observed. "In a way that others around here aren't." For some unfathomable reason, Poe said, "I was eight years old when doctors couldn't save my mom. I was fifteen when they couldn't save my dad." Rey touched his arm. "They'll save Finn." "They've got to," Poe replied, fighting to keep his voice from breaking. "I'm sorry about your parents," Rey said, and she looked like she meant it. She seemed like someone who would know about grieving for a mother or a father, but Poe knew better than to speak about it. Instead, he said, "I am, too." There seemed to be nothing left to say, and both of them knew it. Rey fingered the strap on her satchel. "Well . . . I'd better go." "You hug?" Poe asked. When Rey gave him a quizzical look, he amended, "Well, we might not see each other for a while, but you seem like a nice person, and I try not to overstep any boundaries — " Rey silenced him with a wide smile. She wrapped her arms around him. "Yes. I hug." Poe smiled and hugged her back, a brief embrace that only lasted a few seconds. "You're sure we haven't met before?" Rey asked once they pulled apart. "We've met now," Poe replied, shrugging. Rey raised her eyebrows. "That we have." "Come on, I'll walk you out," Poe said. Together, he and Rey made their way to the airfield, each being congratulated for something different. Poe felt that, in a different galaxy, perhaps, he and Rey could have been very close friends. As he watched her board the Falcon's entrance ramp, he couldn't help but call out to her again. "Rey!" Rey turned. Poe would have said May the Force be with you, but the words died on his lips. Instead, he said, "Take care of yourself, okay?" Rey nodded and smiled. "Of course." Then she was gone. Poe stepped back and shielded his eyes as the Millennium Falcon started her launch sequence. A small crowd had assembled, waving and cheering. Somehow, Poe couldn't bring himself to share their enthusiasm. He had the sinking feeling that he was losing something important. Poe was halfway back to the medbay when it happened. A sudden pain, sharp and swift, bolted through his head like lightning. "Hurry, Poe!" "Run!" "They're coming — " Images flashed across his mind, and Poe stumbled into a restroom. He suddenly felt as though he were about to throw up. — it's dark and stormy — — someone screams — "Get to the ships!" — his heart pounds in fear — Another splitting headache shot through him, and he pressed both hands to the sides of his head. Luckily, the restroom was deserted. Hurriedly, he locked himself inside a stall and sank down against the far wall. — a blood-red lightsaber flashes — — someone beside him screams as they are brutally stabbed — "Come on, Poe!" "Take my hand!" — but he's too late — — and suddenly, everything explodes all around him — Claustrophobia hit him like a blaster bolt, and Poe felt like the restroom walls were closing in on him. Shakily, he tried to stand. Distantly, he heard the sound of running water, as though all the faucets had been turned on. — lightsabers ignite, one by one — "Leave the others, this one's mine — " "Stay close!" — blurs of light and sparks — — a scream — "Wake up, please, come on, wake up —" Poe squeezed his eyes shut. Come one, come on, he thought to himself. You just blew up a kriffing planet. You can get over a headache. Abruptly, some unknowable energy overtook him, and his vision turned white. Voices echoed in his mind, almost — almost reverently. The pain in his head was gone, replaced by overwhelming power. Poe fought for breath, his senses overflowing with the whiteness. Something inside of him seemed to snap, and he fell to the restroom floor, lights flickering off and on above him. The lights settled for off. Poe rose to his feet uncertainly. What had happened He squinted at his hands in the dark. Nothing felt out of place. Slowly, he made it to the door. One of the emergency sprinklers decided to activate, lightly soaking his hair and clothes. Poe exhaled softly and exited the restroom. When met with questioning glances and funny looks, he merely said, "Power outage." Poe collapsed in his bunk the minute he got back to his dorm. Only then did he realize that he'd completely forgotten to check on Finn. The relentless pounding behind his eyes, however, convinced him to stay put. "Stang," Poe cursed, hugging a pillow over his chest. He wasn't sure if taking a painkiller was a good idea or not. It was just a headache, right? It sure as hell wasn't a normal headache. Poe tried to make sense of his vision. It had been raining, and he had been running. Running . . . from what? He took a deep breath and concentrated. There had been other beings, equipped with . . . lightsabers? Poe shook his head. That made no sense. There weren't any Jedi left in the galaxy, and he sure wasn't one of them. Besides, I would have known, right? Too tired to think any further, Poe Dameron sank into a deep and dark sleep. When he came to, it was already dark. His dorm lights had automatically been switched off, and the chrono on his desk read 02:44. Poe rubbed his eyes and turned on the lights, adjusting them so they were a bit dim. Am I dreaming? Someone'd had the good graces to put BB-8 in his recharging station, and the droid had been left in sleep mode. Probably Snap or Leia. He made a mental note to thank them later. Poe stood and stretched. He wasn't quite sure he wanted to go back to sleep just yet. He glanced around warily. Something didn't feel right . . . A soft knock nearly made him jump. The knock came again - a pattern, Poe realized. Thump, thump, thump . . . tha-thump . . . thump, thump, thump . . . tha-thump . . . No. It couldn't be. Poe grabbed a blaster pistol from one of his desk drawers and cocked it. Thump, thump, thump . . . tha-thump . . . Slowly, he made his way to the door. Blaster at the ready, he pressed a sequence in the control panel, and the door slid open. A hooded figure was leaning against the doorframe, barely able to stand. Poe couldn't see the figure's face, but he could hear its labored breathing. "Who are you?" Poe hissed, pointing the blaster at the figure. "Whaddaya want?" "Poe . . ." The figure shakily raised a gloved hand and removed its hood. "Please . . . help me . . ." Poe dropped his blaster. Even in the dim light, that face was unmistakable. That face, that voice, that knock . . . "Ben?!" Notes: Alright, here comes another chapter! Sorry to leave y'all on a cliffhanger like that; I'll try to write more this week :D