FN-2187 had never killed a living person; that much he could be thankful for. What he did was called sanitation. Cleaning things up, taking care of messes. And most of time, they were messes, after Kylo Ren was finished with them. It had been the General’s idea. The process was this: burn the bodies, no matter how human they still looked in the end,flame the area-General Hux didn’t like leaving a trail, and he often called Ren’s dramatic need to leave a mark on every planet in the galaxy ‘distasteful’- and dispose of the remains. There was- well, FN-2187 suppose you could call it a cemetery, but it looked more like a dump, on the north side of Starkiller Base. FN-2187 and his team would haul the ashes out there in a 101-C. Well most of them anyway. PJ-4169 was his team lead, and she would always take a small portion of the ashes and take them somewhere else. Some containment room, FN-2187 reckoned. He asked once, but the Captain had been around, and had made it very clear that it was none of his business. When the Starkiller’s preliminary mechanics had been built, the General had recruited members to oversee its effectiveness with sun power. PJ-4169 was promoted, and the Captain had plainly told Fn-2187 that he would be taking over her extra duties. After all, FN-2187, as much as Phasma was loathe to admit it, was the best. It was a simple mission to Hevurion to take care of a corrupt official. FN-2187 did not leave his ship until Lord Ren had already flown away on his. He noted the state of the rebel; female, approximately in her 30s, light saber wound to the chest. FN-2187 called his team and began with the sanitation. When they arrived on Starkiller Base, Captain Phasma cornered FN-2187. “You will be taking over all of PJ-4169′s duties,” she instructed. “Please gather a small portion of the sanitized product before, and carry them to Wing 7, Room 523. FN-2187 always followed orders. He had never been to Wing 7. All the Stormtroopers were lodged in Wing 23. The lower wings were reserved for the higher ups, like the General, maybe even the Captain. There was a stormtrooper guarding the room. “Please state your identification code and purpose,” she said. “FN-2187. Direct orders to bring sanitized product to this room” The door clicked open for him, and FN-2187 walked inside. The room was bare, the epitome of standard First Order recoration. There was a bed- an actual bed, not a bunk like FN-2187 was so used to. And in the middle of the room- In the middle of the room, a round table, filled to the brim with ashes. As if in a trance, FN-2187, opened up the box, and poured the sanitized product- no, the remains, the remains of a woman who had died trying to protect her planet from- From us. He poured, and he poured. And when it was done, he left, went to the bath hall, took off his helmet, and cried. That isn’t to say that he stopped doing it. For one year, FN-2187 cleaned up the bodies of Lord Ren’s victims, and carried their ashes to that room, which he soon found out belonged to Ren himself, and added their bodies to the- to the collection. The thought made him sick. One day, Captain PHasma approached him. “You have proved yourself loyal,” she said. “You will be accompanying a mission to Jakku tomorrow at 19:00 as part of an armed unit.” FN-2187 studied the gleam of her armor, impenetrable as always. He wondered if Captain Phasma had once had a family who now lay in the pile of ashes that belonged to Kylo Ren. He wondered if he did. FN-2187 said “yes.” He didn’t say what he really meant: You will never make me kill for you. _ _ _ Weeks later, FN-2187 was Finn, and when Han Solo turned to him and asked, “What was your job when you were based here?” Finn replied, “Sanitation,” and in the icy cold of Starkiller base, with death looming over them like the waning sun in sky, Finn could pretend that it wasn’t a lie.