Duke's time travel stuff The strange Sex life of Duke Buywalker Chapter 1: Duke's time travel stuff Duke Buywalker was a weirdo stranger on Tatooine. He lived next to a dude called Luke Skywalker who when on a journey with some old dude. But little did Duke know was that he would have a adventure of his own... A really strange one... So one day he was in the Dune Sea. Punching sand people in the dick. He loved doing it all day. Then after punching them, he when back home. Then his home was gone, and only a time machine in it's place. So he walked up to it, and opened the door... And he pressed on random buttons... It took him to the Clone Wars. He saw tons of Jedi slicing up dudes for fun. His dong expanded after seeing Female Jedi. He thought someone could train him to be swag and cool like Jedi's. Then he had an idea. If he kept switched masters he could fuck every female Jedi in the galaxy! So he walked over to a bunch of jedi's, that were slicing up clones just said, Can anyone train me? A male jedi said sure. Duke grabbed that dudes lightsaber and chopped his dick off. "I can't piss anymore thanks to you shithead." He said. Duke said, Only female, i hate bro Jedi's. Then a voice said YES! It was Ahsoka! Duke looked like a drunk dude and yelled with joy. But... Ahsoka was only 14, Duke was 27. That was wrong... But Duke remembered that she was taught by Fuckin Aniakin Skywalker! He is a badass! So Duke said yes... It was the beginning of... Hell. Guys, rate this, review and comment, vote in this poll if Ahsoka will die by Duke or die a mystery way... Guys, the other chapters will be much longer. Chapter 2 : There's been a awakening... Summary: It continues... The strange sex life of Duke Buywalker Chapter 2: There's been a awakening... Snoke was a old Alien who knew too much about the Sith. He could teach people to be Sith without being one... He could... Cheat death... Oh how he fooled his old apprentice, Darth Sidious. Snoke's former name, Darth Plagueis... Speaking that name made people tremble in fear... He wanted that power back. So he when't back in time to shatter and destroy the good in the past. But this time machine he used didn't effect the future... So he destroyed some guy's home out of anger and put the time machine there. But when he came back, it was gone. He felt a awakening... That something horrible has happened... He felt the explosion of the first Death Star, he never saw the Death Star. But he knew what it was. Snoke was mad. He walked outside and started to kill everyone in sight... But he got tired of mindlessly killing people. Soon, he had a vision. A vision of a young Togruta teaching a overweight dude.. He knew that someone when't to the Clone wars, And he had to get there. Even if it mean't teaming up with someone that tried to kill you. Chapter 3 : Duke loses his virginity... And his master Summary: wow Notes: WARNING, THERE IS A LEMON IN THIS CHAPTER!!! The Strange Sex life of Duke Buywalker Chapter 3: Duke loses his virginity... And his master LEMON UP AHEAD! Duke and Ahsoka have been training for a day. Duke remembered the plan and said "Ahsoka, do you know what Sex is?" Ahsoka reponded, "Yes, but i've never done it before." Ahsoka made a frown. Duke smiled and said, Wanna do it?" It breaks the Jedi Code, Duke." Ahsoka said, worried. Duke took off his clothes and jumped on her and kissed her. She had a surprised and sexy look on her face. Ahsoka got off the bed and took off her clothes. Duke's dick expanded after seeing her naked. He laid down on the bed and said, Suck my cock Master. Ahsoka got on the bed and started sucking Duke's dick. Duke loved it and told Ahsoka to go deeper. Damn, well she did. Duke cummed on the floor. Then they put on their clothes and kissed. Duke grabbed his lightsaber and stabbed Ahsoka in the heart. LEMON OVER! Duke kicked her dead body and got in the time machine to find someone else. But the time machine was broken. A wrinkly old alien appeared out of it and force choked Duke and pushed him to the ground. A guy in a cloak was following that ailen. The ailen said, "The name is Darth Plagueis... Duke screamed and ran away from him, but the cloaked guy shocked him with lightning. "Great job, Darth Sidious..." Snoke said.