Disclaimer: I don't own these characters and am not profiting on Lucasfilm's IP in any way. This is innocent fandom fun. An erratic, high-pitched whistle rung through the halls of the small garden cottage in which Rey lived. Her tea was ready. She was relieved to have a reason to set down her cross-stitch and the young woman wasted no time in gathering the hem of her dress, careful not to trip as she hurried to the kitchenette. She pulled the iron teapot from the stovetop with one hand and reached for a teacup with the other- and there weren't many to choose from, so she had no trouble in deciding which to use. Her dwelling was a humble one. She found the yellow wallpaper in the sitting area disagreeable and she wished the windows faced west for better light in the evenings, but her complaints were shallow and she didn't hold them close to her heart. She was grateful to have a home. The Earth had not yet made a full turn around the sun since Lady Organa had taken her in and given her a home. She was permitted to live in the garden cottage in exchange for ensuring its upkeep, as well as the general grounds-keeping of the estate- Doe Park, it was called. It was a grandiose hall with towering stone walls and many windows that gazed out onto a vast acreage. The engagement worked out well. Lady Organa was rarely home and Rey spent most of her time at home in solitude, refining her artistic accomplishments and reading about politics. She was fascinated by other countries and cultures and it was her dream to venture overseas one day. Lady Organa was as accomplished a woman as Rey had ever seen, though her reputation in England said otherwise. She was criticized among high society for having married well beneath her class, and for no longer knowing the whereabouts of her husband. It had been several years since he'd returned to Germany without a word and as far as Rey knew, Lady Organa hadn't seen or heard from him since. Rey suspected the real root of the Lady's reputation to be that she wasn't English by birth and that she'd been viewed as a black sheep from the start; or at least, that's what loose lips in the village pub liked to say. Her patroness was the daughter of a wealthy American politician who'd since passed away, but not before leaving her his fortune. She had a brother somewhere, she said, but he'd disappeared on Eastern tides to pursue a monkish lifestyle as soon as he'd come of age. That left one more family member- a son. Rey knew almost nothing about him, and neither did anybody else. Lady Organa never talked about him. There were rumors that he'd left for America years ago to pursue his grandfather's legacy, but again, those were rumors and Rey had learned full and well to be skeptical of what she heard uttered by the tongues of the villagers. It was almost as taboo a subject as the disappearance of Lady Organa's husband; which was why the town had been so astir as of late. Rumor also had it that her son was coming home and that Lady Organa would be hosting a ball to celebrate. Rey almost didn't believe it. The patroness hadn't hosted a ball in the eleven months since she'd lived on the estate and certainly didn't strike Rey as social. But she had seen a carriage arrive through the Eastern gate that morning. She'd also seen that the butler- Dameron, he was called- had required six footmen to carry all of the goods inside. Six . And Rey had spent enough time in the tavern to recognize the shipment as boxes of spirits. Lady Organa liked her brandy, but Rey was very doubtful that she intended to drink sixty-some odd boxfuls by herself. The mystery had intensified earlier that morning when the village florist had stopped by her cottage, offering his decorating services if Her Ladyship required candle lighting and flower arrangements for the party. She turned to look at herself in the full-length, wood-framed mirror that stood in the corner of her sitting room. A ball , she thought to herself as she thumbed with the champagne fabric of her dress. Its empire waistline was flattering on her slender frame, though Rey's aesthetic was rather plain. Her hair was twisted into a bun at the back of her head and though the trim of her dress was wide at the shoulders, her neck was lacking in jewelry. She didn't have any. If her parents had left her with anything when they'd decided to orphan her, she would have sold it by now. It had been a rough life for her and the callouses on her hands were merely a taste of the hardness she'd endured. But things were better now. Better than they'd ever been, and as best as they would ever be. She could never want for more; not when she'd come from so little. Just then, she heard the clopping of horse hooves falling heavy on the gravel pathway that led to the house and she hurried to the sitting room window to peak outside into the summer morning. Clydesdales . Her patroness was home. Rey darted to the entrance of the cottage and snatched her bonnet from its place before rushing out the door and into the green English lawn. She chased after the carriage, counting eight massive geldings as she flew across the gardens in her dress, hem pulled high over her work boots. She waved her bonnet in the air above her head, signaling for the Lady's attention and she must have caught it because she heard the driver shout something to the horses and soon the carriage had stopped. A window in the side of its frame popped open, and there was Lady Organa, leaning out the side with a tart smile on her face. Her dress was the color of mustard and her large matching bonnet looked more like a cornucopia than an accessory, but Rey could see the Lady's familiar braids peeking out from underneath. She caught up to the carriage while also catching her breath and came to a stop below the window. "Your Ladyship," Rey breathed. "Welcome back." "Thank you, Rey. What brings you out of your cottage in such a hurry?" The patroness questioned with a quirked brow and an American accent. It was unordinary, Rey realized, for her to do such a thing and she gave herself a mental scolding for letting the excitement about the ball get to her head. "Mr. Threepio, from town," Rey explained. "He wanted me to inform you that he's offered you his services, should you need any…er, floral decorations or arrangements in the coming weeks." "All of this effort over some flowers?" The patroness quipped, struggling to hide her amusement. "So the secret's out, is it? I've never understood why the entire countryside descends into chaos at the mention of a ball, but tell him that I'm happy to accept his offer. Now where does that leave you, Rey?" "Me?" Rey responded, frowning in confusion. "I'll inform—" "Not the flowers. The ball. Have you a dress?" "A dress?" Rey uttered. "You may not have been to a ball before, but I would think you would know that it's customary to wear a gown," Lady Organa teased. Then before Rey could respond, she said, "If you give me your word that Doe Park will be more breathtaking than any estate in the region on the night of the ball, I will return the favor with a few extra pounds. I'm certain many of the shops in town have already put in their shipment orders." Then she winked at Rey while simultaneously ordering the driver to proceed, and was gone. "Go to the ball?" Rey's frown deepened as she spoke aloud to herself, standing dumbstruck in the estate driveway. The following weeks passed by in a blur. Mostly because Rey was very busy preparing the estate for the ball, but also because she spent many of her waking moments trapped in her own head, daydreaming about the gala and wondering what it would be like. She thought about it too much, she knew, and for this she reprimanded herself. Rey's past had taught her that she should be very careful in the expectations she set, should she be disappointed and she did her best to contain her excitement for this reason. However, when the day before the ball arrived, the spark of excitement within her was beginning to blaze. She and Mr. Threepio had transformed the estate's façade and interior into something reminiscent of a fairytale. They'd lined the carriage drive with more paper lanterns than Rey could count and the entrance to the house had been lined with an intricate summer garland, which was inlaid with bulb flowers of all different shades. Ropes of baby's breath had been wreathed around the stairway bannisters and ribbons of pearls hung from the chandeliers. In the dining room, Dameron had seen to it that the estate's finest china lined the long, mahogany dining table and that the silver candelabras on its surface were polished. Even the piano forte- which Rey was sure Lady Organa had never touched- was glistening when they were finished; every speck of dust swept away. It was only after they'd finished that Rey allowed her thoughts to drift towards ball gowns and hair accessories. She'd never dressed herself with the intention of looking pretty before- never in her life, and she had no idea where to start. All of her dresses were plain, sensible and practical. But she knew that wouldn't do. No, she would have to go into town and purchase something more imposing. Gowns were expensive, she knew, but she'd received her allowance yesterday and Lady Organa had given her plenty more than a few extra pounds. So it was on that morning the day before the ball that Rey made her way down the country dirt road into town. It was a busy day in town that morning and Rey became quickly overwhelmed by the swaths of people. She was used to her solitary life and she avoided crowds when she could, keeping her eyes down and her mouth shut so she wouldn't fall into trouble. That life was behind her. It was for this reason she decided to duck into Mr. Yoda's bookshop on the square. That, and also because she was eager to discover the new reading material that awaited her now that she had some change to spare. It was a quiet, mildewed sort of place with dusty brown shelves and a low ceiling and Rey couldn't get enough of its atmosphere. If there was one thing that had been constant in Rey's life, it was the scent of antiquated books and the feel of her fingers on stiff parchment. Mr. Yoda was a small, elderly sort of man with a sparkle in his eye and a mysterious sense of humor that Rey found comforting for reasons unknown. He gave Rey a coy smile and a nod when she walked in, but then allowed her to venture to the nonfiction section undisturbed. She perused the shelves for a while, eyeing the titles and thumbing over the spines of works she had already read. Most of them , she thought as she smiled to herself. Then, her eyes landed on a book with a turquoise cover that she hadn't seen before: The English Preservation of India . She pulled it from its place on the shelf to examine it, flipping to the title page and eyeing the watermarks on its pages. "You don't want to read that one," an American voice spoke from behind her, making her jump. Rey snapped the book shut and whipped around. It was a man she didn't recognize. Rey frowned, looking him over. The town was small and rural and it was rare that she encountered people she'd never seen before; and even less frequent that they spoke to her. He looked older than her, but not by much. He had a long, slender face and black hair to his shoulders that was swept over his forehead and out of his dark, glinting eyes. He also had almost a foot on her in height. He was clad in strange, military-esque garb though it lacked the red fabric she was used to seeing in England. Instead, his was a dark shade of gray and he wore a black cloak around his shoulders. His pants were tucked into shiny black boots and Rey noted that he appeared to come from a class several rungs above hers. Suddenly, she felt self-conscious about the modest smock she wore. "And why not?" Rey asked, finding her voice after a moment of silence. "Because you're in England," he responded as if it were obvious, taking a step closer to her and she noted the way his eyes flickered over her form. "What has that got to do with anything?" She retorted, fingers wrapped tightly around the book. "Everything," he replied. "An English book about English colonialism won't tell you the truth. It'll only tell you what it wants you to believe." His voice was low and held a note of urgency that Rey found to be both unsettling and intriguing. "Says the American," she quipped. He didn't say anything, but the corners of his lips turned upward with a hint of a smirk as he stood there, examining her face with his head tilted slightly to the side. A flush began to creep over her cheeks as he looked at her, though she was helpless to do anything other than stare back. And the longer she looked at him, the more she realized just how handsome he was. His features were unique to be certain, but there was something very striking and elegant about the curve of his cheekbones and the prominence of his nose and the resting pout of his lips. He even had beauty marks littering his cheeks and mouth. "What does a woman of your standing know about politics?" He asked, breaking the silence though the tension between them remained. Rey's mouth popped open, reacting to the insolence of his comment. "Quite a bit, thank you," she snapped. "And what do you mean 'a woman of my standing'? You know nothing about me." She tilted her chin upward, hardening herself. She'd been called many things in her life, but his words had a particular stinging effect. His eyes flashed with amusement. "You come from a common background. That much is obvious. You have few close friends, if any at all, but you yearn for such affections and so you seek them out in books. You're unsatisfied with your life. You find it boring, but you'd never admit it to yourself- should you come across as ungrateful. But you're inherently curious, which is why we're standing here in the nonfiction section of the local bookshop, talking about English politics," he rambled, his eyes searching hers for confirmation of his assertions. She was shocked, and her silence was all he needed to know he was right. And he was; about all of it. He seemed to relax and his features settled into a look of smug content. "I might be common," she said in a biting tone, "but at least I'm not arrogant." He narrowed his eyes, and she was surprised by the recoil in his expression. Had her insult actually affected him? "But I am right," he said, his tone rhetorical. Rey was glowering. Instead of responding, she shoved the book back into its place on the shelf and shoved past him. Her pace was brisk as she navigated her way out of the shop and back out into the street where she found she was able to breathe again, despite the crowd. Insolent man , she thought, storming her way to the gown retailer. He was right. But how could he know so much about her, having seen so little? And he was so rude . How American of him, she thought. Lady Organa could be uncouth at times, but never to such an extent. When she burst through the door of the retail storefront, she was in a bad mood. She had no patience for the hens that were taking up space in the shop, eyeing the bonnets and ribbons and she decided that she would make her exit as quickly as possible. It didn't take her long to find a simple evening gown that would do. It was the color of sand, with a fashionable empire waistline and a deep brown sash to tie around her waist. The chest was cut a little low for her taste, but she figured they would all be like that and every other gown she saw was too gaudy. So she wasted no more time in having the gown trimmed and fitted to her form, though it seemed to take ages for them to finish. The entire time, she couldn't help but replay the conversation with the stranger in her mind and she lay awake that night, unsettled by his words. Finally, the evening of the ball had arrived. Rey sat alone in her cottage at her vanity, having just fastened the last button of her gown and she had yet to style her hair. She was used to wearing it in her simple bun, though she knew that wouldn't suffice for the evening. She twirled a brunette lock between her fingers, eyeing her reflection. Why did it even matter? None of the suitors at the gala would notice her; they'd all be leagues above her class, and there would be plenty of eligible bachelorettes in the county with adequate social standing in attendance. If she was lucky, there would be a footman or two seeking a dance partner. And she liked Dameron. He was a busy man, but she very much enjoyed their conversations when they happened and she hoped he would have time to chat over some punch at some point in the evening. She shrugged and decided to she would twist her hair into a simple crown braid. It didn't take long, and when she finished she stepped out into the garden to pluck some seafoam statice with which to ornament the braid. She cursed when she realized she'd let her hem fall in the mud, having accidentally stepped off of the stone pathway in the dark. Then she returned to her vanity and began to weave the purple flower buds into her braid. Finally, she slipped on a pair of white, elbow-length gloves and for once in her life, she wished she owned a necklace. When she looked into the mirror, she hardly recognized herself. I could almost pass for a lady , she mused, tucking a stray hair into place. She was ready. She'd heard carriages arriving through the gate outside of her cottage for some time now, so she decided it was time to make her way up the drive to the estate. The lanterns were glowing with orange candlelight and they guided her way as she walked under the starry sky, careful to stay out of the way of the carriages as they passed. Her racing heartbeat betrayed her excitement as she walked, and she finally allowed her hopes to rise. A ball , she thought. I'd never even dreamed of attending one . She was the only one to arrive on foot. Thankfully, she knew some of the footmen and her arrival didn't furnish any questions- although they looked at her in a strange way that caused her to cross her arms over her chest. She suddenly felt uncomfortable in the gown. "Rey, is that you?" One of the footmen greeted her with a jovial smile. His name was Finn. They got along exceedingly well and he managed to bring a smile to her face every time they spoke. "You look exceptional," he added, extending his arm to her to escort her inside. "Really, it's not too much?" Rey answered, uneasy. She looked down and noted that her hem had caught some more dust from the walk up the drive. Oh well , she mused. "Not in the least," he assured as they walked up the steps. "And between you and me, you're more amiable than any of the ladies I've greeted tonight." Rey flushed, feeling more at ease in an instant. At times, she'd considered the romantic potential between herself and Finn. But their chemistry felt much more like friendship; in fact, he was the only person in the world she truly considered to be her friend . Besides, she suspected he had eyes for Dameron, although she would never mention it to him for fear of exposing his secret. The consequences of anyone finding out could be devastating. "There you are," he said, opening the front door for her and letting her inside. Then he turned on his heel and headed back down the steps to greet the rest of the guests. The decorations she and Mr. Threepio had organized looked even more stunning against an evening backdrop and already, the house was filled with noble gentry. Rey stood on her toes, attempting to catch a glimpse of Lady Organa, but she was nowhere in sight. So instead, she opted to meander her way through the sea of bodies into the sitting room where she knew the punch would be found. She found it almost immediately, contained in a polished silver bowl and sitting on a table beneath a chandelier dripping with ribbons and pearls. She helped herself to a crystal chalice and began to scoop the alcoholic refreshment into her cup, listening to the conversations around her as she did. It was cigar talk for the most part, accompanied by the occasional chatter about which of the men were the most handsome and how many pounds they took home each year. She turned to face the party and brought the chalice to her lips, drinking in a sip and her environment simultaneously as she leaned her back against the table behind her. "Oh Rey, I'm thrilled that you were able to attend," Lady Organa's voice came from her right and Rey started. "Wouldn't miss it, Your Ladyship," Rey obliged. "Are you satisfied with the décor?" "It's breathtaking. And ostentatious enough for this crowd, which is all that really matters, hm?" She jested, smirking. Then, a thought occurred to her. "You haven't met my son yet, have you?" Rey's eyes widened. She'd entirely forgotten the reasoning behind the event and she realized that until this very moment, she'd hardly believed that Lady Organa had a son at all. Rey shook her head. "Take a turn with me, I'll introduce you," the patroness insisted as she hooked her arm through Rey's and began to steer her through the crowd of nobility. Once again, Rey obliged her. She would never say no to one of Lady Organa's requests, despite how demanding she could be at times. They had rounded a corner and Rey was in the process of gulping down another sip of punch when her eyes locked with a dark, familiar gaze across the room. She nearly spit out her drink. But Lady Organa kept steering her forward and Rey wondered how she'd managed to keep walking without tripping over her dress and if her patroness had noticed. They came to a stop in front of him and Rey's stomach lurched. "Rey, I'd like you to meet my son, Ben," Lady Organa stated. "Ben, this is Rey. She's my groundskeeper and the one responsible for making my home look so beautiful this evening." Rey was stupefied. They stood there, looking at each other with eyes locked for a long moment and something that looked like amusement flashed across his features before he finally spoke, stoic again. "It's a pleasure," he said in an indistinguishable tone, taking Rey's gloved hand from his mother and gently pressing his lips to the back of it. As he did so, his eyes flickered up to meet Rey's once more and she suddenly felt as though her heart had skipped a beat. Her mouth hung open for a moment before she realized she hadn't said anything. "I've heard so much about you," Rey replied, trying to mask her smirk. She could play his game. As soon as the words left her mouth, she noted a subtle yet uncomfortable shift in his features. "I'd be interested to learn if there's any truth to the rumors," he shot back, sounding coy as he dropped her hand. Rey couldn't stop herself from looking him over and as she did so, she gulped down another sip of punch. He looked even more striking in the black suit he wore now, complete with starched white collar and a gray sash around his neck to tie it. He made her feel nervous, she realized with scorn. Look at him , she told herself. He's just like the rest of them. Full of himself . Pretentious. Condescending. Still, she was unable to unwind the knot that had formed in her stomach. "I should hope not," she said with belligerent nonchalance. Ben's brow furrowed, but they were interrupted by another presence before he could reply. "Things are going well," Dameron stated more to Lady Organa than anyone else, wiping sweat from his brow. Otherwise, he looked immaculate in his freshly pressed tailcoat and white gloves. "For some," she teased in a wry tone, glancing to her son. "It seems Ben's reputation has preceded him. I shouldn't be surprised." "Oh?" Dameron inquired, looking between Rey and Ben with a frown. "Nothing too harsh, I hope. We haven't seen the young master in a while, but I can't imagine he's changed too much?" Dameron's inquisitive gaze settled on Ben, but he was staring at Rey and she shifted uncomfortably under the weight of his attention. "It's so good to see you, Dameron," Rey managed in an attempt to deflect Ben's attention away from herself. But instead, she saw him purse his lips in her peripherals. He saw right through her tactics. Why is he so interested ? She thought to herself, panic rising in her veins. Why am I letting it get to me? Despite herself, she couldn't help but steal another glance at him. He was very, very good-looking. "I should have said so sooner, Rey," Dameron grinned. "Will you forgive me and allow me to have the next dance?" Rey flushed and then ducked her head in a shallow curtsy. "I'd like that very much, though you'll have to bear with me. I've never been to a ball before and I'm not much for dancing," she replied. She dared not look at Ben's face. "I'm honored," Dameron replied. "So long as the Lady doesn't mind me neglecting my duties for one dance," he added, shooting a glance at Lady Organa. She nodded, not minding at all. She wasn't one for stuffy nobility dynamics and her management methods were unconventional to say the least. As soon as permission was given, Dameron swept Rey away to the dance floor, leaving Lady Organa and her son behind. Rey was better than she thought she would be at dancing. Of course, it helped to have couples on either side of her performing the same dance because she could follow along from watching them. The piano was upbeat and genial, as was the atmosphere of the room. Rey could see pinkness creeping over the guests' cheeks from the punch and in her own perception, the walls seemed softer than they'd been when she'd arrived. She and Dameron faced each other, palms pressed against each other's as they skipped to their marks before each twirled outward in an opposite fashion around the couple behind them, and then meeting again in the center. It wasn't a dance she was familiar with, but she was learning it quickly enough. Is this what it's like? She wondered. To be noble? How many more dances were there to be learned? Before long, the dance had ended and Dameron was leaving her to return to his duties of managing the party. Rey helped herself to another cup of punch and took a seat in one of the opulent armchairs that lined the room, catching her breath. Dancing took more energy than she'd realized. She was looking down at what remained of her drink, swirling its contents in the chalice when a pair of black leather boots appeared in front of her. Her eyes widened. It was him. And he was looking down at her with an indecipherable expression. She gasped. "Do you have a partner for the next dance?" He asked, extending a hand to her. Her heart had seized in her chest. Her brain was too muddled to think, so she simply said, "No." "Will you do me the honor?" He pressed, eyeing the way she was staring at his open hand. "Of course," she murmured, slipping her hand into his as if her body were moving of its own accord. His palm was warm and there was something about the way his thumb lay across the rest of her fingers that made her skin tingle. When they reached the dancefloor, he turned to her, lacing his fingers in between hers and placing his other hand at her waist. The tempo of the piano had slowed significantly since her dance with Dameron, into a low tune that was both calm and compelling at the same time. She hesitated before slipping her other arm around his neck and was shocked when he pulled her closer to him. They followed the rhythm like that for a while without saying anything, with her looking past his shoulder and him looking over her head. He was so very near. Then his grip at her waist seemed to tighten. "What do you think about me?" He asked, leaning back to look into her eyes. "What do I think about you?" She repeated, startled by the question and surprised by the sudden intimacy that had formed between them. She hardly knew him. He looked at her, waiting for an answer. "I don't know you," she said, repeating her thoughts. He frowned. "That's not true," he replied. "Of course it's true. I met you only yesterday, and under very strange circumstances. I don't know anything about you other than your name," she answered. Then he leaned in close, lips against her ear. "There's a difference between knowing someone and knowing about someone," he whispered, hand sliding from her waist to the small of her back. Rey's breath began to quicken and her heart hadn't stopped thundering from the moment she'd stood up with him. "What do you mean?" She whispered back, placing her chin on his shoulder. "There's something between us," he answered. "I know you feel it too." Her eyes widened, but she didn't say anything. Instead, she bit down hard on her bottom lip. "It was true, wasn't it? Everything I said to you in the bookstore," he continued, his voice a low baritone. Again, she didn't answer and again, he knew he was right. They were moving into uncharted territory and Rey tightened her hold on him as if to stabilize herself. She could feel his heartbeat against her chest and his breath against her ear. They danced like that for a while, moving slowly with the atmosphere of the room and moving towards each other all the same. His hand felt hot against her back and fire was building in her veins. Then, as if he'd read her mind, he tugged on her hand and pulled her with him as he guided her off the dance floor. He led her away from the party, down a dim and empty corridor to the other side of the house; a house that he knew from childhood. They stopped at a pair of doors and she could almost taste his urgency as he fumbled with the lock on the handle before he was finally able to push them open and pull her onto the balcony outside. She gasped as he pushed her up against the outside wall of the house, lacing both of his hands together with hers and holding them to either side of her head. The look in his eyes was primal, hungry as he met her gaze and then looked down to her lips. She could feel his breath on her cheeks and feel his need in the way he gripped her. Then she slipped her hands out of his grasp, reaching them around the back of his head and grabbing fistfuls of his hair as she pulled his mouth to hers. She'd never been kissed before and she sighed at the feeling of his soft, wanting lips against her own. It was slow at first, but deepened as the seconds passed. He tugged at her hair, pulling her into him and reached a hand around her waist to pull her closer still. He nibbled at her bottom lip, eliciting a gasp from her and when her mouth opened, he slid his tongue inside, crushing her against him. She could feel him hard against her thigh. She'd never been wanted before. Not by anyone; not really. And the idea was both intoxicating and terrifying. She was afraid of wanting without being wanted in return. That was how her life had always been, until she'd taught herself not to want. But now she wanted. Wanted him, all of him. And it was terrifying. They were worlds apart. He came from nobility and she was a nobody. Rey broke away, leaning her head against the wall to look into his smoldering eyes. "What's the matter?" He breathed, cupping her cheek in his hand. His cheeks were flushed and his hair was disheveled. "We should return to the party," she uttered, straightening her gown. "I could lose my job if your mother finds us out here." His features hardened, but he nodded. Then he leaned forward to brush his lips against hers once more, hand still cupped against her cheek and Rey sighed in bliss. After one more wanting moment, they straightened themselves out and headed back inside to the party. When they returned to the ball, Rey realized she wasn't feeling well. She was drowning in bliss, drunk on punch and physically exhausted. So she took the first opportunity she saw to slip out through the doors and into the moonlit night. She sucked in a deep breath of brisk evening air, steadying herself as she descended the estate steps to the grassy acreage she knew so well. She didn't know if she would ever see him again. Author's Note: Jane Austen has been a part of my life from a young age, so I figured I'd try my hand at an AU. Let me know what you think! Thanks for reading.