Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) TH-8332 smiled as FN-2187 walked into the mess hall. He lit up as he saw her and quickly grabbed his portion of food and sat across from her at their small table near the door. “How was today?” She asked, knowing he had been recently reassigned from sanitation to infantry. He shook his head, his smiling disappearing just slightly. “It was tough. Really intense. I don’t know how I’m going to do in my first battle.” TH reached across the table and gently grabbed his hands. “You’ll be fine. I promise, Twoey.” The old nickname made him smile for a moment. “How do you do it? How do you get into your TIE Fighter day after day knowing…” His voice trailed off, not finishing his thought. But he didn’t need to; she already knew what he was thinking. TH frowned and retracted her hand. They ate in silence and stood together when they were finished. “Come with me,” she whispered, pulling him along a deserted hallway and shoving her way into an empty room. “I need you to listen very closely, Twoey. This will save your life. Okay? Don’t do anything until you’re forced. Don’t let them make a killer out of you, okay?” FN frowned as he watched his longtime friend’s eyes fill with tears. He hadn’t seen her cry since they were both going through the standard Trooper Training almost a decade ago, before she had been selected to be a pilot and he was assigned to sanitation detail. “Don’t let them make you a killer,” she repeated as she wrapped her arms around him in a tight hug. TH had been one of his few friends since he could remember. She had always been effortlessly kind to him and helping through his exams and training. She even lost herself a few points for staying toward the back of the training group to help him through the obstacles on one of the many training courses. If Stormtroopers were allowed to have families, he would have liked to have called TH a sister. She defended him against other troopers, using her status as a pilot to get the others to leave him alone. There was even an instance of her taking a beating for him when he had spectacularly embarrassed a lieutenant. “What’s going on?” FN asked as he watched a tear slide down her cheek in the quiet room. “What’s happened?” She shook her head, her shockingly red hair swishing against the black armor she wore. “They’re just killing everyone. There’s no reason,” her voice was barely a whisper. “I’ve lost track of how many people I’ve shot down or how many times I’ve seen a planet burn.” She curled her small hands around his arms and squeezed and FN was reminded to how strangely strong she was. “You must promise me, they won’t make a killer out of you.” “I promise.” ** TH was going on her eighth night of only getting a couple of hours of sleep. Every time she closed her eyes, she saw the horrors the First Order had inflicted on the galaxy, the horrors she had taken part in. The bags under her eyes were dark and purple and she was halfheartedly thankful for the dark helmet she was forced to wear—no one would question why she looked like death warmed over. Her gunner, EP-6740 didn’t talk much and never seemed to wonder why TH was quiet all the time. As the alarm sounded, telling TH she had once again lost another night to terrible nightmares, she pulled herself out of her small bed just as her bunkmate did. They both dressed for the upcoming day without a word exchanged. That was the Stormtrooper way of life. Get up. Report. Perform. Eat. Train. Sleep. Repeat. Day in and day out, that was what was expected. Once every two weeks, the lower ranked troopers were given a day off which was usually filled with holo-games in the cramped break room or more training. Today, TH-8332 reported to Captain Phasma with EP at her side. “You two will report to the base on Hesperidium. They lost a dozen pilots in the latest skirmish with the Resistance. I’m sending two other pairs to them to relieve their shortage until more pilots can be trained. You have an hour to gather your things.” The silver Trooper handed them both the small datapad with their assignment and clearance badges before dismissing them. The piloting pair walked their separate ways and just as TH was about to reach her quarters, she was tugged into a small closet by FN. His face was covered with sweat and his dark eyes were filled with worry. “FN, what’s wrong?” “They’re sending me out tonight. I’m going down to Jakku with my battalion and Kylo Ren. I’m scared-” TH wrapped her arms around him, their armor clinking together with the sudden impact. “Be brave, FN. Have courage.” That had been a saying between them since their early adolescence. Both of them had whispered it to the other in times of trial or reprimand. It almost became second nature to whisper it to the other before missions or before meetings with commanding officers. TH sighed as she held FN at arm’s length. “I’ve been temporarily transferred.” “What?! No!” He exclaimed. “To Hesperidium. It is only until they have more trained pilots. I’ll be back soon enough. I promise. I just…want you to remember what I said. Don’t let them make you a killer. Wait until you are forced.” FN’s dark eyes pleaded with her own brown ones. “We need to leave. C’mon, you’re a pilot. We can just go, just leave. They won’t catch us.” TH shook her head. “They’ll always catch us. You know that.” FN now wrapped his arms around TH and held her tight. “When you get back, we’re leaving. I don’t care if I have to kidnap you. We’re leaving.” Despite the situation, TH felt a smile push at her lips. FN was full of optimism. She hoped he never lost it. They eventually bid each other good luck before parting. It was easy for TH to pack her meager belongings into a small bag and then report to her hangar. EP arrived shortly after her and they set off toward Hesperidium. It was one of the moons of Coruscant and a former luxury resort that was supposedly favored by Emperor Palpatine before the Fall of the Empire. While the hotels and spas still remained, most of the moon was now occupied by the large, sharp-edged building which comprised the First Order base. It was in a strategic location, according to TH’s datapad, over Coruscant while not actually on the planet. It allowed easier access to the Core Worlds, and of course Coruscant. It had less subspace traffic allowing for quicker take offs and landings. It was also a secret, just like many of the First Order bases besides Starkiller. (And it was whispered that the commanding officers on the base thoroughly enjoyed the remnants of the spas.) Unlike Coruscant, the city-planet, there was still a bit of lush greenery on the moon and it almost made TH smile as she watched it pass by her window. She had been so used to the icy tundra of Starkiller Base, the metal confines of the Finalizer, or only seeing the flora of other planets from her cockpit, that any sort of greenery was a happy sight. EP gave her a questioning look as TH slowed her march just enough to let her gloved fingers slide against the petals of a flower before quickly speeding up again. While the air on the moon was cool and refreshing, they were still blasted with chilled air as they entered the base. The pair handed over their clearance badges and they were instructed to meet with the base commander in his office. After getting vague directions, they set off in the direction the officer pointed, silently hoping he was correct. And it was quickly realized that the directions were less than subpar and TH and EP had to resort to asking a passerby to lead them to the commander’s office. The commander was a broad-chested, blond-haired man with dull brown eyes. “You’re early,” he said in a flat voice. “Which one of you is TH-8332?” “I am, sir,” she said. “I’ve been told by General Hux himself that you are an exceptional pilot.” TH stood still, unprepared for the strange compliment. There must a hidden agenda—there always was with the First Order. “Thank you, sir.” “I expect nothing but the best from you while you are here. Am I clear?” “Crystal, sir,” both TH and EP answered. The door opened behind them just as the commander handed them two new datapads. A younger woman, probably a fresh officer recruit stepped in, ducking her head. “This is your first assignment. Get settled then report to hangar 2. Lieutenant Undel will show you to your quarters. Dismissed.” The both turned and followed the young lieutenant around the base before stopping in front of a pair of nondescript doors. “We’re not to be rooming together?” TH asked. “No,” the lieutenant answered. “The commander believes pilots and gunners function better when given their own space. Please unpack quickly.” She then turned and walked away. EP and TH just looked at each other for a moment. While they weren’t the closest of friends or acquaintances, it was still strange to be away from her. “Well, I guess I’ll see you at the hangar.” “Yeah…I guess.” They both stepped into their rooms. TH was half-surprised to find the quarters not only spacious, but almost comfortable. There was a decent sized bed, a dresser, closet, and her own personal bathroom. And there was a holovid projector in the corner. She would have taken the time to see what kind of reception she got up here but quickly unpacked her belongings and walked back toward the hangar, thankful that there were signs posted at almost every corner, pointing them to hangars and conference rooms and the medical bay. EP was already waiting when TH arrived and they briefly looked back over their datapads, trying to remember their mission. Today, they were to escort an envoy of First Order to Malastare, a resource-rich planet in the Mid-Rim whose ties to the First Order were tenuous at best. The envoy was supposed to bolster the alliance—but TH knew it was probably a scare tactic. Either way, she and EP climbed into their usual TIE Fighter and requested to take off from the command station. When granted, they hovered above the base until the large, gray shuttle finally took off. They were joined by two other TIE Fighters and soon they were off. Pulling out of hyperdrive, EP quickly engaged the blasters, prepared to fire if there was any semblance of a threat. In their briefings, there had been mentions of Malastare’s natives, the Dug and Gran species, plotting to eradicate the First Order’s presence on their planet. So far, nothing had come to fruition but they had been warned that the Dug species were crafty and devious—well, at least according to the briefing. But, thankfully, nothing happened and the small fleet landed without issue. Troopers exited the shuttle first, heavily armed, and were then followed by a small group of officers, and then more troopers. The pilots waited out on the tarmac. As usual, EP only waited a moment before climbing out of the cockpit to stretch her legs. For a gunner, she didn’t particularly care for small spaces which TH found fairly odd. Time passed slowly and TH found herself watching the Dug guards walk back and forth on their patrol. Interacting with other species had always been fascinating for TH and she wished she had more opportunity to do so but the chances she had were few and far between. EP suddenly waved at TH, both arms arcing over her head to gain her attention. She tapped the side of her helmet where her comm link was and TH turned her’s on, she usually turned it off when they were stationary. The chatter from other pilots was grating at best and rage-inducing at worst. “What is it?” “Something’s wrong-” The rest of what she was saying was cut off as a large explosion rocked the hangar and tarmac. EP’s body slammed against the front of the TIE fighter, nearly cracking the front shield. Sirens rang out, blaring as debris crashed and burned in every direction. Bodies were littered about, unmoving and charred. The two other TIE Fighters were damaged but the shuttle seemed to be largely intact. “Get the envoy out!” Someone screamed through the comm link. The envoy and group of troopers, now smaller and bloodier than what they had been when entering, ran back out of the hangar. They disappeared briefly into the cloud of smoke before emerging again, sprinting toward the shuttle. A group of heavily armed Dug and Gran’s followed, shooting at the fleeing group, picking off more and more with each passing second. Thinking quickly, TH switched the TIE to one man controls and fired a series of shots at the top of the hangar, bringing the roof down with a resounding crash atop most of the pursuers. She didn’t stop to check to see if the envoy made it to the shuttle. She engaged the thruster and left, the hyperdrive pressing her into the leather of the seat as she sped back toward the base. When she arrived, she was only partially aware of the fact that the shuttle beat her back. TH landed and climbed out of the cockpit. Her knees buckled for a moment before she slowly walked toward the large building. A high-pitched ringing got progressively louder as she was standing in front of her new quarter’s door. She punched in the door code and the door slid open with a dull hiss. As she put her head on the pillow, the ringing became a screech and she shut her eyes. This happened every time she was sent out. It was as if the galaxy was screaming at her, enraged with the side she had been forced to choose. She had taken more lives today for a cause she didn’t believe in. Flashes of EP’s body slamming against the TIE Fighter pushed at TH’s subconscious. There’d been so much death today. “TH-8332, report to Commander Gregor’s office immediately.” TH rolled off her bed and found her way back to the Commander’s office without much fanfare. One foot in front of the other, on autopilot, she walked through the buzzing halls and knocked. The door opened without hesitation and she stepped inside. Gregor was once again seated behind his desk, browsing through his datapad. His eyes shot up to her and a smile which could only be described as vile spread across his face. “The hero of the moment arrives.” He stood and walked over toward her. A meaty hand clapped her shoulder and TH nearly stumbled under the impact. “You should be very proud of yourself, TH-8332. Every single person on that envoy and security detail owes their life to you. That was quick thinking on your part.” He paused and a childlike pout pushed his thin bottom lip out. “I’m sorry about your gunner.” “Thank you, sir,” she said without feeling. It would be a miracle for her to feel anything before sunrise tomorrow. FN supposed it was a coping mechanism. Her body and mind went into autopilot when she was forced to do her job and to keep her sanity. But she might have thought—just once or twice—that she was now insane. A person shouldn’t be able to shut off her ability to feel at will. Not like this. Not on a regular basis. “I will let it slide that you didn’t immediately report to me just this once, because you managed to save the envoy. But don’t make a habit of it, am I understood?” His hand slipped from her shoulder and his face went back to the blank, curdled milk expression he seemed to carry all the time. “Understood, sir.” “Dismissed,” Gregor said as he turned his back and walked back to his desk. TH left the office and walked back to her small room, ignoring the instinct to look at EP’s door. As the door closed behind her, she felt the familiar sting of bile rising in her throat and she ran to the bathroom to vomit. It was all stomach acid so it burned all the way up. Her eyes watered and she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. Her personal comlink, which she had left in her bag while on the mission, suddenly beeped with an incoming call. TH sluggishly pulled herself to her feet and dug for it as it beeped again. “Hello?” She asked, attaching it to her ear. “T, it’s me.” A stressed, panting voice rang out on the other end of the line. “Twoey?” She instantly recognized his voice. “What’s wrong?” “I-I couldn’t do it. I could pull the trigger even once. I’m being sent to reconditioning. I don’t know what to do-” At the sound of her only friend’s absolute despair, it felt as if TH had been dunked in a tank of ice water. “Twoey, listen to me. I’ve been sent to reconditioning before. Keep your head down, give them the answers you know they want. Fall in line.” She sucked in a breath. “Turn it off. Just for a few days. The fast they think you’ve submitted, the quicker you’ll fall back off the radar.” A sob sounded on the other line. “I can’t… I can’t turn it off like that. I can’t turn my humanity on and off like a switch like you can, TH.” A bitter smile crossed her lips. “It gets easier but I hope you never have to get to this point, Twoey. Just breathe for a moment. I know you can pull through. Push it down.” A stuttered breath was her only answer for a moment. “I can do this.” “You can do this,” she repeated. “I wish you were here,” FN whispered. “I wish I was too.” They were both quiet for a moment. “How’d you get through reconditioning?” He asked. “Just like I told you; I kept my head down and mouth shut except to regurgitate the answers they wanted.” “Right. Okay.” He took in another deep but stuttered breath. “I can do this.” “You can do this,” she affirmed. “But, T, you have to promise me…” he drifted off for a moment before whispering, “we’re going to leave.” TH didn’t want to ruin his dream or to kick him when he was down. But there was no way they would even be able to escape the First Order. Not ever. “Of course. I promise. Have courage, okay, Twoey?” “I’ll call you when I get out.” “Of course.” They said their goodbyes before hanging up and the apathy crept back in. ** It had been a week since the skirmish on Malastare and FN’s call. She hadn’t heard from him but it wasn’t unheard of for some Troopers to be stuck in reconditioning for a month. Because of the loss of EP, TH was largely put on desk duty. She charted maps to planets and systems for other pilots and gave advice to the newer pilots who were filtering in in pairs when she wasn’t giving half-assed flight lessons. Teaching someone how to dodge a barrage of blaster shots wasn’t as fun as it sounds. It was dull and meaningless. The apathy hadn’t left. Every breath, every step, every handshake left her hollow. It did nothing to enliven her at all. She had even heard Lieutenant Undel whispering to another faceless officer that she had “nothing behind her eyes.” TH almost smiled at that. Did the officers, those who willingly took up the mantel of the First Order, honestly think that the Stormtroopers were largely happy with their yoke? Had they disassociated it that much? Didn’t they learn about how they were pulled from families and forced to train? Given a number instead of a name? They were subhuman in the eyes of the governing body of the First Order. Some troopers realized this and some didn’t. But very few acted on it. FN was going to act on it, TH could tell. There had been a desperation in his eyes the last time she saw him and it had only increased when she spoke to him. Th supposed she could have talked to him, tried to reason with him and let him know that there was no escaping the First Order. But why crush his hope? No. She had resolved a long time ago to not be cruel to him. She would let him keep his dream alive. “TH-8332 report to Commander Gregor’s office immediately!” The voice boomed over the intercom, startling TH from her reverie. She pushed herself up from her desk and took the now-familiar route to the Commander’s office. “You called for me, sir?” she asked, stepping into his office. His dull blue eyes once again snapped to her. His already thin lips were pulled into an even thinner line. “You are to report back to Starkiller Base immediately.” “Sir-” “This order came from General Hux himself. Don’t make me repeat myself. You have ten minutes to gather your things.” Starkiller Base wasn’t a welcome sight when TH dropped out of hyperdrive. Her heart was in her throat and her stomach was at her feet as she was cleared for landing. Gently, she set the expensive starship down on the tarmac and she was immediately greeted by two Stormtroopers. “Follow us,” one said. TH followed them through the familiar, nondescript hallways to the large, shining door she knew led to General Hux’s personal office, just off the command bridge. The door slid open after the trooper punched in a code and she unceremoniously pushed inside right before the door slid closed again. “Early, as always. Aren’t you, TH-8332?” Hux asked without looking up from his datapad. TH didn’t answer, knowing Hux hated being interrupted but hated having his rhetorical questions answered more. Hux tossed down his datapad then stared at her, his light eyes boring into her. “You are companions with FN-2187, are you not?” “Yes sir.” Hux stood and walked around his large, metal desk and was soon staring down at her. TH suppressed the urged to gulp and looked up at him, trying to steel herself for whatever was going to happen. “And what was the nature of your relationship?” “Strictly platonic.” “Oh? So there was no fraternization?” Hux quirked an eyebrow. She answered on autopilot. “Of course not, sir. We know the rules and regulations of the First Order are not-” “And what about the rules of leaving your post and helping an enemy escape?” TH felt the confusion wash over her as she frowned. “Sir?” In less than a blink of an eye, Hux had wrapped his large hands around her arms and slammed her into the wall behind her. She grunted when her helmet smacked against the metal but soon that was smacked right off her face. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust but Hux’s pale face was red with fury and his fingers were starting to dig through the fabric of her sleeves. “Tell me where he is!” He yelled. “Sir, I-I don’t kn-know what you’re-” She was cut off as Hux threw her to the ground and landed a swift kick to her ribs. Her next breath came out in a wheeze as she felt the hardware of her pilot’s garb crack under his boot. “You’re lying!” Another kick. “I’m not! I’m not lying!” A metallic bite of blood started to bubble in her throat and mouth as a swift series of kicks were aimed at her stomach and chest. Dark dots started to line her vision as more and more questions were yelled in her direction and more denials fell from her lips. Then, she barely heard the door slide back open and she was unceremoniously hauled to her feet. She was being dragged down a hall by a pair of Stormtroopers. She was soon strapped to an interrogation table and it was cranked up so she could properly see Hux waiting in the doorway. The color had left his face but his eyes were no less angry. “We will get our answers out of you,” Hux said before he returned to his office. Blood was still seeping onto her tongue and her head would have lulled to the side if it wasn’t bracketed by two heavy metal braces. Everything hurt. It came in waves in time with her heart, making her nauseous. Her vision went blurry for a moment, sliding to darkness. ** She was woken up by a batch of ill-scented smelling salts and she nearly retched as her eyes opened wide. The Stormtrooper in front of her stepped back to reveal Commander Kylo Ren. A chill shot down her spine. “I’ve been told you may know some information valuable to the First Order.” “I know…” TH heaved a breath, her ribs aching from Hux’s past assault, “nothing.” She knew she should be scared. Kylo Ren was known for his mystical powers and his violent rages. But TH couldn’t bring herself to care at the moment. She just wanted the pain to stop. “We will see.” He reached out his hand and TH could only scream as she felt him invade her mind. Flashes of memories ran as if being played on a projector—being trained as a pilot, meeting Twoey when they were barely five years old, watching people run for cover from her overhead fire, watching her gunner get killed in front of her, more conversations with Twoey. “Have courage, Twoey. Have courage.” And then, suddenly, the probe stopped. The invisible needle and hammer retracted. TH felt herself slump against her restraints. Her blurred vision sought out Kylo Ren who was gazing down at her through the eye slots in his dark helmet. “You tried to keep him here—to protect him. You knew he would die.” TH could only groan in response. “Fear keeps you here.” TH felt her eyes slipping shut despite the pain still radiating throughout her body. “So much fear…” And darkness thankfully washed over her. ** When TH woke, she was in one of the small cots in the medical bay. Like the rest of the base, it was gray and metallic. She glanced down to see she had been changed out of her busted pilot’s uniform and into one of the standard medical coverings, a one-size-fits-all gray sack which reached her knees. A pressure around her ribs let her know that they had been wrapped—they were probably broken. And, despite all the advanced technology around her, there really wasn’t much anyone could do for broken ribs. Except wait. A droid wheeled its way to her bedside. “Drink.” It forced small glass at TH, filled with a bluish liquid. And it seemed to be smoking. TH grimaced but did as she was told, wincing at the suddenly movement of her arm. The pain, however, dissipated fairly quickly and TH sighed. “Report to General Hux’s office at once,” the droid said before wheeling itself away. TH felt a glimmer of panic course through her. Slowly, TH pushed herself to her feet and pulled on a pair of loose-fitting trousers under the gown that the droid had left behind. Despite the pain killers now coursing through her system, sudden movement still sent a jolt of pain right through her torso. Squaring her shoulders, she left the medical bay and shivered as her feet touched the chilled, metal flooring of the hallway. As quickly as her injuries would allow, she made her way to Hux’s office and knocked. The door slid open and TH was greeted with the familiar sight of Hux at his desk, looking over a datapad. She walked in, just far enough for the door to slide close behind her, and waited. Hux looked up at her. “You wanted to see me, sir?” “Yes. Commander Ren said you had no knowledge of FN-2187’s deception. He has also recommended that you be given time off…” Hux sneered as he stood from his desk, “to give you time to recuperate. You wouldn’t be fucking him, too, would you?” “No, sir. I’m not fucking anyone.” As soon as the words left her mouth, she regretted them. She wasn’t supposed to be sarcastic or rude in anyway shape or form, especially toward commanding officers. That rule had been beaten into her since she could form words. It must be some sort effect from the pain killers. Hux calmly walked up to her and TH felt her heart once again leap to her throat. Honestly, it would have been better if he had stormed over. This cold calculation (which he was known for, granted) was absolutely terrifying. She bit her lip to keep from crying out as one of his long fingers jabbed at her ribs. A wave of pain washed over her as bile crept up her throat. “Let me make one thing very clear, TH-8332.” He poked her again and this time she couldn’t suppress a whimper. “The only reason I didn’t have you taken out to the cold and shot immediately is because some of my officers—and Commander Ren—for whatever reason, see you as a valuable asset. You are nothing more than a cog in a machine. You are replaceable. Never forget that.” For emphasis, he dug his finger between her ribs until TH crumpled at his feet like a dirty washrag. She stared up at him, vision slightly obscured by tears, and watched him smirk. “You’re dismissed.” Hux then turned and walked back to his desk as the door slid open. TH hauled herself up to her feet with a whimper and left as quickly as her injuries would allow. The medical bay was once again her destination. Hux’s prodding fingers had dislodged something, she could feel it with every labored breath. TH gritted her teeth as she leaned against one of the walls for support, ignoring the sidelong glances cast in her direction from passing Troopers and officers. “Fuck them…fuck this…” she muttered to herself as she punched in the code to open the door. ** On the second day of her “appointed leave,” TH felt well enough to drag herself to one of the smaller mess halls on base to eat instead of eating the rations a droid would drop into her room at uneven intervals. Because of the strange hour, not quite lunch and not quite dinner, she was mostly alone in the mess hall. It was better this way. She had heard whispers about why she was missing work. Most of the rumors were swirling about how she had been injured in the skirmish on Malastare but others were saying that she had been sleeping with Commander Ren and faking her injuries. It didn’t matter. And she didn’t let the lingering confusion about Ren’s odd behavior linger. She pushed it aside. There was going to be a speech today, out on the main tarmac. TH had been delivered a note earlier, excusing her from attending. It was signed with Captain Phasma’s seal so she, again, didn’t question it. The pile of mush that was her food left a bland taste in her mouth as she stared out the single, large window in the mess hall. TH nearly vomited the mush back up when she saw the sky and space light up in a red hue. The entire base shook for a moment and her metal spoon clattered to the floor. There had been rumors about the weapon’s ability. And the First Order had attempted to have a test run a few months ago only to have it fail. But this…this must have been a full scale attempt. “I guess we’re hitting the New Republic today,” one trooper joked to another. “’Bout time!” He responded. TH hauled herself up and quickly deposited her tray in the trash and walked back to her room, only to see it filled with red light. The remnants of the destruction had touched the one place she had to herself. The contents of her stomach spilled across her floor as she thought about the millions of lives that had just been, literally, vaporized. The pain from her ribs seemed to grow and grow and grow until she felt her knees buckle. As she crashed onto the hard floor, narrowly missing her sick, she swore she would leave. She would leave like Twoey. ** TH knew another attack was coming. After being released from medical leave, she took up her spot as a TIE fighter pilot again, still without a gunner. She flew out on solo missions which she sabotaged in one way or another, whether it was letting her shots just graze a target or letting herself be shot down (if she knew she could survive the impact) or letting her envoy to be shot at for an extended period of time before “rescuing” them. It was a game she liked to play. Albeit, a dangerous game—but a game she played nonetheless. And she had heard whispers, whispers of another attack with the giant, sun-powered cannon. This time the Resistance would be the target. All she needed to do was wait. She had no idea where the Resistance base was. And if she were to ask, she would only heap suspicion onto herself—and she knew she’d wind back up in Hux’s office. Her ribs still ached and she had to steady her breathing if she turned too quickly while walking down that hall. The beating had affected her permanently. She knew that. So, she bought her time and kept her head down. And TH listened. Someone would reveal the location. She just needed to wait. But her answer came at a surprising time—when Starkiller Base had started to implode. Members of the Resistance had somehow snuck onto the base and had managed to blow the oscillator. TH ran for her TIE fighter as she spotted the X-Wings still firing away at the large structure. “TH-8332, kill them!” An officer yelled. “Kill them all!” TH just continued to run as she clipped her helmet into place and slumped into her seat as her engines roared to life. The tarmac beneath her was shaking; ready to crack as the planet continued to crumble. TH set her sights on the fleeing X-Wings and punched it, focusing on the Resistance pilots. Her starship easily targeted them, and—thank the stars—was able to pinpoint when they hit lightspeed. TH entered the coordinates for D’Qar and, as the tarmac gave another awful rumble, she took off as the planet imploded. TH gasped as she looked down at the lush, green planet. It was swarming with activity, both chaotic and jubilant. But TH wasn’t able to view too much before her ship was hit by a barrage of blaster fire and she crash landed. Her head smacked against the gauges in front of her and her helmet didn’t cushion the blow. It cracked under the impact and all she saw was red slipping in front of her eyes. Notes: I am so, so, so sorry this took so long to post. Stuff kind of hit the fan in my personal life and I couldn't find the energy to write. I hope you guys like it. Please tell me what you think. Chapter 2 Notes: I am so, so, so sorry that this took so long. I had a chapter, was about to post it and then I decided I hated it and re-wrote it. I'm still not entirely sure that I like how this turned out but I hope you like it. I'll try to post again soon! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) When TH woke, she found herself hooked up to medical equipment and strapped to a table. Her pilot’s gear had been switched out with a basic white tunic and matching trousers. She was surprised that she didn’t hurt more—sure, there was a dull ache throughout her body, but nothing compared to the excruciating pain she had felt before. The room was stark and a little antiquated. “Hello?” she called out, her voice raspy. The door to her left slid open and a droid rolled in. Without a word, it prodded at the machines TH was hooked up to, checking her readings, before wheeling itself away. TH didn’t tug at her restraints. It would just make her look guilty. So, she waited as patiently as she could. Then the door opened and a young woman walked in; brown hair was pulled into three buns and she looked somber. “How do you know Finn?” She asked. TH frowned. “Who’s Finn?” She pulled a small projector from a pocket in her grey trousers and clicked it on and soon a tiny picture of TH and Twoey was filling the air. TH smiled. “He made it? He made it here? Is he okay? Where is he?” And now she was tugging at her restraints, not caring about the pain reverberating through her extremities. “How did you know him?” The woman asked again, clicking off the projector. Her voice was steely now, cold. The use of the past tense sent a chill down TH’s spine. What had happened to him? “I…we were in the trooper program together. The only friend I had, really. He was supposed to wait for me—we were supposed to leave together.” Perhaps it was the pain suppressants or just the stress of the situation but TH finally felt tears prick at her eyes, the first time in a long time. “Please, is he okay? Is Twoey okay?” “His name is Finn.” “I only knew him as Twoey—or FN-2187. Please, just tell me: is he alive? Did he make it?” TH shut her eyes and shook her head. “He was supposed to wait. We were supposed to leave together…” A dry sob choked her for a second. It was quiet and then TH felt the strange but familiar sensation of a probe into her mind. But it held no coldness like Ren’s did. Now, this one was almost soothing and as the memories of her time with Twoey raced around her mind, TH didn’t fight back. She saw when they met, when TH stood up for Twoey when he was harassed by other troopers for his lowly sanitation ranking, she saw TH try to calm Twoey’s nerves and his promise to not be a killer. A few other memories seeped their way forward, namely her altercation with Hux and Kylo Ren. But the invasion ended as soon as it started and TH looked at the woman, feeling the tears still sliding down her cheeks. “Finn is healing. He challenged Kylo Ren to a duel and lost.” The woman rolled her shoulders. “We found the projector in his pocket. It’s the only reason you’re not dead right now.” TH nodded. “I understand.” “I sense no deception or cruelty in you.” A bitter smile touched TH’s lips and she wished her hands were free so she could wipe the embarrassing tears off her cheeks. “I hope that’s a good thing.” The woman turned. “It is.” And, without another word, the woman turned and left. And TH was alone again. The medical droid was her only companion for a few more hours. It was when the sun was finally setting that she finally saw another person. An intimidating woman with graying hair stepped in, her features pulled into a frown. “What is your purpose here?” TH frowned. “I just…wanted to leave.” “And you thought your best shot at survival was coming here? To the Resistance?” TH paused. “Is there something wrong with wanting to see The First Order burned to the ground?” “Why do you want to see that?” “Because they took everything from me. And they won’t stop until the galaxy is theirs.” The woman looked over TH with cold, calculating eyes. “You were a pilot?” “Yes.” “You had access to upper level intel?” “Yes.” “Are you willing to share?” “Yes.” The woman arched an eyebrow. “You’re not even going to bargain for your freedom?” TH shrugged and instantly regretted it as pain shot through her. It took a moment for her to collect herself before shaking her head. “I told you, I want to see them burn. If I have to burn alongside them, fine. But just make sure they never have a chance to come back.” The woman’s face suddenly split into a smile. “I’m going to like you. I can tell.” She stepped out of the room for a moment before returning with a heavily armed man who quickly undid the restraints across TH’s body. “Come with me.” TH scrambled off the bed, ignoring the pangs of pain that were coursing through her, and struggled to catch up with the woman. “That’s it? You’re letting me free?” “We will see,” the woman said as she led TH (and the beefy guard) out of the medical ward and out into the night air. TH stumbled in her bare feet as she glanced around at the lively base. Pilots were fixing up their X-Wings alongside mechanics, fighters were running drills or cleaning their blasters, and others were mulling about, exchanging words over datapads. And no one spared her a second glance. What she found most interesting was the fact that a few people acknowledged the woman, murmuring soft hellos and giving off salutes. “Good evening, General,” someone called and the woman stopped and turned. TH blanched. She was a general? Then it dawned on her. This must have been General Leia Organa, war hero and absolute legend. (Or absolute warmonger if you were loyal to the First Order. It depended on who you talked to.) A man with dark, curly hair and matching dark eyes walked up to the general, still dressed in his flight suit. “I…” his words flittered out as he looked at TH. “Is this her?” He took a step toward her and TH instinctively took a step back when she saw the absolute animosity in his eyes. TH supposed she would have found him attractive—was that the right word?—if it didn’t seem like he wanted to murder her. “Dameron. Calm down. She is here to help.” “How can you tell?” His eyes narrowed and TH looked down at her feet. His stare was intense and angry. Rightfully so, TH thought. There was no telling how many of his comrades she had shot down or seen shot down. “I had Rey…interview her. She passed. Leave her be, Dameron.” “We can’t trust her!” He argued. “Stand down, Dameron,” Organa ordered. Dameron glared at TH again before nodding at Organa, effectively excusing himself. Organa looked at TH with a slightly impish grin. “He’ll learn. Come on, we have your secrets to discuss.” TH spent hours telling Organa and her board of advising officers what she knew about the First Order. Base locations, frequent movements of high-ranking officers, planets that were secretly supplying the First Order, everything she could think of. By the end of it, she could see the sun peeking into underground command center and her limbs were heavy with fatigue and pain. “You’ve done well,” Organa said. “If this information you’ve given us checks out, we’ll let you know.” TH nodded. “I understand.” Organa called over another officer. “Could you escort Miss…” “TH-8332.” Organa frowned. “Miss TH-8332 to the solitary cells. Please make sure she is treated fairly. She requires medical attention.” The officer looked at TH then back at Organa and nodded. “Yes, General.” The officer softly gripped TH’s upper arm and escorted her back up the stairs and into the morning light. TH squinted against the sun and noticed that a large group had started accumulating on the tarmac. “What’s going on?” The officer smiled but it didn’t quite reach his eyes. “The future.” She was deposited into a small, concrete cell with its own refresher station and a med that was miniscule but still much comfier than her bed back on base. It was far off the main tarmac in a nondescript concrete building that looked like it had once held grain stores. “I’ll be back with the medical droid in a moment. Do you need anything?” He asked as the door sealed behind him. “No…thank you.” TH frowned, unused to the kindness of strangers—or those in positions of power. The officer smiled and then disappeared. TH poked at the pillow on the bed and found that it was a bit fluffy and she laid down, trying to find comfort in the strange luxury. She eventually gave up and pulled the thin blanket onto the floor with the pillow and curled into a ball on the small rug. The medical droid rolled in just as her eyes were starting to close and quietly cleaned the few sutures she had before giving TH a shot of something clear with the consistency of glue straight into the crux of her elbow. The droid left without a word and she was left alone again. Thoughts of Dameron swirled in her head for a moment. She hadn’t actually felt that way before. There was just something about his face…that made her stomach feel like it was being tied into knots. The First Order had forbidden almost all sorts of attachments and, if commanding officers even suspected that two troopers were involved, there would be hell to pay. They had been taught from an early age that love was a dalliance that only took away from the mission. They weren’t exposed to what love was supposed to look like or feel like—or even what attraction felt like. So, what she felt for Dameron could just be some sort of strange hatred. Twoey had always been better with emotions, maybe she would ask him. And soon the medicine—or whatever it was—worked and she was out like a light. ** “Hey…hey…” Someone poked her forehead lightly. “T, wake up.” They poked again. Slowly, TH opened her eyes to see FN smiling down at her. A smile spread across her face so fast it almost hurt. She threw her arms around his shoulders and pulled him close—only to hear him let out a groan in response. “What—are you okay?” And then she remembered, that girl—what was her name?—had told her Twoey had been injured in a fight with Kylo Ren. She quickly pulled back, retracting her hold on him. “Shit, sorry, Twoey. I didn’t mean-” He just laughed and leaned back on his haunches as she sat up. “Don’t worry about it. I’m…I’m just so happy you’re here.” She nodded, fighting another smile. “Me too. Even if they’re keeping me under lock and key.” “The only reason they trusted me is because I showed up with Han Solo. Just give it time, T. Have you told them anything?” She shrugged. “Everything I could think of.” He tilted his head to the side. “What happened? Why the sudden change of heart?” “You did watch the base get blown to bits, didn’t you? I heard you had a part in that, by the way.” She managed to laugh. “But, um, I…it doesn’t really matter the specifics, right? I’m here. I want to help the rebellion. It’s just like we talked about.” He smiled again and grabbed her hand and squeezed. “You’ll love it here. It really…it’s almost like having a family. Wait until you meet Poe, you’ll love him. I-” “Finn, what’re you…” that pilot from earlier, with the dark hair suddenly appeared in the doorway to her cell. His jovial expression slid off his face when he spotted TH. And T hated to admit it but he was even better looking in the harsh light of the cell. Who gave him the right? “What are you doing in here? She’s dangerous, Finn.” “Who’s Finn?” “What are you talking about?” FN and TH asked at the same time. Dameron scowled. “Finn is his name,” he spit out. “She’s a stormpilot, Finn. You can’t trust her.” “I was a Stormtrooper too, Poe. Don’t you remember?” FN said as he stood, still holding her hand. “Yeah, but you saved me-” “General Organa told me herself that TH gave the Rebellion valuable intel. She’ll save so many more people than I did.” FN straightened his shoulders. “She’s my oldest friend, Poe.” He squeezed TH’s hand, as if for reassurance. “Her intel hasn’t checked out yet.” “It will.” Finn looked down at her. “I know it.” Silence reigned in the cell for a moment and then Poe looked down at TH with a grimace before rolling his shoulders, as if trying to retain some semblance of control. “The general needs you in the command center. Don’t be late.” He then stormed off and TH let out a breath she didn’t know she was holding. “What was his problem?” She shook her head. “But your name is Finn? How’d you find out your real name, did the Rebellion find old records or-” FN…or Finn answered with a shake of his head. “Poe gave the name to me when I helped him get off the Finalizer. I guess he didn’t like calling me a number.” He was quiet for a moment. “Would you like a name?” “Can I still call you Twoey?” Finn chuckled. “Of course you can.” “Then I’d like a name too.” Finn tilted his head to the side for a moment and then smiled. “Theia?” “Thee-ah?” She repeated. “Yeah. I like it.” She chuckled. “It’s pretty. I like it too.” “Good.” He looked back at the open door, the space Dameron once filled. “But I do have to get to the command center. But I’ll be back, okay? I promise.” TH nodded and watched him go before curling back into her blanket. “Theia…Theia…Theia…” she repeated it to herself until it sounded normal. No more numbers. No more being reduced to something subhuman. She had a name. She had a name. She was a person. ** It had been a handful of days since her meeting with General Organa. Finn came to visit her every day with encouragement and soft smiles. He kept her up to date on the happenings around the base and told her that they’d be moving planets soon. The First Order, despite having destroyed Starkiller Base, still knew the coordinates of D’Qar and was probably trying to mobilize a counterattack. The woman with the mystical powers, who Finn told her was called Rey with a fond look on his face, was a Jedi and had been sent off to train with the (in)famous Luke Skywalker. But today, Finn didn’t appear and something strange had lodged itself deep within Theia’s stomach. Something was wrong. And it was- A loud booming sound pulled Theia out of her reverie and she insantly pushed herself against the door of her cell. She knew that sound. The First Order was trying to retaliate. “Let me out!” She yelled. “I can help!” But no one opened her cell. “Please!” Another explosion rocked the base and Theia watched the wall on her left crumble. She didn’t need a moment to think, she ran through the wall, avoiding the falling debris and out onto base. It was complete chaos. The blue sky was filled with gray smoke. People were running, taking cover or trying to fire at the incoming TIE fighters and the Stormtroopers swarming the tarmac. Theia ducked and narrowly missed being shot in the head. She shot to her feet and sprinted toward the tarmac, to the middle of the fray, dodging more and more fire from both sides. The air was heavy with the scent of fire and the metallic bite of blood and charred flesh. “Give me a blaster!” she shouted over the noise as she met a member of the Resistance. The man handed over his extra before turning and mowing down another person in a helmet. “You know how to use one of those?” Theia scowled and turned and shot three down with ease. The man shrugged and pushed forward. “Just don’t shoot me!” Theia held her blaster up high and found a bit of cover from a crumbled wall which used to hold up the command center. She returned fire again and again but saw Finn charging forward with a few other Resistance fighters, blasters blazing. “What an idiot.” Theia pulled in a steadying breath, peeked around the wall for a moment, made sure the coast was clear, before sprinting toward Finn. If she was going to make it through this, and if he was going to live, he was going to get an earful about learning to wait for someone to cover their backs. How he managed to get transferred to (and survive) the Trooper infantry was a mystery. A blaster shot skimmed her thigh and she let out a grunt before returning fire, hitting the offending trooper straight in the neck. She ducked between a tree and a rock for a moment, waiting for a few troopers she saw heading her way to pass before shooting each of them in the back. At the moment, it didn’t matter that she probably stood next to them at training or sat beside each other in the mess hall. All she wanted was to see Twoey safe. Theia took off again, watching as Finn and his group pushed farther into the fray. For a moment, she thought about calling out to him. She quickly realized that would just distract him. She continued to jump from one covering to the next as she picked off troopers who were trying to corner Finn and his small group of fighters. The wound on her leg was screaming for attention and she could smell the scent of the burned flesh and fabric seemed to grow stronger with each step she took. But she just had to get to Twoey. Theia made a dash for a large tree at the edge of the forest, still smoking from a recent misfire, but was cut off and tackled to the dirt. Quickly, she jammed the butt of her blaster into the tackler’s chest and rolled as he fell back and pinned him to the dirt. She shoved the barrel of the blaster into his face and then frowned. “You?” Poe glared up at her. “You were running after Finn! I knew we couldn’t trust you.” Theia pressed the barrel into his cheek and narrowed his eyes. “I was covering him, you absolute nerf herder. Go get in your damn ship and cover him from the skies—be useful.” “My x-wing was shot down-” “Then find another!” She yelled before standing up. A TIE Fighter suddenly crashed near them, setting the trees around them ablaze. Theia sprinted out of the forest and back toward Finn. She managed to catch up to him just as the confronted another small group of troopers. She dodged a shot aimed at her head and aimed her blaster over Finn’s shoulder and fired. Finn turned to her and smiled. “You’re out!” “For the moment.” They all fired and managed to take out the group of troopers with little fanfare. “We need to get the TIE Fighters out of the sky. Go tell all the pilots you can to focus all their firepower on them.” Finn nodded and pulled his fellow fighters back toward what was left of the command center as Theia spied the two shuttles the ground troops must have arrived in. There were only a few troopers inside and those outside were focused on a group of Resistance fighters coming from behind the shuttles. “What’re you doing?” Dameron yelled. When had he caught up to her? Theia bit back a snarl as she dove into the nearest shuttle and rammed the butt of her rifle into the first Trooper’s face before turning and shooting the next one. She started to plug in a message as the pilot’s screen sparked with life. “Where are we moving the base?” “I’m not telling you!” “Tell me! I need to send them somewhere else.” “We’re going to Tanaab,” he bit out after a stretch of silence only broken up by random bursts of blasters firing behind them. “Fantastic. I’ll say we’re going to Kessel. They’ll have to deal with Hutts if they follow that lead and still turn up emptyhanded.” Her fingers raced across the keys and hit send. She turned to Poe who still had his blaster at the ready. “You can read the transmission if you want. I’m not going to jeopardize the Resistance. You need to trust me, Dameron.” She shouldered past him. Perhaps it was the high and rush she was finally feeling from the battle but she knew she was antagonizing him and giving the pilot ample opportunity for him to shoot her in the back. But, for the moment, she didn't care. She finally felt what it was like to fight for a cause she believed in. Finn was safe for the time being and Theia knew that Dameron would watch his back if anything happened to her. She peeked around the opening of the shuttle as she tightened her grip on her blaster. The battle was still raging but decidedly siding with the Resistance now. An idea popped into her head and she turned back and saw Dameron about to leave the ship. She moved past him and back toward the cockpit. “What are you doing now?” He asked as she easily fired up the engines. “If you want to find out, close the hatch.” To be honest, she was thinking Dameron would just leave the shuttle and let her do whatever she was about to do. But then she heard the hatch close just as another TIE Fighter crashed to the ground in front of the shuttle. With a shrug, Theia flipped the switches to fire up the shuttle’s large blasters and pulled the starship off the ground and turned it so it faced the battle. She tapped in the code to activate the target tracking and had it settle over the distracted troopers. “Are you joking?” “Why would I joke about this?” And then she fired, mowing down the troopers in a barrage of red light. Dirt flew into the sky under the impact and screams were swiftly cut off. Trees creaked and groaned with new battle wounds as the dirt and dust settled. Theia peered out of the front window and saw that the troopers were left unmoving on the ground and the Resistance seemed to be celebrating “You…” He trailed off as Theia once again landed the shuttle and lowered the hatch. “That was underhanded.” Theia turned toward him as she stood, grabbing her blaster again. “Let me make one thing perfectly clear for you. There are no rules in war. You win or you die. If you won’t make the call, I will.” “You were supposed to be in a jail cell-” “I’m completely aware,” she said, walking out of the shuttle. “But I might have just finished this without costing the Resistance more lives. So, you can take your high morals and judgment and shove them right up your-” “Dameron!” Both Theia and Poe turned at the sound of General Organa’s outburst. “Was that you?” The general looked at them, holstering her own blaster. “I don’t know, General. She’s out of control. She broke out of her cell-” “The wall fell after being hit. I didn’t break out.” “-and then took over the First Order shuttle. I wasn’t entirely sure if she was going to kill everyone-” “I told you I what I was doing.” “And I-” “That is enough!” Organa said, not quite shouting. They both shut up. First, she turned to Theia, “What you did was very, very dangerous but it paid off. Thank you.” She reached up and gently placed her hand over Theia’s shoulder and squeezed. “That was quick thinking.” “Thank you.” Theia felt heat take over her cheeks. How strange. Organa then turned to Dameron. “You fought well today too.” A conspiratorial smile pushed up the General’s lips. “You two make a formidable team, whether you like it or not.” Theia eyed Dameron who was eyeing her as well. “But, we still have to be cautious with you,” Organa said with a sigh as she looked at Theia. She just nodded as she watched an officer come up to Leia’s side, brandishing a pair of handcuffs. She bit back a sigh and held out her hands. “I understand.” The metal of the handcuffs was cold against her skin. Finn ran toward them, his smile dying with each step he took. “What’s going on?” “It’s okay, Finn. It’s fine,” Theia said. “She could’ve killed all of us.” “But she didn’t,” Finn said, turning to Poe. “I saw her. I saw what she did and I’ve seen her when she gets behind the controls of a starship, she never makes mistakes, she never misses unless she intentionally wants to. She was helping us. I-” “It doesn’t matter, she broke out.” Finn looked between Leia and Poe, his mouth open and eyes wide. “She’s done nothing wrong.” “Finn,” Theia softly said. “It’s okay. Let them do what they feel they need to do.” She managed to smile as a guard started to pull her away. “This isn’t right!” She heard Finn yell as she was turned and led toward a starship. “Let her go! You trusted me, why can’t you trust her?” The walk was thankfully short and the cell in the starship was a little smaller than the one she had previously occupied but, she assumed it would be okay until she reached Tanaab and she was placed into another cell. The guard was gentle as he nudged her inside and released the manacles on her wrists before softly shutting the door. “For what it’s worth,” he started, “I thought what you did was really brave.” “Thank you.” The guard smiled before walking away, leaving Theia alone again. Notes: Please, tell me what you think! Also, if you have ideas about what you'd like to see, I'd be happy to try to work them in! Thank you for reading! Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Tanaab was a largely pastoral planet, mostly charged with producing food for the galaxy. As, she had suspected, Theia was transferred to a cell in the basement of a stone building. “The General will speak with you soon,” the guard said. “Okay.” And so, she waited. She passed the time by tracing patterns into the battered walls with the tips of her fingers until they were red and raw. It was almost too quiet in the cell. She could hear nothing. Not the ships she knew were coming and going on the makeshift tarmac above her. Not the murmur of voices from pilots, fighters, or officers. All she could hear was the steady scraping of her skin against the wall and the gentle inhale and exhale of her breathing. “Theia?” She turned at the sound of her name and saw General Organa looking at her through the glass. “Yes, ma’am.” “Finn tells me you know your way around First Order starships, all of them.” Theia nodded. “It was standard training.” “Does the First Order frequently use tracking technology to keep tabs on their ships?” “Only for exploration voyages. Every starship has the capability but it’s usually disabled until that ship is sent out to uncharted territory or if the First Order is entering Hutt Space or systems where pirates are common.” Organa nodded. “Can it be permanently disabled?” “With a little tinkering.” “Can you do it?” Theia frowned. “Of course. It’s simple.” Organa was quiet for a moment. “Can I trust you?” “Yes.” “Good.” Organa stood tall and rolled her shoulders. She reached out and entered a code into the panel beside the door and the cell suddenly opened. “Follow me.” Theia scrambled to her feet and silently followed the general out of the building and out into the soft sunlight of the planet. The base was buzzing with life as everyone settled different aspects of command stations, housing modules, and other necessities. Organa led her toward the two First Order Shuttles parked off the tarmac. “Will you need any specific tools?” Theia nodded as her palm pressed against the warm metal of the shuttle in front of her. She listed them off before plugging in a code to release the hatch. “A guard will be posted outside and we have our pilots circling.” The general paused. “We will not hesitate to shoot you down if we believe you’re a threat. Understood?” Theia nodded. “Understood.” “I’ll have someone bring your tools to you.” “Thank you.” Theia turned and looked at the shining interior of the first shuttle. “Do you have cloaking technology on the base?” “Of course.” Theia hummed. The cloaking technology would help for now with keeping the First Order from knowing where the Resistance had taken their ships but, it would likely only backfire if the shuttles were ever activated outside of the Resistance’s shields. Each shuttle was usually outfitted with a unique code that was projected whenever it came in contact with another First Order shift. Theia would have to figure out a way to disable it before they were fit for use. But she’d take it one step at a time. The general bid her good luck and walked away as Theia walked into the shuttle. Theia set to work immediately and looked over the shuttle’s gauges to see what exact model she was working with. She crouched under neat the pilot’s seat and saw the criss-crossing red and blue wires. She frowned when she saw the small tracking device stuck under a mess of other chips and control settings. It would take a lot longer than she had anticipated. A guard arrived with her needed tools and set them beside her with a small smile. “Thank you,” she mumbled, grabbing one and starting to pick apart the first layer of the control panel. Hours passed. Sweat had started to dot her forehead and her fingertips were bloody as she continued to pry her way into the control panel. When she finally managed to get it open and get her fingers around the device, she realized she needed more equipment and carefully asked the guard if she could have it. It wasn’t entirely unheard of within the First Order for troopers to be told to finish the job with the tools provided and not ask for anything else in fear of being called incompetent (at best) and being sent to reconditioning (at worst). But the guard happily complied and sent for the tool she requested, along with a bottle of water. Theia just stared at the bottle of water as he attempted to hand it to her. “Aren’t you thirsty?” He asked. “You’ve been sweating like you’ve been sent to the hotbox on Jakku.” Theia frowned and carefully accepted the bottle. “Thank you.” “Do you need anything else?” “Um, no. Thank you.” The guard nodded and Theia pulled the tool and bottle a little closer to her chest as she walked back into the cockpit of the shuttle. She knew that the fighters and officers of the Resistance seemed to be kinder than almost everyone in power in the First Order but this was still a little strange. These people killed, just like the troopers, but it seemed like they were still…good. But maybe they were just lulling her into a false sense of security. Both were viable options. Theia sniffed at the water for a split second before deeming it not-poisoned and quickly guzzled the entire thing and went back to work. More time passed and eventually she was able to rewire the shuttle so it wouldn’t emit its usual unique code when encountering another First Order ship. The tracking device itself took a little longer to disable—and she nearly crushed it out of frustration but was finally able to solder the small chip into submission before reattaching it to the control hull. By the time she stepped out of the first shuttle, her fingertips were bruised and bloody and she knew she was covered in a bit of oil from the panel and maybe a bit of blood too—and she knew she smelled like the underside of a wampa. The other shuttle was her destination but Finn ran up to her side, effectively stopping her crusade. “What are you doing?” Finn asked, a little confused but still smiling. “I have to work on the other-” “No. You have to eat.” He wrapped his arm around hers and tugged her away from the shuttle, nearly making her drop her handful of tools onto the tawny grass. “But-” “C’mon. You won’t regret it.” Theia managed to convince Finn to let her stash her tools in the next shuttle before, once again, being hauled toward the main tarmac of the base. Finn had easily persuaded the guard to let him escort her away. A large, grey-brown building stood in front of them and Finn tugged her inside. The scent of heavily flavored foods quickly assaulted her nose and Theia scrunched her face, wondering if she should sneeze or actually allow her mouth to water. Her food while she was kept in the various Resistance cells was only slightly more palatable than the mush the Troopers were served in the First Order. But this…this smelled heavenly—maybe. She wasn’t quite sure. Finn helped her through the line and told her which of the colorful foods were the best before escorting her toward one of the many of the simple row-tables set up in five lines. The food was good and Theia let Finn talk her ear off about how they were gearing up to looking into the leads Theia had told them about—mostly base locations. “But how was your day?” Finn asked between mouthfuls of food. Theia nodded and savored the salted meat on her tongue. “It was good. I think I’ll be able to finish before the sun comes up.” “You need to sleep, you know. That’s allowed here.” Theia shrugged. “Well, kind of hard to kick that habit.” “Everyone’s going to see how amazing you are, Theia. I promise. I’ve already heard some people saying that you’re one of the hardest workers on the base. We’re lucky to have you. Really.” Finn reached out and gently touched Theia’s hand with a smile before going back to his own tray. “Yeah, well, not everyone sees me that way. Especially your friend Poe. I don’t know if I did something or…” Finn shook his head. “Don’t worry about him. I’ll talk to him.” Someone sat next to Theia and she stiffened for a moment before turning to see a young, blonde woman who had twisted her hair up into two identical buns. “So, you’re the new one everyone’s whispering about.” Theia glanced at Finn, who shrugged. “Everyone talks around here.” “You have some,” the girl tapped at her own pale cheek, “stuff. All over your face.” “I know.” The woman handed her a damp cloth from under her own tray. “Here.” Theia slowly took it with a small smile. “Thank you.” “I’m Kaydel Connix. I’m a junior controller.” Theia started to rub the cloth over her face and was surprised at the cooling sensation it emitted and how clean her face felt. Her bloodied fingertips also felt a bit of a reprieve. “I’m Theia.” “What a pretty name,” she cooed. “You’re working on the First Order shuttles, right?” Theia nodded and looked at the cloth to see it blackened. “What…do I do…” “Oh, you just pitch it with the tray when you’re done. The droids take care of the rest. Aren’t they handy? Especially when they grill up anything—it’s delicious but it always gets all over my face.” She laughed, a nice noise, Theia supposed. “So, I hear you’re a pilot?” “I am. Well, I was.” She was starting to wonder just how much the rest of the Resistance knew about her. “That’s fantastic, we really need some fresh eyes out there. Finn kept going on and on about how you were the best.” Theia turned to Finn with a frown and he only shrugged. “It wasn’t a lie.” The rest of the meal passed fairly quickly, with Kaydel and Finn chatting away while Theia tried not to stare. It all seemed so easy for Finn—to adapt to life outside the First Order. He was born to be free, she supposed. Maybe that was why he knew how to interact with people innately. She, however, seemed to be struggling with anything apart from fighting and everything related to shuttles and starships. When Theia excused herself, Finn smiled and Kaydel enthusiastically said it was nice to meet her and she hoped they could talk more later. “I really want to hear all about your adventures!” Theia just responded with a tight smile and a murmured, “Sure,” before quickly depositing her empty tray at the nearest receptacle and speed-walking out of the hall. And, of course, she ran right into the guard who had been posted outside the shuttle. “Oh! Hi!” He smiled. “Going back to work?” “Actually, um, do you think I could shower?” She bit her lip. Her sweat and soot-covered clothes and skin had a distinct smell and it was starting to make her nauseous, if she was being honest. And the food now occupying her stomach was making her eyes heavy. She knew that, even if she wanted to go back to work (and she did), she’d be asleep under the pilot’s seat within an hour. “I’m so so-sorry. I just-” The guard chuckled and hauled a bag into her view. “Actually, the general sent me to find you. We’ve set you up in one of the smaller bunks and found some clothes for you. I’d be happy to show you the showers. Follow me,” he said with another smile. Theia tried to steady her breathing as she followed him. This was all becoming a bit overwhelming—and she was entirely aware that thinking someone being kind was ‘overwhelming’ was absolutely ridiculous but she couldn’t help it. He quietly led her to the communal showers, hidden away behind one of the main barracks, and showed her how to work the water and cleanser dispensers before stepping away to give her some privacy. Communal showers were something she was used to—she grew up with them in the training program. But this one was a bit more rustic. Open-aired and with different stalls divided with wooden slats around the heads of the shower. The water was a little cool at first and Theia bit her lip to keep from whimpering before it steadily warmed and she dunked her head under the stream. Her hair felt like it was made of grease and she grabbed blindly for correct dispenser on the wall before rubbing the foaming liquid furiously against her scalp before taking it down to the frayed ends. A happy sigh escaped her when she felt the tell-tale squeak of her hair being clean after five passes. The water beneath her feet turned black for a moment before circling the drain and disappearing. Her fingers brushed against the raised scars on her back, silent reminders of her time in training. Sometimes they ached if she got too warm or too hot, reminding Theia that she’d never actually be free, no matter how far or how deep she buried her conscience. For the first time in a handful of weeks, she felt clean. And Theia wasn’t entirely sure if it was just physical. But she was never one for philosophical thoughts so she just let a small smile push up her lips as she shut off the water and grabbed the fluffy towel on the rack. The night air seemed so much colder now that she wasn’t under the warm water. A shiver shot down her spine as she wrapped the towel around herself tightly and squeezed her hair to release a few extra drops of water. She turned to walk away and froze. Disrobing right in front of her was Poe Dameron. “Stop!” She called out. Heat started to rise on her cheeks as she clutched the towel a little tighter. He looked up, smirking—probably expecting to see someone else, but the smirk dropped as soon as he saw Theia. “What are you doing here?” Theia frowned. “Did the towel not give it away?” Still with his jumpsuit around his ankles, Poe sneered. “You’re really mouthy for a political prisoner.” “You’re really mouthy for a pilot who's been shot down four times.” Poe’s (stupidly) handsome feature screwed up into a grimace. “Did Finn tell you that?” “Maybe.” (He did.) Another shiver moved down her spine. “Am I dismissed now, sir?” She spit out the honorific. “I know you’re not my biggest fan but I think General Organa might disapprove of me freezing to death in the middle of a field.” She glanced around, wondering where the guard had run off to. Now would be a perfect time for him to appear. Poe put his hands on his hips and Theia would swear to the stars that she did not notice how his thigh muscles moved and flexed—peeking out from underneath his plain undergarments. “You really hate me.” “I assume the feeling’s mutual, Dameron. You’ve been nothing but rude to me. Granted, some level of suspicion was warranted because I literally crashed into your old base with my TIE Fighter. But that doesn’t excuse how terrible you’ve been. Even Finn is asking if I’ve done something wrong. So tell me, what did I do?” The words were tumbling out of her mouth faster than she could comprehend. She would later blame it on the courage she gained from being fed and clean. Now, the guard arrived. “Ah. You’re done! Are you ready to see your new room?” He smiled, unaware of the tension. “Sounds perfect, thank you.” Theia pulled her towel a little tighter. “Please, lead the way.” “Do you want to get dres-” “Nope.” “Ah, okay. Well, follow me. G’night, Dameron.” ** Months passed, largely without incident for Theia. After rewiring the Shuttles, General Organa gave her the task of upgrading a few of the other starships in the Resistance’s fleet. The guard was eventually allowed to actually man the base instead of following her around and it was done with a simple nod from the famed general. That was when Theia thought she had finally been accepted into the Resistance. People talked to her, asked her to take a look at their starships, asked her how her day was—some even brought by water and snacks when she was stuck under the hood of a particularly fickle engine. But then she was brought into the command center by a giddy Finn. Poe and high-ranking officers were assembled around the large command station, loudly discussing what seemed like a plan for a surveillance mission. “We bought ourselves some time with moving bases so quickly-” “And the quick work of our newest recruit, Theia,” Mon Mothma said with a nod in Theia’s direction. Finn elbowed Theia with a large smile, his chest puffing with pride as her face reddened with a blush. “But the time has come to act on the information she gave us.” Theia couldn’t lie, most of the jargon the officers were throwing around went right over her head—but she was able to get the plan of trying to find the weaknesses of the Hesperidium base. Theia was, once again, asked to tell everything she knew about the base to the assembled officers—they all seemed pleased with her information. As the meeting was adjourned, General Organa asked Theia to wait behind as Finn went back to the main base with a reassuring squeeze on her arm. “Theia, do you feel like you’re ready to fly again?” A smile broke across Theia’s face. “Really?” General Organa nodded. “Yes, I want you to go out with the rest of the squadron.” Her smile continued to grow until her cheeks hurt. “Thank you.” Organa smiled for a moment before gently pushing Theia back toward the tarmac. “Go get your jumpsuit from one of the mechanics. Your X-Wing is waiting for you.” Theia couldn’t remember being this happy, aside from finding out that Finn had survived and made it to the Resistance. She readily accepted the jumpsuit from the mechanic and pulled it on before finding a helmet. “Your code is Grey Five. Okay?” Theia nodded and adjusted the frequency on her comm unit before being led to the slightly banged-up X-Wing. The paint was a little faded. It looked like it had taken a wrong turn (or five) through an asteroid belt—but it was hers. The grey Resistance insignia was chipped on the back wing but it was still there, nearly glittering the early morning sunlight. Theia watched the rest of the pilots making their way toward the tarmac and slyly ingratiated herself into the group of helmeted pilots, keeping her head down. She knew they knew who she was. But that didn’t mean she wanted to draw even more attention to herself. She was a teammate now, right? Part of the crew. The group was quiet, but a thrum of energy seemed to surround them. Theia felt her heartrate spike when she brushed against their shoulders. This was new—she had never felt a surge of adrenaline when gearing up to go out on a mission for the First Order. Poe appeared and the already quiet group grew even quieter. “Today we have a simple mission.” His dark eyes, not hidden behind his helmet, connected with Theia’s and he nodded before continuing. He explained that they were being sent out to confirm the location of a First Order base, Hesperidium. The pilots were told not to engage enemy forces at all and to keep their cloaking engaged at all times. It was a reconnaissance missions. The Resistance needed to know what kind of firepower, man power, the base was capable of before setting out to destroy the base or finding another base to monitor. “Understood?” Poe asked after dolling out the flight pattern. Theia, of course, was partnered with Poe who was flying to the north of the planet. She assumed it was so he could keep an eye her. “Understood!” The group responded. “Let’s move out!” Theia walked to her X-Wing and pulled in a deep breath before grasping the small ladder leading up to the cockpit. “Are you ready?” Her mechanic asked quietly as he untethered the starship. “As I’ll ever be.” “Just bring this beaut back to me in one piece, yeah?” he said with a kind smile. Theia smiled in return, unable to suppress it. “I’ll try.” “And look out for Dameron? He can be a bit reckless when he has the stars under his wings.” Theia’s smile fell. “I’ll try. But I make no promises.” The mechanic nodded and Theia buckled herself in. Over the past few months, she had become intimately aware and familiar with the X-Wing’s operating system. A strange, happy feeling bloomed in her chest as she tightened the strap on her helmet and grasped the steering controls. It felt right. The call came out through the comms and soon the entire fleet of X-Wings was speeding out into the space surrounding Tanaab. The mission went on without incident. Theia tried her hardest to ignore the way Poe’s X-Wing was always within sight. She knew that Organa was well on her way to (possibly) trusting her—so why couldn’t Dameron? The information she gave the group of officers was backed up with the reconnaissance the pilots gathered and, after a few hours, the stars were streaking against the glass of her cockpit and Tanaab was once again hovering in front of them. They landed and Jessika Pava—one of the other pilots who seemed to be made of sunshine—quickly ran over to Theia and wrapped her in a hug. “Congratulations on your first mission!” The familiar sting of a blush hit Theia’s cheeks as she awkwardly returned the hug, their helmets clinking together. “Uh, th-thanks!” “You’re amazing,” Jessika said as she held Theia at arms-length. You have to teach me that 180 dodge maneuver. I have the hardest time getting through asteroid belt. It’ll save me so much time in the shop if I don’t have to wait for repairs.” Theia made a few more minutes of polite conversation before Jessika excused herself to shower. “So, how’d she do?” The mechanic asked, wiping his oil-stained hands onto a rag. “She was wonderful. Handles like a dream.” The mechanic chuckled and pressed a hand to the still-warm side of the ship. “Don’t tell Poe, but she’s my favorite.” “Your secret is safe with me.” Theia allowed herself to swell just a bit with pride. She knew mechanics were the lifeblood of a fleet and if the mechanic loved her ship, she knew she had a good one. Theia jogged to the back of the hangar and started to strip off her jumpsuit after carefully hanging her helmet and comlink on the assigned Grey Five hooks and hangers. Just as she was shoving her feet back into her boots and folding the jumpsuit, she heard a shuffle. It was the noise of boots against the cement of the hangar and she turned to see Poe, still dressed in his jumpsuit with his helmet tucked under his arm. “You did well today.” Theia frowned and shoved her jumpsuit into the assigned bag and handed it off to the droid for cleaning. “Thanks.” “Your piloting style is different than ours. I think you’ll have to train with a few new recruits if you want to be part of the main squad—our group maneuvers have to be seamless. But I, uh, would also like for you to teach us anything you can about how the First Order wants their pilots to operate. I think if we know both sides, it’ll help on the battlefield.” Theia nodded. “Sure. Anything you want.” Poe nodded and was quiet for a moment, leading Theia to believe he was done. She didn’t bother lacing her boots this time. She just wanted to leave and started to do so when Poe stepped directly into her path. “Can I help-” “What are your scars from?” Poe asked, his voice strangely soft. Theia frowned and was then acutely aware of the sweaty fabric of her shirt sliding and sticking against the raised scars on her back. Of course he had seen them all those weeks ago at the showers. She was only dressed in a towel when they had had their little ‘discussion.’ She had just hoped that the light had been dim enough that he wouldn’t see them. No such luck. “Why?” “Finn has a few like them—just not as many.” “You can ask Finn what they’re from,” Theia said, a bit more ice in her tone than she had intended. But she didn’t want anyone else on the base to know about them. All they would see is a trooper. And maybe they’d pity her. She didn’t want their pity, she didn’t want soft glances, and whispers between colleagues when she walked by. She wanted to be left alone to do her job and to be treated like anyone else who came to the Resistance. Finn seemed to have it easy. Or, at least, it looked like it. He dove headfirst into the world of the Resistance when he flew in on the famous Millennium Falcon with Han Solo and Chewbacca. Everyone instantly trusted him—as they should, Theia mused. They’d be fairly stupid if they didn’t trust someone who Solo trusted. But she didn’t have that luxury of instant trustworthiness. Sure, everyone seemed to like her and, for the most part, left her to her own devices to work on the shuttles and other starships. But Theia knew there would always be a hint of suspicion, mainly in the case of the commanding officers. “But I asked you,” Poe said. Theia paused. “And you can ask Finn.” Poe sighed. “Look, I know we got off on the wrong foot-” “I might be emotionally stunted and not really understand the complete range of societal niceties but saying we ‘got off on the wrong foot’ is putting it mildly.” He winced. “I’m really trying here.” “But why are you trying, Dameron? I don’t understand. Why the change of heart?” “I just…” his dark eyes looked at her for a moment before he sighed and looked up at the sky, now turning a dusky shade of pink with the sunset. “Finn adores you. You’re all he talks about—besides Rey. And I trust his judgement. I trust the general’s judgement. I’m trying to make amends. And you’re making it really difficult.” “My deepest apologies,” Theia said in monotone. “I think you’ll understand if it takes me a moment to two to warm up to you.” He nodded, the dark curls on his head bouncing a bit. “I do, I do understand. But I am trying.” “Okay.” “Stars!” Poe exploded. “I’m trying so hard to be nice to you and it’s like you’re made of stone. The only reason I know you’re actually human is because I’ve seen you bleed!” “That’s not really a problem, Dameron. Pilots don’t need to feel. They need to act. Like a well-oiled machine.” She made to move again only to have her arm gently grasped in his. “That’s not how the Resistance operates. That’s what the First Order had shoved into your brain. You need-” “Let go of my arm.” Her pulse was hammering and flashes of Hux were starting to stab at the back of her mind as his fingers tightened around her bicep. “No. I-” “I said let go of my arm!” “Listen to me!” Poe retracted his grip and threw his hands up in the air. Theia couldn’t help it—she flinched. And, of course, Poe saw it. “I…I wasn’t going to hit you…” “Please, just don’t touch me.” Theia hated how small her voice sounded, even to her own ears. “Theia, please, I-I wasn’t-” “Goodnight, Captain Dameron.” And she walked away, rubbing her fingers against the place where his were, trying to scrub away his touch. Notes: Ho-kay. I am so, so, so sorry this took so long. I got promoted at work and while that is amazing for my bank account, it is not amazing for my time to write. I will try my hardest to crank out AT LEAST ONE CHAPTER A MONTH. And I haven't forsaken my "What If..." Series either. I should have the next one-shot finished within a week or two. Again, I'm so, so, so sorry it took so long. I hope you guys are still reading and still like it. Thank you to everyone who left kudos, bookmarks, and comments. You make me happier than words can say. Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Theia was perfectly aware that she was human and capable of emotions. But it seemed that she wasn’t very good at feeling, or at least expressing how she was feeling—aside from bitter anger and distrust if it was directed toward one Poe Dameron. And Theia, thanks to Connix’s ability to appear seemingly out of nowhere and know everything that was happening around the base, learned that she was thought to be cold and standoffish. “Robotic” is the word tossed around the most, according to Connix who quickly told Theia that she didn’t believe it for a second—“but if you could hug someone or smile, I think that would probably help things.” Solid advice. Theia hugged Finn, but she supposed it was just second nature to only do it when they were alone. Any fraternization in the First Order was frowned upon and dealt with quickly and ruthlessly. It was a survival instinct to hide her friendships and affections. The person she was closest to at the base beside Finn and Connix (who had managed to weasel her way into Theia’s affections), was Jessika, one of the best pilots in the Resistance’s battalion. She didn’t seem to mind Theia’s gruff exterior or her short, snappy commentary or complete lack of conversation when they were around each other. Theia banked quickly to the left to avoid Jessika’s oncoming X-Wing and then shot downward into the vast expanse of stars and trained her ship’s blasters at the underbelly of Jessika’s ship. “I win again,” Theia said with a small smile pushing at the corners of her lips. Jessika groaned through the comm link. “You know, I really thought I was a good pilot before you came around.” She laughed. “But what would you do if there was an asteroid belt? Or other fighters?” Theia answered as best as she could as the headed back toward Tanaab, the score leaning heavily in Theia’s favor. While she had been told to try to fly similarly to the rest of the Resistance squadron, General Organa still thought it pertinent for the other pilots to learn, at least a few, tactics Theia was intimately aware of through her First Order training. While some pilots thought it was a little strange (and unnerving) to see how quickly she found their weak spots, others like Jessika found it a great training exercise. She taught them about the inner mechanisms of other First Order starships and, if needed, where to make a single shot count. It had been almost a month since she had first been allowed to join the rest of the pilots in the Resistance’s X-Wing squadron. Poe seemed to have taken the hint (is that people called it?) and his questions about Theia and Finn’s lives back in the First Order were left unspoken—or at least he didn’t ask Theia about them anymore. But she felt his eyes on her when she was walking around the base. His dark stare didn’t feel like knives like Hux’s pale gaze did. Even when she wanted to smack Poe (usually when he was trying to say he wouldn’t fall for any of her “tricks” when she was trying to teach him something), Theia begrudgingly had to admit that he seemed decent. And she hated it. Jessika smiled as she exited her own X-Wing when they landed and Theia tried her best to return it, feeling the corners of her lips turn the slightest bit. “Are you with Poe again tomorrow?” Jessika asked, setting her helmet on her hip as the mechanics buzzed around the tarmac, inspecting the freshly landed starships. Theia nodded. Only Jessika and Poe were given days to themselves when training with Theia, the others were grouped together, learning only the basics of what she could teach them. Poe and Jessika, on the other hand, were elected to be the lead pilots and would probably be the first to engage enemy starships so Leia thought it pertinent for them to receive special training. Jessika went through the movements again with Theia, using her hands as miniature starships to make sure she understood what had happened out with the stars. She was a fast learner, and Theia was happy to gently correct the angle of her “ship” when she needed it. “It’s a difficult maneuver, you’ll get it soon enough.” Jessika beamed and wrapped Theia in a quick hug. “You are just the sweetest!” Theia felt herself go rigid in Jessika’s arms but managed to awkwardly touch her back in a soft pat before she stepped back. Jessika, for the most part, didn’t seem to notice anything askew and bid Theia a good night before running off toward the cantina for an early lunch. “Theia!” She turned at the sound of her name as she handed off her jumpsuit and helmet to the nearest mechanic. Finn was barreling toward her, a broad smile on his face and his arms were waving in the air. He must have just returned from his recent trip with Chewbacca. But he hadn’t been due back for another handful of hours. Once a month, Finn and Chewbacca were sent out to wherever Rey was training with the mysterious Skywalker to deliver foodstuffs—and there was another woman with them. Shyon Jerriko. There had been whispers about the other woman—and then Connix had let it slip that Poe had once followed her around like a lost kid. This only caused Theia to snicker. “Finn, what’re you-” The rest of her question was cut off as Finn wrapped her in a tight hug, effectively pressing the air out of her lungs in one motion. “I have had the best day,” He said into her neck. He squeezed her even tighter before stepping back. “Let’s go have lunch!” He didn’t give her an option before grabbing her hand and sprinting toward the cantina. Finn was quick slap together two meals and drag Theia back outside and toward one of the many fields surrounding the main tarmac. They sat down under the shade of one of the few trees and Theia listened to Finn excitedly tell his version of events from his latest adventure out to visit Rey. “…you should’ve seen it, Theia, the jedi in action! It’s all real—all of it! I can’t wait for you to meet her, really meet her.” He sighed happily and then cocked his head to the side just as Theia was pushing a large hunk of bread into her mouth without an ounce of grace. “Have you never wanted to kiss someone?” Finn asked. “No.” Theia barely got the single syllable out around the bread and the air she was trying not to choke on. “Well, it’s nice. It’s really nice to kiss someone.” He sighed and his dark eyes went skyward, looking at the clouds with a content look on his face. Theia suppressed a smile at her friend’s happy expression. It still felt a little strange to speak of the young woman she had met only briefly all those months ago. Theia had let Finn babble on and on about her without more than a handful of hums and smiles to let him know she was listening. It was strange, to see someone so wrapped up in another person. So fantastically in love—that was the right word, wasn’t it? Love? Theia surmised that Finn must’ve kissed her on this latest adventure and now had even more stars in his eyes when it came to her. They talked for a little longer before Connix walked toward them, stating General Organa was requesting Theia’s presence in the Command Center. Finn waved her on and Theia subtly attempted to straighten the wrinkles in her tunic as she followed Connix toward the large concrete and rock building and down the stairs. Most of the commanding officers were there, huddled around a large green-lit display, talking in hushed tones as the electronics and machines hummed around them, bring back and forth information on various missions throughout the galaxy. General Organa was gazing up at the green display, her lips tight and eyes narrowed. “General,” Connix said, “Theia is here.” “And Dameron?” She asked, stepping around the display. “On his way.” As if on cue, the door opened again and Poe walked in, a little out of breath but with a wide smile across his face. “Sorry, General. Those new trainees are a bit of a handful.” He chuckled at his own joke. There had been a few new recruits to the Resistance and Poe had been put in charge of helping them acclimate. Theia looked at Poe out of the corner of her eye and tried not to let her mouth twist into a scowl. Her eyes shot back to General Organa as she stepped forward. “We have been given a lead on the movement of a large weapon system. Our contact, however, refuses to divulge anything unless we send someone to speak in person.” “It sounds like a trap,” Theia said, crossing her arms. “It very well could be. But, he hasn’t led us astray yet. I want you and Dameron to go and meet with the contact.” Again, Theia’s eyes shot to Dameron who was now also frowning. “I would be happy to go, General. But I don’t think that Theia-” “I need you both to go,” Organa said, voice stern and her small hands settling over her hips. A few other officers glanced at them over her shoulder before looking back at their own assorted tasks, trying to eavesdrop inconspicuously. “Dameron, you’re the best operative I have. What you went through with the First Order only solidified that. But I need Theia there to make sure the information our contact is passing on is legitimate—we need a solid lead on this. Am I clear?” “Of course, ma’am.” Theia nodded but filed away the questions she had about Poe’s interaction with the First Order for when she next saw Finn. “Dameron?” Organa asked, waiting for his consent. “Of course, General. When do we leave?” Connix stepped up and gave them each a datapad, explaining that they were to go to Corellia and meet with a man at the cantina in Coronet City, the capital of the planet—which was conveniently a possible ally to the First Order (begrudgingly or not, it remained to be determined). And they were supposed to be leaving in less than an hour. They were dismissed with a few words of encouragement and Theia flipped through her datapad, trying to see what the culture and customs were on Corellia so she could blend in—the First Order hadn’t really taught the pilots about blending in and Theia was sure blending in was required for this mission. After stopping in her small home and gathering what she thought would help, Theia made her way toward one of the small shuttles that had been set aside for her and Poe. “I’ll pilot,” Poe said as he appeared at her side. Theia bit her tongue, and hefted her back a bit higher on her shoulder before forcing a smile onto her face when she caught sight of Jessika waving at her from across the tarmac. It was going to be a long flight. ** “Are you ready?” Poe asked, his thick eyebrows knitting together for a moment as he looked at her. “Uh,” she started, adjusting the hood over her vibrant hair. “Yes.” Of course, Theia was lying. She wasn’t trained for espionage or covert affairs. She was trained to shoot things, to blow things up, things like that. Was she really just supposed to stand back and listen in on Dameron’s conversation? Keep an eye out? It all sounded so easy, so simple. But if the First Order taught her anything it would be that anything simple was actually a trap. Poe handed her a holster, which she quickly clipped around her waist, followed by a pair of small blasters. “I’m…trusting you to shoot anyone who tries to shoot me first. I know you’re a good shot. I’m counting on it.” The smile that accompanied this statement caused Theia’s stomach to twist. His perfect teeth were barely visible and the crinkles beside his eyes only made him look a bit more boyish, years younger than what she knew him to be. An unfamiliar heat took over her cheeks as he continued to look at her and Theia hurriedly holstered the blasters. “Right. Kill anyone who wants to kill you. Got it.” Poe’s hand suddenly thumped onto her shoulder. “You okay?” Before Theia could answer, Poe continued. “Finn told me to look out for you today—even though that is the exact opposite of what is actually supposed to happen. But I do want to make sure you’re okay. He, uh, told me..." He shook his head. "You can stay on the ship if you want. I-” “No!” Theia said, stepping out of his reach. “I’m doing this. The General needs me to do this. I-” “Theia,” Poe started, stepping forward and gently touching her arms again. His grip was loose, easily breakable. “It’s okay. I promise.” “Let me do this.” She squared her shoulders. “Let’s go.” The sun was bright and was only exacerbated by the gleaming glass and metal of Coronet City. Large, towering buildings dominated the skyline, not an ounce of greenery to be seen in any direction. “The market’s this way,” Poe said softly, as he passed her, leading her away from the landing station and into the heart of the city. Theia found it easy to slip back into the crowd, watching Poe’s mop of dark hair weave through the throngs of people ahead of her. Perhaps it was her pilot training, to see a target in the distance and calculate where it would head next. The softness Dameron had shown her on the starship earlier had caught her off guard—the trip to the planet itself had been silent. Sure, his face was pleasing to the eye and he had smelled very vaguely of the early morning dew and oil and for some reason that had made her heart stutter—but that was absolutely no reason for her to blush. Right? Theia berated herself over and over as she continued to tail him. He had said it himself, he was doing that for Finn. Absolutely nothing made sense. Maybe she’d ask Finn about it when she got back. Poe slowed to a stop near a stall selling plasma packs in the bustling market and Theia suddenly turned toward the stall at her right and pretended to look intrigued at the strange-looking fruits heaped into baskets. Theia glanced over her shoulder toward Poe to see him talking with a man with dirty, blonde hair and matching mustache near the mouth of an alley. “…the weapon is-” The rest of the man’s words were drowned out by sudden thudding of a familiar march. Theia felt bumps rise all over her skin. The metallic clank against the hard ground was unmistakable. She turned her head the slightest bit to see a battalion of troopers heading their way, weapons drawn and a projection of her face held in their lieutenant’s hands. Poe was suddenly in front of her, dragging her into the crevice between two stalls, blanketed in shadows. His large hands wrapped around her upper arms again and he pulled her close, the buckle of his trousers digging into her belly. The heat of his skin was seeping into her and she could smell him again, the tang of oil tickling her nose. “What are you doing?” She hissed. “We need to leave!” “Public displays of affection make people uncomfortable.” “Yes, they do. I’m one of those people.” “Do you want to go back to the First Order?” “No!” And his lips were suddenly on hers. Notes: So...I hope you guys liked it! This chapter really sets up the rest of the plot and I hope you all continue to enjoy this little story. Again, I apologize that this takes so long to post, but I'm trying! I really, really am. Thank you for sticking with me--and a big, extra special thank you to everyone who bookmarked, kudo'd, and commented. It really motivates me and I can't tell you how much it means to me. Please let me know what you think! All my love. xx Chapter 5 Notes: Thank you to everyone who read, reviewed, bookmarked, and kudo'd. I appreciate it! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) And his hands were in her hair and he was pressing her against the cold metal of the building behind her. Her mouth parted out of instinct and suddenly his tongue was probing hers, coaxing her into responding. Theia’s heart was pounding in her chest and her hands clutched at the worn leather of Poe’s jacket as a breathy sound escaped her when Poe’s fingers started to tangle in her hair at the base of her neck. All she could feel was Poe Poe Poe and his scent was filling her nose, spinning her thought until the revolved solely around how soft his skin was as his fingertips slid down her neck. The sound of the troopers’ stomping jerked Theia away from her strange little bubble. She pressed her hand against his chest and pushed, just enough to feel the warmth of him leave her. Breath rushed in and out of her lungs as she let herself look at him—flushed cheeks and pink lips. His dark eyes were dilated. “I think we’re in the clear.” Her words were hushed and her mouth felt strange, tingling. Theia slid against the building and toward the mouth of the alley. She watched the mass of troopers disappear around the corner before adjusting her hood and pulling the scarf from around Poe’s neck. He let out a confused squawk as she wrapped it around her nose and mouth, leaving only her eyes uncovered. She ignored how the fabric seemed to be steeped in the scent of him as she took in a gulp of air. “Is the mark still out there?” Poe peeked around the corner. “Yeah,” he said, his voice low and gravelly. His chest heaved. “Good.” She straightened her shoulders. “We don’t have time to chase him around the city. We have about ten minutes until they head back toward their shuttle. Is that enough time to get the information you need?” Poe looked back at her over his shoulder, eyebrows furrowed. “It should be plenty. I’m surprised he hasn’t run yet. He-” “Stay here.” Theia shouldered past him and back into the bustling bazaar, once again buzzing with life as if the intrusion of the Troopers had never happened at all. It was easy to spot the man as he perused a stall’s offering of blasters—his shoulders were almost reaching his ears with how far he had ducked his head and his hands were shaking as he reached out. Theia grabbed him by the wrist and clamped her other over his shoulder, putting pressure against a nerve she knew was hidden under the skin. “Come with me.” The stall’s vendor looked blandly up at her for a moment before sighing and shaking his head. Probably used to the sight of a man being dragged away. It took little effort for Theia to drag the man over to Poe. He was a trembling mess but didn’t squirm. He was murmuring something about not wanting to die as she shoved him into the alleyway. “Theia-” Poe started. “Ask him. Now.” She pulled the scarf from her face. “What is the weapon?” Poe asked in a hard voice. “It’s a new Death Star—improved, impervious.” “Where? Where are they building it?” “I-” The man’s eyes shifted from Poe to Theia and then back to Poe. “I want guarantees.” “About what?” “I need to be safe! I-I can’t just keep doing this, spilling information, for-for nothing.” “You’re doing this for the galaxy! You-” “Knew what you were signing up for,” Poe retaliated. “Now tell us everything you know.” The man’s resolve quickly crumbled and he told Poe about how the First Order was hoping to building the new Death Star above Coruscant and how it was rumored to rival Starkiller Base’s power and ability but it was faster, possibly capable of achieving lightspeed. “If that’s true, the First Order would be able to outrun our attacks.” Poe ran a hand through his hair, tugging at the ends with a grimace. “Are they building it already?” Theia asked, finally interjecting into the conversation. At the sound of her voice, the informant shuffled away a few steps, distrust in his eyes. “They have a fleet working on it now. They expect it to be at least capable of running as a base within the next few weeks.” Theia pursed her lips as Poe muttered a curse. “There’s no way a base that size would be operational in a few weeks,” Theia tried to reason. “The First Order would have to have thousands of people working on it, day and night. They’d-” “They do. They’re bringing them in from across the galaxy. There’s a pile of the, uh, ‘unwilling’ in The Works. I thought that place smelled bad before.” He groaned. “It’s worse now.” Poe frowned and looked at Theia. “What do you think?” “I think we’re wasting time.” She looked down at the man. “We’ll be back for you.” “Do you promise?” “N-” “Yes,” Poe said quickly, cutting off Theia in an instant. The man nodded, his eyes shifting around the mouth of the alley as more and more people walked by. He licked his lips. “When will you come back?” “When you have something of value,” Theia said. The man’s shoulders slumped. “I’ll keep in touch with my contact. I’ll send out a line when I find out anything else.” Poe went through his usual spiel of thanking him for the information and staying safe as Theia frowned. “Who is your contact?” She asked as he started to sneak toward the bazaar. He paused. “He refuses to tell me his name. I only see him in the shadows.” “Find out.” The man’s eyes widened. “I-I will try.” “Good.” And with that, he was gone, disappearing into the bustling crowd again. It was quiet in the alley again for a moment and Theia adjusted her scarf and hood again, making sure her face was effectively obscured. “We need to work on your people skills.” Theia snorted, a bit of the tension she felt in her shoulders sliding away. “I’ve been called abrasive.” “That’s putting it lightly.” Poe sighed. “Let’s get back to the ship. The General would want us back as soon as possible.” Again, it was quiet as the bobbed and weaved through the crowded Corellian streets and alleys toward the landing bay. The news of the new weapon was lingering at the back of Theia’s mind but she couldn’t help the smile that kept tugging at the corner of her lips at the thought of Poe’s ill-timed humor. “We make a good team, you know,” Poe said with a smile. “You’re a little more aggressive than what I would consider, you know, proper. But you did great.” “Yeah?” Theia said softly, feeling a small bit of pride swell in her chest. “Yeah.” He smiled and gently nudged her shoulder with his. “Seriously, though. We’ll need to work on your people skills.” The small reprieve was cut short when she spotted the familiar white-glare of a Trooper’s armor. There were only about six of them lurking around the bay and she pulled Poe to a stop before hauling him behind a building, quickly explaining the situation. Poe grabbed his blaster from his holster and readied it, squaring his shoulders as he moved to charge out into the bay. Theia grabbed Poe’s wrist, quickly releasing her grip when he winced. “What?” “You have to promise me something.” She wasn't proud of what she was about to ask. Again, his brow furrowed and he crossed his arms. “What is it?” “You have to kill me if they try to capture me.” “Theia-” “I won’t go back, Dameron. You have to promise me.” She pulled in a shaky breath and pulled out her own pair of blasters. “Please.” He paused for a moment before shaking his head. “I won’t do it. Finn would never forgive-” “Finn would do it for me. I know he would. He would never let me be taken back to the First Order. He knows what will happen to me if I get caught. He’d pull the trigger faster than anyone I know. He’d understand, if you told him what happened, what was at stake, he’d understand. I promise you that.” “How’d they even know you were alive?” Poe asked. “They must have gotten reports that your TIE Fighter crashed on D’Qar.” “Yes, and you need to tell the General that as soon as we land. Everyone in the First Order should think I’m dead.” “You’re implying we have a double agent-” “Yes. I am. And everyone will automatically think it’s me. That’s why you have to bring this to the General.” “She trusts you now-” “But not like she trusts you. I will never be trusted like she trusts you. And that’s okay. That’s my lot in life. But, please, I need you to trust me on this. It isn’t me. I need you to tell the General and only her. For all I know, it could be one of the officers leaking information to the First Order.” “Why are you so adamant about this?” “I’ve seen how they work, Dameron. I’ve seen them send sleepers into planet’s governments and sway the vote. They aren’t always blowing shit up and asking later. They’re cruel strategists. They can be patient. Believe me.” Poe’s dark eyes searched hers for a moment before yet another sigh pushed through him, dropping his shoulders. “I believe you.” Theia nodded. “Thank you. Now,” she said as she turned to peek around into the bay, “you go left, I’ll go right. Aim for the neck. The armor is weakest there.” “Are you sure you want to-” “On the count of three, okay?” Theia pushed forward, not letting Poe finish his question. She knew he’d wonder if she knew any of the people behind the white helmets. And she didn’t want to think about that while she was trying to survive. “One…two…three…” Theia rushed out of her cover and fired both of her blasters, easily taking down two of the Troopers. She heard Poe’s hurried footsteps quickly follow her lead, the sound of his own blaster firing quickly followed. The remaining troopers quickly spotted them and returned fire only to be hit and be reduced to a smoking pile of white armor. “Clear on my side!” Poe hollered from the other side of the bay. Theia sucked in a breath and briefly looked around, not finding any other troopers lurking in the shadows, and holstered her blasters. “Clear!” She looked down at the last trooper she had killed and sighed, recognizing the set of letters and numbers stamped on the trooper’s breast plate. He had been in the same training squadron when they were children. He had black hair and soft green eyes. He had been quiet and one of the few who didn’t beat up on Finn at every given opportunity. The sound of the starship’s engine roaring brought Theia back to the present. She jogged over to the open hatch of the starship and easily strapped herself into the co-pilot’s seat. The back hatch closed as the engine continued to grow louder. “Are you okay?” Poe asked as soon as they were exiting the planet’s gravitational pull. He had noticed her strange silence. (Well, if he was being honest, the silence wasn’t strange. It was the way her bottom lip was quivering—instead of her lips being pulled into a perfect line, as usual. Not that Poe was staring at her mouth, of course.) “I’m fine. You’re quite the shot, Dameron.” “Thanks.” Theia took a deep breath and let her shoulders slump as the ship finally hit lightspeed. The pair quietly discussed the plan of telling the General about their suspicions of a double agent. “…But we’ll have to just act like nothing is wrong, like we don’t know a thing,” Theia said with a nod. Poe hummed his agreement just as Tanaab entered their line of sight. Flashes of the dead trooper at her feet hadn’t stopped running through Theia’s mind since they had taken off. She unbuckled herself before they landed and hurriedly walked toward the hatch, stumbling a bit when the landing wasn’t smooth. It seemed to take ages for the hatch to be dropped. The warm night air of Tanaab was almost suffocating and Theia’s boots stomped a new trail through the tall grass as she nearly sprinted toward the small home she now occupied. “Theia?” She faintly heard Poe call. She didn’t look back and hurriedly locked herself inside the small house. It wasn’t supposed to be like this. She had been just fine with fighting for the Resistance. She knew she had probably shared a few brief glances with other troopers she had killed in previous skirmishes—but this had been different. She knew he had been kind where others had been cruel. Theia pressed a hand over her mouth as she felt a sob scratching its way up her throat. Theia wasn’t entirely sure when she had crawled into bed or fallen asleep but the black void that surrounded her mind was a welcome reprieve. But it didn’t last long. She was jerked awake by something slapping a hand over her mouth and pressing a blaster to her side. “Listen to me very carefully.” Notes: All right. SO. Work is still draining my soul so I'm pretty sure I'll only be able to post once a month but I promise it won't be less than that. Or! I could write shorter chapters and post more frequently. What do you guys think? This story will probably be about 10-15 chapters long--let me know if there are specific scenes you think would fit with the story line! Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Theia stared at the man who was currently standing over her. He was one of the many lower level officers she had witnessed buzzing around the base and attending General Organa’s meetings. He had usually been shoved to the back—she didn’t even know his name. She winced when he pressed the blaster farther into her side. “You are going to get me into one of the First Order shuttles.” He pulled in a breath and nearly snarled down at her. “You aren’t going to make a sound, you understand me?” Theia nodded, feeling her heart beat steadily in her chest. Flashes of Hux’s assault ran through her mind and she sucked in a breath from between his sweaty fingers. Her mind was automatically shifting to fight mode, analyzing him for any weaknesses. His arms were thin and his chest was heaving with each breath—he had never handled a blaster, probably, and had definitely never targeted a person like this. The way he was hunched over her let Theia know he wasn’t experienced—not like her. His weight was too far forward, off balance. Maybe this wasn’t like Hux at all. The early morning hair was thick with mist and the sun was still tucked underneath the horizon when the officer shoved her out of her home. The base was still quiet—the night shift surveillance probably already trading posts, leaving everything basically unguarded and unwatched. “If you run, I will shoot you.” That didn’t warrant a response, in Theia’s opinion so she just let him shove her toward the Bravo hangar, where the First Order shuttles had been regulated after she had finished rewiring them. The tawny grass was damp under her bare feet, making her slide for a few moments. “Why haven’t you told the First Order where the base is?” Theia asked as the hatched groaned and opened. Stalling tactics had never been an area of study in the First Order. She was completely winging it—probably a poor choice, considering the blaster still digging into her side, but she blamed her less-than-half-baked idea on hanging out with Finn and his impulsive nature. “Why do you think I’m still alive? I haven’t told them everything.” Theia frowned. Images of the hooded and terrifying Commander Ren and her brief interaction with him before her defection ran through her head. She knew the First Order had the capability of pulling whatever information they wanted from anyone. Why didn’t they just have Ren interrogate him? “And what are you planning on doing with this shuttle?” “Shut up!” The officer snarled, twisting the barrel. “I need to know what you need to do. Some of the thrusters are still offline. If you want this thing to leave the ground, you have to tell me what you want it to do.” (She was bluffing. The shuttle was perfectly functional. And that was something she took great pride in for a moment.) Theia heard the man sigh as they neared the cockpit. The blaster in her side was removed. “I-I’m scared.” There was an opening. And the training that had been beaten into her since she could crawl took over. Theia turned and jammed her elbow into side of the officer’s face and was instantly rewarded with the crack of his jaw. She ran toward the pilot’s chair but was yanked back by a hand grabbing her hair and roughly pulling her back. A shot was fired and she felt it graze her side as she scratched at the hand in her hair. Again, she turned and kicked him straight in the stomach, loosening his grip just enough for her to pull away at the price of her hair being ripped from her scalp. “You bitch!” Her fingers slid against the cold, sleek buttons of the control panel just as another shot was fired. It missed and half of the panel started to spark, exposing wires and chips in puffs of smoke. Theia’s palm slammed against the button she was searching for—a loud, screeching siren suddenly filled the air and bathed the cockpit in dark red light. The back hatch closed quickly, an old First Order protocol hardwired into every starship. “You don’t know what you’ve done!” He screamed. “They’ll kill me!” Raising the blaster again, he fired as Theia dove behind the captain’s chair. She shoved her hand under the captain’s panel and grasped a long metal rod she had become familiar with when she had been rewiring the shuttles. Just as her palm encased the warm metal, she was forcibly pulled from her hiding spot by sweaty hands on her ankles. She slid against the grooved metal of the floor and tried to stop it by wrapping her fingers around the base of the captain’s chair—she only succeeded in nearly losing her rod and bending back several nails on her left hand. “You’ve ruined everything!” The man shouted as he clamored on top of her, his thighs bracketing her ribs. His green eyes were blown wide and furious—nearly psychotic. The blaster had been abandoned. His thing fingers wrapped around her throat and squeezed for a moment before Theia managed to slam the metal rod into the side of his face. The man let out a broken groan and fell to the side as the rod clattered to the ground. Theia sucked in her next breath with a gasp, her throat already sore and tender, and scrambled to her feet. She sprinted back toward the control panel—she needed to project what was going on, needed to ask for help. She didn’t want to be blamed for the death of an officer. She didn’t want to be seen as an enemy again. She was good. She was being good. Wasn’t she? Just as her fingers found the control for the voice projector, Theia was roughly pulled back by the back of her shirt and spun around, coming face to face with the snarling, bleeding officer. Before she could even think to outmaneuver him, his clammy hands were shoving her down onto the control panel, uncaring when she let out a scream when she was slammed against the broken paneling. He grabbed her hair again, the thick material of his sleeve scratching against her forehead and then slammed the back of her head against the still sparking console. Black dots started to line her vision as Theia struggled to remove his bony hand from her hair as his fingernails started to cut into her scalp. His hips canted down, pinning hers down to the panel as he, again, slammed her head against the console and she heard the unmistakable ‘crack’ of a button shattering under the weight of her skull. The twisted metal of the panel was cutting into her back, ripping open the once-cauterized blaster wound and digging into her flesh with jagged edges. A whimper pushed its way pass her lips as her limbs started to feel heavier and heavier. Her fingers were leaden as she continued to pull at his grip on her throat. Her kicks grew shaky and soft as her vision started to blur. Something warm started to slide down her neck. But then the fingers detangled from her hair—only to wrap around her neck. “You’ve ruined everything,” he seethed into her ear. “Everything.” The grip on her throat tightened despite her desperate clawing at his sweaty skin. All she could hear was the siren and the blood rushing through her ears. Her vision tunneled and all she could see was the officer’s beady eyes. It felt as if her lungs had caught fire. She couldn’t pull in air. She couldn’t hear the siren anymore. And the pulse ringing in her ears had started to slow. But then the officer was ripped away from her, the chill of the morning air fell over her like a waterfall as her bloody and beaten body slid off the console onto the floorboards of the shuttle in a heap of sagged limbs. Theia heard a noise—a series of blaster shots?—before warm, calloused hands gently cupped her face. Her vision cleared for a moment and she caught sight of warm, brown eyes and pink, bow lips that were moving but she couldn’t understand him. The siren wailing came back with a shriek and Thea groaned, unsuccessfully trying to cover her ears. “Theia, hey, Theia. You okay?” It was Poe kneeling near her, his eyes blow wide with worry. His dark hair was tousled, and he was still wearing his sleep clothes. “I need you to talk to me, Theia.” “…hurt,” was the single syllable she was able to force out. His shoulders slumped. “Yeah, I see that. I’m going to lift you, okay? Take you to the medbay.” Poe didn’t give her the opportunity to argue as he gently slid his arms around her back and under her legs and easily lifted her up. Pain zig-zagged across every nerve and Theia could only whimper as his fingers slid across the wound on her back. “I’m sorry,” he whispered as his boots thudded against the ramp of the hatch. Everything was still hazy. Her tongue was near leaden in her mouth. But she needed him to know—“I…didn’t do…it…not bad…” Her eyes slid shut just as she heard him murmur, “I know.” ** She woke a few hours later, in an unfamiliar room, filled with soft, white light, humming machines and a droid who was carefully finishing up the sutures on her side and back. Her hands and feet had been tied to the posts of the bed, even as she was propped up onto her uninjured side. “Oh, you’re awake,” the droid said, wheeling itself backward. “I must let the General know.” Before Theia could protest, or ask what had happened or why she was restrained, the droid had disappeared through the door without a sound. The monitor on her heart was going berserk and Theia bit back a groan as she rolled herself onto her back, trying to ignore the pain that rushed up her back. Then, Leia, with her long, greying hair pulled and twisted into two braids down her back and a sad expression on her face, stepped forward and Theia resisted the urge to flinch. She needed to have courage—courage to face the punishment she was sure to receive. But she couldn’t find it and shut her eyes, waiting for whatever was doled out. Theia nearly jumped when she felt soft hands gently cup her cheeks. Her eyes shot open to see the fearsome general smiling down at her. “I’m sorry-” Theia started. “I am so proud of you, Theia,” Leia said as her thumb gently rubbed the bruised skin of her cheek. “You were so brave.” Theia could only blink up at her, confusion washing over her like a wave. “Surely you know you’ve saved the base, basically the entire Resistance, don’t you?” “I…I just didn’t want to go back.” She felt childish and stupid for admitting aloud but she couldn’t stop the words from tumbling past her lips. The older woman sighed and removed her hands from Theia’s face as she settled on the edge of the bed. “You will never have to go back, Theia. I promise you that. I will make sure you never have to deal with them again.” Unfamiliar stinging started to prick at her eyes and it took a moment for Theia to realize she was crying. “Why…why am I restrained?” Theia asked through a constricting throat, trying to will the tears to stop. The general quickly started untying the fabric with a frown. “You were fighting the droids. I don’t think you meant to but, we just needed to make sure we got you help.” Again, her hand gently touched Theia’s cheek. “I’m so sorry you had to wake up to that. You did nothing wrong. Right now, the entire base is singing your praises, calling you a hero.” “I-” “You are a hero.” The general’s voice was soft but commanding, killing Theia’s rebuttal before she could form the second syllable. It was quiet in the room for a moment as Theia tried to process Leia’s words but found no way to articulate the warring emotions of confusion and elation. Leia softly explained that the officer had been captured after they were able to break into the shuttle and he was set to be interrogated in a few hours. She also explained that Poe had stayed by her side until Leia ordered him back to his own home for the rest of the morning, telling him he needed to decompress. “I’ve never seen him so frazzled, you know. Kept bothering the medical droids and my poor healers about when you’d wake up. He fought me about the restraints.” Another smile touched Leia’s lips. “He must care for you a great deal.” This time, Theia was able to put her thoughts into words. “He is more concerned that Finn will implode once he finds out what happened once he gets back from his haul with Chewbacca.” Leia tsked and shook her head. “You are stubborn, aren’t you?” She sighed. “I’m letting you leave only because we were able to close that gash on the back of your head and your sutures should hold but you are to come back tomorrow and have them looked over. Am I clear?” “Crystal, General.” With a laugh, Leia excused herself and disappeared out into the hall. Theia welcomed the silence in the room again for a moment before biting back a groan and pushing herself up and then off the bed. She was still dressed in her tattered and bloodied clothes and she could smell the antiseptic that had been poured over her. The dark sky above her was comforting. She knew it was night—hours had passed since she had fought in the shuttle. Theia tried to pull in a breath through her nose as she pressed a hand over the bloody wound. She felt the ridges of her new sutures against the slick surface of her palm and bit back a grimace. Another scar. At least this one would be worth something—something more than the rigid regulation of the First Order and the degradation of a solitary trooper. The warmth of her blood cooled slowly against her skin as she trudged toward the showers after grabbing a new set of trousers, underclothes, and a shirt from her house. This side of base was blissfully quiet as she turned on the water and she listed to the droplets crashing against the stones for a moment as steam started to rise into the dark sky. The smallest bit of pink had started to paint the horizon as the sun finished its descent. Theia dropped her dirtied, bloodied clothes into a heap just outside the stall and stepped under the downpour. Water splashed over her skin and hair and she watched it turn pink as it swirled around her toes for a moment before reaching for the wash and scrubbing it through her hair, needing to feel the blood off her scalp. Pain licked at her nerves when her fingers brushed against the freshly-closed gash on the back of her head. It was obviously smaller and straighter than the one on her back, easily cared for by the medbay droids. She sighed and rinsed her hair, ignoring the sting of the bubbles sliding against the wound on her back. “How’re you feeling?” Theia turned at the sound of the voice, letting out a yelp as the suddenly movement pulled at her wound. She winced and spotted Poe standing on the opposite side of the stall, his hair still mussed and dark circles under his eyes. But he managed to smile and Theia was confused at herself when she felt a smile try to push its way onto her lips. “I’m, uh, I’m healing. Thank you.” She paused. “The general told me you were adamant about making sure I was okay. I’ll be sure to let Finn know you were so attentive.” “I didn’t do it for Finn,” Poe said, his voice hushed and barely heard over the rush of water. It was quiet again, for a moment. “Do you need help…getting the blood off?” “What?” “I had trouble, when I got back from the First Order’s interrogation. I couldn’t reach everything. Do you need help?” “No.” The single syllable was clipped and Theia pushed herself closer to the stall wall, as if that would help shield her from any sort of gaze sent her way. “Thank you though…” she added as an afterthought. Poe nodded and his smile didn’t quite reach his eyes as he murmured something along the lines of, “just let me know if you need anything,” before he turned and started to walk away. Theia sighed as she watched him go, the water still turning pink at her feet. And she soon became acutely aware of how she couldn’t actually reach the entirety of the jagged wound without a fear of tearing it open again. “Dameron!” She called out, her throat instantly stinging in return, the phantom touch of the officer’s fingers still pressing into her skin. For a moment, she didn’t think he heard her but Poe stopped and turned. “I…uh…I need help.” This time, his smile was a little brighter as he walked back toward her. “Um, finish what you can and then throw on your shorts.” He then turned back around, offering Theia a bit of privacy as she tried to finish as much as she could before slipping on the bottom half of her outfit and holding a towel to her chest as her wet hair let small rivulets of water rush down her flushed skin. “Ready,” Theia said as she stepped out of the stall, feeling an odd sensation in her stomach—something akin to a rathtar tumbling, if she had to guess. She heard something rip and saw Poe opening an antiseptic wipe as he stepped closer, circling around toward her back. Poe’s fingers were cold against her flushed skin. She felt the pad of his finger trace along one of the longer scars as it zigged and zagged from her left hip up to the space between her shoulder blades. His breath came out in soft, measured puffs on the back of her neck. Theia bit her lip, trying to quell the shivers she felt starting to ripple up her spine. The antiseptic bandage had started to tingle and Poe gently peeled it away, letting the cool evening air slide against her newly-mended skin. “How’s it feel?” “Better.” She held the towel a little tighter against her chest as she took a breath and turned around to face him. “Thank you.” Unfamiliar heat started to climb over her cheeks as she looked at him, his dark eyes nearly twinkling in the soft starlight. Eyes shouldn’t twinkle. It almost infuriated her how stupidly good looking he was. And how stupid it made her feel. “I’m sure the General will want to meet with you. Get a briefing. I’ll leave you to it. I’ll have my comm unit with me if you need anything,” she said in a rush. She watched his mouth open and close a few times before he let out a loud breath through his nose. “Will you tell me about them?” “About what?” “I asked Finn—like you told me to—but he said only you can tell me about yours. I just…” His broad shoulders slumped. “I’m sorry.” Theia frowned. And before she could stop herself she answered, “okay. I’ll tell you.” Notes: Please tell me what you think! And thank you to everyone who commented, kudo'd, and bookmarked. You keep me going, even when my muse abandons me. Please let me know if there are any scenes you would like to read! xx Chapter 7 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe appeared at Theia’s door a few hours later, like they had agreed—he was actually a few moments early. In his arms was a bag of food from the cantina and something in a jug she suspected was alcohol with how it glinted in the dying light of the day. She wordlessly stepped back and let him in. Leia had given Theia the rest of the day off—which Theia tried to fight but quickly conceded when she winced when she turned too fast, trying to keep up with the petite General’s footsteps around the comm center. She had been gently shooed back to her small home and told to rest for a week, or longer if her injuries required it. Poe carefully toed off his boots and nudged them together near the door and set down his bag and bottle before turning toward her, looking a little sheepish. “So, uh, should we sit?” “Whatever you want.” Truthfully, Theia had been hoping that Poe had forgotten when she had agreed to tell him about the ugly scarring on her back and the stories that came with them. Maybe he’d get sidetracked with the upcoming arrival of Chewbacca and Finn back from wherever-they-were with the Jedi. Maybe he’d get so invested in tinkering with his x-wing that he’d lose track of time. Maybe he just didn’t…want to come anymore. But the galaxy was not on her side. Awkwardly, and without grace, Theia plopped down on the side of her small bed and Poe quickly sat down in the one chair beside her table after she waved him toward it. “Is there a particular one you want to know about or should I just start talking?” Poe shrugged. “I just…don’t want you to be uncomfortable.” “Well, I already am,” Theia said as she rose from the bed, needing to move despite just sitting, and rifled through the bag he had brought and plucked one of the two containers out and settled back onto her bed, popping open the lid and tossing a small bit of bread into her mouth. As she chewed, she watched Poe shuffle a bit on his seat and then glance a few times at the shining, amber liquid in the bottle on the table beside him. Good. He was uncomfortable too. “So, what is exactly in that bottle?” Poe quickly grabbed it. “It’s from Naboo. It’s supposed to taste like honey and flowers—and it’s supposed to be really-” The words seemed to die on his tongue when Theia reached forward and grabbed it out of his hand. She screwed the cap and sniffed then shrugged when she didn’t smell anything rank or poisonous within the golden waves. Theia tipped it back and drew a large gulp in and swallowed. She wasn’t quite sure what flowers and honey were supposed to taste like but the drink burned all the way down and she would swear she could feel it pooling in the recesses of her stomach. But almost instantaneously, her head felt a bit lighter, the tips of her fingers tingled. And she threw another bite of bread into her mouth. Glancing up at Poe, she almost smiled. His mouth was only slightly ajar and his thick eyebrows were knitted together. “I…don’t think you’re supposed to drink it like that.” “It didn’t come with instructions and I think this will actually make it a bit easier for me.” “We don’t actually have to do this-” “No. We do.” Theia wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and handed the bottle over to Poe. “You…deserve to know.” She had to do this. Dameron believed her when others might have thought she’d “reverted” to a basic instinct to being loyal to the First Order when that hatch opened. But he hadn’t. He had believed her. Theia squared her shoulders, muttered, “courage—get it over with,” and tried to square her shoulders but it pulled at her sutures. “Uh, a lot of my memories are a little hazy from when I was younger. But, I can remember watching a group of officers coming back from planets that were loyal to the First Order. They had these little baskets and sometimes I could see the baby’s little hands reaching up, toward the officer that was carrying them. Some cried and cried and cried until they disappeared into the nursery. I assumed they stayed there—that I stayed in the nursery until I could walk. I don’t remember a lot but I do remember this thing called the Box. If I acted up or didn’t understand something, we were all shoved inside. It was tiny. I remember having to curl my legs under myself so I could fit. When we reach a certain age—I can't even remember how young I was--you are made to take a series of tests to figure out where you’d be assigned. One of the tests was seeing natural ability with a blaster. The first few rounds were just firing at a target. The next, loud noises are introduced, the third the instructor would take a switch and hit the back of our legs just as we were about to fire. If you fell, you were disqualified. As the other cadets started to drop, the switch rose from the backs of our legs to our backs, inch by inch.” “What happened?” Theia smiled despite the memory. “I just couldn’t seem to miss.” She lifted the hem of her shirt to reveal a faded scar, probably the length of Poe’s trigger finger, right above her hipbone. “The officer didn’t like it. The switch broke and she just…” Theia waved her hand about, searching for the word, “shoved it into my side. And because it was deemed that I deserved the punishment for missing the target, I wasn’t allowed standard medical treatment. It got infected and I had to keep draining it until it finally healed as best it would.” Her finger trailed over the scar again before she tugged the end of her shirt down. “Finn was always getting in trouble when we were younger, you know. Couldn’t hold a blaster properly, couldn’t keep time in a march, giggled when the commanding officer said something he found amusing. That’s how I found him—we got shoved into the Box together one day. He’d been in there for a couple of hours already.” Theia sighed. “He’d been crying; he never has been very adept at hiding how he feels. And after about an hour, I just told him to shut up.” She winced. “I’ve never been good with crying—and he seemed to have a sniffling problem too. He apologized and asked what I was in for. Finn told me he’d been thrown in for accidentally breaking a calcinator during his training. He just kept talking and talking. I think it was so he wouldn’t keep crying. We were friends, I guess, after that. Wasn’t really given a choice.” A small smile pressed at her lips. “Anyway, that’s when more trouble started. I just…hated hearing him cry. And when we were finally pulled out of the box, Finn was so small—in every sense. He was short, skinny.” Theia’s fingers drummed against the bowl she held in her hands. “It was stupid, you know, what I did. I knew the commanding officers knew what I was doing—they knew I was a better cadet than him. He’d fall out of step and I’d trip to make sure that I looked like I caused it. He’d miss a target by a longshot while we were at the range and I’d purposely shoot so poorly that I was send to the box for a week. Stuff like that. But, like I said, they knew. The officers always knew.” The room was quiet for a moment. “What happened?” Poe asked quietly. “I think they wanted to see how far they could push me. Finn would be given tasks during group training that they knew he would fail and they knew I’d take the blame. One commanding officer—I remember her very well, her name was AV-2296. She was fond of this weird weapon—commanding officers weren’t allowed to use blasters so they had to improvise. It looked like a whip, felt like a whip. When Finn would trip and I would trip, she’d make sure to get in a few extra hits before she was called off by another officer.” “Did they care about you?” “Hm? No. I was a good shot, showed some promise in the TIE Fighter program. It wouldn’t be cost efficient to lose me. That’s what I was told. Money was keeping me alive.” Again, Theia reached for the bottled and threw back a gulp. “Speed was always a factor in training.” Almost subconsciously, Theia’s thing fingers trailed up over her hip to slide across her back. “I wasn’t going fast enough when I was learning how to repair the large-scale blasters at the front of the TIE fighter I was assigned. The pilot, who was supposed to be my mentor, grabbed my welding wrench and ran it across my back for taking too long.” She paused, flashes of the man’s apathetic stare as he held the red-hot tool in his hand flittering across her mind. “Burnt skin—that smell tends to stick around for a few days.” Another sigh moved through her and she tore off a piece of bread and balled it up between her fingers. “I don’t think he liked me very much. Kept reporting me to Hux for ‘failure to submit’ but I managed to weasel my way out of a few scrapes.” “You had meetings with General Hux?” Theia hummed before tossing the ball of bread into her mouth. She chewed it and swallowed, trying to silently buy herself more time for the questions she knew would tumble out of his mouth sooner or later. “Yeah, he wasn’t exactly my friend. And I wouldn’t really call them meetings. More like interrogations.” “I’ve had a few of those in the First Order.” A small smile touched his lips before he shook his head and leaned forward, gently pulling the glass bottle from her hands. She tried to ignore how his roughened fingers felt against her own. He took a long pull of the liquor. “Tell you mine if you tell me yours?” “You go first.” Theia wanted to roll her eyes. The tingling from earlier had started to increase, her head became a little lighter. Everything felt softer, calmer—easier. It was strange. And suddenly her shirt was off. Theia held out her hand for the bottle, almost laughing at the bright red hue staining Poe’s cheeks. He fumbled with it before handing the bottle over. Theia took a gulp, a few droplets of the liquor falling onto her chest wrappings. Scars were exposed. Twisting and jagged pink and white lines littered her stomach and covered her back and shoulders. Her new sutures stung a bit with the hasty movement but the sweet liquid took the edge off and she took another gulp. “Hux knew about my protective nature over Finn. Used it against me. He kept threatening Finn, telling me that he’d have Finn killed if I didn’t submit. So, I did everything I could to become the perfect trooper, the perfect TIE pilot. But they were brutal. It was like they wanted to make an example of me and Finn. The beatings got worse when Hux was involved.” Theia set the bottle down, nearly spilling it as her head continued to get lighter and lighter. She moved to turn, giving Poe her back and displaying her scars in the bright light of the room instead of the darkness he had previously spied them in, but ended up collapsing onto her small bed with an ‘oof’ which was quickly followed by giggles. Her food container was long abandoned. For a moment, it didn’t matter that her scars were shining in the light. It didn’t matter that Poe was seeing them. It didn’t matter that she still had flashes of her upbringing in the hold of the First Order rushing her head at uneven intervals. Poe jumped to her side, his dark eyes a little wide. “You okay?” “That juice makes me feel funny.” She giggled again and grabbed his hand with her own and managed to place his warm hand against her back, holding it there with a strange, soft smile as she looked at him as he settled onto the edge of her bed. “Most of these are from Hux, you know.” Theia’s voice was airy, her eyelids suddenly feeling heavy “And, uh, did you know that Commander Ren hacks at the command stations when he doesn’t get his way. Hux would throw me against it when he was angry. Slap me around, push me down, to make sure I was hurt. I would bleed and bleed and bleed—all over the place. Finn learned how to help me, tried to learn how to sew me up. He kept saving my life—he said it was payback.” Theia’s fingers slipped off of Poe’s hand but her smile continued to grow as she felt his fingers tracing over the raised ridges of the menagerie of scars across her back. It was soft, light. Theia looked up at him to see his dark eyes filled with sadness. “What’s wrong?” “You didn’t deserve any of this.” “I’ve done terrible things, Poe.” “No one deserves this, Theia.” His fingers continued to trace across her skin. “Not you.” Her eyes continued to grow heavier. “Are you going to tell me about yours?” She weakly pulled at his shirt with a smile. “That was our deal.” Poe chuckled and pulled his shirt off. A few pinked scars zig-zagged across his chest and seemed to go over his shoulders to his back. Carefully, he grabbed her hand and had her trace over the large scar stretching from his left pec to his right collar bone. His stories were filled with childhood antics and heroic acts from his time fighting for the New Republic and Resistance. But one scar, the one bisecting his left side from his ribs to his hips, was the story of his interrogation by the First Order. And somewhere in between stories, Theia had managed to pull Poe onto her tiny bed and they continued to trace each other’s scars, minds hazy with alcohol. Words were hushed. The light above began to dim in time with the sun until they were left in darkness with fingers trailing along. Notes: Thank you to everyone who let me know you like this story. I really am hitting a bit of a block with this story so I might need to take a break, I don't know. But I'll try to push through. Thanks for sticking with me. Y'all are the best. xx