illusion and perception It starts like this: He is seventeen, and being introduced to the Order for the first time. He wears a mask of aggressive indifference, unsure how to interact with the troops. He has been alone with Snoke for two years, training. And now here he stands, being presented as one of the new leaders for the Dark Side. He is seventeen, unsure of himself and those around him. The briefing has devolved into a social gathering, and he stands off to the side, watching. It has been two years since he left, ending the new Jedi Order before it ever really begun. He has not spoken to another beside Snoke in that time, and he is unstable. Kylo Ren is seventeen, and it is the first time he ever sees him . Kylo Ren is unsure, and lonely. And he has just seen the first person to ever steal his breath away. He is now awed and even lonelier than before, because Kylo Ren is sure someone like him will have another, and Kylo Ren is never good enough, no matter how hard he tries. Kylo Ren is seventeen when he first sees Hux, who is two years older and more confident in himself than anyone Ren has met at his age. Hux, with his red hair, height and his easy, graceful beauty, has captured Kylo Rens’ attention for an indefinite amount of time. He wants to meet the man who has so enthralled him, but he is still wearing his mask; because aggression and apathy and masks are all he is good at. They will probably be the only three things he will ever be good at, and it is not something he thinks he could ever be proud of. The first time he meets Hux, it is nothing like he imagined. It goes something like this: It has been three months since he has been aboard the Finalizer , and Kylo Ren is still just as lonely and unsure as he was at the beginning, if not more so. He has had a few outbursts, when he can’t control his temper and doesn’t want to hurt a Trooper. He is wandering the halls, late in the sleep cycle, thinking about his position and, as of increasing frequency of late, Hux. He does not pay mind to where he goes, and lets his feet carry him all over the ship. It is in one unassuming hallway he encounters Hux for the first time. He is leaning against a wall, a data pad loosely grasped in one hand, staring out a window at the distance stars and planets. Kylo Ren does not know what to do. He considers pausing, starting a conversation, and interacting with another being that is not Snoke. But, he does not stop; he keeps walking, watching from his peripheral as Hux glances at him, before looking back out the window. Kylo Rens’ shoulder slump minutely, and he goes on. He wonders if he should go back to his rooms, or maybe to the cafeteria, but before he can choose, someone is speaking his name, someone is talking to him voluntarily. He turns, hiding his surprise behind another mask, this one indifference, an eyebrow raised in a show of slight curiosity. “Yes, is there something I can help you with, General Hux?” He is, for the first time in a long time (two years, three months, and eight days) feeling happy. He watches as Hux frowns, looks at his pad, and then back at him. His stomach starts to feel heavy, and he suddenly knows that this is not going to be the way he expected. “Do you know, Commander Ren, exactly how much goddamned money you have cost me?!” Hux steps forwards, his frown growing bigger, and leaving Kylo Ren feeling as if the ship has been yanked from beneath his feet. “E-excuse me?” He is so much more unsure now, more than he has ever been, he thinks. It is not a comforting thought. Hux’s frown is more a snarl now, and whatever happy feelings Kylo Ren had earlier, they are long gone. “You have cost the Order, and as a byproduct, me , more money than two whole fucking platoons worth of Stormtroopers. Your little tantrums need to fucking stop, or else I’ll be taking it up with Snoke.” Hux grins then, a nasty little thing, full of smugness and arrogance. He thinks that will scare Kylo into submission. But Kylo Ren has never been good at submitting. Not even to someone who has captured his attention so completely. Kylo Ren glares, “Well, General , I think you can keep your opinions to yourself. Unless you want dead soldiers popping up after my ‘tantrums’, you can shove your bullshit back where it came from!” He whips around, cloak billowing behind him, and he marches off, with each step feeling as if he wants to explode and cry simultaneously. He wished that he had had the courage to talk to Hux that first night, or even the ability to explain his condition. But he has lost that chance, and he doubts he will ever get another. Kylo Ren is seventeen, unsure, without friends or allies, and has just caused a rift with the only possible person who he could have formed any sort of bond with. He is seventeen, unstable, and so very, very lost. Chapter 2 : three for a funeral Summary: things get a tense and phasma makes an appearance Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When Kylo Ren meets Phasma, she is not yet a Captain, and it has only been two weeks since that disastrous first meeting with Hux. She is tall and severe, blonde hair chopped short, and an air of…. something draped around her like a cloak. It is in this meeting, that he finds himself a sort of acquaintance (not friend, because he is not good enough for friends ). It starts with anger: He is wearing another mask (he is always wearing masks now), facing down a Stormtrooper, using his too-long limbs and stretched height to intimidate. He is displeased, working his way up to anger. The insolent little bug had decided to question his authority as he was passing by, his squad members laughing before catching sight of him and fleeing. Kylo Ren knows that if he does not stop, this will be the first Stormtrooper he kills since boarding the Finalizer. He knows somewhere in the back of his head, he doesn’t want to kill the man; he is barely out of his teen years, perhaps in his early twenties, and has obviously not yet been in a battle, a real battle where death is third player and cares not for who is winning. Kylo Ren wonders if the conditioning will hold up in this small part of his mind, but he pays it no mind. He can feel one of his fits coming on, and he can only say one thing to the poor man who will be his first kill (but not his last). “This will not be pleasant.” There is a silent sorry shoved in there, in his eyes which break his mask, but only slightly, or the minute loosening of the man’s throat ( when had he done that? he thinks blankly). The man’s eyes have gone wide, and he starts to struggle, arms flailing and legs kicking, but Kylo Ren uses his still-developing powers to still his body, and he tosses the man across the hall, frozen body smacking into the wall with a sickening thud. He can feel the familiar, much hated haze start to fall over his mind; all thoughts focused on destroy as he reaches for his crude lightsaber. But his hand never closes the distance, gangly wrist grasped firmly in a strong hand, long fingers wrapped tightly around his shaking arm. Kylo Ren freezes, eyes fixed on the pale hand attached to him. What? He thinks, mind stuttering to a stop. Nobody, not even Snoke , has dared touch him while he is in one of his fits. Somehow he manages to pry his eyes from the hand (it was calloused and rough, holding his wrist too tight) to the arm connected to it, past that, to the shoulder and neck, and finally to the face. She was pale, like her hand, face stern, cheekbones high and severe, hair matching, the blonde bob sharper than any saber he had seen. “What,” she starts, voice quiet but strong, “do you think you are doing, Commander?” There is no judgment in her voice (no curiosity either but Kylo Ren knows where that leads you), it is just a simple question. (There is nothing simple about this question, though.) He just looks at her, mind still trying to comprehend the fact someone touched me what am I going to do how do I react what is going on and what if I kill her too she needs to leave I’m too out of control what if I tell her to leave why would I do that oh god help. She squeezes her hand, and he can feel his wrist bones grind a little, “Commander?” “I…” He pauses, assessing his options and responses, slipping into another mask, “I was simply educating this Trooper on how he should better respect his superiors. You are?” He asks, as if talking about her sleep cycle or the food n the mess hall. She tilts her head slightly, sharp hair brushing over sharper cheeks, “Official Cadet Phasma.” She still has not released his arm, grip painfully tight (but so warm he notes with wonder, longing hidden deep within, are other people always so warm?). He considers ripping his arm from her grasp (and flinches internally at the thought of the loss of warmth), but does not move. “I think SP-0013 has learned this lesson, sir. I’ll notify his Captain that he needs to be sent in for reconditioning.” She is matter-of-fact and succinct, and he finds it refreshing. “Do that, Cadet, for the next time he crosses me, there won’t be much left for reconditioning.” He is brisk, and sees she understands (of course she would he didn’t try for subtlety) and rips his arm from her grasp, turning away from her and the quietly whimpering man on the floor. He spares him only a sneer, before walking down the hall. He thinks of her, not as much or like he does of Hux, but enough. She stopped a fit, something he thought impossible. And when he has another three and half weeks later, she is there again, not completely stopping him, but making sure he stops before he reaches the point of self harm. She does not show up every time, but enough. They never exchange more than a few sentences, and when he passes her in the halls, she only nods, but it is the most human interaction he has had since that night with Hux, and he welcomes it (but this is all it will ever be, nods and few words, no hugs and smiles, no warmth ). He is still alone, and so lost. He wants something he knows he cannot have (because he is not good enough, never good enough) and he fills the spot where family comrades should be with more masks and apathy and anger. Notes: okay so i couldn't find info for the ranks in the FO, so I used this chart: orig10.deviantart.net/53f9/f/2015/038/6/e/ranks_of_the_stormtrooper_corps_by_bar27262-d8h3guv.png I figure that she'd become captain within the next 15 yrs, and like 'hux, was specifically picked for the role. Chapter 3 : material security Summary: kylo is always angry these days, and hux just has to make it worse Notes: i took a few liberties with the force at the end but i mean, i think it believable with all the shit that happens in the movies and stuff cause of it (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He thinks sometimes, despite what the Troopers might say, as they whisper quietly when he has long past them in the halls, or left the mess. He thinks in those quiet moments, late into the sleep cycle when he has nothing to occupy his attention with. He thinks about his former life; of the man he once called Uncle , and the people he once called Parents (but it is not just once but now and often and he misses them still, deep in his soul where he craves the love he never knew he’d had). He wonders if they have replaced him yet, had another child, or maybe adopted from one of the many orphanages in the Middle and Outer Rims. They are selfless and loving enough, and they are good people. But these are thoughts he only ever brings out when he is so alone, and completely drowned in what they call home sickness . And that is exactly what it is. A sickness that creeps and crawls, hides itself inside memories and everyday thoughts. It invades and warps all that it touches, and as far as Kylo Ren knows, there is no cure. But he has found a sort of proxy; it doesn’t make it leave, but it recedes and hides and he can function for the day. Anger has always been something that comes easy to Kylo Ren, now more so than ever, so when he finally loses it on Hux, so many months after that first meeting, he embraces it fully for the first time, like Snoke had told him, and he lets go. It happens like this: Kylo Ren has just come from his biweekly meeting with Snoke, he is hungry and irritated, exhausted . All he wants is to collapse into his bed with something to feed himself with and then sleep (but when has he ever gotten what he wants?). He is slightly unfamiliar with these halls, unlike with the Finalizer , but that is because there are on one of the smaller moon bases of some Outer Rim planet, surrounded by rocks and cliffs and water and forest. He does not pay attention to the way the personnel whispers and freezes, nor the way the mess hall seems so quiet and, for once, perfectly orderly. His only concern is the food that beckons him from across the room, dead feet dragging him towards a brief respite. But he never makes it. There is a hand on his shoulder, words being spoken loudly in his face, and all he can think is oh god please no not right now just let me go let me go letmegoletmegoletmegoletmego over and over, like a mantra in his head (somehow he knows this will be one of the worst fits yet and he is scared ). “So the gracious Commander has finally deemed us worthy of his precious time? How joyful. ” There is no joy in the angry voice booming at him, just scorn and contempt. Kylo Ren wants to be thrown out an airlock, he wants to hide in his quarters and just sleep (there is nothing for him but emptiness and anguish there, but yet he does not want this human interaction). He levels a dead stare at Hux (because this is the best mask he can do, he is nothing but masks), not even the tiniest shred of patience within him, “You will find, General, that I am here quite often. After, I must procure food from somewhere. It is I and the rest of the staff who should be rejoicing in your appearance. If that is all?” Hux scowls, pale face starting to stain red as his anger rises. He growls his words now, no sign of politeness anywhere to be seen (not that it was there to begin with). “Maybe that would be different if you actually accept my damn meeting requests!” Kylo blinks, the only show of surprise he will allow himself. It takes his weary brain a few seconds to place what Hux is talking about, but those few seconds are enough for Hux to become even more furious, face now a shiny red. But then his mind latches on to a whisper of a thought, something on a data pad he had glanced at a few weeks ago. “Do you mean those budget meetings , General? Because I can assure you, I have never declined the... invitations , merely ignored it in favor of the scheduled training days that are clearly marked on my public program. As I’m sure you are aware.” He gives a small incline of his head, limp black hair brushing against pale cheeks. Hux splutters, an angry huffing falling from his lips, “No training could trump those meetings, Commander. If you attended you would know that there have been sightings of the Rebel Alliance in the area! It’s even been noted that General Leia herself has been on one of their larger transport ships! So, if you would be so kind to bless us with your presence at the next “budget meeting” I think you would find yourself with quite a bit on interesting information!” But Kylo Ren has stopped listening, his breath sucked out of his chest as soon as the name passes Hux’s lips. General Leia General Leia General Leia General Leia who was once a Princess and a mother and a wife and a warrior General Leia herself who had given him candy when he hit his first target at nine years old General Leia who video chatted with him as he trained under her brother and his Uncle and told him she loved him before signing off for the night General Leia who sent him away General Leia who knew about Snoke yet did nothing General Leia who he wants to loath so badly but yet still can not bring himself to do so (she was his mother and a warrior and a princess and a general but he has not seen her in almost eight years and he has not thought about her like this in almost two) . Kylo Ren can feel the anger, nay, the rage , bubble up at the name and the thoughts and the feelings, and the patient restraint he has worked for, the meagre scrap that kept him from killing for so long, was nowhere to be found. He has so much he has not worked out, and hearing her name on another's lips, spoken so caustically only drives him further into his fury. Hux has stopped speaking now, and he watches Kylo Ren’s face carefully, noticing the unbridled fury in his eyes, rolling and swelling like the most powerful of tempests, a raging sea of anger not to be contained, and Hux feels scared (but Hux is never scared and he does not know why the sight of such anger frightens him so). Kylo Ren feels the Force react to his anger, expanding within him like a star, his anger the catalyst for it turning into a red giant, ready to destroy and consume everything in its terrible path. Nothing is safe, and he feels as if he is burning, burning and exploding and so angry. He wants to consume, wants to destroy, and finally, with the force of a contained star, he lets go. His vision is fuzzy and he can hear yelling, he thinks he has thrown a table or three with his free hand, his other occupied with Hux’s pale throat. He is saying something in a low voice, but he knows not what words he speaks. He thinks there might be more going on than he can tell of, as the Force is almost... gleeful in the destruction and havoc he is helping it wreck. He is not sure if he likes this power, but it is thick and heavy, heady, like thick Antivian whisky on the back of his tongue, and he is drunk on the power as it courses through his body. It does not last long though. Just as Hux starts turning purple-red from lack of oxygen, Kylo Ren feels something behind him, the Force alerting to a presence a second too late. Something heavy connects with the back of his head, and he crumples, hand releasing Hux. They both fall to the floor, one breathing harshly and coughing, the other feeling the Force start to recede as the black encroaches on his vision, a bone-deep weariness settling over him like a blanket. He goes with the cooing of the Force, the whisperings of greatness and power lulling him into unconsciousness. Phasma stares down at the two men, face made of pale stone. She does not let stray thoughts cross her mind, focusing solely on the situation on hand. The mess hall was destroyed, thick windows shattered and tables thrown about, a few sitting, broken, outside against some trees. Soldiers and other staff are staring at her, though a few are working through the rubble, looking for dead or injured. She notes how efficient they are; they will get a note in the file on exemplary conduct. Hux catches her attention as he stands. “Lock him up in Solitary, Cadet.” She tilts her head slightly, sharp hair brushing over sharper cheeks, and asks “Why?” before stooping down, and picking the gangly not-yet-adult Commander into her arms and over her shoulder. She walks away from Hux’s bruised pride and body, away from his gaping mouth and angry face. She walks out of the mess and into the hallway and all the way to Kylo Ren’s personal quarters. Notes: eh sorry this took me so long to kick out, just no inspiration for the chapter. updates'll probably be like this; whenever i find the muse for the next slice of life view. hope you enjoyed! Chapter 4 : unsuitable desires Notes: smut my friend, somebratinamask wrote for this bc i couldnt decide if wanted to or not. thank babe, u the best bro It goes something like this: It's been a year living on the Finalizer . The year whips by, as if he had only blinked, but the individual days drag on. It's like hearing with cotton in his ears, or walking without feet. The senses are muffled and numb. It starts with an argument. It's a pattern of comfort, as repetitive and hot as the rhythm Hux's thrusts beat between Kylo's legs. His robe is pushed up past his hips. Kylo doesn't know where his limbs go, if he'll fill into Hux like a puzzle piece, or if they'll collide like separate walls. Kylo doesn't know, so he just grips the edge of the desk and trusts Hux to catch him if they capsize. Hux buries his nose in Kylo's neck, but his lips don't brush against his skin. He just breaths, warm and wet. Kylo lifts his hand to hold him, but Hux gives a hard thrust and Kylo instinctively clutches the wood for balance. Hux digs his thumbs into Kylo's drawers and yanks them down. "Up," he commands, sounding put-off. Kylo arches his ass enough for Hux to pull his drawers to his mid-thigh. Hux drops to his knees. He hooks his hands beneath Kylo's knees and draws him closer to the edge of the desk. Barely, Kylo notices his undone pants and how Hux is stroking himself on the floor. Then Hux catches Kylo's cock in his mouth and Kylo has to bite his tongue to keep himself from coming. It's the hottest thing, it's overwhelming, and Hux's lips are spread wide. His eyes are squeezed shut. He still looks serious, still looks frustrated and tired. Kylo moans. Hux pushes himself onto Kylo, swallowing to the hilt. As he pulls back, his tongue flick outs and curves around his head. Something sharp and good takes over, a spasm that releases the tension in his body and makes every sound and sensation acute. Like he was emerging from a tunnel and casting off numbing dark. Kylo clumsily shoves Hux away, but a strip of cum hits his chin. An apology falls off Kylo's lips. Hux swiftly wipes it off, standing. Then he grabs Kylo's hand and molds it around his cock. His fingers lace through Kylo's and run them up and down his shaft, fast and harsh. Hux cums shortly after with a grunt. Kylo's feeling worn. The desk is sticky beneath his bare ass. Hux stands over him, panting, and Kylo watches interestedly at the way his strong shoulders rise and fall. Kylo swallows his spit to get rid of the dryness in his throat. When Hux looks at him, it's a brief glance, diverted so swiftly as to seem unintentional. Kylo wants to apologize again. Instead, he picks up his drawers and readjusts his robe. When he hops off, the desk makes a creaking noise. Hux pointedly glares at the groan. Kylo trains his gaze to cool. "I imagine you'll be adding that to my list of damages?" he asks, letting his tone tilt snidely. Hux's auburn bangs spill over his eyes, stringy and soft in sweat. "Can't leave things neatly, can you?" he retorts. He shakes his head as he fastens his belt. "Kylo Ren, the perennial brat with a stupid mouth he thinks is smart." Each word is clipped like a bullet. Kylo can't think of a damn thing to say, so he makes sure his shoulder knocks into Hux as he escapes his office. Chapter 5 : shadow guide Summary: a little peek at phasma She looks, and sees . But they never realize, because she gives them what they want. They never try to look further than her exterior, preferring to take her at face value. Which is stupid, and goes against their training. In the First Order, there are always ulterior motives. They should know better. Like she does. Like Hux does (though that man is anything but subtle at this point in time). She is blonde and tall, sharp and cold, feared and respected. She is Official Cadet Phasma, hand-picked for the position of Captain once she gains enough experience (not like Hux, never like Hux, with his twisted Game and fast-rise to General). She has watched the boy-Commander, how he struggles with his commitment and his instability. How he wars with the loneliness and fear, his love for those he has betrayed, and she wonders. She never asks, barely even talks to him; to anyone really ( "officer's pet” they call her, whispers trailing behind her in the halls like a flowing cloak; she does not care). So, when he starts to lose it, a few months after being formally introduced, and almost kills a Trooper, she is there, stopping it before it ever really began. He is awed, she can tell, but he doesn’t let it show, and she finds herself impressed (there is more to this child than she thought, and she finds herself intrigued as well). She shows up occasionally, over the next few weeks (that blur into months and she finds herself wondering at the passage of time), but only when she can; she does have work, and troops to keep in order. She stops him, helps him calm, and goes on her way. She doesn’t do much than provide a semi-stable source of human contact for the boy-Commander, but she does enough that he becomes familiar and dependent on her. The thought makes her want to smile, because while she doesn’t do friends , she does do comrades. And it works. He never suspects a thing in all the time she interacts with him. He might be good at looking beneath the visible, but he never looks further than that. Phasma has been playing the Game for a long time, a lot longer than the child, and she knows how to play it well (she relishes in the Game, to stretch her cramped wings, and pick off the weaklings; the Game is her playing field, and she rules it with tight claws and a silent tyranny). She she does her duty to the First Order, trains her troops, does the thrice-damned paperwork, and keeps an eye on the boy who calls himself Kylo Ren. She can feel something coming, some silent swelling in the air, like the hours before a lighting storm out in the country (she remembers lemonade and sweet tea and watching the storms from her screened in porch), or the day before a tornado deigns to hit and cause such utter destruction and leave the dead in its wake (she remembers being fascinated with the swirling mass of wind and loose debris, watching it come ever closer to her home before being redirected by the shields in place). She can only hope nothing happens while they are on the Finalizer , and she finds herself praying to a god she hadn’t believed in almost thirteen years. It does not bring her comfort like it used to. The swelling she feels comes to a head while they are visiting a small moon base of some Outer Rim planet, surrounded by rocks and cliffs and water and forest. She is busy doing her biweekly report, when she feels the swelling, that ominous presence that has followed the ship and everyone on it for so long, lift and coalesce into some greater force. She is already half out of her office when a Trooper comes rushing towards her, giving her a surprisingly detailed and calm report that sums up as this: Kylo Ren had lost it on Hux in the middle of the mess hall after exchanging a few words, and was now choking the life out of the General while tossing tables and people alike with his one free hand. Phasma wants to sigh, wants to just ignore it all and finish her report; but she doesn’t. Instead, she orders the soldier off, rushing calming down the hall while unstrapping her blaster (she knows now that all the time she spent assisting the boy will come in handy here). She reaches the stretch of hallway that the mess is on, and she can hear the destruction taking place, a multitude of troops outside the door. And another joins them, as he literally comes flying out of the door, knocking the lot over like pins (she realizes with a start that Kylo Ren is actually using the Force with reckless abandon, and she is awed somewhere in the back of her mind). She approaches the doors, and sees him there. He is the centre of this storm of beautiful destruction, face twisted into something she can’t place, but recognizes, as he speaks to the slowly choking Hux, his face starting to turn purple. She walks up, taking her time and avoiding getting killed, stepping over dead and injured until she reaches him. He flinches as she brings up the butt of her blaster, but is too slow to react as she brings it forth. He and Hux crumple. When Hux orders her, she offers a simple “Why?” and picks the boy up, bringing him to his quarters. She knows she could catch a lot of flack for not obeying Hux, but she can’t bring herself to care. So she puts two pills and a cup of water next to his bed, and leaves. Her second is waiting for her outside, and he gives her the report as she moves away, back towards her office so she can finish the paperwork she left behind. She wonders what Snoke will do. She idly thinks that the “man” in charge of the First Order is actively encouraging Kylo Ren to spiral out of control, and she thinks it will blow up in his face eventually; but when is a good question. She does not know, and it makes her wary (not scared, she will never be scared again). She does her work, and waits; for what, she can’t be sure, but she knows she will have to be ready when it happens (and she thinks, that eventually, Kylo Ren might become something of a fixture in her life, but she will never admit it).