“Kylo, if you keep darth vader breathing in the walkie talkie I am going to leave your sorry ass down here and you’ll never see the light of day again,” Phasma’s voice comes through, loud and clear in contrast to Kylo’s incessant, crackled inhales and exhales that have been going on for at least half an hour now. Hux laughs to himself as he finishes setting up the system on the three screens in front of him. One monitor for static cameras, one for sound, and the third for miscellaneous notes that he can refer to during or following their investigation. They’re in Scotland, at Kylo’s insistence, and Hux sits in the back of their van, parked comfortably on street level while his friends get their bearings in the infamous vaults below. A year they’ve been on the road; two since they’d first started investigating. Hux doesn’t even need to be fully awake any more to set the systems up, he’s certain that he’d be able to do it in his sleep if need be. He can’t see anything on the monitors yet, Kylo hasn’t switched any of the cameras on, but their ongoing communication is enough to entertain him for now. “Shut up,” Kylo’s voice crackles over a few moments later. In the background, Hux can hear him setting up something made of metal, probably one of the tripods, “You know you’d miss me too much,” “Keep telling yourself that,” Phasma replies, dry. It goes silent for five minutes again, so Hux checks the batteries in the digital recorder and locates Kylo’s spirit box at the bottom of his rucksack, underneath a tangle of earphones and several notebooks. He tests it. No working batteries – as usual. He replaces those, too, and sets it down beside him on the floor of the van. One of the cameras on the monitor has been switched on when he looks back up, and in the initially fuzzy grey-green picture he can just about make out a stone doorway in the far corner. A moment later, Kylo appears in the frame, frowning at the camera lens as he tries to adjust the focus. Hux rolls his eyes at the not-so attractive view of the inside of Kylo’s left nostril. Hux picks up his own walkie talkie, presses down the button and says, “That’s a really great opening shot for this episode, Kylo,” Kylo startles, and Hux watches him with a smirk as he holds his own walkie talkie up to his mouth, squinting at the camera lens as he does so. It’s out of focus again. “Creep,” “Keep the phone sex to yourselves, please,” Phasma’s voice crackles over. One of the other cameras comes online as she speaks, of the main corridor leading down into the vaults. It looks creepy, Hux is once again glad he’s not down there with them. Kylo grins, still on the ground in front of camera #3 as he finally manages to adjust the lens, his face coming into sharp focus, “You’re giving me ideas,” he says, sitting back. Hux watches him fiddling about with some of the emf detectors, “Actually, how would that even work?” he raises his voice a few octaves, fluttering his eyelashes though there’s no one there – he knows Hux can see him, anyway, “Ooh, Hux, fuck me. Over.” Phasma tells him to shut the hell up, and he cackles to himself while setting the emf detector in the far corner of the room – some kind of antechamber, Hux isn’t sure, the maps they’d been able to locate were in bad condition and lacking in detail – and then leaves, disappearing out of view through the eerie looking archway. The remaining two cameras are switched on ten minutes or so later. “That’s us on our way back out,” Phasma lets him know. Hux sees them on their way up the main stretch of underground corridor, via camera #1. He tries not to focus on the steady darkness that remains once they’re out of shot. “See you in ten,” he replies. *** They always go out for dinner before an investigation. Hux can’t remember when, but somewhere along the way it had become a routine that none of them, so far, have attempted to break. Tonight, it’s a local pub, aptly named Frankenstein , set in an old church; complete with a giant Frankenstein’s monster statue in the entrance. Kylo, predictably, loves it. Hux thinks it’s kind of tacky. The only redeeming quality is the surprising attention to detail. The whole thing is ridiculously gothic, at least, and Kylo fits right in with the aesthetic. He’s sitting across the table from Hux, long hair pulled back into a messy ponytail as he wolfs down the plate of chips in front of him. The deep red of the high backed leather chairs they’re sitting in matches his chipped nail varnish, Hux notes, the same colour as the fresh blood that had once been pouring out of the deep wound which now garishly scars his face. Yes – he fits in perfectly. As if sensing Hux’s gaze, Kylo glances up, eyebrows raised. “D’you want any fries?” he asks, nudging the bowl across the table. “ I do,” Phasma interrupts, reaching over and grabbing a handful before shoving them into her mouth. She grins as Kylo shoots her a glare. “I didn’t ask you ,” he says, and then eyes her plate, “Give me some of your garlic bread,” She shrugs, gesturing, “Fine, have some. It’s not my fault I’m always third wheeling here,” she looks over at Hux as Kylo helps himself to some of her offered food, “What’s up? You’re lost in thought,” “Huh? Oh,” Hux stabs at his pasta with the fork, “Nothing. I’m just tired.” He pauses for thought, “Exhausted, actually. I can’t wait to sleep in an actual bed. Preferably a king sized one, so I don’t have your feet in my face and him lying right on top of me,” he jabs in Kylo’s direction with his fork, for emphasis. Kylo snorts. “You’ll get the latter anyway, king sized or not,” “Don’t be crude at the dinner table,” Phasma swats at him with a napkin, “But God. I so agree – you both snore, I’m this close to stabbing one or both of you while you sleep,” she says it with a smile, though, concealed behind a forkful of spaghetti. “Fuck you, I do not snore –” Kylo’s protest is cut off by the presence of a fourth person at the table, politely clearing their throat. The three of them turn to see a teenager in a Ghost Adventures tshirt dithering awkwardly, phone in one hand. “Sorry to interrupt,” they say, “But um. I love your channel a lot, and, would it be okay to get a picture?” this question, Hux notices, is directed mainly at Kylo. He nods, “Sure! Awesome,” he’s grown used to this; being interrupted and asked for pictures or to sign things, over the past year. It was weird and awkward the first time it happened; they were back in America, a gas station near the border between Indiana and Illinois. Their YouTube channel only had around five hundred subscribers, but three teenage girls had approached and asked for photos, and they’d obliged. Hux had opted out, electing instead to take the photo on one of the girls’ phones instead – he hated having his picture taken, every single selfie Kylo had tried to take of them in the past consisted of Kylo grinning stupidly and Hux hiding his face somewhere. It had become a thing. Kylo had, somewhere along the way, become adept at it – he’s the one people seem to want to meet the most; despite lacking in social graces. It’s the biceps, Hux thinks. Isn’t it always? He takes the photo and hands the phone back to its owner who grins and thanks them gratuitously, before scuttling off. Kylo resumes eating his chips as Phasma elbows him with a wink and starts talking. Hux doesn’t listen, all he can think of is their channel ticking past the one million mark and how – selfishly, and he hates this irrational part of his brain – he doesn’t have Kylo to himself anymore. For the first six months after Kylo had dropped out of college and managed to convince Hux to quit his day job – it had just been the two of them driving across America in Han Solo’s stupid, beat up van. Phasma was invited to join them when they realised it wasn’t working with just two people. They still hadn’t upgraded the vehicle, despite each of them being over six-foot-tall, and so it had gone from arguably romantic roadtrip with his boyfriend to waking up at three in the morning with no circulation in his legs, cramp, and at least one person lying right on top of him. But Phasma is his best friend – so he can deal with that. Sixteen year olds on the internet fawning over Kylo instead of actually paying attention to their show? Not so much. He feels awful about it, but it is what it is. Kylo nudges his foot under the table and Hux looks up. Phasma is still talking, but Kylo isn’t paying attention to her. He mouths ‘Are you okay?’ Hux nods. “I have to pee,” Phasma announces when she twigs that something is going on. She stands up and unceremoniously shoves Kylo out of their side of the booth, “So I’ll let you two lovebirds have some alone time,” She disappears with a flounce. Kylo’s staring when Hux looks back around. “What?” Kylo frowns deeply, the scar distorting his features when he does so. Hux wants to reach across the table and smooth it away. He doesn’t. “Something’s up,” Kylo says, “Tell me what it is,” “Nothing,” Hux says, internally cringing at his defensive tone, “I’m fine, really,” Sometimes Kylo’s gaze feels as heavy as the world. Hux tries not to shrink back from it. “You’re worried,” he says, thinking aloud, “About me? …About us. You’re – worried about us. Why?” Hux sighs. Kylo starts to reach across the table for his hand and then thinks better of it. Instead, he leaves them clasped together in the middle of the table, looking at Hux earnestly. “Can we not have this conversation here?” he asks, looking around. Everyone else is preoccupied with their dinner, but he feels uncomfortably exposed all the same, “We’re out. We have an investigation in just a few hours. We’re in a hotel tomorrow night, you can interrogate me then, if you must,” Kylo looks like he wants to reply, but then Phasma’s back at the edge of the table, hands on her hips and determination written all over her face. “Right, boys,” she says, “It’s nearly eight, we need to get set up,” It’s a welcome exit. Hux slides out of his seat, “I’ll get the bill,” he says. Chapter 2 Notes: a flashback and some fluff before the paranormal shenanigans ensue (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Three years ago When Hux opens his eyes after being roused from his sleep, it still feels like it should be the middle of the night. A quick glance at the digital clock beside the bed confirms that, no, it’s not technically night time, but it’s still at least three hours earlier than he was planning on waking, and he’s not feeling too enthusiastic about it. He turns his eyes to the window. In fifteen minutes or so, the sun will be shining just so at that annoying angle that manages to hit him right in the eyes. He turns over onto his side, reaching a hand out and finding a space next to him where a body should be. He frowns and runs his hand along the mattress. It’s still warm, which means Kylo hasn’t been gone long. A faint noise in the far corner of the apartment has him sitting up, tugging the covers higher around himself in an effort to keep the chill of the room at bay. He waits for a second, listening to the heavy silence that always settles on them during the night, it’s as if the city comes to a halt, offering them this sheltered place to themelves. It's a childish thought, but Hux clings to it anyway, needing solace and finding it here. Sure enough, only a few moments later, the noise comes again, a faint shuffling. Hux shifts to the edge of the bed and lets his feet down onto the wooden floor. It’s freezing, as usual, one of his socks seems to have gone missing in his sleep. He tugs the comforter off the duvet and wraps it around him like a cloak, creeping over to the screen that divides the sleeping area of their flat from the main living space. Cautiously, he peers around the edge, expecting to see some black-clad intruder in a balaclava, stealing what little possessions they have. Instead, he’s greeted by his boyfriend’s naked back illuminated by soft candle light. His face softens, just a little, at the sight of it. Of course Kylo would be up at this time in the morning. Of course. “Couldn’t sleep?” he asks, padding across the floor and pausing just a few feet away, not wanting to disturb in case Kylo’s doing something important. The man in question glances over his shoulder, eyebrow raised. He’s not got his hair tied up like he usually does, dark strands of it spilling out across the freckled expanse of shoulder. “Nah,” he says, turning back to the low coffee table before him, “Did I wake you?” “I think I woke up of my own volition this time,” Hux replies, “The sun would have woken me up soon, anyway, might as well skip the grief,” The curious noise commences, and Hux realises that Kylo’s got his cards in one hand, shuffling the deck with practised ease. Hux moves a little closer, settling down on one of the floor cushions and crossing his legs. From here he can see Kylo’s eyes are shut. In the dim glow, he looks almost serene. “Want me to –” “No,” Kylo opens one eye, interrupting him mid-sentence, “Stay,” “Okay,” His eye falls shut again as he fans the cards out in front of him. Hux has always loved watching this, its worth it for the look of calm concentration on Kylo’s face, the rare serenity that seems to settle over him in the quiet moments he spends meditating and reading his cards. Hux had made fun of him for it at first – but then, well. Things changed. Kylo inhales deeply, then blows out a steady breath through his mouth. His hand stops over one of the cards and his eyes blink open again as he selects it, turns it over on the table and studies it. Hux isn’t naturally intuitive. He can memorise the meanings of tarot cards from any old library book, but he’ll never be good at it in the way that Kylo is. Besides, the cards don’t always mean the same things, apparently. Or so Kylo tells him. “The fool?” He asks, raising an eyebrow. The picture depicted on the card is worn, but he can still make it out clearly enough. A figure dressed in green, ready to step out and walk across what looks to be a bridge made from a rainbow. He turns to Kylo, who’s still studying the card, lost in thought, “New beginnings, right?” He catches a hint of a smile on Kylo’s face before the concentration is back again. “Yes,” he says, “But here it means…a journey. Spiritual - but maybe also a physical journey,” he taps his fingers against the card, his eyes very dark, “We’re going somewhere, Hux,” he says, turning. Hux meets his gaze steadily despite the chill creeping down his back. “Where?” he’s used to this, by now. Kylo’s impulsiveness. His ridiculous, whimsical nature. It excites and infuriates him in equal measure. He already dropped everything and ran when Kylo needed him to, it makes no difference if he has to do it again. “I don’t know yet,” he turns back to the cards, lets his eyes slip shut, and picks another, turns it over and sets it down next to the first one. Hux snorts at it. “The lovers,” he says, “Really. Original,” he’s talking to the deck of cards, more than anything. He’s heard Kylo doing it before, thinks nothing of it now, really. Kylo shoots him a look. Hux rolls his eyes, “Fine, interpret it with your mystical intuition,” he’s smiling, though, to soften the words. Kylo huffs at him. “What do you think it means?” he asks. His eyes dart down to Hux’s lips almost imperceptibly, then back up. Hux thinks, he better not be trying to seduce me through clairvoyance , and shuffles a little closer, peering at the card. The meaning is probably the most obvious one to someone who doesn’t know the cards inside out like Kylo does, and Hux says as much, “Lovers, right?” he says, pointing to the picture which shows a couple participating in a celtic handfasting ceremony, “So. A relationship. I’m guessing a romantic one,” he leans over and rests his chin on Kylo’s shoulder, “Are your cards telling you that you’re going to whisk me off on some romantic getaway?” the thought makes him want to laugh. He doesn’t, Kylo would only be offended. “Not exactly,” Kylo says, and he shifts to lean back against Hux’s chest, “The cards are never that obvious, but,” he pauses, “We’re going somewhere. The two of us. Only, I don’t know if that’s literally, spiritually, or both,” Hux snorts. “Right, well, that’s helpful,” he rolls his eyes and gives in to the urge to put his arms around Kylo’s middle, hugging him from behind, “Thank you, oh magical pieces of card for your divine wisdom,” “Shut the fuck up,” Kylo says, but there’s no heat in it. He turns his head and looks at Hux through his lashes, “Asshole,” “Mm,” Hux hums, his nose brushing Kylo’s cheek, “You love me,” “Unfortunately,” Kylo leans in to close the gap, shielding Hux’s eyes from the first few rays of sun that threaten to creep in the window and disturb him from the safety of the night. Notes: Kylo's tarot cards in this are loosely based on one of my own decks, the wildwood tarot, though I changed the names to the more widely known ones used in the traditiolay ryder waite deck. card imagery can be seen here and here. as always, comments and kudos are really appreciated! thank you for reading Notes: there are probably ridiculous language inconsistencies in this bc i keep trying to write characters who are american when i am...not american so ??? sorry