Chapter 1: 5 years earlier: Rey had finished packing the last of her things at her Uncle Plutt's small home, ready to begin her new adventure. She was heading off to college to earn her bachelors degree in automotive design. She had always been handy around the garage her Uncle owned, always helping him whenever she had time away from school and her friends. Rey always loved every aspect of cars from the moment she was dropped off to live with Unkar. She wanted to own her own business, whether she sat at home designing new kinds of cars, or getting grease smudges all over her body from working on them all day. Her two best friends, Poe and FInn, were already in the driveway waiting to pick her up, both of them already attending the same school a bit earlier than she had. All three were going for the same degree, all three had the same dreams, owning a business together. They fed off each other's passion, supporting one another when it was needed. One person in her driveway, may not have been too excited about her departure. Ben Solo. They grew up as neighbor's since her case worker dropped her off. They definitely did not get along at first, he always would tell her how annoying she could be, and she always told him when he was being a stuck up prick. As the years went on, when she wasn't with her friends or her Uncle, she would spend time with time with him, hidden up in the attic of his house, somewhere he liked to be whenever his parents were fighting. Those two were extremely famous for the amount of fighting they did. But when they weren't fighting, Ben would have to come hide out at Rey's house, to get away from the lovey aspect of their relationship. He didn't know which he hated more. Once she was gone, he would be alone again, even though Rey reminded him time and time again, he has a phone, he knows how to use it, and if he could always come back and visit her whenever he was on break from his schooling as well. "Why couldn't you have come to school with me? Why with those bone heads?" Ben's voice was low, his eyes flickered up to Poe and Finn, who were both messing around with the other while patiently waiting on Rey. "They aren't boneheads-" Rey stopped before she followed Ben's gaze, before shrugging her shoulder's, "Okay..maybe they are. But they're my bone heads. And we've gone over this. We both know I'm not very much into the Corporate America side of business. You are. You go achieve your dreams, I'm a phone call away. Things won't change just because we're not in the same state for a while. I will miss you being with me late at night though. Watching stars on the roof with you was always my favorite time." She had to get up onto her toes just to be able to reach his cheek to kiss it before hugging him tightly. After another moment she finally broke away, before she grabbed her things, running off towards Poe's car who he affectionately called "BB-8". Things wouldn't change between any of them. After they all earned their degree's, they could all come home and reconnect. They could all plan their next move. Once Rey was in the car, she was already counting down the days until she would reunite with her best friend, and when she could start working on cars again. Over the course of many breaks though, she began to see less and less of Ben whenever she came home, and each time she had, his attitude was worse, he was beginning to become someone she didn't remember, someone she wouldn't even call a friend. Eventually she gave up on the cause, only returning home to visit her Uncle, who always had a car waiting for her to work on each time she came home. He might not have been able to provide much for her, but she always told him he gave her more than she could have ever hoped for. And that she was always truly grateful for. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Present Day: It was only 5:30 am when Rey got out of her car, and opened the doors to D'Qar Garage . After the few years of college they had to attend, they finally were able to lease out their own garage, just as they planned. Business was slow at first, but after the first few months, business boomed. They almost couldn't even keep up with all the customers they had, and they absolutely loved it. Business now was at a steady pace, something that they grew in sync with. Rey sent monthly checks home to help out her Uncle who had been in an accident and couldn't go to work for the last few months while he recovered. It brought Rey joy that she could help out in some way, she felt as if she were paying him back for everything he had ever done for her. Sitting down at her desk, Rey went over the day's scheduled appointments, dividing them out evenly between the three of them so that none were over worked. It wasn't until she scrolled over a familiar name, that she stopped dead in her tracks. Solo . No first name though, was it Han? Leia? Ben? She left that one for herself, and she wouldn't be finding out which Solo she would be running into, or how awkward the situation was going to be until about 6 pm. She rubbed her hands over her face for a moment, letting a sigh out into them. It had been at least 4 years since she had last seen Ben. Was she really up for dealing with his arrogant personality? And why the sudden change? Over those 4 years, Rey had never figured out what made him change. She couldn't bother to think on it now, as her first customer of the day had come in, needing to get an oil change before heading off to work themselves. 5:45 pm: "You sure you don't want one of us to handle this one for you? We know how hard it was for you the last time you saw him." Poe said to her, resting his hand on her shoulder. He could tell his friend was already stressing out, she had been off the entire day. Neither knew why until Finn went through the appointments did they find out. "As much as I appreciate the thought, we don't even know if it's him coming in, you know?" Rey shrugged, appreciating her friend's offer, but this was something she was going to have to do herself. "Well, I guess we'll be in the office getting ready for our next appointments, call us if you need us, alright Rey?" Finn told her, only leaving with Poe once Rey nodded towards him. She sat down in her chair near the front desk, spinning from side to side while she watched the door. She only snapped back to reality once she heard a car parking, and a door slamming. In came a man in a buiness suit, hair immaculately in place, and a serious face to match. Rey sucked in a quick breath, before hopping down on her feet. "So what seems to be the problem with your car sir?" She started. Maybe if she just acted like she didn't know him, he would act the same, and they could both just get this over and done with. But she quickly felt two angry eyes on her, boring deep into her soul almost. "Mr. Solo?" She asked, raising an eyebrow. "Cut the crap Rey, we may not have spoken, but don't play dumb. It never fit you anyways." Ben snapped at her, his eyes narrowed. Well this was already off to a great start, way to go Rey. Chapter 2 Chapter 2: Rey glared up towards Ben, her arms crossing her chest as she huffed. "Listen here Benjamin Solo, you don't get to come into my shop, and talk to me that way, especially with the way you turned out, especially since you thought it best to toss away the friendship we had." She turned her head, glaring again as Poe and Finn couldn't help but watch this go down, "You're in my shop. My shop, my rules." She said before she walked off, looking around his car, "Now then, what seems to be the problem with it?" She glanced back his way once Ben shrugged his shoulders, his hands now shoved deeply into his pockets, "I don't know, just needs to be looked over. And I know you're one of the best mechanics out there. Know you wouldn't screw me over." Rey narrowed her eyes towards him, "Oh, like you screwed me over?" She rolled her eyes his way before continuing. "And I'm the best mechanic out there. And don't you forget it." She said before grabbing some of her tools, waving her hand towards him, "I'll be a while, you can go sit or something. I don't care what you do, just leave me be to work." And so he did, he sat down in one of the chairs they had out, but instead of reading like any other person would, he sat there with his eyes fixated on her, watching each and every movement she made. That didn't make her feel uncomfortable or anything, nope not at all. 8 pm: Poe and Finn approached Rey, who was still underneath Ben's car, fixing what should have been done months ago. He had a list of simple things that were wrong with his car. Squeaky belts, bad rotors, a leaky radiator, and some messed up spark plugs. To any other person, these would be a simple fix, but this was Ben, someone who was by no means mechanically inclined. "Hey Rey.." Poe started, Finn turning his head to watch Ben, "We're heading out for the night, do you want us to wait for you, or are you fine here?" Rey rolled out from underneath the car, quickly standing before wiping the smudge of grease off her forehead, well, only making it worst honestly. "I'm fine, work here is done, just need to clean up and add up the bill, thank you guys, I'll see you tomorrow." She said before she gave each a small hug, placing a soft kiss on their cheeks. Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed Ben's knuckles whitening from squeezing the arm rests so damn hard, jealously taking him over in the moment. This caused Rey to smirk, knowing full well, all these years later, how to make him jealous, but he lost that right years ago when he shattered what relationship between them was left. After cleaning herself off in the back, Rey returned to her desk, adding up the expenses of fixing the car, before presenting the bill to Ben, who was waiting on the other side, drumming his fingers impatiently against the desk. "I'm done, you can pay now, and quit it, that's getting on my last damn nerve." She got up, leaving him to run his card through while she gathered her things to leave. "Alright, are we done here? It was uh..nice seeing you I guess." She shrugged before she walked away from him, only stopping when he reached out and grabbed her arm. "Hey! Let go!" She shouted, pulling away from his grasp. "What was that all about? Before? With those two? After all this time it's still your aim to make me jealous? You think it's funny? Think it's some kind of game?" He snarled, his eyes narrowing towards her. "Hey now! You lost that right to care! I'm 24 fucking years old Ben, I don't need someone telling me what to do! Especially not you!" She huffed, her hands balling up into fists. "You never even gave me the fucking chance to explain! You only heard what you wanted to hear and you left!" he shot back at her, "You told me to go for my dreams and I did just that! And you turn your damn back on me?" "I never said to let that snake of a boss of yours get into your head! You wouldn't listen to me when I said he was changing you! You used to be so kind, and caring. You loved your parents, even with what they put you through, and when I came back, all I heard was you shouting at them, and telling them that you hated them, that Snoke was always right about them, just because your mother is in the senate, and you're dad was a war general, turned smuggler, gave that man no right to plant seeds of doubt into your head!" She crossed her arms before continuing, "And just..the way you looked at me, like I disgusted you, because in your mind, you were so much better than me, I was just a greasy mechanic while you were a clean, well dressed, CEO in training. You started looking down on me, like you wished you never knew me! I want the Ben Solo I knew to come back, but we all don't get what we want, now do we? Now get the fuck out of my shop. I want nothing to do with you." She told him, before turning on her heel and storming back towards her car. Fuck, she was crying, god damn it, why was she crying? She told herself time and time again that she wouldn't cry if she ever saw him again, he didn't deserve her emotions, he deserved nothing from her. Tap Tap Rey looked up, and there he was, did he not know when to give up? Rolling down her window after she started her car, she didn't give him the pleasure of her glance. "What do you want?" He said nothing but handed her a card and walked away, getting into his car as well, and leaving. Kylo Ren Starkiller Inc. "What the?" Rey stared dumbly at the card, wondering why the hell it said Kylo Ren. Who the hell was Kylo Ren? She shook her head and flipped the card over, reading what he scribbled on there. Just meet me for a drink tomorrow at the Cantina, give me a chance to talk. I'll be there at 8. Rey rested her head on the steering wheel, sighing loudly into it. What did he have to explain? There was nothing to explain, she's heard it all before. Snoke wants me to take over, Snoke thinks I can bring this company to new heights, Snoke thinks I'm one of the brightest employees he's ever had. Snoke this, Snoke that. She was so sick of hearing about this man. This man was using him, that's what Han's told her. He was using him for his power, a power that had faded from Snoke as he aged. Snoke was willing to use anybody and anything to get what he wanted. And Ben was just too damn stupid to see this, falling for every lie that he was told. She understood, only to a point, after growing up the way he had, Ben was excited at the idea of someone believing in him, thinking he could change the world for the better. Everyone else could see through Snoke, but not Ben, not ever. When Han tried to tell his son this, he destroyed half of the living room in a fit of rage, going on about how he was never a father for him, he was never there, so how would he know these things? Han was just jealous, in his mind, that someone else was playing a fatherly role towards him. Ben would make him see, he would prove him wrong. Those were some of the last words Rey heard him yelling at his father before he stormed out of the house right into her. You're nobody, you're nothing. No one wants you, not even your parents, that's why they left you behind. That's why you had to live with Plutt, because they didn't want you. You'll never be good enough for anyone. Those were the last words she ever heard from him, before she slapped him and ran into her Uncle's house in tears. How could someone ever be so cruel? Someone who once claimed to feel exactly how she had, someone who promised he would always want her. How could he have turned into this monster before her eyes? She would meet him tomorrow, she had a lot to get off her chest as well, and if he was going to spew some fake story, she would be there to shut him down. Chapter 3 Notes: So I want to start off with a really big sorry, works been keeping me really busy lately, and my birthday was this past week, which of course fell on one of the busiest days of the year for work. I've just been trying to catch up on sleep in between, so here we are, I'm going to try and attempt to come out with updates each day I'm off, which is about two days a week. Again I'm sorry! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 3: 7:00 p.m. "Rey, are you really sure this is a good idea?" Finn began as he and Poe watched Rey getting herself ready in the bathroom. She was dressed in a simple pair of tight blue jeans, paired with a white v-neck, teasing at what little she did have. "I mean, it's been how long? Do you really want to re-open that can of worms?" He sighed, looking over at Poe with concern. "We just don't want to see him hurt you again, do you not remember how long it took for you to recover from the first time? I know you're strong, and you have things to say, but is it really worth it? Maybe it's best to just write him off as a lost cause." Poe joined, rubbing his hands over his thighs, nervous enough for the both of them. Rey emerged from the bathroom, after taming her hair back, shaking her head at the both of them. "As much as I appreciate you both being concerned for me, it's something I have to do. Someone has to stand up for him, and make him see how much of a sorry ass that he is. He's pushed everyone away that cared for him, and for what? Money? I mean come on, the four of us grew up together, you didn't see us three turn against each other in the end?." She sighed, "I have to do this. If anything, it'll seal those can of worms permanently so I can truly just move on with my life." She stated, a small smile spreading across her lips. "I don't know when I'll be home, depends on how quick I can shut him up." She laughed quietly, "whatever you guys order, save me some, kay?" She told them before she grabbed her keys, leaving the two alone as she made her way to the cantina. 7:50 p.m. Rey sat in her car, engine shut off, door halfway open. She hadn't been nervous the entire drive here, only once she opened her door did it hit her how nervous she truly was. "Cut it out, you've got this. Don't you let him get to you again." She spoke softly to herself, shaking off whatever feeling of anxiety she had. Finally feeling brave enough, Rey stepped out of her car and shut the door, locking it behind her. Slipping her keys into her pocket, she quickly walked into the establishment, finding a seat by the bar. She ordered herself a soda, knowing full well she was going to need to be sober for this conversation, maybe she'd have something else later, but for now, the coke would suffice. "So you actually decided to come? Didn't think you would." Said a cool voice that slowly sat down beside her. "Should I be calling you Kylo now? I mean, c'mom! What kind of name is that?" Rey began as she turned in her seat, her eyebrow raised, "did your precious Snoke, come up with the idea?" She rolled her eyes, starting to turn away before her arm was grabbed to stop her. "You don't understand at all. Do you? I'm being torn apart Rey, constantly feeling the pull to come back home, to my parents, to my friends, to you." Ben sighed, looking over at her, "But...he is wise, so yes, it was his choice to change my name..to rid me of the baggage that comes from Han." "You mean your father Ben. You can be Kylo, or Ben, or whoever, but that doesn't change who your family is. Do you not get how jealous I was? Growing up, watching you have parents that practically would wait hand and foot on you if that's what you wanted? And you treated them like garbage in the end. If you felt some form of pull, you would have been back. That's how I know the Ben I knew is gone, so why am I bothering sitting here, listening to someone named Kylo spew absolute garbage that probably isn't true?" She hissed, curling her fingers into her fist, anger growing deep within her, "you are a liar, and you are a coward. You never gave a damn about anyone your entire life. Everything that came from your mouth has been a lie, and it took me too long to realize that. You've grown to toy with people's emotions and love it." She got up from her chair to leave, Ben quickly scrambling behind her. "You still don't get it! You still don't give me the damn chance to speak!" Ben growled in return, still in pursuit of Rey as she quickly made her way out towards her car. He caught up with her in a few long strides, one of the perks of being so god damn tall. "He's got shit over me, okay!? Are you happy now Rey? You happy to know everything? I'm being blackmailed, okay? So I'm sorry, yes I have to do as he says!" Rey looked back at him, wide-eyed and confused. "And pray tell, what does he have over you? I know absolutely everything about you, so what does he have on you?" She asked, leaning against her car, arms crossed against her chest. Ben placed one hand beside her head on her car, sighing as he dropped his head. "I want to tell you...more than anything, but I can't. I don't want to drag you into this. Please, you have to understand." Rey shook her head and unlocked her car, pushing at his chest to get him to look at her, "you already have, now get in the car, you're going to tell me if its that last thing I get out of you." She said and motioned for him to get in, climbing into the drivers seat. This night hadn't gone as she thought it would, and there was no end of it in sight. "order extra of whatever you're getting, I'm bringing company." She quickly messaged Finn, not bothering to look at his response once Ben climbed into her car, once he pushed his seat back. They were both in for a long night, that was for sure. Notes: I'm sorry it's short:/ but I wanted to be able to give some form of update, next one will be longer for sure though! Chapter 4 Notes: I know this chapter has taken forever, but it's here! Should be able to update some more since I moved and have use of an actual computer, lol, hopefully you guys like this, hopefully it makes ups some for not being around lately. Chapter 4 Putting the car in park, Rey turned to Kylo, once she took the keys out of the ignition. She quickly reached across and smacked his hand gently away from the door handle, "Let me go in first, and explain. You have to understand, it's been a while for them as well. You can't just go walking in and expect a warm welcome. You thought I was bad? Think of those two as my protective big brothers, you wouldn't last a second." She told him before she slowly backed away from him, slowly slinking out of the car, before making the quick trip inside, leaving Kylo to his thoughts. Kylo stayed in the car, drumming his fingers against the car door, anxiously waiting to even be allowed into the house, let alone back into anyone's lives. Though he didn't deserve it, he was in fact grateful Rey had bothered to hear him out about why things happened the way they did. He truly had a lot to make up for, an no amount of saying sorry was going to help his cause, he knew what he had to do, but he didn't know if he was strong enough to do it just yet. But he knew deep down he couldn't keep both those he cared for, and this job, that would just be too easy, and nothing had ever come easy for Kylo, between home life and work life, he was lucky to remember his own damn name sometimes. Finally released from his own personal hell, Kylo snapped his head to the side at the sound of a few small knocks against the window of the car. "We go straight to my room, i figure it'll be easier for you to talk to just me...instead of around them, because let's face it, they'll just dig deeper into your life than you're willing to go right now." Rey gave a small smile, one hand cupping her other arm as she waited for him to join her outside. "We don't even have to go there if you want..we can talk about whatever you're comfortable with, really. I'm all ears tonight." She said as she took a couple steps back as he stepped out of the car, stretching his long limbs which had been cramped up the entirety of the car ride; he made the mental note to make sure to take his car if this were ever to happen again. Nodding afterwards, he crammed his hands awkwardly into his pockets, following alongside her into the apartment she shared with Finn and Poe. Glancing quickly into the livingroom, he stared intensely at the both of them, maybe a bit too long as they stopped midway between bites of their food, the same intensity given in return. With the tug of an arm, Rey quickly managed to break the staring contest between the three, immature really, she thought to herself as she dragged the man twice her size towards her room. You think it would be easy to get a man into your room...well maybe if circumstances were different. She thought again, shaking her head while she opened and shut her door behind them both. Kicking her shoes off, she plopped down on her bed, laying back against her pillows. Patting the spot on the bed beside her, she ushered him to do just the same, and planned to sit in silence until he decided he was ready to start talking. "I feel like we're five again..sitting in your room, staring at the ceiling and talking to no end, life was easier back then Rey...we didn't have to worry about jack shit," Kylo began, his eyes going back from Rey to the ceiling, "We didn't have to worry about college, jobs, paying our bills, loosing those we cared for, all we had to do, was what our parents asked of us, play, and act as our childhood would never end." He sighed, "And now...I'm being forced to choose, I like the job I have, but do I like some of what I have to do? Of course not, and don't get me started on those I work with, my boss on the other hand, I get what everyone says about him, but it's hard because he's put a lot into me, he's put a lot of belief into me, and just a lot on my shoulders in general. If I walk away, I'm screwing everyone else over for my happiness, but if I don't, I'm sacrificing my chance to be happy again, for everybody's elses needs." He said, turning to face her, his face showing just how much stress he had been under all these years. Letting out a small sigh herself, Rey gently ran her fingers down the side of his face, giving him a small smile, "You have to do the right thing, what's right for you, do you want to continue to be someone elses lackey for the rest of your life, or would you rather be your own person? Free to do what you please, what makes you happy? I know that it's easier said than done, but you have so many people in your corner, so many people that just want what's best for you, whose wanted that for you, for years, some since before you were born." She said before she rested her head against him, letting him talk endlessly until they both passed out, hours later. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 8:00 am "Rise and shine you two!" One voice called out, followed behind another, echoing the same message. Rubbing her eyes, Rey slowly peeled herself up from Kylo's chest, stretching her whole body in the process, "You're lucky the shop opens later than usual today, you stay home, Poe and I have a handle on this; and if he tries anything, you best call one of us and we'll come beat his ass." Finn said, his eyes narrowing towards a still sleeping Kylo. "I mean it Rey, I just don't know how you can let him back in so easily." He said before he shrugged, "Can't be helped, enjoy your day off today though." They both waved before leaving the apartment, Rey still groggily sitting on her bed, trying to process all they had just ran by her. Letting out a small yawn, she slowly rose from her bed, making her way over to her dresser to grab a change of clothes so she could shower before making something to eat for the both of them. Walking into her bathroom, she leaned into the shower enough to start up the water, letting it warm up before she thought about getting in. Pulling her hair down, she ran her fingers though it to get the knots out from sleeping with it up. After she undressed, she quickly hopped into the shower, washing her hair and body, before standing under the warm water, letting it wake up each and every muscle in her body. After her usual 30 minute shower, Rey toweled off and got dressed, raising an eyebrow at the now empty bed in her room. Making her way to the kitchen, she raised an eyebrow as she observed Kylo for a moment, the fridge door wide open as he ate some of the left over lo mien from dinner last night. "Couldn't wait for me to be finished showering? I was going to make breakfast you know." Rey laughed as she hopped up on one of the barstools, shaking her head once he froze and turned around, a few noodles hanging out of his mouth. "Um-" He swallowed quickly, "Sorry, woke up starving..and you know Chinese is my favorite. Couldn't help myself." he shrugged as he shut the fridge door, sliding the box towards Rey to eat as well, "Eh, gives Finn another reason to hate me, how long is that list now?" Rey rolled her eyes at him and shook her head, "He doesn't hate you- doesn't like choices you made- but he doesn't hate you. Nobody does, we were all just kind of shocked, you know? Is what it is though, not like things can't be fixed." Rey smiled at him, taking some noodles in her mouth. "So is there anything you want to do today?" Kylo looked over her, biting at his lip some, "Well.." ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Sometime later: Knocking softly on the front door, Kylo once again crammed his fists into his pocket, which was becoming a habbit as of lately he noticed. "Maybe she's not home...we should go Rey..." "Oh sh, it hasn't even been a minute!" Rey smacked his side, making a face at him before she looked over to the side window, to see if anyone was bothering to come to answer the door. "I think I see someone, I'm not sure though." Rey said, looking over at him, squeezing his arm, "It'll be okay, I'm here for you." The door slowly creaked as it opened, a small and greying woman appearing behind it, a bright smile crossing her face as she spotted who it was, "Hi grandma, long time no see."