You were an officer. A rather good one at that. So good that you garnered the attention of General Hux and, in turn, Kylo Ren. Kylo Ren’s interest in you was vastly different from Hux’s. Where Hux took interest in your work skills, Kylo was more curious as to what your other skills were. You weren’t surprised when Kylo whisked you away from the command center. What you were surprised about was the room he took you to. “Um, Kylo? What the fuck is that?” You questioned, pointing to the disfigured mask on the table. Was that…? Kylo didn’t answer. He simply took his helmet off, letting it fall to the floor. “Take your clothes off.” “I’m not-” “Take. Your. Clothes. Off. I won’t tell you again.” His expression did not change one bit, stoic as ever. With a sigh, you obliged. Slowly, you peeled off your uniform top first, followed by your boots and pants. You pulled your socks off, but paused when you reached your bra. Your eyes connected with the mask for a split second and you lost it. “Ren, that mask is really freaking me out.” His face unchanging as he stalked toward you, a gloved hand knotting itself in your hair. You let out a yelp as he yanked on it, using his body to push you against something. Your hands reached behind you, landing in something powdery. “Kylo-” “Does it look like I give a shit, (Y/N)?” You gently shook your head, only for Kylo to pull harder. “Answer me when I ask you a question.” He spoke through gritted teeth. “N-no, it doesn’t look like you give a shit,” you whimpered, squirming underneath the weight of his body. “N-no,” he mocked you, “that’s what I fucking thought.” And with that, his other hand gripped your throat, the one in your hair moving down to your breast. He used both hands to push you onto your back. You hissed as your shoulders connected with metal, your back bent at an odd angle. Luckily your back pain was alleviated when Kylo grabbed your ankles and placed them on his shoulders. He said nothing as he literally ripped your panties from your body, tossing the shredded fabric to the side. Soon your bra followed, a whine coming from you as he exposed your breasts. His leather-clad hands snaked their way from your chest, down your stomach. They just barely brush over your pussy before they gripped at your thighs, forcing them open. “Look at you, legs spread. Laying on the ashes of my enemies, displayed for me.” Your eyes widened. That’s what you were laying on? “Kyl-” you were cut off by Kylo’s left hand gripping your face, no gentleness whatsoever. “Try again, slut.” “Kylo, please,” You whined, only to be interrupted once again. The hand gripping your chin drew back, only to meet your face again in a harsh slap. Leather meeting flesh, your head snapping to the side. “I thought you knew better.” His voice was even as he stroked where he just slapped you, before doing it again. “Commander-” “Good girl.” He interrupted with praise, the other hand that gripped your thigh slipping higher, his thumb barely pressing into your folds, brushing against your clit. All hesitance towards him fucking you on the burned remains of his enemies dissipated at that action. You released a shaky breath, hips bucking ever so slightly into his hand. “Oh, did you like that?” A smirk pulled at his lips as he brushed his thumb over your clit once again. “Yes, Commander.” You breathed, hoping that would earn you something. “Do you want more?” Again with that thumb. “Yes, please, Commander.” You groaned, head thrown back, hips thrusting against his hand. His thumb very slowly, gently rubbed circles into your clit. “Tell me exactly what you want.” He ordered. “Fuck, Commander,” you were getting desperate, pussy aching, dripping for him. “What kind of answer is that?” He tilted his head, his index and middle finger slipping past your pussy lips, teasing your hole. Your cunt clenched, trying to pull whatever you could into you, but to no avail. “Please,” you took a deep breath, “please, I just want you to bury you fingers in my aching pussy. I want you--I need you--to rub my clit and finger fuck me, Commander.” His hand withdrew itself from your heat, a cry escaping you. Only, his hand came back down to smack your womanhood, leaving a tingling sensation. His other hand came to your throat, pulling you into a sitting position. “That’s what I like to hear,” His face was not even an inch from yours, voice low and breathy, breath hot on your skin. His mouth attacked yours as he slipped his middle finger into you, walls gripping it like a vice. His kiss wasn’t gentle and neither was his thrusting finger. His lips were trying to bruise yours, teeth clacking together. He slipped a second gloved finger inside your wetness, slick sounds being heard, his thumb working at your clit. Every time a moan left your throat, Kylo would bite down on your lip. He curled his fingers inside of you, leaving you gasping as he pressed against the spot. “F-fuck.” You whined into his mouth, your sounds earning you a groan from Kylo. He kept hitting the right spot with his fingers, over and over again. You felt it, a coiling feeling in your belly. You were so close, your pussy walls ready to spasm against his fingers. Only for those digits to be ripped away. “No!” You groaned at the emptiness you now felt. He slapped your thigh with his now wet hand, the one around your neck dropping to grip your tit. “You cum when I let you, do you understand?” You nodded, biting at your lip. He sucked in a breath at the small action, squeezing your breast harder. “You cum when I think you’re ready to cum.” He continued, his voice growing huskier. Slowly, so very slowly, he slinked down to his knees in front of you. “And I…” His hand gripped your calves, positioning them on his shoulders. “Don’t think…” He pressed soft kisses against your sensitive clit, dark waves brushing against your thighs. “You’re…” His breath blew across your wet skin, nose replacing his lips as his tongue dipped into your folds. “Ready.” He finished, all previous tenderness being thrown at the window as his lips attacked your clit. He switched between flicking your clit with his tongue and wrapping his big, plump lips around it and sucking it. God, you loved those lips. Your back arched as you moaned, hips squirming. You gave up on sitting up straight, letting yourself fall back into the ashes. They welcomed you, blowing upwards and shifting under you as you threw yourself onto them. He suddenly nipped at your clit and your reaction was a gasp, hands flying to his hair. You felt the vibrations of his chuckle against your pussy before slurping noises filled the room. Your clit was throbbing, and the pressure in your stomach returned. He showed no signs of stopping, even as your hips bucked wildly at his face. So, you prepared yourself for an earth shattering orgasm. “Yes, fuck, fuck, Kylo- no!” You felt actual tears well up in your eyes as he pulled away. “Not yet, my little whore.” He shooked his head as he stood, “I still want to play with you.” “Kylo, please. Please just let me cum, I’m begging you.” “That’s Commander to you. And your pleads are being heard, don’t you worry.” His hands gripped your hips, yanking you off of the pile of ashes and onto shaky legs. As he did so, your pussy just barely brushed against his clothed cock, so hard underneath all that black. The growl he let out made him sound like he was a feral animal. He wasted no time in flipping you around, hand pushing at your face until you were bending over, face buried into the dark ash. He pressed his covered dick against your ass, thrusting ever so slightly. “Do you feel what you do to me? No one should have this much power over me or my cock.” He snarled, fingers tangling into your hair. He stopped thrusting his hips against you and shuffling could be heard, though you couldn’t see anything. Next thing you know, something cold and hard is pressed against your pussy, running up and down your slit and gathering up your juices. Slowly, it pressed against your hole and pushed into your, splitting you apart. “Fu-, Commander!” You moaned into the ashes. It hurt as the hilt of his saber stretched you, edges catching on your walls. But at the same time the thickness, the grooves pressing against the ridges in your cunt. Kylo, pushing his saber into you until you felt the crossguards pressing into your skin, didn’t allow you much time to adjust to the size. He just began slamming it in and out, fast and rough. “That’s it, back your hips into it, slut.” He groaned from behind you. “Look at this, drooling into the remains of the people I’ve killed while I fuck you with the weapon that killed them.” You didn’t even mind his dirty talk, as morbid as it was. Every time he spoke, your walls would clench against the hilt. “You like it when I say that shit to you, huh? Love when I talk about the blood that’s run down the hilt, the people that have been impaled by it. You’re being impaled, too, aren’t you?” All the while, you were moaning. On the verge of screaming, saliva falling from your mouth and pooling into the ashes. “Aren’t you?” He growled through clenched teeth, shoving the weapon into your pussy hard and fast. “Yes, I am being impaled by your fucking weapon! I love feeling the massive hilt deep inside me, sir!” “That’s a good girl. I think you’re ready to cum. Are you ready, pretty little cock slave?” His hand pulled at your hair. “Yes! Yes, I’m ready. Please, please!” You cried, tightening around the weapon, not wanting him to rip it away. The hand in your hair ran down your back, down your sides and to your front, dropping down to play with your clit. He didn’t say anything more, simply rubbed furiously at the almost overly sensitive nerves. There it was again, the feeling of our climax building up. And you were ready, boy were you ready. Tears were streaming down your face as you moaned, thrusting into the hand playing with your clit. “Yes, fuck! Thank you, C-commander!” You howled, thanking him even though you hadn’t cum yet. But there it was, one more thrust of his weapon and you’d be done. But it never came. The lightsaber was pulled from your pussy, a string of your juices going with it. “Fuck you!” You sobbed, “I just want to cum, please!” A harsh slap landed on your ass. “You cum when I fucking want you to. I don’t want you to cum yet, bitch.” Before you could talk back, that same saber was pressed against your lips. “Clean your filth from my weapon.” He ordered, not giving you much of a choice. As soon as your mouth opened the slightest bit, the lightsaber was down your throat. You gagged around it, throat already hurting. “Suck it like you would my cock. Do it right and I’ll let you cum.” You obliged, hollowing your cheeks and trying your best to suck at the saber. Tears were streaming down your face, you could barely breathe. It didn’t help when his other hand reached around to pinch your nose. All you could do was gag now, air barely making it into your lungs. But it pleased Kylo, you knew. He relieved you of the metal cylinder, letting it fall into the ashes. “Such a good slut. So desperate to cum.” He cooed, flipping you onto your back. His hands cupped your face, running down your neck, chest. His gloved hands grabbed at your breasts, fingers pinching the nipples before he moved on. Down your stomach, to your pussy. Hands ran over your sensitive, throbbing clitoris, eliciting a moan from you. “I think you’re really ready, princess. You’ve had enough, huh?” He slapped your pussy again, a whimper mixed with a sob wracking your body. His hands withdrew from you and slipped under his robes, undoing his pants. He pushed them down, but not far. Just enough for his rock hard cock to spring out. Precum was dripping from the swollen tip. He wanted you just as much as you wanted him. “Are you ready for my cock, little whore?” He questioned, rubbing the head of his dick against your wet clit. Another sob followed by a nod. “Yes, Commander, I’m so so ready.” And with that he buried his dick into your pussy, both of you groaning simultaneously. “So fucking tight, even after I stretched your hole out with my lightsaber.” He thrust in and out of you, balls slapping against your ass. You couldn’t look at him, head thrown back as you sobbed in pleasure. Your tits bounced in time with his thrusts, and God was he enjoying the sight of you underneath him, laying on the people he’d killed. His hand grabbed your face once again and directed it to the side, “Open your eyes, look at the mask while I pound your tight little cunt.” You shook your head, eyes sewn shut as wanton moans escaped you. Thankfully, he didn’t stop thrusting. He did slap your face again, earning another cry. You loved the pain, though. “Open them! Do you even want to cum?” With that threat, your eyes snapped open and stared into the black eyes of the melted mask. “That’s it. Dirty slut,” His thumb attacked your clit as he thrust harder but slower. “Take this cock while he watches. You fucking love it.” “I do, I fucking do.” You moaned. There was something about the Vader mask. It gave a naughty sense of being watched, even though you weren’t. “I know you do. Just listen as my dick slams into your soaking pussy. God, your juices are dripping into... the...fuck...fucking ashes.” He was getting closer, and you were too. You could feel the need to release. He leaned over you, licking at your nipple before his mouth attached to your neck, sucking dark marks into the untouched skin there. “I’m gonna cum deep in that filthy pussy of yours, you want that? You want my seed to fill you up, drip out of you?” His dirty talking was going to send you over the edge. “Yes, Commander, I want it.” You were so close again. His mouth attacked your neck once again, fingers working vigorously at your clit as his thrusts grew sloppy. “Fuck, fuck, Kylo!” You were the first to cum, screaming out his name as you did so. You clenched around his cock, animalistic groans mixing with your name coming from him as you milked his dick. He continued to thrust in and out of you as you both came down from your highs. “Oh...fuck.” You sighed, content. With a chuckle, he pulled out of you and tucked himself away. “That’s my little cum princess.” He patted your stomach with one hand while he slipped his digits into his mouth, sucking your cum from them. With that final pat, he walked out of the room. - BONUS: “That’s my grandson.” Anakin grinned, eyes glazed over with Force tears as he looked on. “So proud…” Notes: ew ew ew