The men that have captured Y/N were not the First Order, yet they were not Resistance. So who were they? Just survivors of a planet that was later destroyed by the First Order. They rallied more people, causing them to have a vendetta against the First Order, and anyone with it. Including Y/N. The lover and friend of General Hux. Their right leg is broken, stomach gashed with deep wounds, oozing out thick, hot blood. Y/N has many bruises littering their face, neck and collarbones. However, on their back, they have whip marks. Tainting their skin. The kidnappers whipped Y/N, trying to submit them. But Y/N would not budge. The men asked questions regarding General Hux; his location, his plan, even something like his name. But Y/N remained truly loyal to the first order. And now they were laying against a wall in their small, metal with dirt floors cell, shivering, alone, hungry, and scared. Y/N can feel the stings on their back. They tried to hold back the blood, but it ran through their fingers with no plans of stopping. "Hux..." Y/N whispers as they close their eyes. "Find me. Please..." Moments later, the door slides open. Y/N flinches. "No more, please no more..." Y/N feels a gentle gloved hand touch their face. "My love it's me, it's Hux." A voice says. He came. Y/N's shoulders start to shake as they sob. They reach out for their General and he responds by lifting them and carrying them close to him. "Cover us." The ginger demands two stormtroopers to follow them to his ship. Fighter against stormtroopers. Lasers flying, screams resonating through the cold air. "Hux..." He hears Y/N's voice and immediately stops, they were safe enough now. "What did they do to you?" He asks softly, running a hand on their cheek. "I can't, I'm not-" Y/N turns their head and coughs up blood onto the ground. You'll be fine, my love. We are almost there, just keep your eyes open. Let me see them, it's been so long." Hux pulls them closer and rests their head on his shoulder. "I'm sorry, General." Y/N wheezes out. "No. Don't." Nothing. Not a heartbeat, a breath, or a sound from Y/N. "Y/N?" Silence. Hux quickly pulls them back. Their usual bright and colored skin white and chilled. "N-n-n-n-no-no-no." He frantically searches for a pulse. Nothing. "Come on, Y/N!" He lets the tears fall. He screams. He screams for them. "COME BACK! COME BACK!! Y/N!" He's in deep denial as he shakes his fallen one. He holds them, his throat becoming quite sore, rain pouring down. He kept screaming. Every man in the galaxy could hear it. Notes: the-imagines-awaken.tumblr.com theaidenellis.tumblr.com