The Book Store The book store had a musty smell clung to it. It almost reminded him of the old factory he used to work in, plowing the machines and sweating through his thick leather apron. But he pushed away those memories quickly, reminding himself that they only brought pain with them. He was a different man now, no longer a petty worker under his uncles reign. He had his own company now, and to be quite frank, he found it doing much better now in just a month of work than the other company ever had in its twenty years. But, of course, his parents had seen his ambition and immediately attempted to talk him out of it. Telling him he was 'too young' and 'in need of more teachings from his uncle'. What did they know? They had abandoned him to a life of apprenticeship under his ignorant uncle. He could look after himself now, he had seen a certain path of life, and knew it wasn't for him, so he made his own. and now, ten years later, he stands strong to the test, his company now moved to London for bigger production, something his uncle could never even dream of. "Can I help you?" The voice snapped him out of his daze, bringing him back to the musty library. He realizes he had been staring intensely at a display of new books. He must've looked ridiculous. "No, no, I'm fine, just interested in this book." He picked up the new title, waving it in his hand, not looking up to whoever spoke to him. He didn't need anymore weird looks from anyone else today. "'Wuthering Heights' I see? You seem more like a 'Frankenstein' kind of man to me." The soft and humorous voice caught him off guard, was this woman trying to make conversation with him? "Surely a man-" Looking up to the young girl, he suddenly lost his train of thought. Brown curls cascaded down to her shoulders, modeling her soft cheekbones and bright eyes. Her smile was small now, but it was blinding all the same. Ben had seen his fair share of women in his travels and work, but never had he come across one such as her. Her beauty was so simple, it needn't be redefined by an products or immaculate dresses. She was the model of natural beauty, and it caused him to stare again now, his mouth slightly agape. "Well, I didn't mean to distract you from your gawking of our books, but it seem to have mistaken your staring for studying." She flashed her smile, causing him to awkwardly chuckle, he could feel his ears burning. "I'm so sorry-" "Rey. My name is Rey Kenobi. Nice to meet you-?" "Ben. Ben solo." He bowed his head a bit, causing his top hat to slide a bit forward. He hears her giggle and he feels the heat creep up to his cheeks now. "Well I will let you continue your search, but let me know if you are in need of anything." The smile. Again. God, what was his problem? He's suddenly become a babbling buffoon in front of this woman he's just barely met. He nods curtly, allowing her to leave the conversation first, before he quickly walks down the aisle, away from the scene. Most embarrassing conversation he's had? Oh yes, but the most delightful in years, yes again. He spends another ten minutes wandering the store, pretending to be interested in other books. He keeps a strict face now, stood upright in a almost stiff manner, not allowing any more emotion to show from his body. Finally, he gathered the courage to grab his books and head to the counter. He prayed to himself that she was somewhere else, helping another customer, but another part of him begged to see her smile again. Sure enough, as he approached the counter, she stood waiting for a customer, almost as if she knew he would come. Taking a deep breath, he mentally preps himself now, ready for a conversation this time. "Well, look who it is! Mr. Ben Solo, find what you were searching for?" "Yes, I decided to follow a lovely ladies advice, and took up Frankenstein and Wuthering Heights." He placed the books down, along with the pouch of money required. "Two books? A man yourself seems to be quite too caught up in his work to read such delicate and needed books." She teased him, which he wasn't accustom to, at all in fact. "Hopefully I can make time." He mumbled, scratching the back of his neck. "What was that?" She looked up to him, being significantly shorter than him, but then again, most people were. "Rey! How is my shop doing?" A man suddenly approached from behind her, around her height, scruffy, but charismatic. "Oh! Hello Poe! It's doing just wonderful! I was just selling these two books to this man here, Ben Solo." The mans eyes went wide, and slowly he smiled, extending his hand to Ben. "What an honor to be in the presence of such a business man!" Ben shook his hand, his grip stronger than he anticipated, but he distributed just as much brute. "Thank you sir, your establishment is quite fine." He nodded at him, still showing no emotion. "Oh no, this? This is just an old library, you, you're the future of business. Good man, I don't know what the world would do without your work right now!" He smiles brightly, just like Rey does, causing him to wonder if they are somehow related. A small part of him hopes so, so she can be free to court. "Thank you, its my hard workers who really provide the world with these new developments, I'm just the brains." He gives him a wry grin. "And the brains you are! Rey, give this man a discount on his buyings, it's the least we can do for such an inventor as himself." She nods and counts out the coins to give back. "Oh no, thats really not-" Ben starts. "Nonsense! I want my customers to feel welcomed here, and that is just what I will do for you!" He smiled again, and now Ben felt so welcomed, to the point of feeling so very cold to such warm people. They welcomed him in and treated him with such respect, and he just stood awkwardly, watching Rey count out the coins before piling them into his hands along with the books. "Thank you again." He forced a smile back to them, and they both flashed theirs. Seeing her smile caused his knees to wobble a bit, but he didn't show it. He began walking towards the door, until he stopped dead in his tracks. What was stopping him? He had business to attend to, yet he was standing in this book store with no reason. Suddenly the smile flashes back in his mind, and he knows why he's still here. He's suddenly walking towards the counter again, not fully aware of his own movement. Rey still stands there, stamping numbers in a book, she looks up when he approaches her, smiling again. He swears to himself that if she smiles one more time, he's going to faint. "Hello again, sorry to interrupt your work," the words tumble out in an awkward tone, causing him to flinch a little on the inside. He'd done numerous business exchanges with men all around the globe, some not even speaking the same language, as him and now in front of this small woman, he was lost for words. What as going on? "But I very much enjoyed our conversation earlier and was wondering if I could ever see you again?" Breathing out a little in relief, her searched her face for an answer. Slowly, her mouth formed into a smile again, and she holds a finger up to him, causing him to wait. She pulls a small slip out from under the counter and quickly scribbles something on it. "Here, you can send letters to this address. I live a little too far away from here to have a proper meet up, but if we talk some more, maybe I can visit with you again in the near future." He takes the paper, reading the address over twice before nodding to her and smiling. His smile this time felt natural. Never does his smile come naturally anymore, not with work and stress and strict business looks. But somehow, this girl has coaxed it out of him, and he's certainly not complaining. Nodding again, he walks out of the store, a small smile creeping onto his face. Chapter 2 : The First Letter Notes: Goodness, it's been a long time. I never lost muse for this story, I just got...Caught up in life I guess. Well anyways, I will try to continually update from now on! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben chews on his bottom lip, staring down at the candlelit parchment before him. He'd been sat at the desk for at least an hour now, trying to express his thoughts into words. His concentration is interrupted when there's a quiet knock on the door. Jumping a little, he quickly turns around in his seat. "Come in." His voice is a blank and deep ring, as it usually was. The redheaded man quietly walks in, walking over with a tray of tea and biscuits and placing them down beside Ben. The man, better known as Hux, had been Ben's right hand servant since he moved out on his own. They knew each other fairly well, but by no means got along well. The man merely did his job and Ben gave him a place to stay and food to eat. Nodding to Ben with an almost distasteful look, the servant heads out, closing the door behind him with a bit more force than was probably needed. Ben rolls his eyes, turning back around to the letter. After another few minutes of staring at the blank parchment, he sighs in frustration, sitting back in the chair. Outside, the moon shone down magnificently on the courtyard. He watches the shadows contrast against each other, taking a sip of his tea. Poems of the moon and the sun come to mind, quietly reciting themselves in his head. His childhood memories weren't that of a regular boys. Most young men would spend time outside, running in the fields and hills while they told silly stories and planned pranks on the young women. But Ben was the one boy who decided to stay in, sat by the fire as he read Shakespeare's stories or philosophical writings of men and women before him. He still enjoyed reading now, yes, but once he learned how the real world really worked, he dropped the books for documents instead. No one ever thought deeply about what they did, but instead superficially. 'Will this help me get more money? Will it make me (temporarily) happy?'. So Ben followed the flow, doing his best to succeed in life and be seen as a 'successful businessman'. When he was younger, he dreamed of other titles, 'Philosopher" 'Writer' even 'Man of His Age'. But those were just a young boys dreams. Finishing his tea, Ben looks away from the window, back down to the waiting quill and paper. It suddenly dawned on him that he had everything to write to her about. She worked in a book store, and he could quickly tell she wasn't just doing so for the pay. Putting down the cup and plate with a clatter, he dips the quill in the ink, quickly beginning to write. Ms. Kenobi, I can quite honestly say it was a surprising pleasure to have encountered you in the book store. Although my visit was brief, I do wish I could have spoken with you more. You seem like a bright young woman of your age and I enjoy talking with those who I can often relate to in my ideas and thoughts. I, Ben Solo, am an entrepreneur in the business of making and distributing steel. As it is still a growing company and idea, I am a highly criticized man, as well as a man of great invention to others. I tell you this so you may get to know me more personally and that we may talk on a level of more than strangers. Even though I am a man of business, I do very much enjoy a good book, especially those that are more requiring of deep thinking. Seeing that you work at a book store, I feel safe to assume that you are someone who also enjoys reading. I think we could have much to discuss in this realm, and become acquainted with each other. I do hope to hear from you, as I am looking forward to talking with you. I will say that I am not a very outgoing man, and am quite reserved. My business takes almost all of my time, and what leisure time I do have is usually spent thinking of more ideas for my work. It has become my life, in a way, and it makes me not much of a social lover. But as I said, I do hope we can speak more in the future, possibly meet together and discuss in person. Sincerely, Ben Solo It's as much as he can write consciously, feeling sleep overcome him. Ben knew it wasn't the most warm or friendly letter, but he tried to make it as personal as one could in their first letter to a stranger. Well, at least as personal and friendly as Ben was. Closing his eyes, Ben rests his head on the wooden desk, listening to it slightly creak under the weight. In mere moments, he feels himself drift off into a much needed sleep, giving into his bodies needs. "Ben...." He looks around, dark eyes searching through the fog that hung around him. Getting a better view of where he was, the confusion drops from his face as he remembers the hills of Scotland that surrounded him. A sanctuary to him, Ben had come to visit the green and quiet country when he had first moved to Europe. It was a cool, and refreshing welcome, wiping away the hot dust that America had left on his clothes. Letting out a deep breath, Ben closes his eyes, letting the cool, salty breeze of the ocean rush through his senses. But something was different. Not in a eerie, bone chilling way, but almost the opposite instead. In wonder to what was causing this warmth, he opens his eyes, a bright, but delicate light stood in front of him. Focusing in his stare, he can make out the features. Hazel eyes, brown hair that flowed down to just above her shoulders, and the small, warm, welcoming smile. A smile that had dwelled in his thoughts since the moment he saw it. "Ben...." He stares in a sort of awe as a man would if he saw something too good, too great to be believable. Her smile does not fade, instead a hand extends towards him, palm open, inviting him to place his in hers. Slowly reaching up, he watches his hand grow closer and closer to hers, almost as if time was just then freezing. "Mr. Solo, Mr. Solo you must get up for work. You are already late." The harsh voice brings him back, his face stuck to the warm, wooden desk. Blinking a few times, he suddenly realizes what time it was and falling asleep at the desk. Looking up, he sees Hux standing above him, staring down at him with impatience and annoyance. Shooting up to his feet, Ben glances to the clock, gaging his time before running out of the library. As fast as he can, Ben gets dressed in a fresh pair of clothes, fixing his hair and hygiene, before running back down the stairs with his belongings. Hux stood at the front door, waiting with it open. "There's a letter sat on the desk in the library. I need you to go out and deliver it this morning." Ben states in a rush, fixing his jacket and nodding before heading out the door. He prayed with everything in him that she would respond. Notes: Thank you for reading! Chapter 3 : Her Response Notes: Well folks, as I promised, I will keep up to par with updating regularly! This chapter is gonna start off with Rey's POV and then head into Ben's again. Enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The voices among the home brought a warmth to Rey's heart. It was the constant reminder that she had others around her, she wasn't alone. Of course, this wasn't news to her, Rey had been with others since she was a little girl. But before she was with others, before she met Uncle Luke, before anything she could really remember, she had parents. A mother who rocked her to sleep as an infant, gave her unconditional love and kisses. A father who worked to see his daughter get a little bigger everyday, looking forward to the times he would be able to give her advice and see her get married. Because that was what Rey had been told parents were like, a priceless part of humanity that men fought and bled for. But somehow they had paid the ultimate price, and now she stood in a foster home. It wasn't that she didn't like the idea of living with other orphans, or felt uncomfortable. She just sometimes missed what she never had. Rey saw it in the eyes of the other children there, a sort of hole that couldn't be filled properly. "Rey?" A gentle voice spoke up, shaking her from the trance she was in. She looks down to her side, seeing Bebe patiently waiting. The young, red headed girl had immediately taken to Rey when she first moved into the home. Rey didn't mind in the slightest honestly. She turned out to be the younger sister she never expected. "Yes Bebe?" She speaks up, bending down to the girls height. Rey strokes a fiery piece of hair out of her face, pulling it behind her ear with a small smile. "Uncle Luke gave me mathematics...can you help me?" She shyly asked the brunette. "Of course. You go get started and I'll be right there." Placing a kiss to her cheek, they both nod, Bebe running off to her room. Rey watches for a moment, feeling a light tap on her shoulder. "Letter is here for you." One of the foster boys speak. She turns around, nodding and slowly taking it. She never recieved letters at this time of day. Poe and her usually spoke during the evenings through letter. Looking at the name, it clicks in her head and suddenly she's remembering the day before. Smiling to herself, she immediately opens it, slowly following Bebes footsteps to her room. Sitting down on the soft bed, Rey reads the letter over at least three times, lightly giggling to herself. "What are you laughing about?" The voice startles her, even with it just being Bebe. "Nothing, just...an interesting letter is all." She shakes her head a little at the young girl, smiling. Bebe immediately jumps to her feet, running over from the small desk to the bed. "Who is it from?! I want to see! Please!" Rey laughs, pulling the letter out of her sight with another shake of her head. "It is none of your concern I'm afraid. And besides, there are words in here you're little self wouldn't understand." "Is it a love letter? I'm positive it is!" Bebe giggles, bouncing a little on the mattress. Rey just laughs softly and looks back to the letter. "I'll need to respond soon," She mumbles. "But for now, it's time for mathematics." Rey looks up to Bebe, nodding and putting the letter away. They both go back to the small desk, Rey helping to guide Bebe through the problems. Just as they were finishing, one of the boys came over and called for dinner. Nodding, she turns to Bebe, smiling. "You did a great job. And please, don't bring up the letter at the dinner table. We don't need gossip." Rey softly chuckles, Bebe nodding. Both of them get to their feet and head to the small family room, the large table set out with twelve plates. Once everyone had sat in their spots, Uncle Luke sat at the head of the table, giving a prayer before letting them dig into the soup and rolls. Everyone called him Uncle Luke, and he really didn't mind. Although none of them were related to him, he treated them all as family. He had taken in each child, giving them a roof, a warm bed, food, and most importantly a family. Rey doesn't know where she would be without him today. They all quietly talked among each other as they enjoyed the warm broth of vegetables and bread. Rey had been quietly eating when she heard the same boy who handed her the letter. "Who was the letter from Rey? It didn't look like Mr. Damerons address." The whole table goes quiet, looking over to her. This was some real news. Rey being the oldest kid in the house left everyone wondering when she would finally start courting someone. It was a hot topic among the halls. She swallows her spoonful, slowly putting the utensil back in the bowl. "It was just from a friend is all." "I didn't know you had new friends you were writing to. Who are they?" Luke curiously asks. Rey's heart was pounding now, afraid she'd have to admit that she was communicating with a man she had only met once at a bookstore. "I-" "Rey has fancy eyes for someone!" Bebe suddenly blurts out. Rey drops her spoon, looking to the young girl next to her with big eyes. All at once, people at the table start blurting out questions at her. "Who is it?" "Did Poe finally ask you out?" "What are you going to say?" "Alright, everyone," Luke calls out, silencing the table once again. "Leave Rey and her personal affairs alone...I'm sure she has a lot to think about...especially this mysterious admirer." Luke grins a little at her, the whole table busting up in laughter and excited conversation again. Rey just smiles, embarrassed, her face turning a bright red. Putting her head down, she continues to quietly eat. She definitely didn't expect that reaction from Uncle Luke, but she was also very grateful he didn't get on her case. At least not in front of the whole dinner table. So what if she had interest in this man? It was hardly going anywhere as of now. He had only sent one letter, and from reading it, it was possibly the most formal love letter someone could write. Definitely a business man. She thought, thinking back to the day before when Poe had glorified him after he left the store, telling her about his work. This man seemed like a lot of a person compacted into one tall and fit body. "I'm sorry I ruined the secret Rey...I thought since John asked..." Bebe sheepishly speaks up. Rey could tell that she truly felt sorry, which wasn't common for Bebe. She gives her a small, reassuring smile. "It's alright Bebe. They would've found out sooner or later, and I wouldn't have the guts to say anything." They both quietly laugh before returning to their food. It had been almost a week for Rey, and she still struggled to find the write words in her letter back to him. She wanted to seem 'smart enough' to continue a conversation with such a business man, but she also felt she should speak of her life a little considering he had as well. She was surprised he was so upfront about his social life, but glad all the same. He was honest and she was more than grateful to see so. She was now a little relieved that she had told him to write to her instead of asking him to meet up. She could only imagine how nervous and awkward it would've been for both of them. But maybe, if they continued to write, they could meet up again. Rey fancied that idea very much. ************** It had been a week now, a week and he hadn't received any sort of response from Ms. Kenobi. Ben continued to to run the mills, making sure everything was on schedule and in order. But he had this weight sat in his heart, one he couldn't shake. Maybe she was just being friendly... The thought reoccurred in his mind more and more, practically confirming it for himself. Quietly, he stares out the carriage window, feeling the small vehicle rock back and forth as it treaded on rocks. Reaching his large abode, he gets out, adjusting his hat. Suitcase in hand, he walks up to the entrance, Hux already standing with the door open. Briefly nodding to him, Ben heads straight to his study, his thoughts becoming more and more overwhelming. With his things set out among his large desk, Ben sighs, exhausted, slumping back into the chair. He's just starting to relax when a loud knock on the door brings back his throbbing headache. "What is it?" He snaps, rubbing a hand over his face. "There's a letter for you. I'm assuming it's from the girl you contacted not long ago." Hux's voice was somewhat muffled by the wooden door, but Ben could hear his annoyance. Still, he shot out of his chair, almost running to the door. Quickly composing himself, he opens it and takes the letter from Hux, nodding. "Thank you, you are excused." Once the door was closed, he looks down to the senders name. Sure enough, in light and soft cursive was the name she had spoken to him in the library. Holding back a smile, Ben returns to his desk, opening the letter. Taking a glance, he was surprised to see it was longer than expected, but that was all the more for him to read. Mr. Solo I would first like to say how much of a pleasure it was to have meet you at the book store. I can honestly say for a business man, it was a surprise to see you looking at such daunting titles. 'Wuthering Heights' is quite a tale, but I'm sure you'll find an appreciation for it. My name, as you heard before is Rey Kenobi, I live in a well populated home with other foster children. Both of my parents died while I was young, but a man was kind enough to take me in. Some people are quite offput by this, but from what I've seen and read from you, I think we could both overlook that. I enjoy reading and writing as well as spending times with others. As you stated in your letter, I do enjoy talking about deeper concepts and would be more than pleased to do so with you. I understand that running such a daunting profession can become quite time consuming, but I am flattered that you took time out of your day to write to me... The letter continued to talk about the two books he was currently reading, her words describing the emotions almost perfectly. He was absolutely delighted with the whole letter, but something still pricked at him. Rereading the letter, he comes across the part once again. ... I live in a well populated home with other foster children. Both of my parents died while I was young, but a man was kind enough to take me in. Some people are quite offput by this, but from what I've seen and read from you, I think we could both overlook that... She was an orphan, most likely working to help keep the household fed. His heart sinks, a deep sympathy growing for her. Surely she must've looked at him as a man of another class. And it was the first time he truly hated his wealth. They both thought the same, her intellectual letter proving that quite so. But because of their living situations, society kept them at bay. Ben sat back in the chair, furrowing his brow as he read the same words over and over. Surely there must be something I can offer... He sits there for at least an hour, gathering ideas in his head until he finally decided on one. Pulling out a new piece of paper and fresh Quill, he starts to write again to her. Notes: I dedicate this chapter to Daisy, a good friend of mine I met not long ago. She is a true sweetheart and such a support to me. Love you peach.