General Hux glowers at the ominous figure across the bridge. The man is staring (does Kylo Ren stare? The mask doesn't reveal his gaze) out the viewport at passing planets, seeming to be deep in thought. That's all fine and well for him, Hux fumes. Except he has no right whatsoever to be calm and menacing and deep in thought for fuck's sake. Perhaps Hux is just bitter. Yesterday Kylo Ren had destroyed yet another few rooms of equipment ( expensive equipment , Hux notes sourly) in an entirely unprovoked fit of rage. Hux really wishes he knew what goes on in that head. Hell, he doesn't even know if he has a head! For all he knows (or cares), Kylo Ren is a tall, angry, Force-wielding droid with intricate programming from Snoke that makes him a semblance of a human being. He's a semblance of a human no matter what he's made of, Hux muses. Even in flesh, I can't imagine a fully functional person acting like a malicious toddler. It's rude to think about people like that behind their backs, General. Hux's heart rate falters as the deep, silky voice suddenly fills his head. He grits his teeth but otherwise doesn't visibly react. Honestly, fuck Kylo Ren. Your thoughts of me are so loud, General, but everything else is so well hidden. Are you blasting a war trumpet over your citadel walls? It's really an unappealing sound. Not quite as unappealing as having you rooting about my mind, Hux spits as well as he non-verbally can. Don't you have enough air to explore in your own head? Hmm. Touchy. Hux narrows his eyes slightly. As General of the First Order, he is not too inclined to accept mockery from an (admittedly tall) toddler. Even you must agree that no one wants to have their mind read by a petulant child behind a fancy mask and some magic tricks. Don't tell me the mask is what's got you bent out of shape. Hux can hear Kylo Ren softly laughing at him. It's annoying, but not really for how it sounds. Hux blinks. The mask is definitely getting him bent out of shape. No, it's not, he seethes . I'm bent out of shape because you insist on continuously destroying my ship, you ugly child. You find me ugly? Hux notes how even Kylo Ren can't keep the slight hurt out of his voice. I certainly find the mask ugly. Not to mention your personality is juvenile and frankly dismal. I can't make judgment on your face, though, considering no one's ever seen it. I like to imagine you as a clutter of gears and wires behind the mask. And that you look in the mirror to oil and rearrange a mechanical brain. Is the mask your face? You must have a better reason to wear it besides intimidation. He knows he's rambling and should stop. Kylo Ren isn't a figure to make conversation with. I'm not a droid, General. Hux shivers as he senses cold fury, suddenly aware that he should be more careful, more afraid. And the mask is the face I choose for reasons I'd rather not disclose. Therefore, you do find me ugly. His stomach drops at how sad Kylo Ren sounds. He never meant to jab at his looks. Grating personality and destructive tendencies? Perfectly reasonably targets. But he thinks about his own slim (delicate?) frame and sickly complexion, his permanent scowl; he knows a thing or two about feeling unattractive. Habitual tactical analysis comes up with a stupid solution. Come to my quarters tonight? A question, hopeful (or stupid). I'd like to meet the man behind the mask. This time he senses warmth, a moment of joy, quickly put out as Kylo Ren withdraws from his mind. I suppose I will sate your curiosity, the voice murmurs, a soft lull now as he leaves Hux's mind. Expect me, General. And then he's just... gone. Hux visibly flinches as he's left feeling hollow, as if his mind has already accepted Kylo Ren as an integral presence. He lightly presses a delicate hand to his forehead. "General?" Captain Phasma has joined him. "Are you feeling alright? You look a little pa-... uh... queasy." "You were about to say I look a little pale, weren't you Captain?" It's not really a question. He relaxes at her familiar chuckle. "You know me so well, General. But I decided you're always pale. You should go outside more. It doesn't do you well to stand on the bridge all day and boss people around." "It's my job to boss people around," he mutters. Phasma tilts her head slightly. Hux never mutters in public. He clears his throat, composing himself. Suddenly the bridge feels too large, too empty. Kylo Ren has left, and his chest collapses. He shakes the feeling. "I think I will retire for the evening. Appoint an appropriate officer to oversee activities. You are dismissed, Captain." She fixes him with one long (very judgmental) stare. Damn Phasma and her uncanny ability to see through people. -- Hux throws his greatcoat over a chair as soon as he enters his quarters, not bothering to hang it up nicely. He grabs a bottle of brandy and violently opens it. Half of it is gone in no time flat. With alcohol comes the unbridled rage he'd hidden so well on the bridge. To hell with regulation. To hell with Kylo Ren! Bloody, bloody, fucking bloody hell! I can’t even have the pleasure of hating him anymore! Fuck this job, fuck Snoke and his attack dog, fuck the entire concept of angry Jedi, just… fuck! He stands at his desk seething, trying to think of excuses to get Kylo Ren to not come to his quarters. Not tonight, not tomorrow, not ever. He jumps when a warm hand settles on his shoulder, pulsing gentle waves of calm through him. A shudder runs through him and he rounds on his intruder. The excuses will have to wait. "Lord Ren," he slurs. "I was planning to expect you more around supper time. Evidently you decided to be overly prompt." For once goes unspoken, but not unthought. Kylo Ren frowns and hesitantly reaches out to tuck a stray hair back behind Hux's ear. An ear that quickly reddens at the motion. "Forgive me, General, but I was under the impression that you were desperate to see my face. I made with all due haste to tidy up and wait for you." "And you felt the need to enter my quarters silently and without permission?" A nod. "How presumptuous." Hux forces a sneer that lacks its normal venom. "I'm sure everyone else finds your manners as charming as I do." He fixes him with a menacing stare but finds himself unable to intimidate. Kylo Ren remains undeterred, even under the cold (drunk) scrutiny of General Hux. He reaches up and releases the mask. Hux doesn't quite manage to suppress his sharp inhale. Kylo Ren has beautiful, flowing black hair; a long, thin nose; pouty lips; and big brown doe eyes. A galaxy of freckles dusts his face, punctuated by larger beauty marks. His ears stick out a little from underneath his hair, too big and too gentle. He's utterly breathtaking. It takes Hux a moment to snap out of his trance and realize that Kylo Ren is raising the mask again. "Wait!" He's desperate to keep drinking in the sight before him. "Leave it off, Kylo Ren. I'm taking in the galaxy." A blank stare, and then a tiny eye roll. "Just call me Kylo." "Alright. Keep calling me Hux," he giggles a little. A dark eyebrow quirks up, the corner of that pretty mouth twitches. "I don't see why you'd want to stare at me, Hux. There's not much here. Certainly not a galaxy." "No… Yes! I don't know. It's just your freckles. Stardust. They're my new favorite galaxy. I want to conquer them. Or kiss them, either works." Hux mentally smacks himself. He shouldn't have said that. He shouldn't have drunk so much. One look at Kylo and he's losing it. Losing his mind to Kylo and his stupid freckles and stupid nose and stupid hair and the stupid half smile on those soft pink lips and -- He grabs Kylo by his (big ridiculous adorable) ears and drags him into a breathless needy kiss. Hux sighs and melts into it, happily finding that the lips are as soft as they look. Their mouths move gently against each other, tongues beginning to make shy explorations. Kylo settles his hands on Hux's hips and pulls him close, trying to eradicate any space between them. Hux keens when a large hand runs through his hair. He never wants to stop; it feels warm and natural. But it’s teetering on the edge of too much, too fast, and suddenly he can't breathe or think, and he shoves Kylo away, stumbling blindly into the refresher. Immediately he splashes his face with cold water. What are you doing you idiot!? You swore you wouldn't do this again. You've kept that vow for nearly 20 years and you're throwing it away for what? A boy with big eyes, soft lips, black curls, and an idiotic mask? You're a failure. He punches the mirror. The glass spindles out in a satisfying web, so he hits it again and again until his knuckles bleed and his heart hurts and all he can think is send help. No one needs to know that Hux cries when Kylo wraps him up in a hug and kisses over his hand, closing up the cuts with a gentle pull of the Force. No one has to know that Hux and Kylo don't actually hate each other, that the light kisses they share are beautiful and radiant. This is their moment. You're beautiful, is pressed against his mind and Hux still can't breathe, but it's in the best possible way. -- Kylo is sent on a mission the very next day. Hux wakes up reaching for him, only to find cold sheets and a note with handwriting as thin and messy as its composer. He doesn't bother to read it, spewing curses for forgetting himself previously. He doesn't want Kylo's note. Doesn't want to be reminded that he lost control last night and now they apparently care about each other. Notes are for lovers, he sneers, wanting to rip it to shreds. He leaves it crumpled in the sheets alongside all (most) of his feelings. When he tugs his uniform perfectly into place, he can still smell Kylo all around him. Something minty ( shampoo, he remembers), some variety of spices ( fragrance ), and... flowers? ( he brought you flowers, you idiot! ) A glance at the book case confirms his suspicions. Suspended in an invisible Force shield is a Ryoo flower from Naboo. How Kylo got it Hux doesn't want to know, but it smells good and calms him a bit. Flowers are for lovers, too , his conscience nags, but he bats it aside. If Kylo wants to give him flowers, Hux will be damned if he doesn't accept. He smooths out the note and folds it neatly, slipping it into his pocket. -- It's two weeks before Kylo returns. Hux spends that time obsessively checking all flight logs, waiting for departure Ren, Kylo to return. The time is agony. His heart threatens to stop, his chest caves in. He tells himself it doesn't matter if Kylo returns. He's an asset, disposable, a means for gaining power. He doesn't mean a word of it. And so two weeks later when Kylo sweeps into Hux's quarters (wholly unannounced), he finds Hux slumped over a data pad receiving feedback from the hangar, passed out from anxiety and exhaustion. His uniform is wrinkled and at least 3 days old, his normally pristine hair flops messily over his forehead, and he's thinner than usual. A faint blush of fever dusts his cheeks, and his eyes are bagged and darkened. Prettiest thing in the galaxy , Kylo hums at Hux, who bolts awake and whips around. He's out of the chair in a flash, grabbing Kylo by the front of his cloak and dragging him into a kiss. Kylo tastes tears, swallows the pained gasping against his lips. He holds Hux's tiny waist in his hands and it hurts when he feels the sobs that threaten to break his General in half. It also hurts when Hux pulls away and slaps him as hard as he can. "You absolute prick ," he howls. "You come into my quarters, you hold me and call me beautiful , and you let me make a drunken fool of myself, all for what !? To let me wake up alone save for a note!? To hop into a ship and fuck off for two weeks without so much as a courtesy mission report!? I thought you were hurt or captured or worse! And I couldn't do anything about it!! I have spent 14 lousy days without a single one of your tantrums to fix or an unfortunate trooper to counsel, and now you show up without any warning, help yourself to my quarters yet again , and I can't even hate you properly. I am going to eject you out of the nearest airlock if you don't explain yourself right this second, I swear on my honor as General!" Kylo takes a minute to assess the indignant man in front of him with a face as red as his hair. "Snoke called me on a classified mission. I was finished within 3 days but he summoned me to his side and advised me to distance myself from you. He told me attachments will only serve to weaken me and obstruct my training. So I spent the rest of the time meditating and trying to clear myself of emotions. After 10 days I told myself I was strong again, and I hid everything from Snoke as I departed. I felt cold and detached on the ship, but it only took 12 hours into the journey back for me to realize that you continued to occupy my thoughts. I then stalled my journey in order to collect myself, but it didn't work. So I resumed my course, and now I'm here to tell you something, and afterward you can hit me again, or launch me into space, as long as you promise to listen to all I say. Can you do that?" He searches Hux's cold green eyes, unable to discern a single thought. Hux gives a curt nod and falls into a stiff parade rest. "I meditated more for the rest of the trip. I sorted all my emotions and even let myself be Ben again because I needed to find out if I'd ever felt this before. Something that makes me hurt in the center of my chest. Like a slow burn, or that feeling when you need to take a deep breath, except no amount of air can fix this one. Kylo Ren has never felt a physical ache for a person before, but Ben Solo did, and I figured it out 5 minutes before I came to you. You can hate me for this, for compromising all you've worked for in the First Order, but I need to tell you. I'm in love with you Hux, and it's stabbing me and twisting the blade around because I shouldn't feel this way. I've been trained to release all attachment, to fight off the Light, but the catch is I don't feel Light in this love. I feel temptation and madness and an insane desire to hold you and tell the entire galaxy that I am yours. I want to rule everything with you, to take down Snoke until just you and I stand together. Or I want to kidnap you and hide from everything, relinquish power, become fugitives because all that really matters is that you set me on fire and fire doesn't catch well on the ashes of a fallen Empire. I doubt you want to hear this. You can barely deal with kissing me and seeing my face, but now you have. I've laid myself bare and the only thing I have to lose is you." A stunned silence rings past his last words. Hux is staring at the ground, feeling dizzy from the rush of emotions. Remember what happened last time, you fool , he scolds himself. Too late does he realize that Kylo could hear that and is now looking worried, hurt. What happened last time? None of your concern, a part of him sneers. But Hux is traitorous unto himself, so he looks Kylo in the eye and throws him headfirst into his memories. A small redhead sits stiffly in his Academy uniform. Hux is 13, and his father's constant disappointment has left him cold and lonely. He is alone in the dorm he shares with 4 other boys, and he's fine with that. They don't like him that much. His eyes flick up as the door opens, revealing the oldest boy in his dorm. He's 16 and Hux's heart skips a beat, but he turns back to the essay he's writing. No point in pining after what he can't have. Kylo's head spins as the memories skip forward. Hux is now 15. His mother has left for good and his father beats only him now. He is bitter that his mother got away while he remains, even though he personally arranged for a rebel smuggler ship to pick her up and escort her to safety. He shook the hand of Han Solo as his mother cried and clung to him, smiled tightly at a boy with messy hair and dark eyes hiding behind a crate and holding a tiny lightsaber. What a fortunate kid. Kylo gapes at Hux as his own repressed memory floods back. “I recognized you immediately the other week. It was a pleasant surprise to see those eyes again,” Hux smirks and keeps projecting. To avoid his increasingly violent father, Hux permanently boards at the Academy, claiming it reduces the interruptions in his studies due to transportation. He keeps thinking about his eldest roommate who is now 18 and ready to graduate. It's almost midnight, and 3 of the other boys are out with their girlfriends. Such small adolescent indulgences are allowed, although Hux abstains. How ashamed his father would be to find out his only son prefers men. His obsession is laying in the bunk above him, smoking a cigarette. He climbs up. "Can I try?" "You'll ruin your lungs, kid." "I'm not a kid! I'm 15 now." "Knock yourself out, kid." Hux takes a drag and immediately starts coughing. The man's laugh tumbles out and shakes Hux to the core. It lights a fire hotter than the ashes that now grace his bare legs, incinerates his dignity. Hux leans forward to kiss him out of pure reckless instinct. Of course the man kisses back. What else do you do when a desperate boy grabs onto you like a life preserver? The sweet taste of tobacco and lust spurs Hux to awkwardly move his long skinny limbs until he's seated in his lap. The man rocks up against him, already hard, and Hux in all his naivety blushes and presses down. The feeling is electric, delicate hands immediately flying up to grip at strong shoulders. They pull back, eyes shining, and a hand touches Hux's cheek. "Have you ever given a blow job?" Hux shakes his head. He doesn't think or panic when his face is pressed down toward the other's crotch. He only grows nervous when he gets the fly undone and is presented with his cock. "Go on, put your mouth on it. I'll guide you." He tries not to gag at the taste or the thickness. The man moans, and Hux thinks he's kind of good at this. He's still young, though, and guidance is certainly given. His perfectly combed hair is grabbed and used to force him down. He isn't let him up, even as his mouth is fucked until he's sputtering and crying, unused to any of it. The man finishes in his mouth and orders him to swallow. Hux obeys and sits up. He allows himself to be kissed and ushered out of the bunk with an emotionless goodbye and a promise for more. Hux isn't hard anymore when he gets back in bed. Kylo reaches out when Hux takes a shuddering breath. "You don't have to do this." "Yes I do," he snaps. "Not for you, but for me." Hux returns to his new boyfriend every night for the rest of the year. Eventually, they start having sex. It's rough and quick and Hux rarely gets off. There's no pleasure for him there. He's madly in love, but not with the man he knows. He's still in love with the man he watched without contact, and he holds onto that. It's too good to be true when he's suddenly treated kindly. He's brought sweets and flowers and love pressed into kisses. At night they cuddle; no more sex, no more anger. They just smoke in silence and his lover kisses his freckled shoulders. Hux thinks he's changed for good, that maybe the threat of graduation in a month has made him rethink love. On the day of graduation, his boyfriend stalls him in the showers. "We can just have a moment together, yeah? I'll be gone in a few hours and we should cherish this." "I love you." Hux hadn't meant to say it. He'd intended to keep that to himself forever. He's terrified when he's slapped. "I love that you're an idiot," the man sneers, and suddenly there's 2 more graduates on him, tearing at his hair, his skin; leaving bruises for a lifetime. He doesn't even scream. He stays silent and rigid as they violate him. Because he doesn't care about that. He cares about the man who laughs above him. The man who violated not his body, but his trust. "Burn in hell, you spoiled slut." They're gone in an instant, like ghosts in the snow. Hux doesn't cry and he does not attend graduation. "Oh, Hux..." Kylo murmurs sadly. He reaches out to touch him, but Hux bats his hand down. "I don't want your pity," he hisses, fighting back tears. "I just... I need you to understand me. Understand that I don't know what love is and I'm not the man you want. Not really." "Hux, you are the man I want. I don't love you any less for what happened or how love has been mutilated for you. I don't need you to love me as fiercely as I love you, but I want you to take a chance. I would never hurt you. I'd rather die than become your monster." Hux scoffs and curls up on himself. "At least then my monster would have a name. Something I could curse besides snatches of a face. I can't even hunt him down because I forget every detail about him, including his name. Even if I could find him, I wouldn't. I forgave him years ago." "Then why are you so scared?" "Kylo..." "Hux, please. Why are you scared?" Hux hesitates, debating on what to say. Kylo doesn't pry into his thoughts. He doesn't want to know this corner of Hux's mind. The answer horrifies him more than he could have imagined. "Because I've never forgiven myself." That flips a switch in Kylo's head. He grabs Hux's arm and drags him closer. Kisses him as softly and lovingly as he can. Tries to make up for every moment that vile man stole from his beautiful General. He wants to gather up all of Hux's pieces, even if they cut like glass, and he wants to puzzle them together and cement them with the Force because no one deserves to be broken like this. Hux is crying again and hanging onto Kylo like he's the last thing in the galaxy. One hand is tangled in black curls, the other hand gripping his waist, and there's no way in hell he's ever letting go. "I need you to fuck me," he manages to gasp against Kylo's mouth. Kylo responds with a groan and grabs Hux by the back of his thighs, easily lifting him. Hux's legs lock around Kylo's waist and they stumble back into the bedroom, only managing to get to the bed through sheer will and the miracle of Force sensitivity. Hux whimpers as he's laid down, still sobbing from the shock of brutal, uncharted tenderness. His boots and socks are gently removed, set against the wall in perfect regulation neatness. His belt, tunic, and trousers go next, all of which Kylo folds with surprising skill considering how often he leaves messes. He balks as Kylo reaches for his underclothes, but still consents to having them removed. And of all the things Hux doesn't expect when he's fully laid out, Kylo leans down to kiss him, whispering broken phrases about beauty and stars and mine all mine . After leisurely worshipping Hux for a time, Kylo strips quickly, throwing his own robes carelessly to the ground. Hux lets out a peal of wet laughter, diluted by some lingering tears, and drags him down. "You folded my clothes and left your own in a pile. You're strange." "Didn't want you throwing a fit." "As you should." They both laugh and meet in a clumsy kiss, hands flying everywhere to touch anywhere. Hux discovers that Kylo is sensitive on his neck and wrists, especially when Hux traces nonsensical patterns and promises. Kylo finds that Hux loves to have his nipples and thighs touched, and possessively holding his hips paints him a delicious shade of red. Kylo spends a ridiculous amount of time mapping out the pale body beneath him with his eyes and hands. Perfect milky white skin is littered with tiny freckles, almost too faint to see. They're as sweet and delicate as every other part of Hux, and he's filled with a feral desire to mark up this canvas. A grin splits his face as his gaze continues down. True, the freckles are captivating, but Kylo decides the best thing about Hux is the fine trail of fire leading from his navel to his flushed, dripping erection. "Are you going to fuck me, or are you just here to admire the view?" "A little bit of both, actually." "That's wonderful, but please get on with the fucking, you ass." "Of course, General. I see your bossiness extends to the bedroom. It's somehow alluring." "Kylo, I swear ..." he warns. "Alright, alright we can get to the fucking." Hux yelps as Kylo grabs his hips and flips him into his hands and knees. Thinking about Kylo's strength is distracting, to say the least, so he jumps when he feels sudden breath against his ass. "What the bloody hell are you-" a firm press of tongue cuts him off. He groans and drops his head against his pillow, allowing himself to be licked and prodded. Of course Kylo Ren would chose to dive in head (face?) first. The feeling is new, but not entirely unpleasant. He tentatively spreads his legs further to give Kylo better access and is rewarded with a moan against his ass. The vibrations cause him to shiver and rock his hips back. "Kylo, please..." He doesn't know what he's asking for. All he can think is more, I need more, and thus come the benefits of sleeping with a mind reader. Kylo immediately presses a finger in alongside his tongue, the spit making the slide smooth and easy. Hux's breath catches and he shoves his hips back, desperate for more. He's distantly aware of Kylo laughing at him, but it's hard to care while being fingered. That dreadful tongue returns with little kitten licks, while Kylo slowly fucks his finger in and out. When he deems Hux suitably loosened, he adds a second finger. The uncomfortable burn of it makes him cry out. Kylo immediately stops, and Hux wants to scream. Keep going, I'm alright. Did I hurt you? No, damn it. I'll tell you if I want to stop. If you don't keep going I’ll kick you out and pleasure myself. Pushy. Hold on just one moment. He hears a rustle of fabric and turns to see a bottle of oil fly from Kylo's robe and into his outstretched hand. "Well, I suppose that's convenient. Is this a subtle message that you came here confident in your ability to get my pants off, despite knowing how upset I'd be at you all but abandoning me?" Kylo just grins and pops the cork off, generously slicking up his fingers and pressing them back in. Hux even lets a small appreciative noise slip out. Impatiently, Hux thinks that two fingers feel like enough prep, but when he cranes his neck to get a better look at Kylo's dick, he takes back that particular sentiment, swallowing thickly at the size of it. Logically, he knows he can't take Kylo unless he can take at least three fingers. The thought alone makes him moan loudly and spread his legs (impossibly) further. You're surprisingly flexible, considering you walk around The Finalizer like you have a stick up your ass. I'm not even surprised that you're insolent in bed. Don't deny you're charmed by me. Charmed isn't the word I would use. Seduced seems much more fitting. If that makes you feel better about liking me... Any retort Hux could make is forgotten as a third finger is unceremoniously shoved into him, and he bucks his hips back against the intoxicating burn. He's never been this full before, years of abstinence leaving him inexperienced and desperate, ready to explode. And when he thinks it can't get any better, Kylo crooks his fingers and Hux bites his lip hard enough to bleed. Kylo's long fingers are stroking inside him, searching. Hux is about to snap at him, ask him what he's trying to achieve (not that what he's doing now is bad), when he's hit by a flash of white hot pleasure. He starts babbling incoherently Kylo rubs that spot again and again, not even embarrassed when Kylo's name spills past his lips. Now seems like a grand time to pound me into the mattress. I'm almost tempted to say no to that and see if you can get off on just my fingers in your ass. Of course, in which case I'm almost tempted to throw you out and find a phallic shaped object to shove up there instead. Fucking move, damn it! Kylo laughs and lightly smacks Hux's ass, marveling at the red splotches that bloom across his skin. He gives a couple more slaps, just for fun, reluctantly stopping only when Hux turns a cold side eye at him. Still grinning, Kylo once more grabs Hux's hips and flips him, now pressing him down onto his back. He leans down and begins to ravage Hux's neck as he carefully lines himself up. Hux squirms beneath him, searching for something to fill the emptiness Kylo's fingers left. Kylo waits there for an agonizing second, holding a trembling Hux on the edge of anticipation. A scream rips from Hux's throat as Kylo pushes in with one smooth thrust. Even after substantial stretching, Kylo feels huge and hot inside him and he has to take a breath to steady himself and keep from coming right then. "Fuck, Kylo, you're huge." Kylo can only nod, unable to respond, his thoughts a mess of Hux, tight, Hux, hot, tight, Hux. Through his haze of lust he barely registers Hux begging him to "fucking move, goddamn it, what are you, a virgin!?" Kylo smacks Hux's thigh and pulls his legs over his shoulders. He nips him under the jaw and picks up a brutalizing pace. Hux gasps and can only hold on for dear life as Kylo carefully angles his thrusts to hit Hux's prostate every single time, almost like magic. Please don't tell me you're using the Force to do that. ...I'm using to Force to do that. And you love it. Kylo (the bastard) has the audacity to look smug like he's some sexual god. Hux just grumbles a bit and shoves his hips back in time with every thrust, trying to take Kylo deeper. Glad to see you're finally doing something useful with your powers. Is this your version of sexy talk? No, this is me trying desperately not to orgasm too soon because it's really been a while and you're huge and oh god don't stop, fuck you, fucking, don't you dare stop. Kylo effectively bends Hux in half, somehow managing to press even deeper. His insane stamina from training allows him to keep up a jackhammer pace in his hips, and it's driving Hux mad. He's teetering on the edge, willing himself to just hold on, don't be too easy. Of course Kylo has other terrible (amazing) ideas. He bends himself in half and starts gently sucking on the head of Hux's dick, wrapping his fist around whatever he can't reach. Hux whimpers, bucks up into Kylo's mouth, struggles to hold on. Kylo briefly stops his onslaught to look up at Hux through his dark lashes and whisper one thing. "Come for me, beautiful. Let me see you come for me." With that he lowers his head again, giving one good swirl of his tongue, and then Hux is screaming, his orgasm ripping through him like nothing he's ever felt before. A moment later he feels Kylo spilling deep inside him, pulling out carefully, wrapping Hux up in strong arms, pressing him against his chest. Hux distantly hears himself babbling as he comes to, like he's floated out of his body and is listening in on himself. "Kylo, darling, you sweet idiot, don't fucking wreck my ship ever again when you can just wreck me, Kylo, I love you, don't go, Kylo. Stay, please? Please?" Kylo's deep rumbling laugh seems to quake the entire ship as he presses a kiss to Hux's forehead. He smooths the ginger hairs away from his eyes, giving a futile attempt to put it back into its meticulous style. Hux eventually bats his hand away when he suspects Kylo's begun messing it up more instead of helping. "Did you really mean that, Hux?" "Mean what?" "That you love me?" Hux peers up at Kylo, attempting to discern whether or not he's being made fun of. After a long minute, he smirks and presses a kiss to Kylo's chest. "Wouldn't you like to know." Yes , he means. Irrevocably, yes.