The Paths Converge Two months ago, Rey learned three very important things: 1. Demons were real. 2. She was the Slayer. 3. Unkar Plutt could hold a grudge. She lost her job scavenging junkyards for parts after she stole the '77 Falcon to outrun a pack of very angry vampires. Her former boss took the theft too personally considering the car didn't even belong to him. Not that being fired mattered very much anymore. Her new 'duties' made it impossible for her to go home. The Watchers' Council sent her to some sunny town in California with Luke and Finn (who didn't have anywhere else to go now that the First Order wanted his head on a pike). After all the things she'd seen and all the people she met - demon hunters, human servants, even a werewolf - the worst part of her new life was dreaming about him . Rey couldn't get a good night's sleep anymore, she always woke up gasping. She relived that night in the woods over and over again. Sometimes she got the upper hand on Kylo Ren and ran him through with a silver sword, other times he pinned her down and bit her while she screamed, but most of the time it ended with the ground splitting under their feet. Rey staggered away from Ren to find her friend unconscious in the snow. She and Chewie dragged Finn to the car, and they escaped not knowing if the vampire survived or not. Next time, she would be ready for him - and anything else the First Order threw at her. She trained every day with Luke and while he combed through tomes of prophecy and magic she patrolled the cemetery and dusted the newly risen vamps that came her way. If she ever met Kylo Ren again, she wouldn't make the same mistakes. She'd stake him in the heart - no hesitation. Rey spent the morning replacing the manual transmission in Luke's old T-16. Finn came by the house with half a dozen breakfast sandwiches - she ate all but one - and she talked him through what she was doing. Slowly - but surely - she was teaching him how to fix cars. This was her part-time job. Rey spent a lot of time on Craigslist advertising her services in the neighborhood. She did odd jobs for half the price of a professional service: mowing lawns, walking dogs, fixing motorcycles. Rey liked having something that was hers outside of slaying. And she could always use the cash. She was crashing with Finn while he recovered - and she didn't want to be a burden. Luke didn't think it was a good idea to work because it might 'pull her focus' but Rey insisted she could fight the forces of evil and change a car battery in the same day. Two o'clock rolled around and Luke was gone. He left to take a call from the Council and he hadn't come back. He was officially late so Finn offered to step in and spar with her. Rey hesitated until her friend reminded her that he had more training than she did in martial arts. That made her feel competitive - especially with the weapon she liked best. Rey knocked the end of her bo staff against Finn's with a small smile, stepping forward with her right foot. He defended while she advanced, blocking her blows above his head, following the drop of her staff into a figure eight, crossing over and back rapidly until they both eased into the rhythm of side-to-side passes and sweeping butterfly spins. Rey quickened the pace and Finn kept up for nearly half an hour before he dropped his guard. She saw her opening and she darted forward, striking him in the side sharply. It was only a jab but it brought him to his knees - and his staff clattered to the ground. "Finn?" She tossed down her own staff, crouching down next to him with one hand awkwardly hovering over his shoulder. "I'm good," he insisted, raising his gaze to meet hers with a reassuring wink, "I just need a sec." Rey watched him grit his teeth against another back spasm, the muscles in his jaw tightening. "Come on, let's get you some ice," she said, ignoring the way he half-heartedly waved her off to slide an arm under his and help him stand. "This okay?" He nodded in response and she walked him over to the garage door, through the laundry room and into the house. Luke never locked the door. She left Finn on his stomach in the living room while she rummaged through the freezer for a cold pack and grabbed a bottle of water from the counter top. There was a note from her Watcher on the fridge, reminding her not to drink directly out of the carton, and she smiled at the sight of his chicken-scratch handwriting. She returned to the living room and saw that Finn had not budged from his position on the couch, cheek pressed into the brown cushion. He rolled his eyes up to glance at her and gestured her over loosely with one hand dangling over the upholstery. "Checking me out?" he made a concerted effort to waggle his eyebrows and she rolled her eyes. He couldn't be in that much pain if he still managed to flirt. "For debilitating injuries," she replied with forced lightness. "Whatever you gotta tell yourself, Rey." The doctor gave Finn a solid six weeks of recovery after his surgery and warned that he might not have full range of movement in his arms for three months. There were a lot of stitches. She was quiet for several minutes. "I'm sorry." She felt guilty and was worried she'd set his rehabilitation back. "It's not your fault," he assured her, catching her eye with his before she knelt down next to the couch, "I'm going stir crazy being out of commission like this." He was in the hospital for a week and bed rest for three weeks afterwards. By the end of it Finn was desperate to start working out again. Today was the first time they sparred since the attack. "Besides, you need someone to have your back." "You need to have your own back," she retorted, wrapping the ice pack in a paper towel, "I've got Luke, remember?" "He's not as spry as he used to be, Rey." She smiled amusedly in response. "Don't let him hear you say that." Luke could hold his own. Keeping the ice pack in place with one hand, Rey tugged down the collar of his shirt and inspected the still-healing wounds in his back. "Things have been pretty quiet on the undead front since we burnt down that nest." There weren't that many vamps rising and she hadn't run into a demon in two weeks. Finn shouldn't be worried about her. She could handle herself. "Maybe we should take you to the hospital," she suggested, "Let them check you out. How bad is it?" "No , " Finn buried his face into the couch cushion, protesting in a groan, "No more hospitals. I'll be okay, I just need to... catch my breath." "You should lay down." "I am laying down." "Fine. Here is a water - drink it," she waved the bottle in his face, then turned around to pull the coffee table forward so that it was in reach, "I'm going to get you some aspirin." Rey got up and she thought she heard a muffled 'thanks' on her way out of the room. It's not your fault. She knew that wasn't true. She was the Slayer and it was her responsibility to fight the monsters. Nothing would have happened to Finn if Rey hadn't let Kylo Ren get the jump on her like that. He wasn't an ordinary vampire. He was so much stronger than she expected and he had powers she'd never seen before. He wore a heavy, hooded black robe which enabled him to move around in daylight and a mask which distorted his voice and convinced her there could be nothing human underneath. But when he showed her his face, he wasn't deformed at all. His skin was pale but not sallow and he had thick black hair which brushed his throat. She was startled at how young he looked. Rey closed her eyes and rubbed a hand over her neck uncomfortably, hesitating just outside of the living room where Finn couldn't see her. Kylo Ren had wanted to bite her. He told her she needed a 'sire'. The only person Rey confided to about this was Luke, who didn't seem surprised. "Kylo Ren is something of an anomaly among his own kind, " he had told her quietly, " Ben Solo was gifted with magic as a child and he studied demonology extensively as part of his training." Luke told her who Ben Solo was. He had a destiny, too. He was called to be a Watcher like his uncle before him, but somehow he got turned by Snoke instead. 'Ben Solo' died. 'Kylo Ren' was born. "Now he has those powers in addition to what he gains as a vampire." She still didn't understand what this had to do with her. "I don't do magic." She didn't even think magic was real until she saw it for herself. "No ," Luke agreed with her, "But you are an anomaly - like him. You are the Slayer..." he didn't finish the thought but Rey got the gist: a Slayer-turned-vampire was bad news. So there was only one thing to do: kill him before he killed her... or worse, made her into a monster like him. The Slayer tensed her neck and drove her forehead into the middle of the vampire's face, shattering the nose and disorienting her opponent. Kylo could tell he was young - newly made - because he still believed he needed his nose to breathe. The Slayer drew back and kicked the vampire in the chest so hard he lost his footing on the soft soil of an overturned grave. She recovered her stake from the ground and launched herself at him, driving the wood into his body with the weight of her own momentum. Kylo moved between the headstones slowly, following her progress with interest. A second vampire grabbed her from behind, his forearm colliding with her collarbone. The Slayer gripped his elbow on both sides, stepped out, and swung her body around. Freed from the choke hold she slammed her foot into his instep, twisted and shoved her stake underneath the ribs and into the heart. Her technique was rough but it had improved since he last saw her. The Slayer stood still in the middle of the cemetery, facing away from him so he could admire the twist of her dark hair into three no-nonsense buns, her slender neck and the outline of her shoulder blades beneath her white shirt. She was small but lithe, agile, and not to be underestimated. He would not soon forget the pain of her blade slicing through his face and shoulder. Kylo stepped into the shadow of a black granite mausoleum, watching her turn in a slow circle with her stake loosely in hand. She sensed him in the stillness of the cemetery just as he smelled her. Her face revealed how young she was, brow furrowing in confusion and lips pressed together. Her eyes flickered over the entrance to the mausoleum and then her cell phone vibrated, distracting the girl. He gazed at her steadily as she held up the phone, checked the display, and answered. It was Luke - who called to inform her that the general's plane had landed in California. There was a single reason why the leader of the Resistance would come here. Someone would be answering to the Supreme Leader for this. Chapter 2 : The Seven Summary: General Organa and Luke break the news about a prophecy concerning the Knights of Ren, and Poe arrives with reinforcements. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Leia Organa seemed out of place in Luke's sparsely furnished, too-small kitchen. She was shorter than Rey but easily filled the room, dressed in civilian clothing with her dark hair pulled back into a bun. The general was in charge of the Resistance, an experimental initiative under the (unofficial) directive of the American government (or so Finn had told her). It was made up of soldiers - well-trained but normal people, people without powers - who knew that demons and vampires were real. Over the past few years the Resistance had focused its attention on dismantling the First Order with little success. It spread and would continue to do so until Snoke was found and destroyed. The Resistance knew very little about him. Rey knew even less. He was very old and very powerful, persuading demons, vampires, and even humans to work together in service to the First Order. The only way to find him would be to capture one of his followers, a high-ranking member of his cult who communicated directly with him. He needed to be stopped. "It's good to see you again, Rey," Leia greeted her when she stepped into the kitchen, hesitating in the threshold. Finn was sitting on a stool next to the countertop and Luke stood across from him. "General," she nodded in response and took a seat next to Finn. "What happened?" Rey got straight to the point. Leia liked that about her. "We believe the Knights of Ren are here," she said, glancing to her brother briefly, "Luke tells me the... signs confirm the report we received." "What signs?" she shot an accusative look to her Watcher - who met her gaze unflinchingly, "No one told me about any signs." "I didn't want to worry you unnecessarily," he said by way of an excuse, "It would distract from your training." Before Rey could openly protest he continued in the same steady voice, "There is a prophecy in the Tython scrolls which speaks of The Seven. It is not fully translated yet," which was part of the reason he had not mentioned it to her, "But it is said they will open the mouth of Hell and bring about... the end of the world." "The end of the world ?" Finn echoed, "And you're just telling us about this now?" "Prophecies can be fickle..." "Not to mention vague," Rey muttered, interrupting her mentor to ask the more pressing question, "How do you know the Knights of Ren are The Seven?" She knew - she'd been told - there were seven knights, and the most powerful among them was Kylo Ren. But couldn't there be seven other demons? It wasn't as if the prophecy explicitly named those vampires as The Seven. "We don't," he acknowledged, "But it is rare for them to convene in one place. There is undoubtedly a reason." "Prophecy or not," Leia insisted, drawing their ire away from Luke momentarily, "The Knights are in Sunnydale which gives us seven unprecedented opportunities to find Snoke," and to neutralize one of his most formidable forces, "That is why the Resistance has come. We need to recover one alive, at least." Leia looked directly at the girl as she spoke, until Rey grew uncomfortable under the scrutiny of that gaze. She didn't think the general would ever go so far as to ask her not to kill Kylo Ren - not after what he had done - but soon she realized why the silence was so heavy. "You want Kylo Ren," and not as a pile of dust in a rubbish bin. "He is the leader of the Knights," Leia confirmed reasonably, her voice and expression giving nothing away, "His information would be invaluable to us." Assuming you can get it , she thought dubiously. "I'll do my best." Leia's shoulders relaxed fractionally. It wasn't even a guarantee - Rey couldn't give her that - but just the promise that she would try to subdue him without staking him reassured the general. "Thank you, Rey." Rey was still annoyed with Luke when he accompanied her on patrol over the weekend. He hadn't done that in about a month and she wondered if it was because of the prophecy. During the day her Watcher was buried elbow-deep in scholarship on the scrolls, attempting to piece together the answers she demanded from him - where this ritual would take place, and when, and how exactly The Seven planned to 'open the mouth of Hell' - while she worked hard to keep her mind off the fact that Kylo Ren was in Sunnydale. She kept an eye on the papers but there were no staggeringly suspicious deaths in the headlines that screamed 'Apocalyptic ritual' or 'Knights of Ren'. Rey knew they must've been up to something but whatever it was, they cleaned up after themselves very well. She didn't come across anything in the cemetery or downtown in the past four days. Tonight was also a bust. Rey staked two vampires before twelve and broke up a (human) mugging at a quarter to two. No demons. No knights. She and Luke exchanged barely a sentence's worth of words all night, and it wasn't until they were on their way back to the house that he spoke. "You are angry with me about the prophecy." "What gave it away?" Rey replied wryly, running her thumb over the tip of her stake as an excuse not to look at him. Luke didn't answer her rhetorical question, settling into the uncomfortable silence - he was good at that - until she surrendered her sarcasm. "You shouldn't have kept that from me," especially if he did so out of a misguided attempt to protect her. She was the last person in the world who needed protection. "It was an unsubstantiated prophecy, Rey, of which there are many," and in his mind there was no reason to put the weight of every possible catastrophic event ever predicted on her shoulders. "I could not be certain it referred to the First Order." "But you knew it was a possibility," that The Seven could be the Knights of Ren, and that they would come to Sunnydale. Luke conceded as much with a brief nod. "Do you think he is done with me?" "No," he replied and she heard something in his voice she didn't recognize, "Kylo Ren does not have the reputation of relinquishing the... object of his obsession. He may be under orders from Snoke but he will come for you." Rey swallowed hard. "And you still didn't trust me enough to tell me," that's what made her... angry. She got shoved into this Slayer role and she was told to trust Luke - and she did, but he always kept her at a distance. She didn't understand why he wouldn't want her to know. "Do you think he is going to turn me?" That she would end up a monster like Kylo Ren? Was that why Luke never confided in her? "Of course not." He stilled her then with a hand on her arm, and she turned to him. "I trust you." "Really?" Sometimes she wasn't so sure. He never talked about his days as a Watcher before he disappeared, abandoning his duties to live alone for ten years on some island off the coast of England. Rey knew he had a history with the vampire but he wouldn't tell her what Kylo Ren had done to him. Or was it Ben Solo? She didn't say any of this out loud but she'd needled him about it enough in the past that his eyes narrowed in recognition. He knew where this conversation might be headed. "I am your Watcher. This does not entitle you to my personal life," he insisted it had nothing to do with 'trust', but the necessary distance required for him to supervise her. He could not become emotionally invested, not in the way she craved, because he knew himself too well. Such affection would cloud his judgment and prevent him from seeing things clearly. He needed to be sure the path he set his Slayer on was the right one. "Trust me , Rey. Trust that I would never endanger you unnecessarily." Rey came around grudgingly. Maybe she was being hypocritical, demanding trust from him without trusting he had a good reason for doing what he did. She still didn't like being kept in the dark - especially about Kylo Ren - but she didn't want to fight with Luke. The air lightened between them on the way home, and by the time she slid into the driver's seat of the Falcon parked outside of her Watcher's house, she felt better than she had all week. Rey drove back to the apartment she shared with Finn, jogged up the stairs to the third floor, and fished her keys out of her back pocket - hesitating when she heard the muffled sound of conversation through the door. She wasn't sure if it was the television or not, so she knocked before entering. "Finn?" The conversation stopped and she heard one loud thump followed by the sound of Finn's muffled voice cursing, and she imagined he'd just tripped over something. He wrenched open the front door just as she slid her key into the lock, so his enthusiasm jerked her forward as well and she nearly fell over him. "Rey!" he caught her by shoulders and she jerked away at the press of something hard and cold against her arm. It was a bottle. "I've got a surprise for you." "Okay..." Rey frowned at him, shifting under the arm thrown over her back as he pulled her inside, "You haven't been drinking, have you?" Finn turned the label towards her, arching a brow. "Coke. You're as bad as the doctor," who warned him repeatedly not to drink while taking painkillers. Rey read the fine print of the over-the-counter drugs she'd picked up too. No drinking. "No one's as bad as a doctor," she protested half-heartedly, allowing her friend to pull her through the kitchen into the living room. Sitting on a black futon - which doubled as the couch, because their apartment was too small for a guest room - was someone Rey hadn't seen since Finn was in the hospital. Dark curly hair and warm eyes, handsome and fit in his uniform fatigues and a sleeveless white shirt. His signature jacket was tossed over the arm of the futon. "Poe Dameron." He was the best soldier in the Resistance, a former pilot turned demon hunter. "Rey." He smiled at her, setting down his beer on the particle board coffee table and standing up to greet her. She stuck out her hand to shake his but he pulled her into a hug instead. If he noticed her shoulders stiffening in response to the gesture, he didn't say anything. He was still smiling when he let go of her. They didn't know each other very well but the fact that she'd sliced up Kylo Ren and dragged Finn to safety won him over instantly. "I thought you were in Columbus." "Was," he confirmed, "The general requested my team's transfer to Sunnydale." He was the leader of the Black Squadron, which included a few soldiers she knew on sight: Jessica Pava and Snap Wexley, among others. She met them briefly. "We're here until the job's done." "Or the apocalypse comes," Finn supplied helpfully. "Right," Poe said, in a way that suggested he was well-aware of what Luke described - and not nearly as worried about it as they were, "Wouldn't want to miss that." Maybe he didn't believe in old scrolls and magical foresight. "You've heard the prophecy?" Rey just wanted to be sure. Finn shot her an apologetic look and she shrugged in response. It didn't bother her if he knew - and if he didn't hear it from them, she was sure General Organa would tell him. He was her right-hand man. "That the Knights of Ren will destroy the world?" More or less. "Hell, Kylo probably wrote that himself. Vamps like to talk big and the guy walks around in a mask." Those were tough words coming from someone who'd been personally tortured by Ren - but it made Rey smile faintly despite herself. If Poe could crack a joke about how melodramatic the Knights were, it made them seem less terrifying. Rey glanced away from Poe and finally noticed what else was on the coffee table. Guns. "Are those all yours?" He followed her glance and flashed another trademark grin, "Guilty," he said, raking a hand through his wavy hair, "That's why I came by. I wanted to drop off a few things. Consider it an... apology for leaving you guys in the lurch," by 'you guys' he really meant Finn. Someone should've stayed with him while he was unconscious in the hospital but Rey left to find Luke and shortly thereafter, Leia sent Poe and his team on another reconnaissance mission. Rey understood the regret. Poe recovered from it quickly and she saw no traces in his face when he added, "Finn told me you were out patrolling." "Yeah," Finn followed up hastily, either not noticing or not acknowledging the unspoken exchange between Rey and Poe. "This is what the Resistance is working with now. I thought you'd want to see so I told him he could wait here." She could hear the question in his voice, is that alright? "Sure." Finn relaxed - and now that he had Rey's approval, he picked up one of the guns and showed it to her, "Heckler and Koch G36K," he held it like he knew what he was doing, and he and Poe spoke in unison, "With dual optical sight." The two exchanged a look which Rey observed with bemusement. "Plus Poe says you can outfit it with a flashlight or night vision scope - perfect for us." There was a Ruger Mini-14 and an AKU-94, too, he explained, but the rifles looked about the same to Rey. "Those won't work on vampires." "We know," Poe assured her, "We use these to subdue demons. For the vampires, we've been developing a double-barrel taser pistol." He showed that to Rey and she took the gun, turning it over in her hands with genuine interest. "For the longer range we use a modified Calico M955A." "See the double pistol grips?" Finn asked her, hovering over her shoulder to point out the similarities, "But it shoots twelve thousand volts," which was strong enough to stun almost anything. He sounded impressed. So was Rey. That would make it easier to stake them. "I didn't know you knew so much about guns," she murmured to her roommate with a newly appraising look. She didn't - she knew how to pull a trigger, but the point was moot because Slayers didn't use guns. It wasn't part of their training. She was much better with swords. "I was a soldier," he reminded her, shrugging, "And a pretty good shot." "A damn good shot," Poe corrected him warmly, "You saved my life." Finn mumbled something in response. He was getting embarrassed, Rey could tell. So she handed the pistol back to Poe and changed the subject. "Thanks for bringing these by, Poe," even if she didn't appreciate the arsenal as well as Finn did, she was grateful. Rey didn't accept gifts often but weapons were always useful. "Do you have somewhere to stay tonight?" "Yeah," Finn agreed, glancing to Rey before offering, "You can crash on our futon if you want." "I've got a place, thanks," Poe looked past the two of them toward the kitchen, and the gleaming digital clock on the microwave, "Damn. I didn't realize it was so late. I should get going." Rey and Finn showed him to the door and he left his number. He told them to give him a call the next time they needed any back-up while patrolling for the Knights of Ren. Rey wasn't sure she'd ever make the call - she didn't really like asking people for help - but she acknowledged it. After he left Finn cleaned up the living room and stocked the weapons in the pantry behind the coats and the vacuum (where else?). Rey resisted the urge to tease him about acting so starstruck around Poe. Instead she filled him in on yet another uneventful night of slaying. "No Kylo Ren?" Finn washed out his empty Coke bottle and tossed it into the recycling bag. "Not yet." It was only a matter of time. "I'm going to try to get some sleep." Try being the operative word. Rey always had trouble sleeping but ever since she met him, the insomnia had gotten worse. Her nightmares were more frequent. He was almost always in them. She was sure tonight wouldn't be any different. There had to be a better way to track the Knights than wandering all over town, she thought. If Kylo Ren really was determined to make her a monster, he would come to her. All she needed to do was set the trap. Notes: Thank you so much for the amazing feedback! I really appreciate all of your comments and kudos :) It's amazing and encouraging!