One "You're in sixth year and you haven't even had your first kiss!?" Rey screeched. "Could you keep it down? I'd prefer it if the whole wizarding world doesn't know I haven't sucked anyone's face off like a dementor yet," Kylo hissed, nearly falling off his chair. They were seated in the far corner of the library where Kylo had fled to after an embarrassing revelation in truth or dare with the Gryffindors. "Maybe if they actually knew you existed, they'd flock in by the dozens and smooch you silly!" Kylo knew he shouldn't have let Rey convince him to join those obnoxious idiots. He rolled his eyes, mentally preparing for one of her infamous speeches on his, what he likes to call, "independence," (whereas the entirety of Hogwarts would put it more along the lines of, "introversion"). Rey was a great kid, but she tended to care way too much about things that weren't any of her business. The only reason Kylo accepted her friendship back when he was in fourth year, she in second, was because of her persistence. She had approached the pale, lanky boy in the outskirts of the crowds when nobody else would and made it her goal to make his life better. But her constant pestering about his social and relationship status only reminded him of how pathetic he was. "Maybe if you'd just put yourself out there, people will see that you're actually a great guy," she said, attempting to sound encouraging, but her annoyance of his lack of interest shone brighter. Kylo laughed bitterly. "Really. Name one redeeming quality that I possess," he deadpanned. Rey blinked and Kylo could see the gears turning in her head. Before she could splutter out some hopelessly fake fact about how cool he was, he stood up. "Yeah, I'll keep that in mind the next time someone actually cares enough to know," he spat sarcastically. But he really meant it. He made his way to leave, hoping to find peace in the Ravenclaw dormitory, but before he could take another step, Rey whispered something, and as he turned to ask, rather angrily, what exactly she was saying behind his back, he was struck with a jinx straight from Rey's wand. When he opened his mouth to shout all the profanities under the sun at her, no sound accompanied his frantic mouthing of the words, "Fuck you." Chapter 2 : Two Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo abruptly shut his mouth and glared at Rey. She looked at him almost apologetically, but then smirked, leaving Kylo to wonder if that sorry glance was ever there. "What the hell did you do?" Kylo mouthed angrily, gesticulating wildly. Rey seemed to understand the message he was trying to convey, because she responded with a sickly giggle and said, "I cast the lip-lock jinx on you," as if it were the most hilarious thing. Kylo, arms crossed, raised his eyebrows and said– well, tried to say, "Care to elaborate?" "It means you'll be mute until I reverse it or until you kiss the person you desire," Rey explained with a childish grin. "Then reverse it", Kylo mouthed irritably. Rey considered this for about five seconds before shaking her head and darting away. Kylo stood with his mouth opening and closing repeatedly like a fish before taking off after her, all the while swearing silently. But, due to his lack it exercise and Rey's head start, the young Gryffindor was nowhere to be seen. He growled and stormed off toward the Ravenclaw tower, nearly colliding with a Slytherin around the corner. Kylo's heart leapt when he realized who that Slytherin was: Brendol Hux. Hux, who preferred to be called by his surname, was a handsome, intelligent and talented boy who lived up to the stereotypical Slytherin standards: pureblood, rich, and a downright asshole, and Kylo had the misfortune of falling for him. Notes: Hux's lack of a first name means I have to come up with one, so I just stuck him with his father's. Notes: Yo, friends. This is my first attempt at a chaptered fic, so I apologize for any errors in my grammar, spelling, content, etc. The chapters will be generally short and I haven't decided on an update schedule, but I'll figure out something. I figured the kylux community needed more Hogwarts au's, so here we are. I got this idea from The Lip-Lock Jinx by Cassis Luna on fanfiction.net. It's a great drarry fic. Do read it if you're a drarry fanatic like myself.