When Poe slouched back in his chair and said, "Impress me, hotshot," with a wave of his hand, well. This is not what he was expecting. To be fair, he is impressed. By how bad this is. "Look," he says, holding a hand out to ward the stripper off. "Just, stop. Uh, what's your name again?" "Finn?" the stripper says, like he isn't sure. "Finn," Poe says, shrugging. "Okay. I just - don't think this is working out." "You don't like me?" Finn says, his eager puppy dog expression crumbling into wounded rejection. "I like you, sweetie, of course," Poe hastens to reassure him. Finn is exactly his type, actually - pretty and muscley, something that's surprisingly hard to find in combination. "It's just, you're not very... good at this." "Oh," Finn says, face falling even further. "Sorry. I'm trying, I swear." "I can see that," Poe says, petting Finn's shoulder reassuringly before remembering he's not supposed to touch. Finn doesn't seem to remember either. "It's just, my arms are so - you know, and my legs - and, everything gets all tangled up," Finn says miserably to his feet. "I'm just no good." "I'm sure you're - " "I only made five credits last night." Poe was going to tip him five credits just to get him out of the room and avoid this awkward conversation. Now, doing it would make him feel like a total asshole. "Look," Poe finds himself saying. "I can teach you, if you'd like." "Teach me?" Finn says skeptically. "How to give a lap - " "Yeah," Poe says. Finn looks at him hard for a second, like he's not sure if Poe is serious or not. "Okay. Sure. Okay." "Okay," Poe says. He stands up and gestures at the chair. "You sit down." Finn sits. Poe paces around the small private tent, thinking. Not that any of it is really private - it's just as easy to hear the throbbing beat of the club music inside the tent than out, not to mention the clink of ice in glasses, the laughter, the appreciative moans and groans. Finn jumps as a tray of glasses falls nearby, shattering against the sticky concrete floor. Poe leans in close, until he's sure he's got Finn's attention. "You get distracted too easily," he tells Finn. "I know it's a lot to handle, but when you're in here, you have to drown it all out. You have to make your client feel like they're the only one." "Gotcha," Finn whispers, then swallows, an audible click in his throat. "What else?" Poe backs up to the edge of the tent, making sure Finn is still watching him, then stalks back over to the chair, hips swaying. "The way you came up to me like that was good," Poe says. "Could do with a little more swagger. Some like 'em shy, but big boy like you - they'll expect you to be more forward. You can still do that look through your eyelashes, though. Like - " Poe lets his eyelids droop, his gaze go soft. "Would you like a dance, sir?" "Uh," Finn stutters, and then when Poe doesn't move, except to cock an eyebrow at him expectantly, says, "Yeah." "Good choice," Poe says, and flashes Finn a cocky grin. He's settling into the rhythm of the club music now, his hips swinging almost unconsciously as he makes a slow circle around the chair. He brushes up against Finn's bare shoulders as he goes by, making him jump again. "Number one rule - stay loose. You can't dance if you're overthinking it. And this one's not really a rule, but don't break eye contact if you can help it." Finn won't have to do this by the time he hits the floor, not if the bare chest and body paint are his normal attire, but Poe can't resist showing off anyway. He strips out of his coat slowly, with practised flair, then drops it into Finn's lap. Finn clutches it like a lifeline, eyes wide. Poe laughs, and runs his hands up his shirt, teasing. This is going to be fun. The new song has a faster beat, and Poe doesn't really think much about what he's doing, just lets his hips and hands take over. He moves easily around Finn, touching him more than he usually would, except there's a bead of sweat rolling down Finn's bare chest and it's intriguing and extremely attractive - Finn is extremely attractive and his skin is surprisingly soft, and Poe is only human, okay? He turns and just grazes his ass against Finn's legs, circling his hips up and down. He dips further and further down each time, his quads starting to burn with the effort. "You're - you're not looking at me," Finn points out, voice creaking. Poe sits down in Finn's lap, grinding down quick and dirty, before leaning back against Finn, turning his head against Finn's cheek. "Quick study, huh?" he says, breath ghosting against Finn's parted lips. Then he's up, tugging his jacket off of Finn's lap along with him. He tosses the jacket to the floor. Finn gulps as Poe straddles the chair, arching his back and rubbing his substantial bulge right up against Finn's chest, before folding forwards and grinding right down into Finn's lap again, not even bothering to be subtle now. He runs his hands up and down Finn's chest, lingering over his well-defined abs, loving the way Finn shivers in response. He sucks one of his own fingers into his mouth, then watches Finn's eyes glaze over as he paints over Finn's lips with it, before turning Finn's chin up and giving him a kiss. The song ends, and they freeze in the relative silence before the next song starts, fast and thumping. "Only kiss the ones you really like," Poe says. "Yeah," Finn says shakily. "I - I knew that." "So, you got all of that?" Poe asks brightly. He should move before someone happens to burst into their tent and kick Poe out for mishandling the goods, but he doesn't really want to. "Uh," Finn says. "I think I might need a refresher course." Poe laughs and swings himself up. Grabs his jacket, which hopefully won't be too regrettably sticky from its adventure on the floor. Come find me outside," he suggests. "I'll give you all the tutoring you need." Notes: Did you know, the first thing that pops up on Google when you search "how to give a lap dance" is this: "Henceforth, all your movements have to be slow and underwater-style, and you can never break eye contact." Haha, what?!