you have come to realize that your bedroom changes with what goes on inside it. sometimes it is pink and soft and sweet, like delivered-in candies for the mess hall or the pale congealed blood that thrums through you both, or bright iced blue like the flashes across kylo's eyes or the snow that freezes the windows. tonight, it is an apocalyptic swirl of reds and oranges that beat and shatter with every movement, the heady scent of thunder and lighting rolling down as a thin layer of charcoal smoke coats your every move, leaving smoldering touches across kylo. you are burning him with every flash of motion and he is spitting poison as he slams you into the wall, causing your teeth to rip into the side of your mouth and tear into the delicate fleshy layer of skin, blood beading through the fresh lattice of holes. he's breathing hard (you both are) and you can feel the sweat on his naked body as he slides against your back, teeth clenched and growling. one of his hands is wrapped in your hair, pulling it so tight your eyes water. you do not feel so much like a trapped rabbit underneath him, the big bad wolf, as you used to. he can snarl and roar all he wants but it doesn't matter anymore because his words are empty threats when he murmurs, breath hot on your neck ― "you're mine . do you understand that? fucking whore ―" the words are halfway out of his mouth before you make an " engh! " noise and slam your elbow into his chest, stunning him just long enough so you can scrabble out from under him and leap onto the bed. you turn, wide-eyed and hair swarming over your face, to see kylo glaring at you. your shove hair out of the way, eyes travelling up sweat-soaked corded muscle and blood-crusted fingernails to land on cold hard brown eyes. there is a drumbeat brewing in your veins, screaming in your ears, and the scratches on your back smart a little as you pull yourself up to standing. the room is very quiet as you stare at each other, the embers licking along the walls as the orange glow of the candles around you flicker and dance. you've been doing this for nearly an hour now, slipping out of his grasp like the silver fishes in the lake downforest, a soft wisp of hair and bones and skin. it's annoying him. kylo moves faster than you can register and you yelp and squeal as he dives on top of you roughly, practically knocking the wind from you as you fall back onto the bed, the ghost of a breath leaving your lips as you stare wide-eyed at the candles. your mouth is hanging open slightly as you feel a pair of warm lips press to your neck, the barest hint of teeth behind them reminding you that there is a murderer on top of you right now. kylo trails his mouth down your body, stopping at your hips, and you whimper as you feel a hand grab your chin and turn your head roughly downwards. " look at me," kylo says, the words tickling against skin and bone. it comes out as a hushed threat, masked as an order. the candles are bouncing off his dark eyes and you feel that you could drown in them if you stared for too long. "don't turn your head away," he continues, one hand sliding up to rest flat on your stomach. "i want you to watch me." he's painfully slow, tongue licking over you as you whine in frustration. he's going over everywhere that doesn't need to be touched, deliberately missing out the most important parts. idiot , you think bitterly. can't even make me come prop ― you jolt, body stiffening as you notice a familiar push worming its way into your brain, fading away fast. you swallow and your heart turns to cold slush, squeezing your eyes closed before fluttering them open and tilting your head up to see kylo staring at you, hands still clamped around your thighs. his expression is conveying nothing but unholy intentions, eyes burning with an almost animalistic heat. "you think i can't fuck you?" he says, voice no louder than a whisper, and you sob, shaking your head frantically. his voice escalates to a yell as he climbs over you, hands either side of your head. "you think i can't make you tear your throat to shreds from screaming, as you take my cock like the slut you are?" "n-no, kylo..." you begin, jolting as you try and stop the tears that are rolling down your face. you're gasping for breath as you try to speak, fear enveloping you. "y-you can definitely d―" you give up, suddenly, as a wave of emotion overtakes you and you crunch your body into a ball, turning onto your side and squeezing your eyes closed as you cry into your hand. the noises are embarrassingly loud, echoing off the walls. kylo blinks, eyes tracing the curve of your spine as shadows dance across your skin. he reaches a hand out tentatively, brushing it through strands of your hair and clumsily combing them from your face. you are in the awful stages of aftershocks from crying, taking huge shuddering breaths and gasping as you release a few more whines. you barely notice kylo's touch until a cool hand slides across your cheek, and you swallow, rolling onto your back. there's a dull, farway sadness in his expression, and the black of his eyes have melted away to a sweet amber, sunlight dappled across summer fires. a patchy smoke lingers in the air from the candles, some of which have started to snuff out on their own. you wipe your eyes awkwardly. "i-i'm sorry―" "don't be," he says blankly. "not your fault." he traced his hands over your body, eyes darting up in interest at every one of your moans and whimpers. he'd never taken the time to explore you properly, he realized. always too focused on himself. he swallowed up your stomach, navel, pussy, imagining how full you would be with his fingers and cock inside you, how small and exposed and fragile you were in comparison to him. he pushed his thumbs along the underside of your breasts, sliding along sweat as his hands scraped down your waist and he leaned down to kiss you. he tried to ignore the ghostly feel of wet tears on your cheeks, tried to ignore the worsening guilt in his stomach. "come here," he said weakly as he sat up, pulling you up towards him. one arm clamped around your back, the other nestling between your legs so he could spread your thighs apart and push into you. he groaned as a familiar wet heat enveloped him, something feeling... different this time. you sighed, head tilting back as you felt kylo run his tongue up the exposed column of your neck as he began to thrust up into you. you mewled, hands scrabbling at his back as your nails dug into his skin for leverage. "i-i love the way y-you feel― ah, gods! ― inside of me," you breathed, voice hitching with every fast thrust. kylo smirked against your skin. "i love the way you stretch me out, and t-the way you― kylo! " your voice tailed off into a wail as kylo rubbed your clit between his knuckles, nipping on the soft skin of your neck. you were water and orchids and forest fires to him, clear and blossoming and deadly. "i want to see you come," kylo groaned. "want to see your face as you clench around me and feel me inside of you. see how long it takes before you scream for me again, keep you on my cock till you can't move afterwards, till my cum plugs you up so much you can't think straight." he gave a strangled moan, pulling your legs up to fit deeper inside of you. "want that real bad." you sigh in pleasured agreement, eyelids fluttering as you slowly give way to a loss of inhibition. the fire is kindling into an inferno in your belly, the walls blackened and room dark except for the sprites of three candles dancing. you shriek as kylo fucks you relentlessly, carnally, his hips snapping as you fall backwards from the pressure. your body is straining from the intensity and you cry out, hips rolling in time with his as you feel him center the force on your clit, sliding it over the white-hot point. you grit your teeth and wail his name as you come, body lurching and shaking from the waves passing through you. your vision fogs, and you hear yourself moan, the sound distant. kylo whispers your name like a prayer as he comes, filling you up. you feel your belly go warm from the feeling, his cum pooling out of you as the fog of pleasure lifts from your brain like you've just burst out of a pit of water, ears popping. a brief silence fills the room as you both breathe hard, not quite believing everything as real. "we-we're done now, right?" you pant, exhaustion making your limbs quake. you can still feel kylo idly thrusting in and out of you as you gasp for air, sweat running off your body. there's a pause. "of course not," kylo says, and your eyes slide back down to see him smile. "you're still moving." Notes: i feel like i write kylo as being too nice. hmm.