Ben Solo has just turned fifteen when his uncle adopts a brat of a girl named Rey. She’s thirteen, with bitten off nails, scabby knees, and chestnut hair that she wears pulled up into three messy buns. She carries a pilot doll wherever she goes, and she’s just scrawny enough for it to be concerning. Uncle Luke puts beef franks on the grill while Mom sets up the condiments and hot dog buns. He and Rey sit on the porch swing, idly rocking it back and forth. “Where’d you come from?” Ben asks, even though that’s rude and he knows it. Rey scowls at him something fierce, then says, “Well, you see, when a man and a woman love each other very much, sometimes they screw and make a baby. So that’s where I came from, just like everybody else.” “I’ve had ‘the talk,’ thanks,” Ben says dryly. “Not really what I meant.” Uncle Luke and his mother are too busy cooking to catch this conversation, and he supposes that’s probably a good thing. “I grew up in Jakku, Arizona,” Rey says. “It’s a craphole, but I’m going back whenever Luke gets tired of me.” Ben frowns. There’s so much wrong with that statement he doesn’t know where to begin. “Why?” “My family left me there—my real family,” Rey says. “When they come back for me, I should be there. I’ve already been gone too long.” Ben knows a little something about not being wanted, and he suspects that if her family was capable of or interested in finding her, they’d have done it by now. Rey sneaks out at all hours of the day and night, sometimes to wander the neighborhood, or steal things from the 7-11 at the corner of Church and Chapel, sometimes to haunt the play park or the Solo house. She seems determined to give Uncle Luke a heart attack—or perhaps she’s just trying to get him to send her back, like mail that got delivered to a wrong address. Tonight he wakes to a pebble striking his window. Ben ignores it, but Rey jimmies the unlatched window open and climbs inside all on her own. He covers his face with a pillow and says into it, “I’ve gotta be up at five-thirty, you know.” Rey gets into his bed, rips the pillow off his face, and lies next to him. “Why so early? School doesn’t start until seven.” His stomach flips uncomfortably. “Mr. Snoke tutors me in English in the mornings,” he says, and he hopes it’s too dark for Rey to see how much he’s blushing. “Oh,” she says. “Is that why you were held back last year?” “Sort of.” Ben got into a lot of fights in the last semester of his freshman year, and he failed both English I and World History spectacularly because he’s a sixteen-year-old who reads like a fourth-grader. Mr. Snoke says he’s not stupid—that he’s actually very smart—but it’s going to take a lot of hard work to get his reading rate and comprehension up to where it needs to be. Ben isn’t sure how that’s ever going to happen when they only spend half their time actually working on his English, but he doesn’t say this to Rey. She might be street wise for a fourteen-year-old kid, but he doubts she’d understand what happens in Mr. Snoke’s office. “You really shouldn’t be in my bed,” Ben whispers. “It’s not appropriate.” He’s a fucking hypocrite for saying that, considering what he’s been getting up to for the last three years. Rey snorts a laugh and snuggles closer. “Why? Aren’t we family?” she asks, voice dripping with sarcasm. Ben plays with a lock of her soft hair and tries not to take comfort in her skinny body cuddled up against him. “Doesn’t matter,” he says. “Because I’ve got a vagina?” He rolls his eyes. Sometimes she’s so crude for a girl her age. “Yeah.” “Like that matters much to you. Don’t you like boys too?” Rey asks, casual, like this is nothing important at all. Ben freezes, heart pounding hard in his chest. “How’d you know that?” he asks, maybe sharper than he should, because he’s never told anyone this secret and had rather hoped it wasn’t obvious. Rey shrugs. “I dunno. You kinda look at boys the same way you look at girls.” She doesn’t seem to care even a little bit about the fact that he’s not straight, and that calms Ben, if only somewhat. “You can’t tell anybody at school,” he says. “I’d get fucking crucified for it.” “Of course I won’t say anything.” Rey throws her arm around his waist and buries her face against his chest. “You smell good,” she whispers, and there’s something soft in her voice that he can’t quite place. “What kind of soap do you use?” It’s pine scented. Mr. Snoke hates it, and so Ben stubbornly keeps buying more of the shit—not that it’s likely to deter his teacher. Besides, he isn’t sure he wants to deter him. Sometimes Mr. Snoke hurts him, but he also tells him he’s clever and beautiful and he promises never to leave him. Dad visits for the first time in years, and he doesn’t seem to know what to say whenever he and Ben are in the same room. Not that it matters; there’s nothing he could say to make things right. He has the gall to ask to stay at the house, and Mom is just weak enough to let him. Ben doesn’t want anything to do with his father, though, so he steals Dad’s prized car and speeds around town, going 80 miles per hour in a 35, taking sharp curves so quickly that he’s lucky he doesn’t crash and kill himself. (What would it matter if he did? Nobody would miss him, except Mr. Snoke. And maybe Rey.) He picks up a 40 ounce beer from the mini-mart that doesn’t card and never closes, and he drinks it while he drives. There are no cops out, not at three o’clock in the morning in a town like Greenfield. Ben circles back to his neighborhood, but he parks out of the way, finishes his beer, takes a piss in the bushes, then walks to number 1720 and knocks on Rey’s window. She lets him inside, frowning. Ben can’t help but notice that she’s only wearing a pair of his own boxers and a white cami he can see straight through. Rey grows prettier every day, and she’s got legs for miles and pert breasts that he’s been thinking of more than he should. Fifteen isn’t too young, he tells himself. When he was fifteen he’d already been fucking for two years. Rey hugs him, but she quickly pulls away and asks, “Have you been drinking?” “A little. I’m buzzed but I’m not drunk,” he says, and that’s true enough. She crosses her arms over her chest, like maybe she’s just noticed how sheer her top is. “Luke says your dad came home.” “I don’t want to talk about that,” Ben snaps. “I don’t want to talk about anything.” “Then why are you here?” Rey asks. Ben pulls her against him and kisses her without thinking about it, without weighing the consequences of his actions. Rey makes a startled noise that dies in the back of her throat, but she opens her mouth to him just the same. She tastes like toothpaste and sleep and girl, and when he cups her breast she whimpers, leans into his touch. He plucks at her nipple, just to feel it harden between his fingers. His hand wanders down her belly, then underneath the waistband of her shorts. He waits for her to do or say something, anything, giving him permission to touch her, but Rey just trembles. Ben kisses her jaw, bites her neck, sucks her earlobe, then whispers, “I want to make you come, sweetheart. Will you let me?” “Yeah,” Rey says, her voice impossibly quiet. “Okay.” He pulls her boxers down her legs, then pushes her against the wall and slides his hand between her thighs. Ben isn’t completely sure how this works—he’s only ever done this sort of thing with a man before—but when he finds her sex so wet and warm, he pushes a finger inside her, then another. Rey gasps and closes her eyes, starts rocking in time with his thrusting fingers. Ben kisses her temple. “How does it feel?” “It hurts, a little, but it’s still good,” she says, breathless. “So good—oh God, Ben.” He keeps at it until she’s shaking like a leaf, clutching at him for support, and he has to cover her mouth with his free hand when she comes, muffling the sound of her moans with his palm. When it’s over, he wipes his wet fingers on his pants and looks at her, really looks. She’s still wearing her see-through cami, his own boxers twisted around her knees, hair messy and tangled. Ben picks her up bridal style, carries her to the bed, and drops her there unceremoniously. “Can I touch you?” Rey asks, even as she’s reaching for his belt. “No,” Ben says, and he catches her wrists, squeezes just hard enough to make her pull out of his grasp. “But I want to make you feel good too,” Rey whispers. He pushes up her shirt and bows his head to suck on a pretty pink nipple. That shuts her up—at least for now. He makes Rey come twice more before the night is through, once with his fingers, again with his mouth. Then Ben kisses her goodbye and climbs out of her window as the sun rises, still refusing to think about the gravity of what he’s just done. He avoids Rey for three solid days, ignoring her texts and calls, and trying (unsuccessfully) to forget the taste of her. His phone buzzes again, and Ben weakens enough to read her message: I miss you. Please don’t shut me out. He turns off his phone and sleeps away the afternoon. Ben wakes to find Rey climbing into his bed and straddling his lap. She’s wearing a white bikini top and a pair of tiny denim shorts, and his cock hardens just at the sight of her, half-naked and sitting on him. She must be able to feel it too, and she blushes when he grabs her hips and pulls her against him. Christ, the friction is so impossibly sweet, and he can’t help but buck up against her. She grabs his shoulders, maybe to steady herself. “I’m not here for that,” Rey says, but he’s certain she’s lying. What else would she want with him? “Right,” Ben says, even as flips her onto her back. “You haven’t been answering my calls,” Rey accuses, but she doesn’t stop him from unbuttoning her shorts and dragging them down her legs. (Of course she doesn’t.) “And?” Ben asks. He pulls at the ties holding her string bikini bottoms on, then rips them off of her. “You’re awful,” she says, but then he’s thrusting into her with his fingers again, more roughly than he had three nights ago. He thinks maybe it hurts her some, because she winces, but Rey still likes it, if the way she’s squirming and panting means anything. “I need to fuck you. Now,” Ben says, and God, has he ever sounded so broken? Rey takes off her bikini top and spreads her legs wider, welcoming him. He pushes down his pajama pants, presses his cock to her sex, and shudders at the warmth of her against him. “Are you on the pill?” Ben asks. “Are you kidding? I couldn’t ask Luke for that,” Rey says. “Have you got a condom?” No, he doesn’t, because he’s never used any kind of protection before. Ben curses and slams his fist against the headboard. The last thing he needs is to knock up his fifteen-year-old sort-of-cousin, but it’s hard to remember the risks when she’s lying beneath him, so beautiful and wet and ready. “I’ll pull out,” he promises. “Okay?” “All right,” Rey says, and then he’s pushing into her. She immediately goes rigid, fingernails digging into his back, plump bottom lip caught between her teeth. When he thrusts, sliding his full length inside of her, Rey whimpers, “Stop.” Ben freezes, hard cock throbbing between her legs. She’s crying, just a little bit—but she feels so good, her slick heat wrapped around him, like nothing he’s ever felt before, and— “Sweetheart, please,” he begs. Rey wipes at her flushed face and says, “Just make it quick.” That shouldn’t be a problem. All his self-control seems to have gone out the window. So Ben fucks her hard and fast, and what the hell is wrong with him, that he likes kissing away her tears? He keeps his promise, pulls out at the last moment, and comes on her belly. Rey isn’t crying anymore, but she’s still trembling, and he sees blood between her legs and on his cock. Ben feels sick with himself, because this isn’t what he wanted for her. She deserves better than him . Still, Rey tugs him down to claim his mouth, and they’re so hungry, so desperate for one another, that it’s a sloppy mess of a kiss. “I love you,” she whispers against his lips. “I love you so much, Ben—” He kisses her quiet, because he doesn’t want to think about the last time he heard those words, only a week ago—how he was on his knees, with Mr. Snoke’s hands gripping his hair, pulling just hard enough to hurt— Ben wrenches away from her, trying to push the memory down, but it’s too late. He feels his stomach turn and his cock start to harden again, the confusing double grip of nausea and desire taking hold of him at once. “You should go,” he says. Rey stares at him dumbly, still naked and bleeding on his bed. Ben grabs a towel from his bathroom, wipes up the mess on her stomach, and throws it in his dirty laundry. Then he gathers up her clothes and tosses them to her. “You can’t just kick me out,” she says, and her voice is so small that he hates himself even more. Maybe if he’s enough of a bastard to her now she won’t want him again. “Go home, Rey.” She cries as she dresses, then hurries from his room as quickly as her long legs will carry her. He tells himself it’s better this way. Rey doesn’t talk to him all summer, and Ben has never felt more alone. He keeps to his room, reading until his head hurts, listening to music, and texting Mr. Snoke. Sometimes he wishes his mother would confiscate his phone and find all the inappropriate messages he stupidly refuses to delete, but she’s too busy with work to much care about who he’s talking to. He finally has his own car now, so when Mr. Snoke texts him an address, he drives there and spends a day in bed, being used. He’s taller than Mr. Snoke now, if only by an inch or so, but he still feels small and helpless under his hands. It’s good, and it’s horrible, and when his lover is finished with him, Ben goes back home and takes the hottest shower he can stand. Poe invites him to a party the very next day, and he only goes because he expects that Rey was invited too. Sure enough, he sees her sitting under an oak tree, sipping something from a red plastic cup. She looks so beautiful with her brown hair pulled back into a high ponytail, wearing a pale yellow sundress and golden sandals. Ben drinks his own cheap beer straight from the can and watches her. When she sees him looking, Rey frowns. Then she turns to the boy next to her and whispers something in his ear. The kid is about her own age, no more than sixteen, a skinny basketball player whose mother is the president of the Greenfield High School PTA. Until this moment, he’d never registered as remotely important on Ben’s radar, and he can’t recall the boy’s name. Rey kisses him, aggressive, open-mouthed, and so blatantly on display to catch Ben’s attention that, before he can stop himself, he’s striding across the field, pulling her off of the boy, yanking her to her feet, and saying, “I think it’s time you went home.” He’s making a scene, and half of their classmates are staring at them, but Ben doesn’t care. Let them talk. Rey tries to rip her arm away from him, but his grasp is too firm for her to escape. He half-drags her to his car and says, “Get in.” “I don’t need a ride,” Rey says. “Finn brought me.” “I don’t give a shit. Get in the car.” She glares at him with open loathing, but then Rey opens the door and settles into the passenger seat. Ben gets in, ignores his seatbelt, and starts the car. He drives more carefully than usual, though, because Rey is with him. “You’re such an asshole,” she says, after they’ve been riding in silence for five full minutes. “I’m not your damn girlfriend. I can kiss whoever I like.” “You only did that to make me angry,” he says, “so don’t go pretending that this reaction isn’t exactly what you wanted.” He reaches over and grasps her thigh, keeping his left hand on the wheel and most of his attention on the road. “What are you doing?” Rey asks. Her sun-browned skin is so warm and soft, and he slides his hand under her dress. He rubs her sex over her underwear, and Rey makes a sweet little sound low in her throat. Just yesterday, Ben was used in every way he knows, but that’s nothing compared to how he feels when Rey shivers under his touch and moans his name. He works her hard and fast, fingers moving in confident circles, until she goes rigid and shouts a wordless cry. He misses their next turn, too distracted to even halt at the stop sign, so he quickly pulls the car over to the side of the road and shuts off the engine. Ben gets out, strides around to the passenger side, opens the door, and hauls Rey out of the car. She lets him open the back door and push her face-down against the seat, rucking up her pretty yellow sundress around her hips. She’s wearing lacy underwear, and Ben shivers at the sight. He rips the fancy panties off of her and stuffs them in his pocket. “You knew this would happen,” he says, as he unbuckles his belt and pushes his jeans down his hips. “I hoped so,” Rey admits, and then he’s lying with his chest flush against her back, his cock pressing between her legs. She whines when he pushes inside of her, and he can’t tell from the strained noise whether it still hurts this time or not. So Ben goes as gently as he can, his movements sweet and controlled, even as he whispers, “You belong to me, Rey. Nobody else. You understand?” She’s so much smaller than him, and he’s never noticed it more than right now, with her slim body trapped beneath him. He rolls his hips and thrusts deeper, harder, making her cry out and grab at the upholstered interior of the back seat, scrambling for purchase. “Say it,” he orders. “I’m yours,” Rey moans. His climax hits him so suddenly that he doesn’t have time to pull out, and he bites her shoulder to muffle his cry as he comes inside of her. Afterward, he drives her back to their neighborhood. Rey’s hair is falling down from that cute little ponytail, her dress is wrinkled, there’s a bruise blooming on her shoulder, and she’s holding her legs together funny (probably to keep his come from dripping down her thighs). She looks unmistakably freshly fucked, and Ben can only pray that Uncle Luke is not home on this particular Saturday night. When he pulls into her driveway, Rey practically runs from his car, dashing inside before he has a chance to say anything to her. It doesn’t matter, though. He never has the right words when he needs them anyway. School starts back in the middle of August, right before his eighteenth birthday. Mr. Snoke gifts him with a key to his house, and Ben dutifully pockets it, promising to come by the next night at seven o’clock. Except when Friday evening rolls around, he finds himself on his bedroom floor with Rey straddling his hips. “My mom’s in the next room,” he says lamely, trying to think up some excuse to get rid of her. “So?” Rey grinds against him in a way that’s almost too sweet to bear. “I’m sorry,” he says, almost stuttering at the delicious feel of her pressed against his half-hard cock. “I have plans.” “With who?” Rey asks, and suddenly she’s looking at him with jealousy and suspicion. “Just some friends,” Ben says. “Are you fucking someone else?” she asks. “No,” he says fiercely. “Never.” His gut twists with guilt, but Ben does his damnedest to keep his expression sincere and honest, even as he lies through his teeth. Rey doesn’t look like she believes him. His phone vibrates, and Ben grabs it, his heart in his throat. It’s 7:15 , Mr. Snoke says. Where are you? He types out a quick reply, saying he’s not going to be able to make it tonight after all. He sets his phone aside, but it soon buzzes three times in quick succession, and Rey snatches it up before he can. “Who’s texting you so much?” she asks. He’s never so thoroughly regretted his stubborn refusal to password protect his phone. Ben lunges for it, but Rey scrambles away from him, quickly skimming his new messages. “‘I gave you a key and you’re not even going to use it? That’s not acceptable. If you don’t show up you’ll pay for it,’” she reads, and Ben’s stomach twists as Rey voices Mr. Snoke’s threat. “What the fuck? Who is this ‘S’ person?” “None of your business,” Ben mumbles, and he rips the phone out of her hands. At least she hadn’t scrolled up and gotten a look at yesterday’s messages. “Why do you have someone’s key?” Now she sounds both hurt and angry. “I don’t have time for this,” Ben says. He’s panicked over the prospect of getting punished, too anxious at the thought of precisely how Mr. Snoke was going to ‘make him pay’ to worry about Rey and this house of cards that’s collapsing around him. He grabs his wallet and keys, then hurries into the hall. To his surprise, she goes after him, shouting, “Don’t you run away from me, Ben Solo!” Mom looks around the kitchen corner and asks, “Is everything all right?” “Just fine,” Ben says, and he shoots a pointed look at Rey. “I’m headed out, though.” “Be back by midnight,” Mom reminds him. “Yeah, sure,” he says. Rey follows him outside, but before he can reach his car, she shoves him against the brick wall of the house and kisses him. Her mouth is needy and possessive on his, and her hands wander to his belt. It’s barely even dark yet, and anyone passing by could see them, but Ben doesn’t stop her when she cups him through his jeans. “You belong to me,” Rey whispers, mirroring his words back at him. He nods to appease her, and himself, but he knows it’s not true. If he’s anybody’s property, he’s Mr. Snoke’s. Ben spends most of his junior year sneaking around with his sixteen-year-old adopted cousin and his middle-aged English teacher. He’s been playing this game for so long that the subterfuge barely bothers him anymore, but he hates lying to Rey. She’s too smart not to know he’s fucking someone else, but she still lets him between her legs anyway. Tonight, when he refuses to take off his shirt, Rey rips it open, and buttons go flying across the hardwood floor. She breathes in sharply, then traces the bite mark on his shoulder. It’s a vicious thing, a rich purple bruise tinged with blue. Even her gentle touch hurts his tender skin, and he hisses, pulling away. “Is that from S?” she asks quietly. “You can tell me if it is.” “I’m not talking about it,” Ben says. “If you don’t want to discuss your cheating, maybe don’t come back to me with love bites and scratches next time, yeah?” Perhaps she’s trying to sound lofty, but Rey only manages to come off envious and bitter. “If it mattered that much to you, you’d quit fucking me,” he says. Rey kisses his forehead, a gesture that would be chaste if not for the way she’s rubbing herself against his lap. “It matters, but I love you too much to stop.” Ben hates hearing that, but at least with Rey he doesn’t have to fear punishment when he doesn’t say it in return. He flips her over onto her back and kisses her. Ben only ever gets to be on top when he’s with Rey, so he likes to take advantage of the opportunity. They’re still not using real protection, and considering the number of slip ups they’ve had in the last year, it’s half a miracle that she hasn’t gotten pregnant. Ben can’t quite make himself regret this foolishness, not when it feels so good to be inside her with nothing between them. The regret comes in May, when Rey approaches him at his locker, glances around surreptitiously, and whispers, “I’m late.” For a moment he’s confused, and Ben says, “We’ve got five minutes till fourth block starts.” She looks at him like he’s tremendously stupid. “Not late for class. My period is late.” He freezes, forgets his own locker combination, and asks, “How late?” “A week,” Rey says. “What if I’m pregnant? What are we gonna do?” “I’ve got a little money saved up,” Ben whispers, because Poe and his circle of friends are walking by. “I don’t know if it’d be enough to…” “To get rid of it?” Rey asks quietly, staring at the tiled floor beneath her feet. “So that’s what you’d want to do?” “What I want doesn’t really matter,” Ben says. “It’s your body that’d have to go through it, either way.” “Will you take me to the pharmacy after school?” she asks. “Of course,” Ben says. He doesn’t know how he sits through Mr. Bressinger’s final exam, and he doubts he scrapes better than a C anyway. After the bell rings, Rey meets him in the parking lot, and he drives her to Walgreens. He hangs back while she purchases the pregnancy test, but he can see that the pharmacist—a busybody old woman named June—calls her by name and says, “Dear, whatever do you need one of these for?” Just to make sure that anyone within earshot knows Rey Skywalker is buying something she shouldn’t. She blushes a furious red, pays for the test, and hurries out of the pharmacy. A quarter hour later, he’s waiting outside his own bathroom, watching the clock. “It’s been five minutes,” Ben says, impatient and nervous. “What are the results?” Rey opens the door and throws her arms around him. “I’m not pregnant!” Ben picks her up and spins her around, relieved and just a bit giddy. Then he kisses her, a quick little peck on the lips that soon grows into something hungrier and more heated. He drops her on the bed and starts undressing. “What do you think you’re doing?” Rey asks, laughing. “Celebrating,” Ben says, and his cheeks hurt from smiling so widely. “Isn’t that obvious?” “Not without a condom,” she says, but her eyes are lingering on the breadth of his shoulders. “Haven’t you learned anything from this?” Ben finishes stripping, then climbs up on the bed, on top of her. “We’ll use one next time,” he promises. Are you alone? Ben ignores the message for fifteen minutes, but then Mr. Snoke texts again: Answer me. He hesitates, because his mother is spending the night out of town, and Rey is at a concert with Finn and Poe. He’s as alone as he’s ever like to be, but he knows what’s going to happen if he answers honestly. Ben doesn’t want Mr. Snoke in his house. He’s managed to keep this one space clean of that man’s influence, his bed empty of the terrible things he makes him do. But it’s been two weeks since he was with Rey—she’s had a busy summer, always running around with her friends—and in the absence of her touch he’s lonely and aching. So he answers the message and waits for the doorbell to ring. He lets Mr. Snoke into his house twenty minutes later. He hasn’t seen his teacher since school let out, but the summer appears to be treating him kindly: he’s tan and lean, and he looks less tired than he did last semester. They don’t make it to his bedroom. Mr. Snoke pushes him against the living room wall and kisses him. He unbuckles Ben’s belt, pushes his jeans and boxers down around his knees, and takes his cock in hand. “Fuck,” he hisses, closing his eyes, because he doesn’t want to watch, doesn’t want to see himself bucking into this man’s hands, desperate and out of control. Mr. Snoke says, “That’s good, sweetheart.” Hearing that pet name turns his stomach, because it reminds him of the first time they ever did this, when he was thirteen and terrified, bent over a desk, with his teacher whispering that endearment in his ear. But it also makes him think of Rey, because he couldn’t count how often he’s called her that since he snuck into her room, buzzed off of cheap beer, and fingered her until she came. He wishes it was Rey touching him now, her hand instead of Mr. Snoke’s, pumping him closer to climax. Then he hears it, the soft noise of her sob. He knows it’s Rey, because how many times has he made her cry over the years? That sound is imprinted on his heart. Ben makes himself look over Mr. Snoke’s shoulder, and sure enough, there she stands, her pretty face wet with tears, twisted in disgust. Rey looks at him for a long moment, and then she turns around and bolts out of the house. He pushes his teacher away and scrambles to pull up his pants and buckle his belt. Mr. Snoke curses, but Ben pushes past him, shouting her name. He follows Rey back to her home, and it doesn’t matter that she locked him out, because he knows that Uncle Luke’s spare key is hidden under a brick on the porch. He finds her curled up in her bed, crying harder than he’s ever seen her cry before. “Rey,” he says, reaching out to grasp her shoulder. “I’m sorry. I’m so, so sorry.” She cringes away from him. “Don’t touch me.” Ben holds up his hands, and now he’s sobbing too, crying like he hasn’t done in nearly six years. “Rey, please let me explain.” She sits up and glares at him. “Fine. Talk. Explain why you’d rather be with a man old enough to be your father than with me.” There’s so much he could say. That it isn’t a matter of choice and never has been. That he loves her too, but the thought of saying those words out loud to anyone besides Mr. Snoke frightens and sickens him. But he can’t bring himself to admit these things, so instead he kisses her. Rey fights it, shoves at his chest and bites his lip hard enough to draw blood, so Ben pulls back. “Are you crazy?” she asks. “I don’t want you to kiss me after what I just saw. What’s wrong with you?” Ben shrinks away, because he sees it now, what should have been obvious from the beginning: he’s no good for Rey. He’s done nothing but use and dirty her, the way Mr. Snoke used and dirtied him. His teacher must send him fifty messages over the weekend, but Ben deletes every one of them. On Sunday night, he writes a note to his mother and packs a suitcase. He’s just getting ready to sneak out the door when his window opens. Rey climbs in, the way she’s been doing for years. “Where are you going?” “Not sure yet,” Ben says, too ashamed to meet her eyes. “Somewhere far from here.” “Are you coming back?” Rey asks. “No, sweetheart,” he says, before he can bite back the endearment. It would be best to just go now, because if he lingers he might not find the strength to leave at all. He turns toward the door, but then he feels Rey’s hand on his arm. “You’re not going to kiss me goodbye?” she asks. Ben stops, surprised, body suddenly rigid with need. “You want me to?” “I always want you to kiss me,” she whispers. “Even when I say I don’t.” Ben drops his luggage, pulls her against him, and bows low enough to press his lips to hers. It’s a soft, sweet, fleeting thing, maybe the most innocent kiss he’s ever given Rey. When it’s over, she clutches his shirt and says, “You know I’ll love you for the rest of my life, right?” This would be the moment to say it back—his last chance—but Ben can’t see how the truth would bring her anything but more pain. So instead he lets her go and says, “Thank you, Rey.” “For what?” she asks. He doesn’t answer. Later, on the road, Ben opens the window and lets the summer breeze inside his car. He plays his music too loud and sings along with the radio. In the lull between songs, he hears his phone buzzing, demanding attention. He can guess who it is, of course, without even looking, and he knows Mr. Snoke’s messages will just keep coming, dragging him back home if he lets them. Ben throws his phone out the open window. He’s still not sure where he’s headed, but it has to be better than staying in Greenfield. He could go anywhere, be anyone, do anything. He smiles as he crosses the county line, because for the first time since he was a thirteen-year-old child, Ben can see his choices. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Sweetheart series