“So,” Finn says, from where he’s sprawled out over the second bunk in Poe’s room, and Poe looks up from the holomanual he’s been reading to meet Finn’s lovely eyes. “Now that I’ve gotten out of medical and been officially recruited and all that good stuff - that is what you were waiting for, right? We can be boyfriends now?” Poe blinks at him for a moment, and then, slowly, grins. “Yeah, buddy,” he says, and can’t help chuckling a little in delight. “Yeah, we can be boyfriends now. If you’re sure?” “Oh yeah,” says Finn, rolling gracefully to his feet and sitting down next to Poe, who puts the holomanual aside and leans against him. “Very sure.” “Good,” says Poe, and finds that his words - usually his surest tool - have deserted him. “Good. Awesome. Can I kiss you now?” “Please,” says Finn cheerfully, and Poe leans over and presses their lips together, breathes in the scent of maleness and leather and indefinable something which is Finn, makes a soft pleased sound when Finn raises his hands to tangle in Poe’s hair. Across the room, BB-8 bloops. Finn pulls away from the kiss when Poe starts laughing against his lips. “What’d it say?” “Said ‘About time,’” Poe admits. “I gotta learn binary,” Finn sighs. “Hey, BB-8: could you give us a few minutes of privacy? I promise we’ll come out for dinner.” BB-8 bloops something else and goes rolling out the door, and Poe collapses against Finn’s shoulder and giggles for a while. “What’d it say that time?” Finn sighs, grinning down at his new boyfriend. “That non-droid mating is only amusing to watch the first time,” Poe says, slightly muffled by Finn’s shoulder. Finn blinks for a minute, then dissolves in chuckles. “Oh Force, why does it even know that? Poe, you’ve corrupted your droid.” “Not my fault!” Poe protests, raising his head in mock indignation. “ I thought it was powered off.” “You’re a menace,” Finn sighs, and pulls Poe into another kiss. * When they emerge - as promised - for dinner, Jess Pava takes one look at their clasped hands, at Poe’s red lips and mussed hair, and sighs. “Damn. I had my bet on you guys taking at least another month to get your act together.” “We are emotionally mature and communicative adults,” Poe says loftily. “By which he means I started the conversation,” Finn adds. “...And Finn started the conversation,” Poe agrees. “But then I was emotionally mature and communicative.” “It’s very true, you were,” Finn says, and leans in to kiss Poe very sweetly on the lips. “Oh dear gods of my ancestors, you’re going to be one of those couples,” Jess says. “I really, really should have known.” Poe glances over at Finn, grins, and lifts Finn’s hand to his lips so he can kiss the knuckles, staring deeply into Finn’s eyes. “One of those couples, Pava? What ever could you mean?” “I am going to be ill,” Jess declares, and goes stomping off towards the mess hall. She stops just before the corridor turns to look back and add, “By the way - congratulations on getting your shit together, and I wish you every happiness. And if you start making out anywhere near me I will dump a bucket of water over both of you, see if I don’t.” “Duly noted,” says Poe, grinning. “Gotcha,” Finn agrees, and carefully waits until she turns the corner before he pulls Poe into yet another kiss.