Here, in the dark, the only offered light came from the hushed illumination of the slowly rotating holo set at the centre of the table. One voice rose, clear and crisp as it detailed the data it laid out before the audience. Hux’s own remained silent, caught in his throat beneath the flush creeping up beneath his collar. But, no – there was a second voice: one in the back of his mind, shouting. Demanding to be let out. To drown out. To destroy. Hux held his silence. Before him – before them all, his own still stiff body but one amongst many – Chadri went on, voice light and lively, hands gesticulating with easy grace. He moved them too much, in Hux’s opinion. Not that he would offer it. Not that he would be listened to, even if he did. This particular junior staffer had no time for Brendol Hux Jr. Except when stealing his ideas, apparently, and passing them off wholesale as his own. The lights came on with sudden sharp glare, flickering up to full power. Chadri had fallen silent, though he almost vibrated with self-satisfied energy. For all his clear enthusiasm he remained an unremarkable looking young man; neither handsome nor ugly, his hair very dark and his eyes very blue. Hux was willing to admit that he at least dressed well, his lanky frame well-suited to the simple tailoring favoured by the Uyter fashion elite. There was a reason why Hux himself dressed much the same way, his own clothing high-collared and well-fitted, the long open-sleeved coat hung over the back of his chair. Senator Gillen had risen from her chair, her movement the cool fluid grace of a mountain stream. “Very interesting, Chadri. I should like to discuss these ideas with you further, though I have an appointment to keep with Senator Depallo.” Her smile, a lovely and quiet thing, felt a benediction as she passed her eyes over the room. “Please, if there is anything else anyone else would care to add to Chadri’s presentation, I would very much appreciate your input. Feel free to bring your ideas to the morning briefing, tomorrow.” Usually Hux drew an odd sort of peace from her presence. Today he sat very still, and very silent as the chamber erupted into motion and sound. The light chatter washed over him as a river while the others stood, gathering holopads and styluses, random pieces of flimsi disappearing into folders and bags. His own datapad sat before him, his eyes fixed upon the faint reflection he could see behind the lines of code marching across its pristine surface. The blink at the corner of his screen indicated an urgent message received. Still he did not move. “Is there something wrong, Hux?” He blinked, rapid and startled; inbred instinct should have had him on his feet, one hand reaching for the small knife sheathed in his boot. But he had repressed it enough times that now he simply looked up, expression bland, and hands only lightly curled instead of fisted to makeshift weapon. Nahani Gillen stood beside his chair, head lightly tilted, pale hair like starlight upon darkly-clad shoulders. Her usually impassive features held a hint of concern, that gently maternal air that had helped her people elect her to the Senate. His own smile, carefully chosen and displayed, was one he’d been told was charming. Though most would then whisper behind his back that it held a certain serpentine quality. Even in the deeply political maelstrom of Coruscanti life, the name Hux had earned a taint not easily erased by skill or easy social graces. “Hux?” she repeated, and he blinked again, just once. “Apologies, Senator. I was deep in thought.” “Yes, I could see as much. Chadri’s presentation has brought up many an interesting point indeed.” The steel-grey of her eyes reminded him that this was a woman who missed little, even when she spoke with a conversational lightness most would have expected at a summer picnic. “I am not surprised to find they are relevant to your own work,” she added, and the tightening edges of his practised smile began to hurt. “I am sure I will be able to refine my thoughts and offer them to you later, when you have concluded your meeting with Senator Depallo.” “Oh, I won’t be back this evening. We are to have dinner, together, and then I shall return to my apartments.” One lovely hand rose, smoothed over the elegant lines of her robe. “But we should speak, you and I. Come morning.” His eyes flicked down again, to the notification still blinking at the top of his holopad. He had few matters of import scheduled for the following day, though little would ever take priority over the only Senator who had even entertained the idea of hiring him. “Yes, at the briefing. I will endeavour to have something of use to you before then.” “We could meet beforehand, perhaps.” A faint hope curled low in his abdomen, though he paid it little heed. He’d known enough of how easily such a fragile thing could be crushed, to not allow himself to place stock in it. Only his own self could be permitted such faith. “I will look forward to it,” he said, and now his smile had evolved to something lighter, more genuine. Crossing the room, he pressed the panel, allowing it to hiss open before he stepped back once again. “I should go and make sure I will have information fit enough to discuss with you.” Her smile remained where she did not, crossing the threshold and leaving him alone. “Good afternoon, then, Hux.” He bowed his head, did not look up until the door had again slipped closed. “Senator.” For all the lights had returned to full illumination, the room felt startlingly dull without her presence. With lips pressed tight together, Hux returned to the table, his face pale and drawn in the high polished shine. He ignored it, instead gathering together his things, slipping them neatly into the satchel. Drawing himself tall, schooling his features to bland disinterest as he shouldered it, he at last moved to the door. Upon its other side, a figure leaned against the wall; as Hux passed, it drew itself to life, then to full movement. “Trying to undermine me already then, Little Hux?” With eyes fixed clearly ahead, Hux paused for no man. “I did not stay to speak with the Senator.” Even as he smirked inside, his voice remained flat, utterly without inflection. “She paused to speak with me.” And he kept moving down the corridors. There were few things in life he would truly thank his father for, but that Hux Sr. insisted he keep up his physical education was one. Chadri was not a short man, nor an unfit one, but Hux’s peripheral vision said the man had to make an effort to keep up with Hux’s mindless military stride. “The work is mine ,” he said, the faint shortness of his breath quirking at one corner of Hux’s mouth; he increased his pace just an imperceptible beat. “So you have said.” “You can protest it all you like.” Chadri always had talked too much; even now, he could not keep his mouth shut, cheeks taking a high flush, eyes bright where they attempted to glare right through him. “I have all the research on my holopad. The entire history; searches, called records, correspondence.” “Yes, well.” Hux’s fingers tightened over the strap of his satchel; a millisecond of pressure, then released. “If one cannot be proud of the work they have collated, then at least it seems sensible to be sure one might be proud of the thoroughness with which one has plagiarised it.” And Chadri scoffed, even though his breath was edging terribly close to laboured. “You can’t prove anything.” “Perhaps not.” One foot came down harder than the last, as close to a stomp as a grown man could manage while still walking. “So don’t go running to Mummy,” he said, hissed and harsh. “Unless you want to sound like a whining little pissant. Oh wait – you do already. I’m not sure the difference would be noted. Carry on, Little Hux.” He drew up so quick Chadri nearly tripped over his own surprise. Hux himself stood very still, and very silent. Before him, Chadri drew up his full height, enfolded a modicum of dignity about himself, and raised a narrow eyebrow. “Ooh, I finally got through, did I?” With arms folded across his chest, his eyes burned again too bright by half. “And here I thought you were nothing but a little droid, produced in perfect chrome shine from daddy’s little factory.” Hux only raised an eyebrow of his own. No words were necessary. Chadri had made this almost too easy. “It’s the only reason she ever wanted you,” he added, spite dripping from each syllable, a watered down venom that had Hux releasing an exaggerated sigh. “The academy on Uyter was for Stormtroopers , Dio. The academy I attended based on the one at Arkanis was for officers . There’s a distinct difference between the two.” “Yes, and you ought to learn it.” He came too close, the sweet scent of his favoured cologne utterly at odds with the sharp bitterness of his words. “You were trained as an officer of the First Order. But this is the New Republic.” And his lips twisted, eyes very dark. “You might as well have been a ‘trooper, Little Hux – because with your name, you’ll never be anything but another drone.” Only now did he lean back, chin tilted high, his smirk wide and almost lovely. “Fortunately for you, there are those of us who can take your work and make it useful.” With that he turned, step light as he set off down the corridor. “You can always thank me, later.” He supposed he probably would. Hux had never actually killed another person, not directly. But murdering Chadri Dio with his own hands would be an intensely pleasurable experience. Messy, perhaps, and he did hate mess. But there were ways to minimise that. Although with the fury flowing in his veins, pure plasma fire beneath the ice of his skin and expression, he wanted the spurt of hot blood. He wanted his hands around Chadri’s throat – and then in his viscera, rooting through the man’s guts while the idiot screamed through crushed vocal chords. Yes, it would be messy: but rather satisfying, besides. He could live with that. Even if Chadri Dio certainly wouldn’t. Thankfully his shared office was not with Chadri, just two other junior staffers of the Senator. Both women, and both younger: another human from Uyter, and a Twi’lek who would have terrified him, had he been as stupid as the other men who kept propositioning her. He could admit she was aesthetically lovely, but there would be little real advancement for him in sleeping with her, at least at her current level. Certainly she would have been worthwhile if he sought out sex purely for pleasure, but he simply had enough to do without adding such entanglements to his schedule. As he slipped behind his desk, he did regret one thing; it would be more difficult to work out exactly where Chadri had accessed his datacloud, given they did not work in close proximity. And despite his flaws, the man was no fool. In fact, Chadri was gifted with technology – but Hux had talents of his own. And yet, for all he had plenty of work to do – both in tracing the exact manner in which Chadri had so neatly sabotaged his voluntary sideproject for the Senator, and the actual work he had been assigned to – he could not settle to it. The air felt peculiar, thick and strange, the faint electric hum of approaching storm. Hux had never had much enthusiasm for the capitol buildings. They’d been the Jedi temple once, but even that could not explain his visceral uneasiness. His usual careful discipline allowed him to work around such whimsical fancy, but with a sigh, he pushed back from the desk. While his own apartments – those given to his father – were cramped and inconvenient, they were at least nothing like these sweeping halls. And, at this hour, his father would not be home. It would at least be quiet there. The other two staffers scarcely glanced up as he began to tidy away his desk; when he moved to the door he offered only a brief nod to indicate he would be leaving. The faint taste of thunder on the air seemed to grow only thicker as he stepped into the hall, his overcoat draped over his arms, held before him like a shield. Hux was not one to stand down on formality, but the Coruscanti summer heat proved stifling even in these airy corridors. Even then Hux would not contemplate removing his upper tunic, nor undoing the topmost buttons of the shirt beneath. There were limits to the slaveries of comfort. Hux had learned long ago to live with inconvenience. He moved through the corridors with his head held high. Even now he would still garner the odd look. One could pass it off as his height, his military bearing – and his hair. But even without all those, he was still Hux the Younger. For that, at least, everyone knew his name. Moving out onto the street granted him blessed anonymity. The rich scent of food stalls assaulted his nostrils, but it was the more acrid scent of burning fuel from the passing traffic that made him screw up his nose. He could search out a transport, but despite the heat and the stench, he often found it easier to walk. His home was nearby. They had not dared place Commandant Hux far from the government he had betrayed the First Order for. Deep in contemplation, the commotion to his left registered only as dull background noise. Only at the whine overhead did he stop, though the sharp bang that followed shuddered down his spine in a burst of bitter adrenaline. Looking up, he heard screams that grew only louder, rattling in his ears. They were not his own. Not that it mattered. Logic told him instead that very shortly he would not be able to scream at all. And then self-preservation kicked in, quickened by military training; Hux went down, hands over his head, as he threw his body into a tight roll. But he had little enough momentum, and it was too large. He would never get out of its shadow; it grew, cold and dark, above his head. Wedged now in the gutter, Hux pressed his eyes closed tighter still, knees under his chin. What is taking it so long? “Hey.” The voice, faintly strained, sliced through him with sharp irritation. “Hey, ginger . Can you move? I can’t hold this forever.” Panic should have kept his muscles frozen, joints locked. But then Hux had been taught the limitations of panic a long time ago, and found himself looking up with an ease that almost hurt. Across from him, on the other side of the deathly silent street, stood a lanky young man. Younger than he was, certainly; probably in the last hoorah of adolescence. But that was not the odd thing about him – no, the odd thing was the way the kid stood there like an idiot, hands outstretched and palms opened wide. “No, really.” The kid grimaced, one knee buckling, listing him alarmingly to the left. “You’ve got a lovely backside and all, it’s nice to look at, but can you move it? Like, over here ?” Hux rarely stumbled. He supposed he could allow it just this once as he lurched upon from the street, out of the dark shadow, and into the brighter light about the young man. There, on the ground, he winced around the taste of bile even as he swallowed back rising nausea. He could feel the eyes of a dozen people upon him, their bodies frozen in indistinct indecision. Instinct told them to move forward, to drag him to safer haven. But then, he felt the shift of their attention to the boy beside him, and they did not move closer. When he followed their line of sight, their hesitation crystallised into perfect sense. His own mouth turned dry, skin rippling in sudden chill gooseflesh. A transport shuttle had fallen from the sky. Even now terrified faces peered out in clear panic from behind cracked transparisteel, white and drawn and despairing of death. And yet, they were not dead. Instead they – and the malfunctioned transport, engines sparking red death – were held at a flat height of perhaps six feet from the ground. The boy’s arms had now begun to move down. A deep crease etched itself into his pale brow, sweat standing out upon his skin even amongst the dark freckles and moles there. Gentle as the motion appeared, his tremor only increased. With two feet to go, he swore; a second later, the entire thing crashed to the ground, to stifled screams and shouts. Even as the crowd made a little rush forward the boy went onto one knee, hand to his head. “ Fuck .” Only Hux went to him, his own feet feeling very far away for all they remained steady enough to hold him aloft. “Are you all right?” Blinking up from behind damp hair, the boy seemed caught between disbelief and outright amusement. “Shouldn’t that be my line?” “I’m not the one who just…what was that?” And for all the uproar behind them – tears, panic, someone shouting for some sort of extinguisher – Hux could only stare at the boy. Dark hair, pale skin, too-large eyes; the clothing was fine enough, though not at the level of the flashy couture currently parading the capital’s streets. “You…” “I’m not a Jedi,” he said, too fast, and too sharp by half. “But yes. That was the Force.” Beneath the defensiveness, Hux could taste the familiar tang of fierce pride. Only then did he turn, the burst of an extinguisher sharp against his ears. People were still being helped from the vehicle, supported by the willing arms of people who could no longer be only observers. And yet, few eyes fell upon them – and those that did look to them did not do so with thankfulness, nor hostility: but instead, a strange kind of reverent fear. Hux looked away. “Who are you?” “No, no.” By now sitting on his arse on the pavement, the kid frowned up at him, hair pushed back from his face. “Who are you ?” Though hit with the odd compulsion to put himself down beside him, Hux frowned at the pavement, and remained standing. The world had admittedly taken on an odd spin, but he pushed it aside as he spoke again. “You saved my life.” “Yes, well.” Hands rose, then fell. “I had to.” Hux had nothing to say to that, and the kid let out an explosive sigh. “I saw you. Before it happened. Walking away from me.” And before Hux could even begin to process such flawed information, he added, “I meant it, you know. You really do have a lovely backside.” And Hux scowled down at him, even as he began to brush at the street filth that had accumulated on his once-pristine trousers. “How could you even see it?” he asked, and then, more importantly, “Where’s my coat?” “I want to know your name.” And Hux’s head snapped around, meeting those dark eyes. Here, now, they seemed to fill the sky: the clouding over of atmosphere with the vacuum of space. A night without stars; a galaxy without light. Cursing, backing away, Hux again tasted bile. The boy’s eyes widened, suddenly just dark and wide and utterly normal. And his own head ached . “Hey – hey . Are you all right?” A hand closed over his shoulder; Hux stiffened, but even as he shook it off, the kid only held tighter. Something like joy, something like suspicion coloured his words in shades Hux hadn’t even known existed. “But no, really – how did you do that?” And when he turned, the world really did lurch sideways. “Did I hit my head?” Squinting, now, Hux scowled as the face of his rescuer, fracturing, twisting in kaleidoscope motion. “My head hurts.” “No. You didn’t hit it. But you…” And his hand wrapped around his, the strangest parody of a handshake. “I’m Ben. Ben Solo.” He came too close, his scent somewhere between sweet spice and mineral oil. “But you can call me Kylo.” His eyes were searching, too large and too dark by half. “I want you to call me Kylo.” Hux’s stomach lurched again, headache spiking with dizzying silver shard. “I think you’re crazy.” And the boy actually laughed, mouth almost as wide as his strange dark eyes. “Well, you wouldn’t be the first.” Hux was going to say something about how wonderfully comforting that comment was when he passed out. ***** “No good will come of it, Brendol.” Hux kept his eyes upon the plate, fingers tight about his fork as he carefully segmented the hash into bite-sized portions. “It would be only polite.” With a faint snort, his father flicked to a new screen on his holopad, not even looking up to retrieve his cup of black caf. “He is the son of Senator Organa.” “I realise that.” Setting the cup down again, his weathered face scowled over whatever it was he read; it seemed the holopad had committed some sort of personal affront against him. “Your position in Senator Gillen’s staff is tenuous enough,” he said, and something of his original accent roughened the edges of his words. “If you start interfering with the Organa faction, you will be out on your ass before the meridian.” Hux closed his eyes. Then, he opened them. “He saved the life of your son. Your only son,” he remarked, casual as the accident that had almost taken his life. He knew it for a mistake even before he added with easy guile, “Perhaps you’d like to come say thank you, yourself?” One hand slammed down on the table, open-palmed and harsh; the condiment shakers rattled unhappily in their cradles. “Don’t take that attitude with me.” And when Hux glanced up he met cold eyes, the exact shade of his own, lips curled back beneath the greying whiskers. “You are making a mistake – one you seem determined to commit even when I advise you otherwise. I am merely assuring you that I will be able to do nothing for you when you find yourself outside the capitol.” His cheeks twitched, nails pressed hard into the silverware. “You couldn’t do anything for me before,” he said, perfectly pleasant. “Everything I have now, I did for myself.” “For what good it’s done you.” Reaching for the pot, he poured himself a fresh cup, gnarled hand rock-steady about the grip. “I’ve said my piece, Brendol. Run along and make your own mistakes, and then clear up after them yourself. I have work of my own to attend to.” The clack of the pot back on the table signalled the end of the conversation. Shaking with fury, Hux looked down to the neatly laid tableau of his meal. His appetite, never particularly voracious, had quite evaporated. But as the son of a commandant, a child of a mass exodus and exile, he was quite aware it would not be worth the argument not to finish his breakfast. A clear morning awaited him outside, though he kept his coat hung over his shoulders. The heat had not begun yet, but the met reports had promised a stifling day to come. Hux frowned up at the smog gathered overhead and could not argue the point. And then he dismissed the world entirely and began a brisk walk, assured in his directions despite the fact he had never been to this particular destination. Two days had passed since the accident. Much as he’d argued the point and the leave, he had been excused from his work until the following day. Senator Gillen had herself refused to allow him back. Upon hearing his protests she had even come to the apartments, lovely in her robes of state. She’d paused but a moment, fleeting and precious on her way to the capitol complex. Even as he’d smiled to see her, he hadn’t wanted her here; the assigned accommodation was too small, and too plain by half for one such as her. And her smile had been gentle, knowing. “Stay home and get better, Hux.” Her hand had been soft against his own, a gentle press of soft skin. “There will still be work enough for you when you return.” His father had not been there. He could but be thankful for that. Brendol Sr. had been scornful enough when he had arrived at the med centre to collect him, though he’d come only after his own workday was complete. Not permitted to leave without escort, Hux had spent hours in an active waiting room, completing his own work while steadying ignoring the tide of injured and infirm that swirled around him. There had been no concussion, no visible injury. “Shock, perhaps,” a med tech had offered, already turning away; she’d only just missed the curl of scorn upon Hux’s dry lips. For his part, he blamed those strange dark eyes – and the headache he’d had, after looking into them for but a moment. It hadn’t cleared until the next morning. Even now, it made him think twice about seeing the odd creature again. The other issue that had stayed his hand was the simple fact he’d received no contact from his apparent saviour. Admittedly the boy probably hadn’t been given Hux’s name, though a search had brought up his own identity swiftly enough. Ben Solo, only son of Senator Leia Organa and her common-law husband, a Corellian “businessman” rarely seen about Coruscant. Hux had suspected as much even before he’d confirmed it; everyone in the capitol was more than familiar with Leia Organa and her peculiar family. She currently served as a Senator for Corellia, given her own homeworld of Alderaan had not survived the war. Hux rather supposed the family did not need to know Hux had detailed models of both Death Stars. He’d brought from his own homeworld of Arkanis as a child of four, and had built them during his childhood upon the star destroyers after they’d been driven to the Unknown Regions by the collapse of the Imperial regime. But then he’d never thought of Alderaan except in the most depersonalised of ways, even as he built the things. The Death Stars themselves had been of far more interest; even now he knew their engineering with a lover’s careful intimacy. He’d also rather enjoyed designing his own variations upon the theme from late childhood, had in fact been beginning the process of refining childish idea with actual hard knowledge when his father had defected. The grand house stood at the end of a small cul de sac, somehow stately rather than dwarfed by the taller buildings behind. But then, it was a neighbourhood built to cater to such; he’d received more than one strange look for simply strolling down the impeccable pavement. At the gate he stated both identity and purpose to the guard. The bemusement on his face proved but a temporary impediment; Hux was waved him through while the guard murmured something half-intelligible into his comm. Hux was not at all surprised to be greeted at the door by another guard. This one guided him through the grand foyer, dressed in marble and cool silk tapestries, and to a small receiving room set to its left. He had not waited there long when a house-servant arrived, a small woman dressed in white. Hux stood; his palms, pressed together now, proved clammy and damp. He could not even be sure why as he fixed a smile upon his lips, nodded to the woman who would barely have stood as high as his ribcage. “I was hoping to speak with Ben Solo.” She nodded, pleasant but brisk. “May I have your name?” “Hux. Brendol Hux.” He blurted out the next before he could even think the words. “We met on the street.” The woman blinked, said nothing. Swallowing hard, Hux felt his smile congeal to something quite cold, even as it changed not in size nor shape. “He’ll know who I am.” He even managed a dry chuckle, equilibrium returning as he added, “The man with the red hair?” And the lovely backside. But that he kept that to himself as the woman nodded, murmured her leave and left him alone. Carefully smoothing out his trousers, though not even the walk had creased them, Hux took his seat again. It would be rude to take out his holopad and work while waiting. Instead he satisfied himself by taking in the large canvas displayed above the ornamental fireplace. A sweeping landscape, it showed a land both green and very lovely. Hardly Coruscant, and certainly not the dreary climes of Arkanis. Perhaps Corellia, though his suspicions told him that this was more likely the fabled pastoral paradise of lost Alderaan. “Ben isn’t here.” Hus startled, turned even as he rose, already falling into a well-practised stance. An older man slouched in the doorway, staring hard at him from beneath a mess of salt and pepper hair. Despite the simplicity of his clothing, stark against the measured opulence of the house itself, Hux knew he was not as out of place as his appearance suggested. But then, he was still known to him only by reputation. And how our reputations do precede us all , he noted, the man’s cold glare quite all the information he required. “Ah,” he said, and surreptitiously wiped damp palms on his lower hips. “Mr. Solo.” Stepping forward, Hux put one hand out. Solo ignored it utterly, eyes fixed upon him, narrowed and dark. “Kriff knows where the boy’s got to at this hour,” he said, too sudden, eyes narrow. “I’d like to say it was some fool Jedi nonsense, but who’s to even know what’s in his head these days?” Hux only blinked. And the man rolled his eyes, even as he skimmed them over his body with the easy disdain of a merchant. He might have struggled to hold his composure, if not for the years spent beneath the yoke of the First Order. And Solo snorted. “He saved your life, right?” “I – yes.” Hux kept his head high. “Yes, he did.” “And I guess you want to thank him for it?” “I do.” “Fine. I’ll tell him.” Pushing himself further upright, hand back through the riot of his hair, Solo nodded with curt efficiency in the direction from which Hux had come. “If you can’t see yourself out, there’s plenty of stiffs around here who will throw you out. You don’t even have to ask real nice. They’ll do it for free.” A moment later the man was gone, leaving Hux standing. Silent. Staring. But he had been raised in the academy. He had been raised among exiles. He knew what it was to scratch his pride up from the dirt. With what few belongings he had arrived with, Hux turned towards the exit, and walked away. ***** “Hux.” Glancing up from his screen, he found one of his officemates standing just beside him -- the Twi’lek girl. Rana. Blinking owlishly, wondering if perhaps he would be needing glasses after all, he said, “Yes?” “You have a visitor.” With a furrowed brow he glanced to his dim-screened holopad; it didn’t need to be on for him to know what its schedule would say. “I don’t recall making any appointments.” With a snort she flicked her fingers over her lekku. “Well, I’m not your secretary,” she said, and inclined her head towards the door. “But there’s a kid in there asking for you.” Hux frowned through it, as if he could sense the unexpected guest with nothing but the force of his own sheer irritation. “Are you sure he doesn’t want my father?” “Who would?” He should argue that. Instead he only snorted, pressed to his feet as he reached for his overcoat. “Fair point.” Settling the thick fabric about his shoulders, as always appreciating the way it bulked them out somewhat, he flicked his screen to privacy mode. “If anyone else calls for me, I can’t imagine I’ll be long.” He could hear her muttering something about secretaries again as he slipped into the corridor. Finding it far easier to ignore rather than engage, he focused upon the meeting room they shared with numerous other staff in the same area. Slipping inside unannounced, he closed the door before turning. And then he stopped dead. Reclined on one of the small chairs – not that Hux could see how , given they were straight-backed and functional – Ben Solo flipped his hand up, gave a light little wave of long fingers. “I thought you might want to see me,” he drawled, with a casual nonchalance that Hux could imagine him practicing in front of a mirror. “To say thank you, and all that.” For a long moment, Hux said nothing. Only after he had crossed the room, taking a place on the chair furthest from his guest, did he deign to speak. “I did come to see you.” The chill of the words only made him blink, just once. “Did you.” “Your father didn’t approve.” He rocked upwards in a flash, pale skin abruptly flushed and dark eyes turned nearly black. “Did he kick you out?” The snarl of it might have been terrifying to one who did not have to face off against Brendol Hux Sr. every morning. With a snort Hux crossed one long leg over the other, caught the reflection from the windows in the high polish of his boots. “Nothing quite so dramatic as all that,” he said, the man’s narrowed gaze a faint ache in the back of his memories. “But he did make it clear I wasn’t to come visiting again.” Ben had lurched to his feet, hands fisted; as Hux watched with faint interest, he began a strangely purposeful pace of the room, hair wild and eyes wilder still. “It’s not even his house!” he said, turning on his heel. “You can come around whenever you want.” His mouth twisted, the determined set of his features actually making him appear even younger than his soft features alone. “And you should .” He could feel something like a headache coming on again. Perhaps his thought at the hospital hadn’t been entirely wrong; Ben Solo might have indeed hurt his head simply by existing within close vicinity. “We haven’t even been properly introduced.” Rolling his eyes, he stepped forward, hand out. “I’m Kylo.” He took it without even thinking; the grip was surprisingly strong, the palms and fingers rough and callused. And he frowned. “Your name is Ben Solo.” “Yes.” With an odd gravitas he straightened; rather than making him look older, again it gave him the distinct air of a child playing at an adult’s game. “But you can call me Kylo.” Though he clearly could not resist the sly smile when he added, “And you’re Brendol Hux. The Younger.” “Yes.” His own haughty expression, he knew, made even those most scornful of his name think twice about their muttered insults. “But you can call me Hux.” The sudden laughter felt too loud in the small space; Hux winced, glanced to the door even as the boy stood, threw himself down in the chair at his side: it brought him too close by half. “You’re weird,” he announced, and Hux didn’t even look at him. “I’m not sure you’re in any position to be saying that.” For a moment it seemed as though he hovered on the edge of offense. Then he snorted, dragging one hand back through his wild hair. It had been until recently shorn short, by its odd rise and fall; it had grown back in odd patches, scraggly and strange. But then if Ben – Kylo – pulled at it like this all the time, perhaps that was only to be expected. But for all his earlier effusiveness, Kylo appeared to have lapsed into an odd silence. It would be easiest just to stand, to leave the odd creature to himself, but Hux was painfully aware he had not even said thank you yet. “Everything I’ve read said you were away, at school,” he said, sudden. “Given what happened out there, I’m assuming it was Jedi school?” Though Hux himself had but rarely indulged in a good sulk, he recognised the beginnings of one on the scrunched up face. “You could call it that.” “So what are you doing here?” “Why?” And there was something almost nasty in the way he added, light, “Because, just a reminder: if I wasn’t here, you’d be squashed on that footpath out there.” Taking out his holopad, Hux flicked the screen to life, frowned down at his messages, piled up like a transport jam. “Duly noted,” he said, and then gave the boy nothing more. Kylo lasted a full minute longer than Hux would have predicted. With a snort, one hand fell down, hit hard against the upholstery of the chair. “I got kicked out. Yes, kicked out , even when my uncle was the instructor.” Hux raised one eyebrow even as he began to staccato-tap a reply to the most urgent of his messages. “If it makes you feel any better, I had some of the direst final scores in the academy where my father was commandant.” The sharp bark of laughter actually sounded surprised. “You don’t strike me as the stupid type.” “I should hope not.” His smile was thin, fading as he curled his phrasing around a particularly delicate concept; he always had preferred the spoken word over the written, though he’d been sure to master both. “However, my father believed his staff were stupid enough to doctor my marks for his approval.” The strange thundercloud of his earlier mood seemed to have lifted, though Hux did not quite like the predatory curiosity upon Kylo’s features now. It raised the fine hairs on his skin, a different kind of storm brewing in the still air. “I’ve never met your father.” “You are not being deprived of any particularly significant experience.” “Maybe not.” There was no need to be surprised when Kylo leaned forward, elbows on knees, fixed attention a laserbeam arcing between them. “Can I meet him?” Completing his comm message, Hux hit send, moved onto the next in the same familiar rhythm of pure efficiency. “Why?” “Curiosity. Not that it really matters.” And he was leaning back, shifting the broad shoulders; even in the loose fit of his shirt, Hux had earlier noted the muscle there; he kept his eyes firmly upon his work as Kylo said, offhand and easy, “You should come for dinner at my house. Meet my mother.” At last Hux looked up, brow furrowed as one side of his mouth quirked up. “I don’t believe your father would approve.” “My father isn’t here. ” The ugly look that crossed his face, oddly, gave him the age the mismatch of his features usually denied him. But it was fleeting, a shadow behind stars; a moment later, his face had returned to the obstinate set of a child. “Forget the should . You will .” Another message completed, another task removed from the schedule. “I’m not a cadet to be ordered about, Solo.” “ Kylo .” Mutinous, now, he tilted his head upward with an imperious hauteur best suited to someone in far finer dress. “Dinner. My mother’s house. Tonight.” “I don’t think—” His hand smacked the chair again. Hard. “You think too much.” Double-tapping a message destined only for deletion, Hux allowed himself a delicate snort. “You don’t know me.” “Oh, believe me. I know enough.” Like a localised hurricane he blew across the room, the door opening before he’d even reached the control panel. Silhouetted there, he glared at Hux with clear demand. “Tonight,” he added, and then was gone; for all he’d thrown himself around the room, Kylo moved with a startling grace. But it bothered Hux more that the automatic door still stood open even though Kylo had been well clear for long enough that it should have closed. Muting his holopad, Hux crossed the floor with a frown. Several presses of the control panel yielded no better result. He would have to call maintenance. He didn’t look forward to explaining the circumstances, found himself wondering if he could invoice Kylo’s mother’s estate for any repair that might be needed. “Was that Organa’s kid?” Long practice allowed Hux to feign no surprise at Chadri’s sudden appearance – and, fluid a concept as the truth could be, Hux noted no real gain in a lie told now. His fixed gaze was still a cold and unforgiving thing when he turned it upon the other staffer. “Yes.” Reclining back against the wall – he enjoyed the position, seemed to think it gave him an aura of mystery; to Hux, he looked merely to be badly propping up the building – Chadri stared in the direction Kylo had apparently taken. “He saved you, right? Some Jedi trick, right out there on the street?” “Apparently.” The smirk he wore was a smug and self-satisfied thing. “So, this is how you jump ship: leaving Gillen for Organa, using the kid as a starting point.” And he leaned forward from the waist, a serpentine gesture to match the way his smile faintly revealed his incisors. “But here’s a helpful tip, Little Hux – if you wanted an in, you should have saved his life, not the other way around.” Turning, his gaze sliding off the other man like oil over water, Hux returned to the chair when he’d been seated. “I don’t believe that’s how the Force works.” “It doesn’t work at all.” How easily they forgot – even here, in the New Republic. It seemed so easy for them to dismiss that which had saved them. The First Order, instead, had never forgotten that which had brought the Empire down around their ears. “Ordinarily, I would agree – even with you, Dio.” With his datapad now firmly in hand, Hux favoured him a thin smile, razor-sharp and glittering. “But if not for said Force, I would be dead. I’m willing to give destiny some benefit of the doubt, for that alone.” Even as Chadri’s fool mouth opened again, Hux moved past in sleek grace, never once looking back. “Good day.” And yet Hux had not really believed he would do it, until he stood outside the house for a second time. But this time he was recognised, welcomed in, drawn past the receiving room to another chamber. Though smaller; it held a warm and cosy air; the bar in the corner appeared fully stocked, and Hux felt his hands twitch. As the only one there, he could hardly serve himself, but his throat seemed to have never felt so dry. When the door swished open, he turned, found nothing in his immediate eyeline. Instead something small and dark barrelled first into the room, and then into his legs. One hand shot out, steadied himself upon the bar as he looked down. With pudgy arms now firmly locked about his knees, a small girl stared up at him, her pale eyes wide and worshipful. “Can I keep you?” Hux opened his mouth. Closed it. Then she smiled, and he could barely begin to try again. “I—” “ Rey .” They both turned; Kylo lurked before the closed door, frown dire. Hux had not even heard it open again. “Let him go.” Her pout would have put even his best to shame. “No,” she said, and pressed her cheek to his knee. “He’s so pretty! And his hair is amazing .” Closing her eyes in childish bliss, she snuggled alarmingly close, said to no-one in particular, “I want to keep him.” With his hands firmly at his sides, Hux raised an eyebrow at Kylo. With a faintly harassed air he passed a hand back through his hair, shrugged with a helpless exasperation. “Sorry.” “Well, is she removable? Or are we now bonded for life?” With a laugh, Rey let him go. The devilish glint in her eyes was no comfort when she said with cheerful glee, “Yeah, we kind of are! Kylo rescued you. So you belong to us, now.” The faint frisson in the air shivered through him like the approach of lightning strike. But Kylo only rolled his dark eyes, then turned them to the bar with a longing quite at odds with his training. “She takes everything so literally,” he muttered, and Hux folded his hands over his chest, looked down at the small golden shadow still lingering at his side. “Who is she?” “She’s my cousin.” The girl glanced up at the spoken moniker, face open and delighted. “I’m Rey!” He wanted to sigh. Instead, he gave a graceful nod usually reserved for encounters with Senators and other high-ranking officials. “Hullo, Rey.” In answer she only beamed. Taken aback, Hux found he had nothing more to say to her, to this beautiful brilliant thing. A shining jewel in desert sands. It reminded him of the day his own father had taken him from the Order. Then, from the pitted transparisteel of the decrepit ship’s viewports, Hux had watched the brilliance of the destroyer fading into the black. A remnant of the Imperial era, it had been his home for ten years. He had made it his business to know every inch of her. Even now he felt that ancient yearning for the new Resurgent-class destroyers. Then they had been but a design, though no doubt they had since become a reality. If he saw one now, it would only be a holo – if, indeed, the Republic would even admit they existed at all. Such opposing military might would be hardly likely to make the standard public broadcasts. Fearmongering was not how the New Republic liked to play their propaganda. And small arms locked about him again: mercifully brief, this time, but still yanking his thoughts back to the present. “I like you,” Rey announced, as if anyone could have doubted it. “I’m gonna go find Aunt Leia and tell her I’ve got a new friend!” She’d barely scampered out the door when Hux gave Kylo an arch look. “Does your mother even know I’m here?” The swift sideways flick of his dark eyes gave him answer enough. “I told her you were coming.” “Just now, or earlier?” Long fingers skittered across the bar without tune nor rhythm. “You don’t trust me very much, do you?” “Well,” Hux replied, with perfect sensibility, “I scarcely know you.” Regret flowed through him almost immediately, given the predatory glee that had crossed Kylo’s face. “Which is why you’re here.” With a low sigh, Hux crossed the room, neatly perched himself upon one of the chairs; though more comfortable than the ornate design in the receiving room, he had no intention of relaxing into its soft curves. “She’s your cousin, you said?” he said, and didn’t hide his doubt. “I don’t recall seeing her name.” “What, when you looked me up?” Kylo sounded altogether far too amused when he came down, seated himself on the arm of Hux’s own chair. “Have you been researching me?” The urge to shove at him until he lay sprawled on the floor was as strong as it was childish. Hux kept his hands to himself. “I told you, I came before to say thank you.” Raising an eyebrow, he added, “You told me your name, out on the street. I had to work out who you were in order to get here.” “Yeah. You told me.” Shifting his weight, Kylo’s eyes took flight, frowned over at one of the picture on the opposite wall: another pastoral scene, this one before water. “She won’t appear in the family records, even though she genuinely is my uncle’s daughter.” He’d always been a sucker for information. “How does that work?” “She’s my parents’ ward, and they let her call them aunt and uncle because of that, but they really are. It’s just not talked about.” His hands rose, fell; there, the fingers pressed deep into the thick muscle of his thighs, outlined by the slim lines of his trousers. “The Jedi were traditionally celibate,” he added, sudden, and Hux gave a low snort. “How very boring that must be.” “It is.” Those damned dark eyes stared right into him, probing, searching. “I’m assuming you wouldn’t ever be a Jedi.” “Well, I can assure you my lack of Force sensitivity alone wouldn’t permit it.” And it had indeed been a mistake to think he could meet those dark eyes. The lopsided smile ended it; Hux glanced away, feeling rather than seeing it fade. “I’m supposed to take her back, with me.” “To finish your training?” Kylo rose, a sudden bundle of sharp energy. “I’m not going.” His eyes fixed upon the lake, oddly pale by reflection. “ She’s a Jedi. I can see it in her.” “So can I.” He hadn’t quite intended to say that. He hadn’t even quite intended to think it. And he was left with only regret when he noticed the incline of Kylo’s head towards him, eyes bright with a smile he didn’t bother translating to his lips. “And you say you’re not Force sensitive.” Hux smiled, false and fresh. “I wasn’t aware I needed to be.” Already he wondered if it would be rude to ask for a drink from someone he knew to be below the legal age in Coruscant, the old headache returning. And yet the smile twitched into a genuine curve when he thought of Rey herself, added, “Anyone can see she’s special.” An odd, pinched look surfaced, concentrated about his strange eyes. Despite his height, the not inconsiderable bulk of his body, with his head dipped low and shoulders hunched forward, Kylo appeared to be withdrawing in on himself. “You don’t know much about the Force, do you?” he asked, abrupt, almost rude. And then, stranger still: “You should come see the school.” Hux really could have done with that drink. “I would assume it’s hardly a tourist destination.” “You’d be with me.” Kylo’s smile was a burning plasma edge. “And I saved your life. I’m responsible for you now.” The chuckle then was a cawing sound, a dim memory of dark birds who had haunted the old academy buildings. And Kylo’s eyes were as dark as their plumage when he added, too bright: “Trust me, that would go over well with them. Ben Solo, finally taking some responsibility.” Hux didn’t bother masking his shudder. “Interesting as the offer is, I somehow doubt I’d ever have the travel clearance.” Something about those words appeared to suit Kylo’s mood ill; the large mouth was opening on a clear complaint when Rey all but fell into the room. Only by grasping the door frame did she prevent herself from landing flat on her own face. “Dinner is ready!” she announced, beaming wider than her gamin features ought to have permitted. Then, her face fell with the catastrophic swiftness of black matter detonation. “But Aunt Leia can’t come.” Already on his feet, slouched forward, Kylo resembled nothing so much as a ragged stormcloud. “Where is she?” The harsh demand of it barely affected Rey; she only looked perfectly wistful even as Hux tasted ozone upon the thickened air. “Working,” she offered, and then turned a tragic look upon Hux. “As usual.” Hux was too busy admiring the orphaned urchin look on Rey’s face to know what Kylo actually did. But when the painting, clear across the room, dropped from its moorings and hit the floor hard and flat, both of them started, turned, eyes wide. And Kylo was looking at the door. “Well,” he said, and his hands softened, though the palms remained hard pressed against his thighs as he turned those dark eyes upon Hux himself. “I suppose you’ll just have to come again.” “I’ve already said thank you.” And Kylo frowned. “No, you haven’t.” But there was little opportunity to rectify any such mistake when her small hand closed about his, the softest manacle his slender wrist had ever known. “Come on, Hux!” she said, already tugging him up from his chair with a frankly alarming strength. “It’ll be delicious!” Though Hux allowed her to guide him to the table, he did not ask Kylo to walk at his side. He did so all the same. Somehow, Hux didn’t have the urge to tell him not to. ***** He had come prepared. Like a general marshalling his armies, Hux stood before the faint murmurs of the settling room with his battle already planned and won. All he needed to do was follow the timeline to its inevitable conclusion. As the delegates continued to assume their assigned positions Hux checked a faint yawn. He’d stayed later than intended the night before, helping Kylo entertain Rey. The girl had been oddly distressed by the absence of her aunt, and it had taken nearly four rounds of dejarik – Hux and Rey on one side, Kylo on the other -- until she’d nodded off in the midst of Hux’s greatest victory. He supposed he’d forgive her the lapse of judgement, but it was a close thing. Hux had taken his leave of them both shortly afterward. From the way Kylo had trailed him to the door with his brow furrowed and the wide lips pursed, it had been clear that Kylo had wanted something else from him; more conversation, perhaps. Or he’d been attempting to delay him until his mother returned. Hux couldn’t be sure which option disturbed him more. It could only be fortunate, then, that he did not sleep much. It had allowed him to spend a good proportion of the early morning refining his presentation for these guests: a small group of interested parties, willing to be courted to Gillen’s cause. It would have been far more challenging to work on those who had no interest, but that would come, in time. The low murmur had begun a spiral into silence; tapping a finger upon the holopad to coax it back to full life, Hux cast another glance over the room. Neat rows of faces, carefully arranged in their rows of practised political blandness, lay before him. Kylo sat at the back of the room, eyes bright, fixed upon Hux alone. Oddly, he did not appear entirely out of place. There would perhaps always be something faintly feral about him; a peculiarity in the way he held his lanky frame, the odd way his head tilted as if hearing sounds beyond the reach of those without his abilities. Even then, Hux could not be sure it was to be entirely blamed upon his Jedi training. Still, it had no doubt included physical aspects. Had never seen one – likely never would see one – but everyone knew of the Jedi’s weapon of choice. Imagining Kylo with lightsaber in hand was an easy thing: the gleam of its plasma burn would shine bright in his strange eyes. Typically they were blue and green, from what he recalled. But neither colour seemed to suit what little he knew of Ben Solo. At Kylo’s broad grin, Hux skipped his eyes over him, did not linger. At least he had dressed sensibly enough. It provided a more pleasant view, at least, than the smirk on Chadri Dio’s babyish face from the front row. “Welcome,” he said, sudden and clear; every set of eyes fixed upon him, and he allowed himself a small and beatific smile. “Senator Gillen has asked that I outline some of the reasons why we seek your support for our bid as the host of the Senate, and why you should in turn offer us that support. I hope to provide you with all the information necessary now, but I do welcome your questions at the end of my presentation.” The prepared overview had been taken from Chadri’s earlier report. Every inch of it was familiar, conclusions he had already drawn. But seeing them through the eyes of another had a benefit he was pragmatic enough to strip mine for resources; Chadri’s manner of expression had made it far easier to see small flaws, the potential for intrinsic weakness. Perhaps the man himself had realised the opportunity he’d unintentionally gifted. As Hux moved ever onward Chadri grew stiffer in his chair, small mouth curled in a petulant moue. But he had no room to interject as the interest grew; the moment Hux opened the floor to questions, they flowed like water, generously and easily answered. Any and all concerns followed, and they too were deflected into fresh prospects and new ideas. And on the outside, at the back of the room, Kylo remained silent. Those dark eyes bored into Hux as he sat sprawled in his chair, legs wide, arms crossed. The one time Hux allowed his gaze to flicker to him, he met the faint smile with a raised eyebrow. He had not expected him to last so long, this impatient child who could not even complete the training inbred to his very bloodline. But Hux could sense no real interest in his work. Kylo only looked at Hux alone. Those eyes still lingered upon him when the lights came up, several delegates approaching him to further clarify questions already answered. He could see two other appointees conferring quietly with Gillen while Chadri seethed near her, unacknowledged. Even as he kept watch from his peripheral vision, almost entirely focused upon the two people before him, Hux noted that Gillen seemed to take pity on Chadri; he puffed up like a Hutt lording over his den as he left the room with a delegate from Kamino. He did have to wonder if Chadri realised how unlikely it would be for any of that lot to ever defer their loyalties from Chancellor Mothma. The room had emptied by the time his own conversations had completed. His eyes hesitated over the place Kylo had been, as if his apparent abilities had somehow granted him the ability to remain long after he’d gone. “Hux.” With smooth grace he turned to her, wearing that practiced perfect smile that never seemed forced when she asked it of him. “Senator Gillen.” The scent of her was as earth after rain. The ice sheen of her pale hair, the luminosity of her skin, reminded him of the rare sight of sunlight arching through dark cloud. And she smiled in return, her bright eyes knowing where they looked right through him. “It was very well done.” “Oratory has always been a favoured pursuit of mine,” he demurred, and Gillen actually rolled her lovely eyes. “I would not call that simple oratory,” she said, and again she appeared searching where her eyes sought out his own. “You were not reading a prepared speech, Hux.” “I was working from Chadri’s brief.” “Were you?” There was no distinct memory in his mind of when he’d first learned to lie. It seemed a skill he’d come to so naturally he might as well have been born to it. But here, now, before Senator Gillen’s curious gaze, he was undone. “I know you worry,” she said, very low. And he blinked, hands curling to unseen fists beneath the long sleeves of his coat. “Senator?” She had turned from him, attention fixed upon the last of his screens; the data flickered in her eyes like whitecaps upon some distant ocean. “Your situation is a delicate one. But I enjoy having you on my staff.” This time, the smile had grown strained. “I’m glad to hear it.” “You are an exceptional talent.” Before him, she was as a shaft of light, wrapped in the shadows of her gown. “I would sponsor you, to return with me to Uyter.” A strange frisson moved along his spine, an electric charge that burned upon the very edges of his thoughts. “I would appreciate your patronage,” he said, lips oddly numb. “But I do not believe the conditions of my father’s—” “You are not your father.” The interruption came gentle, but with the strength of the proverbial durasteel fist in a silken glove. He allowed himself to smile in return, for all it did little to mask the bitter truth of his words. “But I am a Hux.” “Only on one side.” And she rose, eyes flickering to the door before they returned to him. They might have reminded him of the grey skies of Arkanis, if said skies had ever held even the remotest semblance of beauty. “But I must go, Hux. Let us discuss this another time.” “Of course.” Watching her go had all the faint grief of loss. The long lines of her faded into the swirl of her robe as it trailed behind her; black, though only from a distance. Up close, the dark threadwork of elaborate embroidery revealed fractal repeating patterns, endless and repeating and inevitable. “Brendol.” He genuinely started, turned. “Lady Bulenwa.” The dark head inclined in greeting; he’d not had time to speak with her before the meeting had convened, though they’d both acknowledged each other at her entrance. But now her pale eyes flicked sideways, a faint frown at their edges as she looked to the open door. “You seem…rather intrigued by the Lady Senator.” “Senator Gillen is a person who deserves much admiration.” Her amusement was a palpable thing. “Yes. I’m quite aware that your tastes are rather more… refined , than those of other young men your age.” “She reminds me of my mother.” One eyebrow, limned in silver and dotted with pearly accents, arched high. “Oh?” “But I am sure there are other things you would wish to speak about.” With an arm crooked, offered, he nodded to the still-open door. “Shall we?” The whisper of her expensive robes masked their footfall as they made their way down the corridors together. Few they passed batted an eyelid at the tableau they made; she had hosted many a party, and attended still more, in the name of her homeworld. As a staffer for the Senator, Hux had crossed paths with her often, their amiable relationship known as a long standing association between the high society of Uyter and the Senator who represented their interests. There were whispers, of course. Lady Bulenwa would have been startlingly pretty in her youth: all pale skin and dark hair, a lean and lovely figure. Some of that remained to her now, but then Hux had not been drawn to her fading beauty. And many found it hard to believe she’d care much for his reasonable looks, given the name he bore with them. “I see that little frightful little Dio child is still on the Senator’s staff,” she noted as they strolled quietly together. With eyes firmly forward, Hux did not miss a step. “He has his uses.” The bland words were answered first by a low ripple of laughter. Then she drew closer yet, her own voice a breathy amused thing. “As do we all, no doubt.” Still he led her through the corridors, though the exit to the courtyards beyond the temple were yet far. “Would you care to take tea with me, Lady Bulenwa?” he asked, as it were but the most natural progression of their journey. “I could tell you more of the Senator’s plans for the hosting of the Senate. Surely your husband would be interested in the contracts; there would be much infrastructure that would need refined or rebuilt.” “Of course.” Her smile retained the devastating power of her youth. “You have a place we might talk?” They called for tea in the small meeting room where he had so recently met with Kylo. Like all, it was closed to the outside. No sound would move in, nor out. Not that he believed her to bear any of the odd volatility he’d sensed in Kylo. Even seated before him, here, he had sensed the crawl of something beneath his pale skin. Undefinable, beyond the ken of natural sciences. But he did not want to think of Kylo, not now: not with this woman seated opposite him with perfect societal decorum, knees together and angled away. The beadwork of her veil cascaded down in fine lines, delicate white pearls scattered over the shine of her dark hair. And yet it was a shine too bright to be natural, now. Content, Lady Bulenwa sipped at her tea, blue eyes luminous above the fine porcelain; a faint mischievous air lurked there, one that had him looking away, thinking of other eyes. But those as been as dark as the hair above them. “It has been some time, since we last spoke,” she offered, and he reached for the holopad. “I have been in communication with your husband.” Already he flicked through a portfolio he kept set aside for meeting such as these, narrowing his eyes at those items which felt most relevant. “He continues to be interested in the possibilities opened to his interests by the hosting of the Senate.” “But what good would your connections be, if you must remain here?” Though he did not drop his own gaze from the penetrating curiosity she had turned upon him, Hux swallowed, small and hard, before speaking “I have reason to believe Senator Gillen would ask for my place, amongst her transferring staff.” “Her influence is great,” she agreed, light, lovely. “But it is not encompassing.” One hand moved over her knee, smooth over the silk. “It is not just influence you need, Brendol. You also require money.” “Well.” One eyebrow rose, tea damp upon his lips. “That is what my charm is for, I suppose.” “Yes.” Her own lips closed about the rim of her cup, flushed pink, tender and inviting. “You are a charming little thing, aren’t you?” She did not need to extend her hand to offer him invitation to draw near. Even as she yet sipped her own, Hux put his tea aside, nearly untouched. In one fluid movement he crossed the floor, went to his knees. And she smiled, as he took both hands and reverentially lifted the voluminous folds of her skirt. The taste of her pressed familiar against his tongue – an acquired one, perhaps, though he had even now not grown to like it. In the most roundabout of ways it could not help but remind him of the mundane and repetitive rations he had lived upon as a child exiled to the Unknown Regions, amongst the ruins of the fallen Empire. They had been necessary, but still merely something to sustain him. To give him simple nourishment. To bring him through to another day, and to fresh opportunity. One ringed hand closed tight, in his hair. “Oh, Bren !” Hux closed his eyes, and did what was needful. ***** The faintest beginnings of evening stretched languid fingers about the twilight sky, already beginning to strangle light to what darkness the moody city would allow. With his coat heavy about his shoulders, Hux started down the steps to the courtyard below. He crossed but a quarter of it before, skin prickling, he turned back. Long legs shifted, dark hair blending deep into the shadows about the bench he reclined upon. If he smiled, now, the truth of it had been quite lost to the dark. “You’re still here,” Hux observed, bland. “Were you waiting for me?” Kylo leaned forward, just enough for the soft gleam of a lamp to cast a half-mask of light over pale skin. “Well, I haven’t got anything better to do with my time.” Again, Hux could hear that faint petulant tone that reminded him of the years yet between them; his large hands were pale and white-knuckled about a covered cup held between them. “I looked for you, after the meeting. I couldn’t find you.” His tongue passed quiet over his lower lip, retreated but a moment later. “I had some matters to attend to.” And he smiled, no teeth and with eyes unchanged. “Such are the priorities of one who wishes to maintain their ongoing employment status.” Kylo’s own smile was a sly and knowing thing. “You’re a very good speaker.” Compliments had never been his particular weakness. “I should hope so. I certainly devoted enough of my schooling to the task of mastering it,” he said, dry as desert dust. Though his body already inclined towards a return to his previous trajectory, Kylo spoke as though their conversation might never end. “Do you really think they will convene the next Senate on Uyter?” He could have walked away. In all truth he should have. Taking a delicate seat at Kylo’s side instead, he only just masked his disgust. Sitting outside had never been a particular preference of his, given that one could hardly assume the cleanliness of such a courtyard, even one within the confines of the capitol buildings. “With Mon Mothma campaigning for Hosnian Prime, it is a frail enough prospect,” he said, and frowned up at the crowning skyline of the city before them both. “But…we can try.” “She should use you more.” At the odd sidelong look this earned him, Kylo only shrugged. “Senator Gillen. She’ll get what she wants, if she does. I can guarantee it.” “What is that supposed to mean?” The frown actually made Kylo smile. “Am I not allowed to compliment you?” “Not when you say it like that.” “Like how?” Hux had never enjoyed children. And yet he expected he might have had a less fraught conversation with the man’s small cousin. “Kylo, I’m tired. Is this going anywhere?” “You could just sit here with me, you know. Relax a little.” One hand rose, tilted the closed cup in his direction. “I still have some caf.” Hux’s expression congealed at what Kylo obviously thought was an enticing tone. “I’m not sharing your caf.” “Why not?” Grasping his hands about the edge of the bench, he tilted his head back, looked to the shrouded sky and the stars just barely visible behind the smog. “And it’s far too late in the day to be drinking caf anyway.” Half an hour later they were installed together in a dark corner of a small bakery, steaming mugs in hand. Hux had at least chosen tea, though the scent alone of Kylo’s too-strong caf left his muscles tight and on the verge of jitter. “I really am interested, though,” Kylo said, around a mouthful of some flaking pastry, barely held together with honey and spice; Hux moved his cup backward another half inch, and pursed his lips. “Spying for your mother, perhaps?” he asked, purposefully light. “I didn’t realise Corellia had any intention of nominating itself as the host.” Kylo snickered, as if at some private joke. “It doesn’t.” Swirling another sugar-stick into the cup, he added with sudden thoughtfulness, “Well, so far as I know, it doesn’t.” “I didn’t realise you had any interest in politics.” “I don’t.” Something of his usual sourness returned to his tone when he added, “But it’s hard to be ignorant of them, when you’re in my position.” In the old days of the Republic, the Jedi had claimed to be separate – to be those who watched, those who guarded. Everything Hux had been taught instead spoke of those who wished to control without the scrutiny of the galaxy turned upon them. “Can you really read people’s minds?” he asked, sudden. Kylo only snorted into his caf, dark eyes luminous above his mug. “You don’t really want to know,” he said, but only after he’d lowered it; beneath the table, Hux crossed his legs, tapped the toe of one boot against the table leg. “And if I do?” The long, measured stare crawled along his skin; his mouth tasted of ash and dust. And Kylo lowered his eyes, mouth faintly twisted. “Have you ever been to Uyter?” Hux frowned. “No.” “Then how do you know it’s the best place to host the senate?” “I am capable of research.” “Yes, yes,” he said, with an impatient wave of a long-fingered hand, bare of all jewellery. “But how do you know ?” “I’m aware the Force exists, and yet I have nothing to do with it.” The beatific smile was the sort he usually reserved for the moments before he verbally eviscerated someone. “Is that not the same?” “No.” The irritation that so often flowed about him in constant eddy and current flickered brighter, his brows drawn very low. “Are you going to go there?” “If it becomes the host?” “No. While you’re campaigning.” Hunching his shoulders forward, Kylo glared at his caf as if it had made some unspoken assertion about his parentage. “Surely you should.” No-one had ever read Hux’s mind. In the First Order, only the Supreme Leader had wielded the Force, though there had been rumours of the Knights of Ren, his unholy apprentices. But here, and now, before Kylo, Hux had no idea how to tell if Kylo had done so to him. Especially given the nonsense way he spoke now. “No,” he said, slow, as if addressing a very small child. “No, I shouldn’t go.” Kylo actually looked insulted, as if a slight against Hux would have some relevance to his own charmed existence. “Why not?” “You do know who my father is.” “So?” “So, the terms of his protection order forbid him from leaving the planet.” He could not help the impatience that entered his tone, for all no one could truly expect Ben Solo of all people to understand the vagrancies and complications of a troubled family life. “I was fourteen when we came here. A dependent child. Therefore the same restrictions he had were also placed upon my person.” “But you’re not a dependant anymore.” His nails, short and neat, dragged over the sleek surface of the table before he folded them into his palm. “The restrictions still apply.” Kylo’s expression had become a rictus of disbelief. “So you can’t leave?” And his hand rose, those nails short and well-shaped where they caught the light as he cast a hand to the street outside. “Home, sweet home.” The tea burned his lips where he now took an ironic toast, but he drank it deep all the same. And then he placed it back where it had begun. “To give Coruscant its due, at least it does not rain constantly. It never stopped on Arkanis.” Lips pursed, Kylo had started to swirl yet another sugar-stick into his caf; Hux would have questioned why he’d ordered such a bitter strong beverage, had he not just watched Kylo down half the thing with no such addition. And he stared into what remained of it now as if he could scry from something so mundane. “I always liked Naboo.” One finger tapped an absent rhythm on his cup; an old habit, one he’d been prone to indulge in during examinations when his scribed answer turned out not to quite suit the question. “You lived on Naboo?” “No. No, my grandmother came from Naboo.” Apparently he’d sweetened the caf to his liking; he pulled the half-dissolved stick with an abrupt yank, discarding it on the table. Hux scowled at the insidious creep of the spilled liquid even as Kylo took a noisy sip, then frowned. “We used to holiday there, when I was younger,” he said, and when he looked up, his eyes held an odd light utterly at odds with the dim ambience of the bakery. “I think you’d like it there.” Pushing a napkin between them, Hux only gave a light snort. “You don’t know me, Kylo.” “Yes, well, it doesn’t rain very much on Naboo.” Kylo was ignoring the napkin. Nudging it closer, Hux kept his own skin well clear of the mess. “You’re extrapolating from some very scant data, there.” “Have you ever seen pictures of Naboo?” The faint irritation in his voice only made him tired. With a sigh, Hux screwed up the napkin, cleared the mess in three neat quick strokes. “Yes, I would probably like Naboo.” Then, balling the sodden mass in a further layer of tissue, he looked about for a rubbish bin. “Although it’s a moot point either way.” Kylo reached over, plucked the neat ball from his hand. “What will you do?” he asked, brow furrowed, completely ignoring the way Hux scowled at the way he had discarded the napkins to the far end of the table. And his eyes, so dark, still held that odd sheen when he added, “If you can’t leave Coruscant?” Leaning back in the chair, Hux folded his arms over his chest, fixed his gaze upon the half-empty teacup. “I have a second in engineering and project management. I suppose I’ll never be permitted to take part in military contracts, but there are civilian developments I might find interesting enough.” “But that’s not what you want.” The ache in his chest was old, and small; strangely, it didn’t hurt any less for it. “We don’t always get what we want, Kylo.” And he curled his tongue around the next words, light in their mockery. “But then, you’re young. You’ll learn, one day.” “Yes,” Kylo said, sour and half-amused, “and you’re such an old man, rich in wisdom and experience.” Hux only blinked. “I am perhaps older than I should like to be at this stage of my life, yes.” He shouldn’t have voiced that thought aloud. But from the quiet shadows of Kylo’s eyes, Hux had the uneasy feeling he might have known them had they been kept only in the hollows of his own mind. “Come to dinner with me,” he said, abrupt, the statement of one not often denied his whimsies. Already Hux had turned his attention back to the holopad, the faint tremor of fingers calmed by the familiar pulse of work to be done. “I have work to do.” The hand over his held a surprising heat, the fingers long, palm callused and dry. An expletive hovered upon his tongue, evaporated when he looked up, found only Kylo’s dark eyes before him. “No.” The fingers tightened, just a little. “Come with me.” Hux pulled back, perhaps a little too fast. “Don’t do that.” “Why?” He leaned forward; Hux leaned back. And he grinned. “Isn’t that what friends do?” But faint irritation underlay the next words, lazy accusation though they were. “You let Rey do it.” “Are you jealous of your eight year old cousin?” The clear mockery of the words had Kylo scowling, left only to the most brutal thrust and parry of conversation. “Why don’t you like me?” Even with the pout turned on him full power, Hux resisted the urge to detail thoughts about spoiled brats and uncontrolled mystical powers. Not only did he suspect Kylo had heard them all a thousand times before to no result, knew what the most immediate effect would be. And while Kylo was undoubtedly grating on his nerves now, not yet ready to risk driving him away on a more permanent basis. Hux chose his reply with far more care than necessary. But he didn’t mean it to sound so colourless, so thin and delicate. “We barely know each other.” His eyes flickered sideways, to the movement of people on the raised street outside. “We’d never have met, if you hadn’t been forced to save my life.” “Nobody forced me to do anything.” His hands had bunched to fists upon the table. “I did it because I wanted to.” The weariness that hit him then was an unfamiliar as it was suffocating. People of Kylo’s odd intensity made so little logical sense. They made him tired. Hux reached for his satchel. “I really should go.” And yet, even as he rose, Kylo already stood at his side. “Let me take you out.” They’d garnered enough curious stares when they’d entered, even in this little store. The senator’s son, and the traitor’s get; Hux knew word had already got around about their peculiar meeting. He had no intention of making it worse. “You should be getting home,” he said, instead; when Kylo scowled deeper than even before, he had to wonder if he’d been this much of an entitled horror at seventeen. “What about you?” he demanded. “Are you going home, or just back to the capitol buildings?” His fingers tightened on the strap of his satchel. “I told you, I have work to do.” Again, that odd darkness that crawled across his features like the slide of a lowered visor; the dark eyes blazed, even when there was no light. “Why do you even care?” he asked, harsh and half-hoarse. “You’re not stupid, Hux. You must know it -- that whether you succeed or not, they’re all going to leave you here. Alone.” His thin smile held an odd kind of peace: a weapon forged long ago, familiar in its swing. “Some of us take pride in our work, Kylo.” “You can’t live off pride.” “Why not?” He gave a mocking little bow, stepped around the hulking lankiness of him. “I’ve only been doing it my entire life.” Tugging the coat tighter around himself, Hux could not be but grateful for the welcome armour it provided against the strange bitterness of the air outside. The change of seasons were rarely felt to any great degree in Coruscant, given the way the sprawling planet-wide city altered its ecosystem to something beyond recognition, but the cold seeped into his bones all the same. And he shuddered at the memory of Arkanis, of rain and mud and endless grey skies. “Hux, wait.” He did not slow his step. “No, Kylo.” “Yes.” Hand on him, pulling him around. With a fierce slap Hux knocked the hand away, eyes wide, lip curled over his teeth. “Don’t ever touch me again.” And Kylo, despite withdrawing his hand, did not back away. “You didn’t let me apologise,” he said, face a chiaroscuro of light and shadow, here on the street. And Hux chuckled, the low absence of genuine amusement. “Well, congratulations. Now you have yet another thing to apologise for.” The generous lips thinned far beyond what Hux would have thought possible, but Kylo had not allowed again that too-easy escape of his anger. Instead, he’d hunched forward, hair hanging in his eyes. The gleam of the streetlamps highlighted the wild curls, the flicker of the storefront signs like the twist of a spiral galaxy over dark space. “I’m sorry this happened to you.” Much as his bunched fist still wished very much to berth itself in the boy’s abdomen, Hux kept it to himself, turned away on a sigh. “It’s not your fault, Kylo.” “No.” His step faltered – just a little, just enough. “But maybe I can help you.” His voice rose, a siren call from a place beyond the edges of all known starcharts. “Maybe it doesn’t have to be this way.” “Good night , Kylo.” Walking away, Hux expected a hand, again – and perhaps not even a physical one. There were enough legends of the Force to tell Hux it would be possible. The space grew between them all the same. But despite that distance between them his last words were still a whisper in Hux’s ear, as if Kylo yet dogged his every step. “Sleep well then, Hux.” He spoke dryly, conversational, and did not turn back. He suspected Kylo heard him perfectly well all the same. “Thank you so much for your concern.” ***** A long corridor lies open before the quick march of his boots: sleek and symmetrical, an architectural wonder of perfect trigonomic geometry. Some part of him wants to stop, to press his hands over it, to admire the lines and angles and the rich reflective shine. But the body in which he moves, the one that is in this dream: it cares not. No – this is untrue. This person cares, but then he knows . This is his home. That truth is accompanied by an upswelling of vicious pride, but one he knows all too well. It is nothing new. Rather, it is familiar and perfect. Much as is the great starship itself. At the terminus of the corridor, the walls open into a great chamber of chrome and black durasteel; from all sides, monitors display an ever-changing kaleidoscope of blue and red and grey, a thousand datastreams compressed before the technicians arrayed across what is surely the bridge. The part of Hux which recognises this as a dream draws a breath. As he strides down the central catwalk towards the great viewing ports, the galaxy is laid out before him like a gift waiting to be claimed. Hux has not been offworld since his father had brought them to Coruscant, when he’d been barely fourteen. The pleasure of it now is sharp, painful, a clawed hand about his stuttering heart. Had he been himself he would have swayed with the shock, sent to his knees before the beauty of his true desire. But he is not himself. The person whose eyes he stares through is straight-backed, halting in perfect military parade stance at the very centre. His hands move to the small of his back, gloved fingers tucked neatly into the palm of the other. Sharp eyes scan over the space before him, and in his mind Hux draws another pained breath: this is the Star Destroyer he had seen plans for, as a young adolescent. The Resurgent-class. The Finalizer . He has no idea where the name comes from. It simply is : true and terrible, tart upon the tip of his tongue. But Hux cannot direct the other man’s gaze, cannot turn his head to examine the ship as he so dearly longs to do. He can only stand as an observer, caught behind the other man’s eyes as he stares out upon the expanse of a system Hux can only vaguely recall from the many starcharts he’d studied as a youth. The Unknown Regions, certainly. More than that, he cannot be sure. “Where have you been?” Hux startles to see a figure at his side, though the person displays no surprise. How he had known the other had come up on him, Hux cannot tell; he himself had heard nothing, had seen no peripheral movement. And he proves a strange creature when the man turns to face him: clad all in black robes, crowned with a sleek helmet, the visor limned and lined in silver. The eyes cannot be seen behind it, but Hux has the uneasy sensation they are fixed upon him. When he speaks, the voice is low, distorted by a modulator. “I have not left the Finalizer . I am called to Takodana, but now? I am here yet.” Hux feels the man’s lips curl into a smile, one verging upon a sneer; it feels similar to a gesture he himself makes often in conversation with those who test his patience. “Your absence was noted,” the man says, and the reply he receives would have been flat even without the vocoder. “I had explained to you earlier that it was impossible for me to be there.” “That does not change the fact that you should have been.” In silence, the man’s eyes return to the unfamiliar constellations, the long lines of the ship that arrow off into impossible horizon. The black-clad creature stands too close; their hands nearly brush, though both wear gloves. When he speaks, the strange vocal modulation crackles at such proximity. “Would you like to see it?” There’s amusement there, as mechanical as it is genuine. “As I saw it?” The man stares ever forward. “I saw it the way I should have. Before my armies. Upon my base.” “It was so beautiful, from here.” He chuckles, the sound like fingers over transparisteel. “Five fingers of death, opened. And then: closing like a fist. Choking. Silencing. Ending.” A tremor moves through him; long tendrils of smug pleasure, sparking across his skin. Hux does not know why, but the body in which he stands shifts with an almost post-coital satisfaction, even as his irritation only grows. “You should have been there.” “I am here now.” That said, the creature is turning away, walking away. Even after he is gone, the odd tenseness of the bridge staff remains. The man himself pays it little heed, reading it as unease at yet another argument between their commanding officers. He seems much more content to return his gaze to the stars, counting them as if he expects to find one missing. Long moments pass, and then: a comm message, beeping from his datapad. Hux feels the smirk even though the man does not open it, does not even look down to see who might have sent such a thing. Instead he turns, fixing his gaze upon a young man who turns from his own monitor with admirable swiftness, as though he has a preternatural sense of when he is needed. “Lieutenant. There is something I must attend to.” One hand rises, encompasses the bustle of the technicians and officers alike. “The bridge is yours until my return.” He inclines his head, posture perfect and diction impeccable. “Of course, General.” A thrill moves through Hux at the title: one that will never be his own. But the general himself does not care. He knows who he is. It is only what he deserves. Again he stalks through the stark beauty of the chrome-silver corridors, the greatcoat about his shoulders fluttering like a cloak behind him. As Hux is pulled along with him it evokes distant memory of Imperial ranks, of the Grand Admirals in their whites. Perhaps that is why the general does it. It would be why he would do it. These are familiar corridors to the general, though new to Hux himself. The general scarcely acknowledges those he moves past, his step rapid though even, giving him the illusion of gliding upon the air. They are high in the officers’ quarters when he stops before a quiescent panel. The fingers flicker out a code to coax the doors open. Inside, the coat is flung over a chair, footsteps muted upon the rich carpeting of the floor. “Where are you?” he demands, and is met by a low chuckle from another opened door, kitty-corner to the great viewport that stretches across the furthermost wall of the general’s quarters. “I’m right where you wanted me.” There’s a faint familiarity to the voice, though with distance and its deep rumble, Hux cannot identify it. For his own part the general only snorts to himself, moving to strip off gloves, cap; only when they are tidied away does he move to another drawer in a low sidetable. From it he withdraws a half-pack of cigarras, a brand Hux does not recognise. Releasing one in a practised flick, the general has it lit within a moment. He stills, draws a deep breath. The relief and the heat of it, rich and warm, are faintly dizzying. “What are you doing out there?” When he opens his eyes, they are filled with stars. “Enjoying myself.” That same laughter rises again at that odd distance, throaty and faintly thunderous. “I can enjoy myself in here, just as well.” Another drag, the same hint of easy peace. “I am certain you can.” There comes the sound of a body, shifting; a sharp breath indrawn, released on a long low groan. “But I would like it better. If you were here.” “I am certain you would.” The general smokes the whole thing before Hux even senses any intention to move. The low moans only grow louder, punctuated by faint gasps, the thump of what would likely be a headboard against wall. With a faint snort, the general stubs out what little remains in the delicate opalescent shell he had been using to collect every scrap of flicked ash. Now he undoes his high collar, the belt about the slim waist. Setting the jacket aside leaves him in impeccable shirtsleeves. The high boots are loosened, then toed off before he bends with admirable flexibility to remove the socks beneath. Only when they are all neatly folded does he remove the shirt, too. It leaves him only in singlet and trousers as he at last deigns to enter what Hux can only assume is his own bedroom. He cannot be entirely surprised by the view. A man, long and lanky in his pale scarred skin, writhes upon the bed. Facedown, utterly naked, with his ass in the air; one hand has curled behind him, fingers pressed deep within himself. The narrow hips thrust into the disarray of the sheets in irregular rhythm, utterly at odds with his gasping breaths. Leaning against the door, the general snorts as if exhaling another lungful of the sweet-scented smoke. “I didn’t say you could make a mess in here.” “Don’t be an ass.” That faint familiarity is again lost in the hoarse rumble of arousal. “You’ve been aching for this since you fired on Hosnian Prime.” And now his voice hitches into a whine, body stiffening on the edge of double-bladed pleasure. “Don’t lie to me. I know it.” “I’ll thank you to stay out of my head, Ren.” “I was only there because you wanted it.” And the fingers delve deeper, his spine arching as he laughs. “Because you wanted me .” A low growl and his trousers are pressed down, sleeveless undershirt cast aside. Already he is hard, and then the general is on his knees, shoving the other man’s head down as fingers fist in the dark hair. His welcoming laughter chokes off on a growl as the general’s fingers slide in, crooking, gliding back out to gather some of the dripping slick there. With the most casual of strokes he coats his own cock, and then the general pushes in. The dark-haired man keens, arching underneath him. The sensation leaves Hux himself gasping for air he does not even need: a crucible, pressure and heat and fierce forced change. The general slides within it, the lubricant almost but not quite enough, the pleasure tainted with the faint drag of genuine pain. The grip on his hair loosens, the hand slipping down to grasp bruise-tight on his waist. The body entire is a strong, muscular thing in a manner Hux has not seen in his own partners since his academy days. There will never be much call for physical discipline in the senate. It is no novelty to the man who moves within it now: the general knows this body. In fact Hux feels the echo of a kind of fierce possessiveness as he thrusts deeper still. But he does not reach around to take the dripping cock in hand. The other man seems close all the same; his breathing hitches in low pants, broken by disconnected words, murmured, tripping over one another. The general himself moves with languid hunger, half-dreaming on every stroke; his arousal is a lazy thing, and its peak comes sudden and hard. He does not pause in his rhythm, driving through the orgasm. The other man follows soon after, fingers fisted in the sheets, his entire body trembling as if set alight and left to burn. The general allows but a brief moment for the comedown – then he is rising, moving for the ‘fresher. Inside, he flicks on the shower. Hux notes it is water rather than sonic; quite the luxury, upon a starship. But then, he is the general. Another presence passes behind him, slips past even as the general snorts, turning away. “I didn’t invite you to join me.” “Not with words, perhaps.” With a muttered curse the general turns to the sink, glances up. And, inside, Hux freezes. He knows that face. It’s his face. It’s older, yes. But not by much – a decade, at most. Of course the general – General Brendol Hux II – pays the interloper in his mind no heed, dashing his face with a twinned handful of cold water. And then, he stares. For a moment Hux fears he has been seen. And then, he knows he does not. The general only looks at himself. They are the same eyes, but harder. Colder. He is a man who has done what needed to be done. “Hux.” The low plea from the shower has a predatory kind of glee, a hunter tiring of playing at being prey. “Come on.” There is the slick sound of what can only be a hand stroking over a cock. “Before the water gets cold.” The general rolls his eyes, turns back to the shower. And Hux’s heart stops dead even as the general’s beats on. The hand of the man is extended to him, the other, about the thick length as he grins, beckons him closer with dark dark eyes that Hux knows altogether too well. The general has been fucking a man with the face of Ben Solo. ***** He woke hard and uneasy. The ache of his body came of an exhaustion more psychic than physical, but his cock twitched all the same, heavy and unhappy in his sleep trousers. Hux paid it no heed, staring at the cracked ceiling and seeing instead a system of stars spread out before a First Order destroyer. Sleep well, Hux . He rolled over, hips digging hard into the too-warm sheets, voice thick and harsh. “Damn you, Kylo.” And then he did not sleep again at all that night. Chapter 2 Notes: First of all: thank you so much to everyone who read the first part, and then again to everyone who left a comment about it. I was quite overwhelmed by it because I wasn't really expecting much of a response at all, given it's such a strange little AU. And so, I went on to write a little bit more. I'm actually still not sure how far I'll take this, but I got this far -- so I figured it was only fair to share it, seeing as people had read the first part. I'm sorry that it's a bit rough around the edges; I have a weird relationship with my writing as it is, but given the way my brain is right now I'm afraid that if I don't post it, I'll just delete it outright. But even my intrusive thoughts can accept that there's at least a couple little interesting moments buried in here somewhere, so I'm going to post it as is and hope for the best. Or something. But yeah, I just find something terribly amusing about Ren and his creepy little crush, so. I do have a fairly decent idea of where this story is going, so: we'll see what happens. Either way, thank you for reading this far. <3 It could only have been a mistake to accept such an invitation. But then Hux had never been to this particular restaurant – had never actually expected to find himself there. Such an establishment catered only to those far above his station; he would almost have to make senator to ever gain a place there by his own merits alone. Kylo was of course himself but a Senator’s son. It still gained him access. Yet he’d been forced to smile blandly at name upon the reservation, spoken so clearly and precisely by the welcoming waiter at the front desk: Ben Solo, and party . It had been almost worth it, simply to watch Kylo fight to maintain some sort of decorum in a public setting. Now, as it wore on towards evening’s end, Hux had to admit it had proven a decent enough meal. While he appreciated fine food from an aesthetic viewpoint, he suspected he’d been raised too long on reconstituted rations to develop any actual refinement of palate. It did also help that Kylo had rejected any suggestion that Hux contribute towards the bill. He might have protested it more, had he not realised that the entrée alone cost more than three days’ worth of the dinners taken in his father’s small apartment. Only when dessert had been laid upon the table did Kylo finally say something about his mother. At first, Hux did not even realise; overfull from the main course, he’d been poking the sweet soufflé with his smallest fork, eyes fixed upon his dinner companion. The dim lighting, provided only by flickering candles positioned with admirable skill about the grand dining chamber, lent even Kylo’s pale skin a golden sheen, made him almost appear warm. The dark eyes seemed brightened, close to amber in colour as they now narrowed, Kylo’s hand still over his own dessert. “Hux?” He blinked, straightened; the fork slid easily into the dessert, allowing it at last to begin to fall. “Yes?” “My mother.” Tilting his head, the dark hair limned with sudden golden light, he added, “She’s probably going to run as an independent, at the next election. Before the senate moves to wherever it will be hosted next.” “Well.” With surgical precision, Hux extracted a forkful of soufflé, but still brought it nowhere near his mouth. “That’s interesting information.” The grin Kylo wore might have been termed unpleasant, if not for the genuine twitch of amusement at its farthest corners. “And not exactly unknown.” He really hadn’t had enough wine to loosen his tongue – Hux indeed wasn’t sure there was any particular amount that could do it – but still, he spoke the words as if he’d intended them aloud. “I hadn’t heard any such rumour.” “Put it this way: you’re not exactly going to be surprising many people if you go around repeating it.” Kylo’s own dessert had been demolished in what seemed four or five easy bites; his dark eyes had fixed upon Hux’s plate even as he added, very nearly glib, “I could find something more interesting for you.” Pushing the dish over, fork laid aside, Hux allowed himself a faint frown. “From your mother?” With a low snort Kylo set to a small whirlwind of destruction, centred upon the elegant curve of the small dish. “No.” “Then how?” Rolling his eyes, Hux took up his wine flute, settled himself to small sips until Kylo had finished. Only then did he add, as though the conversation had never paused, “Are you going to use that little mind trick the legends are so fond of?” With a low snort, Kylo reached for the water pitcher, poured himself another tall glass; though he was too young to drink anyway, Hux suspected he would not have bothered even had he been able to. “Well, I have all those years of training,” he said, and raised the glass in mock toast. “Best make some use of it, right?” Leaving the salute unreturned, Hux took a deeper swallow of his own dry wine. “You could perhaps explain something to me,” he then said, setting the glass down upon the table with an audible click. “This mind trick . I’ve heard tell it only works on the weak of mind.” Kylo blinked. A second later Hux’s hand jerked, as if a current had passed through it; the wine glass bore the brunt of the blow, falling to the floor and shattering. And his eyes were dark as his lips narrowed to the point of almost disappearing. “How dare you.” Kylo wore an innocent look, though one quite marred by the beginnings of a smirk. They both remained completely silent as a server bustled up, set about removing the broken glass; though he gave the woman a brief nod as she finished, Hux did not once look away from Kylo. Only when she had finished did Kylo lean back in his chair, giving Hux a speculative look. “That only happened because it was a reflexive action, and you were distracted,” he said, before Hux could even think to speak. “If I’d asked you to pick up the glass and throw it at the wall, for instance, I doubt you’d have done it.” As the server brought him a new one, pouring the last of the bottle into its clean depths, Hux raised an entirely unimpressed eyebrow. “For a lack of ability on your part, or because I’m not weak-minded?” “A combination of those, and other things.” Though Kylo had reached for his own glass again, he drank no more; instead; he wrapped his hands about it, frowning. “Most people, to some degree, can refuse the will of a Jedi. Their ability to do so is usually reliant on the strength of the Force user, their own sense of self, and an awareness of the Force.” His smile turned lopsided, almost shy. “You’re a very controlled individual, Hux. It makes you less susceptible to suggestion.” “So I can resist you?” “Well.” He shrugged, hands still about the glass. “The mind trick is about remaining unacknowledged. For the sake of being covert, usually.” Any traces of the smile had vanished when he said, very quiet, “If I wanted something from your mind, you couldn’t resist me.” And then the smile returned, Kylo leaning back in the chair and leaving the water untouched before him. “But you would know about it. As would everybody within immediate hearing range, too.” A faint hint of unease crept along his spine. Hux quelled it with a sip of wine, a drop of easy sarcasm. “And they teach you this at Jedi school.” The dark eyes that met his reminded Hux of the dead space they’d only theorised about in school. “Not exactly.” In the quiet that followed, Hux ran his finger about the rim of his glass, felt Kylo’s eyes tracking the movement. “But that wasn’t my question,” he said, finally, and Kylo suppressed a low snort. “I feel like I’m being given an oral examination.” At the unimpressed look this earned him, he added with what Hux supposed Kylo thought was charm, “There are better ways to do that, you know.” But for all Kylo’s attempt to flirt lacked any real subtlety or polish, it did bring a sudden recollection of the dream: the high flush of the knight’s skin, damp in the too-hot flow of the water from the general’s small shower cubicle. Hux raised an eyebrow, kept his own flush to himself. Even his pale skin could not betray his will. “This mind trick – you said outright it’s used for covert operations.” Apparently Kylo had enough sense to realise he would not get far with such poor flirtation. “By its nature, yes,” he said, and grinned. “If it’s being used, the person is probably trying to not attract attention.” “So how righteous an action is it, really?” The smile faltered, filtered through sudden unease to become something closer to a frown. “What?” “I’m only passingly familiar with Jedi lore – I grew up mostly on a Star Destroyer of the old Empire, of course. You remember that, right?” “You wanted me to forget?” Hux met the teasing gaze with the cool disdain that came so easily to him, when speaking before those he deemed too ignorant to really understand that of which he was capable. “But I do know that they always proclaimed themselves the peaceful protectors of the galaxy.” His lips curled about the rim of the glass; the wine was darkly bitter, and yet somehow sweet as he said, “How is controlling the minds of those around them in any way honest ?” “They didn’t brainwash everybody, Hux.” “Maybe not directly.” He tapped his fingernails upon the glass, the low sound ringing and pure. “But they didn’t hesitate to manipulate minds around them when it suited their purpose, no matter what the individuals in question might have preferred.” Kylo passed his tongue over his wide lips, brow furrowed, head tilted as if Hux were some peculiar puzzle he had a mind now to solve. “You’re familiar with propaganda.” “Yes,” he said, the rising intonation close to irritation. “Would you like to see some?” With a snort, Hux then threw back the rest of his wine, set the glass down. “I suspect I see it every day.” “Exactly,” he replied, and tilted his head further. “But that’s not what I meant.” The smile had turned devious, a child about dark mischief. “I have First Order propaganda.” Though in truth Kylo had been surprising him right from the very beginning, this was beyond anything he had expected. His abdomen felt cold and hollow, and very tight. “I – what?” “I collect it.” He smiled, though his humour was the kind of thing Hux would have associated more with children who enjoyed pulling limbs and other appendages off small insects. “Obviously my mother wouldn’t approve. If you tell her I have it, I’ll make sure she knows it came from you.” He spoke slow, incredulous, and very very cold. “Are you threatening me?” “Just a little bit.” This time the smile turned wry. “Actually, she probably wouldn’t believe me.” Before Hux could even begin to verbally rip him a new hole in the head, Kylo added, “But my father would. And he’s the one who carries a blaster strapped to his hip.” This time the grin was unrepentantly silly, his dark eyes dancing with mirth. “He’s not the best shot, but he does tend to take the first one.” Crossing his arms, leaning back in his chair, Hux began to wonder if anyone would really miss the senator’s son. Surely he could strangle him in some dark alley and dispose of the body in the city’s trash compaction system and then just say he’d gone back to school and no-one would be any the wiser. “Why would I be interested in such…materials, Kylo?” “Nostalgia?” Long fingers drummed the table, even as he raised an eyebrow in genuine query. “No, but really: you say the Jedi manipulated minds to get their way. That’s true. You’ll notice I’m not actually at Jedi school anymore, so it’s hardly like I’m going to argue their case.” His fingers slowed, stopped. “But they do it with the Force. You, of all people, must realise there are other ways to get people to think exactly the way you want them to.” His eyes were fixed upon the empty setting before him, the meal long-finished and cleared away. “I don’t want to see it.” From the way Kylo’s insistence beat against his mind, and the headache forming there, Hux had to wonder if Kylo was actually trying that stupid mind trick on him again. “Are you sure ?” His eyes were as cold as the singular word. “Yes.” “But you miss it.” The insistence made his voice rise, in tone if not volume. Why it mattered so much to him, Hux could not guess, even as he added, “The way it was.” He drew an exasperated breath, let it go with a sharp sigh. “It was all I knew , Kylo. I was fourteen when I left. Young enough to be still considered a child, but old enough to have had years of their teachings ingrained into my very bones.” “So you’re still a child of the First Order?” “I’m an effective orphan, Kylo.” And he smiled, the cool curve of a glacier’s slow path. “So, no.” In the silence that followed, Kylo almost looked like he regretted asking the question. Hux didn’t believe it. He couldn’t be certain Kylo had ever regretted any stupid thing he’d done, which was probably fortunate. He’d have drowned himself in regret long ago if that was the case. And if he’d drowned, you yourself would have died seven days ago. He spoke sudden, utterly unintended. “He never really intended to bring me here.” “What?” Kylo’s voice had turned whipcrack sharp. “How do you know that?” Hux snorted. “He told me. What did you think, I read his mind?” From the way Kylo stared at him now, it was as if Hux had metamorphosed into a Hutt before him. “Why would he say that?” His narrow shoulders moved up, down. “We’re honest with each other, at the very least.” Eying the empty glass, Hux frowned, caught the jagged edges of his own reflection there, found them unrecognisable. “He couldn’t leave me there, not knowing what the First Order would do with the son of a traitor.” Then he glanced up, smile small and knowing. “But then, it’s hard to know the real reason why: was it that he knew I would be beaten or tortured to death, or simply that he realised no son of a traitor would ever rise to high rank in the First Order?” Kylo remained silent and still, eyes upon him. And Hux had to look away. “He thought the New Republic would give me the benefit of the doubt, perhaps. But then we are not really so different, after all.” The words were spoken in a flat tone, strange and even. “When you say we , which side are you on?” Hux glanced up, pursed his lips. “Can’t you read my mind?” And the mask that had become his expression gave away nothing at all. “No.” Exhaustion flowed over him then as a wave, crushing and unavoidable. “Kylo, I’ve already explained it to you,” he said, closing his eyes with the sudden weariness. “I was born to a different life, a different world . Coruscant isn’t my home. But it’s the only home I have.” Opening both his hands and his eyes, he leaned back in the chair, sighed. “So, I do what I must.” By comparison, Kylo sat fully upright, something strangely martial in the stiff line of his back. “You could have been something remarkable, under the First Order.” Hux rolled his eyes, even as his stomach twisted to remember the insignia upon his dream-self’s uniform. “Perhaps.” “You could have gone as high as general.” The sharp look Hux threw him then should have drawn blood. But Kylo’s eyes had wandered away. Hux flicked his own in the same direction, saw nothing of particular interest there; he was debating whether or not to call the server over to order some tea when Kylo spoke, sudden and still looking away. “Are you going to the reception tomorrow night?” “The one being given by the Ryloth delegation? Yes.” An unexpected possibility crept into his mind, peculiar and almost hopeful. “Are you?” “Yes.” The clear surprise Hux hadn’t been able to mask earned him a sour look indeed. “My mother insisted. My father’s away again and while she doesn’t usually care overmuch about being unaccompanied, she apparently wants me out of the house more often.” “Is that what you do all day, then? Sit around the house?” And then he glanced about the room, and then pointedly back at their table. They hadn’t met at the restaurant. Kylo had insisted on collecting him from the capitol buildings. “Well, at least when you’re not stalking me about the capitol.” The offense on Kylo’s face very nearly made Hux like him. “I entertain Rey!” “Does she not go to school?” he returned on instinct, but found himself genuinely curious; Kylo, for his own part, looked reluctant to answer. “She has private tutors.” And before Hux could ask for specifics, he snorted, waved one hand. “You can imagine she gives them the regular runaround.” “And I’m sure you don’t make that worse at all.” “I try.” But whatever bothered Kylo about Rey’s manner of education evaporated with a sudden sweetness, his expression softened and strange. “She deserves something good,” he murmured, and again his eyes had wandered away. “She is good.” In theory, there was no reason at all for Hux to pity this young man. He had two parents who clearly cared for him; he possessed what seemed considerable connection to the Force, and he had both wealth and education to his name. There was no reason at all for Brendol Hux Jr. to consider spending any of his own limited stores of pity upon such an unworthy recipient. And yet, he did it anyway. “You’re young, Kylo,” he said, very tired. “You still have choices.” Kylo glanced back to him, snorted. “And you’re so old.” Irritation prickled at the words now. “My choices are somewhat less than yours.” “Maybe.” And, before Hux could actually think to lose either patience or temper, he asked: “If you could be anything – be any where – what would you choose?” Hux blinked. Just once. “I’d choose to think about it.” “Somehow I’m not surprised.” And Kylo smiled, low and uncertain. “But…just don’t think about it too long.” As he raised his hand to call for the bill, those dark eyes fixed upon him, flickering gold and crimson alike in the low light. Hux turned away. Sometimes it was best to think of nothing at all. ***** Gillen moved amongst the other guests as a clear river in full flow, lovely and endless and shimmering in the golden light. Dressed in her preferred black, the slim gown lay mostly hidden by the long folds of the cloak that fell in long straight lines from its high collar about her throat. But the severity of it had been broken by the rick scattering of golden stars across both gown and cloak. All glittered as she moved, transforming her into a galaxy unto herself, self-contained and breathtaking in its brilliance. Hux found it hard to take his eyes from her. From the very beginning he been pulled towards her orbit, but in this he was left dizzied and dreaming, unable to approach. Astronomy had always been one of his favoured subjects, though in practice he had little use for it these days. That did not dull the need in him: to take down a star from the sky, to hold it between his hands and before his heart. To know it intimately: heat and light and the transformative power of that which had created the galaxy around them all. She was far beyond his reach. That did not stop him from wanting what she had. But he could not stay by her side, much as he might have wished to. Instead he moved to mingle with the other guests, pleased to be able to neatly sidestep Chadri at every turn. He still had more work to do regarding the way he’d hijacked Hux’s own research, but he’d come to the conclusion that a direct approach held little merit. Given Hux had still ended up with much of the current correspondence regarding the research Chadri had stolen, pushing the point would yield little by the way of useful result. Hux’s ends would be far better served by seeking another way to take the other man down. Hux had patience enough to wait. And training enough to manufacture some quicker scenario should he change his mind. A rippling through the crowd, a burst of electric charge upon the air, had Hux raising his head: a hunter sensing his prey upon a changing wind. Low whispers darted about him, but Hux knew long before he saw her. Leia Organa, also dressed in black. Both the colour and the long lines of the dress seemed almost harsh against her pale skin; it fell in long straight lines, sleeveless, but with the shoulders fixed by small golden brooches. But when she turned, even Hux couldn’t help but raise an eyebrow. The back hung low, the many folds of fabric gathered like a hood with its lowest arc reaching to the small of her back. A criss-cross of golden chains glittering in the void left behind, lovely in their intricate design. “Please don’t stare at my mother like that.” Turning, hand too tight about his wine goblet, Hux found Kylo standing at his elbow. And he blinked, said nothing. While never quite the ruffian, it was still startling to see him like this: hair ordered and clothing flashier than any he’d seen him in before. Tonight he wore a heavy brocaded coat that went to his knees, over dark and slim-cut trousers. But it was the colour that startled: rich crimson, glittering with intricate and asymmetrical silver beadwork that wrapped about him like a constellation. Brow furrowed, Hux could not help but reach out, running his finger over one long line that wended down from his right shoulder. Kylo did not step back. “You like what I am wearing?” But even the clear amusement could not distract Hux from his work; though he’d since withdrawn his hand, he still examined the beading with narrowed eyes. “It’s a star system,” he said, at last; the words felt cold upon a thickened tongue. “The Hosnian star system, in fact.” “Very good.” Though he did not look up, Hux could still hear the grin in Kylo’s light words. “I didn’t think senator staffers knew their celestial geography so well.” Hux kept his eyes upon the constellations wrought into Kylo’s coat. These particular stars could be seen from many places, of course. But in this precise arrangement: it was the view from Hosnian Prime. His throat worked, hard and half-paralysed by the memory of the bridge. The man at his side then had been dressed all in black. And, of course, he had won the mask. Silver and cold and so very strange. But he had still been Ben Solo. Just like this boy beside him now. At last Hux straightened, smile thin and stretched. “Is this a veiled support for Chancellor Mothma, then?” Kylo stifled something between a snort and a chuckle. “You’re assuming that anyone here would know what the design is.” “I knew.” “Yes, but you’re you .” And before Hux could think whether to take the words as compliment or insult, Kylo shrugged; his hair, shining in the bright light of the ballroom, shifted about his pale features. “I don’t know, actually. I just wanted to.” “You just… wanted to.” Without quite intending too, Hux fixed his eyes again upon the coat, noting the careful placement of every bead – and that each bead appeared to be some precious stone, carefully worked to appropriate size and shine. “You keep things like this just lying around.” “Careful, Hux.” And at the glare this earned him, Kylo smiled wider. “You’re sounding jealous.” “Of what ?” “Of the stupid things stupid kids with stupidly wealthy aristocratic parents can do on a stupid whim.” His hand was curled far too tightly about the stem of his glass – at least, if he didn’t want to spend the next half hour picking shards of glass out of his fingers. “Good night, Kylo.” “No, wait.” Hux stiffened as Kylo caught him by the elbow, not that it appeared to deter him; Kylo even yanked him a step back, forcing him to turn as he did so. “You haven’t met my mother yet,” he pointed out, and Hux resisted the urge to throw the remnants of his drink in Kylo’s face. “Who says I want to meet your mother?” he asked instead, icy as his eyes, and Kylo rolled his own. “You want to meet my mother.” At the narrowed glare this garnered, he flicked his hand back through his hair, and strangely it did not disturb its artful fall at all. Hux could have hated him for that alone. “And no, I’m not trying to mind trick you. I don’t even need to read your mind to know you want to.” When Hux answered only by mimicking a bronze statue, Kylo very nearly stomped one over-large foot. “Hux. Come on .” He had apparently remained silent for a moment too long, for Kylo did not give up. Instead he scowled, again pushing his hand through the riot of his dark hair. “Does this feel too easy, or something?” he demanded, lips curled to a fierce pout. “Because you almost died , Hux. There’s nothing easy about this.” It would have been the work of a single second to simply turn and walk away. And yet, he did not. Something held him there – kept him at Kylo’s side when the young man threaded one arm through his own, tugging him across the ballroom. Around them the air grew warm, thrumming with some hidden energy that Hux’s logical mind could not justify. He was no believer in destiny, or even the true influence of the Force on those who chose to have nothing to do with it. Hux was still perfectly aware of what it meant to stand upon the precipice of such a choice. He had known her first from propaganda: young and lovely and brilliant. Leia Organa had grown older now, and harder. Standing before her now, she remained just as brilliant as her youthful rebel self. And when she turned, called by her Kylo’s voice, the dark eyes fixed upon him with clear and dangerous curiosity – the same eyes her son had inherited. But even that did not strike him the hardest. Of course Hux had been introduced to Kylo through the Force; it had hummed through him then, on full display as Kylo had wielded it to save Hux’s life. But though Leia Organa did not use it in the same way, it still struck him like a blow; he might have staggered, had it not still been pressed too close to Kylo’s side. And had he not believed in it before, simply being in her presence would have undone every erroneous belief the First Order had indoctrinated him with since early childhood. The Force is strong in her. Kylo’s smile managed to be both forced and entirely genuine at the same time. Looking at him hurt. “Mother, this is Brendol Hux Jr.” But it felt even harder to again meet Organa’s dark eyes. “Hello,” she said, perfectly courteous though she extended no hand. “You work with Senator Gillen, correct?” With a low bow of his head, he pulled his arm free of Kylo’s grip, crossed it over his abdomen as he gave a brief bow. “I do, yes.” Glancing up, he moved his lips in the charming curve he reserved for such social niceties. “It’s very good to meet you.” Organa appeared entirely unmoved by the gesture. “Well, Ben has been insisting on it,” she noted, and gave her son an arch look. “I do apologise for not being at dinner the other night, but given the short notice, it become somewhat impossible.” “I’m assuming Kylo told you about it perhaps a minute before I arrived?” For the first time, he sensed some genuine emotion from her; a light smile, even, almost gracing her lips. Then, it faded back to something darker, more watchful. “You call him Kylo?” “That’s his name.” Her eyes flickered, hard and questioning, between them. Then they focused upon him alone, her lovely face marred by the frown she chose. Some part of him wanted to bow his head, to step back, to beg her forgiveness for some slight he did not even understand. But Hux remained before her, motionless and watchful, and Organa only shook her head. “I’d like to speak with you more, though I haven’t the time just now.” And now she glanced to her son, one eyebrow arched in pointed question. “Perhaps Ben could invite you back to the house – though with a little more warning this time, perhaps?” Kylo appeared to be sulking. Hux could only smile wider, voice even and lovely. “I would be pleased to come at a time convenient to you, Senator.” And she looked back to him now, her lovely face expressionless. “I will see what can be arranged.” Though as some thought flitted across the forefront of her mind, her brow creased in sudden consideration. “Rey will be glad to see you. I hear more about you from her than Ben, actually.” Hux could only blink. “Oh?” “Yes.” And despite the great height difference between them, Organa leaned forward, seemed almost to loom before him as she added, “She tells me quite often about how you belong to us now.” Hux did not step back, even as something in him wished very much to do so. “I believe she puts great stock in the proverb that when you save someone’s life, you become responsible for it.” “Indeed.” One hand reached forward, fingertips tracing over the fabric of his coat; too startled to move, it ended only when she withdrew her small hand. “She’s very interested in you,” she added, thoughtful. “With your red hair and dressed all in white.” “White?” He glanced to Kylo, found him staring at his mother like Organa had grown another head. “I…don’t wear white.” She blinked. “You don’t?” “No.” “How peculiar.” And then, she smiled: and how lovely she was when she did. A bright and burning thing, ready to cut down all that would challenge her grace and strength. “But yes. Do come around, again – and, if you’ll excuse me?” For a long moment he remained silent, staring after her long after the parted crowd had closed after her departed form. “Well,” he said, at last, voice strange and strained. “That was…peculiar.” “What?” Hux went to reply, and then blinked. Apparently Kylo had located a drink from somewhere, though as far as he could recall Kylo hadn’t once left his side during the entire conversation with his mother. Eyeing the glass with some distaste – a fruity, rainbow thing with a twisted straw sticking out at a rakish angle – Hux said, “So, your cousin talks about me a lot?” Kylo blinked. “Rey talks a lot in general.” “Well.” Raising both hands, Hux adjusted his collar, slid them down his front to smooth out non-existent creases. “I should go do some work.” “Why?” Long fingers shifted about the glass, leaving wet trails in the condensation. “You could just stay with me.” Hux had already shifted his attention to the turn of the room about him, calculating path and trajectory. “I didn’t come to see you.” “So?” And, before he could move, “Do you know how to dance?” Hux glanced back, one side of his face curled in disdain. “What?” “They’re going to have dancing. They always do.” Fixing his lips about the straw, Kylo sipped at his drink, dark eyes on him. Then he swallowed, and scoffed with it. “Surely they taught you how to dance as part of your officer training. Although even if they didn’t, I’m sure you would have learned before coming to Senator Gillen’s staff.” Somehow he’d sidled close again, head tilted as he said, soft, “You’re always prepared. For every eventuality.” Taking a step sideways, Hux shook his head. “This isn’t dance music.” “I could ask them to start some.” Waving a hand, Hux stepped neatly away from Kylo’s looming presence. “Perhaps later.” “I won’t wait forever.” “ Kylo .” But then, Kylo had never struck him as the type to be dissuaded by mere verbal warning. The fact he was now drinking through the straw while simply staring at him over the rim of the glass proved as much. Hux was contemplating how scandalous it would be, to first slap the drink out of his hands, then the smirk off his face, when a throat cleared just to his left. And then, he wondered if he could also get away with punching somebody in the throat too, just to round out the trifecta. “Hux,” Chadri Dio said with false societal cheer, “You have to introduce me to your new friend!” Kylo snorted into his drink, let the straw fall from his generous lips. “He doesn’t have to do anything.” His smile was a bladed thing, sharp and pulsing. “And I can introduce myself.” “Ben Solo, isn’t it?” “And you’re Chadri Dio.” His own smile, toothy and perfect, did not quite hide his genuine pleasure. “You know my name.” “No, I read your mind.” Somewhere between bored and apologetic now, Kylo shrugged his shoulders, took another long and noisy sip. “It didn’t take very long.” Chadri’s smile faltered only a little. “I see.” And now he frowned, tilting his head in the supercilious concern of a career politician. “I heard you’d… left , your training. It’s good to see you still succeeded in learning something there.” “Yes, indeed.” Stirring the remnants of the drink with its ridiculous straw, Kylo actually beamed at Chadri. “It was really only control and restraint that I failed at.” And he leaned close, conspiratorial and cheerful. “Both are very important ideals. To the Jedi.” Even as Kylo set about downing the last of his drink in two easy swallows, Chadri had the sense to take two steps backward. But, Hux was sourly amused to note, he certainly didn’t have the sense to back away entirely. “It is interesting to see you here,” he tried, again. “Do the Jedi hope to again become an important influence within the central government?” “How should I know?” Kylo blinked those dark eyes, opened wide and very dark even in the bright lights of the ballroom. “I’m only here as my mother’s date.” “Oh, not Hux’s, then?” Kylo rolled his eyes. “He’s here to work.” As he indicated the crowd with one large and encompassing and hand, he smiled again: that strange and brilliant thing that rendered his mismatched features very nearly terrifying. “So, which one is your date?” Chadri’s flat smile barely quirked the corners of his own lips. “I have work of my own to do.” And Kylo’s hand landed hard on his shoulder, an almost audible slap. “You should probably go find something to do, then,” he said, and gave a mock sigh. “Senator Organa’s office already has a liaison to communicate with Senator Gillen, you see.” “Of course.” The bow of his head was a stiff and sour thing. “Good night then, Mr. Solo.” And he shrugged. “Staffer Dio.” Hux, having since snagged a welcome glass of wine from a passing server, frowned; Kylo, for all he’d looked to be dismissing the staffer, now stared after him with all the fierce concentration of a hunter having scented its prey. As Hux watched he seemed almost to vibrate, nostrils flaring, hands clenched to fists. “I could tell you so many things about him,” he whispered, harsh and almost ugly. Hux’s own reply came flat, disinterested. “Keep them to yourself.” And he turned, incredulous and wide-eyed. “What?” Taking a sip of his wine, Hux glanced down to the chrono on his wrist, and frowned. “I don’t want to know.” “Hux.” The fierceness of it had him glancing upward again; Kylo had crowded close, his breath scented with the odd floral notes of his ridiculous beverage. “You could ruin him within the day if I told you even a quarter of it.” Taking a delicate step backwards, Hux took a deeper sip of his own wine. “I don’t care.” And he nodded in the direction Chadri had retreated in, voice hard. “Either I do it myself, or I don’t do it at all.” So quickly his tone turned wheedling. “Let me help you.” “You’re not helping me. You’re offering me a solution on a golden platter.” Finishing his drink, he set the glass upon a passing platter, and turned to look again over the people arrayed before him. “I work for my meals, Kylo.” He didn’t need to look back to know Kylo was scowling. “You think what I do is easy?” “I think what you do works for you .” He gave him a nearly pitying stare, and then shook his head. “We’re very different people.” At first, Kylo glared at him so hard Hux actually began to wonder if he’d been taught to set things aflame with merely the power of his mind – and that was a genuinely sobering thought. And then he turned, stomping away through the nearest crowd. Startled patrons glared after him, and then to Hux. He could only off a shrug, the unspoken mantra of what do you expect of children? before abandoning the entire incident as a lost cause. As he continued to move through the flow of people, from one group to the next, he kept one eye out for her. It was but inevitable, that they should meet. And then, there she was: Lady Bulenwa, stunning in deep green. Though Hux had never cared much for the fashion of women, even he could see it was a striking gown, gathered in many folds; three twisted ropes made up the bodice, strung between her choker and the glittering belt that emphasised how narrow her waist remained. With dark hair piled atop her head, revealing a neck long and graceful, he felt a twist in his abdomen that he hadn’t known since the earliest days of their acquaintance. “Hux, my dear.” She came to him with a smile upon her lips, collecting his hands in her own. “You do look lovely this evening.” And he turned her hands in his own, raised them to his lips for a brief kiss. “I believe that is my line.” “Yes, but I spent several hours making sure people would say as much of me. I hardly think that was your own concern.” And yes, she was a lovely thing indeed: all dark hair and pale skin, long and lean in the golden light. “Shall we dance, then?” Lady Bulenwa always proved a most competent partner; though Hux had never held much patience with dance, he had mastered the skill as necessary years beforehand. She made it almost worthwhile, her grace easy as they began a quick-footed step about the rich mosaic of the tiled floor. But of course, it could not last. Scarcely had the last notes of the song finished when a figure appeared at his elbow, hulking in crimson and black. Even as Lady Bulenwa smiled up at him, one hand rising to flutter at her throat as she giggled, Kylo took him by the elbow. “Excuse me,” he told her, without apology. “I’m taking this dance.” And as the next song moved into swing, Hux found himself halfway across the room with Kylo’s hands at waist and shoulder, his feet knowing the way even as his thoughts consisted of little more than the singular desire to kick the other man in the shins. “Kylo, what are you doing ?” His face, pinched and pale, was still inclined across the room; Hux didn’t need to look to know Lady Bulenwa was likely still watching them both. “I don’t like her.” They moved well together, Hux could see; though Kylo had moved them across the room, in truth neither one of them actually led the dance. “I don’t care,” Hux said, keeping effortless time. “You can’t just—” “You don’t know what she’s thinking about you.” Finally Kylo looked at him; Hux almost wished he hadn’t, seeing him wild-eyed and feral. “You don’t know what you’re doing . In her head .” “I’m right here in front of you, idiot.” “Not in there you’re not.” Even as the dance continued Kylo closed his eyes. The pained expression almost made him appealing; some tragic hero agonising over a choice that could turn him from his valiant destiny if made incorrectly. And as Hux continued to stare at him, Kylo sighed. “It’s not right .” Though he’d had but few drinks this evening, Hux could have murdered a bottle of brandy in that moment. It did not help that Kylo’s arms tightened about him then: strong, and surprisingly warm. He’d rarely admitted it to previous male partners, but he had always rather enjoyed being held down. Had always been secretly rather aroused by the thought of no escape. “Kylo,” he said, and swallowed around the rough edges of his voice. “Kylo, you’re the son of a Senator and spent likely half your childhood at a school of celibate mystics. I’m not asking you to understand what my life is like.” Kylo had at least opened his eyes again, but was still staring across Hux’s shoulder, and across the room entire. “This isn’t you.” “Why not?” Hux executed a sudden, swift turn. “I do what is necessary.” With his sightline to Lady Bulenwa now cleanly cut, Kylo had nowhere to look but to Hux himself. But despite the fierce set of those eyes, beneath them lay a sheen of strange misery. “You sleep with her,” he said, abrupt, almost childish. “She’s married .” He sighed, the hand on Kylo’s brocaded shoulder tightening almost to bruising. “It’s an arrangement, Kylo. One of mutual convenience.” He moved closer, dipping his head, forcing Kylo to do much the same so he could hear the low words. “Her husband is mostly impotent, and hardly attractive to her besides. He’s also very wealthy, and owns many mines and fabrication facilities on Uyter. She comes to Coruscant to socialise and to direct business to him.” Kylo’s head shot up, eyes wide. “And that’s what you are? Business ?” “Her money is useful.” Again, Hux yanked him around when it seemed he would return to glaring at the lady. “I help direct her to where it best might be spent.” And there was something ugly indeed in Kylo’s gaze when he fixed it upon Hux’s face now. “There’s a word for people who do that.” Fury blossomed low in his gut, perfect in its white-hot intensity. Had Hux been a creature of instinct and indulgence, he’d have drawn the long knife from his boot and thrust it up through Kylo’s groin. “I’d advise you not to speak said word aloud.” And he drew close again; they’d have appeared conspirators, to anyone thinking to watch. “You might be a Jedi, but I daresay even you prefer to keep a tongue in your head.” Kylo jerked his head back. “I’m not a Jedi!” he snapped, and with a scowl his own fingers dug too deep into the firm skin of a narrow waist. “I mean it, Hux. Stop it.” “Stop what?” Even through the weighted fabric of his coat, Hux could feel the press of blunt nails. “Stop… selling yourself.” And Kylo could not meet his eyes now, looking away over his shoulder with blind frustration. “Whatever she’s paying you, it’s not enough.” And Hux could only sigh. At least the song was drawing to an end. “It’s not that kind of transaction,” he said, this time with the weariness of an adult explaining complex concepts to a toddler. “We both take pleasure enough from it.” “Liar.” And Hux flinched back. “Don’t you dare .” Again Kylo had fallen to scowling, though the hand he’d raised from Hux’s shoulder did not move any closer. Instead it remained several inches from one temple, fingers flexing, as if that motion alone could withdraw Hux’s thoughts from his mind. “But you don’t enjoy her,” he said, mutinous. “It’s none of your business whether I do or not.” With a sharp snort Hux pushed the hand down upon his shoulder once more, returned his own to Kylo’s. “And you’ll never know, besides.” And indeed, the song was drawing to its end; by the approach of several other guests, Hux could see that they would both be soon with new partners. As if sensing the same – probably sensing it better – Kylo drew close, lips too close to his ear. “Hux,” he whispered, nearly frantic. “You don’t know what I can see .” He drew back. “Perhaps I don’t want to know.” But then, Kylo did not take no for an answer. Hux only had a moment to sourly blame it upon overindulgent and careless parents before he added, “It’s not just her. It’s that man – Dio. His mind is a mess , you shouldn’t—” “Kylo.” Hux stopped dead, even though the music played on. “I can look after myself.” But Kylo had not yet let him go. “You deserve better.” “I’m the son of a traitor,” he said with perfect easy bitterness, extracting himself from Kylo’s grip. And the other man frowned, shook his head. “But you’re not the traitor.” “Sometimes I wonder.” Dusting at his shoulder, Hux turned away, already scanning the crowd for his next mark. “Now leave me be. I have work to do.” “You work too much.” “And you, not enough.” He could not help but glance back, one eyebrow quirked high. “What a pair we make.” “No.” Kylo’s expression had turned dark, thoughtful. “No, we’re not a pair.” And then, he took one step forward. “But we could be.” Hux took another step back. Even as he turned away, he saw it, strong and true: the memory of a body held under his own: muscular, sweat-sheened, trembling with the faintest hint of laughter. Dreams are never anything more than that . But now, he looked only forward – and then moved in the same direction. ***** It feels familiar, to be back in this skin – but then, it is his own skin. Just older. And – in a different time. A different place. This man is a general. Hux is himself no more than a minor staffer for a minor Senator. When the general had been Hux’s own age, surely he had been far more certain in his career prospects and how to make the most of them. From the general Hux can now feel a sense of vague amusement. Adjusting his gloves as he moves through the corridors, the general takes them deep into a quieter part of the great ship – far from the bridge. Hux is very familiar with the design of previous star destroyers, of course, but this is one that has stripped away the weaknesses of the Imperial-era starships, has turned them into something new and vibrant for the First Order. Hux feels as though he knows this ship just an intimately as any other. Perhaps because the man whose eyes he looks out of knows. But then, Hux does not know where the man is going – and by his purposeful step, the general very much has a destination in mind. The corridor widens, heightens; storage bays march along each side in orderly formation, though by the quiet these are not much in current use. The general’s footsteps, alone in this place, echo with the repeating staccato of a military tattoo. He stops before one bay; Hux notes nothing to indicate it is different from any other. While the great cargo doors remain hydraulically and electronically sealed, the general moves to the smaller personnel access door. A code is entered, accepted; as he slips inside, Hux notes that the interior has been lit already by a low gleam from naked bulbs scattered about near the high ceiling. The general pays his surroundings little attention, remaining by the now-closed and resealed door. Bending forward from the waist he takes off his boots, sets them neatly to one side with the socks tucked neatly into their toes. He then pads across the unexpectedly soft floor; Hux cannot see much of it in such low light, but he guesses it has been made over into a salle, of a kind. It is of course nothing like those the officers would use to train. This is a room repurposed – an empty warehouse, with unfinished walls and catwalks stretching from one high vantage point to another; all around remain the empty bays where cranes and other heavy machinery would be attached, if needed. This is no neat room designed for purpose; this is something borrowed, changed, remade into what its master has demanded of it. At the far side of the room, Hux sees for the first time its single occupant: in constant motion, darting and dodging in the dim light, he should be almost anonymous. But even had Hux not known it through the general, he’d have recognised him all the same: Ren, stripped to the waist, barefoot and bare of face. A whirling dervish of fierce concentrated energy, his saber a brilliant blaze before him as he moves through his training. Hux has never seen Kylo with his weapon in hand. It still quite steals all his breath to see it even in the hands of this form: older, skin scarred, hard body won through rigorous training and actual combat experience both. Fortunately the general is just as enthralled. Through his fixed gaze can Hux can watch Ren in all his considerable glory; the stretch of his muscles, sheened with sweat; the play of shadow over curve and line as he reaches and spins in the fashion of calligraphy writing itself upon the very fabric of the galaxy. In this, the saber seems but an extension of that glorious body – and, in the way Ren’s body is a strange and beautiful thing, the saber is the same. Kylo is a gangling collection of too-long limbs, his face a jumble of features that might have been striking alone, but are made too overwhelming when placed together. With another decade to his name, Ren has made something of himself: the body has broadened, his shoulders tapering to a lean waist and hips, his legs the long coiled power of a stalking predator. He is beautiful this way, for all he should not be so. And the saber is the same. Hux has never seen its like: a long blade of unstable plasma, the brilliant spitting crimson of a wound bubbling arterial blood. But even the clear instability of the blade is not its strangest feature. At the head of the hilt, just below the discharge vent of the blade, are two further vents; from them spills twinned shortened plasma discharges, forming a brilliant crossguard. It is dangerous and ridiculous and perhaps necessary but if only it had been made properly in the first place— But Ren is its master. It is a part of him as he moves through his motions. Hux does not know the forms by name, but he can sense the shift between them; one to the next, to another, back again as he adapts his style to the imagined attack of the moment. Ren is no blunt weapon to be thrown against any opponent. He knows offense, understands defence. There is style and substance beneath all of it. He’s hardly a perfect weapon, of course; even Hux, unexperienced in such as he is, knows that Ren will have a weakness, somewhere. Unlike Starkiller, Ren has not been built from the ground up, has not been manufactured and refined to be impenetrable. But he is still a very effective weapon. And if Ren had been but a perfect mindless droid, then the general would not be able to take what he wants most. And Hux, upon the edges of the man’s mind, knows exactly what the general wants from his knight. And the saber flies from his hand, arcs across the room, a projectile thrown by one outstretched arm. The general does not move even as it shudders to a halt just before his face. There it hangs, impossible and brilliant upon the air, as Ren raises his voice in easy mocking greeting. “Did no-one ever tell you it’s rude to stare?” “You were putting on such a show.” The general smiles, light as glacial ice, even before the plasma burn of the unstable weapon. “I thought you might appreciate an audience.” Striding close, Ren’s trousers ride dangerously low on the sharp edges of his hips. If they’d been his own eyes, Hux might have averted them; Kylo is so much younger than he is. It does not feel right to linger over the fine lines of that body when his mind cannot help but slip to the fierce memories of the previous dream. But then, before him now stands the man that the general calls Ren. And yes, he is older indeed: broader across the shoulders, leaner in his hips, hair a longer tumble around his thicker neck. It is Ben Solo. Hux does not doubt that; no doppelganger could bear such a resemblance to the person Hux knows in his own reality. But neither can he deny the coldness in his stance, the vague madness that burns as a low presence in his dark eyes. Hux has only taken the vaguest sense of it from Kylo. But Ren seems made of it. And now Ren stands just to the right of the general’s sightline, wide lips curled. The thick arms have folded across the broad chest, the biceps of both bulging, sheened with sweat. Hux cannot help but wonder how they might taste even as Ren rakes a knowing gaze up and down the motionless body of his general. “Perfect,” he says, sudden, very low. “As usual.” And the general only snorts, does not move; the heat of the blade is close, as if he moves too close to the surface of a star. “I am a general in the First Order.” His own smile is a low and self-satisfied thing. “I do have standards to maintain.” “Not with me.” His head tilts; the loose curls, longer than Kylo’s and dampened with the sweat of his skin, move whisper-soft over the naked skin of his shoulders. “Shall we play a game?” Though Hux trembles at the throaty promise of the words, the general speaks as if bored. “Only if you’re prepared to lose.” And now he frowns at the saber, still suspended but a moment from his face, held there only by the whim of a madman. “I’m not in the mood to watch you take out your temper on my ship. We have quite enough issues with the accountancy department regarding your excessive expenditure as it is.” And Ren smiles, steps closer, angling himself around and away. “Oh, no. No, I don’t need to take out my frustrations on your equipment.” And there, at the general’s side, he leans in close, damp lips against one ear. “Not when I have you, here. All to myself. As it were.” Even the stoic general cannot repress this shiver. Still he keeps his eyes fixed on the saber blade. Brilliant and red, and so very like the test firing simulations of Starkiller – or so Hux gleans, from the surface thoughts of the general’s mind. Starkiller is the name of the weapon they had discussed in the previous dream. This, then, comes before. But it’s just a dream , he tells himself, uneasy. Timelines don’t matter in a dream . And then, truly, nothing should matter save for the way Ren choses to step around him. One hand trails over his shoulderblades; the muscles of his back ripple beneath the heat of it, for all there is yet fabric between fingertip and skin. No words pass between the two now. It does not mean they fall to silence; Hux can feel something, but he is not part of it. The general and the knight speak, perhaps, mind to mind. Though Hux is perfectly aware Kylo can do the same thing, he has not been privy to it. There’s both regret and gratitude in that, even as he now senses a faint hint of amusement, the lightest breath of telepathic laughter. Hands spread around his waist, almost spanning its circumference as lips press over a quickening pulse. The buckle of his belt clicks undone even as no fingers come near it. The general’s eyes remain fixed upon the blade, resonant upon the air. And it moves – no, he moves. Pressure gathers in the air about him, electric upon his skin, gentling him upward. Hux’s stomach would have lurched, had it been truly his own; while familiar with weightlessness, both through training and mishaps born of living upon a starship, he has been planet-locked for nearly a decade. And this is no malfunction of a gravity drive. It is a man – and the man is very close, a hand upon one hip as the general rises. Bare feet point to the floor, toes just barely clearing it as a low chuckle rings in his ears. Now one hand skims over his jacket, slipping inside. Warm fingers press teasingly against his undershirt. The buttons are undone before his fingers even reach them. The fine control of it leaves Hux’s thoughts in turmoil; Ren’s attention is now stretched across so many places, and yet still it feels to be fixed entirely upon the general alone. His trousers and underclothes are pressed down first his thighs, then pulled over his feet; though both hands remain about his waist, they are whisked across the room and away. For what little Hux knows of the Force, it seems perhaps an inappropriate use for it. But he receives no sense of the strangeness of that – from either man. Instead this is simply how things are , for them. Ren lurks now as a hunter behind the general: and said general levitates perhaps an inch above the floor, utterly naked, eyes fixed upon a blade held still before his face only by the concentration of a foolish half-trained beast of a man. And yet, for all it should be degrading, should be terrifying: there is no fear. The general feels only calm, and perhaps the faintest hint of genuine amusement to be at the centre of Ren’s little game. Hux cannot tell if Ren has slipped off any more of his own clothing. It doesn’t seem to matter. Only one hand remains upon his waist; the other must be generating the slick sounds of a cock being worked to full stiffness. Then, the hand about his waist dips low. Fingertips trail over his ass before the fingers slip between his thighs, pressing them apart. But even as his hole tightens, the anticipation of touch and pressure bitter and acid-sweet, it does not come. Rather, the thickness of a slicked cock moves between his legs, and no more. Hux is already frowning inside. This act is not new to him. It fact it had been something he’d rather enjoyed in his younger years, when limits of time and circumstance prevented anything more complex. A warm tight place to slide a cock: that was all that was required, and often in the dark corners of his Coruscanti school, that was all he might be permitted. Involuntarily, almost, the general’s thighs tighten, holding him there: Ren’s hips press hard into his ass, keeping the general at a height that makes this motion and angle easiest for him. The general cannot protest this; it is pleasurable enough for him too, the fat head of the leaking cock passing over his perineum, the pressure spark-bright and so very welcome. But he stares forward, taking this as some kind of obscene challenge – and Hux cannot deny the thrill of it. A dark creature, between his legs, curled around his back: and the general himself stares death in the face while taking pleasure in every moment of it. And the crackle of the blade is a strange thing – a siren song, almost, beckoning him forward even as Ren’s desire anchors him to life. Hux has never seen one before. But the oddity of this one makes it ever more impossible to look away, even had the general permitted it. The blade is clearly unstable, the plasma roiling and spitting and vibrantly alive in a way no saber blade should ever be. Not even the strange vents either side of the hilt can temper such unbridled chaos. Now one hand moves about the general’s stiff jaw; blunt fingertips pass over his mouth, then press insistent between his lips. The general’s tongue moves, curls, relishes the salt-bitter taste of sweat, and something metallic beneath the oil-slick of the lubricant. Ren’s breath is harsh and rhythmic against his shoulder, in time with the thrust of his hips, the slide of the cock between his thighs. Then sharp teeth close over his shoulder, the great body behind him begins the shudder of climax approaching; the tremor of the blade before him twists the general’s lips into his first smile of the evening. It is a path opened before him, red and burning and welcome. The fingers in his mouth withdraw; dripping with spit, they move low, curling beneath the general’s balls as they brush over the place where Ren’s cockhead emerges from between his thighs. And there it waits, fingertips teasing and light over the underside of the general’s cock, until Ren gives a low choking gasp. The saber gives a warning tremble, and the general laughs as his own cock twitches, his body quite aflame with the fierce disaster of this moment. But the warmth between the general’s legs is but momentary; Ren curls his palm, filled now with his own release, and wraps it about the general’s hard cock. And there, he works it with his come-soaked hand even as the hips still jerk through the last of his orgasm. And then, he is withdrawing. But the hands remain: one still jerks the general in knowing rhythm; the other hand slips down between the general’s thighs, taking from them the slick he’d used to ease the way of his own cock. And then the two middle fingers are dragging over the perineum, burying themselves deep in the crease of his ass even as they tease over the hole within. A gasp, unintended, escapes the general’s tight throat. Ren gives a low chuckle, and then those same two fingers are returning, working in. “You like it this way?” Both Hux and the general stare down the blade of his weapon, the pathway cut clear to chaos and destruction. “You talk too much,” they say, almost in tandem; Ren’s laughter is a dark and delightful thing, damp against the skin of his racing carotid pulse. “So says the propaganda master of the First Order.” Ren’s teeth are all sharp promise and no denial as the words reverberate against his skin. “Perhaps I can put your mouth to better use?” With a twist of a hand, Ren performs a dark magic upon the general’s body; the other hand pumps his cock, drags him ever onwards. The general swallows back his shouts, but he cannot deny such pleasure; he comes hard, head arched back, saber clattering to the floor. And then Ren’s lips are on his, swallowing his gasping breath, making what he can of what the general will never easily give. Sweat-damp hair falls in his eyes as Ren leans back, turns him. And he’s still two inches above the floor, the two of them now eye to eye, and Ren’s body is pressed against him in one long trembling arc. “Did I win, general?” He tosses his head, hair flicked back from cold eyes. “Did I lose, knight?” And he grinds up into him, half-hard again already. “Perhaps this is how we are both the victor.” The faint laughter bubbles up from low in his chest, throaty and hoarse. “Such dreams you have, Ren,” he whispers, lips pressed to the salt-bitter of his leaping pulse. Already he is winding his legs around his waist, even as Ren’s fingers dip low, work over the sensitised muscle of his ass. “Why have dreams?” And his fingers slip in again with fierce promise, lips twisting as he grins, “When you and I, we can rework reality?” ***** After he awakened he spent a long time lying very still. There was precious little to stare at, besides the ceiling. Hux settled for it all the same. Only when his breathing had calmed, his cock gone soft and the nail-marks faded from his palms, did he rise. He looked neither left nor right, saw nothing except the dark as he padded to the ‘fresher. There, before the mirror, he filled the bowl, and pushed one, two, three cupped handfuls of ice water over his face. Then, dripping and silent, he at last met his own eyes. The harsh fluorescence of the light rendered him a strange and haggard thing. But Hux still recognised himself, somewhere in there. That was probably the worst thing about the entire experience. As he climbed back into bed, only the flash of his holopad gave the room any illumination: momentary and sharp, repeating like the blare of a siren. In the silence, Hux winced, but could not ignore it. A single message awaited him. He knew who it was by the stark letters alone. I NEED TO TALK TO YOU. Hux put it aside, and closed his eyes. He dreamed no more that night – but he suspected that was simply because he did not sleep again, either. ***** Despite the fact he couldn’t have overslept when he’d not been sleeping at all, Hux managed to be very nearly late to work the next morning. When he arrived in his shared office, he wished he’d had the sense just to call in poorly. A figure was hunched in his chair, fiddling with a datapad, refusing to look up even as Hux glared at him from across the room. The vague hilarity emanating from Rana and Sarir hardly made the situation any easier to bear. Only when it seemed perfectly apparent that Kylo would not rise, nor even acknowledge his presence, did Hux cross the room. And, indeed, Kylo didn’t even move until Hux kicked one leg of the chair. Shifting his weight, eyes still upon some brightly-rendered game he played upon the screen, Kylo snorted. “You’re ignoring me.” Though he would have taken great pleasure in cuffing Kylo about his stupid head, Hux kept both hands firmly clenched about his satchel. “Well, I’m not certain what you do all day, but the rest of us have actual jobs to do.” Tossing the datapad aside with the careless insouciance of one who didn’t have to pay for them, Kylo glared up at Hux from beneath the overlong ends of his fringe. “I need to talk to you.” The curiosity of his officemates almost burned his skin. Hux glanced to them, but even his best mind your own business glare hardly seemed to deter them a whit. Drawing a deep breath through his nose, he expelled it the same way, and tried to think of something other than murder and dismemberment. “Kylo,” he said, and decided he could be proud of the way he only sounded a little like he was going to stab someone. “Can we do this later?” Kylo frowned. “I had a dream about you, last night.” Glancing back to Rana and Sarir told him they were still staring, clearly amused. Scowling now, he turned back to his uninvited guest. “Kylo,” he said, this time through gritted teeth. “We’ll talk later, all right?” Leaning back in the chair, Kylo rolled his head towards Hux, pursed his lips together as his eyes took on a faraway sheen. “It was called the Finalizer .” For a moment, the world entire stopped. Hux did not. He felt as though he’d been thrown clear, was floating helpless and suffocating in the black vastness of space. “… what ?” Kylo closed his eyes. “And she’s very beautiful.” Steadying himself only by grasping on to Kylo’s shoulder, hard enough to bruise, he smiled around clenched teeth. “I have work to do.” And with a sigh Kylo pressed to his feet, Hux’s hand falling away. “I know.” And he ducked his head, met his eyes with dark demand. “But I needed to know you’d come and talk to me.” The headache that had been percolating since he’d woken after the dream gave a violent spike. Having Kylo so close only reminded him of the way Ren had laid hands upon the general, had worked him to release— How does Kylo know any of this? Because he knew. He would not be standing so close if he did not. And Hux swallowed hard, shook his head. “Later.” And he smiled, aching and forced. “We’ll talk about it later. I promise.” “So I’ll come back.” His hand was light upon his shoulder, though it could have weighed as much as a Resurgent-class Destroyer. And his breath shivered over his skin as he turned away on the last word. “ Later .” Taking his place at his desk, unable to watch Kylo leaving, Hux looked blindly to his work. How did he know ? Had he been poking around Hux’s head as he slept, voyeur upon his dreams? Or had he placed them there himself? Certainly Hux couldn’t believe such a thing impossible — “Well.” Rana leaned against his desk, one hand stroking over a lekka as she gazed appraisingly upon him. “That’s an interesting admirer you have there.” Hux reached for a datapad. “Actually, I think he’s insane.” “You were talking to him at the function last night.” Shifting her weight, smooth and slim beneath the short lines of her dress, she added thoughtfully, “And his mother.” “Only briefly.” He’d demand she leave, but he was aware of the rules of shared spaces. “Leia Organa is a busy woman.” “But she made time for you.” “She made time for her son .” “Who you were with,” she persisted, and Hux slammed his palms down upon the desk. She flinched, even as he glanced up with a perfectly serviceable smile. “Rana.” Carefully removing his hands from the desk, he folded them neatly on his lap, and relaxed his shoulders. “He saved my life. For some reason, he now believes that makes us friends.” And he smiled, even as he didn’t mean any of it. “He obviously hasn’t had many before.” “Have you?” And his voice had taken on the warmth and sound of the vacuum of space when he turned back to his work. “We’re not having this conversation.” And, fortunately, the desk hid the tremor of his hands. It didn’t make any of it better. It didn’t take back the words Kylo had said. The Finalizer. Though he went about his work as planned, Hux could not prevent his mind from turning the name over and over in his head, a secondary thought process that not even his careful discipline had any hope of suppressing. By day’s end he had only one real answer. Kylo waited for him, just outside the exit he usually took. In silence he fell into step at Hux’s side, leaving them walking together across the same courtyard they’d shared another evening. With a scowl, Hux caught sight of an empty bench, angled towards it. This was not the kind of conversation best had in public, perhaps. But then, he didn’t wish to be alone with Kylo, either. The moment they stood before it, apart from the crowd, he could wait no longer; Hux turned on him with a cold and furious snarl. “You put that dream in my head!” Kylo didn’t appear terribly surprised by the vehemence of Hux’s accusation, though he still scowled in clear displeasure at such display. “No, I didn’t.” Tossing his hands into the air was the only way in which Hux could resist the temptation to wrap them around Kylo’s throat. “Can we not play games?” “I thought you liked playing games.” And at the snarl this earned him, he snorted, rolled his eyes. “Because, I mean, if I told you anything about Chadri Dio, you could end your game with him right here and now. But no. You have to play .” “That’s not your concern.” If Hux spoke through gritted teeth, Kylo used little more than a child’s whine. “It is .” “Why?” he demanded. “Saving my life doesn’t make it suddenly yours.” He hadn’t been intending to strike any sort of blow with those words – and yet somehow, he had. Kylo had half-turned, face drawn and suddenly pale, eyes fixed upon the bench. “Can we sit down?” he asked, subdued in a way that almost made Hux regret his tone. “Please?” But then, it was impossible to regret his anger when Kylo dodged so coyly around the fact that he had somehow been in Hux’s head while he slept. Wrapped in his coat, Hux suppressed a faint shiver, though it wasn’t at all cold. And Kylo sat down heavily before him, looked up through what suddenly appeared little more than a child’s hurt eyes. “Hux. Please .” Hux wouldn’t have thought himself typically vulnerable to such attack, and yet he found himself taking his place at Kylo’s side all the same. Before them, people moved as a river, not a one of them casting a glance their way. Despite the fact that many would be making their way home, it struck him as unnatural. The charge of the air around Kylo made him impossible to ignore; it was as if he changed the very fabric of the universe simply by existing. It was not something his logical mind could accept. And yet, it did not make it any less true. “We talked about mind tricks,” he said, dull and flat. And Kylo sighed. “I didn’t put the dreams in your head.” Hux pursed his lips, stared straight ahead. “But you know about them.” And he sighed again, hunched forward over the fists balled in his lap. “Because I’m having them, too.” Leaving the whisper to stand, Hux continued to watch the ebb and flow of the crowd, feeling as though he’d been separated from them by some unseen barrier. He didn’t find the sensation particularly novel; even when he’d been in his true place, back in the First Order, he’d never really considered himself as one of the crowd. He’d held himself apart, distant. He’d always thought himself worth more than pure anonymity. “How do you know I have them?” he asked, at last. And Kylo gave a low laugh, did not look up. “Because of the way you looked at me after the first one.” He paused, shook his head quite suddenly, as if that sharp motion alone could rearrange the apparent chaos of his thoughts. “I could…hear it. Not your thoughts. Just…you. Remembering.” “Well, that’s not at all embarrassing.” Crossing one leg over the other, satchel balanced upon his lap, Hux glanced up towards the sky. It would be some time yet before the sun would set. “And I can’t say I believe you.” At last he glanced up, eyes narrowed, disbelieving. “Why would I lie?” “I hardly know you well enough to say.” Even Kylo couldn’t deny that simple a truth. By now his hands had moved forward, dug deep into the pockets of his own dark coat. “I’m not you in these dreams,” he said, moody and blackened as a little stormcloud. “I’m myself .” “How nice for you.” “ Hux .” While he was perfectly aware of being uncooperative and unreasonable, he didn’t appreciate being called out on it. “Well, perhaps if you’re not putting them in there, maybe you’re just picking up on my dreams,” he said, sharp and sudden, sitting up very straight as he turned a full glare upon Kylo. “Which would serve you right, frankly, for fishing around in my head uninvited.” And he only shook his head. “No.” “As if you wouldn’t do that sort of thing.” “That’s not what I meant,” he said, with a grimace. “I just…you’ve never seen my saber.” A frisson danced along his spine, settled low; he was abruptly glad he’d crossed his legs earlier. “What does that matter?” “The saber. In your dream.” Kylo was staring straight ahead, now, but his pale skin betrayed the faint flush rising from beneath the high collar of his coat. “Have you ever seen one like it before?” It felt to be a confession, to say as much aloud. “No.” And Kylo sighed, even as Hux turned the memory over in his own mind. He already knew what Kylo spoke of; even those with only a cursory knowledge of the Jedi knew that the most common blade was a simple hilt, and a single blade. The lateral vented crossguard was peculiar and overwrought and unnecessary, if only the weapon had been constructed properly from the beginning. “Nobody else has a saber like mine.” Something close to sorrow resonated beneath Kylo’s words when he glanced over. “I can promise you that.” But he did not offer to show it to him now. Hux might have asked how Kylo knew he did not need to, if he himself didn’t know why. And then he spoke, though the words sounded weak to his own ears; he could give no true strength to a counter argument he could not believe in. “You don’t even know we’ve had the same dream.” “I could feel you.” Kylo raised a hand, waved it, let it fall. “Behind the general. I could see you.” “I couldn’t see you.” “But you weren’t looking for me.” Yes, I was . Perhaps Kylo heard the thought; perhaps he did not. Either way Hux said nothing more. Instead he had returned to staring at the people, the fractal movement of their lives, individual and shared, spanning before him in a great singular movement. “So, sharing dreams with strangers,” he said, flat, harsh. “Is that considered normal?” “We’re hardly perfect strangers,” Kylo replied, though he didn’t argue the point. “It’s not unknown,” he added instead, and when Hux glanced over it was to find his expression both cagey, and watchful. Apparently, even with the Force to call upon, Kylo was a poor liar indeed. “What does that mean, then?” he asked, then. “For us, I mean?” “ Us ?” The way Kylo curled his tongue around the noun made Hux regret ever speaking it aloud – but then, surely, it had been inevitable. Apparently Kylo had seen, too, the two of them together. Kylo must have known of the way that the other man had waited for the general. Had prepared himself, for the general. And Hux swallowed hard, looked away. But still his hand tingled, the remembered heat of scarred skin beneath his palms: a rigid spine, arcing beneath his fingers. Ren . “Ren.” Hux started as Kylo said the name aloud; it resonated with sharp distaste, and something more he could not hope to describe. “My name was Kylo Ren.” And Hux stiffened. “That means something to you.” Again, something shifted about Kylo; an uneasiness in his aura, as if it fought against the very fabric of reality itself. And then, his shoulders sagged, his voice low. “It’s a Jedi ghost story. If you want to give it even that much credit.” He glanced up, oddly weary. “The Knights of Ren.” The shiver coursed through what seemed his body entire; his blood alight with the memory of hands on skin. (Did I lose, knight? ) “Are they the ones who come in the night, to spirit off naughty Jedi children?” Hux asked, voice rougher than he’d intended. And Kylo, now with his arms wrapped oddly about his middle, stared off into the distance and snorted with clear disdain. “If by spirit away you mean disembowel and dismember , then yes.” “Was Anakin Skywalker a Knight of Ren?” That earned him a very black look indeed. “He was a Sith , Hux.” “Sorry.” Though he wasn’t. “It just reminded me of a story I’d heard about him.” From the way Kylo’s look blackened further, Hux felt himself very close to discovering exactly what they taught the apprentices in Jedi school about hand to hand combat. Leaning back on the bench, he tried for deflection instead. “So they’re not Sith, then?” For a long moment, with those dark eyes fixed upon him, Hux suspected Kylo was about to up and hit him anyway. Then he sighed, looked to the ground. “Not as I’d understand it,” he muttered, low enough that Hux had to strain to make it out. “Bearing in mind they don’t exactly teach you about the Sith at Jedi school.” “They probably should.” Again, Kylo gave him a disbelieving look; he only shrugged. “Forewarned is forearmed.” To his considerable surprise, Kylo didn’t argue the point. “The Jedi much preferred to stick their heads in the sand over these things,” he said, very wry. “But no, I don’t think they’re Sith. They’re a group of Force users, to begin with; Sith work by the rule of two.” “Master, and apprentice.” “Yes.” He leaned back, gave him a long and considering look. “So they teach you about the Sith in fascist school, then?” “Shut up, Kylo.” His sudden grin was wide, brilliant, and it actually very nearly hurt . “How am I supposed to tell you about the Knights of Ren if I shut up?” And the grin faded somewhat, head tilting to one side as he gave him a considering look. “Although I could put the information straight into your brain.” “ No .” “You’d like it.” And before Hux could list off a thousand reasons why he very much wouldn’t, he said, “It’s quick. Efficient. Comprehensive.” “Kylo. This isn’t helping your case, that you didn’t just stick these stupid dreams into my head for fun.” With an exaggerated sigh Kylo leaned back, keeping his balance upon the bench despite the fact very little of his body remained in contact with it. The long lines of his body thus revealed, Hux averted his gaze. It could but remind him of how Ren had pressed himself against the general, leaving Hux himself with only the odd and unusual feeling of distinct shame. And Kylo gathered himself again, though he still didn’t sit up straight. “They’re mercenaries, so far as I remember hearing. The group answers only to the Master Knight, but they can associate themselves with whoever the Master takes contract with.” Again, the subject seemed to bring an odd change in him, the strange ease of but a moment ago now quite evaporated. “They haven’t been heard of in a long time,” he added, though the oddity of his tone suggested again to Hux that he was lying. “Like I said, there are stories. But nothing recent – and by recent, I mean in the last three or four hundred years.” The thought prickled at the edge of his mind, sudden and fierce and deeply uncomfortable. “No Force user can become immortal, can they?” “Not that I know of.” Kylo’s thick brows furrowed. “Of course, Emperor Palpatine wanted to be.” The corners of his lips quirked up as he looked at Hux from beneath startlingly long eyelashes. “I don’t think it worked out for him, though.” Hux ignored that. “ Kylo Ren .” The name felt odd upon his tongue; poisoned, almost. As if the addition of one single syllable had taken the boy before him, and made of him the kind of man who brought down chaos and disorder upon the galaxy entire. “So, they change their first name to some form of praenomen, the Ren is used as some sort of shared nomen, then?” A shrug, light and careless – and entirely manufactured, Hux thought. “I suppose so. I don’t really know . Like I said, it’s not something they test us on. We all just told each other stupid stories to scare each other in the night. You know, like kids do.” Hux didn’t bother to temper the sour note of his next words. “You’d know. You’re still a kid.” Annoyance flowed down over his features like sudden downpour, eyes turned to dark stormclouds. “No, I’m not.” Hux had to look away, again – and not because Kylo in a snit was at all impressive. His mind had instead helpfully supplied the memory of one large hand, curled about his own cock while the dark eyes had held his own complete prisoner. Every motion had been knowing, and sure. That had been no child. “I hope you don’t tell Rey these stupid stories,” he said, voice slightly hoarse; Kylo thankfully appeared not to notice, rolling his eyes skyward even as he stretched out his long legs before him. “Why not? She loves them.” Resisting the urge to bury his head in his hands, Hux looked across the city instead. “They really should start sterilising Jedi. You just can’t be trusted around children.” “In theory Jedi shouldn’t have to be sterilised. And I’m not a Jedi.” Then, in a voice peculiar for all the wrong reasons, Kylo added, “Don’t worry. I don’t plan on having children. Ever.” “The galaxy no doubt breathes a sigh of relief.” Perhaps he’d overstepped a boundary; Kylo had certainly fallen to moody silence, staring at the hands held between his knees. Hux had no intention of apologising, but the silence grew long and strained between them. Then, Kylo glanced up, eyes sheened with the bruised-purple shade of the sky above them both. “The thing is, Hux, you didn’t know anything about the Knights of Ren before.” “As far as I know , I didn’t,” he corrected; though his voice remained easy enough, he recrossed his legs in the opposite direction, hands tightening upon the edge of the bench. “Perhaps I heard some stupid ghost story too. When I was young and impressionable.” “Were you ever either of those things?” The sheer disbelief in Kylo’s voice almost made him laugh. Hux kept it to himself. “One does wonder,” he muttered, already clearing his throat. “Were you scared of them?” At the look Kylo gave him, he pushed harder. “The Knights of Ren?” “I wasn’t.” But the emphasis on the second word did not match what Hux might have expected; before he could seek clarification Kylo threw up his hands, shook his head. “Look, I just…” But he said no more, subsiding into silence. The odd look upon his face rendered him young, nearly vulnerable. Hux could not meet that gaze for long. “Are they visions of the future?” he asked, abrupt. “No.” But for all the mirrored immediacy of that reply, Kylo remained distant still. “No, I don’t think so. Not like…” “Like?” When Kylo met his gaze now, he only shrugged. “I should talk to my uncle.” “You haven’t already?” The accusation had little power over him now, it seemed. “I needed to make sure you had them too,” he said. Hux opened his mouth to argue with his logic, closed it when he realised he could not. And then he considered exactly what Kylo had said, fingers curling to fists even as he felt colour flooding into his cheeks. “Are you…” Kylo regarded him with an inscrutable expression; Hux scowled, tried again, found the words in a cold and tight voice. “Are you going to tell him everything?” “ Everything ?” The flush was now more anger than embarrassment. “Don’t be an arse, Kylo.” From the odd grin he wore, Kylo considered doing just that. Then, it faded – like sunbeams, cut off by gathering stormcloud. “No,” he said, “No, it’s not for him.” Shifting, as if suddenly uncomfortable in his body, Kylo stretched out his legs. “That was for us.” Hux didn’t try to keep his eyes off those long legs, this time. He’d quickly recognised Ren as being Ben Solo, when he’d seen his face – but even then, Ren was older, his body more refined. Kylo was still in adolescence; there was still time for him to grow into the body that still did not quite fit. “You say that like someone wanted us to see these dreams,” he said eventually, slow. And Kylo drew his legs back, gave him a look so pitying Hux wanted nothing more than to kick him in the teeth. “It’s the Force.” The simple true belief of that proclamation had Hux turning away. And behind him, Kylo only sighed. “I should go,” he said, slow. “But…” Hux glanced back. “What?” “Before I go.” One hand rose, bridged the space between them; Hux jerked back, and Kylo grimaced. “Can I…can we…” “ Kylo .” “Just once.” While it had been meant as a clear demand, instead, it came out in a pleading desperate rush. “I just want to know .” The very thought of it left Hux weary and wary both. “This is probably why your father doesn’t like me.” “No, he doesn’t like you because you’re the son of imperialist scum and every time he looks at me he remembers how my grandfather was the attack dog of Palpatine and had him frozen in carbonite.” And he smiled very brightly, if utterly without sincerity. “The only scum I’m allowed to socialise with is rebel scum.” “He’s involved with the Resistance, then?” Kylo snorted. “He’s a smuggler , Hux. He goes wherever smugglers are needful.” This he offered without reserve, though the undercurrent of bitterness was clear enough for any who would care enough to notice. “And while there would no doubt be work in Coruscant, I think the cargo would be too high class for his tastes. He’d prefer a cargo of rathtars over some fluffy little hybrid thing destined for a lady’s purse.” “Is it going in the purse, or is it making the purse?” Kylo stared at him. Hux couldn’t be overly surprised; it was rare enough that he’d attempt to make a joke, let alone expect to succeed at one. “I suppose that depends on how yappy it is,” he said, very slow, and then rolled his eyes. “I’m serious, Hux.” The great body angled closer – too close, by half. “May I?” And he withdrew, just enough. “Well, I don’t know. You’re pretty yappy yourself.” “ Hux .” “Kylo.” It should not have required saying. And yet, Kylo’s dark eyes forced it out of him all the same. “Kylo, you’re seventeen years old.” The challenge in his eyes and in his voice should have made him laugh. “And?” And yet Hux only felt so very tired. “And, I’m twenty-two.” “That’s only five years.” He hadn’t expected Kylo to understand. That didn’t mean he hadn’t hoped he would. Hope had never been his personal strongpoint, but it didn’t mean it was impossible for him to feel it. “Five years is a long time between adolescence and early adulthood,” he began, and Kylo snorted. “That rich man’s wife you whore yourself out to – she’s old enough to be your mother .” “And saying things like that – it’s somehow supposed to make me want to kiss you more ?” “I…” Despite the short time they’d known each other, Hux had realised very early on the mercurial bent of Kylo’s temper. Never had it seemed so obvious as now, as he lowered his head to his hands, entire body curling in upon itself. “I…” And he shuddered. “Hux. I can’t stop thinking about it.” “Kylo.” Hux almost managed to be gentle in his advice, despite the fact he barely knew how to take it himself. “You’d be best just to let it go.” “I don’t want to.” It should have been utterly unattractive. Instead, it tugged at him, made him want to draw closer yet even as he inched away. “Whatever these dreams are…they aren’t us.” Kylo glanced up, eyes dark, expression pale and wild. “But they could be.” “Do you really believe that?” Kylo continued to stare – and they were really such very dark eyes. So very different to what he’d known in the dreams. One hand raked back through his hair; a nervous gesture rarely permitted in private, let alone in public. He knew it for a mistake even before he spoke the words loud. “We can’t do it out here.” “That’s fine.” Already Kylo had taken to his feet, eyes somehow both bright and dark, all at once. “I know a place.” Without even looking back to see if Hux followed, Kylo strode away. Some childish part of him wanted to turn, to take the escape where it was offered. And yet Hux only followed, quickening his step until he drew level with him. That was itself a peculiar sensation; in this they seemed to walk in the footsteps of the general and the knight, striding together through the corridors of their great starship. Hux held his silence on all fronts, but the roiling psychic energy coming off Kylo hurt , even to a non-sensitive such as himself. Kylo led them back into the capitol buildings, but not to any area Hux knew. The Corellian embassy was somewhere this way, but Kylo turned their path downstairs; these were the old archives, cleared out but unused since the days of the Jedi. Choosing a door seemingly at random, Kylo keyed the panel, stepped in first. Hux followed, and as the door swung closed Kylo gave no chance for speech, catching Hux’s face between his own and fiercely pushing their mouths together. It was wet and sloppy and inexpert – but Kylo crowded him up against the door, and when Hux steadied himself with both hands pressed flat against his chest, he could feel hard muscle and a pounding heart. And he kissed back, tasted caf and mint, found his lips wide and soft and invitingly easy to bite. But Hux did not. He drew back even as Kylo pushed forward, turning his face away with eyes tightly closed, gasping for breath. From this short encounter, he could draw two rapid conclusions: one, Kylo had never done this before. And secondly, following close on the heels of the first: a wave of possessiveness that kicked the breath from his lungs more surely than the clumsy kiss ever could have. No-one else can have this. And the second time, when Kylo pressed their bodies together and took another kiss uninvited, Hux found instead the taste of ash and dust. Already Kylo had grown bolder, drawing on some experience that was not technically his own; he kissed like he was a knight, and Hux was his general, and this was the world that they could unmake and reshape to their fierce and furious will. Even as their hips pressed together, the evidence of arousal already undeniable and worsening, Hux pursed his lips, twisted his head away. Kylo followed, lips half-opened on a snarl, seeking his out; Hux caught him about the chin, held him still as he looked into eyes turned black and wild. Some part of him trembled to see it. The rest of him remained very still, and very cold. “Stop,” he said, clear as ice. And Kylo only shook his head free, latching his lips upon his throat. “Kylo, stop it .” And then, as teeth closed upon his skin: “ Ben .” He did stop. But it was no true halt – it was the moment of calm as the storm crossed its centre. Utter fury erupted from deep within the tremor of his great body, the large hands closing on his shoulders, shoving him up and against the wall. Held immobile, Hux could not move: and before him, hair a dark tangle and eyes twinned black holes in his too-pale face, Kylo was an alien thing. Alien, and yet still so familiar. “That’s not my name ,” he hissed, low and pulsing, and Hux’s eyes narrowed to perfect slits. He remembered the general. He remembered his easy command, the way he moved with confidence and power through the halls of his destroyer, above the plains of his superweapon. “Kylo.” And he twisted his lip to a sneer. “Put me down or I will never speak to you ever again.” Kylo did let go – and the horror that spread across his face was nothing of the knight they had dreamed of. Already Hux’s shoulders ached with bruises yet unseen, and when Kylo reached forward, he turned away. “You need to go.” He managed to speak with a voice both pleading and demanding all at once. “ Hux .” “No.” His hands shook where he smoothed them out over tunic and trousers, though he would not have named it fear. Rather, it was a fierce shot of adrenaline, urging him on to foolishness that could not be undone, if indulged. And Hux straightened his back, reached out for the door panel. “I will not allow my destiny to be dictated by anything as ephemeral and inexact as dreams.” Kylo’s hand closed over his, fingers clammy where they tangled in his own. “I’m not a dream,” he said, rough and desperate, yanking him backward. “I’m real.” And his arms curled about him from behind, drew him back against that hard body. “Hux. I’m here .” That had become more a plea than any sort of statement. Even as Hux yanked himself free his body whispered slyly of how good it would feel – to turn back, to move forward. To press himself against the other and take what Kylo would surely never deny. Hux kept his hands to himself. “If you’re not going to let me leave,” he said, very flat, “then you should be the one to go.” “I could leave this room,” he agreed; Kylo had tilted his chin high, eyes fixed and staring. “But I’ll never leave you.” “Somehow, I wouldn’t expect you to.” And he waved one hand at the doorway. “Good night, Kylo.” But even as Kylo bent his head, moving towards the door, Hux knew the true horror of it wasn’t the creature he’d felt, in Kylo’s mind. It was that he wanted to see it again. And of course, it could never be so easy. Kylo stopped at the door, glanced back. Hux wanted nothing so much to tell him to get lost. But those dark eyes were as the event horizon of twinned dying stars, ever calling him onward to his ending. “There was something wrong with me,” he said, sudden and low. “When I was a kid.” “There’s still something wrong with you now.” When he smiled, he actually meant it. “Sorry.” Rather than taking actual offense, Hux sensed only some great wellspring of sadness from Kylo. And his dark gaze had wandered somewhere above Hux’s head, fixing upon a shelf of ancient books as he sighed, said soft, “Rey’s mother fixed it.” Even without a name, the mention of her was an invocation, sending a rich and sparking shiver down his own spine. “Where is Rey’s mother?” With shoulders now hunched forward, Kylo looked nothing if not very young, and very tired. “I don’t know.” “What’s her name?” “I don’t know .” And he crossed his arms over his chest, feeling the rabbit-quick beat of his own heart. “No wonder Jedi have intimacy issues.” That made him scoff. “She’s not a Jedi. Though she’s strong in the Force.” And he glanced up to him at last, hand hovering but a moment from the door panel. “She has red hair, actually. Like yours. Well, darker, and longer, but still.” And his expression turned featureless, unreadable. “Maybe that’s why I wanted you. Because you reminded me of her.” Hux’s fingers tightened about his own arms. “You saved me, Kylo. Not the other way around.” “For now.” His hand slammed down hard enough on the panel to break it. “Good night, Hux.” He shook his head, sighed. “Good night, Kylo.” With the panel sparking and cracked, the door could not close. As he leaned back against the nearest bookshelf, Hux pressed the heel of one hand to his aching forehead and supposed it made sense enough. Given the conversation they’d just shared, he suspected there was no way of undoing whatever it was they’d now opened between them, either. Chapter 3 Notes: So, as it turns out: I am still writing this thing! It's both terrifying and rather lovely, because I realise it's a bit too weird to really make much sense, or have much general appeal, but...my brain wants to know where this is going. And the comments I've been left so far have been so generous and so wonderful, and I just...thank you. <3 Writing is a lonely business indeed, and it's nice to have you along. In other news, as I was pretending to read this over earlier I was listening to the Romeo + Juliet OST of yesteryear and laughing because I used to write badfic to the same soundtrack back in the nineties. Ah, how some things never change. With that said, there's a lovely line from a song in there that just suits these two down to the ground: see I'll give you the stars, from the bruised evening sky, in a crown of jewels for your head, now . Ah, those Emperor!Hux feels. They never do die, do they. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “I need to return to Uyter.” His smile felt painted on, but then he’d mastered the art of it a long time ago. Bowing forward from the waist, Hux straightened, smiled wider. “Then I wish you a pleasant trip.” It would hardly be the first time she had returned to her homeworld while he’d been on her staff, though she went but rarely. It still stung in a way he had not expected, deep and reaching and dark. Gillen’s own face remained still, thoughtful. “I would like you to come with me.” “I…” Clearing his throat only just returned him mastery over the tremor of his words. “You know I cannot.” “It can be arranged.” This time, the strange lump in his throat made it very nearly impossible for him to speak at all. “Please don’t tease me.” She rose from behind the desk with all the grace of the morning sun, stepped easily around its long length to stand before him. “Brendol,” she said, pale eyes searching, watchful. “Why would I tease you?” How he wished to look away. But he had been trained to military precision, honed to a careful point. And so he met her eyes, said simple, honest: “I can’t imagine they would allow it.” “Because of your father?” For the first time he saw a flicker of genuine dislike across her lovely features; in that, he knew he was doomed. “I know you live in the shadow of his deeds – and misdeeds, as it were.” When she stepped closer, away from the windows, she herself fell to the dark; her eyes, once so blue, now burned as dark as Kylo’s own. “But in the end, he is only a small person,” she said, low, fierce. “You could be something so much bigger. More important. And you do not deserve to be held back, simply because of the choices he made for you.” Saying the words aloud very nearly hurt. But he could not deny her, not when she seemed a warrior upon the verge of battle. “I would like to go.” “Then I will see what can be arranged.” The sudden gentle smile mirrored the softness of her words, their texture and tone as soft as a mother’s lullaby. “You can be more than what this life has given you, Hux,” she murmured. And then when she stepped back, into the light, her eyes burned brilliant blue once more. “But then, I didn’t really need to tell you that.” The strong presence over him had his face cast down, fingers tangled before his hips. “Perhaps not.” “Perhaps.” She’d drifted away now, to the next set-up of her great desk. One trailing hand drifted over stocks of holopads and flimsi, eyes quick and calculating. “You’ve been associating with Senator Organa’s son.” His eyes snapped up from where they followed her hands. “I – yes.” At the raised, half-amused eyebrow he received, he bit down on his irritation. “It’s…a personal thing. Not a professional one.” And then, simply for relevance and sake of completion: “I’ve barely met the senator herself.” With that easy elegance so inherent to personality and form, Gillen seated herself in her chair, smoothed out the lines of her long gown. “It’s not that I disapprove, Brendol,” she said, and the small quirk of her lips was the closest he’d ever seen her to laughing. “I was simply curious.” Though it could only be poor form to avert his eyes now, Hux could not meet hers; the tips of his ears burned as he glanced to the window, to the shifting city beyond. “He’s a strange child.” “But not so young as all that, surely.” Now his cheeks had taken on high colour. “It depends on the topic of conversation.” “Oh?” Turning back to her at last, he smoothed his hands over his tunic, wished he had something to distract his hands with: holopad, teacup, stylus. “In some things, he is…very young.” Swallowing, regaining composure, he added, wry, “In others, not so much.” Gillen herself had set about a holoprojector; upon her desk, a small scale projection of Uyter itself had appeared, begun to rotate. Though she said nothing, did not even glance to it, the clear temptation of it almost hurt his eyes to look at. “You say it is personal,” she said, very soft, her homeworld reflected in her pale eyes. Taking a breath, deep and low, Hux let it go on a count of ten, and did not smile. “He saved my life. That’s all it is.” “It could be professional.” That almost earned a sharp bark of laughter; had he not been in her very office, with its warm rich panelling and golden light spilling from the scattered lamps, he might have indulged. “He’s not a political animal, if that is what you are meaning.” And then his eyes narrowed, head lightly shaking. “Which isn’t to say he’s entirely ignorant of what goes on around him. He’s Leia Organa’s son, after all.” Gillen rose again, moving towards the great windows. Though she stood with her back to him, he sensed of her no dismissal; as a moth drawn to flame he came to her side, stood silent there. The city lay spread before them both, laid out across the entire land surface of the planet in endless cancerous growth even as they stood here at its centre, upon its very beating heart. “Do you speak much with Senator Organa?” She hummed lightly, then shook her head. “Not often. While our goals are not unrelated, we only have small things in common.” The sidelong glance she gave him was that of a conspirator; it twisted Hux’s heart into forms he had not known were possible. “She’s a very interesting woman.” “I met her,” he said, too quick, a child seeking a parent’s approval. One eyebrow arched, curious and careful. “At the gala?” “Yes.” A thousand words curled upon the tip of his tongue, tangled and twisted; with great difficulty he teased them apart, used that gift of the silvertongue that his many years of oratory had given him. “I…I hadn’t known much of the Force, before I met Kylo. Ben. Ben Solo.” One hand, bare of jewellery, rose to adjust the high collar of her robe; her head had tilted towards him, and he drew an uncertain breath. “He prefers to be called Kylo.” That small smile grew but a little wider, and he gave a little huffing chuckle of his own. “No, I don’t know why. But it feels easier to humour him.” “It’s only humouring him?” His eyes flicked to the floor; while he often could control the flush of his traitorous skin around other people, Gillen had always made herself the exception. “I can feel the Force in him. At least, I presume it’s the Force. He’s not like other people.” “And neither is his mother.” Briefly, he closed his eyes. But to think of her permitted no darkness; he could remember only light, harsh and bright and true. “No.” When at last he looked to her again, it was to find her in quiet contemplation, long fingers pressed to her chin and one elbow cupped in the opposite palm. It left her lovely as a sculpture, high upon her plinth, well beyond his reach. “Would you like to meet him?” “No.” As if from a dream she stirred at his question, gave him an oddly melancholy look. “No, I don’t think it’s necessary.” “That might be for the best.” In truth, Hux could not imagine what they might have spoken of; Nahani Gillen was the calm core of the galaxy, where Kylo could not help but be the chaotic outworlds upon the twisted distant rim. But he frowned, offered the one thing Kylo had mentioned. “He did speak of her wishing to step down as the Senator of Corellia. To become an independent.” “Yes. There are those of us who have heard this.” Now cupping both elbows, Gillen returned her attention to the city, eyes shuttered and dark. “Leia Organa worries for the safety of the New Republic.” Hux blinked. “From what?” “The First Order, of course.” He had never really grown accustomed to hearing that name upon the lips of those born and bred to the New Republic. Where he’d grown to adolescence, it had been a mantra, a touchstone: two words that promised safety and security and a new world order where all might reach the potential assigned to them. On the lips of the Republic, it became a coarse, filthy thing: an invocation of greed and ruin and selfish desire. But Gillen spoke it simply. And he inclined towards her, a sudden headache behind his eyes, his heart aching with every beat even when he knew not why that should be. “But there are trade restrictions. Disarmament treaties. Peace accords.” While permitted little information, his father’s restrictions could not take the holonet from Hux. “The New Republic has a chokehold on their operations,” he continued, and still did not know why it hurt to say so aloud. “They’ve been driven to the Unknown Regions, and so far as anyone knows, they’ll never move beyond their fiefdom there. They simply can’t access the resources, or the manpower. So what matter have they to the core words?” Still she looked forward, voice lovely and low. “Was that your experience of them, Brendol?” This time he couldn’t hold back the bitter laughter. “I was a child .” In truth, he’d never cared much for Coruscant. As he turned his eyes out to the city now, saw it hunched before him like a lurking half-slumbering beast, he knew he’d have despised it even had it not become his prison. “They wanted my father for that information. Not me.” “Perhaps.” She shifted beside him, ever light upon her unseen feet. “They do not speak of these things openly, but the First Order has more influence in the Unknown Regions than the Senate can hope to control. Or so says Senator Organa.” He could feel her gaze shifting to him now. “And you know yourself, Senator Organa knows things that others might not.” “Well. It’s another good reason to take the Senate to Uyter.” Turning from the city, leaving it resolutely at his back, Hux folded his hands at the small of his back and looked unblinking towards her. “Putting the core worlds between us and the Unknown Regions could but be a boon.” Her own gaze had returned to the city, shuttered and dark. “Perhaps.” Despite the silence that followed, Hux could mark no true end of their conversation. Clearly his throat, he spoke with the clipped deference learned at the knee of a commandant, at the edge of an army. “Senator.” “Yes, Brendol?” And yet, he knew he sounded as a child speaking of strangely-wrought shadows when he asked it. “Have they really grown so powerful?” Gillen was a high ranking senator, as they went. But even she could not be privy to all that went on within these halls. “In truth – nobody can know for certain,” she said, careful. “But Senator Organa and those of her circle feel the time has come for us to find out.” Something like excitement, something like fear; both sensations warred in his chest, having long since taken his heart harsh prisoner. Hux had observed Leia’s coiled power for but a scarce moment. It had been enough. Hux knew that Organa would not move thus for no reason – and that few indeed could hope to stand against her in full flame. With a nod, he said only, “I see.” “But you need not worry.” Her hand rested warm upon his, the unadorned fingers long and gentle. “You’re one of my own, now. You shall come with me to Uyter, and leave this place behind.” And when he smiled, it was as easy as gentle as the lost smiles of his earliest child, in the dismal moors of half-forgotten Arkanis. “I would like that.” “Good day then, Brendol.” And when he left her, he actually had hopes that it actually might be. ***** There was no Kylo waiting for him outside the Senate this time. Hux took a transport to the house alone, and in a certain kind of blessed peace. Kylo managed to startle him all the same; when Hux drew close to the house it was to find a dark figure hunched outside, sulking upon the steps that led up to the great building at his bowed back. Hux stood before him, silent for a long moment, not knowing who ought to speak first. Then he sighed, and gave up entirely on ever understanding Kylo’s dramatics. “Is something wrong?” Though he stared at the ground, Hux didn’t need to see Kylo’s face to recognise the scowl he wore. “My mother can’t come to dinner tonight, either.” A sharp disappointment flared, though he snuffed it out a moment later; it was not as if he’d really thought she would discuss her suspicions of the First Order with him. Leia Organa had been called many things in her time; an outright fool had never been one of them. “That’s fine.” When this earned him no reply, he peered around Kylo to the front door, shifted his weight in his work shoes. “So, am I disinvited now?” “I – no.” Having looked up at last, Kylo now wore an expression halfway between mutinous and uncertain. “I just thought maybe you wouldn’t want to come after all. If she wasn’t here.” “So you’re out here to – what? Drag me inside? Kick my ass if I try to leave?” “I don’t know .” The restless energy that always coiled inside him burst free now; as Hux stood very still, Kylo began to pace with long fierce strides; five in one direction, four in the other. He’d made the return journey perhaps four furious times before Hux sighed, resisting the urge to drag his hand through his hair. “Kylo.” It didn’t stop him. “I’m not angry. Your mother is a very busy woman. I understand that.” At that he pulled up short, his shout enough to reverberate around what felt to be the entire cul de sac. “She promised she’d be here!” The guards at the gate averted their eyes, said nothing to even each other, Hux noticed. It had him rolling his eyes to realise they apparently found nothing unusual in the senator’s son throwing a fit out on the street, though Hux knew enough of soldiers to recognise clear tension in the way they stood. “Where’s Rey?” Kylo’s entire form shuddered, as if the quickfire subject change had moved through him like electric shock. “What? Why?” “I just want to know: are we all having dinner together, or is it completely cancelled?” Already he was reaching for his holopad, brow creased as he began to mentally make a checklist. “Because if so, we could all go out. Find some little diner, treat your cousin to something fried in grease and lathered in hot sauce.” The way Kylo looked him up and down might have been insulting, had it not been Ben Organa Solo on the other end of the incredulous disbelief. Those dark eyes drank deep of the neat pressed lines of his clothing, the smart little satchel, the perfect coiffure of his hair. And then he all but threw his hands into the air. “Do you even know what a real diner is ?” Hux’s gaze held unblinking, took no prisoners. “Try me.” From the sudden glint in his own eyes, Kylo would have taken the challenge at a running start. Then his shoulders slumped as he turned back to the house. “The kitchens have already got dinner made. Or mostly made. I think my mother would throw a fit if she knew that not only was dinner ruined by her not showing up, but that I didn’t let you eat what she’d prepared for you.” Even as he slid the holopad back into his satchel, that gave him pause – and an uncomfortable one, curling and uncurling low in his gut. “She made it?” “No, but she called your office. Found out your favourite meals.” And by the way Kylo wouldn’t meant his eyes, the unspoken words felt almost shouted – because I couldn’t tell her what they were . “Kylo.” His headache, the one that so often seemed to flare around the younger man, began a brief staccato beat behind his eyes. “Just: whatever you want. We’ll do that.” For a long moment he continued to sulk, staring off into the middle distance like some fool hero contemplating his journey in the worst kind of holomovie tripe. And then his head snapped round, eyes far too bright for their dark colour. “I want to show you my saber.” Hux folded his arms across his chest. “You’re underage.” “No, my actual saber. Lightsaber, even. Kriff, Hux, you’re such an old pervert.” Then, his generous lips curved into something devilish and demanding. “Although, if you want to see—” “Just – no. Stop it.” Stepping past Kylo, he could at least be glad he’d bullied his flush into not rising this time. “Let’s go inside.” This time Kylo guided him deeper into the house than ever before; they’d taken the wide staircase upwards, quick and mirrored in their steps. Even as Hux kept easy pace with him, he could not quash the fear that Kylo might going to lead him to his bedroom. That would be too much, indeed; the very thought of it clenched his stomach to something the size of a treenut, hard and heavy in his gut. But Kylo instead turned away from the wing that presumably housed the family’s sleeping quarters. At the far end of its opposite number, he guided them into a great room that Hux could not quite hide his shock at. In these mansions built for senators, it had presumably been designed as some sort of boardroom, one that might double as a small ballroom for more intimate functions. Leia Organa had had it made over into a training salle instead. The floors had been stripped back to wood, then lined with soft mats. The walls had received much the same treatment, save for where tall weaponracks stood, neatly stacked with wooden training implements and clean towels. Kylo held up a hand just across the threshold, eyes narrowed. “Wait here a second,” he said, already toeing at his foot with the other as he glanced only ahead. “And take your shoes off.” Kylo had loped across the room, disappearing into an attached room before Hux could even think to reply. A moment later, he did as asked; while he hadn’t been raised to take orders the likes of which Kylo might offer, he was not a man to deny logic where it was warranted. Tucking his socks into his shoes, he then padded barefoot out into the centre of the room. There, he frowned; shedding his heavier outercoat, he returned to the racks. There he laid it, folded neatly, beside his shoes with their toes pointed to the wall. Only then did he move back to the centre. With spine straight, and chin tilted upward, he closed his eyes, breathed deep and low. In and out. Slow and knowing. “You train?” Opening his eyes, Hux swallowed hard. Kylo stood not three feet from him, his approach having been quite unheard and unfelt. He was also barefoot, and stripped to a sleeveless undershirt with loosely-cinched trousers hung low on his hips. A good mass of his hair had been tied back, though the front was too short, falling into his eyes with reckless abandon. Hux had made a terrible mistake. “Relax.” Kylo’s grin was far too wide, far too easy. “I’m not going to throw it at you.” The fierce flush up his cheeks was his body’s cruellest betrayal. But Kylo thankfully was not even looking at him; instead, his long fingers had closed thoughtful about the hilt where it clipped to the loop of his trousers. For a long moment he held it still. And then he pulled it free, turned; his arm extended, expression almost shy. “Do you want to see it?” His engineer’s mind carolled with fierce and entirely childish delight; in this Hux wanted nothing more than to take it in his hands, and then all to pieces. But his hands, he kept firmly folded behind his back. “Show it to me.” He had not quite meant it that way: a low order, demanding and unable to be denied. A shiver moved clear down Kylo’s spine, his eyes darkening, the edges of his smile sharpening to clear point. “You might want to take a step backwards.” Hux, spine straight and fingers curled tight together, did not move. “I’m fine.” That earned him a low snort, but an odd fondness softened the strangeness of his earlier mad grin. “Whatever you like, general.” “Don’t call me that.” The whipcrack words did not deter him. Instead, his eyes glittered with something dangerously close to victory as he moved into a low stance, the lightsaber’s hilt tilted upward. Then: the plasma birthed itself to blazing life, the vents ignited a moment after the main shaft. Quite against his better judgement Hux drew a startled breath, eyes very wide even as he leaned faintly forward, lodestone drawn to magnetite. “Is it safe?” Kylo twirled the blade in sharp circle, arrested it in original configuration, all the time his eyes never once breaking their fixation upon Hux alone. “Well, where would be the fun in that?” To his considerable credit, Kylo held his position as Hux moved around him. Despite the way he threw himself about, lazy and languid and long-boned, he maintained a perfect posture now. The long muscles, held tight, showed no sign of strain; every angle of him was perfect, a skilled rendition of control and mastery born of a force of absolute chaos. When he had come again to the front, Hux took three neat steps back. And then, easy and short: “When you are ready.” Only that mad grin ruined the illusion of a perfect warrior. And then it did not matter; Kylo moved into a series of katas, lightning quick and burning, one after the other. The dream memory of Ren moved as a ghost behind him, born of memories that were not even Hux’s own, not truly. Kylo, while clearly skilled, held clearly less experience. It gave his display something odd: something cleaner . By comparison Ren’s every movement had been strange and furious; focused and demanding, as if he fought against the very fabric of the galaxy itself. This was but an exercise, for Kylo. An expression of what had been many years of training. But still, there was more than that. It took Hux a long moment to realise it as joy . Kylo took simple pleasure from his skill, from his connection to what they named as the Force. He did it not because he was driven, but because it was a part of him he welcomed, enjoyed, relished in. As Kylo began to wind down, Hux became aware more of his own body than the fluid motion of Kylo’s; for the first time he realised he was breathing hard, matching his rhythm and depth to Kylo’s own. And then, before he’d had time to consider it: Kylo stood close before him. Too close. His dark head had tilted, the sweat-damp hair a wild dark corona about the flush of his pale face. And he frowned, the hum of the plasma weapon low pulse at his side. “You sound tired.” Wordless, Hux held his breath for a moment, settled it down. Still his heartbeat raced, though he’d not taken so much as a single step. “I still think that thing is dangerous,” he said evenly. Kylo snorted, and with one press of his thumb the blade vanished entirely. “Well, Uncle Luke doesn’t exactly approve.” His hands were sure where they moved to reattach it to his belt loop. “But it’s mine.” It’s Kylo Ren’s . Hux swallowed. “When is dinner?” “Soon.” Two fingers rose, pinched at the material of his undershirt even as his nose wrinkled. “Ugh. I should shower.” When he glanced up, eyes mischievous beneath the long sweep of dark lashes, Hux wanted to punch him. Even after that display of clear power and strength, he would have done it. “Don’t even think it,” he growled, and Kylo just grinned. “Too late.” But he was raising one well-toned arm, pointing past his shoulder. “Look, if you go downstairs, take a left, you’ll find the dining room. Rey might even be there, waiting for you.” He almost rolled his eyes as he added, somehow faintly irked, “She knows you’re here.” “More Force nonsense?” The affront would never cease to amuse Hux. “That nonsense saved your life .” “So it did.” With a grin, he added, mocking, “Don’t take too long, Kylo. It’s rude to keep your guests waiting.” “No.” Those damned dark eyes took a lingering route up and down his body. “No, it won’t take long.” This time, the flush burned bright on his cheeks; Hux cursed himself for a fool even as Kylo turned, took two steps away. But before he could do the same Kylo stopped, tilted back. All traces of his bawdy humour had quite evaporated. “I never told you. Why I left the Jedi school, I mean.” Hux held his silence. He’d always known when best to keep even his silvered tongue still. When Kylo pushed his hand back through his hair, it loosed the band; though it fell to the floor, he made no motion to pick it up. He stared only at Hux instead, hair a dark matter cloud about his pale face. “I had a dream,” he said, slow, almost ponderous, as if he dreamed it again at this very moment. “And Master Luke had the same dream. At the same time.” The words shivered along his skin; his voice felt very far away. “Yes, this would have been pertinent information, if given earlier. That you and I are not the only ones sharing strange dreams.” Kylo stared at him, all the flush of earlier exertion quite gone. His pale skin had taken on the dull colour and sheen of bleached bone. “I dreamed that I killed everyone at the school. Everyone but Uncle Luke.” Hux did not realise his hands had tightened to fists until he tried to relax them, realised the nails had bit firmly into flesh. “Well.” He tilted his chin upward, thoughts blank, not yet computed. “That’s certainly disturbing.” And Kylo’s hand had descended, wrapped about the hilt at his side. His eyes never once moved from Hux’s own. “With this saber.” A shiver moved through him, cold as winterstorm. “So why do you keep it?” “Because it’s mine.” And he looked away, to something behind Hux – something that could not be seen. “And I made a choice.” Though Hux closed his eyes, it did nothing to alter the strangeness of the moment – for it felt to him that the universe itself shimmered, twisted before him even as it split now in two: twinned branches, each arching off into unseen path and shadow. And he turned his head, turned away. “I’d better go see what Rey is doing.” “I dreamed of you, too.” Kylo’s voice remained low, almost somnolent. “All in white.” Hux kept his eyes upon the door. “Like Rey.” “Like a Grand Admiral.” And he half-turned, looking back. But then, he could never go back. “The First Order doesn’t have that rank.” “No.” Kylo stood motionless before him, hands folded before his hips, eyes dark and watchful. “It doesn’t have an Emperor, either.” This time, the shiver along his spine was pure fire, desperate and sudden. “Are you reading my mind?” “I don’t have to.” His body swayed, as if to step forward. But then, he did not move. “I know. I knew from the dream.” “We can’t live our lives by the dictates of dreams , Kylo.” “But we can live our lives.” And now Kylo came to him, hands upon his shoulders as though he had a mind to shake him. But he did not. Only the fierce emotion of his dark eyes shook Hux to his very core. “This isn’t the way your life is supposed to be.” This was too close indeed. The scent of sweat, damp hair in his searching dark eyes: too close. One hand rose quite without permission, laid itself upon his cheek, found it flushed and warm. Kylo’s head ducked, took his lips in fierce, uninvited kiss. Hux responded without thought, uncaring in this moment of consequence; strong arms enfolded him, pulled them chest to chest even as his own grasped at his waist, their groins pressed even closer together. A moment later he snatched his lips free, stumbled backward, half-bent with the heel of one hand pressed to his mouth. “ No .” And he had to duck away from Kylo’s reaching arm, the wild demand of his dark eyes. “Why not?” “Because I said no!” Straightening, brushing at his clothes, wrinkling at the faint dampness of Kylo’s transferred sweat, he scowled at him from safe distance. “And you cannot presume my consent just because we dreamed it. This is reality, Kylo. And I’m saying no.” Like a child about a tantrum, Kylo flopped dramatically to the floor. Hux only stared, and perhaps that was a mistake when Kylo rolled his eyes upward, mutinous and petulant. “Well, can I—” “No.” “It’s just…I’m…can you…like, watch , and I’ll just jerk—” “ No .” Again, sulking, Kylo gathered up his knees to rest his elbows upon them. “You’re a lot more fun in your dreams.” His spine stiffened. “I’m a different person there.” “Not completely.” Tilting his head, eyes narrowed, his voice pitched so low as to resonate terribly close to the pitch of Kylo Ren’s vocal modulator. “I see him, in you.” He turned resolutely for the door. “Go shower. I’m going to go talk to your cousin.” “She’s not any more normal than I am, you know,” Kylo called after him, and Hux flipped a hand back in fierce dismissal. “Yes, but she’s eight years old. It’s less annoying in children.” “Oh, so I’m not a child, then?” It was a mistake, but still he turned back. “ Kylo .” And of course, the little idiot blew him a kiss. This time, Hux really did turn his back and leave, and tried to pretend it didn’t matter. That it wasn’t too late. ***** “They’re poking around.” Hux glanced up from where he had been slotting in the pod for his caf, eyebrows drawn down into deep groove. “Excuse me?” His father did not look up from where he read the news on his datapad; his usual routine could not be interrupted even for conversation he himself had initiated. “They’ve been asking questions about you.” “Who is the we that we’re talking about here?” “Gillen’s people.” One thick finger stabbed at the screen, pressed as he held something, then flicked it to electronic oblivion. “They’re trying to determine what might be done in relation to the restrictions that keep you here.” Stiffly, now – though discourse with Brendol Hux Sr. could be little else – Hux tilted his chin upward, kept his voice even while his mind began to unravel somewhere at the seams. “I didn’t realise they needed your opinion.” That had him flicking his eyes upward, his stare cold and unforgiving. “Were you not planning on asking me yourself, then?” The terrible urge to laugh bubbled up from low in his gut; he swallowed hard, its taste bitter upon his tongue even when he did not let it escape. “I wasn’t aware I required your permission.” A half-curled smile twisted the man’s lips, though he said nothing more. He did not need to. His rich disapproval crackled like lightning upon the air between them even as Hux Sr. looked back down to his datapad. Hux remained stiff and still on the other side of the kitchen. He’d seen cornered animals more at rest than himself in this moment. A faint chime sent a frisson down his spine; he turned to hide his startled jump, the caf ready and waiting. Inserting a cup, Hux watched the liquid flow into the rigid cup, the dark swirl like a galaxy being rendered in reverse upon the pale porcelain. While it felt merely hot between his hands, it burned upon his tongue. He did not move to bridge the space between them, but neither did he leave. He had not been excused. Hux had to despair of whether he ever would be. And then he flinched; Hux Sr. had pushed his datapad aside with a grating shriek, his unforgiving gaze fixed upon his son. “They’ll never let you leave, Brendol.” The expression he wore was a mask of perfect and practiced disdain. “Not now – and not ever.” His hands ached to coil at the small of his back, the military stance ingrained in him very nearly from the first day he’d learned to stand alone. “I may be your son,” he said, careful and precise, “But I am still my own man.” He scoffed, rising from the table with his cup in hand. “That Gillen tells you so, does she?” Pressing past Hux, forcing him to take a step back or be stepped upon, he shook his head with clear disbelief. “She has no idea.” “She’s a brilliant woman.” “Which makes one wonder why she bothers with you.” Standing beside him, Hux was reminded of the uncomfortable fact that his father stood taller than he did; he was taller than even Ren himself, and even those mere inches meant something when he shook his head, looked down upon him. “You’re damaged goods.” And he sounded almost pitying when he added, “And yes, you did have potential. Once. But it’s gone, now.” The last time Hux had wept in front of his father, he’d barely reached the man’s knees. Now, even as his eyes burned and his throat tightened, he spoke slow and even. “So why did you do it?” he asked. “Why did you even come here?” The man snorted, adjusted his cup beneath the machine’s vent. “Because it was my choice.” “So why bring me?” The look he received was inscrutable, nearly bored. “We’ve discussed this, Brendol.” “You should have left me there.” Again, that faint scoffing laugh, hoarse and rough as if he’d spent his life smoking – and Hux knew the man had not. He’d himself whipped Hux to bleeding the one time he’d caught him with cigarettes at the age of fifteen. “If I’d left you there, they’d have torn you to shreds.” Withdrawing the cup, he took a sip, frowned briefly at the taste. “Figuratively, if not indeed literally.” “At least then it would have been a fight.” The man had raised an eyebrow, lazy and only half-interested; Hux couldn’t stop the words even when he knew he might as well be throwing them into the void itself. “As you say: I don’t belong here. This isn’t my place. I’m crippled by my imperialist heritage and unable to move into any sphere of influence in politics, I’m forbidden to enter the military, and if I use my engineering training I can only be assigned to civilian projects.” He’d hadn’t really how his voice had raised, harsh and echoing until he all but shouted: “I’m muzzled and collared and caged, here – maybe I would have been better off dead!” Unimpressed, Hux Sr. took a deeper sip, turned back to the table. “But you don’t believe that.” And as he settled himself back at the table Hux couldn’t suppress sudden fierce memory: the general upon his bridge, the beast-like man at his side and under his command. And Hux Sr. had resumed his place upon his datapad, the silver-streaked head bent forward. “You like to think you could have risen as high as you’d liked, if I’d left you there.” “A man needs to have goals.” He glanced up, sudden, eyes piercing and cold. “Perhaps I did make a mistake in bringing you here,” he drawled, and narrowed his gaze. “Though it wasn’t mine to make.” “What’s that supposed to mean?” With a faint shake of his head, he dismissed both conversation, and his very presence. “It doesn’t matter, now.” The conversation had clearly reached its end, the man not looking up again. “Go to your little pretend job. Play at being a politician. It’s all you have, now.” Beside the caf machine, Hux tightened his hands about the cup. Only that forced stillness could quell the urge to reach for the small knife in his boot – to walk up behind him, to fist one hand in his collar, the other in his hair. Then, he might pull hard to arch the man’s neck even as the shirt choked him half-blue. Only then would he allow them both the release of the blade, flicked open to bury deep into his throat. The man’s eyes, rolled back, would stare open in disbelief as his blood coursed over Hux’s fingers. And he would smile, and say not a single word. The blade would have spoken more eloquently of what little remained between them now. With hands that shook not one little bit, Hux carefully poured out the unfinished caf, rinse the cup underneath a quick spray of water. Then, he set it in the washer, and left the kitchen without another word. Behind him Brendol Hux Sr. turned to the next page, and took another sip from his own half-filled cup. ***** They had never been particularly talkative, as colleagues. A new tenseness had entered the small office all the same; Hux felt it as an odd crawling pressure upon his skin from the moment he entered their shared space. It seemed pointless to be surprised. Word would have travelled regarding Gillen’s planned trip and, Kylo’s ignorance aside, few of those he worked with were unaware of what his familial situation dictated about his travel abilities. Hux had certainly never been on any other offworld jaunt the Senator had taken, nor been sent fact-finding, even when he had clearly been one of those most qualified to do so. The morning had barely begun when another staffer entered their office, announcing herself with a short rap upon the doorframe. A short woman, she barely reached the height of Hux’s lowest rib. With her long dark hair, slender of both face and body, she might have appeared childlike if not for the complex topography of her wrinkled face. Hux occasionally wondered if she were even human. “Hux.” Her fluted voice was low, melodious; better suited to a concert hall than a political house of cards. “The Senator would like to see you now.” With such personal summons, there was no need to dawdle. He entered her demesne for the second time that week, found her again before her circular wall of windows. In silhouette she seemed ethereal, not quite real. He paused upon the threshold, quite struck by her simple beauty. “Hux.” And she sighed, did not look back. “Come stand with me.” Even as he did so, her troubled expression remained turned to the city, lips curled in something very much like a frown. Hux did not need to ask to know. “I’m sorry I cannot be of more use to you,” he said, formal and flat. Her eyes closed, face tremulous with something close to hurt. And then she looked to him, features smooth, but eyes very dark. “Brendol,” she said, low, fierce. “We will find some way around this.” “No.” He’d taken a step back from her without even realising it. “No, I don’t think we will.” For the first time he could remember, something close to irritation flickered across her face. “You have never struck me as a defeatist.” “I spoke with my father this morning.” Even as part of him flinched at the very thought of him, wishing to do no more than curl into a ball and hide deep within some dark corner, Hux went on. “He dismissed the entire suggestion out of hand.” He smiled, humourless and cold. “He should know the viability of such matters. He negotiated the original terms, after all.” “Those terms were for him, not for you.” “But still I must labour beneath them.” She started at the vehemence – and the venom – of the words. Hux himself took another step backward, turned his face away. “I – I am sorry, Senator. Might I be excused?” But she only moved closer yet. Her hand came to rest light upon his shoulder. A shiver moved through him, and with it: the faintest memory of gold on grey, of the rich loam of damp earth. The sound of rain, distant upon the roof, and the sweet scent of a honeysuckle perfume. “I want you to come with me,” she whispered, and he closed his eyes. “Senator.” Her breath fluttered light over his skin. His face remained turned resolutely away. “Senator, please .” And she sighed, drew back at last. “You are excused, Brendol.” Blinded, blindsided both, Hux left the office at far too quick a step to keep his sense, or his breath. But he did not return to his own. Instead, he detoured into the receiving room, letting the door shut and lock behind him. There, in its centre, he stood alone. Staring. At his sides his hands, fisted, relaxed, fisted again; the endless cycle stopped only when forced together. But then, they moved again, rubbing the palms together until he felt as if the motion might very well strip the skin entirely away. A lamp caught his eye; the golden light of it too bright, burning his retinas with fierce mockery. It was in his hand, and then against the wall before he’d even realised the motion. Even as the shattering sound echoed he dropped to the couch, head in hands, cursing himself for a fool. He would have to clean it up. Requisition it. Have it deducted from his own wages. Beside him, his datapad trilled a received comm. He did not want to answer. There was no need to answer. And yet, he did. “Kylo.” “Hux.” His face upon the screen was a shifting, strange thing; for a moment, Hux entertained the fool thought that Kylo might push forward, emerging from the device and into the very room. And then Kylo shook his head, sighed. “I heard.” “I don’t want to talk about it.” For a moment, he remained quiet. Then, almost teasing, “We don’t have to talk .” Through clenched teeth, he stretched out the name with elastic fury. “ Kylo .” From the silence that received, even Kylo knew when he’d gone too far. But that silence proved just as infuriating; a moment later Hux struck out again, eyes too bright, fingers aching, palms prickling from their rough abuse. “How did you even know ?” he demanded. “How could this possibly be gossip enough to get around so quick?” “Well, I hear things. And not in the traditional sense.” “Are you reading my mind ?” Not even his tone, bordering on an outright shriek, appeared to disturb Kylo. “No.” Though his brow furrowed, and suddenly his expression turned deeply unhappy. “But you’re projecting. I could feel it. And I…” One hand rose, and for an idiot moment Hux thought that Kylo truly would reach through the holo screen. That he would touch him. That he would be close and near and true. “…Hux. Don’t be angry with me. It’s just…what I am.” Already he was deflating, hunched forward over the datapad now held between both hands. Hux wanted to be angry. He very much wanted to rant, to rave, to drive him away. But then, Kylo would go eventually, anyway. They all would. The Senate could not stay on Coruscant; the uneasy political situation would not allow for such stagnation. It would be decades before it returned, if it even did in Hux’s lifetime. Kylo’s family would go with it – and even had it not been this way, Kylo would never have stayed. Coruscant no longer held the Jedi Temple; it never would again, with such bloodied history soaked into the stones of what had become the Senate buildings. Kylo was not for one place. Not for one person . He closed his eyes. “I’m not angry.” “Liar.” Opening them again, he tilted his head with a kind of weary patience he’d not felt since the first days of his transfer schooling on Coruscant. “I’m not angry with you , then. Is that better?” “Sort of.” And, wherever he was, Kylo shifted, expression still troubled. “Look, I’m not going to give you Jedi bullshit about anger being the path to the dark side or anything, but…I don’t think you should be alone.” His long throat moved in sudden convulsive swallow. “Come see me.” “I don’t think that’s wise.” “You don’t always have to be wise.” “One of us has to at least try.” Making what he hoped was an admirable attempt at softening his voice, Hux added, “Thank you, Kylo. For thinking of me.” “Hux—” Cutting him off via holo was cowardly, and likely to be only a temporary respite. Hux tucked the datapad away in his pocket, rose. Quite aside from the mess the lamp had made, he had work to do. He already had no intention of doing any of it. The only drive, the only motivation he felt now, was only to get away. He realised it could all be for naught. Kylo had apparently heard his distress over that distance, and for all Hux knew he’d be able to simply sense him at even greater distance, using the Force as some sort of positioning system to pinpoint his exact location. Wordless, he gathered his things from the desk, slipping them neatly into his satchel. The watchful silence of his officemates provided all the information he required as to their knowledge of the current situation. And that silence followed him into the hall, no goodbyes tendered or accepted. “So.” The coil of a new voice rose from his left, lazy as he considered its striking distance. “Seems as though we won’t have your company with us to Uyter after all.” Hux did not look back. “Leave it, Chadri.” “It’s a pity.” And of course the fool fell into step beside him, arms folded behind him in a parody of military pride. “But what use is a planet-bound lackey to a woman who can travel the galaxy entire?” And then he snorted, stopped, let Hux move forward even as he added, “Although I suppose you can stay here. Help the cause by fucking the wives of impotent businessmen and the underage children of rival senators.” Hux turned, took two steps back, and punched him in the face. The man promptly toppled back on his ass, hitting the floor with a bone-jarring crack. His eyes were wide and white-ringed as they stared up at him over the hand pressed his nose and mouth, blood seeping between whitened fingers. “You little bastard .” Hux smiled. Then he kicked him. His highly polished boot took him high in the ribs, driving him onto his back. Howling, rolling to his side, Chadri curled around himself in fierce foetal position. “Actually,” Hux said, quite conversational now, “my parents were very much married. Even had a stillborn before me.” Shaking out his hand, revelling in the sharp pain of knuckle and wrist, he added with thoughtful ease, “All genetic testing indicated I was very much the son of Brendol Hux and his first wife.” Chadri’s head snapped up, voice nasal and teeth coated liberally with his own blood. “That doesn’t make you worth anything at all, you jumped up little imperial shit .” Folding his hands at the small of his back, Hux took a step closer, stared down at the writhing mass upon the floor. It would be the simplest thing: to bring one boot down on his head, splattering the fine tile and panelling with blood and brain tissue. But he did not. And Chadri rocked upward, bloody hands scrabbling for purchase upon the high polish of the floor. Their audience, gathering and silent, only grew with each passing second. “You’ll never leave this place, Little Hux,” he rasped, eyes over bright and burning. “You’re here forever .” “No.” Hux smiled. “No, I don’t believe I am.” And then he turned, and walked away. ***** His father had not yet left when Hux entered the kitchen the following morning. Cursing his miscalculation, Hux still proceeded forward; for all Hux Sr. had not looked up, Hux could not doubt the man knew he was there. And he snorted as if in answer to his thoughts. “Are you not going to the office today?” The answer came clipped, military in its flat inflection. “No.” “You’ve ruined your only chance at success in the Senate.” “I realise that.” He set about preparing his first morning caf, eyes fixed upon the task. “That is on me.” “Did you at least give proper notice?” He’d sent a holo, pre-recorded and almost stilting in its formality, though even the most finely-tuned of etiquette droids would have been pressed to find genuine fault with it. The answer had come quick, late into the previous evening. He’d watched it alone, in the darkness of his room. I should like to discuss this in more detail, Hux. The altercation in the hallway presents difficulties of its own, but they are not insurmountable. Come speak with me, and we shall see what can be done . Her hope might have been infectious to a less ordered mind. No matter Nahani Gillen’s thoughts on the matter, Hux realised he was hardly going to be considered a model citizen when he attacked his own colleagues in the hallowed halls of the Senate buildings themselves. His caf, freshly brewed, already felt cold in the cradle of his hands. And his father’s eyes, the same peculiar blue-green of his own, skewered him from across the room. “You need to find another job.” And his lip curled beneath the ordered neatness of his beard, the contempt of his voice tempered but clear enough to one attuned to its tone. “You’re not going to sit around the apartment moping on the back of your father’s own work.” Hux’s spine held him ramrod straight, meeting his father’s gaze with the cool disconnect of a soldier born. “I wouldn’t have expected anything else.” “Good.” He stood from the table, and despite his increasing girth, moved with a coiled strength that had Hux’s muscles trembling with the ghost of remembered ancient pain. “Have something to report by dinner, either an offer or a solid lead.” Hux did not move for a long time after he had gone. Then, he spent far too long cleaning away the evidence of his caf, tidying the kitchen itself until every surface shone, and his nasal cavity burned with the scent of cleanser and chlorine. He had been alone for some time before he had actually convinced himself of that truth. There were things he might do; at the very least he should set about tidying his datapad, now a mess of broken links and misnamed folders, given that his security clearances had been revoked. Once that had been done, there were contacts there he ought to evoke. People he knew who might offer some work in the private sector. Including Lady Bulenwa. Even the mere thought of her name invoked a lazy churn of his stomach. Kylo’s arms had been so strong as they’d moved across the dance floor together, that feral light burning bright in his eyes as he’d glared across the room at the woman. What he’d seen in her mind, Hux had no way of knowing – and even less chance of understanding why it had disturbed him so. In reality, he and Bulenwa rarely even undressed. Hux instead pleasured her with mouth and fingers, and only occasionally his cock. The experience tended to be degrading for him only by what it represented in his own mind. He could watch holodramas like some house-bound life partner, or go walking. Intellectually he recognised it would be better to seek out his contacts in person. But standing upon the balcony, another cold caf in hand, he looked over the city and did not move. The arterial flow of the main air corridors, the smaller feeders branching off: both formed the city’s great cardiovascular system, breathing and bleeding alike. His holopad rested upon the wide balustrade, scrolling with the usual chatter of news both local and galactic. He paid it little heed until it began to sing. With a scowl and a sip, Hux glared at it until the chiming timed out, stopped. It started again almost immediately. Four times this happened, and then a message appeared. I KNOW YOU’RE THERE. STOP STARING AND PICK UP. With a sigh, Hux put the empty cup aside, and didn’t wait for the fifth. Thumbing his contact, Hux called Kylo instead. The younger man answered with no preamble, and certainly no apology. “You should come down to the docks.” Hux glanced over to the sky, scowled. “Why?” “Because.” “I don’t want to.” And Kylo scoffed, something ugly in his expression now – though Hux did not garner the impression it was directed at him. “You haven’t got anything better to do with your time,” he snapped, and then almost immediately turned wheedling. “Hux. Please come.” Such mood swings could only make him tired. But then, Hux was already so weary it scarcely seemed to matter anymore. “Why the docks?” “I want to show you something.” On the screen, his eyes flicked sideways, fixed upon something well beyond Hux’s point of view. “You’re into engineering. You’ll like it.” Already he was eyeing the empty cup again. “I suppose I’ll have to.” “You don’t need to work for Gillen to be happy, Hux.” He closed his eyes now, not daring to meet Kylo’s own. “Just…shut up, Kylo. I’m coming, all right?” He took a transport shuttle to the far side of the sector. It was almost empty, occupied by only himself and two other people who barely looked to him. Hux spent the journey gazing out over the city, his usual faint distaste for the place now bitter and burning upon his tongue, as if he wished to scream ugly thoughts aloud where others might at last hear the truth of it. And yet, beneath that he could feel the faint memory of their strange meeting. In fact he’d heard very little about it, in the days that had passed since he and Kylo had first met. It had some apparent malfunction, a series of events beginning from a faulty maintenance task that had combined at last into the accident that could have killed him. Even now he had to chuckle bitterly at how such a contrived circumstance, random and rare, could bring his life into such ruin. He disembarked at a transport tower half a block from the dock number Kylo had given, sharing the elevator down with a Mon Calamari family who left him feeling faintly slimy even when they stood on opposite ends of a generous carriage. Kylo waited on the corner, slouched with hands shoved deep into the pockets of his long coat. He glanced up with disinterest as Hux drew close, then flicked his eyes away. The doubletake he then performed very nearly made Hux smile. “What are you staring at now ?” he asked, and for a long moment Kylo continued to do nothing but that. Then, throat working, he shook his head as if to clear it, and seemed not to succeed. “I’ve never…that’s a good look for you.” “What?” Hux wrinkled his nose, looked down. “ Scruffy ?” “Well, scruffy for you .” His hand reached out. “Did you even brush your hair?” Hus ducked away, outright scowling even as a faint blush fought its way to his cheeks. “Kylo,” he warned, and even though Kylo did drop his hand, his eyes were too wide still, as if he thought to swallow Hux whole with them. “No. I like it.” His voice had an odd strain as he added, almost soft, “It suits you.” Never had Hux regretted more the idea to go out in public in pure civvies. “One day unemployed, and I’m already a ruffian.” Kylo was already opening his mouth to say something no doubt downright annoying, and so Hux said a beat quicker, “What is it you wanted to show me?” From the expression on his face, Kylo wanted to talk more about Hux’s plain coat, baggy trousers, bright scarf. Then he rolled his eyes and gave up. “You’ll have to come inside.” Still, his eyes lingered on the trousers, in particular. “Is it really that bad?” “I was coming down to the docks, Kylo. I didn’t think that involved full formal dress.” “Yeah, but…” Though he looked forward, his voice had turned distinctly odd. “…Hux.” “What?” “It’ll work out.” The urge to stick out a foot, to trip the idiot and send him sprawling, ate at his resolve like mineral acid. “No. No Force nonsense. Not today.” Though he sighed, Kylo did choose not to argue, leading them in silence through the corridors of the port facility. As they passed people on all sides, Hux felt abruptly glad he hadn’t taken his usual time about clothing or appearance. Nothing about the setting could be termed rough, exactly, but these were not the neat and orderly corridors of the main transport hubs. He’d at least correctly assumed Kylo would call him to the shipping end, being that his father was a cargo pilot who indulged more in smuggling than anything else. They’d been walking for perhaps ten minutes when Kylo pulled up short before a docking bay. A small girl leaned against a wall, bouncing a ball against the one opposite. She never caught it; rather, she would raise a hand, arresting the little red thing in midair. With a flick of her fingers, she then propelled it back again, setting off the whole cycle a second time. As if sensing their approach, this time she snatched the ball from the air, eyes bright as she looked to him. “Hux!” she called. “I’ve got a present for you!” Kylo immediately scowled. “We both do. And it was my idea.” Hux ignored him completely, stepped closer to Rey even as he pushed his hands deep into his pockets. He didn’t even know why they were cold. “What do you mean?” With both hands about the ball, held tight against her chest, she beamed up at him. “I heard you were sad. Because they wouldn’t let you go to Uyter.” One little hand thrust out to the side, pointed directly at the closed interior blast doors. “So, you can fly with us!” “What?” Under the penetrating gaze, Kylo half-wilted; still, he managed to meet Hux’s eyes even as his own turned oddly liquid, like a pet chastised. “You haven’t flown since you got here. Well, except on the shuttles.” Shuffling his feet, he nodded to the doors himself. “We can fly you.” “Kylo.” His headache warred with the urge to laugh, both sensations perfectly and painfully inconvenient. “I can’t go to Uyter.” “We’re not going to Uyter.” This was said almost too quick; his eyes flicked sideways, returned as his voice tightened, even as he attempted something that might have passed for a smile. “It’s just…a flight. Around Coruscant.” Already his body had half-turned, inclined towards the way he had come. “This isn’t a good idea.” But Kylo had already come too close, eyes intense, all shame or uncertainty now quite evaporated. “Hux. Please.” And Hux could feel Rey’s enthralled gaze upon them both; he attempted to step backward, felt Kylo’s hand close tight about his wrist. Bruisingly so. Right where his counterpart had worn his general’s stripes. “Let me do this for you.” He bit his lip, eyes searching, breath so close and so very warm. “I know you miss it.” Hux closed his eyes, so very tired. “Kylo. No.” “So, kids – are we ready yet?” Hux’s eyes snapped open, even as Kylo cursed under his breath and took a step backward. Before them stood a man, closer in age to Hux than Kylo, dressed in a trader’s casual garb with a colourful jacket slung over one shoulder. And his eyes, dark and bright in swarthy features, opened appreciatively as they raked over Hux himself. “Why, hello there. You must be the one I’ve been waiting for all this time.” Kylo spoke through gritted teeth. “Hux, this is Poe Dameron.” And then, as if those teeth were now being pulled sans anaesthetic, “He’s a pilot.” “ Benny !” The man – Dameron – enveloped him in a great hug, then turned, one arm still slung about his shoulder as he shook him with clear delight. “You didn’t tell me your guest was smoking hot!” “He’s also an asshole.” Shaking himself free, he added, not quite sotto voce, “Just…don’t. All right?” “Benny, you’re far too possessive,” he replied, eyes already upon Hux instead. His hand was warm, the grip callused and firm, as he took his hand and shook it. “Hux, right?” “You can’t have him.” Dameron snorted, turned back – though not before dropping Hux a clear wink. “Well, the thing is, Benny – I’m just not sure that you’re mature enough for a relationship with an older man.” All his usual composure quite fled, Hux choked; Dameron actually laughed outright this time. “Perhaps I’d better look after him in the meantime, yeah? Until you’re old enough to buy your own alcohol, at least?” “ Poe .” “Yes, Benny?” “I’m going to kill you.” Even as Rey smacked her cousin’s thigh, very hard if the wince on Kylo’s face was anything to go by, Dameron only laughed. “Promises, promises,” he sang, and leaned down to swing a grinning Rey up to his shoulder. “Besides, you need a pilot. And BB-8’s already plugged into the navcom.” “I can fly this thing!” One thick eyebrow arched high. “Says the boy who hasn’t flown so much as a kite since he was nine.” The scowl upon Kylo’s face had Hux throwing him an interested look, and he raised a forbidding hand. “Don’t even think about it, Hux.” “Why? I’m curious.” “ No .” “Don’t worry.” Dameron leaned close, his rich voice bright in its staged whisper. “I’ll tell you everything later.” Rey, queenly upon her perch, broke the spell. “Can we just go , already?” Surprisingly, the two immediately surrendered their bickering to her superior suggestion. Moving into the docking bay, they entered the shuttle together. It proved a surprisingly spacious thing; while it could handle long-distance hops between planet systems given the more than functional hyperdrive installed beneath its engine, it had clearly been designed primarily for sub-atmospheric journeys about a planet’s surface. Hux took odd comfort in that even as he took a seat near one of the viewport bays, and could not be entirely sure why that was. Rey immediately bounced into a seat on his left, beamed up at him with a child’s easy sense of clever achievement. He spared her a genuine smile in return, though some of it had to do with her cousin. He couldn’t be anything but grateful that Kylo had apparently decided to stay up the front, where he might bicker with Poe far more easily from the co-pilot’s seat. Rey leaned suddenly close, her clean small face alight with mischief. “I’m excited,” she announced, and tilted her head with a devilish glee. “How about you?” “I am too, yes.” And he couldn’t help but be somewhat surprised to find he meant it. “Do you fly much?” “Yep!” Already buckled firmly in her seat, Rey leaned back, closed her eyes in blissful anticipation. “Uncle Han likes to teach me about the different shuttles and transports and freighters he uses in his work. And I’ve already memorised all the structure prints to the Falcon .” “Have you flown it?” Her bright laughter beat against his ears, too high-pitched to be comfortable. And yet he could not regret being the source of it. “No! I’m way too small.” Then, her amusement solidified to clear resolve. “But I will. Uncle Han promised .” With her lower lip pressed out in determination, he could see a clear resemblance not only to Kylo, but to Leia Organa herself. Stubbornness was clearly a dominant familial trait. Settling back into the seat, Hux allowed her chatter to wash over him as the distant hum of the engines began to grow louder. The clank of the releasing clamps turned his stomach over, his hands tight about the arms of his chair. It eased forward from the bay, into the great corridors of the ports, and turned towards the exit. But even as they moved out, the city shrinking beneath them, Hux began to frown. The angle of their ascent was too steep. Leaning forward, already making faint calculation, Hux grew only more certain of it; their acceleration quickened, far too much so. Poe had not struck him as incompetent. And nothing about this particular manoeuvre struck him as incorrect, save for the very fact they were performing it at all. “What are you doing?” With belt undone, Hux stood; Rey’s hand caught his sleeve, but he shook it aside, eyes fixed upon the front as he stumbled forward. Kylo glanced backward, eyes widening. “Hux. Sit down!” He didn’t. The entire ship shuddered as it broke atmosphere, though Hux did not fall. His knuckles whitened upon the seat backs either side as he held position, glaring furious to the front. And then, as the sky darkened to sharp black, the ship slipping into its designated exit lane, he stormed forward. “Kylo.” He took him by the collar, dragged him as far as he could considering Kylo was actually strapped in. “What the fuck are you doing?” A squeal of “ Language !” rose up from behind them, both delighted and distraught. Hux did not spare any of his fierce focused attention, not even for Rey. Kylo himself twisted back around, staring looking resolutely ahead. Hux snarled, the urge to fist his hand in his hair and yank his head around contained only by the venom with which he gritted out the next words. “If you do not answer me right now I am going take your balls and shove them one by one down into your throat, and then I’m going to punch you there until you choke on them both.” “ Hux !” That earned him Kylo’s attention, mouth hanging upon and mouth very wide. “What the hell ?” From his right, a low whistle emerged, even as Dameron continued to operate his ship with a fluid ease of one born to it. “Benny,” he said, and sounded almost resigned. “Did you not tell him where we were going?” “He said we were going around Coruscant!” Dameron blinked, then groaned. “ Benny !” But the man’s clear amusement only fed the burning flame of Hux’s own fury. He leaned close to Dameron, hissing into his ear. “I’m not cleared to leave Coruscanti airspace. At all.” At the pilot’s startled look, Hux pursed his lips to the point they near-vanished. “This is illegal.” Craning around Hux, Dameron frowned deeper yet. “Benny, is this true?” Slouched now in the co-pilot’s chair, Kylo crossed his arms over his chest, stared into the airspace of Coruscant, and the opened lane before them. “It doesn’t matter. Go to lightspeed.” “Yes, it very much matters.” Hux had no idea how to pilot a ship, but already he was reaching for the nearest control panel. “Take me back. Take me back now .” Dameron’s hand caught his, almost absent-mindedly; it was warm, gentle as it pushed him away. And his eyes remained fixed upon the navcom readout, expression troubled. “Oh for – we’re in trouble no matter what we do.” He reached for the switch. “Let’s go.” “I – what ?!” Before he could reach out strong hands closed on him, propelling him back and out of the cockpit. The strength of him stole his breath in all the wrong ways, was enough for Kylo to take the upper hand as he pushed Hux down into the nearest seat. “No,” Kylo said, harsh and quick. “Leave Poe out of this. I didn’t tell him what I was doing with you, and it’s not his fault.” Then, voice rising, “And you’re not going to crash this ship just because you’re angry at me !” “Crash?” A small voice trembled from their left, low and uncertain. “Are we going to crash, Benny?” And even as the ship made the jump, Hux’s entire body shuddering with the ancient memory of it, Kylo shook his head. “No, Rey.” But his eyes never left his own. “Are we, Hux?” When he looked away, he found only Rey. The small body trembled, her eyes rich with something between demand and fear. “What’s going on?” She was just eight years old, but he could clearly see she had no intention of taking that as an answer. “I’m sorry, Rey,” he said, and very nearly meant it. “It’s just that I need to kill your cousin.” “No!” She threw her arms around his nearest leg, even as Kylo rolled his eyes to the ceiling. “You can’t kill Benny! I like him!” “Well, I like him too,” Hux replied, all practicality. “But he’d still benefit from a good killing.” Kylo went very still. “You like me?” “This is better than my mother’s favourite holodramas, you know that, right?” Even with the laughter from the cockpit, Hux didn’t look away from Rey. “Eyes on the front, Dameron.” “Benny, your boyfriend is bossy.” And now he looked up, with all the easy command of a ruler upon his throne. “Kylo,” he said, “You will take me back to Coruscant.” And above him, Hux could see nothing of the occasional uncertainty Kylo sometimes wore – nothing of the little rich boy lost. Instead he became something closer to that hulking masked figure in black and silver, his eyes cold and decided as he folded his arms over his broad chest, and shook his head. “No. I won’t.” And Hux leaned forward, knuckles white upon the back of his chair, knowing that his eyes snapped with blue fire. “That wasn’t optional.” “I know it wasn’t.” And he leaned forward, so that those black eyes seemed to fill the world. Seated as he was, he could do nothing more move back into his seat. Rey’s wide eyes were fixed upon them both, leaving him with the ridiculous urge to shout not in front of the children! “You can’t mind trick me,” he snarled instead. “You said so yourself.” “Yes.” Now he leaned over him entire, far too close indeed. “But I also said there were other things I could do. If I didn’t mind you noticing.” “ I mind!” “Well.” Kylo might have even sounded apologetic, if not for the fact he now also grinned like a lunatic. “That’s unfortunate.” The bloom of pain curdled a scream in his throat, too quick to be voiced. After that, he had only silence. And darkness. Hux still hated him. ***** When the general looks up from his work, it is to find the dark man before him. There had been no announcement of his arrival; he had not received word via his datapad of the docking of his shuttle, let alone so much as a knock upon his door. But the general blinks only once, returns his eyes to the reports that scroll endless before him on the multiple displays of his personal workstation. “What is it, Ren?” And, when there is no reply: “You are excused. I have work to attend to.” This earns him but silence in return. But a resonant energy upon the air speaks of all that Ren will not say. Hux can see through the general’s mind that Ren is recently returned from a mission – and that he is always this way, when he has taken a kill. “Ren?” He takes one step forward. “Let me.” His voice rasps even through the vocal modulator, somehow made sharp and static. “General. Allow me this.” The general flicks to another screen, lips held pursed and firm. “I am busy.” “I am yours.” That only makes him snort, low and quick. “I already know that.” But it has disturbed him; though his eyes still pass over his work, the general reads nothing of it, takes in no information. With another snort, this one louder and far more irritated, the general flicks his stylus to one side, the smooth thing rolling to a halt just at the edge of his desk. “Oh, very well. But don’t be slow about it. And leave all your clothing by the door. I can smell the blood from over here.” Ren can be quick to obey, when it is his want – when it is the general’s will. From behind these borrowed eyes Hux watches Ren disrobe with a shameful concentration. The beauty of him is an undeniable thing; the body richly muscled and hard in tone, the movements elegant and wild both. The general leans back, turning his chair at Ren’s approach. The dark eyes fix upon him with predatory pleasure, his cock already half-hard between the hard muscle of his thighs. In answer the general allows his legs to lazily part, yearns suddenly for a cigarette. In answer, a drawer opens to his left, the half-filled packet once tucked in there rising, gliding silent to fall to the desk beside his hand. The general glances down, expression only mild. “A lovely trick.” Before him, Ren goes down on his knees; the long body traces a pale strong silhouette against the dark carpet. “Isn’t it, though.” With a faint smirk the general strips off his gloves, removes a cigarette from amongst its fellows. When it rests between his lips, he quirks a wordless eyebrow. Ren’s eyes have already focused upon it; they flare brief and sudden gold, and Hux can taste something strange and sulphurous, the barometric pressure sudden and hard against his chest. And the tip of the cigarette sparks to sudden life even as the general breathes deep. It strikes Hux that logically one ought to be afraid of a creature that can create fire with nothing more than a tilted twisted thought. But the general takes the cigarette from between his lips with a languid chuckle, exhaling the smoke in low plume directed down. Eyes open, body held perfectly still, Ren blinks not at all as it moves over him in sweet-scented wave. “Well?” The general waves his hand in lazy downward arc, the brief scattering of ash a careless indulgence he would never permit otherwise. “Proceed.” Long fingers rise to unbuckle the belt, slipping it away before undoing the jacket beneath, spreading its edges wide open. Hux had expected him to just coax the half-hard cock out, to set to his work with no further ado. But the general only smiles as Ren rucks up jacket and shirt and undershirt, baring the lean abdomen to the cool ambient air of his own office. His neatly-pressed trousers receive a similar treatment; one hand moves beneath his buttocks, the pressure of palm and fingertip shifting his hips upward so the other hand might coax the material down to mid-thigh. There, with the general half on display, Ren appears satisfied. Positioned between his knees, hands curled now about his calves, Ren leans forward and takes him into his mouth. A gasping breath escapes, and a moment later the general takes in a lungful of smoke as he chokes on something that feels dangerously close to laughter. His heavy-lidded eyes slip closed, though only for a moment. When he glances down, it is with his lips curved to possessive smirk. The tangle of dark hair moves in slow pulse; Ren has already swallowed him deep. As Hux watches through the general’s lazy gaze, Ren draws back in an arching slide; the slick of saliva glistens silver-bright over the flushed skin of his hard cock. A kiss is pressed to the tip, then Ren draws ever further backward; the string of pre-come chases his pursed lips, a pearly thread stretched between cockhead and mouth. The quick tongue flicks out, catching it, taking it deep. Between those hard thighs his own flushed cock is a twitching desperate thing – yet when Ren glances upward, the smirk he wears is triumphant, brilliant in its sly victory. The general crushes out the cigarette on the gleaming durasteel of his desk. “Get on with it.” One great hand has moved to his hip, now; the fingertips press hard enough to bruise, purple-black pearls strung across the pale canvas of his skin. And the general, wreathed in smoke, watches wordless from above as Ren goes about his work. Lips, and tongue: and beneath both, the faintest hint of teeth. Hus finds the experience underlain with strange sensation. In a manner of speaking, it is as if he floats, unanchored and weightless. It has little in common with the previous dream, where Ren’s power had separated his body from the very concept of gravity. In this, it is though his spirit itself is bared, his body opened, his mind emptied. There had been no illicit ingredient in the cigarette, so far as Hux can ascertain; the general seems drunk instead on the power of this encounter alone. But then, perhaps it is not so strange. He has Kylo Ren before him, on his knees and between his thighs, dripping cock deep in his mouth. The scent of blood and sweat and death lingers fresh upon his skin, and yet this man is at his sole command. With even these drifting thoughts, the general has come so close. With hands now curled about the arms of the chair, he begins a low jerk of hips, abdomen drawn taut, neck arching, mouth half-opened to gasp at oxygen that never seems quite enough for words he cannot speak aloud. Then: pressure, at the base of his cock. Ren’s hands tighten on his thighs, mouth pressed upon the tip. But the devilish smile says all that the general and Hux need to know. His own hand jerks over to his head, fingers tangled tight in the dark hair as he yanks at the scalp. “Let me come, you horrid little beast.” The reply is soundless, spoken instead to his mind. But I’m enjoying this . And still he smiles around the cock held yet between taut lips. The general snorts, leaning back, hips tilting forward to force his cock deeper yet. “I assumed as much. You can’t even take your mouth off me long enough to speak like a civilised person.” Ren is already returned to his work; it appears he had not lied about the pleasure he takes, for his enthusiasm trembles through him like endless earthshock. And the silence between them can never be entirely that; his ragged breathing, smoke-riddled and panting, moves in counterpoint to the slick sounds of Ren’s mouth. Taking him forward, pushing him back – it seems endless, holding him prisoner, keeping him close. The general comes sudden, unexpected. Ren draws back at the penultimate of moments, the general’s release arching, coming to fall on extended tongue and opened lips. And as the general shudders, shifts, Ren’s fingers rise, smearing, tongue darting out to lick in long strokes. Hazed and drowsy, the general only watches, lips twitching about his languid amusement. And then Ren is rising, sticky hands pressed to the general’s thighs, their crotches pressed hard together as his face hovers but a moment from his own. “Hux.” And Hux trembles to hear the name upon this monster’s lips, even as the general only tilts his head, tone bored and easy. “Yes, Ren?” The dark eyes are searching, demanding – but beneath them, a plea. “I will make you emperor.” “No.” The general’s hand rises, strokes at Ren’s cheek as if he were a felinx he had a mind to pet. “No, I will make myself emperor.” And he leans close, their lips moving in the parody of a kiss as he adds, “But I will do it with you by my side.” The hands come tight about his back; the general’s legs wind about his hips as Ren breathes fierce into his mouth. “And I will never leave you.” “Why would you want to?” His laughter is taken entirely by the ravenous kiss that Ren demands of him now. And the general does not care. He has what he wants. What he has always wanted. ***** “Hux?” The body-deep ache held him far closer to sleep, and still the insistent voice dragged him relentlessly towards waking. Grimacing, refusing yet to open his eyes, Hux tightened his hands about his safety harness and gritted his teeth almost to grinding. “I’m going to kill you, Kylo.” Long moments later, he could stop squinting, able to bear the bright light long enough to actually open his eyes properly. As they adjusted he found Kylo kneeling beside him, stupid curious face far too close for comfort. He’d at least had the grace to transfer him to one of the bunks at the back of the shuttle, the small berths separated from the main body by firm durasteel. Hux doubted it would be thick enough to hide the screams if he tried to eviscerate Kylo with his teeth, all the same. And Kylo blinked, very rapidly. “You know,” he said, and he drew his lower lip in between his teeth, head tilted. “If it would make you feel any better, I could…” “Shut up.” Kylo looked quite put out; it lent him a childish air that didn’t make Hux want to punch him any less. “You were enjoying that dream.” And he leaned closer, voice pitched persuasively low even as Hux leaned steadfastly away. “I could do that. For you. Now.” Hiking up one foot, Hux caught him low in the gut, pushed him until he overbalanced onto his ass. “Get out.” Now on his knees, Kylo pressed himself upward, scowling as he pushed a hand back through the standard ruin of his hair. “Why are you so…prudish?” Folding his arms over his chest, the thin material of his shirt pulled tight over the musculature beneath, he went right back to pouting. “It can’t be my age. Not really. I’m almost eighteen.” With a wince Hux loosened the restraints and levered himself upward, twisted so that his feet were upon the firm promise of the floor beneath. “That almost is a larger deterrent than you realise.” “Why?” Even as Hux steadfastly ignored him, he could feel the crawl of Kylo’s eyes upon his skin. “It’s inevitable. We’re going to fuck each other, and we’re both going to like it. So why don’t we just do it?” Turning from where he’d managed to locate his boots, Hux let out an incredulous bark of laughter. “Because I’m not a slave to a mystical Force I don’t even believe in!” The affront upon his face almost made Hux pity him. “You don’t have to believe in it!” From the spiralling volume of both of their voices, Hux knew they could indulge in a decent shouting match – their first, and a luxury he didn’t often allow himself besides. He scowled instead at sudden revelation of what Kylo’s offer actually implied. “How could we be dreaming the same dream when you weren’t even asleep?” Almost immediately his eyes skipped sideways, the guilty tell of a child with a hand firmly caught in the sweetie jar. “Oh, I was just watching that one.” “Do you genuinely have no concept of personal boundaries, or are you actually just that stupid?” Kylo appeared to give his answer some thought before concluding, “Both, probably.” He didn’t bother catching the explosive sigh, pulling very hard at the laces of his boots. “And honest, at least,” he muttered, letting his foot fall again with a heavy thump. “Where’s Rey?” “Sleeping.” And he smiled at Hux’s horrified look. “Not in here. She’s actually curled up in the cockpit, with Poe. She’s convinced he’s taught her enough that she can land us herself.” The idea of it set his stomach to churning. Carefully he turned his head, saw the hyper-speed smear of stars lining the space beyond thick transparisteel. “How long was I out?” “A little while.” Pushing himself to his feet, Kylo tugged at his trousers, and then gave a long stretch. It hiked up his shirt, revealed the taut pull of muscled skin beneath. Hux turned back to the window even as he added, “It’ll be a few more hours, before we get there.” He kept any further thoughts on that to himself, even as it struck him that he really needed to visit the ‘fresher. But he refused to make any move while Kylo lurked yet behind him. And perhaps Kylo sensed his thoughts even without reading them; clear exasperation lined the word, deep and aching. “ Hux .” He still didn’t turn from the window. “I really don’t want to talk to you.” “Fine.” The indistinct sound of rummaging underlay his next words. “We could play dejarik. We don’t need to talk for that.” True as that was, Hux could name offhand a dozen other ways in which he might distract himself. But no matter how hard he might work at distraction, he knew he still would feel the urge to beat Kylo half to death. At least with the board and its holo figures, he’d have a way of doing something close to it without scarring Kylo’s impressionable small cousin for life. When it came to landing, Dameron glided the shuttle in with an ease that could have been terrifying, if one focused on the amount of chatter and not looking at his instruments that he indulged in the whole time – and the fact that he did, indeed, allow Rey to co-pilot him. At Hux’s pale expression Kylo had muttered something about the seat being keyed to the astromech in the pod up back. But even Rey’s clear joy couldn’t make him quite enjoy it, for all his heart ached to see the galaxy from the outside, again. They’d come into orbit about a moon, three others in various position about the parent planet; he knew their destination even before he stepped from the shuttle. There, at the terminus of the boarding ramp, he paused, breathed deep of the air of a new planet. The rich scent of tree and loam tasted fresh upon his tongue; the wind slid gentle through the trees, loud avian chorus accompanying its motion. The air felt heavy with moisture, warm against his skin; humid, but not with the inherent chill he’d known as a child. “It’s pretty. Isn’t it.” And then, sly, even as he fished always for approval, “Better than Arkanis, I’m sure.” “Kylo.” Throwing his hands up, he added a dramatic sigh for emphasis. “Fine. I’ll shut up.” Then, a second later: “This is Yavin 4.” Dry as desert dust, he shielded his eyes, squinted up at the empty sky. “Did you think I didn’t realise?” “Well. Just in case.” But even as Kylo slipped into one of his celebrated sulks, Dameron emerged from the shuttle with Rey in tow, a BB droid trundling cheerfully along behind them. “Home, sweet home,” he announced, and then, at Hux’s surprised glance, “Well, not this part, precisely. Can’t say we came over here much.” Here : a Jedi temple. Or what Hux presumed was one. It was of course older than the school set up here, but that did not surprise him; from what little Hux understood, the purge ordered by Palpatine could never have been as absolute as he might have wished for. Jedi temples remained scattered throughout the galaxy, if one only knew where to look for them. But even that ziggurat of weathered stone and climbing vine did not cause his unease. Rather, the disconnect came from a history far newer. Of knowing that in the skies above this moon, the fall of the old Empire had begun. As Hux stared upward now, he could gaze back and summon a thousand stories, watched and read and remembered. Could allow the skies, clear and quiet now, to convey him headfirst back into history. “Hux?” Kylo’s hand lay warm upon his shoulder, voice faintly troubled. “Come on. We need to go see my uncle.” Only the three of them shouldered several bags, turned to the path; Poe remained behind, left to attend to the shuttle as his little mech chattered happily at his side, apparently delighted to be released from the navigation pod. From something he’d said, Hux suspected he had family to see in one of the other settlements. They heard voices before they saw them; they emerged from dense foliage into a broad courtyard with high stone walls, the ziggurat towering high even at its distance. A dozen children of varying ages moved about their forms, wooden practice swords in hand. Offset to the north, a single figure stood alone, dressed in grey and white, very much like his shaggy hair. Bearded, face weather-lined and still, he watched the children with his hands folded into the long sleeves of his robe. He had nothing of the height of his nephew; Hux was reminded far more of his sister instead. “We should let him finish the lesson.” Craning his neck back, Hux blinked. “That’s very respectful of you, Kylo.” “Not really, I’m just not in the mood for a tongue lashing.” One hand rose, passed over his forehead; a thin sheen of sweat had already beaded there. “I’ve had enough of that today from you alone.” Hux, who himself wanted nothing so much as to shrug out of his outer coat, narrowed his eyes. “Do you honestly think you didn’t deserve it?” “See, you’re doing it again.” Rey sniggered, gave her cousin a shove that actually knocked him half off balance. “Yeah, but you really did deserve it, Benny.” And Kylo only stopped glaring death at her when Hux sighed, clipped his shin with the edge of one boot. With that glare now turned on him, he huffed, tilted his head to the lesson. “Fine. Come on, let’s go talk to him.” Crossing the courtyard, keeping to its western edge, Hux noted the way the man inclined himself just enough to watch their approach. When they drew up before him Kylo actually sketched out a bow, the gesture oddly formal in the warm air of the jungle. Hux felt the urge to do the same, ignored it. Rey chose her own path, leaping forward to wrap skinny little arms around his legs even as she beamed up at him with brilliant love. A faint longing could be glimpsed for but a brief moment before it flickered out, the older man’s hand moving in gentle stroke upon her small head. “It’s been a long time,” he said, voice the low tumble of gravel over stone; she grinned at him, pressing her head into his touch. “I know. I’m glad to be back.” Then, impossibly, she grinned even wider. “And Benny brought his boyfriend!” Kylo’s lips tightened, eyes very dark as he stared down at his small cousin. “I really, really am going to kill you.” He spoke only mildly, but it was the kind of warning that could halt a bantha mid-charge. “Ben.” “I – sorry. Master Luke.” “It’s okay, Uncle Luke,” Rey chirruped from where she still held to his legs, tight as any ysalamir. “With the mood he’s in, Benny’s going to kill everyone .” Rolling his eyes now, the man turned to Hux, one eyebrow arched in a way that Hux had now seen upon Kylo, Leia, and now Luke himself. “You must be Brendol,” he said, and he nodded, did not hold out a hand. “I prefer Hux.” At the unblinking stare this earned, he added, unnecessary, “You’re Luke Skywalker.” “So I am.” Turning to give Kylo another inscrutable look, he inclined his head to the children, whose forms had become all the sloppier for the realisation they were not being watched. “Let me dismiss the lesson, yes?” The two of them stood wordless together as Rey trailed him to where he gathered the children around him. The soothing rise and fall of his low voice reminded him of the sea, not seen since his last days upon Arkanis. He didn’t know if Yavin 4 had any ocean of its own. When he returned, Hux could not help but notice that Luke Skywalker’s eyes were the colour of troubled waters. “You and I,” he said, no preamble at all. “We should talk.” “Yeah, we should.” Skywalker never once removed his gaze from Hux. “I didn’t say anything about you, Ben.” “But—” “You know the chores of the temple.” The smile he turned upon his nephew was very nearly sweet, if not for the durasteel of his eyes. “Perhaps you could go help the others with them. Dinner will need prepared, too.” “Why can’t I stay with Hux?” Not even Kylo’s sulky whine could change Skywalker’s expression one iota. “I didn’t realise I was expected to justify my every decision to you, Ben.” By comparison, Kylo’s expressive features ran the gamut from annoyance to frustration to fear to petulance in a swift-shifting kaleidoscope. “But I brought him here!” “Ben.” With one word alone, Skywalker had him – though, from the mutinous tone of his words, Hux had to suspect Skywalker had added something through the mental bond Jedi apparently abused at will. “Yes, Master.” But he couldn’t begrudge Skywalker the effectiveness as they watched him go. “It’s almost a relief,” Hux remarked, sudden. “To know that I’m not the only person he doesn’t listen to.” “Oh, Ben’s always been that way.” And the lopsided smile he permitted himself then, if only for a moment, made him resemble Kylo so strikingly that Hux nearly needed to take a step backwards. “Would you like some tea, Hux?” At least his voice trembled only a little when he said, “It would be appreciated.” The low temple buildings buzzed with life, the students clearly set about the duties of clearing up after the day, and preparing their evening meal. Hux caught the briefest glimpse of Kylo levering Rey up onto one of the flat rooves before deciding he didn’t even want to know. Luke lead him to a small chamber, indicated he should enter first. It proved nothing particularly luxurious, nor individualised at that, but still Hux caught a sense that it was his own: that of a master. The woven mats upon the raised floor were worn, but well-made; removing his shoes, he paused as Skywalker seated himself cross-legged before a low table. A brazier burned at its hollow centre, a heavy lidded kettle suspended over its middle. As Hux settled himself to similar position, Skywalker reached between them, poking briefly at the kettle. “What did Ben tell you about why he brought you here?” Hux countered easily, but the words were flat. “What did he tell you ?” “He didn’t need to tell me anything.” Leaning back now, Skywalker began to shift the two cups upon the tray before him; each held a small quantity of leaves, their scent bitter upon the air as he looked up, said simply, “I asked him to do it.” Some part of him wanted to reflexively smile. Most of him just wanted to scream. Hux did neither. “He didn’t tell me that.” “Well, he probably would have done it anyway.” Wry again, he reached for the kettle, began to pour the water with the ease of long practice. “He’s a Skywalker. Believe you me, I know exactly what we’re likely to do in most given situations.” Hux did not speak again until he held the cup between his palms; too hot to drink, it just barely did not burn his palms. “That doesn’t make me feel any better.” “It wasn’t actually supposed to.” Careful now, Hux set the cup down before him, untouched. “You do realise I’m stuck here?” Skywalker took a sip, eyes fixed on his over the rim; Hux’s hands curled to fists, even as his voice remained the easy diplomatic tone he’d found so useful in his work. “Or at the very least, if you allow me to return to Coruscant, I’m likely to be detained in some shape or fashion?” Only then did the bitterness enter. “Or are you only concerned with my status so long as I’m useful to you?” Skywalker made a peculiar little noise, into his cup; Hux could not tell if it was a laugh or a snort, even as he set it aside. “Do you honestly think Ben’s likely to give you up?” His tone was richly glacial. “You’re the Skywalker.” From his little shrug, even Skywalker himself knew better than to argue the point. “He told me about your dreams,” he said instead, and Hux couldn’t hide the reflexive wince. “I do hope he didn’t regale you with endless detail.” “I had the impression he’d…edited them, for general audiences.” And that really was a laugh, stifled as it was; the brightness of those blue eyes was enough to betray him. “But I can imagine what he left out.” Hux stared into his untouched tea, watching the leaves dance in endless spiral vortex. “Please don’t.” “Believe me, I try not to.” But when Hux dared another glance upward, Skywalker’s face had returned to that earlier watchfulness, cunning and curious alike. “But those dreams…from what I can tell, they’re not visions. Or at least, they’re not of any future that is likely to come to pass.” His lips twisted. “They’re…from another life, as it were.” The disappointment could not be entirely expected, but it still hurt ; he had not thought to feel as though he himself had been demoted from general. “So why do we dream them?” Hux asked, voice salt-rough; Skywalker crossed his arms, shook his head. “I’m not sure. Certainly, Ben is remarkably Force sensitive – as is Rey. As am I myself.” That piercing gaze seemed to stare right through him again. “But you’re not.” Hux only just bit back on a thank the stars for that ; he probably wasn’t in company that would appreciate the sentiment. “I didn’t ask for these dreams,” he said instead, hands against tightening in his lap. “And I certainly don’t want them, either.” “But somebody wants you to have them.” “Kylo said it was the Force.” Luke actually snorted properly this time, low and almost amused. “ Kylo doesn’t know everything.” And now, as his eyes darkened, Hux felt the gathering shadows about him even as the room remained brightly lit. Skywalker sat at their centre, pale and white and shimmering. “In these dreams, he is a Knight of Ren.” Hus shuddered, looked away. “He said that. Spoke of…Jedi ghost stories.” “The dreams started here – for him, at least,” Luke murmured, and Hux found the next words lodged in his throat, tight and tasting of gall. “He told me he dreamed of killing everyone in this place.” “Did he tell you he wasn’t alone?” A sudden, strange fear stole around his heart, gripped it hard. “I – I wasn’t there, was I?” “No.” Shifting his weight, Skywalker’s eyes fell to the fire; the light of it turned them very nearly purple. “He had his knights, then,” he said, and did not look up. “That’s where it started. For that version of Ben, at least.” Kylo Ren . “But it never happened, here,” Hux said, and then when very cold. “Unless—” “No, I don’t think he’s going to do it. I didn’t send him away because I suddenly thought my nephew was going to go mad and slaughter everyone here.” The odd flare of anger made no sense, and yet Hux felt powerless to resist it. “Then why did you send him away?” “I already said. It was to find you.” Very still now, Hux pursed his lips. “But you never said why .” “I dreamed of you, too.” Looking down into the tea, the storm of leaves now settled and still, Hux wondered if this was what going mad actually felt like. “This is beginning to become really quite disturbing.” To his surprise, Skywalker actually smiled; wry and weary, but still genuine enough. “Try being on my end,” he said, though any amusement he felt evaporated as quickly as it came. “Both Ben and I had those particular dreams. Of you, in white.” Hux swallowed hard. “Rey had the same dream. Or at least, I presume she did. Senator Organa said that Rey described me to her as the man with the red hair, dressed all in white.” Skywalker leaned forward, the unsettling blue of his eyes clearly fixed upon him. “What do you make of that?” He had to look down. The kettle had begun to boil again, steam billowing from its narrow spout. “I have no idea,” he said, very slow. “I couldn’t have made Grand Admiral in the First Order. The rank simply doesn’t exist – or it didn’t, when I was there. I can’t imagine they would have restored it, given it was only awarded by the Emperor himself.” He looked up, met the gaze of the Hero of the Rebellion, said simply, “And the Empire is gone.” Skywalker blinked, just once. “So they say.” The shiver along his spine felt like fingers, warning and teasing and loving all at the same time. “What are you trying to tell me?” “A great many things, in fact, but it’s not as simple as all that.” Hux had never taken much time to imagine what it would have been like, in the times of the Jedi; as a child raised in exile, the First Order had taught of them as excesses, as relics, as something best left to dust and death. His education upon Coruscant had only spoken of them as near-ancient history. But as he sat now before the last of the Masters, he knew that he would have himself made a very poor Jedi indeed. “Kylo said it was the Force doing this,” he repeated, and again Skywalker shook his head. “Ben is very young in his powers, extensive as they are – and this goes far beyond Ben, of that much I can assure you.” “So if it’s not the Force – then who is giving me these dreams?” He could not help but think of the man he would never be when his voice sharpened, demanded: “And why, if I am so blind to everything else?” Skywalker met his gaze, even and unbending. “In one timeline, you are a general of the First Order. In another, you are a Grand Admiral.” And then he almost smiled. “Who knows, then, what you might be here?” A knock rapped out, sudden and harsh; both startled, turning to where the thin wood of door slid open. Skywalker already had one hand upon his belt, fingers tightening about the hilt clipped there. But it was only Poe Dameron: panting, dark eyes wild, skin dotted with sweat. “It’s Rey,” he said, swift and strange. “We can’t find her. She’s gone .” Notes: ...I have come to the conclusion, that nine out of ten Kylos I write need to be taught that one does not express affection by kidnapping the object of said affection. Sigh. Chapter 4 Notes: ...so, after A MILLION YEARS, I finally got my shit together long enough to produce this. And I'm trying not to be negative about my writing right now, but basically I got put off writing this story after publishing the third chapter, and ended up more or less abandoning the whole thing. But at the time that happened, I had been happily working my way through this fourth chapter, and I did always want to come back to it. I could just never work up the courage to do it. But there have been some wonderful, fantastic people both here and on tumblr who have always encouraged me to try again whenever I despaired over the loss of this fic, and I just...I really cannot begin to thank you. I just can't. I have no idea how to express how much it honestly means to me, that despite everything, you would look forward to more of this crazy story. With that said, I still don't know if it will be finished -- I had ended up planning for nine chapters, and this chapter is where the plot was supposed to start really coming into play. Because I honestly don't know if more will come, I ended up being really overindulgent in the writing, hence the 19k (!) length of it. Because, you know, I missed this set up, and I just wanted to mess around with these two versions of the characters, just for a little bit longer. I hope there's some fun in that for you, too. (And, if you're new to the story: yes, it was originally begun in May, so various bits of canon we didn't know beforehand obviously don't appear in those parts. If I do end up continuing this, I'm tempted to go back and rework certain elements, but...yeah. I don't know. It's not a decision I can make right now, but...) Just as a heads-up, too -- the dream sequence in this chapter could/should likely be read as non-con, so be aware of that. It certainly doesn't do Hux or Kylo much good to see it, oh dear. I also have to add that the incomparable @ottenebrae has done two pieces of fantastic fanart inspired by this fic; Kylo and Hux at the dance , and Hux getting all wrapped up warm to be kidnapped . Ha ha. I'm still amazed even now that I received such gift in this art, and it really really helped remind me of why I wrote what I did, and that there would be reason enough to write more. Thank you so much. You are amazing. <3 Dameron did not wait. Having delivered his message he was already gone, not waiting to see if anyone would follow. But Skywalker had already taken to his feet, moving swift and silent; as he struggled to keep pace, Hux knew the man to be a warrior in all respects. Even with his own half-assed military training, he found it difficult to fall into matched step, though it hardly mattered. They did not need to go far. It seemed Dameron had run back to where he’d started from – a shame-faced looking Kylo, though said shame was also sheened with clear irritation. “ Poe , you didn’t need to go get Master Luke —” “She’s gone .” Yet Dameron wasn’t even looking at Kylo, eyes fixed instead upon the shuttered features of Luke Skywalker. That did not stop one accusing finger from shooting out in Kylo’s general direction. “And he says he can’t sense her!” Even though Kylo clearly struggled to keep a neutral expression, those mobile features would always betray him. “No, look, it – no, it’s not that bad —” And Skywalker just sighed. “Ben.” That single word, like a low pulse of disappointment like a blaster bolt to the gut – and Kylo folded with a sigh. The guilty look he wore now seemed far more suited to a child than a young man on the apparent cusp of adulthood. Already something like understanding had dawned upon Skywalker’s face. “You taught her to mask, didn’t you?” This time he outright started fidgeting, and again Hux had the uncomfortable feeling that he’d gotten just a bit closer to seeing what Kylo had been like as a child. As Ben Solo. “Well, the thing was…you know what Rey’s like. She was forever following me around, and I just…J wanted to distract her, yeah?” “Kylo.” And his head jerked around at Hux’s flat word, the high arch of one eyebrow. “What did you do .” Even though Hux would have conceded to Luke on such matters, Kylo did somehow managed to look even guiltier before Hux’s gaze alone. “She’s…well. Rey. She’s kind of overwhelming sometimes, right?” “Ben.” The dark eyes took on sudden wild gleam as he spun back to his uncle, like a man fighting a double-ended duel. “You can’t pretend she’s not!” he almost shouted, though utterly without malice; almost immediately his voice slumped back down, along with his shoulders. “And she likes me, okay?” Dameron’s own dark eyes rolled sharply towards the sky he’d been born to. “The gods alone know why.” One booted foot jerked out to clip him hard in the ankle, even as Poe dodged Kylo’s sharply-angled foot. Not that Kylo appeared to mind the missed target, eyes and voice deeply imploring where he turned the full power of both upon his uncle. “Look, sometimes she just…she’s there , all the time. And I…I can’t have people around me all the time. You know?” A shiver crept along Hux’s spine at the oddity of it – the sudden desperation of Kylo’s words. As if he expected not to be believed. And Skywalker blinked, just once. His voice had turned soft when he said, “I do know.” It bolstered him nearly beyond belief. As Kylo back straightened, eyes clearing, it made Hux realise for the first time how very much taller than his uncle he actually was. “So, I decided to teach her hide and seek. Not regular hide and seek, obviously she knew how to do that already, but…just…I told her it would be more interesting. If we shielded. Because hide and seek for Jedi kids, it’s no fun.” Now he stared straight at Hux. “We can tell where people are. We can feel them.” He pursed his lips. “Yes, well, that’s not creepy at all.” “Hux, I—” “Ben.” One hand rose, the cybernetics shifting in low hum. “For now, let’s just focus on finding Rey.” Already his clear eyes had slipped away to the sprawl of the forest beyond the temple and its associated clearings, searching and distant. “She can’t have gone far, but she’s resourceful. And innately rather too talented with the Force.” “Wait a minute.” Only Dameron and Kylo looked to him, but Hux already knew it didn’t matter. “Just clarify for me, please: are you saying you were playing Jedi hide and seek with Rey just to get her to leave you alone, and now you can’t find her because you can’t sense her?” “Well, we don’t usually do it in the jungle. Just at my mother’s house.” The defensiveness evaporated almost entirely at Hux’s disbelieving look. “It’s…less complicated there. I guess.” With a sigh, he raked his hand back through his hair, knowing it was ruined already. As was his day. It seemed inevitable, when in the company of children who possessed far more power than they could ever be held responsible for. “Let’s go gear up, then.” “What?” “Let’s go find her.” His impatience grew even as Kylo’s jaw dropped lower. “And I want comms units in all hands. We’re not getting more people lost before sundown, Jedi powers or no.” Kylo’s eyes felt to be a burning weight on him as he neatly pivoted, began to walk away. Despite the fact Hux didn’t even know where he was going, Dameron fell into step at his side – it seemed that the pilot, at least, knew how to take an order and follow it. On the way to what Hux hoped would be a decently stocked supply cache, they collected several other initiates of the temple; apparently, the vast majority of them had gone out on some sort of exploratory lesson. Hux thought he heard Kylo muttering something about how everything would have been easier if Master Luke had just sent Rey along with them in the first place, but Hux ignored it. He accepted a comm from Dameron instead, and as the others were issued he gave crisp command and direction. He didn’t even realise everybody had allowed him to do so until it was just him and Kylo, watching as the others fanned out from their central rendezvous point. “You’re good at that.” The words came sudden as an avalanche, just as striking. “Giving orders, I mean.” And Hux closed his eyes, breath caught in his throat – for a moment it tasted recycled, unnatural, the bitter starship air of a childhood long gone. And an adulthood you never knew. “Well, apparently you can’t follow them in the slightest, given we’re not doing this in pairs.” He kept his now opened eyes fixed upon the comm unit before him. “That’s your sector over there, Kylo. Get to it.” “I could help you with yours.” He didn’t even need to look to give him a hefty shove. “ Go .” “What, no kiss?” Looking to him at last, Hux offered two fingers instead, raised in a gesture considered obscene by at least twenty-three sentient species. Kylo’s answering grin was a wild thing, though Hux could see a new sense of purpose to him when he turned to go. From that alone he could be sure they would find his small cousin, one way or another. But Hux hadn’t entirely lost sight of Kylo when he glanced to his own assigned area. Already he hoped Rey was getting bored of this game, wherever she was; even if she’d masked her spirit signature, or whatever it was that Force-minded individuals used to pick up on other nearby lifeforms, surely she’d be able to sense the heightened unease of those around her. Surely, she’d just come home on her own. The comm unit had within its programming a basic positioning system; as Hux moved forward, it kept him within his own line. The vague sound of others in the distance reminded him that he was not as isolate as he felt. But the jungle muted voices. Even his own did not go far when he called her name, the single syllable swallowed up by the dense foliage within the space of mere feet. Again he pushed his hair back, grimaced to find it already saturated with sweat – and when he looked up, he could not see the sky. But it had been blue before he’d moved into the forest. His Arkanian blood knew there was little chance of rain, for what little respite a warm drenching could offer him here. The deeper he went, the more oppressive it became: that sort of strange quiet that made one feel as if they crawled through the cavernous veins of some giant, slumbering creature. He had but rarely spent time in such surroundings. What little forest remained to Coruscant was decorative, unnatural, severely curtailed in size. But even then, oppressive was perhaps the wrong word. The weight of it was great upon his shoulders, strange and unnatural to his city-reared mind, but Hux knew no fear. It did not even concern him, that he might become lost. The crackling static of the comms increased the further he deviated from the temple, the distant voices of others checking in with negative success fading further with each step. But Hux kept moving forward. By now his entirely inappropriate clothing had soaked through to the skin, his hair frankly irreparable. Hux didn’t alter his pace, even as it suddenly occurred to him that he’d not asked about the native wildlife. But there had no sign of it, at any rate. It was fortunate, perhaps. He carried no weapon save his own stubborn need to cling to his life, as little use as that might be to anyone but himself. So focused was he upon the way forward that he did not even glance upward – and he sensed not at all any presence there, until a bundle of limbs plummeted from the tree just as he passed beneath it. His shoulders bowed nearly to breaking beneath the sudden weight, driving him first to his knees, then forward to his opened palms; arms and clavicles alike shrieked at the sudden weight thrust upon them. And then much smaller hands were upon his head, face, arms – all as frantic as the voice that accompanied them. “Hux?” Her voice pitched higher, and his lips curled in tight wince. “Hux, are you okay? I didn’t mean…” And now her hands closed panicky tight around his shoulders. “ Hux !” With the wince now become full grimace he picked at her hands, only just gaining back enough of his winded breath to acknowledge her. “Rey.” “Oh, you’re okay !” Immediately she let go, but only long enough to fling her arms about his neck. It only became all the more surreal when she buried a small face in his chest. When she spoke again, he could barely make out the meaning of her muffled, burbled words. “I do that to Benny all the time, but I forgot that you’re not…it’s okay when I do it to him because…I’m just…I’m sorry !” Before she could really start bawling, Hux gentled her arms down, pushed her back just enough to take her in: her hair falling out in clumps, dotted literally with leaves. Lips trembling, eyes wide, face blotchy and wan. He knew enough to have heard the exhaustion in her voice, and allowed himself a silent sigh. He also wondered if perhaps she had been lost, but then doubted it. Hux suspected instead she’d fallen asleep waiting for Kylo, and had only wakened by chance when he’d moved under her tree. Taking a deep breath, Rey appeared to compose herself – only to find she couldn’t breathe through a clogged nose. To his horror she then swiped an arm across a snotty face, moving the mess around in newly disgusting ways. “Don’t you have a handkerchief?” Her face creased in lines of utter confusion. “A what?” This time he sighed out loud. Even given the very mundane start to his own day, he didn’t have one of his own. Not that he was certain he would have offered it even if he had. “Never mind,” he muttered, and couldn’t quite mask a groan as he pushed palms to thighs, and levered his aching body upright again. “We need to go back. Everyone’s looking for you.” “What? Why?” Even as she scrubbed at her face again, she seemed to be coming back to proper life. “…Benny can be such a sore loser.” “It’s not that,” he said, with no intention of getting into any debate with an eight year old. Instead he thumbed the comm, not waiting for acknowledgement. “This is Hux. I have Rey.” An immediate explosion of static and voices burst out to him, loud enough to have both of them wincing; for all the words came garbled enough, the general relief was palpable. Hux let it go on for a full minute, then cut it dead. “I’ll bring her back now, we’re probably about twenty-five minutes out.” “What was she doing ?” Hux snorted; he’d never be able to claim not to recognise Kylo’s voice, anymore. “Exploring.” The answering barrage of colourful expletives had Rey mesmerised. With a roll of his eyes, Hux cut him off mid-rant. “We’ll see you then,” he said, and then killed it dead. Completely. In the silence that followed, heavy in the humid air, Rey suddenly let out a short, high giggle. “Benny’s real angry.” “Yes, well.” Glancing upward, Hux frowned; he hadn’t realised it was actually beginning to get dark. He hadn’t even thought to bring some sort of torch, and he doubted the very basic comm unit would provide much illumination. “You shouldn’t stayed out so long.” Rey wrinkled her nose. Then she rubbed it again, this time with part of her trailing overcoat. Hux pretended not to notice. He wished he hadn’t noticed. But she was shaking her head, looking surprisingly put out. “But that’s just what kids do . Like you said, I was exploring.” And then she turned pragmatic. “Didn’t you do stuff like that? When you were a kid?” “As a matter of fact, no. I didn’t.” Her disbelief felt a palpable thing. “Really?” Brushing the worst of the underbrush from his coat, Hux squinted back in the direction they’d come. Or at least, the direction he’d assumed he’d come from. Apparently once he’d met his primary target, he’d lost all his previous assurance about the task. “I grew up on an Imperial star destroyer.” “Wow.” He glanced back to her, unable to mask his surprise. “Not really.” “No, wow .” Rey bounced two steps closer, and for a second he feared she actually meant to take his hand. “I mean, not the Imperial thing. That’s not good.” A distant, dreaming expression entered her eyes as she turned them upward, gazing through the thick canopy that barely allowed any sight of the sky. “But I would love to see a star destroyer.” The wistful tone hit him hard. He had to look away, abdomen tight, churning. The general had loved his damn star destroyer. Hux had always felt his affection for it like a blaster barrage to the gut. “I dream about them.” With his own eyes wide, face bone pale, Hux turned back. She scarcely seemed to notice, still looking only upward. “But not like…the ones in space. Broken ones.” Her eyes fixed upon him sharp and sudden he felt as if she’d jabbed him in the solar plexus with the blunt end of s staff. “Do you know about the battle of Jakku?” It took him just a moment too long to even his voice enough to say, utterly innocuous, “I think everybody does, Rey.” But from her frown, it seemed she could see the topic unsettled him. But still, she went on. “I wish I could see it.” The frown only deepened, for all the lightness of her words. “Not the battle, I mean. The ship graveyards.” She paused, then, glancing down at the ground before them with her brow furrowed deep. Then her head jerked up, eyes wide and very nearly confused. “I think it would be sad. But beautiful, too. You know?” He didn’t know how to answer. Not when he wasn’t even sure what the question was. “I think I know, yes,” he said, very quiet. But already Rey had turned, leading them back through the jungle. He even just managed to dodge her grasping hand, though he couldn’t do much for the way she chattered on happily at his side: ships and mechanics, mostly. Her knowledge proved startling for her youth. He might have been more inclined to actively engage, if he hadn’t been wondering again at how long it would be before true nightfall. “I can see you standing on the bridge, too.” That startled him back to reality. The memory of the general, in his dark uniform, sent a furious pulse of chill energy down his rigid spine. “Oh, really?” “All in white.” Rey grinned, and this time she did manage to snag his weightless hand. “You’re the grand admiral!” He stopped dead. “What?” Rey had kept moving forward; such opposing momentum broke their hands clean apart, and for a moment he thought she might just keep going, her dim white form swallowed up by the forest, leaving him alone. But then she stopped, turned, eyes suddenly troubled. “Well, I don’t see much else. But you’re all in white.” And then she outright frowned. “At least, I think…maybe…” “Maybe what?” “I’m…not sure.” The words trailed behind her like smoke as she turned, began to pace away long before the shock of the moment had eased. Hux had almost lost sight of her when he lurched forward, long strides not bringing him to her side half so quick as they should have. Even when they were side by side, again, she had become little more than a pale smudge in the darkening twilight. “I didn’t realise how late it was.” “It’s fine.” It came so casual, to her. “I know where to go.” “How?” And she snorted. “I just do.” Stepping a little quicker, she called back, “Just follow me!” For all his certainty in coming to find her, his feet stumbled over the path now. But the moment he truly fell behind, she stopped just ahead, looked back. As he come closer she held out her hand, but she did not mean him to take it. She smiled, and there it was: a small glowing globe rested in the palm, shedding light all around her. Though but a dim little thing, it was still lovely: a newborn star, cradled at the centre of its system. Hux could only stare. Even his logical mind could not force him to touch such a thing. “Even for a Jedi,” he began, very slow, hoarse and halting, “that can’t be normal.” Rey only shrugged. “Yes, I guess not.” “…but you’re still doing it.” Turning to go, she hummed, happily to herself. Keeping his eyes determinedly away from the light source, he sought a new topic instead. “Are there animals here, do you think?” “Animals?” She kept choosing her steps with a casual careless grace he couldn’t help but envy. “Like, ones that might eat us?” It was poor phrasing, perhaps, but then she’d been the one to choose it. Not that she seemed particularly concerned. “I don’t recall much about the indigenous lifeforms of Yavin 4,” he said, deliberately evasive; she only snorted in return, sounding oddly like her older cousin. “It’s okay.” He could almost imagine her patting him on the head, all mild comfort even as she pulled ahead again, called back, “They know we’re not going to hurt them!” “I was more worried about them hurting us.” “They won’t.” He did wonder how low he’d fallen, to be relying on a child’s assessment of his odds of basic survival. “Rey?” “Yeah?” But he found he didn’t know what to say. And even in the dark he could see her smiling. The terror of it would have made him stumble, if he hadn’t bullied both mind and body into moving ever forward. She was so at ease with something so alien to his own mind. He supposed he could have called it a child’s ignorance of the proper state of things: but then, he could not imagine Kylo having been so at ease with it. It seemed to be something entirely unique to Rey alone. “So. You dreamed about me.” The sudden subject change threw her off her stride not at all. “Yeah.” “Doesn’t that worry you?” “Not really.” She pushed a branch out of her face, held it so Hux could duck under it beside her. Even in the dim light, her face had scrunched up in deep thought. “Except…” His skin prickled. Brushing at it told him it wasn’t some oversized arthropod from the jungle exploring new territory. He wasn’t sure he actually preferred the alternative. “Except what, Rey?” “I don’t know.” She vaulted a small fallen log that he could take in one lengthened stride. “It’s like…maybe you weren’t as happy as you thought you’d be.” She paused, poised upon the cusp of something more. And then she appeared to just give it up entirely. “Or something.” Now his skin took on a definite cool chill, even with the remaining heat of a dying day. He had always admired the admirals, as a child. Had the Empire not fallen, he would have wanted to be little else but one of them. “It was always something I aspired to,” he said, slow, careful. In answer Rey gave only a little hum, still moving ever forward. A strangely simple silence fell between them, held all the way back to the temple. The light winked out, quite sudden, plunging them into sudden darkness – alleviated a moment later by a meeting party. Fierce arms swept Rey into immediate embrace – but Kylo just aspromptly launched into a scolding that Hux could easily have imagined originating with Leia Organa. Skywalker’s watchful eyes drank in the scene, Dameron standing somewhat to the side and behind. When Hux shifted, the pilot caught Hux’s glance. A moment later, and he gave a quirked eyebrow in return, matched by a crooked smile of uncertain invitation. Hux looked away. He might not be entirely sure what to make of Poe Dameron now, but had circumstances been different, he might have been inclined to ask the man to show him more of the sights of his home planet. But then his eyes shifted back to Rey, and Kylo. And he didn’t look away again. Dinner became a simple affair, given that the students who had stayed behind to do the daily chores and prepare the meal had been those subsequently deployed to find Rey. But Hux found it pleasant enough: raw root vegetables tossed in leafy greens, garnished with milk and cheeses from the stock animals raised and kept by the temple. The main course was followed with fruits, large and juicy and almost spicy in taste, far more vital than anything he’d ever eaten in Coruscant. The two of them ate away from the students, though not far. But Hux made no move to rise when they did, sticky fingers working on dismantling another segmented fruit. Kylo remained by his side as the others dispersed, seemingly content; across from them Rey appeared to have finally given up. She’d eating with Skywalker and Dameron, and on the earlier occasions Hux had glanced over, she seemed well on her way to exhausted sleep before the meal had even finished. Now Hux himself fell to formless daydreaming, staring out into the starfield above. Oddly, it was Skywalker who pulled him back down to solid ground, and not Kylo. “I’ve arranged a room for you,” he said, simple, straight. “I thought you’d be happier away from the students.” And then, far sharper, brooking no argument: “Ben, your bed’s just as you left it.” “Unmade, probably.” At his side, voice heavy with drowsiness, Rey licked her fingers. “Aunt Leia forbid the servants from ever doing his chores for him. He still doesn’t do them.” Kylo rolled his eyes skyward. “Thanks so much for your contribution, Rey.” “That’s okay, Benny!” Skywalker ignored them both. It appeared an acquired skill. “Seeing as Ben brought you here so…expediently, you didn’t have time to pack, I assume?” Before Hux could reply, he was nodding, fingers rolling over his beard. “We’ll find something.” Finished with the fruit, now, Hux pressed his hands together, found his fingers uncomfortably tacky. At the well, he used the cool clear water, and then cupped clean hands to drink deep of its earthy mineral taste. Kylo had taken their plates away to wash them himself, but returned soon enough, wordlessly indicated he should follow. In that strange silence they moved together through the arcades of the temple, the sound of the students growing dimmer as they moved further away. Presently they arrived at small room, its stone floor covered by woven mats, the bed but a simple futon upon the floor. The far wall proved non-existent, though Kylo soon explained that woven panels could be pulled across for privacy or to ward off a chill. Given the pervasive warmth that penetrated everything, now, Hux could hardly imagine such a thing. Glancing back to Kylo, he then reminded himself how quickly things could and would change. His face seemed strangely aged in the flickering light of the single lantern. “I’ll be back soon,” Kylo said, very quiet – and then he was gone, moving on silent feet that made it seem as though he’d hardly been there at all. It left Hux little else to do but sit on the veranda. It might be open-walled, but in this part of the complex it seemed he had enviable privacy. He could hear nothing of the students, nor see anything of where they slept. He had only the valley before him, the temple itself set up upon the low hill that the pyramid crowned. He knew nothing of meditation, or even of mindful thought. Yet it seemed almost easy to sit there, to become watchful and silent, to give over to the soft smooth air of Yavin 4. The voice startled him, from behind. “I brought you some clothes.” It took some doing to conceal the way Kylo’s reappearance had kicked his heart into something like cardiac arrest, but Hux thought he did well enough as he began sifting through them. “Yours?” “Well, most of the other students are younger than me. Or smaller. Or both.” Kylo outright snickered, then. “And Uncle Luke’s like, half-Ewok or something. No extra hair, but I could use him as a footstool.” A snort was all the agreement Hux would permit himself; he was, after all, Master Skywalker’s guest here. And in that silence he chose a pair of trousers that seemed designed for sleep, and a tunic to match, both somewhat close to his own size. Thoughtless in his growing tired, his hands moved to his belt. Then he glanced up, frowned. “Kylo?” The sharp prompt seemed to startle him from his watchful daze. He at least had grace enough to look somewhat embarrassed when he said, “Do you want to wash? I’ll show you where.” The small private bathing chamber gifted to guests was but a short ways down the corridor. The temple had no plumbed water, but it appeared Kylo had hauled several pails of water from the well. They were not warm, of course, but the faint cool was still welcome upon his skin. With a sigh Hux sluiced the worst of the day off, aided by a liquid soap scented with flowers he did not know, could not ever hope to name. When he stepped out of the chamber, dressed and hair still damp, he found Kylo there, leaning against the wall. Self-consciousness hit him hard, and he wished suddenly for a lounging robe to cover her sleeping clothes. Many things had been apparent from the dreams, but this was a simple one: Kylo had not yet reached his full physical potential. There would be more of him, if he continued his training. Broad and hard and wide. And Hux swallowed, hard, and pulled again at the drawstring. Even with that still to come, Kylo’s garments hung loose on his frame. Then he glanced up, and it only got worse. Kylo was staring at his narrow hips, blinking hard. “This…isn’t how I imagined you getting into my pants.” With something edging close to a snarl, he pushed past. He knew the way back. “Don’t do jokes, Kylo. You’re not good at them.” And Hux could all but feel him sulking as they moved back towards his room. Yet the heat had gone out of them both by the time they reached his room again. Hux entered alone, leaving Kylo, awkward in the door frame. Several safe feet from his bed, Hux turned, and frowned deep. “Why are you standing there?” At first Kylo appeared to have no words at all, mouth opened on silence. And then he tried again, voice pitching higher than normal. “Can…can I stay with you?” “I thought your uncle said your old bed was the way you left it. In the dormitory.” “He did. It is.” For a moment, he appeared little more than an overgrown child, perplexed and unhappy in an adult’s world. “I just…I don’t…” “Kylo.” He let it be gentle, but did not temper its firmness. “Good night .” Now he outright frowned. Hux still gently closed the door in his face, and looked to the pallet. Exhaustion took him them, heavy and hard, leaving him swaying on his feet. With some difficulty he made those few steps on his own, for a moment almost regretting having had sent Kylo away. And then he was fallen amongst the blankets, eyes closed, sleep chasing him down almost immediately. There were no dreams. He didn’t even want to wonder why that should disappoint him. ***** Breakfast passed in a similar way to the evening meal, except it had been Rey who’d come to fetch him. It might have seemed odd, if not for the contrite manner of her arrival, and the hurried breathless apology she’d expelled as she’d led him back to the common area of the temple complex. But though he’d met with Kylo later, dressed strangely enough in something not unlike the trousers and tunics of the other students, he hadn’t expected Kylo to stay so close. Instead he’d assumed Kylo would go to his uncle, to rejoin the lessons he’d been avoiding during his self-imposed exile on Coruscant. And yet, after the remnants of breakfast had been tidied and swept away, Kylo remained still at his side. “We should go for a walk,” he said, as the last of the students trickled away. And Hux, still adjusting the odd clothing that really didn’t fit, gave him an even odder look. “A walk?” “You’ve never been to Yavin 4.” It did not sound like a jab. In fact, it did not even sound like pity. “I should show you around. It’s…well. Interesting. I guess.” This eye roll was an utterly exaggerated as he could make it. “How could I say no in the face of such enthusiasm?” But it became apparent enough why Kylo had wanted to take Hux away from the temple proper. They were by the river, watching the leaping fish, silver-blue in the bright sunlight, when he drew in a worrisome sigh. And then, he let it out, following it with words that struck a cold knell into Hux’s stilled heart. “Your father is gone.” The stick he held in his hands, light and easy, poked with sudden viciousness into the swift run of the river. “He fled Coruscant the same day we left.” A pause, and then he let it go; it darted away on the currents, vanishing but a second later. “I don’t think he even knew that you’d gone anywhere.” His lips had turned numb, his tongue leaden weight in a still mouth. The water provided him only a blocky, broken reflection of himself. But that was fine. Hux didn’t really want to know what he looked like in this moment, anyway. “Well,” he said, eventually. Slowly. Carelessly. “I’m not even surprised, come to think of it.” And then he laughed, and there his voice broke. “He must have left almost immediately after I did.” As Hux subsided to silence, Kylo shook his head, fingers closing about nothing more than air. “Something like that,” he muttered. The next words came reluctant, though far from uncertain. “They’re looking for you.” It was perfectly unnecessary when he added, “they think you went with him.” “Excellent.” He ached to stand, to move, to run . But he did not move. It was not as if he had anywhere to go. “You know, I did so always want to be a fugitive from justice. Especially with so few resources to my name and the complete lack of a foolproof backup plan.” Kylo moves beside him, a strange swaying motion, uncertain and unknowing. But Hux does not lean into the offered touch, the awkward promised comfort. “Hux,” he says, finally, “I… we’re here.” “I’d noticed.” The dry voice had him frowning, and deeply so. “No, I mean…” The words fought him, and valiantly so; soon enough Kylo surrendered with a frustrated blow of air, hands raised and then fallen to his lap. “You’re part of the family, now.” He paused, then added hurriedly before Hux could protest, “Not that I’m saying we’re exactly the model family of the New Republic or anything. But still.” The shock of such a statement kept him silent for a long moment. “But still,” he echoed, at last. The river kept on running, right before his eyes. Just another thing he’d never seen in his many years in Coruscant. “Well,” he said, and wondered what it would feel like to drown. “I suppose Brendol always did know how to play his hand, right at the last moment.” Unspoken behind those words lay a simple question, one that Hux knew Kylo would hear: did you know? But it surprised him to know that he himself didn’t want the answer to said question. It didn’t matter, anyway. He was here, now. And Skywalker himself had told him that he’d asked Kylo to bring him here. And he bit back on a half-hysterical cackle; part of the family, indeed. Kylo’s next words hit him as violent as a hurricane. “I could take you back.” One hand rose, head moving in swift back and forth before Hux could say a word. “Not to Coruscant.” The dark eyes held nothing but fierce sincerity when he clarified. “To the First Order. If…if that’s what you wanted.” Of all the strange and terrible things that had happened to him recently, this was the one that Hux could not believe. “ Excuse me?” “You…” High-boned cheeks burned with sudden high flush, each word a struggle. “I just…I don’t want you to feel like…” As Kylo trailed off, Hux continued only to stare. When he did speak, it was entirely without prior thought. “Would you come with me?” “No.” He said it immediately, definitely, undeniable. But a pause followed, and its conclusion was utterly predictable. “But if you are going, could you at least fuck me first?” Exasperation enveloped him, as warm and rich as the air they now breathed. “Do you think of nothing else?” “Well, as you’re so fond of pointing out, I am a seventeen year old boy.” Nothing about this day could be any more surreal. And then Hux supposed he oughtn’t to challenge the universe with such foolish thoughts. “Almost eighteen, I thought you said.” “Oh, are you going to be the creepy old man who waits until exactly my lifeday to get into my pants?” Kylo then made the mistake of pausing, actually appearing to consider the implications. “…yeah, okay. I can live with that.” Hux wanted nothing more to buy his head in his hands. He settled instead for a sharp, wry, “Well, if I’m expecting a sudden explosion of maturity to happen on said lifeday, I suspect I’m in for considerable disappointment.” Kylo grinned, far too broadly. “But you are going to be disappointed.” And Hux could only look away from such luminous pleasure. “I have such a headache.” It wasn’t a lie; between the fact his body hadn’t quite adjusted to the timezone of Yavin 4, and then the revelation Kylo had brought with him, Hux wanted little more than to crawl back into his tiny pallet, and forget that the galaxy existed, at least for the rest of this day. He was nothing and nowhere, but for now, he just didn’t care to think on what that truly meant. “I can fix that.” With face creased in disbelief, Hux glanced to Kylo. “What?” “Healing’s a Jedi thing.” With his chin tilted high but shoulders held too stiff, Kylo managed to look both proud and panicked. “I’m not good at it, but I did have to learn how.” The dubious look this earned would have discouraged even the most enthusiastic of idiots. But then, Kylo had always had strange ideas about their relationship. “You really don’t know how to gain someone’s trust, do you.” He shrugged, careless and casual. “I kidnapped you. I figured that kind of ruined the trust thing outright.” “Well, at least you realise what you did.” “I still did it.” Naturally he had the absolute temerity to sound proud of it. Standing, Hux turned back to what he believed was the direction he had come, and began to brush off his borrowed clothes. “So you did,” he muttered, and then shook the head in question; he doubted this was the sort of agony even the most logical of analgesics could solve. “Don’t worry about it.” “Are you sure?” “I’m sure.” He was already moving. “Let’s go back.” In the quiet, they moved together, Hux keeping his mind to himself. He still realised Kylo would know he thought of his father, of the life he’d have so cheerfully condemned his son to. Somewhere, behind it, came also the lonely thought of Senator Gillen, returning to her homeworld, and the place by her side that would almost certainly never be his now. They passed by the bottom steppes of the pyramid before the temple itself; it was Hux who stepped first. He could feel his eyes on him even as he kept his eyes upward, tracing out the peculiar architecture of this ancient thing. Buildings in Coruscant rose and fell with the sun, changing with the tides of endless trends. This construct seemed a part of the earth itself. “Do you want to climb up there?” Kylo asked, too sudden. “The view’s pretty amazing.” Hux blinked, rapid and uncertain, stepping so that the sunlight didn’t get into his aching eyes again. “Are we allowed to go climbing up there?” The words felt wrong, somehow. “Isn’t it…sacred? Or something?” A look almost like amusement crossed his features. Not that Hux noticed, or so he told himself. “I never would have picked you as the religious type.” “I’m not.” Shifting his weight from one foot to the other, he added, too quick, “That doesn’t mean I can’t respect the beliefs of others.” “That sounds like a lie.” “ Kylo .” “I just…” His teeth drew in his lower lip, began to chew. “…the general wouldn’t have said that.” “Well, I’m not the general, am I?” Reaching forward, Hux found his grip, one foot rising to the first step. Even in the heat of the humid air, the rock felt cool and crumbling beneath his fingers. “I barely even know who I am.” Muttered as the words had been, he still knew Kylo had heard them. He told himself he didn’t care. And that it didn’t matter, either. While he’d never been a physical person, the exertion struck him as somehow cleansing. Already the headache of earlier had begun to ebb somewhat further back in his mind; he didn’t have to think to do this. Not of himself, not of Kylo, and certainly not of the father who would have abandoned him to the wilds of Coruscant – and more to sink, than ever to swim. And it’s not like he ever taught me even the simplest of strokes, himself. They didn’t go all the way to the top. Kylo didn’t say anything, but somehow Hux knew it wouldn’t be appropriate. Yet he found himself more than content to sit near the apex. It even felt as if he could almost see the curvature of Yavin 4, though he told himself it wasn’t that small a moon. Either way, there was a cooler bite to the air this high up, and it was very welcome on his skin. Despite the heat, he’d dressed that morning in clothing that covered him from ankles to throat; he knew otherwise he’d be baked by midday. But up here, Hux began to strip some of the layers away, for all it was probably a worse place to be doing it. Kylo seemed comfortable enough as he was, one knee pulled up while the other leg dangled, something contemplative in his eyes as he looked out over the land before them. Vague specks on the ground were the only other sign of life: the students about some exercise in the temple grounds. “I should probably explain something to you,” he said, abrupt. “About my family.” But the words softened somewhat as he added, “Seeing as you’re part of it, now.” “Just because I’m an effective orphan, it doesn’t mean I need adopting. I’m a grown man.” Hux looked purposefully away from the flicker of hurt he saw in those dark eyes. “And I’m not sure anyone could explain your family, Kylo.” “Well, it only gets worse.” He scowled, scuffed at the crumbling edge of one step. “My uncle’s Luke Skywalker.” “Yes, we’ve met.” The dry words were waved away like he was driving off some bloodsucking insect. “My mother is his true-blooded sister. She was adopted by Bail Organa and his wife Breha when she was a baby, which is how she became the princess of Alderaan.” Hux just rolled his eyes in return. “This story has gone around the Republic,” he said, as smooth and easy as any speech he’d given in the senate’s meeting rooms. “The long-lost siblings, brought together by the Force, which they then used to save the galaxy entire: he as warrior, she as politician.” “Do you know who their father was?” Kylo asked, challenging. The answer came swift enough; Hux had always been top of his classes for a reason. “Anakin Skywalker.” At Kylo’s raised eyebrow, he went on. “A Jedi Master who died towards the rise of the Empire.” Still Kylo said nothing, dark eyes radiant unspoken demand. Hux took an impatient breath, added with a sharpness not earlier intended, “He was a hero, by all accounts. Until he went mad with the Force, and was…put down, shall we say, by his former Master. Before he could turn true Sith.” Kylo shook his head, somehow managing to look both triumphant and torn. “Not really.” His long fingers wrapped abruptly about one another, very still in his lap. “He didn’t die.” The sudden frown cut deep. “What?” “Well, Anakin Skywalker died. I guess. He took another name. Another life.” His skin had begun a fierce crawl, as if it fully intended to slip his bones and leave him bleeding and bare. “What do you mean?” “My grandfather was Darth Vader.” He’d had absolutely no idea how to react to his own father’s betrayal. It left him with no reaction whatsoever to this. “…oh.” The empathy in Kylo’s eyes hurt. But he couldn’t look away, for all it felt like he ran into the same fist over and over again. “They don’t talk about it. It’s the deep dark family secret, sure, but even then…they don’t really see the point.” His hands had fisted, eyes downturned and shadowed; his voice came tight, low string tuned nearly to breaking. “But when they tell stories about how Luke Skywalker brought down the Empire…they don’t say what really happened. That Palpatine was killing Luke.” He took a deep breath, let it out over three shaking seconds. “That Vader snapped when he saw it.” He glanced up, then, eyes overbright for all their darkness. “That he gave up all he’d done just to save his son’s life, before he himself died. And…yeah. Uncle Luke doesn’t talk about it much. But sometimes, I get the sense…” He looked down again, to callused clever hands that now lay almost too still. “…it’s like Anakin just didn’t want to die alone.” In the quiet that followed, Hux studied the bowed profile of Ben Organa Solo, only son of two of the greatest heroes of the Rebellion. Then he looked down at his own hands, pale and still, those of the abandoned son of a traitor twice over. “Who was their mother?” he asked, very quiet. And Kylo glanced up, his half-smile a quiet and very nearly quaint thing. “Padmé Amidala.” “…what, the senator from Naboo?” “Yes.” Hux’s surprise seemed to give him great delight; with grudging grace, Hux had to admit it made him look far better than he had a moment ago. “They were married, actually. But it was a secret, for a lot of reasons.” All but vibrating with uncertainty, Kylo inched a little closer: and then, closer still. “They met when they were both very young. When she was still Queen.” His dark eyes, always too large, seemed fit enough to swallow the world. “But they knew. Even then, they knew .” Like a man turning from burning starheart, Hux could do nothing more than look away. “Kriff.” It seemed, for a terrible moment, that Kylo would keep coming – that he would put his hands on him all the same, take from him again that kiss they had shared on Coruscant. And Hux did not know how he could be expected to say no, again. But with a sigh, Kylo pulled back. “Yeah.” The single word came strangled, aching; it was a long moment before he cleared his throat, started again in something that sounded far more normal. “So, like I said, we’re hardly the model family of the New Republic.” His chuckle came quick, unexpected. “Sometimes I think back to how excited Rey gets about it sometimes, and I just…” “Wait.” But it was Hux himself who stopped, eyes narrowed and fixed yet upon the tree-shrouded ruins of the dead city before them. He spoke very slow, and very careful. “You’re saying Rey knows who her father is?” Swinging his long legs over the crumbling edge, Kylo seemed more petulant than childish in his shrug. “Sure.” “Then…why pretend otherwise?” “In all honesty? It wasn’t pretending, at first. It was all very serious.” Though he hunched forward upon himself now, Hux could see no clear intention in the gesture; Ren’s eyes were unblinking where they rested upon his opened hands. “They really didn’t want her to know who her parents were. Because it would be…too much. Because even before she was born, even non-sensitives could tell she would be powerful.” Hux’s stomach had begun to crawl; Ren’s words had turned too light, almost mocking in their sing-song ease. “That’s a huge responsibility, right from the beginning.” His smile now was a brilliant thing, strikingly beautiful: a mask that could not take the misery from his dark still eyes. “They didn’t want her feeling pressured to live up to her family, or to avoid the mistakes some of them had already made.” Hux swallowed, words barely above a murmur. “Because of you.” The forests of Yavin 4 surrounded them on all sides, their edges soft against the late morning sky. It would rain, he thought, and soon. And Hux could not see now the stormy dark of Ren’s lowered gaze, the smile now utterly vanished. “The failed family experiment, yes.” He yearned to reach out, to lay his own hand upon a trembling shoulder. He kept that much to himself. But he still offered the low sympathy of a single word: a fate chosen, instead of forced. “Kylo.” Though he waved it away, Hux knew he had taken it to heart all the same. “But as it turned out, it really didn’t matter. She knew .” It was almost long-suffering, the look Kylo gave him then. “Right from the beginning. She saw Luke, and knew he was her father. It rendered the entire thing with my parents kind of moot.” Again his gaze slipped away, to somewhere far further than the horizon before them. “I don’t think she’s ever met her mother, aside from the obvious. But…she knows her. She can feel her. I don’t think her mother talks to her, but she doesn’t shield from her.” It hurt more than it should have to ask the next question. Still Hux wondered why it mattered. “Why did her mother leave?” “That, I really don’t know. But she’s not a Jedi – though she’s no Sith, either. But there were things she had to do.” His mouth twisted. “Things she didn’t want her daughter tainted by. Not until she had the age and strength to choose her own path for herself.” And his head bowed, as if such minor gesture could make an oversized body as small as he seemed to feel. “Or so Luke says.” “Kylo—” “I don’t want to talk about it, all right?” Hux let the quiet lie between them, a moment. At least the disaster of Kylo’s family could be said to put the small tragedies of his own into some perspective. “So, what surname does she actually use? Not Skywalker, surely.” That had him looking up, forehead still creased in faint line. “Organa, usually.” “Really?” It had him frowning; for all he loathed his own name, he still took a welcome degree of spite in using it, given how much it had always irritated his namesake to share it with such a failure. Not that he had any intention of changing it even now. “So why doesn’t she use Solo?” A sour look overtook his features, leaving them in unnatural shadow. “Well, it would have been traditional, sure. But when it was suggested, my father said no thank you very much, he already had one monster bearing his family name, he didn’t need two.” The chill of his bones and blood should have transmutated him utterly to ice. “He didn’t.” “He did. But maybe not in those exact words.” He’d turned to looking at the sky, again. “But I knew what he meant.” Hux had met Han Solo but the once, and only briefly at that. City gossip said he usually spent his time on Theron, both managing the Five Sabers races while training his own young pilots. And he recalled, vaguely, that both Dameron and Kylo himself had intimated that Kylo rarely flew – now, if ever. Fathers do not always know what is best for their sons, at all, at all. “You’re not a monster, Kylo,” he said, very quiet. But he knew why Han Solo had felt that fear. He’d known it himself, and more than once. But Kylo only sighed, shaking his head with a weariness far beyond his seventeen years. “No. I’m not. But a part of me is.” His gaze had turned wry, watery. “But you know that. Because you have the same thing.” Hux did know. It was the part of him that would have cheerfully put his hands around Chadri Dio’s neck and choked him until a purple tongue protruded from his mouth, eyes staring and blooming with the crimson stellate patterns of burst blood vessels. And he turned away, took a deep and unsteady breath, and looked down. It would be a long way to fall. He wondered why he felt as though he’d already hit the ground. “You don’t know much about lightsabers.” The non sequitur had him turning, frowning. “Why would I?” “You don’t have to be embarrassed. They don’t usually flaunt that sort of information around, even in the New Republic. I can’t imagine they gave you much in the First Order.” Strange shifts in logic had always left him uneasy in conversation; Kylo’s were really something out of even the worse leagues he’d previously known. “What’s your point?” “My saber.” “Yes?” “It’s red.” “So?” Kylo’s eyes rolled skyward, though not even that bright blue sky could hope to lighten their deep colour. “Tradition has it that only the Sith use red sabers. Yeah?” His lips tightened, understanding blooming like the first sparks of a forest fire. “But you’re not a Sith.” And he paused, said quiet, “…are you?” Kylo snorted, too comfortable to be a falsehood. “No.” Again Hux’s confusion began to grow, and with it returned his earlier irritation. Jedi temple or no, he had not come for esoteric lesson. “So, what – does it mean you’re going to be?” “No. It’s not really how it works.” Looking back down to his empty hands, his brow creased, the disaster of his dark hair falling into his eyes. “When I first constructed it, the crystal was whole. It seemed fine. But it cracked the moment I first ignited it. And the blade’s always been red, though the crystal had turned blue, the first time I held it.” “What, is it like some early warning system of you going to the Dark Side, or whatever it is when Jedi fall?” He shook his head, definite enough. “It’s just the way it has always been.” If Kylo was trying to make a point, Hux had no idea what it actually was. “I’ve told you before, I don’t hold much store in faith and destiny,” he said, and it must have been the wrong thing; Kylo only shook his head again, pressing his hands over his thighs. “You should.” That damnable lopsided smile had returned to his face again, this time curving in a manner almost sad. “But it’s okay. You can learn.” Glanced again to the horizon, jagged and green against the brilliant blue of the sky above, he nodded his head. Just once. “We have time.” “Do we?” “Yes.” His hand reached out, hovered over his for a moment, then retracted. “Yes, we do.” In the silence that remained, Hux stared out across the rainforests of Yavin 4, and wondered at what his time would be. His father was gone. That should have been the end of his time altogether. (“You’re part of the family, now.”) “My grandfather made his choices,” Kylo said, very quiet. “That doesn’t mean I don’t still get to make my own.” “But you’re worried.” And he laughed, without humour. “With a family like mine, wouldn’t you be?” Hux closed his eyes. What he’d had, had never been much of a home. But it had been his, once. It never would be again. “Families are complicated, yes.” Warm, overlarge hands closed about his face; they forced Hux to meet his eyes, uncaring of his surprise, or the knee he so nearly took to the gut. “Your father didn’t deserve you,” he said, fierce, low. “You’re so much better than he will ever know.” “Oh, he’ll know , Kylo.” When he smiled, it was all teeth and terror. “I’ll make damn sure he knows.” “Yes.” Kylo’s gloating glee was a terrible thing. “Yes, you will.” The sensation of Kylo’s skin against his own felt a potent drug; he pulled away before it could drag him under. Turning from Kylo’s frown he looked down the length of the dizzying steps, and then beyond to one of the temple courtyards. There upon the stones students moved in tandem, in rhythmic form. It held little enough in common with his faint memories of the ‘troopers, the cadets of the long-fallen academy. That had been all singular order. This was different. Each movement shone with an individual light, even as each different step leai to the same ultimate dance. “We should go in,” he said, sudden, rising. At his side, Kylo had gone very still. “Do we have to?” “Yes.” Hux looked only forward. “We do.” And Kylo blew out a short, fierce breath. “Duty comes so easy, to you.” The question sounded almost angry. “But what about desire?” Hux turned, looked down. “What about it?” Hux didn’t know what Kylo saw in his steady gaze then. But whatever it was, it had him turning, moving down, following something that hadn’t even entirely been an order. “Forget it,” he said, faint enough for all Hux still heard it. And as Kylo pulled ahead, Hux followed, picking a slower and more sensible path down. But somehow he already knew that they both never would. ***** Hux finds the general in absolute chaos. At first, he cannot even think – for the general himself cannot think, his once-orderly mind now a cacophony of conflicting thought and emotion. And yet he has not turned away from his duty, even now attempting to wrangle the situation back beneath his own durasteel control. A voice trembles at his side, exhausted, uncertain. “Sir?” The general doesn’t look up from the holopad before him, for all his eyes ache and blur at the endless stream of data on the multiple split of his screen. “If you haven’t finished collating the data, Lieutenant, I don’t want to hear it.” He has far more issues than he cares for, already. The Finalizer had made the jump to hyperspace cleanly enough, but the strain of additional bodies on board had caused them to burn through more fuel that he would have preferred. She had been fully staffed at the time of Starkiller’s own supernova death; they had evacuated almost a full quarter of the base’s staff onto her – and for all her massive size, she has precious little space for the base’s refugees. As it is, they are still tracking down the last of those ships known to have made their own hyperspace jumps, and accounting for those lost in the blast itself. Some wonder at the effort; the general considers it would be good staff otherwise wasted. And though the capture of those not yet docked could not mean much in the greater scheme of matters, given the Resistance had already destroyed the one weapon they knew most about, the general has no intention of allowing further staff to fall amongst their ranks. One defector is an anomaly. More than that, and it will become a full blown mutiny. Inside the general’s mind, Hux can barely hold onto the shape of his own thoughts; those of the general twist and twine and tear around his own mind, troubling and troubled. Something terrible has happened. Hux recalls the great weapon they had spoken of, had seen fired: apparently it lies now destroyed. And Hux himself cannot figure his own feelings on the subject, subsumed as they are by those of the general. It is sorrow, and disgust, and – despair, perhaps. They are an avalanche, and yet they are in turn buried beneath the general’s fierce desire to reorder the disaster visited upon them. And the general has not slept. Hux can feel the telltale jitter of stimulants, though not as many as might have been expected; he suspects the general has not seen his bunk for three, maybe four cycles. Yet the man remains on his aching feet, every movement quick and urgent. He barks orders, accepts new data, reformulates plans, issues new command. It exhausts Hux just to be in his mind. But the general falters not. There will be time enough for that, later. The thought burns Hux, for all it is not his own. Beneath it there is a…sense of something else. Of something yet looming. Of something that will bring everything to a screeching halt – everything of the general, at least. The First Order will go on. That is important. But still: that sorrow. That despair. Both are as small and shuttered as a child hidden beneath a bed, curled and crawled deep. But somewhere above he hears it still: the relentless beat of the rain, the bellow of a searching man tearing through a great empty house. And Hux closes his own eyes, deep within the mind of his other self, and shudders to remember the exact same sound. “Sir.” It is the same voice as before, even less certain now. Hux follows as the general turns his eyes upon the ashen-faced lieutenant, wilting in a uniform barely fit for inspection. “Mitaka.” The words carve a glacial path, unerring and without mercy. “I won’t repeat myself.” He shakes his head, hands twisted about his officer’s cap, no holopad in sight. “It’s an urgent call from the officer’s medbay.” His voice cracks on the last word; admirably, by the next, he at least sounds human again. “They request your immediate presence.” Scorn just barely covers the unnatural stillness that has overtaken the man now. “They cannot do their job without a general?” “I don’t believe it’s their job that is the problem.” Hux can read too easily the thoughts that move through the general’s mind now: it would be easy enough to turn away. To dismiss Mitaka and his misery, to walk away from something that is hardly his responsibility any longer. He has done all that has been ordered him: he has taken Kylo Ren from the disintegrating surface, and delivered the fool into the hands of those who will keep him alive for the journey. But it will be a fight to do achieve that goal, even if Kylo Ren is co-operative. As the general wordlessly glares at the lieutenant before him, Hux can see flashes of recent memory: of snow swirling in his eyes, crystallised on eyelashes even as the ground beneath his feet shifted, the uneasy lurch of land now free of true anchor, set adrift upon a sea of molten death. “The bridge is yours.” The order is abrupt, piercing through the unhappy officer like a blunt blade. “I will not be long.” When he walks through the corridors, they are not the pristine perfection of before. They are lined with people, faces desperate and determined, the air thick and frantic about them. The greatcoat billows out behind him, stride long and in perfect military time. Hux thinks even without it, all eyes would still have been drawn to the general. He feels it from them all: fear, and sympathy both. It is as if they behold a man walking to the scaffold – and not only are they glad that he makes that journey instead of them, they envy him the release that death will promise. But when they arrive at last to the officer’s medbay, Hux dimly wonders if perhaps this truly is a place of execution: the door is missing, the frame barely recognisable as such. The unnatural strain forced upon the metal has left it all in twisted ruin, and he cannot imagine this had been caused by the demise of Starkiller. Not when the rest of the ship appears so utterly intact. The medical officers themselves are barely better than the ruin of their surroundings. “General,” says one, wretched, whites bloodied and torn. “We would not disturb you, but—” “I understand the situation.” He does not even look to them. “Get out.” “Sir—” Now he turns. Stares. They cannot withstand it long, wincing, backing away. Their relief is a palpable thing to Hux, though the general pays it only the scarcest of heeds. Already he turns to the chamber opened before him. Few would call such a man a coward. But there are even fewer still who would walk willingly into the opened maw of such disaster. For it is a disaster here: one different to that of the ship beyond this room, but epic in its own scope. Pain radiates out from said chamber, and though it is not his own even the general’s step falters at the power of it. It spills over from the body laid before him, lone figure in a room too big for sole occupancy, given the crowded state of every other inch of the ship. But no other would share this room. The general himself stands here only by sheer force of will – Hux himself would have turned and fled, if he but could. But the general’s fury holds them both here. The cold eyes fix upon the body, one almost entirely naked; he wears only the briefest of underwear, to protect what little dignity could conceivably remain to a man in such a state. The bacta patches applied to vast swathes of his skin are already bleeding and broken, their haphazard state more to do with the heavy breathing of an almost exhausted man than the staff themselves. Hux knows suddenly from the general’s thoughts that they had had him in the tank originally. Ren had been blessedly unconscious when brought in. But of course it had not lasted. The general’s boots click fiercely at the heel as he steps closer. “Calmed down now, have we?” His laugh is mocking, but then almost astonishingly careless in this aching ruin of a room. “Was the absolute ruin of Starkiller not enough, that you now have to rip apart my star destroyer, too?” The dark eyes have an alarmingly clarity to them, where the head swivels to focus upon him. Even had he accepted any sedatives before, they are clearly long gone now. But the voice is a ruin: dry, hoarse, coming as if ripped from his throat. “It’s not your ship.” He snorts. “Perhaps not anymore.” It’s only a statement, the agony of it powerfully repressed. Hux still knows it. From the look in Ren’s strange eyes he suspects the other man does too, even as the general speaks light and deadly. “But I have not been relieved of command. Not yet,” he says, and he’s smiling utterly without humour when he adds, “she is still mine, for now.” Unspoken, he adds: and so are you . Ren turns his head abruptly. “I don’t want you here.” One hand rises as if to gesture him violently away; it barely trembles before falling useless to his bleeding side. “Get out .” The general does not move. Hux can feel the cold slow spread of that cruel smile. “But you called for me.” “I did no such thing! Those fools…” “Those fools have sense enough to realise only one person might control Kylo Ren. And that person is not Kylo Ren himself.” There’s something damp and darker than even the void in those eyes when Ren looks back, face a twisted rictus; for the first time, Hux sees the long cauterised wound that bisects his features into lopsided halves, and his stomach lurches; he has no idea how he had not seen it before. And when Ren speaks, it is slurring now, bitter and harsh. “I belong to Snoke, not you.” The general takes one more step forward. “Snoke doesn’t want you.” “He called me back!” The great body, as tattered now as the robes long since stripped away, struggles to sit up, to give the breathless words some force; about them, the air is thick and charged, the taste of ozone reminding Hux of an ion cannon on the brink of detonation. And the general actually laughs , low and light. “Has he ever struck you as the type to leave failure unpunished?” he says, almost gentle. In return Ren’s face folds in upon itself, the collapse catastrophic and complete. His eyes are clenched closed, his body very still now. And he speaks so low that Hux must struggle to make out the words, even though the general makes no visible effort to do the same. “Then why do you go back to him?” “I can’t bargain for my life with any voice other than my own.” The gloved hands have moved back to the small of his back, held there now in loose parade stance. “And I am no coward. I don’t run from my responsibilities.” Ren is silent for what seems a long time. “But he’ll kill you,” he whispers, and Hux cannot decipher what the blankness of those words might mean. The general does not even try, turning away, back to the door that is really no such thing any longer. “I have work to do.” He does not look back. “Allow the staff to do what they must to make their repairs. Leader Snoke is waiting for you.” But the general does not go far. The air about them feels suddenly electrified, almost magnetic – and then he cannot move, held still by some unseen force. But is an utterly known force. The general does not fight it, but his voice is a cold dagger between them. “Let me go.” “No.” “ Ren .” And his voice rises, sudden hysteria. “He can’t have you!” And then: biting, bruising, breaking: “You’re mine .” And the general wrenches free, turns around in utter fury. Ren’s power has much diminished. Hux still isn’t certain the man hadn’t just let the general go. The distinction doesn’t seem to make any difference to him, given the general has crossed the floor with dizzying speed, hands over him, holding him down, staring into the ruins of his face with perfect fury. And Hux must look upon the same thing, even as he wishes for nothing more to be free of this dream, and whatever cruel reality it echoes. While it had never beautiful, that face is become something twisted and broken now. Hux knows this even before he looks into those dark eyes and sees the haunted expanse of deadspace. The ruins of what had been there before. The Hosnian system, its utter destruction a moment of terror frozen into the cold vacuum of uncaring space. “No,” he says, and it’s almost pleasant, almost conversational, even as one hand presses lightly against the hyoid bone of a tight throat. “No, I am not yours. I never will be.” “Hux—” The word becomes a howl; the general’s other hand has moved down, swift across his side, stopping only where it might press with vicious force into the wound ripped open by the bowcaster blast. The ooze of bacta and blood increases by the moment, accompanied now by only a low moan of agony. With a sneer, the general draws back, looks with disgust to the ruin of his glove. And even as Ren curves beneath him, trying unsuccessfully to curl around the agony of his abdomen, the general moves onward. The gloved fingers skate over the tight and taut muscles of his thighs, dipping into the underwear, closing tight around the soft mass of his cock. “Is this what you want, you petulant child?” He gives a rough jerk, lubricated only by the most unspeakable concoction of fluids. And his voice hisses, lips curled around bared teeth. “Is this distraction enough for you? Do you really just want me abandon the reparations of the disaster you left me, and baby you through recovery?” Ren snarls, fight returning to him, bucking his hips. “Get your hand off me!” But the general has seated himself, and knows no surrender. “No.” His hand moves again, leather all but scraping along sensitive flesh. “If you want me to stop, then stop me .” Hux’s own stomach is a roiling mass as he feels Ren hardening beneath the general’s crazed touch. And the man’s hands fist in the sheets, mouth twisting in a terrible rictus of sudden agony, back arching. The general rides him with grim purpose, even as the head falls back, Ren’s breathing coming so hard Hux cannot believe he is not choking. It’s pain – but terribly, something very close to pleasure. There seems no difference between the two here and now. And the general keeps his hand around his cock, jacking him without any thought to what would make him happy. Ren writhes on the bed, dark hair stellate disaster against the clean starched linen of the bed. It must be painful for him; what little lubrication there had been is long gone now, save the leak of pre-come from the angry flush of his cockhead. And then, strangely, even as Ren’s hips begin to move in rhythm with the man’s hand, following, not fighting – the general begins to slow. Begins to stop. Ren’s eyes open, bloodshot misery, his lips twisted in petulant fury. “What are you doing now?” One hand rears back, takes him hand across the face. “I’m tired.” The general is rising even as Ren lies still and stunned in the wake of the blow. “I’m so sick and tired of you,” he adds, and when Ren’s mouth opens, he actually kicks the leg of the bed, jolting the entire construction in agonising shudder. “Just shut up, Ren. Shut up and let me have this.” Standing at the disgraced knight’s beside, the similarly disgraced general begins his endgame. Boots, trousers, underwear: all are taken off, put carefully and quickly aside. His jacket he leaves hanging open; the shirt beneath, too. The gloves remain on his hands. Turning to one of the cabinets, he wrenches the door nearly off its hinges, takes a bottle and cracks its seal, pouring the contents all over his hands. Bacta, cold but warming by the moment, can hardly be the most advisable of lubricants. But at least it will work against damage even as it is wrought. When he turns back to Ren, there is something very close to fear in his watchful eyes. But he does not move. Hux cannot be sure he even can. The general doesn’t give a damn either way, one hand around his cock again. It pulls, demands; and two of his own fingers slide back, slip into himself with scarcely a second thought. “What is this?” Ren croaks, and the general laughs, high and hysterical. For the first time, Hux realises that this is what going mad feels like. “I haven’t eaten. I haven’t slept. Not since Starkiller fell. All I’ve done is clean up after you.” He clambers up onto the gurney again with a surprising grace, knees digging into the divots of his waist, ankles hitched around his knees. Then he pokes him hard in the chest, but a moment from the hammering uneven beat of the knight’s great heart. “And you , all you’ve done is make this worse!” He reaches behind him, seizes the cock in his hand. “You can’t even lie still,” he taunts, and then his face contorts. “Stop moving , you idiot.” The general lowers himself – too fast, too harsh. The pain of it has Hux gasping to echo the general, whose head is thrown back, eyes wide, almost startled. It is the only thing breaking him free of the trance which has become his entire existence since he had dragged Ren from Starkiller. Beneath him, Ren draws a sobbing breath – and then, incredibly, he laughs. “Is this the only way you can prove yourself?” His hips jolt upward, very nearly toppling the still general. “How powerful can you really be, with my dick up your ass when I’m lying here half-dead?” The man lurches forward, hands digging deep into his shoulders. “Half-dead?” he hisses. “You could have killed me with a thought. You still could.” Again he reaches down, hand digging one more time into the bowcaster wound. Ren’s body arches like livewire, mouth opened on unvoiced scream. But he does not throw him off. And the general rises up, pushes down, and Hux can feel his rising pleasure in the mocking words. “You want this.” “Get off me!” “No.” And he pushes down, harder; the ache of it burns low in his abdomen, his dick already hard and aching. He’s drifting away, exhaustion and despair blurring with his pleasure. Ren’s face floats before him, furious and twisted – eyes reddened, skin translucent white, like the arm of a galaxy seen across a night sky. But his rise and fall does not stop, endless cycle, a perfect circle that will not be broken. “Tricked by a traitor. Defeated by a scavenger.” His laughter echoes about the chamber. “And now: the fuck toy of a general. All because you couldn’t kill your father without destroying everything that was worth anything about yourself.” Hux goes very still. This memory is new, this memory is— But the death of Han Solo at the hands of his erstwhile son is stolen, snatched away by fresh action; Ren is snarling, surging upward. And the general is smiling, bland and yet brilliant, as he reaches forward with one hand. There, it cradles his face for a moment, pausing Ren – and then fingers and nails dig into the cauterised tissue of the wound across his face. A high-pitched gasp, escapes, so close to a scream. When the general clenches tighter, the sound sharpens. Again, a pause: Ren’s eyes are blank, and the general is almost delighted. His hips grind back, and then: he is riding him even as Ren sobs, his face a mess of blood and bacta and stinging saltwater. Hux wants out. He cannot stand this. The general still moves and now Ren does not, and desperately he clenches his eyes shut, even as he cannot escape the feedback loop of the general’s mind, his pleasure and his madness and his pain, and he’s desperate, turning back to reality; clawing, ***** climbing out of the dream, gasping, chest heaving for air that did not appear to be available. Hux found himself in his own body again, one drenched in sweat. The too-hot air of the moon seemed cast over him like a shroud, clammy and harsh against pale skin. And he clawed at the light sleeping shirt, loosening the damned thing until he could throw it to the floor. The desire to cast his trousers to the same fate came strong, but – the memory of the general, of his motion upon the broken mind, the bleeding body beneath him. Half-hard in his trousers, Hux shoved one hand to his mouth, barely suppressing the scream that threatened. And the nausea pressed relentlessly on, the bitter lump of gall lodged to choking point in his throat. A knock shook the door to its archaic hinges – but then it had been more a thump, a fisted hand falling hard against the thick wood. As it rattled onward Hux lay very still upon his pallet, staring upward, not answering. But he didn’t need to call, to ask who it was. He already knew. The thump came again – far harder this time, as if he might dent even such thick worksmanship. As if a sleepwalker Hux rose, crossing the floor; it alternated between the raspy woven straw of the mats and hard stone, that latter far too cold against even his overheated flesh. Flicking the lock, Hux pushed the door open, found exactly what he had expected: a hulking figure in the darkness, no light in his hands, or in the black eyes that stared directly into his soul. “Ren.” A great tremor moved through him, pulsing powerful quake that moved across the void of space itself. Even in the dim light Hux could see so clear the incredulousness of his expression, already swiftly morphing into fresh alien anger. “ What did you call me?” But Hux felt no fear. He remembered all too well how that body had felt beneath his own – his own hands as claws, nails dug deep as blood welled over his skin. There could never be need for fear, not when he knew how to turn it to his own desire. And then, again, that sickness: it hit him full force low in the gut, his body turned chill, head suddenly swimming and spinning. With hand over his mouth, Hux turned away, bent double over a churning stomach. “…Hux?” And that small voice was not the man the general had put down. “ Kylo ,” he whispered, and now he turned back. Kylo still stood before him – and it was Kylo, even if he seemed smaller, somehow. As if something unseen had been bled from him. With hands made of thumbs Hux fumbled for the flintbox and lantern. The acrid scent of hydrocarbon came as a very nearly comforting thing, even as he took his time about lighting the damned thing. And then, for a long moment, he only stared into the small dancing flame. Much as it shamed him, Hux had become almost afraid to turn around. But Kylo remained there, still and silent. Closing his eyes, gritting his teeth, Hux dug deep into himself, searching out something like frank mettle. Kylo had come to him , after all, desperately seeking aid: a somnambulist, still trapped within the dream Hux himself had barely escaped from. It took more courage than he knew he might ever possess to walk forward, each step leaden, uncertain. One rising hand came at last to rest upon that mask-still face. Upon the same place where the saber wound had left him mutilated and branded. Kylo flinched, but Hux pressed down: and there he found only clear skin, for all it was clammy with sweat. Yet it still held a dreadful chill despite the heat of the humid air, even in this encompassing darkness. He had still not moved. Kylo instead stood with head bowed, hands fisted. And yes, Kylo had come looking for him, but suddenly it was as if Hux had missed their meeting, their single moment of absolute convergence. Even now he drifted away from what little anchor Hux could not provide, thrusting him into the dark void of a space that he could never hope to cross, not as he was now. “Kylo,” he said, soft voice too loud in such preternatural silence. Even with one wall open to the sky and earth beyond, Hux could make out no exterior sound at all. It left him with nothing but his own heartbeat in his ears, and Kylo’s harsh breath: laboured and too quick, something like a sob bubbling under each gasping sigh. It held no words, only purest misery. He supposed, in some clinical and detached part of his mind, that it might be a panic attack. He recalled having once had the experience himself, though he had certainly never been quite as dramatic as all this. And he had no real idea of how to stop it, or treat it. All he’d been able to do in his own case was push it down, deny it reality, drowning deep the entire thing in his own desperation to be better . Shifting the hand still upon Kylo’s face down to cradle his jaw, Hux pressed it slowly upward, looked into dark eyes that seemed a thousand lightyears away. He remembered his own experience bitterly well. Of course it had been in the senate buildings, but not even a specific thing had set it off. It had been a long series of weeks, each with their own small dramas. There hadn’t been one moment that had marked their culmination. But in the middle of a meeting he had taken to his feet, stepped quickly through the dim light of someone else’s presentation, and he had just – left . Nobody had followed him. Even if they had, he likely would not have seen them: walking down the corridor at a too-quick clip, blind and deaf to anything and everything around him. He hadn’t even realised it was the ‘fresher he aimed for until he moved inside, shutting the door tight against the world beyond. He hadn’t bothered with the light. It left him with nothing but darkness, save for what little reached in under the space beneath the door. It had had a curve to it, he remembered: brightest at its middle, like silver sunrise over a dark horizon. In the end he’d figured it for something closer to the event horizon of a black hole. Certainly it had felt like he was falling, but with no chance of respite. He would never hit the bottom. He would never be released. He would just remain in endless freefall, forever. “ Kylo .” The name might have been an invocation: he blinked, eyes turning wild, filled with images of some life he had never lived. “I killed him!” Choking, hands rising, he shoved at Hux’s own. But Hux had pressed them now about his jaw, holding him still, never breaking their gaze. In return Kylo’s hands grasped hard around his wrists, sure to leave a manacle of bruises, in time. “Hux,” he said, and clenched tighter still. “Hux, I killed my father .” “Kylo.” Even though they looked into each other’s eyes, he had the uncomfortable sensation that Kylo stared right through him. “You didn’t.” And then, when he said nothing, a shake. “He’s alive.” Now he moaned, eyes closing in fierce scrunch. “But I did .” He tried to shake his head, went nowhere with Hux’s hands upon him. “In some other reality, some other time: I killed him!” “Not here.” How he ached to slap him. “Not now.” Instead he leaned close, forehead to forehead, glaring fit to light a fire. “Not ever .” His eyes opened, the voice turned hushed, hoarse. “You can’t promise me that.” He gritted his teeth, lip curled. “Watch me.” Those cursed eyes searched his then, their scrutiny leaving him feeling stripped raw. And Hux couldn’t be sure what he found. But barely more than half a minute later had Kylo sagging back, shaking his head, his entire body gone limp. Something had been taken from him – some demon exorcised, for all Hux had not seen its passing. And he was shivering, again, despite the damnable heat of this tiny tropical moon. But there was still work to do. The gangling body had never seemed so long, so apparent : they moved only in slow pacing walk as Hux guided him out of the room, and then down. When seated on the wooden edge, it left the forest but a few metres away; the valley stretched out below, a bowl full of stars. Leaving him there, Hux turned. A hand caught about his wrist, again. Wincing at the fresh sensation of bruising yet to come, a second bracelet of purple and deep night-sky blue, Hux looked down, nearly lost himself again in those damnable eyes. “Don’t go.” Wrenching his arm back didn’t break Kylo’s grip. “It is my room, Kylo.” When that still was not enough to earn his freedom: “I’m just getting you some water.” Then, almost desperate, “And I need a new a shirt.” Something flickered in his dark eyes as, for the first time, they actually looked at Hux; they shone terribly bright despite the darkness. And they passed very slow over a view he had wanted, but hours ago. But the dream remained: of the general’s opened shirt, his face twisted in fury as he’d moved upon the prone body of the shamed knight beneath him. Kylo looked away. His voice had turned very small. “Thank you.” Hux said nothing as he moved back inside. His own blood had become like ice, even as his skin prickled with warm sweat. It had never been like this in Coruscant, with its scheduled weather and rigidly controlled atmosphere. Even Arkanis, with its constant rain, had never had the heat to match anything so suffocating as this. But he felt glad, all the same. It would never be his place – not with his pale skin and bright hair, and his preference for clothes that didn’t wilt and crease within thirty seconds of being put on. The brief flickering light of the lantern, so unlike the reliable control of his home, his workspace. And then even the water he poured into a toothglass, taken from a carafe he’d taken from the well in the courtyard, given the temple had no plumbing to speak of. This was not his place, no. As he moved back out onto the veranda, he supposed that for all his power, it would never be Kylo’s, either. But they were here, now, and perhaps that said something for where they might be, one day. Together . Kylo’s hand still had that shake to it when Hux offered him the glass. Clumsy fingers couldn’t hold on; Hux winced, waited for the crash. But it stilled before the moment of disaster, half over-turned, water in sloshing arc. Both had stopped upon the air itself. The water moved first, reversing back into the glass with elegant swiftness, the glass now steady in Kylo’s hands, brought down to be held at the level of his hips. But he only stared into the clear depths, took no drink. Already he appeared calmer. Sturdier. Without thinking, Hux laced his hands together before his hips. They would have been shaking, if not for how tight he had folded them together. And he shifted in the silence, the roughspun shirt harsh against overheated skin. But it was not the same silence of before. That had vanished, as if after a storm. There remained instead the sound of night creatures about their work, brief rustle of wind through the broad-leafed trees, the low buzz of insects. He could even make out the faint ghost of light, moving; fireflies, perhaps. He’d never seen a real one. A live one. Not outside of holos, and the caverns of his own imagination. And with that Kylo gave a low sigh. It came steady enough, though the words held a light patina of panic not yet entirely banished. “…you were so angry at me.” Hux’s words came flat, unyielding and true. “That was the general. I wouldn’t hurt you like that.” But the haunted eyes told the remembered story of a place where that would have been the most banal of lies. “But…what if I wanted you to?” “Kylo—” “I liked it.” And he laughed, wild and miserable, the terrible echo of a broken body beneath bitter hands. “Part of me liked it.” Again Hux found himself staring at his hands, having nowhere else to go. The memory of it burned with bitter bright flame: how it had felt, to have so much power trembling beneath his furious grip. And his own body, half-naked but that of a general still, relishing the burn as he’d taken the oversized cock into himself. It had been nothing but his own desire, his own demands. Ren could have denied the general anything. But he had instead given the man everything. “When I said I wasn’t right. When I was a kid.” Kylo paused, painfully so. “I…heard voices. A voice. In my head. All the time.” Then, sudden, vicious and panicked both: “I’m not crazy. Don’t look at me like I’m crazy .” Though the heightened emotion of the moment pounded in his blood like a second wild heartbeat, Hux spoke slow, careful, very nearly mild. “I wasn’t.” At first, Kylo did nothing more than stare – the whites of his eyes circled the blown pupils, leaving him looking like nothing so much as a maddened feral beast. And Hux had never seen such a thing – save through the boundaries and borders of the city’s zoological gardens. Safe and sound and so far from the true dangers of the worlds beyond the Core. And then Kylo turned violent and away, eyes snapping down to the glass in his hand. He looked upon it as if it were an alien artefact, unknown and infuriating; with an explosion of fierce movement he thrust his head and the vessel back, long throat working, gulping at the water which still ran in rivulets down jaw and into the vee of his sleeping shirt. And then, when it was over: he cast the thing violently aside; Hux couldn’t hold back a flinch, waiting for the inevitable crash. But it did not come. As if guided by an unseen hand, it instead gently floated down to a rest upon the floor. But Kylo paid the entire action what seemed to be no heed whatsoever, staring forward again with blind purpose. When Hux followed his gaze, half-fearful of what might be found there, he found only the stars of Yavin 4: bright unfamiliar patterns in an unfamiliar sky. With skin prickling again, Hux looked back to the glass. It sat silent and motionless now, unmoving and unmoved. The general had pressed himself up against that power, challenged it, beaten it down into something for his own satisfaction. Hux could only stare at this the most mundane use of it, and feel his abdomen clench and his heart twist in knots that might never be undone. “You said your aunt helped,” he said, voice a tight coiled spring destined only to backfire on the one who primed it. “But did you ever…” “What?” Kylo sounded somewhere terribly far away. For all Hux knew, he actually was. Taking a deep breath, one that still didn’t manage to get him anywhere enough oxygen for basic function, Hux looked to him, found still the dark head turned to the sky. “Did you ever tell them how it really was?” he asked, slow. “Not just that it existed. But that it was…” Kylo snorted, voice a low pulse, like sudden arterial gout. “Tearing me apart, you mean?” It was hard to swallow against the sandpaper scrape of his throat. “And was it?” His hands clenched to abrupt fists – and for a bright bleeding moment, Hux thought Kylo might put one through the wall. Or his face. Then he sighed, head bowed, hands pale and still at his sides. “Sometimes I don’t know how I survived it,” he whispered, and when he face turned up to the starlit sky, it seemed a pale mask, still and silent. “Sometimes I think I wasn’t even supposed to. But I did. I did .” And when he turned then to Hux, his eyes somehow managed to be both the brightest and the darkest parts of his room. “I told them some of it, I guess. Not all of it. They wouldn’t have understood.” Unspoken words followed: but you do. They filled Hux to bursting with the sudden desire to take to his feet, to run into the jungle and keep moving until his legs gave way and his lungs gave out, until he lay prone and fallen in the place that would become his grave. But he did not move. There seemed no point, when he had nowhere else to go. “Did they ever tell you what it was?” “No. I don’t think they ever knew. I don’t think they know even now, what it really was.” Now his long legs twitched; he stretched them out before him, mouth twisted in a half-pained grimace as he folded forward in half, rubbed one thumb along his calf. “But Uncle Luke always told me, if I heard it again, to tell him.” Hux’s own hands spasmed, but did not move. “And have you heard it again?” Kylo stilled. “No.” It hung there, for a moment – but when Kylo chose not to speak again, Hux could not let it go. Not with the fall it promised. “You don’t sound sure.” And now Kylo drew his legs back in, folded them tailor-style beneath himself; his flexibility always startled Hux, for all it was completely natural, given his training and lifestyle. But when Kylo shook his head, Hux could focus on nothing else but the troubled depths of his strange eyes. “There’s…a disturbance. In the Force.” “Oh, here we go again.” “It’s not a joke.” He even managed to sound somewhere between gloating and apologetic when he added, “And you’re a part of it now, anyway.” Hux closed his eyes. It didn’t help. It never would. “The dreams.” “The dreams,” he repeated, though his silence didn’t last long. “If it makes you feel any better, you’re probably not the only one. A lot of people are probably…troubled, now.” And in the darkness of his mind he saw only the remembered image of Nahani Gillen, lovely and silent before the city of Coruscant, slim silhouette against the lurking shadow of some unseen beast. Hux opened his eyes, found little brightness to blink back against. “It’s that bad.” “Yeah.” Now he stretched out his arms behind him, bracing his weight upon the opened palms as he turned his face towards the sky. “Uncle Luke thinks you’re probably getting it worse than other non-sensitives, though. Because of me.” In profile, his face became only all the more remarkable. “What, you’re projecting at me or something?” “No. At least, not intentionally.” His lips curled around the thoughts, words coming slow and troubled. “It’s a…proximity thing, I guess. We’re kind of connected.” “Because we fucked in another lifetime?” His face shuttered, went very still. “I don’t want to talk about that right now.” That’s a change , he thought, sour and silent. But Hux knew better than to try and score points in a losing game. And the memory of the dream had turned his stomach again too, lazy and pressured and full. “You’re not crazy, Kylo.” Those words had him looking over at last, with a wry and lopsided smile. “Do you really believe that?” This life had given Hux little to believe in – his family, his father, his future. He doubted the Force would have much to offer him, either. But the strangeness of this place suited them both, even if nothing else did – liminal, but not quite lonely. “Yes,” he said, very quiet. “Yes, I really do believe that.” Whether or not is was true didn’t even seem to matter, anymore. There was something different, now – in just sitting together. Being here. Hux was not familiar with the day cycle of Yavin 4, but from the quality of the light suspected dawn remained some way off; he did not think them near enough the equator for the shift to be so sudden. “I could use a cigarette,” he said, utterly without thinking; the perplexed look this earned him from Kylo echoed his own sentiment exactly. “You don’t smoke.” “No.” And he sighed, allowed his hands to clench to light fists. “No, I don’t.” And Kylo looked away. “But he does.” Now, instead of the craving for a cigarra – Hux could taste upon his tongue only bile, and the sharp sting of bacta mixed with blood. Swallowing hard, resisting the urge to turn and spit, he held fiercely onto silence instead. Then, again without quite thinking, “The grand admiral doesn’t, either.” “What?” Kylo’s eyes had turned vibroblade-sharp. “How do you know that?” He snorted, though there was little enough scorn in it. “Call it a hunch.” “I usually call it the Force.” This time he just sighed, stretched his own legs out before him, bare toes pointed in the starlight. “While I’m quite willing to accept its strong presence in your life, Kylo,” he said, eyes fixed upon one bright star, “I can’t say that I myself require a close personal relationship with the Force.” “It’s beautiful.” He said it so slow, so reverent; it almost hurt him to hear it. “What?” “When it’s not sad. It’s beautiful.” And Kylo had turned to him now, dark eyes seeming to fill the world. “I could show you.” Without quite realising it, Hux found he’d actually begun to lean away from him, as if retreating from some great and terrible source of burning heat. “Kylo. You’re exhausted. Overwrought.” Already he steadied his muscles to rise, to move yet further away. “You need to sleep.” “I’m going to show you.” Determined, undeterred – Kylo’s hand reached out, bridged the gap between them. And the long blunt fingers closed in and around his own, the heat of him like a brand. But Hux did not pull back. He followed instead Kylo’s gaze, without even looking back for a point of reference. The empty glass sat just where it had been abandoned, but Kylo’s intense gaze had once more locked upon the thing. And Hux trembled beneath his touch – trembled beneath the force of it. For this must have been the Force: a sudden livewire explosion along every nerve and tendon, his muscles alight, his entire arm become an alien burning thing. Their palms opened, blooming dual flower – and the waterglass rose, light as a feather upon the air, tremulous and alone. “Stop it,” Hux whispered. And he did not even realise Kylo had come so close; his answer vibrated along his skin, velvet-soft and so very lovely. “Can you feel it?” “Of course I can feel it!” Hux clenched his eyes shut, words hissing out between gritted teeth. “It hurts .” The shattering of the glass broke whatever spell it was – had it been anything so mundane as a spell. And Kylo reared back, hands now clenched in his lap, eyes downturned and voice as tight as the tremble of his words. “It…it shouldn’t hurt.” “Well, it did .” It seemed as though his whole body fell to drooping, like a rainforest denied its most basic need. “I didn’t want to hurt you.” “I don’t want to hurt you, either,” he said, sharp, and that was an entirely new variety of pain – because he could remember how good it had felt, to do just precisely that. “Come on, then. Get up. Come lie down.” That, at least, got his attention. “You’re letting me stay, then?” “It’s probably for the best.” Silence prickled between them for a moment; even in the shadows, Hux could see something about his expression that almost looked like shame. “I’m not sure I can sleep again. After that.” With a low snort, Hux brushed himself off, even though it wasn’t as if he could have gathered much dust in such humid air. “I wasn’t really planning on sleep, myself.” And then, stiff with sudden rejection, “If you don’t want to stay—” “I want to.” It came quick, tripping over itself. The next words were much smaller, though hardly less than sincere. “Thank you.” With faint colour high in his cheeks, Hux turned away, and then frowned at the bed. Little more than a moderate pallet, it could hardly sustain them both. The room itself felt barely big enough; even the open wall could not truly dispel the stuffiness of the room, and the hanging lantern, small though it was, radiated additional heat. But the thought of dimming its flame turned his stomach, chilled his blood in all the wrong ways. Hux only allowed himself a moment of debate. Then he reached down with renewed vigour, stripping the blankets back, grabbing the pillow as he straightened up again. It likely as not would prove to be less than comfortable. But it wasn’t as if either of them expected to sleep, anyway. Kylo only watched him go about his wordless work, building a small nest upon the wooden planks of the veranda. As he sat back on his heels, surveying the improvised result, Hux felt somewhat surprised there were no insects seeking their blood. With that said, he hadn’t noticed them at all, anywhere about the temple. It could be the sweet scent of the lamp driving them back, perhaps. But with Kylo’s eyes upon him, Hux put his hands on his thighs, and pushed to his feet. Likely as not, it wasn’t so simple as all that. Nothing around here ever seemed to be. “In you go.” Something unspoken, unsaid – it moved between them even as Kylo himself did. And then he was on his knees, then on his back, in the closest approximation they had of Hux’s bed. This is a mistake . Hux made it all the same, unable to iron out the sudden stiffness of his muscles as he lay down beside him. Kylo displayed no such reticence, curling up at his back as one arm slid beneath his head in apparent parody of the pillow he kept otherwise all to himself. But Hux’s earlier hypothesis was already proving correct; in this humidity, the heat of that huge body proved unbearable. It should have been easy to shove him back and away, considering the circumstances. He never would have never allowed this, before. But he could not. Kylo was at this moment little more than an overgrown child, and one desperately in need of comfort. And you’re not that much older than he is, besides. Hux still sighed. “It’s too warm, for this.” Wordless, Kylo rolled onto his back. But he did not withdraw his arm. And Hux did not push it away. Instead one hand came to rest upon the muscle of his left biceps: a solid weight, warm, but not uncomfortably so. Even as he curled in on himself, Kylo’s arm came in cradling form about his chest, breath tickling light the fine downy hair at the nape of his neck. Hux knew that he must present a truly pathetic picture to any outsider. Certainly his father would have disowned him on the spot for such casually displayed weakness. And yet he still could not bring himself to draw back and away. “You never told me about the dreams of the Grand Admiral,” he said, so soft that for a moment he could kid himself that Kylo would not hear. “So…what happens, in them?” He remained quiet for so long, breath even and slow, that Hux believed he had fallen asleep. “They’re…not like the dreams of the general.” Kylo sounded guarded – and unhappy, though Hux did not feel as though the emotion had been directed at him. “They’re…feelings, more than actual stories. Sensations. Like…the general and Kylo Ren. It’s like watching a holomovie. The Grand Admiral, well…it’s colour, on canvas. Light upon dark. Dark upon light. Shifting and strange.” It left Hux almost afraid to ask the inevitable. “And what feelings does he give you, specifically?” “Sadness.” This answer was somehow worse than anything else. “I see you in white, beautiful and bright and shining, and somehow…I just feel sad.” In the quiet they allowed, now, Hux could make out the distant movement of unseen animals. And he took a slow breath, tasted how strange it was: the heavy air of a tropical rainforest, pregnant with moisture, heavy with heat. He’d never have thought to know this. But mere weeks ago, he’d been in his office, watching Chadri Dio steal his work and name it his own, and all he’d had to worry about then was the method by which he’d slow murder the smarmy bastard. “But then, if I was Grand Admiral,” Hux began, falling easily to slow, logical progression, “you never would have been born.” “I would always have been born.” It might have been arrogance, perhaps. But Hux knew enough of Kylo now to hear the faintest hint of regret beneath the bravado. “It doesn’t matter what reality it is. I’m a Skywalker. It’s just the way of the galaxy.” Hux only murmured a soft assent. Whatever this was, it had moved far beyond the realm of his own understanding. Instead he chose to stare out into the forest, to unanchor his mind and let it drift aimlessly on deceptively calm seas. It gave him no real sense of sleep, but: still he knew the passing of time. It was a softer sound than Kylo’s even breaths that coaxed him back to full awareness. Rain fell against the thatched roof above their heads, already forming small waterfalls where it began to coast down. It already proved far heavier than what he had been accustomed to, as a child. Small as he had been, Hux still remembered many a night spent curled into the stiff starched sheets of a too-large bed, the ongoing pitter-patter of relentless rain upon the roof. This rainfall might more accurately be termed a monsoon. With Kylo beside him now, Hux lay awake as he had then. But for the first time he knew an odd calm in it – with this warm body at his side, sleeping onward, utterly undisturbed. He did not have to worry about his father, in this house. Hux supposed he technically no longer had a father at all, besides. Rising up on one elbow, Hux turned, looked down at his companion properly. Kylo slept on, curled into the sweaty warmth Hux had left behind. The peacefulness of his rest made him almost childish: the bulk of him somehow diminished, made small, leaving him for a moment hardly greater than Rey’s own age. But he could not help but wonder what it would look like – that fine white canvas of skin, painted fresh with blood and bruise and broken bone. Hux turned away, mouth twisted in a grimace, nails curled into palms. The craving for a cigarette struck him as oddly violent, considering he’d never before had opportunity enough to savour such a filthy vice. But then, there might never have been a better time than now to start. Even though he intended to dress, Hux did not take the time to wash first – even if he’d wanted to he would have needed to return to the well for fresh water. But he would not go out in sleeping clothes, even those borrowed. Instead he dressed himself in a fresh outfit of neutral tones, beige and brown and deep burnished orange. His own boots, black and shiny and so clearly of the city, sat very clearly at odds with everything else. In that they matched his uncertain step as he traversed the arcades and corridors that would take him back to the great central courtyard. Even in this darkness he still knew the shape of the rising pyramid in the distance, the faintest hint of dawn smudged all along the edges of the sky. The covered walkways kept him dry. He realised that he would not be able to venture far beyond their cover, not if he wanted to stay that way. But it didn’t matter, in the end – at the terminus of the last one, Hux caught sight of a layered pavilion. It wasn’t one he’d seen before; given the size and shape, he figured it for a place of gathering, of joint meditation. But there was just one person there now, small and slight silhouette. Perhaps he should have let it lie. Hux moved forward all the same. “What are you doing out here, Rey?” She didn’t look up from her where sat cross-legged at the room’s centre, concentric patterns radiating out from beneath her in stellate grace. “Couldn’t sleep. The rain, you know?” Then, when he’d come close, had already taken a place by her side: “And I had a bad dream.” Hux first came over hot, and then very cold. Dreamsharing with Rey …Kylo could scarcely cope with them at seventeen. He could not bear to consider what an eight year old girl would make of the disastrous relationship he had just seen play out in brilliant violent detail inside his own head. But she spoke first, chewing absently on her lower lip, eyes so dark as to be almost brown in the dim civil dawn. “It was about Uncle Han.” His own voice croaked, on the return. “Oh?” And yet she hardly seemed to notice, eyes fixed and far away, mired deep in some vision he could not help but be glad he could not himself see. “I was watching. From up high.” And she took a deep breath, held it tight, didn’t seem to let go even when the words came out, all in a rush. “It was…inside a big building. Some sort of base, I think. It was snowing outside. I couldn’t see it, but I knew it. I’d been outside. It was so cold. It hurt .” “Rey—” But she held a hand up, the gesture oddly mature; for moment she seemed a wizened old woman, bent and shrunk with great age. “Ben was there too,” she went on, forehead folded, lips pursed, as if she recited the story before some grand jury and had to get every detail perfectly correct. “Standing on this catwalk, thing , across the whole space. I couldn’t see the bottom of the room.” Now when she drew a deep breath, it hitched on an obvious sob. “Uncle Han was with him.” “ Rey .” But he did not reach out for her, much as convention told him that he should. And when she glanced to him, the expression she wore could almost have been pitying. Barely a moment passed before she glanced away again, and back to the clear cool skies far above them both. “Ben didn’t know me,” she whispered, and something twisted in her voice then, tearing and tight. “And I didn’t know him . Like…I knew it was Ben. But then I didn’t . I didn’t know he was my cousin. That he was mine .” Hux closed his eyes, felt the scratch of saltwater even though they remained utterly dry. The general had known. The general had seen . And then the general had put his hands on Kylo Ren and— “There’s something wrong in the Force.” Rey spoke, soft, too terribly certain. “I know I’m just little. But I know it.” And Brendol Hux Jr. had no idea what could be said to that. Yet it seemed Rey had expected no answer, because she turned to him as he opened his eyes, took his much larger hands in her own, and squeezed tight. “But we can fix it.” Even in the dim gloom, he could make out the bright gold flecks in her hazel eyes, now. “Because that’s what we’re here for.” The words sounded alien, peculiar, as if spoken from great distance. “Do you really think so?” “I know so.” And she smiled, bright and sudden as equatorial dawn. “And I think you know it, too.” “I don’t know anything about the Force.” “But you know Ben.” She patted his hands, again. “That’s enough.” And then she curled in close to his side, small and warm and so dreadfully solid, absolutely real as she sighed, said with contented certainty, “it’s always been enough.” Even as she closed her eyes, settling to something dangerously like sleep, Hux could only look into the distance. Already the bright beginnings of sunrise burned his eyes, made it hard to see anything at all. But it’s not Ben I know , he thought, Rey still a drowsing weight on his left side. I only know Kylo . And even in the heat of the air, Hux shivered. Chapter 5 Notes: ...so, I managed to write another chapter, and given that it's been less than a month since the last AND I know how the epilogue goes, I might actually just finish this...? I'm still not sure how many more chapters there are to go, though, so we'll see. I do have a little bee in my bonnet about finishing this, though, so maybe we'll all get there in the end. At any rate, if you're here and reading, thank you so much for sticking with me. It means a lot, especially as this is such a niche Hux-centric story, but...it's the story my brain gave me. So. <3 I'm trying to be more positive about things this year, so...I'll keep writing, and see where this goes. ETA: I can't believe I forgot to do this, but @heartfullofrain did the most amazing gifset to go with this fic, and I adore it. I can't begin to explain how much I shrieked when I saw it. Which I didn't , because I was at work, but I went so red my workmates were all "what's WRONG" and I was like "NOTHING" but grinned like a fool for the rest of the day. <3 Also, the lovely @noxogoth literally finished a commission I'd asked of her just after I published this, so: HERE IT IS , and it's a scene from the previous chapter. Because the boys lying together in a soft and liminal moment is my fucking kryptonite, okay. It's just...everything I hoped for, and more. :D When he woke, it was to find the world still wet with rain and rising steam. But even in such sticky heat it appeared new, refreshed, redone. Hux himself did not feel to be any of those things, save maybe for hot and damp. Turning back from his contemplation of the world beyond his borrowed room, he looked down to the wooden boards. Kylo, large lanky frame now all but cocooned in the blankets, lay yet sleeping. Exhaustion had taken him low, and apparently still held him there. Even as Hux stared, he did not stir, that strange beauty as distant and silent as the stars slowly going out overhead. Something shifted, hungry and helpless, low in his abdomen. Hux closed his eyes, breathed through his nose. The earlier dreams had been one thing. They had been another life, another reality – albeit one entangled with his own, and that not by his own will. But to think of such things now, when he had seen the general bring his knight so low… The guest ‘fresher lurked not far down the corridor. Alone in the half-dark of it, Hux drew cool water from the bucket, wetting his skin to damp sheen. Rubbing the soap between his palms, he created light lather. There he paused, breath coming too quick, eyes tightly closed, the prickling heat of his groin a short sharp demand. When his hand closed around his cock, he felt deep guilt. But he also knew relief. And in that, arousal reigned supreme. It didn’t take long. His mind, thankfully, conjured up no real images. Instead he found himself overwhelmed by snatches of sound, and of sight. With his mind so overtaken, there was no room for thought itself; instead he came quick, hard, and found himself utterly unsatisfied. With jaw set, he turned back to the bucket. The water level sat terribly low, but Hux rinsed himself off entirely. And then, he started all over again. Returning to his room, he found that sometime in the interim Kylo had woken, and was now gone. For a long moment he stood in stillness, struck hard by the terrible suspicion that somehow Kylo had known – that Kylo had felt Hux take that reluctant pleasure in the memory of his other self’s degradation. But they shared dreams, not active thoughts. And Hux shook his head, turned to the small trunk sitting across from his pallet. After searching through the borrowed clothes stored neatly within, Hux took his time about getting dressed. Ordering himself had always been familiar ritual, both before and after the Order; he gave himself to it willingly, and entire. But he had barely finished the task to his exacting standards when there came a hesitant knock on the door. He sighed, held himself to stillness. The door opened behind him all the same, a figure slipping silently inside. His guilt must have given him away. He wondered if it always would. Stepping close beside him, Kylo didn’t wait for his late answer. Given he still didn’t feel quite ready for words just yet, Hux kept his thoughts about that to himself. But Kylo only sighed, looked down at his hands, opened before him. “Don’t feel bad,” he said, sudden for all its quiet tone. “I did it, too.” Hux’s own hands curled to loose fists at his sides, his face turned away. “I didn’t need to know that.” But when Kylo said nothing in immediate return, Hux found he could not look away for long. In the soft golden light of earliest dawn, Kylo’s features held a striking age that full light would no doubt steal away again. But his dark eyes – those would not change, would not lose their sheen of shadow. And there was no bawdiness to him now when he said, almost too gentle, “Didn’t you?” “I…” He gathered his upper lip beneath the lower, then let it go on a sigh. “Kylo,” he said, even as he wondered how old he himself appeared in such liminal light, “does it even matter ?” “I think it does.” Then he blinked, two times, too quick. “Do you think he loves him?” “What?” His throat worked in sharp swallow, eyes dropping away. “The general,” he said, and his face turned back to the sky, caught again what little light was yet there. “Do you think he loves Kylo Ren?” The words came hard, drawn like sand over skin. “At this point, I hardly think that matters, either.” “It matters to me.” “ Kylo .” But there he paused, not even quite knowing what it was that he warned Kylo against. And then he realised he had no idea what to say at all. Instead he raised his right hand, rubbed the knuckles first into one eye, then shifted to the other. When he looked up again, Hux found Kylo a blur of light and dark. “I…am in the general’s mind, yes,” he began, with true difficulty. “But he doesn’t know I’m there. And his thoughts…” He trailed off, felt a flare of odd and impotent fury. “I don’t know what it’s like for you, inside my mind. But…I can’t imagine you have immediate access to everything of me. If that makes any sense.” Turning away from the lightening sky, and the still-dark forest beneath, Kylo leaned against the stone frame of the open wall. There, with arms crossed too tight over his broadening chest, he first pursed his lips. Then, he blew out a short and sharp breath. “It makes sense,” he admitted, and gave him a wry half-smile. “Probably more than you know, really. Because you’re right. Mind-reading isn’t like picking up a holopad and just flicking through to whichever screen you want. There’s no search function. It’s possible to push deep into someone’s mind, sure. You can wrench what you want free, if you know how. But almost all of the ways to do that…they can hurt.” His face turned away, voice now flat, almost alien. “And they can kill.” Hux made no attempt to reply – only watching, only waiting. For what, he did not know. He supposed perhaps it didn’t matter. And in the end, Kylo gave another sigh, hunched forward over himself so unruly hair fell over his shuttered eyes. “Surface thoughts are easiest,” he muttered, hands now pressed into the space between chest and biceps. “That’s just the most active part of your consciousness. And I would guess that’s what you get from the general.” Hux found his own hands moving back behind him, fingers hooking together in something he dimly recognised as lazy parade rest. “I guess so,” he replied, very slow, even as he made no move to stand any other way. “It’s all…mostly what’s in front of him. Or other things that are raised by, or pertain to, the situations around him.” When Kylo looked up, it was accusing in a way Hux could not quite understand. “But you still can’t tell if he loves him.” “Kylo.” He meant to sound angry. It only came out tired. “What does it really matter?” The tightening of his jaw spoke of words held fiercely back. Kylo never did say them aloud, instead looking away. Light had crested the horizon proper now, the ghost-like shimmer of distant Yavin beginning again to take on something of its true crimson cast. “Even if he did love him,” Hux said, very quiet, “what he’s doing isn’t fair.” He laughed, then, utterly without humour. “I’m hardly a candidate for sainthood myself, but even I know what happened in that medbay…it wasn’t right .” Kylo didn’t turn from the dawn. “But he’s you .” “In another reality, if you are all to be believed.” The words twisted are they grew sharper still. “Unless you think I could do that to you . Right here, and right now.” The ugliness of his tone shifted again to something deeper, darker. “Is that what you want, Kylo?” He stared, now, face fathomless and dark in fresh shadow, before looking back to the sky. “Maybe.” And then, almost too quiet: “If it’s all you have to offer.” The urge to strike him across his idiot face took him hard, though not entirely by surprise. And he was not taken over by it for one simple reason: the haunted, hurting realisation that that, under everything else, was what made him the same person as the general. That had Hux turning away, entire body tensed and torn by the urge to run. To leave Kylo behind. To leave all of this madness to the Jedi, and those unfortunate enough to be loved by them. And to love them, in return. “Hux.” He felt, rather than saw, the impotent hand reaching between them. “I’m sorry .” If not for the fact Kylo sounded on the verge of tears, Hux might have walked away. Instead he turned back, and only watched as Kylo first lurched forward, and then gave up. Now seated upon the edge of the stripped pallet, he curved forward, head in his hands, shoulders hunched into hard tension. “I don’t know what’s going on.” When he glanced up, his dark eyes had turned black and bleak. “And what I saw, it…” Without really thinking of the motion, Hux sat down heavy at his side. “We should have stopped it. Long before now.” And even with the radiating heat of that great body, so close and so yearning, Hux tangled his fingers bruise-tight around one another, held firm in his own lap. “Whatever those two people became, they…they are not us .” Catching Kylo’s eye, he added with a finality he did not himself entirely feel, “We made different choices. We still have different choices.” “But what if that is who we are to become?” Something close to panic had entered his tone, turned it bitter and too quick. “What if we’re wrong? What if they aren’t different realities, but…our future ?” When he laughed, it barked out, sharp and high. “You become the general. I become the knight. And then, somewhere down the line…” Hux closed his eyes. The scent of victory had always been sweet to him, like blooming blood-roses and the ground after rain; he could feel the weight of white fabric, billowing from gilded epaulettes. The sound of the crowd was but a distant roar. What he held in his hands instead felt closer to reality, this orb and sceptre sculpted in his name, of his line, freshly born and coronated. And he sighed, inwards and out, and let it go. Such vision could but be so very strange, given that in dreams they had all only seen the grand admiral – and never Hux’s deepest most painful wish. He opened them. “I don’t know a lot of the general’s mind,” he said, very quiet. “But I do know he was born to command. Or at least, born to the First Order. He wasn’t removed from that environment, not the way I was.” Something between bitterness and relief coloured his next words. “He never knew anything different.” Kylo’s plush lips had tightened to impossible line. “Are you sure ?” “Well. Maybe not as sure as I am of the fact that if I myself tried to return to the Order now, I’d never make general by thirty-one.” The barely repressed anger of the words appeared to pass Kylo right by. “He was thirty-one when he made general?” “I…” For a second he floundered, uncertain in his own certainty. And then: “Yes. I think so.” Hux did not like the look on Kylo’s face then. It managed to be something both taken aback, and uncomfortably intrigued. “Look,” he said, sharper than intended. “It’s morning, and I’m hungry. Are you going to feed me or not?” Leaning back, Kylo allowed himself a faint grin; Hux still didn’t believe his earlier mood had quite dissipated. “Demanding little minx, aren’t you?” “Call me a minx again, Kylo, and I might just go spend all my time with Dameron and Rey.” Much as he only rolled his eyes at the threat, Kylo at least did rise, before taking him down to the main congregation area of the temple complex. There they found themselves amongst a simple breakfast of unleavened bread, cooked on hot stones, and fresh fruit that apparently came from the loosely cultivated orchard behind the dormitory area. Hux closed his eyes as he bit into a particularly rotund specimen, juice running down his chin in sweet rivulets, and he didn’t care about Kylo’s open-mouthed stare. He’d first been a child of the blockades, of the Unknown Regions; and then, he’d been given to the untender mercies of mighty Coruscant, whose food supply was as manufactured and artificial as its weather. Afterwards, cleaned and tidied again, Hux found himself at somewhat at a loss of what to do. Kylo had up and vanished; rare enough occurrence as it was, Hux also did not find it as welcome as he might have thought he should have. Then he had to wonder if he really had insulted Kylo earlier, considering it was Dameron who showed up to take him to where the other had apparently gone. “He was running late,” Dameron clarified, leaving Hux to sourly suppose that those who spent too much time around Force sensitives were prone to picking up telepathic abilities of their own. “Luke wanted him to come to training, and so Kylo asked me to come see if you wanted to watch.” Something odd prickled along his skin, almost like mocking fingertips swirling an unseen pattern. “So he’s still in training?” Frowning, he added at Dameron’s raised eyebrow, “He gave me the impression back in Coruscant that he’d quit.” “I haven’t got a clue.” Dameron even managed to sound terribly cheerful about it, too. “The Jedi thing is beyond me. I’m just a pilot, remember? And a neighbour. But it’s interesting to watch.” Hux nodded, quite slow, an earlier question returned. “I did think you said you had family here. On Yavin 4. That you were going to go and visit them.” “Well, yeah.” Rubbing the back of his head and shrugging at the same time, Dameron added, “Luke asked me to stick around, a bit, and there’s always time enough for that later.” “In the midst of war.” The flat words made him frown. “We’re not at war.” “Aren’t we?” Even as Hux blinked at his own vehemence, Dameron cocked his head, dark eyes narrowed. “Are…you feeling all right, Hux?” “I’m fine.” It came out far more brusque than necessary; Hux ignored the faint hurt on the other man’s face as he folded his hands, nodded to the forest. “Take me to see this training.” A frisson jolted through him, then: the memory of Kylo, and his saber. How strong and how simple he had been, when matched to the antique weapon of another era. And then, close behind, was the memory of Ren and his saber. Of how the general had so enjoyed the power of him— “Hux.” His concern came slow, as if over great distance. “You’re really flushing. Are you too hot? Because we can sit inside—” “ No .” He spoke too loud, too sharp – too commanding . Dameron only stared. And then Hux shook his head and gave up. “Let’s just go, yes?” The morning’s training proved not dissimilar to what he had seen at a distance, before. The students went about their prescribed movements while Skywalker moved amongst them, though he appeared less involved than Hux would have imagined. Certainly it held little in common with the drills he had been subjected to as a child, then as a young teenager; they had been corrected with rough hands and rougher words at every indication of non-conformity, of non-perfection. Skywalker simply moved as a spirit amongst his students, and while they clearly changed their stance or form in his presence, Hux could only hear their breath and their feet, the thunk and swish of their wooden training weapons. He supposed there was some element of telepathy involved, again, or perhaps it was just Force-driven instinct. Kylo, for his own part, rarely seemed to encounter his uncle either way. He appeared always off to some degree on his own, moving through his katas. Hux knew enough to recognise when he moved from one kata to the next; he knew nothing of their detail, but all seemed focused to his power and strength, strangely controlled as both managed to be in this setting. Like the others, he held no saber: just a broad heavy training sword, one that should have always needed two hands, for all Kylo often switched to only one. When the students broke apart, quite sudden, Skywalker turned to them as if magnetised. A moment passed, and then he waved to Hux and Dameron; they had been watching together from one of the stone-quarried auditoriums rising up from either side of the grassed ground, generally in a companionable silence. Dameron waved back, and then turned to Hux with a raised eyebrow. “So.” Even in his amusement, Hux could sense faint trepidation. “You want to try?” He frowned. “What?” “It’s mostly harmless.” He seemed to have seen something he liked in Hux’s expression, because he added with something like glee, “there’s really only so much we can do, anyway, being non-sensitives.” “Are you, though?” The sharpness of the question quite wiped Dameron’s cheerfulness away. “What?” “I…I don’t know.” Bewildered, suddenly, Hux fought back the tremor in his words, tried for something far more light-hearted. From Dameron’s odd expression, he was doing less well than his oratorical training should have dictated. “You’re a pilot, yes? After what Skywalker did to the first Death Star, the Imperials used to wonder if the Rebels particularly chose squadron leaders who had some sensitivity, latent and untrained though it was. To create a hive mind. All working as one, whether they were in direct contact or not.” He was babbling. And Dameron only continued to stare. “I’m not a squadron leader.” Frowning, now, Hux blinked back on what felt to be the beginnings of a headache. “Aren’t you?” One hand rose, his vision oddly tight around its edges. “I could have sworn…” Even as he grimaced, leaned forward over a suddenly tight abdomen, Dameron shifted close. “Are you sure you’re really okay?” he said, one opened hand a warm weight between his shoulderblades. “Because this place…well. I know I was born here. And raised here, mostly. And it’s different, away from these temples. But it’s still…” He went silent, then, and his next words came sudden as blasterfire. “Have you ever been to Jedha?” “Jedha?” For a long moment, the name meant little. When it clicked over in his mind, it brought with it only a sharp wave of pure vitriol. “Dameron, I spent my childhood first on Arkanis, then in the Unknown Regions. And then my father dumped us on Coruscant for reasons that only become all the more unfathomable by the day.” He smiled, wide and lovely, to show all of his teeth. “So, no. I’ve never been to Jedha.” Rather than take offense, Dameron only rolled his eyes. “You can call me Poe.” When he earned only an even stare, he sighed. “It’s just…Yavin 4 can be like Jedha. It’s a place where the Force is strong. Too strong, sometimes. And here, especially…” The dark eyes glanced briefly down, like a child expecting chastisement; yet when he looked up again, they were even and almost sad. “I know something’s happening to you. What, I have no idea.” Even with the warmth of the system’s sun on his skin, Hux felt very cold. “It’s also none of your business.” “Yeah, no, I don’t think it’s that easy.” But already he was turning away, taking two quick steps down before he added over one shoulder, “I’m going to go join in. You can come if you want.” Without quite making the decision, Hux followed him at some slight distance. It made no difference given Dameron never once looked back, disappearing amongst a crowd of young apprentices, only some of whom were humanoid. It seemed clear enough that even though this part of the moon was not technically his home, Dameron still spent time enough amongst them. It left something prickling with uncomfortable honesty at Hux’s won skin. Something a little like loneliness. “Hux.” The voice dropped into his ear, smoky and half-breathless. “Did they train you with swords back in fascist school?” Hux turned sharp, filled with the urge to hit him. But then he rolled his eyes, kept his hands firmly to himself. “Not like this, no.” “Good.” Too close by his side, now, Kylo gave him a broad grin; Hux had to pretend it was not very much like the rare sight of the sun emerging from the near-continuous cloud cover of Arkanis. “That means you’ve got fewer bad habits to unlearn, then.” “You’re not going to teach me.” Kylo rolled his eyes at Hux’s unimpressed pronouncement. “Sure I am!” And Hux had no idea where Kylo then produced the two wooden swords from; he felt certain they hadn’t both been there a moment ago. And then it didn’t matter because the other was given over to him; he instead scowled at how it felt too heavy in his hand, his grip too stiff and too unknowing. Their hand-to-hand combat training within the ragtag academies formed upon star destroyers had focused more on fighting without weapons, considering they always assumed that if there was a blaster to hand, that would take immediate precedence anyway. There had been some basic training in melee weaponry, but not to a degree he could possibly hope to remember now. But it wasn’t as if he was going to suggest they wrestle, instead. Given the memories of the dreams – and the earlier treacherous arousal his mind had so willingly surrendered to – it wasn’t as if he trusted his prick anywhere in the close vicinity of Kylo’s own body. But Kylo apparently had other ideas. Moving up close behind him, arms sliding along his own, he adjusted Hux’s two-handed grip with a skill that has Hux drawing a sharp breath. Kylo’s fingers, callused and quick, still worked to shift Hux’s to yet better form. “How does that feel?” Kylo murmured, against his ear; his breath was warm, and yet somehow welcome in even this humidity. With his throat thick, his tongue tied, and a very sharp retort tangled in his mind, Hux knew he ought to pull away, and correct his own mistakes through trial and error. But he only shook his head, said simply, “And what is next?” Drawing away, Kylo took his own training sword back in hand. As the distance settled between them, Hux wondered suddenly if they would now fight one another; the violence of the sudden thought turned his stomach, for all it would be only play. And yet, Kylo only moved in a quick step to his right, and took up his place beside him. “Follow me.” The grin had turned cocky, his eyes very bright. “I’ll start slow, yeah?” “Yes, don’t strain yourself too much on my account, Kylo,” he said, perfectly dry. That got him only laughter in return, and then: he was moving , though the verb alone didn’t feel to have enough breadth nor power to explain what it was that Kylo actually did . When he had been young, and still amongst the old Imperials and the new Order, there had been little enough talk amongst the adults of the Force. The children had instead been left to wild rumours that passed like stormfire through their ranks, enhanced only by what little information they could parse from the archives on their own. Magic , most had scoffed. Even if it is real, it’s just magic – and what magic can’t we make with our own science, anyway? But watching Kylo move in this way: Hux knew it was something that no conventional means could ever hope to mirror, let alone match. The Force flowed through him like a river; at time slow and meandering, at others raging and bold. Imitating such grace and power seemed at best a foolish notion, at worst purest idiocy, but Hux still shifted his feet, recentred his weight. There was something different here, compared to the way Kylo had tried to push the power through him the night before. Uncertain at first, Hux took his time, moving through the kata but only once to Kylo’s three repeats. But soon enough, his muscles found the song. The pattern kept repeating, ingraining itself into bone and muscle. And even as he gave himself over to it Kylo began striking out, moving in new and different forms. Hux kept his own counsel; it left them moving still in tandem, matched harmony to sharpest melody. “Very good.” Stumbling, stopping, Hux turned to find Skywalker, one bushy eyebrow arched high. “You’ve had some training, then?” he asked, and Hux squirmed beneath the question; he’d forgotten how it was, to feel so very much the child about new lessons. “Very little.” And he blinked, shook off the strangeness of old memory. This was not Arkanis, and this was not the star destroyer that had served as his academy in its place. “But my father never did allow me to shirk basic fitness, even when we had long departed the Order.” Then, because his tongue had never quite been able to help itself, “Or so I believed, at any rate.” “I see.” Skywalker never once looked away from Hux. “Ben. Go on back to your training with the others.” “Why?” That just got him a raised eyebrow. Though Hux could see the intense desire in him to protest further yet, Kylo gave a most put-upon sigh, even as his eyes moved back to Hux. “But—” “I’ll look after our guest. Go on. Get back to it.” Hux watched him go, loping across the ground. For the first time he realised how far they had drifted from the bulk of the group. But then, it made it only all the easier to indulge himself a moment in Kylo’s youthfulness, his startling grace for all the lanky lines of him. When he returned his attention to Skywalker, Hux found himself with the uncomfortable sensation that those bright blue eyes saw straight through him. He cleared his throat, said nothing else. He knew this would be no easy conversation – that Skywalker had sought him out for a reason. Then, he spoke. “The dreams are worse.” Hux frowned, cheeks heating; he’d never imagined to find himself in the position of essentially broadcasting hardcore pornography to the uncle of a person he found himself entangled with. “Did you see it?” “No.” Skywalker shook his head, expression unchanged. “But I sensed his distress.” “I can’t…” Cursing his twisted tongue, Hux shook his head with sharp irriation. “I just can’t describe it to you,” he said, and settled for what he knew was a perfectly lame description. “But it was bad . Very bad.” Skywalker kept quiet for almost a moment too long. “I often don’t know how to help him,” he said, and the honesty of it burned, even with the saltwater sadness that accompanied it. “I was the last of the Jedi – or so I was told. Of course there are other ways in which to develop and foster an individual’s Force sensitivity, but this is all I was taught. I have holocrons from the old archives, and those given to me by my own Master. But Ben…” His shoulders rose, fell, like the shift of endless ocean. “It’s not as if I have much to compare him to, in my own experience. But from everything I have read, he’s…remarkable. In his mind powers.” “It’s terrifying.” It gave Hux no comfort, to see how Skywaker only nodded. “It is.” Then, he frowned, looked back to where Kylo had apparently started a mock-fight with another initiate. If he appeared to be losing, it seemed only by choice. “He should have been more careful. From what I felt, he was…overinvolved, in your dream.” Skywalker glanced over. “I suppose you could say he’s just tuning into the frequency, like hacking a comm. He’s not there, not the way you are. But this last one…” “I don’t think he could get out.” Hux spoke the words low, bleak enough. “Not without me.” The freeform practice Skywalker had left his students too held a remarkable amount of order, for all its lack of instruction. Hux knew that had his own classes been left to their own devices, there would have been murder and rioting in short order. Because that had always been the only way to survive, with so little else to fight for. “Do you speak often, with Han Solo?” Skywalker looked startled. “Han?” “He…was in the dream.” It took him longer than should have been necessary to form the words. “Kylo – Kylo Ren, I mean – had killed him.” Now Skywalker’s attention shifted again to his nephew; he appeared to be using Rey as weight resistance, duelling another student while she clung like a burr to his back. “Ben didn’t mention that.” Hux might have felt guilty, had he been inclined to such emotion. “I think Rey dreamed of it, too. Not the same dream as mine – but…she saw it. I didn’t – well, the general didn’t. But Rey…” Folding his arms, the man took a slow breath, let it go. “I should talk to her about this.” “She might be angry I told you.” Hux had offered the words neither as warning nor apology, though Skywalker appeared to take them as both. “Rey’s very attached to Han. I think she’ll want to talk about it.” Again, as the conversation appeared to wind itself to a pause, Hux watched the students, again. Against the backdrop of the distant temple, they appeared very small indeed. “Kylo doesn’t get along with his father.” The statement only made him snort. “Well, that’s a pitfall you don’t want to go leaning too close to the edge of,” Skywalker said. “But if you’re asking if Ben would hurt his father—” “He wouldn’t. I know that.” At Skywalker’s arch look of surprise, he almost laughed. “I met him, you know. Very briefly. Han Solo, I mean.” All humour had vanished when he added, flat, “He didn’t like me.” The pale eyes narrowed, though Hux doubted the gleam in them had anything to do with himself. “I wouldn’t think it’s personal,” he said, eventually. “Han…well. Han has never been very comfortable with the Force. When I first met him, he told me more than once that I’d be better off believing in things that were real, not some mystical garbage being fed to me by an old guy who lived in the sand dunes of Tatooine.” He was actually smiling when he added, near-melancholy, “There are days, too, when I think that he may have been right.” “He’s scared of his son,” Hux said, without emotion. “And of Rey.” Something like frustration flickered over the weathered lines of his face; apparently, life on first a desert planet, followed then by years of war and teaching, could age a man far more than necessary. “I don’t think it’s fair to say he’s scared . More…he doesn’t understand what they are. Or what they can do.” And though he spoke of another man, Hux felt as though Skywalker’s every word could have been directed at himself. “Han’s spent his life trusting on what he can see, hear, touch…things that are real, and obvious. And even as he watched me fall to the Force, he still had Leia. Who is the most sensible of us all.” Then his smile turned crooked. “He just didn’t know what to make of it, when she gave him Ben.” That left him startled. “Can’t he feel it?” he asked, too sharp. “She’s just as strong in the Force as the rest of you.” “You can feel that?” The squirming in his stomach was better off ignored. “You’re saying he can’t ?” “It’s not quite how I’d phrase it, perhaps. But…” Shaking his head, Skywalker looked back to his students; a shadow had settled over his features, and his spirit with it. “Something has to give.” This time, he had a crawling sensation over his body entire. “Like what?” “I’m not sure.” He sighed, too quick. “But I hope it’s not Ben.” Swallowing hard on a question he didn’t know how to ask, Hux again looked down. Kylo had apparently surrendered, swarmed now by the youngest of the students, apparently led by Dameron. Rey rode his shoulders, brandishing what was likely Kylo’s practice sword, voice raised high in casual victory. “What about Rey?” he asked, very quiet. “Rey?” Skywalker almost seemed surprised. “Rey…Rey will likely surpass him.” “That’s not what I meant. But…” Even as he watched Dameron put Rey down, who promptly went to drag her cousin to his oversized feet, Hux pursed his lips. “Kylo’s not exactly built for dreams like mine, I guess. But I worry even more about Rey being exposed to them.” “So do I.” “So what are you going to do about it?” At first, he appeared taken aback at his vehemence. It turned wry soon enough. “You have to realise, I came to my own power very late,” he said. “Had the Jedi still existed, they wouldn’t have trained me at all. I was far too old.” One finger rose, tapped light to his lips. “But what I don’t know…would I have been this powerful, had I been trained this young? Or are they just gaining in power, with every generation?” Now his eyes darkened. “What does it want so badly from us, that it would do this to the Skywalker family?” “What does what want?” “The Force.” And for the first time since they had met, Hux heard true negative emotion in Skywalker’s words. “Anakin Skywalker appears to have been born to Shmi Skywalker a virgin birth. That’s what it has done to us.” “Does anyone actually believe that? Surely his genetic tests said something. He can’t have just spored from her.” That made him snort, and Hux didn’t know why. But then, Skywalker had himself been raised on Tatooine. Likely he knew better the sad state of its medical facilities. “Many of the records are lost. But they could only tell she was the mother. The father’s DNA was nothing anyone had ever seen before, at least in its particular combination.” Hux closed his eyes. Such dreams hadn’t been allowed even when sleeping, for one born to his own world. “The Force made him, and then forced him through a mother to make him human.” “So it would seem.” “But all the children since have been born only of other humans,” Hux replied, stretching the muscles of debate and finding them ready for a riot. “Surely that dilutes it.” Skywalker raised an eyebrow. “Now you see my dilemma.” “What, that they’re impossibly all stronger than you will ever be, and you don’t know what to do about it?” Skywalker’s faint irritation smoothed itself away a moment after it appeared. Something about it suggested it had been a learned gesture, and one who mastery had taken some degree of time. “The Force cannot make decisions for us. There are always choices.” And here he paused, as if he did have to think very hard about the next words. “But it exerts enough influence that sometimes we cannot be sure which choices belong to the Force, and which remain entirely our own.” The wave of anger that moved through Hux then was sudden, nauseating, almost bending him in two. He sat down, heavy, and Skywalker only sighed. Only when Hux’s breathing had returned to normal did he speak, again, though he made no movement closer to him. “I should go back to my students,” he said, and he sounded almost sorry – but not for what he had said. “But we’ll talk again.” Hux bit back on the words that he wished to say. Instead, he kept about him the veneer of false civility. “Of course,” he said, faintly dull. Because it was not Skywalker’s fault he had been brought here, for all the man had been part of it. From the weight of those blue eyes upon him, Brendol Hux Jr. was the last person he would have wanted involved in this. “Thank you,” Hux said, instead, and it burned. “For having me here, I mean.” “Of course,” he echoed. It seemed he wanted to say something else, something more. Instead he kept to himself. Hux supposed he should be glad, even as Skywalker turned and moved away. Hux paused a moment, himself. He could go back into the temple complex proper; for all its sprawling nature, the great pyramid provided an easy enough landmark to gather his bearings by. But instead he took his place halfway up the amphitheatre seating, again, though he did not look down to the students below. Their training now seemed to have devolved into some sort of ball game, one where Dameron appeared to be the unlikely ringleader. He looked away instead, to the expanse of forest, the great blue sky above, and the heavy presence of Yavin itself in the sky above, ghostly white against the blue. “You look lonely.” His shoulders tightened, and much as he yearned to look to here, he kept to the skies instead. “Yes, well.” He didn’t mean to sound bitter, not to her. It happened anyway. “It’s not really my place, I suppose.” “It could be.” “I don’t have any Force sensitivity.” She tugged on his arm – and when he looked to her, he found something odd in her gaze. Not pity, exactly. But: a sadness, like a normal person trying to describe the colour of stars and sky to one who saw the worlds only in monochrome. “I could teach you something,” Rey said, very soft, and he shivered. But in the end it probably would better to have a child do it, considering his own level. The shiver came again as he remember Kylo’s hands on his, when he had tried to demonstrate how to raise the water glass. And then, how easy they had moved together with their training swords in hand. It had been but a welcome invitation to thought of how well they might move together in other ways. In deeper ways. Hux swallowed hard, looked away. “It’s probably not a good idea.” “Oh, it’s not warrior techniques. Not like we were doing.” And she brightened, suddenly, as if her heart was a star and she the supernova. “Did you see me?” In fact he hadn’t. He was still searching for the politest way to say so when she rolled her eyes. “It doesn’t matter. We’ve still got time.” And she tugged his hands to hers, joined their fingers in the brief space between them. “But I’ll teach you something else. With your brain .” “I’m not sure mind tricks are a good idea.” “Mmm, but it’s not really a mind trick.” She tilted her head, hazel eyes dangerously bright. “It’s more like…looking for something. But in a place you’d never usually think to look.” “That’s usually the last place.” “With the Force, it’s actually kind of the first.” Her hands were very warm. “I can show you!” Instinctive reluctance, again, warned him of the mistakes just waiting to be made. “I really don’t think it’s a good idea.” It was with some unwillingness – Hux had never spoken well of his own failures – that he added, “Kylo tried to show me—” She snorted, waving away his concern like smoke. “Benny’s not a good teacher.” He raised an eyebrow. “And you are?” “Benny’s not patient .” She leaned too close, her whisper that of a co-conspirator. “And it’s good for some things. Like, I saw him showing you the katas. He’s good at that .” Settling back on her heels, she glanced down again to the ball game; for a moment, he wondered why she wasn’t playing. But sometimes, he thought, it was almost too easy to forget how small she actually was. “But maybe he’s…I don’t know. Too strong, I think. With his mind.” With a half-masked shudder, Hux thought perhaps Rey was really the only one who understood why Hux shared too many dreams with Ben Organa Solo, when in all rights he should never have been having them at all. “So what is it you want to show me, then?” he asked, voice a little too hoarse, a little too rough. “If it’s not a mind trick?” “It’s more like…sharing.” Then, hurried: “Not like your dreams. That’s different.” “Rey—” “We sense each other,” she said, so quick the words tumbled over one another; they shouldn’t have made the slightest bit of sense to him, and yet somehow they did . “Through the Force, I mean. Because we’re all connected. And it’s easier for us, because it’s…well. It’s like we’re born to it.” And she smiled, now almost shy. “But you can learn it, too.” “This is like when Kylo taught you to shield?” Her grin turned devilish at that. “Kind of. But it’s not like you’re looking with your brain.” Her small hand shot out then, poked him with surprising strength. “You’re searching with your heart.” Even when she drew back, he fancied he could still feel her there. “I don’t get it.” “Mmm,” she said, with perfect disbelief. “Close your eyes.” Without complaint – at least, not spoken aloud – Hux did so. He had no real idea what she had meant. All was silence, save for the voices below, and the forest beyond. He’d just had time enough to think his left foot was beginning to fall asleep when a small voice rocked through his mind with the force of a hurricane. Hux? His eyes popped open in surprise. Rey, shaking her finger, then kicked out with one foot to catch him in the ankle. “Close your eyes!” Though he did so, he didn’t want to. Neither did he want to hear that voice, again. Hux? He wished for nothing more than to pull back, to pull away. And yet there he remained, tense and trembling. But it was like being somehow mute. He had no idea how to answer her, even as the words tripped over themselves, desperate to break free of the cage that was his own mind. Hux, can you hear me? He bit back on the desire to scream it aloud. I don’t want this! Instead he opened his eyes, found only her disappointment. Something like a headache had again begun to build behind his eyes. “I told you it wouldn’t work,” he said, very dull. And she sighed. “That’s not what you said.” The faintest of smiles had begun to pull at her lips. “But, you know.” Reaching out, she patted his leg like a lady soothing her skittish pet. “At least you know where to look for me, now.” “Rey—” “I’m going to go play with the others.” Three steps ahead, she glanced back, but only for a moment. “You should come!” He didn’t. Hux watched, instead. And then he looked again to the empty skies above, and wondered just what he was waiting for. ***** The general stands alone in his ‘fresher. In the frameless reflection of the mirror, Hux is startled to see what has become of the long, lean body: a blue-black web of bruising and abrasions cast hard over once-white skin. Some of it had been taken in the fall of Starkiller, perhaps – but then, he remembers with growing nausea the encounter with Kylo Ren in the medbay. Though this body is not his own he can feel the ache of hips, of thighs whose muscles feel stretched nearly to tearing; his backside, raw both inside and out, is no better. And Hux wishes for nothing more than to close his eyes, to chase away these images, to be nothing but himself , again. The general will not allow it. Methodical and quick, he performs his ablutions with no delicacy, no coddling of his injuries, even as he wastes the water in doing so; in such emergency circumstances, only the sonic should be used. But it appears even this most orderly of generals does not care. He instead stands with head back, eyes open, water running down his face, hair dark-red and bleeding. And he doesn’t care a bit. But when he looks down, Hux notes dispassionately that there is actual blood in the water. The general himself stares for a long moment, his thoughts vacant, oddly silent. And then: his hand is around his cock, and Hux gasps at the impotence of his presence, at the echo of his own self and his own weakness, taken but hours before. But the general has not long ago brought himself to climax on the body of a broken man. And yet his arousal comes too quick, and too easy by half. Hux tries to pull back, to escape as he has once before. It is not enough; the distress of this is not disgust enough to pull him free, or so it seems. There’s great bitterness in this fact, in that the Force will grant him ability enough to peer through realities, but not will not give enough influence to curate his own experience. The unfairness of it digs deep, burns bright: that he should have so little control, when by all rights he should have no exposure to matters such as this at all. It is at least mercifully quick; the general brings himself to a grim orgasm, though again his thoughts are oddly non-specific, barely acknowledged – it is as if the man runs on some primal instinct alone. Raising his hand, the general stares silent at the webbing of white between still fingers. Then he is washing it away, along with everything else. Wherever the blood of earlier was from, it has stopped now. When the water runs out the general steps dripping from the cubicle to stand before his vanity, and the utilitarian mirror above it. There is the difference of their age, of course, and the scars they do not share, from the years of their lives that were so fundamentally different. But Hux recognises him all the same. In many ways, they are the same person. The blue-green eyes stare into the mirror, as if the general knows he is there. Hux can only stare back, and wonder what it is the other man truly sees. The man’s thoughts remain strangely obtuse, non-contemplative and uncritical as he dries himself, and then begins to dress as if expecting parade inspection the moment he leaves his quarters. Hux does not even know who might have that power over one such as the general, for all his relative youth. He’s not even sure it matters, outside of this empty mind. The uniform proves a strange thing, in pieces; when it comes together it serves to bulk the man outwards, giving his body the gravitas and physical presence his mind alone cannot provide. His red hair, he carefully slicks back; it emphasises the shadowed hollows of his face, with skin too pale and eyes overlarge. But his hands hold still in the tight confines of his leather gloves. Now, attired for rank and for right, the general stands at attention. It’s starkly disorientating – and all the stranger for it, given Hux certainly has never worn a general’s stripes, had never had a uniform in the Order quite like that of an executive officer. But his own memories come as sudden tangled tsunami. And for a moment he is lost beneath their weight, choked by the past, by a life stolen from him, one that might never be returned. The general strides down a corridor, aboard his great star destroyer; Hux comes back to him in bits and pieces, like a poorly tuned commlink missing the frequency at every faltering shift. The man wears again his greatcoat, though with his arms through the sleeves for once. It flaps about his booted calves, his thoughts a riot of figures and failings. He is composing and recomposing a report at breakneck speed, and it is too convoluted and complex for Hux to keep track of even its barest intention; the general’s shorthand is dizzying and intensely personal, and far beyond even this distant different shadow of his own self. A door lies before him unmarked and sealed; Hux can tell, impossible as that should be, that it is rarely used. The general keys an override, steps inside as though he owns it outright. It opens to a small dim chamber, claustrophobic and tight on all sides, for all it appears a generous enough space on a ship that so jealously guards and utilises every spare inch. The door has locked at the general’s back, and Hux tells himself he imagines the flinch the man makes at the sound. He is calm, after all, looking only ahead, hands folded at parade rest at the small of his back and chin held high. A flickering emerges from the dark, strange silver flame – and then: ah. Apparently this is a dedicated holochamber. As a vision blooms to terrible life before him, Hux recoils in the man’s mind even as the general holds steady. But he himself suppresses a similar reaction, one that he has tried to train from himself completely. A rare failure. But then, there has been much failure, as of late. And yet Hux knows intellectually that his reflexive disgust is understandable, given the creature before him. It is a ruin of a thing, long and pale, dressed entirely in black. The curved crumbling body is topped with a head bald and deeply scarred, eyes too big and too clever by half; even as they watch, long fingers curl to a palm as if about some stray throat. “General,” it says, drawling and rasping. “Why have you not yet brought me my apprentice?” “Supreme Leader,” he says, his voice perfectly modulated, as even as the vocoder Kylo Ren must himself use for the same effect, “our schedules have not aligned as we would have hoped.” Here he pauses, recalculates, moves forward again. “But the Finalizer is on course, and we will be to you within the cycle.” This is the Supreme Leader, Hux thinks, bleak and cold. He has never seen him in the general’s thoughts. It makes him almost glad; this is a terrible creature, strange and uncomfortable. The menace from him is little more than promise of an ending. And he knows they both fear it, for all that the general’s anger – once taken out upon the broken body of Kylo Ren – is now shuttered away and silent. And the creature’s lipless mouth twists about something only someone desperate might have named a smile. “Very well,” it says, rumbling and low as lahar. “Do not disappoint me.” And then, the faintest, and most final of pauses. “ General .” When it disappears, it leaves the man alone in the darkness of his own flagship – save, perhaps, for the presence of Hux, behind his eyes. But he wants to be gone from this place, too. It should have been his, once. Some part of him yearns for it yet. But for now, Hux only wants to go. But there’s an odd sensation in the man’s too quiet mind, echoed and alien: the general himself, for the first time in his life, wants to walk away from everything he has created. Everything he is. Hux thinks bitterly, if only it were that pfassking simple. ***** Awake, again, Hux stared at the ceiling. The urge to go to Kylo had dug itself deep into his bones, but he resisted any movement at their orders. The whole idea seemed nothing if not utterly ludicrous. And yet, it was a battle doomed to his own loss; Hux soon found himself rising, stepping out onto the wooden veranda where they had curled together in the pile of blankets only the night before. Even in the soft heat of the night that coldness, again, shifted ice fingers down the ladder of his spine. Shivering, Hux retreated back inside. He didn’t know where Kylo slept, exactly. But he did know where the dormitories were, and Skywalker had made it clear enough that Kylo was supposed to be over there somewhere. After having coaxed the lantern again to dim warm light, Hux sorted through the stash of borrowed clothing, found something vaguely respectable to change into. Even for something as dubious as wandering the temple complex in the dark silence of early morning, he was not going to go out in his sleepwear. Though it was likely the normal manner of things, Hux found it odd that he didn’t run into anyone. It left him with a strange loneliness instead, that odd chill of earlier still clinging to even his sweat-clammy skin. Pausing a moment in one of the arcades, Hux looking to the distant ziggurat. Yavin hung still in the sky at its zenith, the light of the planet giving a faint crimson cast to the moon’s surface and sky. He frowned. Here, they were far from the Massassai complexes that had been repurposed by the Rebellion – and this seemed something older, deeper, somehow stranger than even that place of such recent remarkable history. Turning now in the direction of the dormitories, Hux quickened his step. Yet as he drew closer, turning a corridor, his stomach took an ugly twist. Lights flooded from between uneven gaps in stone, voices raised to create the sounds of an excited quickfire rabble. And now, turning back seemed the only real option. To go back to his borrowed room, and pretend he had never seen a moment of it. To climb into his lonely, cold bed, and lie sleepless in the remnants of the dreams he’d found there. But Hux moved forward. The voices resolved themselves into a gaggle of students, arms folded like self-embrace over their chests, hands clutching at their upper arms; their eyes were wide to match, for all they remained heavy with disturbed sleep. And the chattering din seemed to grow only louder the closer he came. Only when one caught his approach, from the corner of their eye, did silence abruptly fall across them all. Hux did not pause in his own quick step closer, even as he did not see Kylo nor Rey amongst them. He could feel only dull surprise, at that. “What happened?” A dozen pairs of eyes watched him, and not one attached mouth moved in anything like an answer. Casting his own eye over the group again, in a more critical analysis of their number, Hux wondered where Dameron was. He was considering going to seek him out when she appeared: Rey, weaving between them, face wan and eyes wide. “Hux.” Small fingers grasped him about the hand, allowed no protest as they began to pull. “You need to see him.” Making no objection, he began to move to her trajectory. “Rey, what happened?” “ Dreams ,” she said, as if that explained everything. Rather dimly, he supposed it just might. “Come on !” Towards the end of a long stone corridor, Rey ducked into a small shared room; from the mess of the other bed, it seemed Kylo had at least one roommate. Kylo himself remained in his own narrow cot, tangled in his sheets; his skin had sheened to a dull glow with sweat and salt, throat convulsing with low choking moan. Skywalker had pulled up a chair at his side, one hand pressed the flushed skin of his nephew’s forehead, his soft voice in constant low murmur. “Master Luke.” Hux could detect only the faintest tremor to her careful words. “He came.” When the man turned his head, Hux nearly recoiled – might have retreated, if not for Rey, still at his side. Something cold and distant shimmered behind the blue of his eyes, turned them murky green by the golden light of the hanging lantern. And then, with a sigh, Skywalker shook his head, and appeared now only tired. “Your dream,” he offered, weary and worn; Hux drew up to his full height, spine in a line both taut and strange. His words emerged as flat, emotionless waste. “You’re saying that I did this.” This time when Skywalker met Hux’s gaze, he sensed only pity. “I didn’t say that.” At his side, the great long body suddenly went very still. Hux’s eyes flicked over – and then Kylo’s eyes opened. Staring and dark, they held all the terrible power granted to the gravitational drag of a singularity. “Hux.” It rasped from him, ground like broken glass to Hux’s own ear. “It was him. It was Snoke .” He knew he should move across the room. But he did not – he could not. Hux remained instead bracketed by the door frame, unnaturally still. Rey’s hand did not move, still small and tight around his own. “I’m sorry,” he said, dull, too low. And Kylo closed his eyes tight, shook his head in violent back and forth. “ Hux .” Laughter erupted from his trembling chest, sudden and wild and so loud Hux winced. “The voice . It was Snoke .” Even in such tropical climate, Hux felt as all heat had been stolen from the world around them both. “ What ?” His entire body spasmed, sharp and sudden. Skywalker was already gentling him down again, murmuring so quick and so low Hux took it more for mantra than frank comfort; still Kylo’s back arched as he rose, mouth opened on a silent shriek. Now Skywalker rose, small hands opened wide over his chest, forcing him gently down. Only when Kylo had returned to some semblance of calm, silent in his stillness for all his face remained twisted in something between agony and ecstasy, did Hux find himself able to ask. “What’s happening?” Skywalker never once looked away from his nephew. “I’m not sure,” he said, but the hardness of the words spoke of one who had no intention of leaving such mystery to solve itself. “Rey?” She snapped to attention at Hux’s side, her manner reminding him oddly of cadets and small children already conversant in the ways of war. “Yes?” “Run to the kitchens.” One hand moved to his waist, rested light upon a small pouch there. “You know what I need.” He almost expected her to salute. He could only be glad that she did not, instead letting go his hand to turn, and to run at full pelt, bare feet slapping the stones of the corridor. With her hand gone from his own, it left Hux feeling anchorless, adrift in strange and troubled waters. As if with the currents he moved forward until he was at Kylo’s beside, Skywalker but a handsbreadth away. But Hux made no motion to reach to him. Instead, he only stared down at him, and held his silence. In return, Kylo’s hand flashed out with sudden and unerring purpose, closing tight around Hux’s own with bruising strength. He made no other movement. And Hux himself did not draw away. Rey had returned, something he somehow did not notice until he realised the low susurration to his right was in fact Skywalker and Rey fussing over a small, steaming mug. The man had taken a small twist of paper from his pocket, presumably fabricated from some of the great leaves of the jungle beyond; within lay a sharply yellow powder, its colour too bright in the dim gloom. Hux only watched as Skywalker emptied perhaps half of its contents into the water, with the rest screwed up and returned to a pocket of his overrobe. Only then did he realise for the first time he was dressed as he would be during the day, and he had not done so in a hurried fashion. One hand moved to cradle the back of Kylo’s head, even as his eyes remained closed. Only when Skywalker had guided him to half-seated position did he encourage the shallow cup to his lips. Even though Kylo appeared mostly asleep, for all the troubled expression he still wore, he drank easily enough; a little dribbled free, though most managed to make it into his mouth. His brow furrowed deeper, perhaps at the taste; a faint moan trembled upon the twisted line of his mouth. But Skywalker was letting him lie down, again, gentle so he would not fall. When he was lying down, again, Skywalker set about rearranging his blankets, tucking his nephew into his bed as if he were little more than a child of three or four. Hux made no motion to assist, only watched as time dragged onward. But Skywalker’s draught, whatever it might have contained, soon enough came into its own; Kylo’s breathing eased, the lines upon his face smoothing out as he relaxed into something like proper sleep, artificial as it was. When Kylo’s grasp relaxed to nothing, Hux stepped backward, and let his hand fall free and alone. Skywalker passed his own hand over his brow, lips quirked to small smile, weary though it was. “He’ll be all right,” he murmured, more to himself than any other. “For a while.” And before Hux could think to argue the point, he glanced up, caught her eye. “Rey?” “Yes?” The words managed to be deep, simple, mighty quest given over to young hero. “Will you watch over him, for a while?” Already she moved to take his place; she seemed very small in the chair the Jedi master had vacated for her to fill. “Yes.” Again, he smiled, and the lingering sadness about it made Hux wonder if Skywalker had smiled in genuine pleasure in a very long time. “I won’t be long,” he told her, once last touch of his hand to the back of Kylo’s own. Then he was turning, bearded features very still. “Hux?” He needed no instruction. He also kept silent as he moved just behind the Jedi, finding his own path through the tangle of youth. Skywalker had stopped before them, allowing them to cluster close before he gave them brief words that Hux himself did not listen to. Whatever it was he told them, it led to only reluctant dispersal. Hux found he didn’t care, following Skywalker instead with a lack of curiosity utterly alien to his usual attitude. And Skywalker did not lead them to his meditation chamber, as he had on the day of Hux’s first arrival. Instead they went only outside. The faintest hints of dawn had gathered at the horizon: not enough to change the quality of the night sky, but just enough to remind them that it was coming. “I don’t blame you for this.” Hux looked to the half-orb of Yavin, shook his head with bitter certainty. “Perhaps you should.” “I want to.” The honesty of it had Hux’s head turning, though he found no accusation upon the man’s weary features. “But it’s not your fault, Hux.” “ Snoke .” The word tasted violent upon his tongue, like bloodsalt and burning ash. “Who is he?” “I don’t know.” It was not helpless. It was hard instead, an old wound that scarred deep and hard. “We never knew,” he said, and now there lurked the faintest hint of resigned surprise about the words, too. “Ben told you about it, then?” “Some of it.” He gave the answer warily enough, for all he doubted secrets would serve any of them well, in these strange days. “He said there was a voice in his head, when he was young.” The next words held a faint reluctance, and yet he gave over to them all the same. “And then his Aunt…exorcised him?” “Mara.” His face flashed with some odd expression, chased away but a second later; to Hux, it had been the strongest resemblance he’d ever noticed between Skywalker and Organa. “She showed him how to shield against outside influences, and it appeared to drive him away. As far as we can tell, Snoke never tried to come back – Ben never said anything, and we never sensed any return of his influence. But even Mara couldn’t tell the source, for all she’d been more involved with the Dark than any of us.” He seemed somewhere between amused and resigned when he added, “She was a Hand to the old Emperor.” Hux closed his eyes, very briefly; somewhere, in the back of his mind, he could hear the tight flap of crimson banners in a strong wind, could feel the tug of a white cape about shoulders held strong and a spine rigid and upright. “Interesting choice of occupation,” he murmured, eyes open, again. “For someone who ended up involved with the last of the Jedi, I mean.” That earned him a sour look – one that made Skywalker appear oddly youthful, for all he was no old man yet. “I could say the same for the general who ended up in the bed of a Knight of Ren.” “Let’s not talk about that.” The man nodded, arms folding across his chest. “Yes, it’s hardly dinnertime conversation.” And for a moment, said conversation rested – and not uneasily. Hux waited while Skywalker collected his thoughts; a sigh, and he was done. “Mara has been trying, all these years, to determine what Snoke was.” “And she’s found nothing?” Skywalker, again, appeared unimpressed by Hux’s sharp question. “She has been away for many reasons, most of which I will not tell you about.” His own sharpness evaporated as his brow furrowed, something distant entering his eyes. A light, ever-bright and always held at arm’s length. “But…she does research. Seeks out Jedi and Sith holocrons from ancient sites, and has them sent back to me to study.” Hux knew then desire to ask why she did not bring them back herself – if Skywalker had even seen her again, after she had presumably left their daughter to his singular care. But he also knew better enough than to ask. Which was likely why he did. “Do you teach that here?” At Skywalker’s frown, he added, “the non-attachment clause of the Jedi code. If that was what it was. They never married, did they?” His lips worked, deep in the beard that had already begun to grey around its edges. Then he shook his head. “I encourage the students to focus upon themselves, first. But I don’t discourage friendship, or deeper connections.” He met Hux’s eyes, did not blink. “No matter how peculiar those connections may be.” He had to look away, cheeks caught in sudden high flush. And even as he began counting stars to quieten his heartbeat, Skywalker went on. “When it comes to Ben, Mara’s been very interested in what we call the Living Force.” That had him frowning, looking back; he’d never liked the feeling of ignorance. “What is that? The Force in living things? I thought Kylo told me it was already in all living things.” “It is.” Again, his face folded in upon a frown. “The Living Force…it’s a different way of accessing it. Or observing it, I suppose – of becoming one with it. It’s not the Jedi way, precisely, though there were Jedi who sought it out.” Something quirked at the corner of his lips; not quite a smile. A borrowed emotion, perhaps, felt very strongly from another. “One Jedi, in particular, was the Master of the Jedi who first taught me.” Hux sought out the name, found it in faint memory. “Obi-Wan Kenobi?” “The very same.” His voice took on a queer tone when he added, “The Jedi that Ben was named for.” Before Hux could think to comment or even clarify, Skywalker went on. “He was also the Master to Anakin Skywalker – though had the Force had its way, there was another who would have trained him. His own Master, as it was.” “Who was that?” Again, Hux felt from Skywalker a sorrow that did not appear to be his own. “His name was Qui-Gon Jinn.” Then, he gave a short, humourless chuckle. “And given the circumstances, I believe Master Jinn is perhaps the most qualified to give us advice on Ben Solo. Or to train Ben himself, if that’s even possible.” “But he’s dead. Surely.” “Yes. That was why Anakin’s training fell to Master Kenobi.” Something odd shifted behind his pale eyes, disappearing as quickly as Hux had noticed it. “There are ways for those passed, those strong in the Force, to communicate with the living. It doesn’t always last; I haven’t personally seen Ben Kenobi in years.” At Hux’s raised eyebrow, he only shook his head. “And to the best of my knowledge, no-one now living has communicated with Master Jinn at all.” For a long moment Hux resumed counting the stars above, as if their simple order could make sense of such chaos below. In the end, he felt he’d achieved little when he gave up, and turned back to Skywalker and his watchful gaze. “But you feel if you understood this…Living Force, that you might be able to? That you could ask this dead Master for advice, for Kylo?” Skywalker gave a small, rolling shrug; Hux sensed no uncertainty, no embarrassment. “Master Jinn saw the Force differently to other Jedi. We know, for instance, that he took a deep interest in the Temple of the Whills, before the Empire destroyed the holy city. And their guardians, though not Jedi, held great connection to the Force.” Again, Hux could see something of the headstrong youth who starred in so many stories of the great Rebellion when he added, “I can but hope that might be given opportunity enough to speak with him.” Hux, the child of doomed Imperials, shared no such convictions. “You said Master Jinn should have trained Anakin Skywalker,” he began, slow and careful. “Do you think Ben Solo is doomed to follow that path? The Dark Side?” In his mind burned the memory of a red saber, held in the hand of Kylo Ren – and also, too, the memory of the same saber in the hand of Kylo Organa Solo. And now Skywalker frowned, shook his head. “I don’t know. But I do know there is only so much I can do for him myself. And your dreams suggest we’ve done something right, to have kept Ben to a lighter path, for this long.” Raising his hand – the non-cybernetic one, Hux noted, the same one he’d laid upon Kylo’s flushed skin – Skywalker pressed his hair away from his face. “But it is my responsibility, as both his uncle and the only Master he has known, to locate someone who can aid him where I cannot.” A light wind had begun to rise; without thinking Hux turned into it, let it play over his skin, “And you think this is why this Snoke was so interested in him?” he asked, blunt. “Why it seems he’s been interested in him, across multiple realities?” “Ben is unusual.” And then he snorted, corrected his own assessment. “Ben is unique .” “As are all Skywalkers, it seems to me.” For reasons Hux expected would always be unknown, Skywalker actually appeared taken back by the remark. And then he coughed, looked upwards to the same stars and planet that Hux had pretended to be so fascinated for. At this angle, one could almost make out the uneven orb of Yavin 3. “Well,” he said, and it was a long moment before he spoke again. “Well, Ben won’t wake for hours, yet. You should go get some sleep.” His hands moved to quiet fists at the thought, unknown, unseen even to Hux himself. Though he doubted the dreams would come again in what was left of tonight – and that Kylo, in his sedated state, would be exposed further to them – the thought twisted his stomach, left him faintly nauseated and cold. And Skywalker sighed, again. “If you want to stay with him,” he said, very soft, “you can.” Hux only looked away, to the path that would lead back to his empty room. “It’s probably better if I don’t.” Sitting on the veranda, a blanket about his shoulders, Hux didn’t find any sleep of his own. In the end he shrugged off even that slight weight; it had the bitter taste of false memory about it, somehow. At the breakfast table, he then found himself enduring the low murmurs and stares of the students. As the child of an Imperial defector, it took no skin off of his nose. Instead he kept an eye out for Skywalker. The man arrived late to the meal, and from his clothing had not bothered looking for any rest of his own. There was no sign of Rey. As Skywalker began to fill a plate from what little his students had left behind – baby Jedi had ravenous appetites, it seemed – Hux rose from his own place at the table. Something said it was a mistake, but he kept moving all the same. “How is he?” Skywalker didn’t look up from his contemplation of the nearly emptied porridge bowl. “Sleeping, still.” He got nothing else from the man. With no desire to eat of his own, despite the fact he’d had only a piece of sweet pulpy fruit earlier, Hux set about getting himself a fresh cup of the temple’s closest equivalent of caf, a strong black tea. Seated at his place, watching the silent Master, he drank slow of its bitterness. And then he watched as the reticent and subdued students finished and tidied away the remnants of their own meal, and then dispersed. But Skywalker had not moved, not yet. Again he moved close. “Can I see him?” “Do you want to?” Hux gave no verbal answer. But whatever Skywalker saw in his eyes was apparently enough for him. All too soon they were moving again, back through the temple. Only sudden footsteps at their back interrupted their silence. “Wait!” They turned, almost as one. Dameron, dark hair a riotous mess and high colour upon dusky cheeks, flushed deeper under their joint gaze. “There’s…there’s been a comm from Senator Organa.” Skywalker gave him singularly unimpressed look. “I thought I made it clear we weren’t to disturb her with Ben’s condition unless it became unavoidable.” He shook his head, still catching his breath; Hux began to suspect again that Dameron did not sleep within the temple compound, and in fact had just come from wherever his family had originally lived. “I don’t think she knows about Ben. She didn’t mention him at all.” The dark eyes now fixed upon someone else entirely. “She said she’s bringing someone here to see Hux .” His sudden, rapid heartbeat felt to have climbed right up into his throat, and with ever pulse, he knew what it could mean: electrocuffs about wrist and ankle, his identichip blacklisted, refugee status revoked, settled into a transport not back to Coruscant, but to one of its many orbiting penal colonies. “I can’t stay here.” It wasn’t panic, not yet, but his voice quickened and rose with every word. “Skywalker, let me leave. Just give me a ship. You won’t see me again—” “Whoa, whoa, Red – stop.” His hand felt too hot on his forearm; Hux shook it off, and Dameron just shook his head harder. “It’s not the long arm of the Republican law, at least not so far as I know.” He reached for him again, even as Hux stepped neatly back. “She said it was Nahani Gillen. Apparently she’s the senator for Uyter. Do you know her?” His knees went out from under him. The move was horrifyingly pathetic, leaving him scrambling for the support of the pilot, shorter but at least stockier. But he did not fall. Leaning upon Dameron, Hux held his place, staring up at the sky as if they would appear at any second, already half-blinded by the sun. He had the vague awareness that Skywalker had taken his leave, though Dameron remained. And he closed his eyes, tried to find something like sensible thought once more. “Are they here now?” he asked, hoarse and aching. And Dameron, almost bewildered now, shook his head. “They’re en route. It’ll be half a day, maybe.” Then, with genuine concern: “Hux, buddy. You need to sit down.” Without further thought, Hux dropped, head cradled in his hands long before he hit the ground. Oddly, Dameron came down beside him, one broad hand flat on a shoulderblade. The odd warmth of it almost did something for the strange chill in his blood. “So, uh.” He cleared his throat. “You need a hand getting back?” Hux glanced up, bleak. “Back where ?” “Your room?” Dameron’s smile turned lopsided; it suited his easy handsomeness almost a little too well. “You might want to have a liedown. A cup of tea, even – there’s a great blend I can get you, good for the nerves. Local recipe, native plants.” Then he chuckled, again, the sound as rich and warm as the air of his homeworld. “And yeah, you probably want to doll yourself up a bit for a couple of lady senators. Especially one that used to be a princess.” Hux managed a smile of his own, weary and watery both, as he pushed back to his feet. One hand moved out, caught Dameron at the elbow. “Especially one that used to be my boss ,” he said, wan, and Dameron blinked very hard. “Oh. Yeah. Benny did mention…” When he first started swearing, in was in what Hux could only assume a particularly colourful native dialect; only the very last of it appeared to be in Basic. “ Shit . Did we kidnap you from your actual job or something? Benny didn’t tell me that —” With a shake of his head, Hux almost chuckled. “Technically, I quit. Before Kylo kidnapped me. But it wasn’t as if I’d had much in the way of prospects before that.” And then, unable to mask the pride in it: “I did manage to punch one of my co-workers in the face on the way out, mind you.” One dark eyebrow arched high. “He deserve it?” “Likely more than, but it was enough for the moment.” A rough slap took him between the shoulders, and then his hand scruffed him about the neck before Hux could fall flat on his face. “Good job, buddy!” And then, a little more seriously, “But if I let you go now, you think you can stand?” Hux hadn’t even realised he was still holding on. With some difficulty – and no small embarrassment – he extracted his hand from Dameron’s elbow, held his spine stiff even as he swayed. “Sorry.” A shrug, and his grin was back. “Happy to help, you know me.” Still, there was clear concern in the tilt of his head. “But I will get you that cup of tea.” Drawing a deep breath through his nose, Hux exhaled it slowly through his mouth. “So you were serious,” he said, and even managed to be conversational about it. “Leia Organa and Nahani Gillen are coming here .” Dark eyes flicked upwards, generous lips turning now to brief from. “Well, that’s what the Senator said. And I tell you what, when that woman tells me to jump? I don’t even ask how high, I just make sure I get as high as I can. And then some.” Even with Dameron’s easy words, another chill swept over him. “What’s she going to say when she sees Kylo?” “Ah – well.” He paused, a little too long. “I guess…I won’t tell her, if you don’t?” Hux supposed it was his uncle’s job either way. But then he wondered if he could really expect Senator Gillen to plead for his life now he was no longer on her staff. ***** Hux stood silent as he observed the beginning of the senate shuttle’s landing cycle. At his side, Rey stood with the same wordless quiet. She’d also had taken his hand, entirely without asking. He let her have it. The justification was simple enough: just a way of masking the fact it probably would have been shaking, otherwise. “I don’t like her.” The whisper had him turning a sharp look upon her. “What?” But she didn’t look to him, eyes fixed instead upon the ship, and the acute angle it had taken on its last approach. In profile, her face was a simple, almost gamin thing, long dark hair pulled back in a collection of uneven knots. “Senator Gillen,” she said, and did not once blink. “She’s scary.” Something jolted loose in his stomach, cold and strange. “You’ve met her?” “No.” Her hand closed tighter still around his own. “I’ve just seen her in holos.” Looking away himself to the ship, again, he debated his reply. What he gave her was as carefully edited as any speech he’d given within the walls of the senate buildings. “I like her very much, Rey.” “I know you do.” When he glanced down, it was to meet large eyes, somehow sad and weary both. “She likes you, too.” He couldn’t be sure how to answer that. But then it did not seem to matter, for the shuttle had at last settled down upon the landing pad like a bird of prey, folding back its extended wings. As he glanced back the landing bay yawned open, the ramp extending in quick concertina. Two strangers emerged first; bodyguards of those within, for all their weapons remained concealed. And then, but a few steps behind: two women, straight-backed and strong, stepping quick and in near-harmony as they descended into the warm humidity of Yavin 4. Immediately he found his eyes drawn to Leia Organa; it seemed only natural, given the magnetism of the woman, one who always drew others to her powerful orbit. But Hux did not linger long there. Already he felt the draw instead towards Nahani Gillen – and when he rose from his low bow, it was to find her pale eyes fixed upon his, hands outstretched, moving towards him. “Brendol.” The sound of her voice alone was like a blade drawn across his throat, blood pressure dropping to nothing, head swimming, the world seemingly vanished from beneath his feet. But he moved forward all the same, felt the warmth of his fingers close around his own as though they would always be his anchor. “Senator Gillen,” he said, very hoarse. And her smile was brilliant, bright and burning and utterly consuming. “It is good to see you,” she said, low-voiced and lovely; even as he made reluctantly to draw his hands back, her long fingers tightened again. “How have you been?” “I…” “Nahani.” Something flickered in those eyes, a shadow across the sun – but then she was smiling again, looking to where Organa had appeared, now with Skywalker at her side. Hux had not seen a moment of their reunion. Already he was looking back to Gillen when Organa added, more pointed now, “We should go inside.” “We should indeed,” Skywalker said, with oddly expansive welcome. But there was something strange about his own bright eyes when he extended a hand towards his unknown guest. “Senator Gillen?” Though she let Hux’s hands fall, she made no motion to take that of Skywalker, only inclining her pale head in acknowledgement instead. She also slowed when Hux made the attempt to follow two steps behind her. They ended up in a place that was not the same chamber where Skywalker had first taken him. It proved instead a much larger meeting space, and at its centre sat a great wooden table. Round and thick, it had clearly been taken entire from some great old tree. Hux had seen nothing of its type or size in even these dense forests. Stepping deeper into the unexpected coolness of the space, he could not help but press his hands to it, marvelling. And for a moment, again, he could remember so clearly the great dark woods of Arkanis, not seen since he’d been scarcely more than five years of age. “It is lovely, isn’t it?” When Hux looked up, it was to find his words were quite gone, again. In this place, in her presence, he could sense an entire life – one that had always been just out of his reach, even when he’d been close. At her faint smile, sudden fear took him hard, and dragged him low. But he kept his voice even, the reluctant skill of one long trained to perfect oratory. “Are you here to escort me back to Coruscant?” The shake of her head wad but faint, her pale eyes locked upon his own. “I am on my way to Uyter.” The pale head inclined, her smile for a moment almost shy. “And I could take you with me.” For a long moment he could only stare, as if gravity had given out, along with basic oxygen. And then he whispered, desperate and hoarse. “What?” “Brendol.” One slim hand rose, gently curved about his face. “It doesn’t matter what your father has done,” she said, very soft, and at his choking breath she shook her head, her smile returned, and so very lovely. “Senator Organa has made sure that the actions of neither your father nor her son will hold you back from what you have worked so long for.” Only when her hand fell away could he breathe, again. Mute, now, Hux could only turn to Organa with frank disbelief. In turn she gave a brief nod of her own, dark eyes watchful, hair pulled away from her face in a complicated coronet of thick braids. “Ben has already made clear that he took you without permission,” she said, and then -- a faint flicker of some odd emotion moved across her features, unreadable and too quick. “He made a statement that a disturbance in the Force led him to remove you without permission from Coruscant, before your father made his escape.” Incredulity gave him back his tongue. “That’s a legal defence ?” he said, more demanding than he’d intended. “A disturbance in the Force ?” Her lips thinned. “It is when you’re a Skywalker.” One hand rose, forbidding for all its small size. “But you do not need to concern yourself with that at the moment. Between Ben’s statement and Nahani’s sponsorship, you are legally entitled to go to Uyter.” “But what about Kylo?” The words broke loose before he’d even thought them to himself. “What does this mean for him? Is he in some kind of trouble?” She only blinked, just once. “Ben will be fine.” Tilting her head, she remained so watchful, and Hux knew again why she had been at the forefront of a victorious rebellion force. “He’s given you a choice, Hux.” His hands tightened on the table even as his head blanked out again, just for a moment. And when he shook it clear, glancing around the mostly empty chamber, he realised for the first time that Rey was not there with them. But neither is Kylo. And we all know why . His throat had turned dry, and so very tight. “Does he know?” he asked. “That Senator Gillen is here?” “No.” Her answer, so short and deliberate, had him looking downwards like a chastised child. But there, he could see again his own hands, spread open over the table. The lines of growth radiating outwards from beneath his fingers, making them look so small against the weight of years upon years, built upon the sprouting of a single seed. He looked up, eyes dry, voice very steady. “I will go with Senator Gillen to Uyter. Thank you for your help, Senator Organa.” “ No !” They all turned, very nearly as one – and a small figure stood silhouetted in the doorway, legs planted wide, hands balled to fists, face blotchy and red. “Rey.” Organa’s surprise had a distinctly disapproving cast to it, one almost entirely maternal. “What are you doing in here?” But her eyes, bright and burning with salt, were fixed upon Hux alone. “You can’t do this !” “All right.” Skywalker already moved quick across the room – almost too quick, his motions quick and graceful. “Rey? We need to go outside.” But she had already darted away, skipping across the room like a cannonball, coming to short stop before him. “Hux,” and her hands balled in his robes, pulled him forward even as he did not drop to her level. She didn’t care, staring up at him with pure clear rage. “Are you really going leave Benny like this ? And me! Don’t you even care about me , too?” Sudden weariness overtook him then, and he didn’t even have the energy to start plucking the borrowed clothes free of her tearing grip. “I never said I was a nice person, Rey.” “It’s not about what’s nice !” She actually attempted to shake him, and for a dreadful moment he felt the air about him shift, contract, drawing tight about arm and thigh and throat. “It’s about what’s right !” “Okay. All right. That’s enough .” And already it was failing, fading, pulling away – and Skywalker was on his knees, turning the little girl to face him, hands on her hunched and shaking shoulders. “Rey. Rey. This isn’t about you.” And when she looked up, Hux was discomforted to see she appeared but seconds from outright sobs. “Isn’t it?” “Rey—” And then she was gone – running, blind and furious out of the room. In her wake Skywalker closed his eyes, made no attempt to retake his feet. Then Organa moved to his side, one small hand strong upon his shoulder. “Luke,” she advised, in a tone that brooked no argument, “let her work it off.” Then, even closer to a command almost military, “And I should like to see my son.” But even as she spoke to her brother, those dark eyes flicked over to him. The gesture was as sharp and sudden as a stab to the gut in some backend alley. But she did not waste her time on words. Instead they were already moving away, together; both so very small in stature, but great enough to change the course of the galaxy entire, together. “They’re extraordinary people.” Nahani Gillen was no telepath. He supposed that was why he felt no unease at the way she read his thoughts. With a sigh he turned back to her, found her as remarkable as she’d been the moment she had stepped down from the shuttle. The pale hair was different, he noticed, waved away from her face and caught up in a golden shimmer atop her head. Long silver earrings dangled from both ears, and he thought how odd to see her with jewellery, though her long wide-sleeved gown was familiar enough. And the he shook his head. The more things changed, the more they would stay the same. “It’s certainly been a strange few days, here with them,” he said, quite honest. It earned him a low chuckle, and a faint shake of her head. “I can only imagine.” Reaching forward, again, one hand patted over his. “I am glad you chose to come with me.” Her touch felt almost as a benediction. “I’ve wanted it for so long,” he said, simple in its truth. “And I’ve worked hard for it.” “That is why you have earned this.” He only just resisted the temptation to follow, as Gillen withdrew her hand. “I should warn you, though.” His brow furrowed. “Of what?” “Chadri is still amongst my staff.” “ Why ?” A slow, strange smile blossomed across her lovely features. “You shall see,” she said, quite mysterious – and then, she even winked . Startled, Hux at first had no reply. And then, he surrendered to a slight, small chuckle. “Will I?” “Oh, yes.” Rising, now, her easy humour slipped away like the sun behind a cloud. “We have much to discuss, yet. But we can do it upon the transport.” The sudden twinge of fear rang a discordant note through him, as sharp as a fresh vibroblade. “We’re going now ?” “I am only borrowing a transport signed out in Leia’s name. We can go on to Uyter, and send it back to collect her on its return to Coruscant.” Again, a faint smile played at her lips. “Much as she does enjoy spending time with her family, she cannot be gone long from the Senate. Not this close to the vote, and its dissolution.” And for all his mind warred with this sudden shift in reality, his thoughts had shifted too easily to their old configuration: to the world of the senate and the New Republic, which but a scant few weeks ago had been all that truly concerned him. “Do you really think we have a chance?” he asked, quiet and urgent. “To bring it to Uyter?” Her hand moved, again, settled light upon one slim shoulder, still dressed as he was in the borrowed clothes of an apprenticed Jedi. “With you to aid me, yes. What we want will come to pass.” He only just resisted the urge to lean into her touch. “I’m hardly so influential.” “We all start from humble beginnings, Brendol.” Her softness soon returned to a sharp efficiency. “Do you have any belongings you need to collect?” “No, but…” Again: that odd, frantic feeling of before. Within seconds he had it quashed, pushed down, buried beneath the façade of calm cool collection. He’d had such long practice at doing so. “I just need to say goodbye, first.” Gillen allowed a gracious incline of her head. “I will wait for you, at the ship.” It left him dizzied and squinting, to step back out into the bright sun. Even half-blinded, he pressed on, stepping across the courtyards until he reached the cooler shadows of the arcades. Oddly, he almost immediately ran into Luke Skywalker. “Have you found Rey?” “She’s blocking me.” Shaking his head, lips pressed to thinness, he added with tight calm, “Ben should never have taught her how to do that.” Hux’s shrug was calculated in its carelessness, for all his heart tightened. “Surely it has its uses.” “For an eight year old child?” But the sharpness vanished a moment later, blown out on a sudden sigh. “I’m sorry, Hux. None of this is your fault.” And his own guilt only grew when the man added, “You didn’t ask for any of this.” “Well.” With his earlier aplomb now quite faded away, Hux shifted uncomfortably from one foot to the next, and resisted the urge to look back to the path that would lead him away from this damned place. “If not for Kylo, I wouldn’t be here. And I don’t mean here on Yavin 4.” He even managed a smile, tight and taut though it was. “He did save my life.” “And for good reason, I would think.” His hand shot out, grasping and terribly strong, taking Hux’s own before he could even think to recoil. “May the Force be with you, Brendol Hux.” As he withdrew his hand, released as suddenly as it had been taken, Hux found himself oddly touched – for all the odd frisson still dancing electric-sharp along his skin. “Thank you,” and he was also somewhat surprised to find he meant it. And then, without even being asked, Skywalker gave a brisk nod. “He’s in the infirmary.” Even as Hux sourly thought how nice it would be to leave the presence of telepaths, he listened close to Skywalker’s directions, simple and telling. Then he was moving, leaving the man alone, even as his mind rebelled at the thought he’d spent so much time in the presence of genuine legend. But he moved only from one, to the other; when he pressed the ajar door of the infirmary open, it was to find a wide open space occupied by only Organa, seated by her son. In a corner bed they clustered close, dark heads bent towards one another like orbiting singularities. When standing side by side, seemed impossible that they should be related; he so large and gangling, she so small and compact. But the power of them – so painfully similar, it could be but emphasised by seeing them together. She glanced up first. Her dark eyes, so very like her son’s, were instead very different in their cool assessment. And then she was leaning back, raising an eyebrow in something not quite like a welcome. “Ah.” That sound alone would have said enough, but then she spoke his name, and it was worse. “Mr. Hux.” “Just Hux is fine, Senator Organa,” he said, slightly too stiff. When she snorted, his lips moved to a frown. “I don’t mean to interrupt.” “But you want to speak to my son.” Her eyes flickered down to where Kylo, oddly, kept his silence. “Alone, as I figure it.” Shifting his weight, Hux thought better of answering something that was not entirely a question. He didn’t even know what it was she asked of him, demanding as the expression in her eyes remained. But then she rose, and he only just resisted the urge to lean forward in low bow. Leia Organa had shed her royal titles with the fall of her home planet, but she would always retain the bearing of a crown princess. When she had gone, Hux took her seat and felt somehow very small in her place. Kylo’s dark eyes remained watchful upon him. They were not clouded with drugs, now. But they were almost preternaturally quiet. He wondered if his mother had already told him Gillen was here. If she had already told him that Hux had made his decision. He had not been born to feel so small. But then, the senate had given him practice enough at that, over the years. “I’m sorry,” Kylo croaked, sudden, eyes sudden bright blaze. “But then…I’m not sorry. At all.” Hux’s tongue moved out, rasped over dry lips. “For bringing me here?” And it hurt, to ask, even as he made it sound as nothing more than sharp demand. “Did you really know my father was going to defect back to the Order?” His eyes rolled back into his head, as if quite disbelieving of Hux’s blindness. “No,” he said, and then he turned his head again – weary, this time. “But I knew something was going to happen.” His pause came unnatural, harsh. “And I couldn’t leave you there amongst it,” he said, and now each word was sudden, pulsing. “You can’t go back there, Hux. You can’t .” “I’m not.” Calm had overtaken him now, certain and cold. “I’m going to Uyter.” Apparently Organa had told him nothing of this – for he only stared, eyes too wide, threatening to swallow the world whole. And, leaning back just a little, Hux folded his hands neatly into his lap, and started again. “Nahani Gillen came here. With your mother.” Each word was carefully enunciated, as delineated and straightforward as one of his presentation slides. “She’s leaving again, now. And I am going with her.” Kylo snorted, rude and derisive. “It’s a mistake.” “What?” His had shot out, closed with bruising strength around one slim wrist. “Stay here,” he said, and clenched tighter. “With me.” With a sudden flare of anger, Hux yanked back, moving once more to his feet. “What am I here, but a curiosity? The Force isn’t with me. Not the way it is with you, and yours.” Even as his breathing turned hard, harsh, he pulled back, moved to a tone more formal than that of the friends they might have once become. “I…yes, I’m grateful, Kylo. Without you, I would be dead. Without you, I’d probably be incarcerated for my father’s crimes.” “Yes.” His face had turned mask-like and still, eyes glittering and dark. “Without me, you’d be nothing, now.” His own scowl burned bright as a lit saber. “But this isn’t about you , Kylo,” he said, harsh and hot. “It’s about me. The fact that Senator Gillen wants me for me .” Then he closed his eyes tight, breathed deep, wondered when he’d lost his precious control. When he opened them again, his voice had returned to even keel, slow and steady. “Kylo. I remember what you said. And I believe you meant it.” And now he sought, found, held on tight to the low cajoling tones of an orator at his finest. “But this isn’t my place. I don’t belong here.” His flat expression matched perfectly his words. “And you really think you belong with her .” “I’d be making my own way, so yes, I do.” He didn’t mean for his voice to break on the next words. That might have been why it did. “And it might be better. For us to be apart.” Kylo’s eyes widened, and Hux turned his head against the sudden rise of guilt, bile in his throat. “Because I do realise that I did this to you—” “You didn’t .” His surprise was almost as much as his hurt. “The dreams, Hux. They’re not your fault.” “But he is me. In some way. In some reality.” He smiled, wide and without humour. “He hurt you. And he liked doing it.” It twisted to sharp grimace. “And he’ll do it again.” “Hux.” His hands on his arms pulled him around, drew him down. “You aren’t him.” “I could be.” “You won’t be,” Kylo said, and it was too harsh to be kind. “Not ever.” They were kissing but a moment later – and then, Hux found himself dragged down on top of him. He had forgotten the heat of that great body, a furnace stoked to furious burn. But even as he pulled back from the inferno, Kylo surged upward. Hands that were too knowing for their inexperience shoved up underneath the tunic, belt breaking free. It burned against his skin, fingertips already moving over his nipples, pebbling to sudden aching hardness. And with a roll of hips, Hux felt hard promise pressing close against his ass. “Kylo.” His own hips rocked back in traitorous return. “ Don’t .” “You’re going to leave me.” One hand slid down, past the waistband of the borrowed trousers; calluses dragged over soft skin with delicious bite, and the palm of his hand was too warm by half where it cupped the swell of one slim buttock. And Kylo pressed him close, lips barely masking his teeth as he pressed the words to the jumping pulse in his bared throat. “You could at least give me this , first. Like you promised.” “I promised no such thing.” As he pulled back, shoving Kylo’s touch away, the bitterness of the words only turned deeper yet. “And it’s not a good thing, besides.” He beat hard at the front of the robes, as if that would shake out the wrinkles. “But it’s the right thing, Kylo. And that’s what matters, now. I can’t help you. Your uncle can. But me? I can’t do a damn thing.” But even as he turned, even as he walked away, Hux was left with nothing but the urge to look back. He could feel Kylo’s eyes on him with every step he took. But he did not look back. There would be time enough, later. He could call him over holo. Maybe they could even talk about it. And in the end it was likely they would see each other again, as the staffer of a senator, as the son of the same. It had been a mistake and he knew it. But Hux made no move to correct it even though the opportunity still remained, eyes forward as he crossed the temple grounds for the last time. Somehow he could not regret that Dameron appeared as if from nowhere, smoothing back the riot of his dark hair. Hux even stopped, spoke without his voice breaking, and did not know how he managed such miracle. “Have you seen Rey?” From his sigh, Dameron was entirely up to date on the latest temple crisis. “No-one’s seen Rey.” His hands rose, fell. “But if you could wait a few hours—” “We’re going now.” At the arch of his eyebrow, Hux softened his tone, and meant it. “Look, it…was good to meet you, Dameron.” “ Poe .” Again, that over-friendly slap between his shoulders that might have been an assault, under other circumstances. “Stay safe, Red.” With prim grace he brushed down the borrowed robes, with their broken belt, and wondered if he should have changed first. “It’s Hux.” His grin was faintly sad. “Watch your back up there in the black, Red.” Gillen waited for him upon the ramp, tall and sleek in her dark gown. As he rose towards her, one hand extended; he took it, again, entirely without thinking. It was cool and dry in his hands, the air of Yavin 4 already cycling out of the ship’s interior. Hux did not look back at the ramp rising. As Gillen let go he took his place, and did not look out the window either. Instead he kept his eyes only upon the back of the seat before him. Gillen had moved somewhere forward – but even as the pilot began to murmur of their lift-off she came back, took her place at his side. And she smiled. “You’ve made the right choice,” she said, and it only twisted the knife a little deeper. “But was it a choice?” he asked, through lips that still burned with the memory of Kylo’s own. And Gillen simply nodded, reached forward, and brushed loose hair away from his burning eyes. “We always have a choice, Brendol.” The hand dropped away, and she turned with it. Hux closed his eyes, felt the thrum of the engines moving up through his feet, his calves, his thighs and groin and chest and heart. (“But it exerts enough influence that sometimes we cannot be sure which choices belong to the Force, and which remain entirely our own.”) Only when the ship had risen beyond all return did Hux open his eyes to watch as he left first Yavin 4, and then his connection to the Force itself, behind. The thought provided rather less comfort than he thought it should have.