Do I divide and fall apart? ' cause my bright is too slight to hold back all my dark And the ship went down in sight of land And at the gates, does Thomas ask to see my hands? * * You’re a lot of things with Ben. Tonight you're quiet, hands fisting in the fabric of his robes as he leans you into the wall. There's not an explanation for it, for the strange closeness that blossoms between you at odd intervals, that turns you soft and forgiving like the sweetest promise. You don't want to explain it, either. He's quiet too, unsure maybe, lips whispering things you can’t understand against the warm pulsing skin of your neck. He holds you tighter too, like he's afraid, like he knows there's a storm brewing and he's the thunder and lightning and the mayhem that comes with it. You don't question it, (you never question it), and you let him hold you like there's never been anybody but you, and you let his storms brew and his anger boil because that's all you ever could do with him, and that's all he’ll ever know. The halls of the temple are quiet. It's the first time you taste blood on his lips. Looking back, there's a part of you buried underneath years of denial that knows it was always just under the surface. Faintly, you remember kissing the taste of something sinister off of his lips, the taste of something you couldn't comprehend yet, but something deep and unsettling. Maybe it's why you fell so fast, spiraled so deeply. You've never been one to dwell though, so you press those thoughts back into the deepest parts of your mind and breathe in the warm sea-salt air. It reminds you of him, in some far off way, but you want to stop thinking of him. You know you'll see him soon enough, bodies crumpling under the darkness of an unforgiving storm, disappearing into the blood reddened snow. You can still feel the ice on the tips of your fingers, the frost biting your chapped lips, coating your lungs with every strained inhale. It's almost a dream, could've been a dream were you anyone else, but you know what it is now and what it means, the strange finality that sits in your stomach like a rock finally taking a name. You try not to remember the feeling of white-hot heat sinking through your ribcage, or molten brown eyes warm as the sun going stone cold as your life slips through long fingers you've spent years memorizing the feel of. The breeze comes back, but it's peaceful. You close your eyes. You don’t think anymore. “Do you ever wonder?” It's a weird question to ask when he's got his fingers curled inside your cunt, his tongue licking white-hot lines following the curve of your throat. And even stranger that he spoke through the bond, that he's able to think coherently while you can't begin to think past the electricity in your veins, the pulsing heat that takes residence low in your belly as he fucks you open with his hand. “Well, do you?” You don't know what he's asking. He knows as much too, and it's the reason he takes his cock out of his pants with one hand and shoves two long fingers down your throat with the other, tutting softly as you suck your own taste off of him and rock your hips into the feeling of his dick pressing into you slowly. It's a strange angle, pressed up against the wall of his room, hands tangled in his hair as he takes slow, deliberate thrusts, cockhead nudging your sweetspot with every stroke. “If I wasn't fucking you stupid, I’d expect an answer.” This time he speaks, tongue sounding heavy in his mouth as he brushes away the hair sticking to his forehead. Calm as his voice is, his emotional response is alight with lust and want and desperation and a thousand other feelings you couldn't even begin to describe. This is the strange side of Ben you're used to, the one that asks sketchy existential questions in the midst of sinking his cock into your body like he's fucking worshipping you, reverent despite the way he keeps face through it all. The one who likes to pretend he's not breaking every rule his Uncle set by allowing you into his room and allowing you to kiss the breath away from him. Your bond is already forbidden, already such a taboo thing, so vulgar now even though it's supposed to be pure and you're almost of age anyway. He adjusts himself right quick, and you suck in the air through your teeth, head lolling back as his hands fall to your hips and he bounces you between his cock and the wall. Yeah, you muse, between pants and moans and the feeling of your wet pussy contracting around him. You do wonder. Abafar is disgusting. The sun suffocates you under its penetrating heat, baking you inside the confines of your own skin. The canteen at your hip bounces with every pained step, slapping against your thigh listlessly, what little water you have left sloshing weakly. The comm at your wrist has long since gone silent, and you wonder, briefly, if you've been abandoned, if this pointless mission was a one way ticket straight to your death. You almost laugh. It would almost be merciful, dying quietly under the brutal desert sun, sinking into the shifting yellow sands. Maybe your body would turn to stone, a macabre monument left to a memory that nobody wants to remember. A biting wind picks up, stinging grains of sand coating your protective goggles and further impeding your sight. You don't bother wiping it away, too preoccupied with keeping your feet steady on the undulating dunes beneath you. It doesn't matter, anyway. You can feel the telltale familiarity sinking into your bones as Baz’ palace grows closer and closer. He's standing outside, you think, proud shoulders tensed as he waits with hands on his hips, a statue unmoving against the howling gales surrounding him. You close your eyes and press on. This will be the last time you see him. “I’m sorry.” Ben doesn't look at you when he says it, so quiet you almost miss it. You don't turn your head away from the feeling of the calm breeze pushing against your face. You don't need to. He won't want to see your eyes, not now, not with the new strangeness that surrounds you both, that blankets whatever peace was left between you. He's too weak for that. “Don't be,” you whisper, eyes falling closed as you breathe in the stale midnight air. “I didn't expect anything less.” He hisses through his teeth, a breath toxic as the poison in his heart clouding in front of him. “But you understand, right? You know why I did it?” “Yes,” you whisper, without hesitation. “Your need for validation far outweighs whatever bond we share. You only wanted your uncle to be proud of you. I don't blame you, Ben. I would've done the same thing.” His emotional response, something you've prided yourself with how well-attuned you are, goes blank, breath stalling as a wheeze in his chest as he goes still, nervous shifting coming to a steady halt. “You wouldn't have,” he breathes, deathly quiet. “You're not as selfish as I am.” “Maybe,” you tell him. “I wish things were different,” he admits, everything you're used to feeling disappearing as he closes himself to you. “I'm sorry I disappointed you.” In one fleeting moment of weakness, he presses close to you and leaves a warm, wanting kiss against your lips, hands slipping underneath your robes to feel the heat of your skin bare against his hands. He stays there, for a moment, losing himself in the taste of your tongue and the feeling of completion that rises in his chest, bubbling and unwelcome. “Me too,” you whisper, breathless, when he pulls away and starts on the trail back to the temple. He's not sure what that's in response to, but he figures it's better if he doesn't know. It'll hurt him less, in the end. When he sees you, relief paints his strong features into a smile. Baz is just as you remember him, all broad shoulders and brute strength, every plane and every angle cut handsomely. His grin, no less dazzling than the last time you saw it, warms you softly, heats the ice growing in your core until you can't feel it anymore. The second you set your little sack down, he wraps his arms around you and bends to your height, placing a soft kiss just below your ear. “How've you been, kid?” His voice is raspy, soft, the warmest sound you've heard in years, and you can't help but cry. Him, you missed. This, you missed. You want to reply (terrible, shitty, a mess,) but you can't, the words catching in your throat, leaving your lips in the form of a choked sob instead. He only holds you tighter, presses against you firmer, and you collapse deeper as he leads you into his place with a firm hand at the slope of your hip and his lips against your temple. In another life, you might've loved him. You’ll tell him everything, because he at least deserves that. You know at the end of the night you'll end up underneath him, panting secrets into his ear as he fucks you into his mattress. You’ll revel in it. It's the last comfort you’ll get. The trials are in a week. Ben can't stop thinking about it, body thrumming with excitement at the prospect of finally completing this stupid program. Or maybe there's another reason behind the strange glint in his dulcet brown eyes, the strange secrecy wrapped around him like a cloak. You don't know–don't want to, either, so you don't ask. Instead, you spend time with Baz, the young mechanic hired to help Luke around the temple. Ben doesn't like him, you know that, but there's not much of him left for you to care about. Baz is warm and soft and loving and kind and Ben, Ben is– Ben is Ben, hot and red and consuming and dangerous. There's no explaining him, no putting a name to the fire that burns beneath his skin. He's left you already, left you broken and aching and desperate for the bond to be repaired, but it's not something he tries to care about anymore. There's something itching through his veins, something far more significant than the brittle bond he foolishly forged as a child, the connection frayed beyond time and repair. You know as much, can see it swirling in his mannerisms, can feel it radiating off of him in turgid waves, can see it twisting and distorting him. Ben isn't Ben, but Baz will always be Baz, so you take shelter in him. The two of you laugh together, and Ben feels his gut twist painfully. Not much longer, now. “You're tellin’ me that he's him? That he’s the Kylo Ren?” Baz, cute as he is, has always been kind of slow. The heat of his body is comforting behind you, chest bare against your back as he trails kisses from your shoulder to your ear and back again. You lean into him, eyes closed in quiet bliss, legs spreading of their own accord. “Yeah,” you murmur, monotonously. “The night before the trials he–um, he slaughtered everyone save for Luke and I. He said that Ben was dead, that he was weak and unstable, and that Kylo was so much stronger. I didn't know what to think.” He sucks a mark into your skin, hand creeping around your hip to cup your sex. Your breath hitches, head falling back against his shoulder as he rubs his palm languidly. “So your soulmate is a crazed mass-murderer, suddenly your force-bond or whatever has been opened, and you've seen him kill you?” “Yeah,” you pant, hips working against his hand as he catches your clit between his knuckles, teasing the swollen bud with a few gentle tugs. “Something like that.” He laughs as he dips a finger into your heat, then two and three. “That's seriously fucked up.” You want to respond past the mewls and whimpers, but there's nothing left of your voice, too lost within the feeling of his hand working you open. It is a welcome distraction, and you don't think about Ben anymore, or Kylo Ren. Baz groans in your ear, low and needy, and you don't mind it as he pulls his hands away and presses your face against the mattress, angling your hips up as he fucks into you in one fluid motion, wet pussy swallowing him greedily. His hand is warm against the back of your neck, comforting in its size. You lose yourself to him, to the feeling of his strokes measured and sure, his free arm wrapped about your waist as he bends over and pants into your ear. In another life, you might've loved him. Your room looks different in this light, soft from the small torchlight left dim on your nightstand. You can feel him before you see him, a strange sense of urgency flooding through you as the bond opens momentarily. He steps out from the shadows of your doorway, eyes a bit wild as he slides the door closed and approaches your bedside. He doesn't clamber atop the way you half-hope he does, instead kneeling on the ground at your side, staring into your eyes with a quiet intensity you're unused to. “Forgive me,” he whispers, moving his hand to rest against your cheek, warm and welcome. “I need you to forgive me.” You swallow past the lump in your throat, brows furrowing as you lean up and rest your weight on your elbow, free hand move to tangle with the one pressed against your jaw. “Of course, Ben,” you murmur, resolutely. “Always.” Something shifts in his expression, dark and brooding, and he sighs as he leans forward and leaves a chaste kiss against your lips. “There's a ship,” he starts, mouth still pressed to yours. “Not one of Luke’s, in the cargo hangar. I need you to go to it, and I need you to leave.” Something unpleasant, heavy and constricting, gnaws at your breastbone. “Ben…” “Please,” he begs, opening his frantic eyes. “I need you to be away from here. You can't be caught in the middle.” “Caught in the middle of what, Ben,” it's quiet, unsure, fear crawling through your veins. “Ben, please tell me what's going on.” “You needn't be concerned with it,” he murmurs, low. “Just do as I say, and all will make sense later.” “What about the trials?” He stiffens at your side. “Forget about them. Come, you have to move.” You trust him, so you follow wordlessly, wrapping yourself in the warmth of your robes. He stops at the door, broad shoulders deflating slightly. “I really do hope you can forgive me one day.” And he's out the door, quick as lightning, gone into the darkness of the night. You don't know why you follow his strange instructions. You don't know why you take his ship and flee the planet, racing to the quietest reaches of the Galaxy. You don't know. Baz’ bed is warm. It's a pleasant lull when you wake up, pressed against his body, intimate and quiet and soft. There's nothing but the two of you, the gentle sounds of your breaths leaving your lungs, your hearts beating firmly behind your ribs. It's something, given the opportunity, you could've gotten used to. It's something you know won't happen again. His blonde hair, curled slightly from the humidity of the room, is fanned out against the pillow, strong features soft in the dim light of the sun, the quiet peace sleep brings. He shifts when you do, cracking a smile as you curl into him despite the stink of sweat and sex. It's weirdly domestic, almost too much for the relationship you share. When he opens his eyes, they're sad. “You leave today, don't you?” You only nod, not trusting your voice enough to get your words across. He understands though, and he kisses you slow and languid, melting you until you’re putty underneath his capable hands. This is the last time. You feel it when it happens, the immense loss of life exploding through the force. It twists your insides, cracks your heart, pumps white hot agony through your veins instead of blood. You scream and scream and scream. It all makes sense now. “Be careful out there, alright?” You appreciate it, of course you do, but it’s too final for you, makes you feel guilty and dirty. It's a promise you can't keep. Baz gives you a sad smile, leaning down to kiss your forehead. He knows. “Take care of yourself, okay?” Your voice is solid and true, the only thing you can give him now as you prepare to take his ship and hunt down your death. It's a strange feeling, a strange goodbye, but it's alright. It'll always be alright, you tell yourself, even if fear sits in your chest like a too-heavy weight and regret pools low in your belly. “I’ll try,” he promises, half-smile crumbling. You don't say anything else as you board the ship. He doesn't watch you fly away. It's cold, wherever you are. The wind stings your face, tiny crystals crusting over the frozen skin of your cheeks as you stumble through the woods, hands cracked and bleeding as you fall for the third time. You can hear him behind you, heavy footsteps echoing around the surrounding silence, the drone of his sizzling saber crackling in your ears. “I always knew we'd meet like this,” he calls, searching for you even though you're sure he knows where you are. “I had a feeling you'd come back to me.” He steps into the little clearing you hide in, and his mask falls against the icy ground with a wet thump. You close your eyes. “All these years, and yet you remain just as beautiful as I remember.” You don't open your eyes as he comes closer, dropping to his knees beside you as he wraps you in a tight, one-armed hug. The heat of his lightsaber burns the skin of your arm. “You know, don't you,” he states, pulling his wet face away from your neck. “You've seen it too.” You stay quiet, but you do finally meet his gaze. His eyes, once warm and brown and home, are black as old blood. You don't know him anymore. “I’m sorry,” he whispers, when your blank gaze doesn't falter. “In another life, perhaps you could've joined me.” And it greets you like an old friend, the feeling of fire sinking into your abdomen. You gasp, fingers digging into his shoulders as he buries his blade to the hilt, brown eyes wide with awe. Or maybe it's horror. You don't know. Kylo Ren pulls away his lightsaber and rests it against the red snow next to him, deactivated. Something, he's not sure what yet, floods through his veins like a tsunami, washing away his humanity in a sweeping, turbulent torrent. He slumps against your body, and he presses a kiss against the bared skin of your throat. In another life, he would've loved you again. It is done, now. The Force leads you wherever you're meant to go. You know that, you trust it, so you follow the pull to the furthest reaches of the Galaxy. You're not sure you feel much of anything anymore, save for the dull throbbing between your eyes. You know that you're headed straight for him, straight to your immediate death, so you close your eyes and bite back the vomit rising from your stomach. It's almost time, now. You can feel it. It's cold, wherever you land. The wind stings your face, tiny crystals crusting over the frozen skin of your cheeks as you stumble through the woods, hands cracked and bleeding as you fall for the third time. You can hear him behind you, heavy footsteps echoing around the surrounding silence, the drone of his sizzling saber crackling in your ears. “I always knew we'd meet like this,” he calls, searching for you even though you're sure he knows where you are. “I had a feeling you'd come back to me.” He steps into the little clearing you hide in, and his mask falls against the icy ground with a wet thump. You close your eyes. “All these years, and yet you remain just as beautiful as I remember.” You don't open your eyes as he comes closer, dropping to his knees beside you as he wraps you in a tight, one-armed hug. The heat of his lightsaber burns the skin of your arm. “You know, don't you,” he states, pulling his wet face away from your neck. “You've seen it too.” You stay quiet, but you do finally meet his gaze. His eyes, once warm and brown and home, are black as old blood. You don't know him anymore. “I’m sorry,” he whispers, when your blank gaze doesn't falter. “In another life, perhaps you could've joined me.” You don't remember the feeling of him pressing into your mind, sifting through your memories, your thoughts, your feelings. But it doesn't matter, not anymore. None of it does. You close your eyes. You know what happens next. Notes: Welp, I sincerely hope you enjoyed this, as it was supremely fun to write. Baz Staffer is my lover tbh, and he's a character I just might include in other stories. As always, feedback is wildly appreciated. Perhaps leave a line or part that stuck with you down in the comments? :^)