Finn always woke up before the alarm. He had been sharing a room with Poe for about a month now, and it never changed. It had never come to him as a surprise though, but he did gripe about waking up so early, anyway. Being an ex-stormtrooper, he was used to rising at ungodly hours. Whether he was in pain, sickly, or starving, he’d be forced to go on, with days of no sleep and very little food or water. It still made him feel a deep sense of hard loneliness and resentment. He was lucky that he had met Poe fell in love with him, and that he could be safe with all the nourishment he had previously deserved. He looked to his left, neck cracking with recent stiffness, and there rested the god-like sleeping form of his boyfriend, Poe Dameron. Brilliant yellow sunshine, which seemed to be spun from gold from Finn’s position filtered through their window and into their (Poe’s) dorm-like room in the base. The sunlight coming in gave the outer edges and rims of Poe’s chocolate curls an angelic halo-effect. Finn would be lying if he’d said that it didn't drive him totally wild. Everything about Poe kind of drove him wild honestly. Finn smiled as all these different thoughts swirled in his head. He leaned his face down, dipping low to press a warm-lipped kiss to Poe’s warm, muscled back, right between the blades of shoulders. He smelt like lavender and cheap whiskey, which Finn constantly found himself loving. He trailed his kisses, which were increasing in fever and intenseness, up the nape of his tanned-neck, nose moving to nuzzle at his hairline, which was marked with small dark baby hairs. As he did this, he could hear Poe beginning to wake up, his body moving and twitching. He stifled a groggy giggle, one that made him sound like an aroused teenager, another sound Finn loved to hear. With some sleepy effort, he managed to flip onto his back, so he could face Finn. His dark eyes were low-lidded, pupils blown from sleep and arousal, his lopsided, award-winning smile wide and perfect, as per usual. He had used that same face to get himself out of many interrogations, and to win over Finn, whom he loved to no end. “Hello, gorgeous,” he drowsily murmured, his voice a bit deeper than usual due to having just woke up. He arched his back and gently craned neck to kiss Finn sweetly on his plump, gorgeous lips. Finn’s face heated in slight embarrassment, still not quit usd to the constant admiration he now received. He loved every bit of it though. A bit reluctantly, he pulled back from Poe’s kiss (his amazing kiss) to lay down beside his boyfriend. He studied Poe’s sharp jawline, his thick-lipped smile, his freckles that dotted his cheekbones ever-so lightly. He didn't have many, so Finn had counted the ones lining his face numerous times, Poe giggling each time he did so. He fucking loved that giggle… He began nuzzling his face into the older man’s neck, kissing and occasionally nipping at the tan skin resting there. His strong arms rested gently around Poe’s tight waist, almost protectively. “Morning,” was his now-slightly muffled reply, kissing him again. He left a few vivid hickeys, simple bright purple things against his tan skin. Poe snorted quietly, laughing at how clingy his beloved was. He couldn't blame him though, he loved it. He also knew he couldn't blame him because he knew Finn grew up in a situation where he wasn't able to have any sort of physical contact, unless it was a harsh slap to the face or a blunt kick to his ribs. The thought nearly brought a deep frown to Poe’s face, but he pushed the thought away, because Finn Was alright now, and that was all he could really ever hope for. He let his hands rest against Finn’s chest, tracing over the small scars and freshly-formed sweat droplets form the heat in their room. He grinned, finding that expression contagious, pulling his lover’s face up to his, gingerly peppering kisses onto his dark face. That was another thing he loved about Poe, how beautiful his complexion was. ‘Gods,’ he thought, ‘everything about him is breathtaking…’ In between kisses, he faintly whispered protective things like “te amo” and “mío, todo mío…”. Hearing this, Finn gently pressed their lips back together with renewed desperation, moaning a bit into it, letting Poe know that, yes, Finn was completely and utterly his. But he didn't mind one bit, because they both knew that they belonged to each other. Poe let out a small sigh, which drifted into a much larger moan, muffled by their kiss. Finn then climbed on top of Poe, so as to deepen their kiss, as if that was even possible at this point. Poe’s arms wrapped gingerly around his neck, small keening sounds coming from his mouth. “Mmm, Baby…” Poe quietly groaned to him, hands brushing through Finn’s short, freshly-buzzed hair. “You’re- Ah!- Ridiculous,” Finn teasingly countered, hands placed on either side of his boyfriend so he could properly hold himself up. He thrust back down against him, face moving to nuzzle at his hair again. He loved that hair. Poe took this feeble insult in stride, smirking as he pressed their bare crotches together. He bit back a moan, which proved to be difficult, instead focusing on making Finn pour into a symphony of his own gasps and curses. Meanwhile, that lovable, shit-eating grin was rested on his face, earning a playful glare from his boyfriend. “You love it though, and you really love me, sweetheart,” he replied simply, before thrusting up against Finn again. He panted into the younger man’s ear, nails digging into Finn slightly, eliciting a filthy whimper from Finn that would make the Gods roll in their graves. Poe wanted to hear more, and Finn could tell, this was going to be a very long morning afterall. Notes: If I got anything wrong, let me know! Poe is saying "I love you" and "mine, all mine". (If I spelt it wrong, PLEASE let me know!!!) Contact me here: transboypoedameronn.tumblr.com if you wanna request some stuff! Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the 30 day OTP challenge (NSFW) series Next Work →