Lullaby Summary: A story about motherhood and the demons we so very unintentionally inflict on our children. Featuring well-meaning but out-of-their-element new parents Leia and Han, brand-new baby Ben's colic (or is it?), Leia's nightmares about Daddy Dearest, and something sinister watching, waiting for a way in. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Lullaby LEIA He was a beautiful baby – porcelain skin, a shock of curly black hair, a rosebud mouth – and during the day he giggled and cooed like any other baby. The first time he smiled at Leia, she felt like it was the first time she had seen a sun rise. But at night- Colic. Such an innocuous word for something that made a baby shriek, high and piercing, all night, every night. The doctors – human and droid – assured her it was normal, but Leia wasn't sure she believed them. It felt like something was attacking him, the way he writhed and screamed. She knew he was Force-sensitive because sometimes she got overwhelming messages that weren't words, just feelings, but that she understood to mean: HUNGRY! WET! HOLDME! And...AFRAID! She didn't sense anything specifically wrong, but still…worry. Foreboding. Like something out there might be turning a malevolent eye toward her infant, looking at him with malicious intent. She tucked him closer against her breast and peered into the shadows in the corners of the room. Were they just shadows, or was there something else there, a deeper darkness? But try as she might, search as she might, she couldn't find anything, and neither could Luke when she asked him, so she shook it off as post-partem paranoia. Motion and contact were the only things that soothed Ben at all; left lying in the crib he was inconsolable. They took turns, his mother, his father, pacing, pacing while his stomach tightened and his back arched and stiffened and he wailed and thrashed in their arms. Days, they were building a government to replace the Empire they had defeated, a job that was never done, as so many people were looking for guidance, for help, for leaders. Nights, they paced. In the time since his birth, he hadn't slept for more than an hour stretch, so neither had they, and it turned out that sleep deprivation had the same effect on the human body whether it was administered by an evil empire or an innocent infant. Leia's nightmares, the ones she had had since the Death Star, intensified. When she was nursing, rocking gently back and forth, crooning an almost-forgotten Alderaanian lullaby, warm and full of cozy hormones and almost dozing off, she would suddenly be back in that cell, cringing away from that orb of torture, cringing away from him . And when she didn't sleep, they came anyway, as daymares that she didn't have the energy to fight. She snapped out of it to find Han holding her shoulders or her face, shaking her gently, staring into her eyes to bring her back. He wrapped his arms around her and Ben, and for a while she was okay again, but at night, when she paced the floor, exhausted, anxious, trembling with fatigue, the terrors returned and she drifted through them, unaware that she wasn't alone. Ben swam through his mother's nightmares, too, had since he was in her womb, finding something like comfort in the familiarity of the cell, the dark, the pain, the man in the helmet. And that something, that deeper darkness, noticed. And smiled. It wasn't until he was old enough to mentally form words that she realized he had been along for the ride the whole time. She had just handed him off to Han and collapsed onto the bed, not bothering to get under the covers, instantly asleep, but also instantly back in her nightmare. Vader (she never thought of him as Anakin or father – he would always be Vader to her) was standing over her, and she knew pain was coming and she was scared – so scared – knowing she had to withstand it to protect the Alliance, but she was so very frightened….and then something else, something new, frightened her even more - a tiny voice, a sentence fragment: "Mama sad?" A small, soft hand reached out, touched her cheek. She jolted awake. "Ben!" Ben was snuggled on Han's shoulder, only whimpering and fussing a bit. She took the baby from Han, hugging him close, smoothing his hair, cooing and soothing and hoping he didn't remember what he saw in her dream. Her voice was soft, lilting, and Ben nuzzled into her shoulder. "Han. We need to go see Luke. Now." She was pulling on clothes with her free hand. "What? Leia, it's the middle of the night." "So?" "So? The common folk don't like a royal summons in the middle of the night, Your Highness." He looked at her – she had that expression on her face, determined and intent, that let him know she wasn't amused and wouldn't be dissuaded. "What's wrong?" "I had another nightmare.." "I know." "…and...and Ben was in it with me." " With you?" She nodded, shaking. "Luke can help. I have to fix this. I can't have him seeing...that." Han touched her shoulder. "He's going to find out sometime." She swallowed. "Sometime. Not before he learns to walk. I have to fix this. I have to fix this ." Notes: I posted this at the 'other' ff site, as two separate stories, but I'm posting it in a slightly different format here because the two really go together. The first two chapters here were the first Star Wars story I wrote, and it just sort of demanded I write it after I saw the movie and especially after I read the novelization, which has a bit of extra dialogue about baby Ben. Because Leia, Han and Ben...they just broke my heart. I don't think Han and Leia were bad parents; stumbling, clueless, overwhelmed, flawed, stretched too thin, unintentionally incompetent, out of their league, and altogether human, yes. But not bad. Not unloving. I think they tried - and that's the tragedy. So, this story. It's sad, it's dark - but eventually it turns. And I had a baby with colic, and believe me, it seems like all the demons from hell are attacking your baby when they're in the midst of that. *This doesn't go with my other story, 'Commemoration', at all, but there will eventually, a long time from now, be some Reylo elements in this one, too, just to warn you if that's not your groove. :) *The title is from the poem "Second Coming" by William Butler Yeats (as are most of the chapter titles): Turning and turning in the widening gyre The falcon cannot hear the falconer; Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold; Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world, The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhere The ceremony of innocence is drowned; The best lack all conviction, while the worst Are full of passionate intensity. Surely some revelation is at hand; Surely the Second Coming is at hand. The Second Coming! Hardly are those words out When a vast image out of Spiritus Mundi Troubles my sight: a waste of desert sand; A shape with lion body and the head of a man, A gaze blank and pitiless as the sun, Is moving its slow thighs, while all about it Wind shadows of the indignant desert birds. The darkness drops again but now I know That twenty centuries of stony sleep Were vexed to nightmare by a rocking cradle, And what rough beast, its hour come round at last, Slouches towards Bethlehem to be born? I hope you enjoy, and if so, comments are love. :) Chapter 2 : Curiosity Summary: Little Ben just wants answers to his questions; Leia won't answer; and something - someone - whispers to him... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) BEN Most days, Ben went to work with one of his parents. Today was especially nice, because he was with both of them on the flight line. He liked being there; he liked the rush of activity; the feeling that everyone was contributing to something bigger. He liked when the pilots ruffled his hair and swung him up on their shoulders and let him try on their helmets. Daddy was pre-flighting the Millennium Falcon and Mommy was briefing a group of pilots on their next training mission. Even though it was peacetime, flying was a perishable skill, and training never ended. He shuffled along the edge of a circle of pilots listening to his mother's authoritative but well-modulated voice, when he heard a familiar phrase: Death Star. He had heard that phrase before, and always, when he heard it, a picture popped into his mind; the man in the black helmet from his mother's subconscious. Who was he? Ben had asked before, but not in a long time, because she wouldn't ever tell him, and because when he asked, it made her sad. He didn't like seeing Mommy sad. But still…he was five years old. He was a big boy now; that's what they kept telling him when they tried to convince him he would like going away to school with Uncle Luke. So maybe now she would tell him. He walked over to her, waited for the briefing to end and asked, "Mommy, who's the man in the black helmet?" She froze. "What, baby?" "The man in the black helmet. From your dream. From the…" he tried out the words,"…Death Star. Who is he?" "Nobody, sweetie. Those were just dreams." Why did he have to remember? "No they weren't. I know that kind of dream. It was real. Who was he?" "No one you need to worry about, baby. He died a long time ago." "But I want to know. He's always there." She stopped what she was doing and knelt to look into his eyes. "I'll tell you one day, sweetie, when you're older. It's….something that happened during the war." He frowned a little, and a tiny, stubborn line formed between his eyebrows. "But I want to know ." A whisper swirled in the back of his mind: You don't have to asssk. Jussst…puuuussh . Really? He scrunched his eyes together and clenched his teeth and pushed . A cell, a bunk, cold and no light and no sleep and a machine humming bristling with pain-terror-hurt…Mommy screaming…being marched into a control room with a wide view of stars…a planet called homemummydaddylovemineobliteratedgone. A world made of ice. A world made of clouds. Darth Vader. Uncle Luke…he's Uncle Luke's father. A world made of sand. A world made of forests. And Mommy's. Mommy's father. My… Mommy screaming . "BEN! STOP! GET OUT!" She had yelled. Calm, serene, kind Mommy had yelled . At him, Verbally and inside his head, and it was LOUD. Louder than when she yelled at Daddy, and that was really loud. He jumped back, eyes enormous, breathing hard. Mommy clutching the side of her head. Daddy and Uncle Luke and Uncle Chewy and some other people, running over. "Don't you ever do that again!" Mommy wasn't as loud now, but still MAD. "You will not use the Force that way – to intrude. It's wrong. And it hurts ." Hurt? Hurt Mommy? "I didn't mean to…didn't mean to…" Large tears were forming in the corners of his eyes, quivering on his long dark lashes. "What happened? What'd he do?" Daddy, looking at him like he was…like he was bad . Mommy waving Daddy away. "But we talk like that…" he barely whimpered. "No. It's not the same. Not the same . That is an invasion . You. Will. Not." He stepped back, staring at his scuffed boots, lip quivering. "I just wanted to know ." "There are some things you don't need to know." Her voice was shaky and scared. And that, that terrified him. Mommy was never afraid – but she was now, and so was he, to the point of tears that he tried to hold back because a big five year old boy was too old to cry. But all the grown-ups were staring at him in a not-good way, fear and disapproval rolling off them. He backed against the hull of a ship and sucked in deep breaths, tried to calm down, tried to latch onto something that wasn't afraid. There was one thing, a leftover image in his brain. The man in the black helmet. Darth Vader. That whispery voice again . Your grandfather was ssstrong. Grandfather. He had never even known he had one. Notes: Thanks for reading, and if you liked, comments make my day! Chapter 3 : Circling Summary: Childhood disagreements and the Force don't go together very well. Mom Leia is Mom. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) LEIA There had been another incident. It wasn't the first, but it was certainly the worst. So far , she thought grimly. Han was off on a mission, taking supplies to a forsaken planet that had been raided by one of the new groups that had arisen from the ashes of the Empire. He really did care about the people there, but Leia knew that, deep down, he was just excited at the possibility of having to run a blockade. Leia was doing what she always did – organizing, planning, leading in whatever capacity was required. Ben was ten, and was tired of sitting in his mother's office studying. So, Leia was thrilled when he struck up an acquaintance with her assistant's son, a nine year old with sandy hair and a portable Dekjarik board. For the past hour the boys had been playing together. She smiled. It was nice. Ben didn't have close friends, although he got along well enough with others. She assumed he got that from his father. Han was, for the most part, a loner. When she met him, he had only been close with Chewie. Later, he grew closer to her (a lot closer…) and with Luke, but that had only happened as he grew older and committed to the rebellion almost by accident. As a natural leader who loved being with others and to whom people gravitated, Leia didn't quite understand that independent streak, but she respected it. Still, it was nice to see her son playing with a peer, nice to hear childish voices giggling, just out of view, under the open columned window that let in the soft breezes of Chandrila. She took a moment to relish it – the peace, the harmony – before she and her assistant returned to work, immersing themselves in the logistics of providing temporary housing for refugees from a world that had experienced a series of devastating earthquakes, almost forgetting the children in the next room until she heard raised voices – shrill and angry. "You cheated!" "Did not!" Leia felt something – a shift, a coldness in the air – and she looked around the room, as if expecting some malevolent countenance to be hovering just behind her. She only saw the graceful, curving walls and comfortable, functional furnishings of the room. She smiled at her assistant, rising from her seat. "I should go check…" "Did too! You can't make your Monnok only move two spaces. It has to move three." She heard a chair scrape against the floor, shoved violently back as someone (Ben) stood up. "Says who?" "Says the rules !" "Well, I didn't learn it that way. This is how I play, and I killed your Savrip, so I win anyway! I win, you lose! I win, you loooo…" The sandy-haired boy's taunting words were replaced by a gurgling sound. Leia swept from behind her desk and into the room where the boys had been playing. The boy was gurgling softly, his eyes bulging, his face red. Her son was standing over him, his hand stretched out toward the boy, eyes glazed. Her blood turned to ice. This could go so bad, so easily, so quickly. Calm, stay calm. "Ben." No response. Calmer, softer still, reaching out with her voice and the Force. "Ben." Still no response. His hand closed a fraction. "Ben. Listen. It's Mommy." He turned to look at her, then, the glazed look leaving his face. "Mommy?" His voice was dazed. "Ben. Let him go." He looked at his red-faced opponent, his outstretched hand, and his eyes widened. He immediately dropped his hand, allowing the boy to slump into his chair and gulp in shuddering gasps of air. Ben stumbled back a few steps, blinking, lower lip quivering. She walked over, touching his shoulder, trying to impart a sense of calm, before checking to make sure the other boy was uninjured and bundling him into his horrified father's arms, murmuring apologies and assurances…an accident, he doesn't realize how strong he is, sorry, so sorry…relieved as they left, a feeling of guilt washing over her. She would check on them later, make sure the boy was okay, send him a gift, something to try to make up... But right now, she had bigger concerns. She knelt in front Ben, leaned toward him, brushed his soft black hair out of his face and peered into his eyes. "What were you thinking?" He shook his head. "I…I wasn't." "How did you even know how to do that?" "I dunno. Just…he was being a jerk and I got mad and I just…just did it." It was then that she felt it. That presence that she had felt so many times before, grasping at her son. . She looked right, left, as if she actually expected to see something. Someone. But she knew what she felt wasn't in the room. She didn't know what - who - it was, where it was, but she would find it. She would fight it. She would do whatever it took to protect her son. It won't be enough. She shuddered; the thought hadn't come from her own mind. Get out! Go back to whatever foul, stench-soaked hole you crawled out of and leave him alone! She felt the consciousness withdraw – but not disappear entirely – and she sank to her knees, exhausted, and pulled Ben toward her, wrapping his thin shoulders in a tight embrace. Leia felt a single tear trickle down her cheek. She wasn't handling this. She had never trained, wasn't as connected to the Force as she could have been, and this presence was stronger than she had thought, slyer, more devious. And Ben – he was so much stronger than she was, so much stronger than he knew. She needed help. She needed Luke. He was her only hope. Notes: There's nothing I would like better than to see Leia belatedly embrace her Force powers, grab her Daddy's lightsaber and go take Snoke down. Hard. Or, you know, she could just borrow Rey's staff and smash his head like a melon (in a light-side-avenging-angel kind of way, of course), that'd be fine, too. That's probably not going to happen in the movie, but that doesn't mean it can't happen here. Eventually. I looked up the rules for Dejarik online; hope I got that part okay. Chapter 4 : Departure Summary: Ben deals with the chaos of his - and everyone else's - thoughts; Luke and Leia think they're doing the right thing; Force Ghost Anakin is a seething ball of frustration. *In the first section, the parts in italics are thoughts Ben has and thoughts he picks up from others; hope it works and makes sense. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) BEN Mommy and Uncle Luke were in the other room, talking. It was a conversation to which he had been politely dis invited. The door had whooshed shut, and then something else had whooshed shut, cutting him off completely from his mother in a way that only happened when Mommy and Daddy were having their [ewwwww] 'special private time'. He didn't like it. He was left alone with his own thoughts, and his thoughts were a jumble of chaos and emotion. I messed up. Again. Somehow. I didn't mean to…really didn't…Iwinyoulose…mad-angry-hate…Force-pushing the chair across the room made that kid shut up, made him jump, felt better than good and then….red, blur, the Whisper Voice…Hold out your haaaand…ssssqueeze…do it…dooo iiiit…and then…a rush, like when Daddy did loops and rolls in the Falcon but better …hot red power coursing through his very being, feeding itself, feeding him, growing and consuming him and then…Mommy calling his name, like she had been saying it for a while, and that look in her eyes [scared]… He flopped into a chair. And now Mommy was sending him away [but I don't wanna go don't wanna go don't wanna go…] and Daddy didn't even know about it so that meant it was so bad she wanted to [get him out of the line of fire, so to speak. Han isn't likely to think first and I'm worried about how he might react…] . That's what she had said when she had contacted Luke earlier that day. So that was pretty bad. The doors whooshed open. Mommy and Uncle Luke were smiling too much, and their voices were too high, too chipper. He scowled. As if. As if he couldn't almost taste [concernfearworrydesperation]. He bit his lower lip. The Jedi Academy. Mommy and Daddy had been trying to convince him to go for years, and really, he wasn't even sure why he didn't want to. It actually sounded pretty awesome. But when he was almost convinced, there was something – a nagging bad feeling – that stopped him. Well, I'm going now, bad feeling or not. Unless… He took a deep breath. "Mommy, listen. Listen, Mommy. I don't have to go to the Jedi Academy. I don't have to go to the Jedi Academy." She narrowed her eyes. "Do not even try it, Ben. We've talked about this before, and what happened yesterday is proof [almost killed that little boy! Hush, Leia. He doesn't understand; doesn't even know what he's capable of…]. You're so strong with the Force [wild potential…light or dark] ; and you're so susceptible to…influences…you have to learn to control it, channel it, focus it. Otherwise it will control you [HE will control you, take you to the Dark Side] ." Who? Why? The Whisper Voice? How could Mommy know about that? He'd never let her know, because the Whisper Voice warned him not to, warned him that if he did, something TERRIBLE would happen to Mommy…the Whisper Voice was scary, but also, it always seemed to help him when he needed help most – when he was feeling out of control and chaotic and overwhelmed because this Force thing sometimes just sort of took OVER and it freaked him out a little. And besides, he couldn't block out the Whisper Voice. He had tried. "But you can help me, Mommy…" "I can't, Ben. I thought I could but I'm not trained [failing, I'm failing] . Uncle Luke is." Ben glanced at his uncle from under shaggy black bangs. He didn't know him that well, since Luke was always at the Academy. Reaching out, he found openness (intentional) , welcome, good intentions, kindness, peace and calm flowing from him. Uncle Luke was all light, pure and shining without even a crack to let the dark in. Ben knew he had cracks; how could someone without them teach him how to deal with it? Uncle Luke put a hand on Ben's shoulder. It felt nice, like a warm blanket on a cold night. "I know you're hesitant about this, Ben. But I'm excited about having you at the Academy. You have so much potential; you can be a powerful Jedi, Ben. And, hey, you get to use light sabers." His smile was a warm summer day, and for a minute, Ben felt hopeful. "And, sweetie, if you decide you don't want to be a Jedi Master, that's okay, too." This was Mommy. "I just think you need to get some control. But then, you can decide. Remember, Daddy already said the Millennium Falcon is yours when you grow up if you want it. Okay?" He shuffled his feet. "Okay." "Okay!" Luke said, holding out a hand. Ben took it, and Mommy took his other hand, and they walked like that all the way out to the flight line, where Luke's ship was waiting. The sun was setting, and the lingering light was warm and soft, like the breeze that ruffled Ben's hair and caressed his cheeks. Both moons were just rising, casting their own silvery light over everything. Mommy hugged Ben, tight, for a long time, and he didn't try to squirm away like he usually would have [even though I'm too old for that mushy stuff] . "I'll miss you, sooooo much," she said. He let her smooth his hair and kiss his cheek. "Daddy and I will come visit as soon as we can [as soon as Daddy cools off] and I'll send a hololetter every week [and you better answer]. I love you…so, so much. [Please let me be doing the right thing. Please, please please.] " A tear rolled down her cheek. He reached out and wiped it away. "Don't cry. Mommy. I'm going to learn to be a Jedi. I love you, too." He smiled and climbed into the ship. OBI-WAN Anakin Skywalker had been flinging himself at the barrier between the living and the dead for - well, time worked differently in the afterlife - but for a really, really long time. If he had still had a physical body, it would have been bruised and bloody. Despite having chosen the light at the end, he had not changed his basic personality, and he was, currently, a seething ball of frustration. Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon watched, impressed by the sheer determination, de pressed by the thorough lack of progress. It took a few beats until they sensed Mace Windu behind them. It took another eternity for him to speak. "So, this guy..." Obi-Wan cleared his throat. "Yeah. A valiant effort, yes?" Mace frowned. "Hmmmf. So how long you guys gonna let that go on?" It didn't sink in immediately, but it was Obi-wan who caught on first. "Wait – what?" Mace focused on Obi-Wan. "He's still your padawan. Your responsibility." He eyed Qui-Gon, "And he is yours . And do I need to remind you, Qui-Gon, that you're the one who brought him in? Obi_Wan, you're the one who insisted you could train him? You're not exactly without blame in all of this ." He gestured broadly across the barrier. "I suggest you teach your student, and quickly, before things get worse. You don't want me to have to bring Yoda into this." Mace turned to leave, but stopped as another thought occurred to him. He fixed Obi-Wan with a piercing gaze. "And knowing this guy, I'd suggest you also come up with a back-up plan." Obi-Wan sighed. So, apparently, now he was going to have to get involved . "Anakin . Anakin ." It took several tries to get his student's attention. Finally, the young, whole version of himself that Anakin had settled on as his Force-ghost manifestation paused in his efforts and looked over his shoulder. Obi-Wan shook his head. "That isn't going to work." Anakin scowled. "I have to (fling) get through (fling). She's making (fling) a mistake (harder fling) sending that boy away (fling)." "Yes. I know. So we'll help you get through. But first you need to calm down ." Anakin flung himself against the barrier again. Obi-Wan shook his head. So, about that back-up plan. LEIA For the most part, dreams were not Leia's friends. They were a trip back to terror, torture, the destruction of her planet. They were harrowing visits to places she didn't want to go that she awoke from screaming and sweating. But that night, she dreamed about childbirth. Not about when she had Ben, and not that strange, almost-impossible memory of her own beautiful, kind, sad mother. This was another woman's labor and delivery. The woman was younger, unknown, vague and out of focus. But the baby – it was a girl, with wisps of brown hair and bright, curious eyes flecked with green and amber and blue that stared into hers with the intensity of a supernova. She awoke feeling inexplicably hopeful. Notes: Next up: Han Thanks to those who have left me the wonderful comments and kudos. Chapter 5 : Apart Summary: Han and Leia argue; Luke tries to connect with Ben; no one gets much sleep. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) HAN "YOU DID WHAT ?!" "As I explained already, I had Luke take Ben to the Jedi Academy because..." "Just like that? Unilaterally? Did it occur to you that maybe, just maybe , I'd like to have some say in the decision to send our son away for, I dunno, the rest of his life?" "I didn't have time to discuss it in committee." She smiled sweetly. "I'm not a committee, I'm his father . I'm half of his genes – and not the half that's causing problems, by the way." "Oh, that's a fine load of nerf-crap, coming from a criminal ." " Former criminal. And might I remind your, your Princessness, that when I met you , you were trying to overthrow the government." "The evil government!" "The evil government led by your evil father!" She cringed. "Why do you think I'm so worried? Do you think I wanted to send him away?" "I think you like to be in charge. Of everything. I think you just wanted to be the one to call the shots and you took the opportunity when I was gone to cut me out of the decision-making process about my own son!" "How dare you?" She demanded, hands on hips, face inches from his. "How dare you ?" He didn't back down. "I dare because I have to. You don't understand the seriousness of this. He Force-choked that boy. That's a Dark power – a pretty advanced one. A favorite of," she hesitated, "Vader. He's ten . If he can do that at ten –" she shook her head, " I don't know how he was even able to…" Han balled his hands into fists, exhaled and swore. "Fracking Force!" Leia gasped. "HAN!" He frowned and shook his head. "I mean it." He held out his arms and shouted at the universe at large, "FRACKING FORCE. I fracking hate you! Fracking leave my family alone!" Leia's eyes were wide, scared. "Han, stop! This is why I wanted to get him away before you came home and reacted like this . You don't exactly think before you act, you know. Outbursts like that just push him away." "Oh, is that a fact? Well, here's another one, your Highness. I'm sleeping in the Falcon" He turned on his heel and stomped out of their living quarters. "Nerf-herder!" She shouted after him. The brisk walk out to the Falcon did very little to calm him down, but it did give him time to feel plenty guilty about some of the things he had said. So he was still mad at Leia, and he was mad at himself, and now he had to face Chewie, who was finishing up some routine maintenance. Chewie greeted Han with an interrogatory grunt. "Yeah, we had a fight. Do you know what she did? Get a load of this. She just sent Ben off to Luke's Jedi Academy while we were gone. No discussion, no input from me – I didn't even get to say goodbye." Chewie's response was placating. "I know, I know we can visit, but it's the principle of the thing." The response from his best friend and copilot was longer this time. "Yeah, I blew up. I'll have to apologize for that. But what she did – she shouldn't have done it that way." Chewie's response was subdued. "Yeah, I guess I'll just have to get used to it. I don't like it, but it's done now." He shook his head. Now that he was over the initial gut reaction, he realized that Leia had seemed scared. Really, really scared. And he had lashed out at her instead of being supportive. That made him feel like the lowest life form in the galaxy. "Aww, Chewie. What am I gonna do?" Chewbacca's response was short and to the point. It meant love them . Han nodded. "Yeah. I know. You're the best, pal," he said, trudging up the Falcon's ramp. Apologies would have to wait for morning. His princess needed time to cool off. BEN Ben was folding his clothing, placing soft undershirts and socks on a shelf in his room, when he sensed his Uncle [sunshine coming through an open window on a summer day] coming around the corner. Luke knocked quietly on the door and poked his head in. "Are you getting settled?" "Yes, Un-er, Master Luke." Ben smiled, brushing a lock of hair out of his eyes. It felt strange to call his uncle 'Master Luke'. "Good. Do you need anything? Another blanket? Slippers?" [Guidance? Direction?] "No, thank you. I've got everything I need." The room, though small, with stone walls and floors, was surprisingly cozy. A soft pad covered the stone bunk, along with a homespun blanket made from some sort of plush natural fibers, and a fluffy pillow. A single lamp on the bedside table cast a soft yellow glow, warming the ancient stone walls. There was a braided rug and a large meditation cushion on the floor. He liked the room. It was open and inviting - sort of, he realized, like Uncle Luke. "Glad to hear it." Luke continued to look at him, and Ben could feel are you really okay? Let me in. Let me help. He wanted to. He tried. But he just couldn't. He averted his gaze from his uncle's bright blue eyes, staring at his hands, biting the inside of his lip until it bled. Luke sighed. "Alright. Well, here's your schedule for tomorrow." He handed Ben a holopad. Ben studied it. Lots of meditation [ugh] , Force studies [yes!] , history classes, physical training… [history…history of the galaxy…the Rebellion (I know plenty about that)…the Empire…]. An image from his mother's consciousness appeared in his mind. His mouth was dry. He cleared his throat. "Un-err, Master Luke?" His voice was quiet. "Yes, Ben?" "Will we learn about…the war?" Luke nodded. "Of course." "And about…the Empire?" Another nod. "And," deep breath, "Darth Vader?" Luke nodded again, carefully. "Because Mommy never will talk about…" Luke sat down on the bunk and patted the spot beside of him. Ben sat. "Your mother never had a chance to see the light in our father. She still fears him. But I did. He saved me. He was a very powerful Jedi and," he hesitated, "an even more powerful Sith. But in the end, he chose the light – as I knew he would. And yes, I'll tell you about him." For the first time since he had arrived, Ben felt glad to be there. Luke gave Ben a half-hug. "But not tonight. It's late, and you have a busy day tomorrow. Try to get some sleep." "Okay." LUKE In the hallway, Luke stopped, leaned against the stone wall and rubbed a hand over his face. Never had he met a child so closed off. Where most of the younglings were like open books, Ben's mind was carefully walled off, hiding Luke didn't know what. Leia had warned him that Ben had what she considered an unhealthy interest in the Darth Vader side of their father. But he had decided to be honest with the boy about Anakin, and Vader. He had a suspicion that Leia's reticence to discuss him was what had allowed the obsession to grow. And, in his past experience, he had learned that keeping secrets only served to make things worse. So, he would have no secrets from Ben. He wished he could believe that Ben wouldn't have secrets from him. BEN Screaming. Children screaming. A great hall, a tall building. Everywhere, bloodfearterror. Anakin before he was Darth Vader (how-do-i-know-its-him-but-i-know-its-him), slashing at them with a blazing blue light saber. No remorse. No pity. No hesitation. Pain, fire, more pain, but more power. A shift in perspective, first-person now, and more children screaming, more bloodfearterror, but now they were outside, in the rain, in the jungle, and the light saber was red and his hand…his own hand was holding it. He woke up screaming. "Mommy! Mommy! MOMMY!" He was sweating, twisted in the soft blanket, his breath coming fast, his heart hammering in his chest and blood pounding in his ears. "Mommy," he whimpered once more. And a laugh curled inside his brain, oily and taunting. Weak boy. Calling for your Mommy because of a bad dream. How pathetic. Your grandfather would be ashamed. Ben pulled the blanket over his head, pressed his face into the pillow and screamed. LEIA She trudged back to her living quarters, drained from the stress of the past week, missing Ben, worrying about Ben, wounded by the fight with Han, exhausted from a day of endless meetings. To make it worse, she had had another nightmare last night. It started like they always did, with Vader and the orb and the pain, but then Vader shifted, and the form standing over her was no longer Vader. It was Ben. She woke, shaking, crying, and alone since Han was sleeping in the Falcon, and spent the rest of the night huddled in blankets, too afraid to sleep. She shivered to think about it, even now. C3PO was walking just behind her, rattling on about something that might have been important, but she wasn't even listening. Walking into the apartment, she kicked off her boots and started uncoiling her hair, fighting off a threatening headache. She was about to shrug out of her jacket when the door opened And there was Han, holding a bouquet of her favorite flowers – the little white ones that reminded her of the kind that grew on Alderaan when there was an Alderaan. "I'm sorry," he said, and while a part of her would have liked to stay mad, she was simply too exhausted. "I know," she smiled, and he folded her into his arms, holding her tight like only he could. She sighed against his chest. "I'm sorry, too." "I know." His voice rumbled in his chest as she pressed herself against him and inhaled the scent of his leather jacket and of him . It made things better, but it didn't quite make them alright. This fight, unlike the others, left a permanent scar – a lessening of trust, a wariness that hadn't been there before. Leia shivered again. Notes: So I decided to use the Yavin 4 location for this version of Luke's Jedi Academy, because, well, I needed to locate it somewhere in time and space, so I decided it's there unless/until I find out it isn't. Next chapter: More Anakin and Obi-Wan, and tiny Rey. Thanks for the kudos and comments and just for reading. Hugs! Chapter 6 : The Widening Gyre Summary: Anakin and Obi-Wan try to influence events, Ben and Rey are tiny and adorable. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ANAKIN "Have I been doing this long enough?" "Do you feel calm? Peaceful?" Anakin gave Obi-Wan a smoldering look. Obi-Wan sighed. "Can you get to 'only mildly irritated'?" Anakin frowned, but nodded. "Okay, good then," Obi-Wan nodded. "Focus. Center. Now, try to find her." Anakin strained, searching, until he found her: Leia Organa Solo. She didn't ever include Skywalker. She was on Chandrila, in the chambers the Senate was using. She was giving a speech – impassioned and eloquent. She had the entire hall hanging on her every word. He swelled with pride. She was a natural leader – of course she was. She was his daughter. The speech ended and she exited the great hall, entered a smaller chamber with several assistants. There was some conversation, and finally, they left and she was alone in the chamber. "Now," Obi-Wan said. "Reach out to her." Anakin reached out, felt himself flicker and finally found himself in the room with the daughter he had never known except…no. He shook it off. He hadn't known who she was ( would it have mattered to Vader if he had? ). "Leia…" Speaking was difficult, but he pressed on. "Leia, I need to talk to you…" She didn't seem to hear him. He wasn't getting through. " Leia, please ." This time she looked around, waved a hand in front of her face as if swatting at something. "LEIA!" She shook her head and dismissed him as a ringing in her ear. Shook her head, closed her mind. He felt himself fading, receding. "Wait! Leia! I need to talk to you! Please! I need to talk to you…about Ben." He was on the other side of the barrier, staring at Obi-Wan, coiled in frustration. "It didn't work!" Obi-Wan sighed. "I was afraid of that. She doesn't know you, and she fears Vader too much. But she's not the only one you can reach out to. Try the boy. That might be more useful, anyway. He should be more susceptible, since he's sort of obsessed with you – or at least, with Vader." Anakin squirmed ( Vader, why is the kid obsessed with Vader?), nodded, then frowned. "I guess this means another eternity of centering breaths?" Obi-Wan shrugged, and they meditated, again, until Anakin had reached his version of a semblance of peace. This time, he had a harder time finding his target, as he had never met the boy in life. Finally, though, he found himself in a small room, with a single bunk covered in soft oatmeal-colored blankets, a small wooden footlocker, a table with a glowing light – and a small black-haired boy, sitting cross-legged on a cushion on the floor, trying to meditate. Anakin focused, flickered, and…he encountered a presence around the boy, keeping him out. It was cold and dark and dense. The last time he had felt something like that, he had been trapped inside it. Palpatine . He drew back in horror. No, not Palpatine. Similar, but if anything, worse. Colder. Slimier. And then the presence seemed to turn a bit, seemed to recognize Anakin. And if an amorphous black presence could smile, it did, and it was chilling. You. I've been expecting you. You think you can save him, like you saved your son, when you let your weakness, your compassion take control and destroy all the Darkness had accomplished with you. But you can't. He's going to be mine. He's going to be more powerful than you were. And he will not fail. I will drive the weakness from him so that he does not. I am stronger than Sidious was, and my methods will be more effective. This weak, light version of you will not reach the boy and infect him. He will only know you as you were meant to be – as Darth Vader. And he will worship him. Anakin's spirit shrank back in horror, fear washing over him in a cold black wave. He rushed back across the barrier, vibrating with terror, eyes darting around wildly, fists clenched, stumbling over his words as he tried to explain the encounter to Obi-Wan. They were silent for a long time. This was unexpected. Finally, Obi-Wan suggested, weakly, "Perhaps Luke?" Anakin nodded. Luke. Of course. Luke would listen. But there was no way he could even try to get through to his son in his current state. OBI-WAN While Anakin tried to get to the right place emotionally to reach out to his son, Obi-Wan reached out as well, searching the future. He found a thread: Anakin got through to Luke, warned him, explained – all to no avail. The outcome was the same. The boy went to the Dark side, and with his help, the First Order rose and darkness overtook the galaxy. He found another, in which Anakin finally got through to Leia, and while they had a touching bit of closure, it was too late for the mother to save the child. He found no thread in which Anakin made it through to the boy, although that didn't mean he wouldn't. Just that it was unlikely. He tried other possibilities, but every one led to the same inevitable end. One more possibility, one he had hoped to avoid. Obi-Wan gritted his teeth and reached out until he found his own neice. She was kind and smart and strong, but her connection to the Force was little more than that of every other living thing. She was on a small green and blue planet in a small system, watching as her toddler daughter played in a field of flowers. The toddler chased a brightly colored fluttering insect, laughing as it flitted just out of her grasp. Then, the little girl held out a hand and caught the insect in a stream of energy he could see, but she couldn't. She drew it toward her, let it settle in her tiny palm, and examined it, looking at its bright pink and turquoise markings and tiny antennae, carefully, gently, somehow knowing not to even brush a finger against the delicate wings. Satisfied, she released it and it fluttered away a little drunkenly. The little girl laughed. Obi-Wan sighed. He followed a thread, trying to make out the child's future. It was a pleasant, soft life, surrounded by her parents and siblings to come, living on the jewel-bright little world, playing with friends, going to school, and gradually forgetting that she could do things other children couldn't, the Force flowing through her but never really manifesting as anything but a keen intelligence and perceptiveness. She married a minor bureaucrat, got a job as a droid maintenance tech, had several chubby-cheeked children. Years passed, ordinary and pleasant. Anakin's grandson was consumed by the Dark, and the First Order became more powerful than the Empire had ever been, its reach spreading across the galaxy. He sighed and traced the thread back to the toddler in the field, then tried another thread, one he hadn't wanted to follow. She was five, wearing a view-limiting helmet, swatting at an orb with a training light saber. She was six, running through the dark and rain, and there were screams, and a boy with a flickering red light saber, and her little feet pounding along a path in a jungle…her mother weeping as she heard the words 'massacre' and 'no survivors'. The little girl, alone, starving, on a desolate sandy world, scavenging the remains of an Empire just to survive. Hungry, frightened, lonely, confused – but strong. Scratching and struggling for every scrap, every crumb, learning to fend for herself and think for herself. He saw her frozen like the fluttering insect, in a forest, and there was the boy. She was on a ship, restrained, frightened. A battle of wills, of minds, a bond. And again, in another forest, with a light saber – Anakin's light saber – in her hand. The images shifted, and he had trouble catching them, but throughout the vision, she and the boy, coming together – sometimes violently, sometimes in another way that he'd rather not dwell on – he shook his head. He couldn't see the end. She killed the boy. He killed her. He pulled her into the darkness. She brought him back to the light. All equally possible. But this was the only thread that led to hope. He returned to the present, looked at the laughing child, light and shadow flickering over her face as she ran across the field. His heart ached for what he was going to do. I'm sorry, Rey , he thought, and then turned back to the girl's mother, focused and manifested before her. Her eyes widened. "Uncle?" "Child." His voice was gentle, but sad. "You must send Rey to train at the Jedi Academy. There lies her destiny." He let the words float out, into the Force. And he faded away. Notes: So, this chapter (and really the whole story) is about possibilities. Theories, what-ifs – sort of like the ones Obi-Wan was sifting through - little trails that I followed to see where they might take me. I'm a mom, and so Leia and Ben just break my heart, even more so after I read the novelization, which has an expanded version of the conversation between Han and Leia when she says "It was Snoke. He seduced our son to the Dark side." I won't spoil it, but it's my underlying premise. And then, it's bothered me that, if Anakin chose the light at the end, why didn't he do something? Well, maybe he didn't completely choose the light, maybe the Dark still had a hold of him – entirely possible. Or maybe by the time he would have tried to get through, Ben was too far in the Dark to hear him. Or…well, lots of possible reasons. Or maybe he tried to get through to his grandson and Snoke prevented it. Have I mentioned I hate that guy? Anyway, Anakin will be back. He's a persistent dude. Yeah, so I sort of combined the 'Rey's a Kenobi' theory and the 'Rey was one of the younglings' theory. And I decided she would be his great-neice instead of being a direct descendent because it felt a little easier than having to explain how and with whom Obi-Wan would have had a child, and just to be different. As far as which planet they're on, I don't know. I just didn't want it to be Tatooine – I wanted it to be somewhere lush and beautiful and easy. I needed to give her an identity, and this worked for this story so… Don't be mad. :) Thanks for reading; comments make my day! Chapter 7 : History Summary: Ben is doing so well at the Jedi Academy. What could possibly go wrong? Sigh. (Sorry this is such a short chapter; more tomorrow.) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) BEN Ben rarely had pleasant dreams, but this one was. Strange, sure, but nice. It was of a little girl, two or three years old, with wispy brown hair, running through a sun-dappled field of wild flowers. She was laughing, and she looked back at him, smiled and held out her hand, beckoning. Come with me. He wanted to follow her, tried to…and ( pleasant feelings gone ) he was held back by a cold iron grip – the Whisper Voice. The little girl's brows knitted together, a tiny line of worry forming between them, and she backed away, hand still stretched out, until she faded completely. LUKE All other issues aside, Ben Solo was by far the most talented student Luke had ever had. While the other children struggled to levitate a rock, Ben could stack a pile of them in the center of the courtyard. While the others still struggled to avoid getting zapped with the training remote on the lowest level, Ben could block the shocks almost every time, even on expert level. Academically, he excelled, especially in history and political science, which wasn't surprising since he had grown up immersed in it, but in the other subjects as well. He threw himself into physical training and was soon stronger than those several years older, moving with a fluid strength that was rare for someone his age and height. True, he struggled with meditation, never quite reaching a level of true peace, but that would come. And he tended to want to debate the Jedi Code instead of simply learn it, frustrating Luke with a level of rhetoric well beyond his years ( thanks sis ). Luke had yet to be able to get through to him that it wasn't a bill being debated in the Senate, or a treaty being negotiated in committee, but a code to live by. There were some issues, like the time the training remote had zapped him on the rear end and he had Force-slammed it into a stone wall so hard it broke into a million tiny pieces. And there were the nightmares Luke knew still plagued the boy, the dark circles under his eyes in the mornings evidence of another night of haunted sleep. Overall, though, overall he was doing exceptionally well. He was quiet and serious, focused and intent. And, oh, Force studies. It actually scared Luke how strong he was. He could do things Luke had only mastered after years of practice, and some, mostly the mental aspects, that Luke still couldn't do, and he made it look effortless – like he didn't even have to try. Because he doesn't , Luke thought. This led to a bit of arrogance on Ben's part when, gradually, he realized he was simply better than most of the others. Luke knew he would have to work on that with the kid, but Luke himself remembered how impatient and impetuous he had been as a student. Ben will be fine . Leia did the right thing sending him here . He wasn't sure why he felt like he had to keep telling himself that. BEN Another nightmare tore Ben from sleep. He only remembered feelings from this one – pain, fear, hopelessness. He woke again calling for his mother. However, she was not the one to answer. Crying for Mommy again. Frail, puny boy. The Whisper Voice. He clutched the blanket to his chin. Your grandfather wouldn't ask his mommy to save him. In fact, he saved her. Avenged her. Ben was leery, but interested. Luke had kept his promise, and told him many things about his grandfather, but he had never heard this story. How did the Whisper Voice know it? I know a great deal about your grandfather. Things your uncle does not know; would not understand. Ben's mouth was dry. T-tell me? Of course. In fact, I can do better than that. I can show you. Ben was watching a scene play out in his mind: a desert planet, a desperate search, a woman who had been abused, tortured nearly to death. His grandfather, young, taking her in his arms as the life seeped out of her. Sadness, despair, so deep and black he couldn't see the bottom of it. And then – anger - rolling over his grandfather – and him, because he was feeling it too. It was red and roiling and delicious. Cutting the sand people down – so easy, so satisfying. They deserved it – the things they had done to his mother [great-grandmother] – they deserved it, all of them. The vision faded, but the energy, so raw and red and strong, stayed. They deserved it. Ben felt it, touched it, tasted it, and it was delicious. He paced restlessly as the rush gradually wore off and the pale light of morning seeped into his room. Notes: Oh, Ben. :( Chapter 8 : Shadows Summary: Anakin visits Luke; Luke visits Leia; Ben hears the story of Anakin and Padme - well, sort of. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) LEIA "General?" "Yes?" "A ship just came out of hyperspace, and appears to be on approach. They have a code, but it's an old one." Her brow furrowed, and she flipped a switch, placing the brand-new Resistance base on alert. "Have blue squadron in the ready room." "Yes, ma'am." There was a pause, then: "Ship requests a direct comlink with you." "Patch it through." "If you need a translator, remember, I speak 6 million languages," C3PO reminded her. "Thank you, Threepio." She put on her headset. "Ship on approach to D'Qar, go ahead." "Hey, sis! What's a guy gotta do to get on the guest list there?" Luke! Relief flooded through her and she cancelled the alert. "How about call ahead and request a clearance?" "Oh, right. Sorry. I, uh, didn't exactly plan ahead. It was more important to get here quick. We need to talk. Now." His voice was filled with anxiety. Her stomach clenched again. Ben. Something was wrong. Luke was in the command center in minutes, and she ushered him to a private table, where they could talk without being overheard. "What is it?" "Umm. So I had a visitor." She raised an eyebrow. "Father." She pressed her lips together. "Oh." "And, he, well, he said he tried to, you know, appear to you, but you weren't receptive…" "He's right. I'm not." "…and he tried to get through to Ben and…" " Ben? Why the…" Luke cut her off. "Ben is…there's a threat." He was careful. "Father saw it – sensed it – and he tried to warn him but, well, he said there was a…a presence…" Oh no. Oh no, no, no, no, no. Leia bit her knuckle. "…very dark and…and keeping him out, away from Ben. He said it was…" "Trying to lure Ben to the Dark side." She finished. Luke looked at her, astonished. "You knew?" "I sensed it. All along. Since he was born. That's why, after that last incident, I sent him to you. I thought being there, with you, learning the way of the Jedi, surrounded by the light-I thought it would protect him. I thought…" "Do you know who it is?" She shook her head. "I only ever have a feeling of menace and darkness." "Father knows. Have you ever heard of someone called Snoke?" Her eyes narrowed and her lip curled. "Indeed I have. He's the leader of the First Order, a particularly nasty reactionary group that wants to restore the Empire. We've had several run-ins with them, but they always get away, and no one can find their base of operations. They tend to raid isolated planets, kill the adults and adolescents and take all the small children. I don't know to what end. They're vile. Luke, you're not saying…" He nodded. Leia clenched her fists. Her blood felt like ice water in her veins. She looked around the command center, at the gleaming apparatus of war all around her. Thought of the destruction she could unleash with the flick of a switch, with a softly-spoken word. Snoke. She would hunt him down, find him and drag him out of whatever slimy, sulfurous hole he was hiding in. The First Order. She would pursue them to the ends of the galaxy and then she would use the impressive array of weaponry at her fingertips to destroy them, annihilate them, obliterate them… This will not do. She took a deep breath and dug her nails into her palms. She was glad that she had not developed her Force sensitivity until she was an adult, glad she had never trained and flexed that particular muscle, because right now, she felt rage; pure, perfect rage. Her mind craved a target; her finger itched for a trigger. She sucked in a breath, then another. She leaned against Luke, feeding off his light, until she could think logically again. She would find them, she would hunt them down, she would stop them - but not out of rage. She would do it for the same reason she had always done it: to protect and defend the defenseless. The oh-so-very defenseless. BEN Ben had been misusing his meditation time for months. He knew what he was supposed to be doing. Connecting with the Force. Feeling it surrounding him and binding him to everything else. Letting it flow through him. Reaching a state of true peace and calmness. And he could do it; it wasn't hard, really. But it was so boring . He was connected to the Force, all the time. It was always flowing through him, sometimes so strongly he felt like he couldn't contain it. So why did he have to sit still for hours on end thinking about it, when that just made him feel like he was going to jump out of his skin. And the Whisper Voice, while still terrifying, wasn't quite as scary in the daytime, and, Ben had to admit, he found the tidbits about his grandfather ten times more interesting than trying to achieve a state of peace and harmony. Plus, if he talked to the Whisper Voice during meditation, sometimes it let him sleep at night. I'm not sure you're old enough for this story. It's a love story. I am. I promise. He hoped it didn't have a lot mushy parts. Fine. Then I'll tell you the story of your grandmother. He saw the story unfold in his mind as he heard the words. Padme. Her name was Padme Amidala. She was a queen; kind, benevolent, always putting her people ahead of herself; fearless, too, and exceedingly beautiful. Ben saw a young woman in an elaborate gown and head-dress, fine-featured and gentle. Your grandfather met her when he was just a boy, and fell hopelessly in love with her. And in time, she with him. But the Jedi Order took him, told him that because he was strong in the Force, his destiny was to become a Jedi. And Jedi were denied love. Ben frowned. This didn't seem right. Jedi could love. Uncle Luke loved him, and Mommy, and Daddy. In fact, on some level, Uncle Luke loved everybody. You are a bright boy, the Whisper Voice purred, and Ben warmed at the praise. You figured that out very quickly. Yes, the Jedi can, perhaps must , love everyone. But they cannot love one person, passionately, exclusively, as your grandfather loved Padme. Your grandfather and Padme had to hide their love, to marry in secret, because of the Jedi. And then she found out she was with child. Your grandfather had visions – she was going to die in childbirth. He wanted to help her; he would have done anythin g to save her. She was his life, his world, the queen of his galaxy. And he was going to lose her. He couldn't even go to his friends for help, because his love for Padme was forbidden, and his friends, the Jedi, would have sent him away. But he found someone who could help him; someone who knew things the Jedi didn't. Darth Sidious. He could have shared the secret of an awesome power with your grandfather, a power that could bring his love back from death, but the Jedi found out. They tried to stop him. And by the time the Jedi were defeated, it was too late. Your grandmother died because of the Jedi. Ben was horrified. He didn't like all that sappy love stuff, but he understood how terrible it would be to lose someone who was that important to you. And the Jedi let her die? Tried to prevent Grandfather from using this new Force power to save her? How could they do that? Why would they do that? He couldn't imagine Uncle Luke letting someone die because their husband had broken some silly rule. I don't think Jedi would do that. They're good. They help people. But they did. And what they did to your grandfather was even worse. Wha-what did they do? They sent his Master, who was also his best friend, to kill him. All because he tried to save his wife. And this man, this Jedi, cut off your grandfather's legs and left him to burn to death in a volcano. Ben saw his grandfather, screaming and writhing as flames licked at his skin. The Jedi didn't even have the strength to end his suffering. Darth Sidious found your grandfather, and rescued him after his best friend, the Jedi, left him for dead. And then, then the Jedi stole your grandfather's children, stole them from him and hid them so that he thought they died with their mother. It was a balmy, steamy day on Yavin 4, like every other day, but Ben was shivering. He scrunched his eyes tightly closed and clenched his teeth and balled his hands into fists. How could they have done those things? How could that be true? And yet, he knew it was true, knew it had happened, had seen it through the Force, and that terrified him. But why ? Ben asked plaintively. The Whisper Voice didn't respond for a while. It is complicated. Far too complicated to explain like this. Do you really want to know? To understand? Yes! Then perhaps, if you are truly willing to listen, to learn, to do exactly as I tell you …the Whisper Voice paused, and Ben unintentionally held his breath . Perhaps it is time for us to meet face to face. Notes: Okay, I sort of creeped myself out writing that. I think I'll go take a shower. I feel contaminated. D'Qar: I don't know exactly when the Resistance really started using the base on D'Qar, but I decided this was as good a time as any. Thank you to those who are reading and commenting; I so appreciate it! Chapter 9 : Good Intentions Summary: Good intentions. The road to hell is paved with them. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) OBI-WAN "What's he doing this time?" Mace Windu asked. He, Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon – or at least their spirit selves – were watching Anakin, who had materialized about three meters in front of his grandson (which was as close as he could get – the wall of darkness prevented him from getting any closer) and was shouting. Obi-Wan sighed. "Calling him. He said he thinks a little bit of it might be getting through – that sometimes he sort of looks in his direction." "Hmmf." They looked on as Anakin shouted – had he still had a physical form, he would have long since shouted himself hoarse. "Ben! Ben! No! That's not how it happened. He's twisting it! Ask him about the parts he's leaving out! The parts where it was my fault – all my fault! Obi-Wan wasn't weak, he loved me, and I loved him, and that's why he couldn't bring himself to…to…maybe he should have. And Padme – the Jedi didn't kill her. I did. I killed her – she was my angel and I killed her. I choked her and I broke her heart and she died, all because of me. Oh, Padme, please, please…." He was pleading, weeping. Mace frowned. "This serves no good purpose." He looked at Obi-Wan, whose consciousness was nearly as tortured as Anakin's. "Go get him." Obi-Wan nodded. "Padme. I'm sorry. So so so sorry…" Anakin leaned forward, took a step…and vanished. ANAKIN Despair overtook him as he listened, listened as a version of a story he had lived was twisted and corrupted to trick a child, and he was filled with guilt and despair and self-loathing. It had been his fault, all of it. Even this, now, was his fault. How many more people had to suffer, he wondered, because of his poor decisions? Guilt, shame, fear, loathing all swirled around him, dark and deep and pulling him down, down, down. He took a step forward. And another. And another. He felt something familiar curl around him, embrace him. It felt cold and sinister. It felt like home. He looked around, and noticed that he was within arm's reach of the boy. Surprise registered beneath his despair. He had gotten through the shield, through the darkness. Finally! He reached his hand out toward the boy, and was surprised that the hand he saw wore a black glove. The boy, kneeling on his meditation cushion, eyes and teeth clenched shut, hands balled into tight fists, seemed to sense his presence, opened his eyes and looked up. The boy inhaled sharply, eyes opening wide, and stared at Anakin with an expression of pure reverence and awe. Hope soared through Anakin, and he opened his mouth to speak – and was violently shoved out of the cloud of darkness. No longer able to maintain his physical manifestation, he retreated across the barrier. OBI-WAN Anakin was exhausted from whatever had just happened. His consciousness was a turmoil of emotions: fear and hope and remorse and shame and, over all that, the joy of new discovery. "What the bloody frack happened?" Obi-Wan asked. Anakin's spirit's smile was intense, and only a little insane. "I know how to get through," he said. BEN He had been there. He had appeared to him. Grandfather . Close enough to touch, but not touchable. Shimmering and transparent but instantly recognizable – the figure from his mother's dream that he knew so well, with the shiny black helmet and flowing cape. And he had reached out toward Ben. It had only lasted a second, but it had been real . Truly real. Grandfather had appeared to him, right after he decided he would fight his terror and meet the Whisper Voice. Ben took this as a sign that he had made the right decision. That Grandfather approved. LEIA Leia had decided. She would fly back to the Academy with Luke that very morning. "We'll just sit Ben down and explain what we know, lay it all out for him, bring everything out in the open. He's thirteen, old enough to understand things. And we'll be able to find out if he's been…if he's aware of anything." Luke frowned a bit. "So, an intervention?" She shook her head. "No. A conversation. Reason. Rationality. Facts." Luke considered. "Because the last thing we want to do is scare him – or worse, make him think we're accusing him of something and make him mad." She nodded. "I know." This would take every bit of diplomatic skill she possessed. "But honesty is the best policy." Secrets had a way of coming back and biting you in the ass. Except, she had decided, where Han was concerned. If he found out about this he would want to lock Ben in the smuggler's cargo compartment of the Falcon for the rest of his life. And maybe they should leave out the fact that the information had come from Anakin's Force ghost. She didn't really want to go down that road with her son. Leia felt a feeling of nostalgia as they touched down on Yavin 4. The overgrown temple, the lush jungle, the steamy heat that enveloped her as she stepped out of the ship all brought back memories touched with light and shadow. They walked into the temple, into Luke's quarters. His study was a mess, tables overflowing with holopads, holocrons, even a few ancient printed volumes. He cleared some training materials off a chair for Leia to sit in. "I'll go get him." Leia nodded, gave him a weak smile. Tension floated around them. It was only a few minutes until Luke returned with a boy who was impossibly even taller than last time she had seen him. He looked different - wary, diffident. His hair had gotten longer, and fell across his eyes. She reached out mentally, but the mother-child connection that had been there before was weak, and his mind was closed off, suspicious, giving away nothing. "Ben." She was across the room, wrapping him in a hug that she knew was too tight, too suffocating. He hugged her back, but after a few seconds, squirmed away. "Gah. I can't breathe, Mom." She reluctantly let him go, but kept fussing around him, smoothing his hair out of his face, straightening his robe, looking into his eyes as if she was trying to find something . He swallowed. "So. What's up?" Luke cleared his throat. "I think we should sit down." They sat around a stone table, Luke shoving stacks of Jedi training materials out of the way, and, in careful words, they explained what they knew. Leia tried to get a read on her son – was he afraid? Was he aware of the threat? Had the darkness already touched him? But he kept his expression carefully neutral and his mind guarded as he listened to everything with an intensity that Leia wasn't sure how to take. "But what does this guy want with me?" He finally asked. A careful, guarded question, not the panic of a frightened child. The siblings exchanged a glance. Leia spoke first. "Oh, Ben." She reached out and touched his cheek. "You have no idea of your potential. Your power – that's what he wants. He wants to win you to the Dark Side to use your power." He shrugged. "Lots of people have the Force. Why me specifically?" Luke spoke this time. "I think because you are stronger in the Force than most others. You know this. You're aware of how easily you do things that the others struggle with. Of the fact that there are some things you can do that not even I can. The fact that you use these abilities with a natural ease, not a practiced effort. He wants you because of all those things. And because you're a Skywalker." Ben stared at the table, running his fingernail along a tiny crack in the stone. "How long have you known this?" "Not long." She didn't meet her son's gaze. "And how'd you find out?" "A reliable source." He glanced at her, clearly not satisfied with the answer. They were silent, Leia and Luke worried, Ben sullen. Finally, she reached out and clasped his hands. How did they get bigger than hers? "Ben." She willed him to meet her eyes and, to her surprise, he did. "We're going to neutralize this threat. Finding the First Order and this – person - is the top priority of the Resistance now. We just need you to be aware of the danger, to be on guard, until we can do so. We will find them. We will stop them." He nodded and she squeezed his hands until he pulled them away. BEN He struggled to keep his roiling emotions contained as he walked back to his room. The discussion had not frightened him. He already knew plenty about the 'threat', as they called it. It had haunted his nightmares as long as he could remember. It had given him tastes of what he could do with his power, if he were not limited by the ways of the Jedi. If I am as powerful as they all seem to think, why shouldn't I at least find out the extent of what I'm capable of, without so many things being off-limits? What if the Jedi are wrong? If they could let my grandmother die, try to kill my grandfather, for an infraction of a stupid, unfair rule – He had no intention of going to the Dark side. But what was the harm in getting some answers; answers that Uncle Luke either didn't have or wouldn't give him? And now he felt more confident than he had that he could handle this meeting with the Whisper Voice – Snoke, he corrected himself. That was his name. Because he had just been handed an advantage: knowledge. Knowledge is power, his mother always said. Notes: Anakin will be back, and he will find a way to help, eventually. Comments, kudos and just knowing people are reading make me happy; thank you! Chapter 10 : Nightmare Summary: Ben miscalculates, badly. Notes: Oh, Ben. Sigh. This was actually painful to write. It is very dark and pretty horrifying, but it has to be. So, umm, trigger warnings for abuse/violence maybe. It's rated T for a reason, so just be warned. On the other hand, if you'd like to creep yourself out even more, listen to '4 O' Clock' by Emilie Autumn along with this chapter. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) BEN The path through the jungle was narrow and overgrown. Overhanging vegetation blocked out what little light came from the past-the-middle-of-the-night sky. Ben stumbled over a vine. He wasn't even completely sure he was going the right way. The Whisp… Snoke had not exactly given him directions. He was expected to find the meeting place using the Force. The night sounds of the jungle surrounded him; mists swirled among the trees. His feet slipped on wet leaves and sweat dripped into his eyes. Stupid jungle planet. He shoved his hair out of his face as he trudged on, the path growing impossibly even more narrow and winding. Then, he felt something – a deeper darkness off to the side. He took a cautious step toward it, then another. It was a cave, almost invisible from the path. He felt a familiar presence inside, waiting, impatient. He hesitated, considered turning back. What would grandfather do? He stepped into the cave. He wasn't sure what he had expected, but not this. For one thing, the figure inside the cave wasn't really there. He was a hologram. Oh, his presence, his essence was there, but not his physical body. He was, however, every bit as terrifying as the voice had promised he would be. Tall, deathly pale, skeletally thin, with a scarred face and mis-shapen skull, he glowered down at Ben. "It's about time." Ben gulped. He almost changed his mind about his approach, but this was the only advantage he had. He would use it to negotiate; to get the answers he needed about the Jedi, his grandfather, the Force, what Snoke wanted from him…all of it. He had seen his mother do this so many times: walk into a meeting with a piece of information her adversary didn't know she had and just drop it, like a bomb, and no matter who was sitting across the table, their eyes would open wide in shock and they'd know she had bested them. Lead from strength, she said. Ben didn't feel especially strong right now, but he tried to imitate her confidence – her flat expression, her cool, steady tone. "So, is this when you try to recruit me to work for the First Order…Snoke?" His voice cracked when he said it. Just for a fraction of a second, that gratifying expression flickered across the terrifying face – surprise, shock even. Then it morphed to stony fury. "You will address me as Supreme Leader Snoke, boy. And you will do it with proper respect." Ben felt something push him, and he fell to his knees on the stone floor of the cave. "Oww," he said, as much out of surprised offense as pain. He hadn't expected that. "Normally, I would not tolerate such insolence . However, in this case, it speaks of a certain…potential. It was almost brave. Foolish and potentially fatal, but promising." The voice, the words, sent cold shivers up his spine. Ben didn't speak. His knees throbbed, and the pressure forcing him into the uncomfortable, not to mention humiliating, position, did not abate. The figure spoke again."Now, you'll tell me where you acquired this knowledge." Uh-oh. Ben's heart pounded in his chest. This was not going well - notgoingwellnotgoingwell. He hadn't thought this through. He didn't want to involve his mother in this. He bit his lip and furrowed his brows and said, voice sounding much more confident than he felt,"No." If the face had had eyebrows, they would have shot up. "NO?" Apparently 'no' was the wrong answer. Ben felt something, like a spike being driven into his temple. He clutched his head and doubled over and screamed as his mind was brutally - and easily - searched. The face swam above him. "Ahh. From your mother. How nice." "My mother's going to kill you," Ben whimpered. "I'm sure she would , if she knew where to find me. But she doesn't. I, on the other hand…" Realization swept over Ben, and horror. He started naming planets in his mind, first in a neat alphabetical list, like he had learned them in Galactic Geography: Anoat-Bespin-Chandrila-Corellia-Coruscant-Dagobah-Dantooine-Dathomir-Devaraon-Endor-Felusia-Geonisis-Hosnian Prime-Hoth… Then, as the spike drove in deeper, randomly, snatching names from memory: Kashyyk, Naboo, Yavin 4, Dantooine, Tatooine, Hoth….Dantooine...Tatooine…. Alderaan….no not Alderaan don't think about mother don't think about mother don't think about… "D'Qar. That's where Mommy is. And Daddy. Uncle Chewy. And a few friends – a little boy with brown curls – Poe? A girl with yellow hair in two buns, a girl with black corkscrew curls…" Ben was slumped on the floor, clutching his head. He felt something trickle from his nose, and when he licked his lip he tasted blood. "Don't hurt them." It was a plea, not a demand. The voice didn't respond for what seemed like hours. Then: "Don't make me." "I won't. I won't ." He swiped under his nose to wipe away the blood, smearing it across the back of his hand. "You're afraid." Ben nodded. "You don't like it." "Huh-uh." "Good. Then perhaps you can learn something, if you'll stop sniveling." Ben stayed slumped on the floor, afraid to move. "Look at me when I speak to you, boy." He peered up, from under his hair. His stomach clenched; his armpits dampened with acrid fear-induced perspiration. "You need to learn to better guard your mind." Ben nodded. "H-how?" "Practice." Then the spike was back, and Ben clutched his temples again and whimpered. This time Snoke wasn't looking for anything specific, just browsing, and each memory he touched retained a trace of darkness, a feeling that it was tainted. Recent memories – besting Luke with the training light saber, last night's dinner of stew and rehydrated bread, staring at a girl in political science class - she's pretty I wonder what it would be like to touch her – that one's a little embarrassing – oops, shouldn't have thought that because now the probing seemed to be looking for other things that were embarrassing. The time when he was three and Shara Bey took him up for some acro and he threw up all over her A-Wing; the time Poe, who was a head shorter than Ben despite being older, beat him in a foot race; the time his mother caught him looking at a holo of a lady without clothes on; that thing he did in the shower sometimes when he had looked at a girl for too long… Stop it! That's private stuff! Get out! "Make me, boy." "I don't know how !" "Then perhaps you're not what I had hoped. I thought you had power, but you're weak. Too weak to even resist a mild mind intrusion. Pathetic." Mild? His temple was throbbing, and blood was dripping out of his nose, down the front of his shirt. More memories – Dejarik with Artoo, sitting in the command center with Mommy, Uncle Luke explaining the Force…right. The Force. Ben tried to connect with it; tried to reach that place of peace and harmony he had felt sometimes when he bothered with meditation, but he couldn't get there. He couldn't even get close, because his mind was chaos and pain and terror. "You don't actually think you can use that Jedi foolishness, do you? Peace, serenity, harmony? You ?" Snoke's laugh ran around his mind and through his veins like ice. Ben thought he might vomit. The probing continued, making its way deeper into the recesses of his mind, to a set of memories that he cherished because, unlike most, they were – it was hard to explain but the word that came to mind was pure . His first memory of his mother's face, looking down at him, eyes soft, mouth curved up in an adoring smile, long brown hair loose around her shoulders, a soft rocking motion and a warm feeling of safety; the first time Daddy took him out for a hundred-credit-nerfburger in the Falcon, traveling through hyperspace just to get the best greasy food in the galaxy; riding on Uncle Chewy's shoulders, little fingers clutching long hair so he didn't fall and he could see over all the grown-ups heads and he could see everythin g; the only good dream he had ever had – the little girl in the flower field. And if Snoke saw them, touched them, they would be tainted and ruined forever. Silent tears ran down his face and mixed with the blood, and there was nothing but painfearhorrordisgust and he wasn't sure if the disgust was at Snoke or at himself for getting into this mess but he suddenly resolved that he would not let him ruin those memories – the few, the only pure things he had - and something welled up inside him to replace the fear, something red and hot, and it flowed through his veins and it felt good , finally something that felt good and it blocked out all the bad-bad-bad feelings and he pushed, shoved, screamed… The intrusion was gone. He was still on his knees, but no longer slumped in fear. He was glaring at the figure before him, hot red goodness thrumming through his veins. Snoke would kill him now, kill him for kicking him out, for his defiance, but he wasn't even scared anymore because this felt good and it had been so long-so long-so long since anything felt good and anyway if he killed him at least it would be over. The silence went on indefinitely. Finally, Snoke spoke again. "That was a satisfactory lesson. Perhaps you aren't a total waste of time, after all." Ben blinked. Lesson? He wasn't going to kill him? He was – pleased? "In answer to the question you posed so discourteously earlier, I am not 'recruiting' you for the First Order. I have no need for your services as a Stormtrooper. They're easily obtained and expendable. I have something much more special in mind for you. A way that you can use your abilities to the fullest. If you continue to prove that you're capable of learning and becoming strong instead of wallowing in self-pity like the weak, pathetic little boy you are." Ben just nodded, relief flooding through him. He wasn't going to die tonight. "You will come here when I summon you. You will not be late again. You are dismissed." He nodded again. Anything, anything, anything for escape. For peace. That laugh again, slithering around him with icy fingers. "Peace is a lie, boy. Now go." Ben felt the hold that had been keeping him on his knees release, and he scrambled to his feet and out of the cave. His legs were wobbly, but he used what was left of the hot red energy that was still in him to make his way back down the path. At one point he doubled over and retched onto the ground. He wasn't sure how he found his way back to his room, but when he did he wrapped himself in his blanket and rocked back and forth until, exhausted, he slept. In his dream, he was again walking down the path in the jungle when someone behind him called his name. A clear, high voice in his head: Ben . He turned and saw the little girl from the flower field. She was holding out her hand again – so small and soft. Come back. He looked at her sadly. I can't. She frowned, and faded away. Notes: Thanks for reading; comments are so greatly appreciated. Chapter 11 : Peering Into Darkness Summary: Anakin proposes his idea to the Force Ghost Jedi Council. They're thrilled (not). Ben wakes up with a Dark side hangover. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ANAKIN They – their spirit forms - were all staring at him as if he had grown an extra head and turned purple. "Do this, you should not." Well, he hadn't really expected Yoda to approve. "Absolutely not." Apparently Mace was going to need more convincing, as well. Obi-Wan shook his head. "You have finally gone totally around the bend." Well, at least his mentor hadn't outright told him not to do it. He turned to the man who, more than the others, had always believed in him. The one who had first seen his potential. Anakin had always preferred Qui-Gon's slightly unorthodox take on the Jedi way, and hoped that he would see the merit in the desperate idea. "Qui-Gon?" Qui-Gon hesitated, considered. Then he shrugged. "Well, it's not the worst idea he's ever had." This wasn't exactly the ringing endorsement Anakin had hoped for, but it was…something? "Thank you." Obi-Wan snorted. "I wouldn't take that as a compliment. You've had some cosmically bad ideas." Anakin glared. "And now I'm working on fixing that shit." "Bad language, there is no need for." Right. Because of course Yoda would chide him for cursing while that Palpatine pretender was torturing his grandson. Qui-Gon cut in. "Perhaps we should at least hear him out." Anakin nodded his thanks. "I can do this. It will work." "It's madness! Anakin, do you realize what you're suggesting? That you intentionally give in to the Dark, let it take you, to try and reach the boy?" This was Obi-Wan, concern etched on his features. "I do." "You could easily get lost, become a Dark spirit, forever consumed by madness and hatred." "I can break away. I just did it." Mace spoke. "You didn't break away. You said that as soon as you felt a positive emotion – hope – the Darkness threw you out ." "So that's what I'll do – make it throw me out." "What makes you think you have that kind of control, to resist it?" Mace asked. "Because I did it before." "We just established that was an accident…" "No. For Luke. I broke away to save my son. I can do it for my grandson, too." They were silent. Finally, Yoda spoke again. "Make it worse, you might. Appear as Vader, inspire the boy to evil you will." Anakin frowned. He had been Vader when he was in the Dark, he knew that. That was an issue. He would need to learn to be Anakin, even in the Darkness; would need to learn to hold on long enough to say what he needed to say to the boy, before the Darkness threw him out; before Snoke realized he was there. Snoke, who was trapping the boy in the darkness as they sat and debated, debated, debated. Anakin had always despised the fact that the Jedi Council spent so much time talking, when what was needed was action. But he also knew that, in this, he needed their help. It wasn't an easy thing to admit. "I…I can do it. I have to. But you're right. I shouldn't be rash. I need to learn control, peace, serenity. All the things I've always struggled with. I have to master them, so I can do this." On the other side of the barrier, he saw the boy, writhing in pain, his face covered in tears mixed with blood. He looked at the Jedi spirits beseechingly. "Please . Help me help him." BEN His head pounded; his stomach churned; his tongue stuck to the roof of his mouth. His knees throbbed where they had been scraped by the stone floor of the cave, sticky scabs beginning to form. He smelled like sweat and blood and vomit. Daylight streamed in through the window, making his eyes pulsate with pain. He pulled the pillow over his head, but the pounding in his skull got louder. It took a while for him to realize the pounding wasn't just in his head. Someone was knocking on the door. "Ben?" He jolted awake. Luke! Oh no. Luke would know, would know everything. Would know that right after they warned him, he had willingly gone and communed with the Dark. Luke, who was all light and peace and kindness would know what he had done and be horrified. Luke would be so disappointed in him, so appalled at his stupidity, so disgusted… "Ben? Are you alright? You missed breakfast." Luke, who had nothing but care and concern for Ben, would realize how little regard Ben had for that care and concern. So little he went off and did exactly what Luke and his mother had warned him against. You need to learn to guard your mind better, boy. The voice made him sick, but… He concentrated on blocking out everything. Luke couldn't find out. "Ben?!"Now there was an edge of panic in his voice. Ben swallowed. "I…I don't feel very good. My stomach hurts." He certainly sounded sick. He certainly felt sick. He felt something flicker around the edges of his mind…a soft tapping, almost a flutter. A request . Luke would never intrude like… Right. He let a little of the sick feeling in his stomach seep out to meet Luke's inquiry. "Do you want me to have a droid come check you out?" "Uh-uh. I…I think I just need to rest. If that's okay." "Of course. Rest. Let me know if you need anything." Ben felt Luke start to go, hesitate, then move on. He was relieved that he had fooled him; he was furious that he had fooled him. Notes: So, yeah, I know my Force Ghost Jedi Council is small, but too many characters can get confusing. And even though Mace Windu isn't shown as a Force ghost, I like him, so he's here. They could have taught him after he died, like Anakin, right? Next chapter: Family time for Han, Leia and Ben. Chapter 12 : Fly Casual Summary: Everything is not okay. Everyone tries to act normal. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) BEN Compartmentalization. That's what the Resistance pilots had called it. The ability to separate things into neat little boxes, and to close off the boxes that weren't needed at the time. Flying? Only open the box that contains the skills and nerve needed to wield a gravity-and-space-defying hunk of metal moving at the speed of light and not die. At home with the family? Keep the 'I just bombed hundreds of people into oblivion' box closed up tight. It was this ability that Ben used now, to survive the cognitive dissonance that was his existence, and he got very good at it, very quickly. There was Daytime Ben. Daytime Ben was quiet, studious, polite. Perhaps a bit closed off, a bit sullen, but never a problem. Never anything but the model student. He kept his mind carefully shielded, never letting anything slip out that would make Luke suspicious. Then there was Night-time Ben, whose dreams were still haunted by visions that he feared were premonitions, who had now been summoned to see Supreme Leader Snoke in the dead of night five more times, each time leaving him darker, angrier, but also stronger. None of these audiences were the horror that the first had been. They weren't pleasant, but Ben soon learned that if he was obedient, compliant, it wasn't as bad. At this point, Snoke seemed to be testing him, seeing the extent of his abilities. Fighting, Force powers – he pushed him to his limit and beyond, and it was then that Ben connected with that red, surging energy within him, hot and raw and delicious even though he knew, he knew what it was and that it was wrong . It was the only thing that made him feel alive, and it was only after he got to that point, the point of giving in to the Dark Side, that Snoke seemed satisfied and let him leave, to stumble down the jungle path and collapse into his bed for a few hours of tormented sleep before he had to get up and be Daytime Ben, Perfect Padawan, again. It was then that he realized just how stupid other people were. How could they not sense the Dark power rolling off him? Why were they not terrified of him? They should be. HAN Luke's Jedi Academy was more relaxed than the academies of the Old Republic. Students were allowed to come and go, to visit their families, to take holidays. Luke felt like it was a better model, and besides, as the only Jedi Master, he simply couldn't give each student the one-on-one attention and bonding that had occurred in the old Master-Padawan system. As it was, he had to hire child minders to help tend to the younglings. So letting them maintain familial bonds felt right. It was for this reason that Han Solo and Chewbacca were on their way to pick up Ben for a trip to Kashyyyk to celebrate Life Day. Leia had sent Han to fetch their son, urging him to have some 'father-son bonding time' while she finished up some Resistance business before the trip. Han noticed she had that drawn expression on her face that was always present when she mentioned Ben now. He wasn't sure why, but he knew he had missed his boy and was looking forward to having him around again. However, the boy he met on Yavin 4 wasn't the little boy Han remembered; the little boy who easily grabbed Han's hand as they walked along the flight line looking at various ships, always agreeing with Han that none of them came close to the Falcon , which was the best ship ever. This boy was a stranger. Taller, more serious, more introverted and intense. He greeted Han and Chewie awkwardly, speaking little, seeming to have something lurking under the surface, coiled and contained and – dangerous? Han shook his head. The Force, of course that's what it was. All this Jedi stuff, well, Han didn't understand it, but if it was helping his son contain that scary power he had, then okay. That was okay. Han cleared his throat, grinned. "If you keep growing you're gonna be taller than Chewie." Chewbacca grunted his disagreement, but walked over and draped an arm around Ben, causing the first small smile from the boy and getting a friendly squeeze in return. They walked up the ramp. "You wanna fly?" Han asked. Ben had spent plenty of time at the controls of the Falcon ; had seemed to enjoy it in the past. He shrugged. "Sure." He started to slide into the co-pilot's seat. Han stopped him and gestured at the pilot's chair. "Nah. You take this one. I'll co-pilot." "Seriously?" Ben looked almost pleased. "You bet. You're old enough now." Ben settled in the pilot's seat, eyes playing over the console, and he flicked a small smile at Han. "Cool." Chewbacca ruffled his hair and gave him an approving growl before settling into the navigator's seat. "Okay, so…" Han tapped a few keys on the on-board computer and the pre-takeoff checklist for the YT-1300 appeared. "Always use the checklist. Once you've done this so many time you think you don't need the checklist, that's when you really need to use the checklist." "You don't always use the checklist." "I'm Han Solo." Ben rolled his eyes. "Okay. Go ahead." Ben worked through the pre-takeoff tasks. "Fuel – both; mixture – rich; throttle – slight; prime; master switch on." He looked out the canopy, scanned the area. "Clear. Engine start." The powerful engines hummed, then whined, then roared to life. Han nodded. "Good." "Pressure good, instruments good. Strap in." They all fastened their harnesses. Ben glanced at his father. "Are we ready?" "You're the pilot. Are we?" Ben glanced over everything. "Yep." He engaged the anti-grav drive and the ship lifted off, swiftly leaving the atmosphere. "Now, calculate the jump and take us into hyperspace so we can pick up your mother." Ben tapped a few keys, plotted the course to D'Qar, and eased the hyperspace throttle forward. Stars blurred and they shot forward. Han beamed. "Smooth! I couldn't have done better myself. Now it's just straight and level all the way home." BEN Ben grinned, pleased with himself, pleased with the praise, pleased with the normalness . The flight was uneventful, and he found himself relaxing, enjoying the familiar camaraderie of his dad and Uncle Chewie in the cockpit. This, more than any of the apartments or quarters they had lived in, was home. The Falcon was the one constant in a life of upheaval. He ran his hand along the worn fabric of the pilot's chair and stared out the huge viewport. What would it be like to just do this, just fly around, hauling cargo, using a set of skills that came from your own brain and hands and not the Force? What would it be like to live his father's life? He sighed. He would never know. An alarm dinged, letting them know they were reaching their destination. Time for landing. "Okay, you remember how to do this?" his dad asked. "Sure." Ben started the landing sequence as they dropped out of hyperspace. It went smoothly enough at first, but Ben undershot the re-entry corridor - got the angle a little off - and they hit the planet's atmosphere too steeply, the friction converting energy to heat that danced, glowing orange, on the Falcon 's leading edge. Alarms were blaring. The ship was shaking, buffeted by the atmosphere's drag. "Add power!" Han shouted. Ben did, correcting the angle enough that the heat dissipated – but now their speed was too high. His father was yelling, "You're coming in too hot! Reverse thrusters!" Ben pushed a button, but it didn't slow them down. It canted them to the left, pushing them against their seatbelts. "NO! Reverse thrusters! Not right thrusters!" Dad was pushing buttons now, getting in Ben's way, confusing him, pissing him off. "I can do it, Dad!" He flicked a switch, finally slowing their descent, but not enough, and they were still not level. "You're going to hit on the left first and bend the lifter." "I can fix it!" He reached for the left thruster to correct the angle. "I got it, I got it!" That sped up their descent again, though, and angled them too far in the other direction. No matter what he tried, he couldn't seem to return the Falcon to level flight, and the ground was rushing up at them way too fast. His father decided it was time to take over. "My ship." "NO!" Something red and angry hummed through Ben's body, buzzed in his veins, swirled out and around the ship. The descent slowed, almost stopped. The ship levelled and hung there, hovering in mid-air, and Ben lowered it far more slowly and gently than thrusters ever could. The lifters touched the ground so softly that the three people inside didn't even feel it. "There!" Ben unsnapped his harness and swung out of the pilot's seat. "No bent metal. Not a scratch." And he stomped out of the cockpit, the exterior door whooshing and the ramp descending well before he got to the switches that controlled them. He stormed down the ramp, past his mother, past the other ships, toward their quarters. HAN It took Han longer to unbuckle and clamber out of the cockpit, hurrying after his son. "Ben! BEN!" He sighed. And there was his wife, standing on the ramp with that look on her face. " What did you do ?" "I tried to do what you told me!" She glared at him. "Looks like you did a fine job of it, laser-brain." And she turned and stomped off after their son. Han sighed. "I've got a bad feeling about this, Chewie." Chewbacca groaned in agreement. Notes: Compartmentalization is "an unconscious psychological defense mechanism used to avoid cognitive dissonance, or the mental discomfort and anxiety caused by a person's having conflicting values, cognitions, emotions, beliefs, etc. within themselves. Compartmentalization allows these conflicting ideas to co-exist by inhibiting direct or explicit acknowledgement and interaction between separate compartmentalized self-states." "I'm a pilot, ya know!" Well, I am – just small planes – Cessna 172, Aeronca Champ, Citabria, even a Pitts once with an instructor. I can't think of anything cooler than getting to fly with Han, and I haven't had nearly enough of him in this story, and I wanted some camaraderie between Han and Ben, so I took 'em flying. Of course, it didn't end well, but at least they enjoyed most of the flight. Since I couldn't find a takeoff checklist for the YT-1300 online (yeah, I looked – you never know what you might find!) I just used the one for the Cessna 172, pulled the basic things you do in most aircraft, added some Millennium Falcon-specific terms from the books and threw that in there. And although the Millennium Falcon defies about every law of aerodynamics, I decided to treat it like any other aircraft. I did some research online, including FAA Document 4.1.7, 'Returning From Space: Re-Entry' (yes, that exists, just in case you find yourself needing to do that sometime???), but mostly, as far as where thrusters would be and stuff, I just made it up using as much logic as possible, and used some things that are true to flying anything, like the fact that landing is a lot harder than taking off, and if a landing starts going bad, the harder you try to fix it, the worse it seems to get. I'm not sure if I got too science-y with it, or took too much liberty with the laws of physics, but it was fun. Wookiee Life Day: Yeah, I used that to have an excuse for Ben to get a 'holiday break'. Because why not? Thanks for reading, and if you enjoyed, I would love to hear your comments! Chapter 13 : The Best Lack All Conviction Summary: Peace and serenity all that happy hippie stuff for Anakin; vacation time on Kashyyyk for the Solos. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ANAKIN Anakin Skywalker had never been so mellow. Well, if he were perfectly honest, he had never been mellow at all. But this time, he had really, really made the effort, with the help of the other Force Ghosts. They were all sitting (well, the spirit version of sitting) together, meditating, reaching for the Force, for peace, harmony, serenity (and, in Mace Windu's case, thinking about his purple light saber – man did he love that freakin' thing). It had taken a long time to get to this point – this true connection with the light, but Anakin not only felt it, he was it. This was the state he would have to get to in order to escape the darkness – if he could break through it again. He was ready to try. Obi-Wan put a hand on his arm, "Anakin. Please – rethink this. You don't know if you'll be able to break away if you get in. You might not want to. I'm asking you, one more time - don't do this. I lost you once. I don't think I could bear it again." Anakin smiled at his mentor, his best friend, the man who had loved him more than anyone else. The man he had killed. "Would you risk it? Would you sacrifice yourself to save him?" Obi-wan looked down. Anakin already knew the answer. "I'll be back." They found Ben – surprisingly, not on Yavin 4, but on Kashyyyk. The Jedi looked at each other. These kids these days got a holiday break? They had never gotten a holiday break. Anakin waited until the boy was alone, then focused and manifested. The barrier of darkness was still there, keeping him out, but the boy – the boy looked happier. Lighter. Anakin could see it – light shining through. "Ben!" He called. "Ben! Come back!" Nothing. "Ben! You have a choice. Please. Make the right one!" The boy looked around, as if he had heard something, but then looked away. Anakin stepped forward. Peace. Knowledge. Serenity. Harmony. The darkness was impenetrable. He tried, but there was simply no getting through. For once, nothing was irritating him, nothing was annoying him – he simply couldn't get riled up. He was too mellow. He strained, for many Kashyyyk days, the sun and moons rising and setting, with no success. Finally, energy spent, he returned to the spirit world. "It won't work like this." They looked at him. "This – so much light, so much peace – I'll never get through. I have to be angry or afraid or in despair to step over the edge. That's what did it last time." Obi-wan took a deep breath, let it out, looked at the rest of the Force Ghost Jedi Council. "I think it's time we try to tick him off," he said. HAN Things had been…okay. Spending time on Kashyyyk had actually been good for them, he decided. Chewbacca and his family were so warm and welcoming and seemed to have a calming influence on Ben. He visibly relaxed after the first few days, easing into a routine of swimming, lolling around in a hammock, and playing sabacc. The dark circles under his eyes disappeared and his mood improved. It was almost like old times. But now, as they landed on Yavin 4, Ben's tension and irritability returned. Han sighed. Even he could feel the dread rolling off his son, and he didn't have the advantage of the Force to help him. He decided that as soon as they were back on D'Qar, he would talk to Leia - really talk - about bringing the kid home. Ben was clearly not happy here. Jedi training be damned, Force be damned, if the kid was so miserable, why were they leaving him here? The three adults – Han, Leia, Chewie – and one droid – C3PO – walked down the ramp with a reluctant Ben. Luke waved from where he was demonstrating how to use a training orb to several younglings. "Do you want us to walk you in?" Leia asked. Ben sighed, scuffed his boot across the ground. "Nah. Thanks." She sighed. "Alright." BEN Ben stopped, slung his satchel over his shoulder, patted C3PO on his metal arm. "See ya, pal," he said. "And I will look forward to seeing you again, soon, young master Ben. It has been far too quiet at home without you. In fact, I find myself talking just to fill the silence…" "I bet ya do," Ben said, patting Threepio again and turning to Chewie. "Thanks for the vacation, Uncle Chewie. It was pretty sweet. Kashyyyk's where it's at." He held out a hand to fist-bump his godfather. Chewbacca grunted a sad goodbye, fist-bumped him back, then changed his mind and pulled Ben into a massive furry hug. He turned to his mother, who was looking at him with that intense stare. Her eyes reminded him of a still pool in the fall, warm and brown and quiet and deep. They were searching his, looking for something . He could feel her, tapping at the edges of his mind, inquisitive, concerned. Are you okay? Asking, never intruding. He kept his thoughts carefully concealed. Fine. I'm fine. She smiled with no joy. "Oh, sweetie. I'm going to miss you so much." She wrapped her arms around him, standing on tiptoe to reach his shoulders, holding on way too long, finally stepping away. He picked up a flow of thoughts from her, swirling, simmering under the surface, mostly involving airstrikes and explosions and all-I-need-are-some-damn-coordinates-why-can't-anyone-find-this-bastard? And then there was his father. "So, uh, thanks for letting me fly the Falcon . That was pretty legit." Han, for once, considered his words carefully before he spoke. "You know, you would make a great pilot, son." He grinned, "Just like your old man. Remember that if this…if you don't want…" he waved a hand at the temple, "…just remember, that path is always open to you." Ben swallowed hard. No, it's not . "Thank you," he said. Han pulled him in for a hug, thumped him on the back several times, gave him what he hoped was a reassuring squeeze and let him go. It was the second-to-last time he would ever see him. Notes: I gave them a vacation because I had to let them be almost-happy one more time. But the next few chapters will be pretty dark. It will get better, eventually, but...yeah. Chapter 14 : Try Summary: Do or do not. There is no 'try'. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) HAN It was the third time they had argued since returning to D'Qar. "Why are you so stubborn?" He asked. "Why are you so persistent?" She replied. "Because the kid's miserable. You had to see that. He didn't want to be there." "It's not about what he wants. It's about what he needs ." "He needs us." She shook her head. "We're not enough." Pain rippled over her face. Han turned, stomped down the corridor, turned back to her. "Why do you keep saying that? You saw how much better things were on Kashyyyk." She smiled. That had been nice. Then the smile faded. "That was a vacation, and it was lovely, but you can't live your whole life like it's a vacation." "Why not?" She sighed. "Because there are bigger issues." There it was again; that hint that there was something else, something under the surface that she wasn't telling him. He didn't like it. "What? WHAT bigger issues? What do you know that you're not telling me? What, in your infinite wisdom, highness, is more important than our child's happiness?" She pressed her lips together, took a deep breath and let it out. Control. She was regaining control. "He has to learn to contain his power. I can't teach him how to do that; you certainly can't." Han winced. "Luke is the only one who can handle this." "But he's not handling it." Han balled his hands into fists. "I want to bring the kid home. Now. Today." "No! We can't risk it! Ending his training, leaving him to his own devices – it's just too dangerous!" " Why? " "Han, you don't realize what's at stake here." "Then tell me ." "You wouldn't understand!" "Then explaaaaaiiiin!" But she didn't. She just stormed out of their quarters, again. FORCE GHOST JEDI COUNCIL "You do realize what we're doing, right?" Mace Windu asked. He, Obi-Wan and Yoda were watching as Qui-Gon sparred with Anakin. Qui-Gon was fighting dirty, flinging insults, trying to rile Anakin up. "Helping him?" Obi-Wan offered, raising his eyebrows. Mace glared. "Sith training. We're doing fracking Sith training." "A bit of an exaggeration, that is," Yoda said, but without his usual confidence. Obi-Wan squirmed. "Well, uh, but we calm him down, too. Get him connected to the light again. That's pure Jedi doctrine. This is what he said he needed – to be able to get angry on command, and calm down on command, in order to get through to the boy." Mace shook his head. He had some strong reservations about intentionally trying to piss off Darth Vader, even if they were doing it for all the right reasons. BEN Ben knew he would pay for the respite on Kashyyyk, and he was right. That very night, he was summoned by Snoke, this time not to the cave but to another Massassi temple, farther down the jungle path. This temple was in far worse condition than the one used by the Jedi academy. It was so overgrown with vines, it was nearly invisible; a portion of the wall had collapsed; debris scattered the passageways as he walked in, and there was something – a lingering feeling of darkness that felt more ancient and powerful than even Snoke. He knelt before the hologram, head bowed. "You called, Supreme Leader?" His voice was defeated. "Yes, boy. Did you have a nice little excursion?" "It was…"he considered carefully…"unavoidable." It was the only time I've been happy in I don't know how long. Snoke glared at him. "Your time away has made you vulnerable; has allowed the light to infiltrate you. Even now, you miss your family ," he made the word sound like the vilest of insults. "You must break your attachment to them. They weaken you." "Yes, Supreme Leader." But I love them. "It is time," Snoke told him, "to begin your true training." Ben gulped. ANAKIN Anakin's spirit had followed Ben down the jungle path, toward a ruined temple that had the familiar reek of a gathering place of the Dark Side. He watched the boy walk in, trembling, and he followed. Snoke – not the hologram version of him that spoke to the boy, but his presence – turned toward Anakin. " You . You must be truly desperate to come here. Your light certainly will not reach him in this place." Anakin responded with an obscene hand gesture. Snoke laughed, and Anakin felt the cold ripples cut through his spirit form. Anakin stayed, witness to the conversation, glaring daggers at Snoke's presence as he tormented his grandson. Then the presence returned its attention to Anakin. It paused, a moment of menacing consideration, then the hologram spoke. "Boy." Ben still knelt before the hologram. "Yes, Supreme Leader?" "I feel a presence here. Your grandfather. Do you feel it?" The dark shield around the boy thinned. Anakin could feel the boy reaching out, searching for him. A thin bit of Force energy made its way to where Anakin was, and the boy gasped. "Yes!" Snoke's lips spread into a leer. "He is here to lend his strength to our venture. To guide you in your training. To help you see the power of the Dark." A switch flipped in Anakin's brain. Of all the low, vile, deceitful… …he was livid, incensed, irate, enraged, fuming. He was seething, boiling rage. He stepped into and through what was left of the dark shield, brushing it aside with ease, noting as he did that he was now looking through a helmet, felt a cape swish behind him. The darkness embraced him, welcomed him back in like a long-lost lamb, and he took a long drink of it, let it fill him with sweet, sweet hatred. Then he noticed the boy, and remembered what he was doing here. "Ben! Listen to me!" The boy turned his face up, up, to look at him, and – those eyes, so wide and adoring, the expression on the boy's face close to some sort of rapture. Love. The boy loved him, and it melted the hatred away. He opened his mouth to speak and… …was violently flung out of the darkness, back to the spirit realm. He looked at the council. "I need some of that serenity shit. Now! " Notes: A short update this time - sort of a transition before the downward spiral picks up speed. Chapter 15 : While the Worst Are Full of Passionate Intensity Summary: I'm so, so sorry Ben. Notes: I wanted to put a note at the beginning, because, after the short bit with the Force Ghosts, this chapter is pretty dark. Not as dark as it's going to get but, well, just a warning (violence/abuse triggers maybe). But you all know what's coming, so… MACE WINDU "Less than ideal, that was." Mace stared at his small green companion. " Less than ideal? That was a colossal frack-up!" "Correct it we must." "No shit. How?" "Know that I do not. Meditate on it I will." Mace huffed. "Great. I'm gonna go help Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon talk this guy down." Mace rubbed his temple. Anakin was going to need a lot of talking down. And he was going to need to stop looking like a cross between himself and Vader. That was damn disconcerting. BEN Training. What different meanings a word could have. Jedi training – structured, friendly, calming. Collaborative. Easy. This other training (he spat the word bitterly in his mind) – it wasn't the fighting part that was so bad. That first night back, when Snoke had handed Ben a training saber and introduced an opponent had just been a prelude to scenarios that grew more and more…what did Snoke call them – challenging . Two opponents, four, eight. And they were all older, larger, better trained, more experienced, and relentless. At first he struggled, was knocked off his feet, onto his back, the opponent with a weapon at his throat, and Snoke was constantly chiding him for his weakness, his ineptitude at something no one had taught him, because this was nothing like sparring at the Jedi Academy, as if he should just know how to handle any and every sort of attack. He went back to the academy with scrapes, cuts, and bruises that he hid under long sleeves. Snoke never let anything progress to the point of fatality, but close. Very close. He had no idea who the opponents were or where Snoke got them, but there were always more. And there were various weapons – training sabers coated with a poison that burned and paralyzed any limb that was unlucky enough to be hit; electroblade training swords that administered a shock that felt like icy fire; gleaming warblades that, even blunted, could leave a gash and a bone-deep bruise; melee weapons and vibroaxes and some things he didn't have a name for; regular weapons, too, knives, blades, blasters. He learned to use a few of them, but mostly just to defend against them. The rules of engagement varied, as well. Sometimes any and all Force powers he had mastered were allowed, sometimes only certain ones; sometimes (these were the nights he went home in the most pain) no Force powers were allowed. Only a few opponents were Force-sensitive, and these not nearly as strong as he was, a fact in which he took a certain pride. Even when Force powers weren't allowed, the Force was in him, part of him and it hummed strong and vibrant through him as he fought, stronger each night, faster, harder, more instinctive than they could ever be, and he embraced it, let it drown him in red, raging power. Eventually, he improved to the point that he almost always won. He felt almost smug about this fact. Despite Snoke's criticisms – he was weak, he was stupid, he was slow– he prevailed . That was the easy part. The hard part was the, well, the lecture portion of the curriculum. Sometimes Snoke simply told him things – that the Empire had tried to instill order in the galaxy; to stabilize things, bring about peace through authority. It all sounded so reasonable, so rational. The Empire made the transports run on time. "You've seen the slums, the homeless, the starving. Entire systems taken over by criminal conglomerates or warlords or madmen or anarchy. Seen them as your mother dragged you along on her 'missions of mercy' – and what did she give them? Some food, some kind words, a blanket – when they needed strength, protection. Those situations didn't occur under the Empire ( Was that true? He didn't know. ) because they stamped out such scum. The Empire created order; your precious Republic, your precious ideals of freedom and personal liberty, allow injustice and inequity to thrive." He had seen these things – the stick-thin mother who tried to sell Leia her baby for 5 portions; the Hutts with their racketeering and extortion; kids his own age, strung out on spice, walking half-naked and starved down streets, selling their bodies for another hit. He had seen these things, and they had affected him. So what was good and what was bad? His mother had always said that freedom mattered above all else, but what kind of freedom was really more important? Freedom to or freedom from ? He needed to work through that, but he never had the chance, because there was the training at night and always the voice during the day, never ceasing, never giving him a break and he wanted to scream SHUT UP but he didn't dare and he was tired so tired so fracking bleeding tired. "Your grandfather asked you to listen to him; you should. He only wanted to instill structure, bring about a lasting peace. He was on the verge of giving that to the galaxy; unending centuries of well-regulated control. Those who didn't want order, true, they had to be eliminated, but it was small price to pay, to be free from want, free from fear." Free from fear. "But your New Republic, they allow the fear and the chaos to reign while they sit in their chambers and around their committee tables and debate the minutia of each action." An echo of words that had come from his mother's mouth: Action delayed and justice denied those who needed it most due to Senate gridlock; corrupt bureaucracy; bills stuck in committee for cycles and cycles; appropriations denied for no reason except that the Senators who held the purse-strings enjoyed denying their colleagues. The things she railed against at the dinner table. "The Empire didn't have to wait on hundreds of life forms, each with only their own personal agendas at heart, to agree before acting. They did what needed to be done, to bring recalcitrant worlds and individuals to heel, to regulate, to standardize, to rule. To control the chaos." Control the chaos. Yes, please. He needed to think. Was that too much to ask, one minute, one fracking minute to fracking think ? Apparently it was. He never had the privacy of his own thoughts, never had the chance to think things through, sort things out, and come to some clarity… Sometimes there were stories – of his grandfather, always the hero of the story, trying to make things better. Stories about history, but never as he had heard them, stories about the Sith, and the Jedi, that situated the two orders in very different ways than he had been familiar with. The contradictions, the dissonance was confusing; so confusing and he was angry, so ANGRY all the time always on the verge of exploding and sometimes he did, throwing things or, much more satisfying, Force-slamming them across a room and he did this during the day never in front of Snoke because he couldn't let him see his lack of control but frack this anger was so STRONG and it had to have an outlet … He came to look forward to the fighting, to look at the night's opponents with glee, ready, so ready to take out his rage on something other than inanimate objects, to feel fear coming from a mind besides his own, to take control of something, to let hate flow through his veins and give him power and suffocate his weakness and make him feel good so good intoxicating liberating sweet relief. It felt so good to win, to overpower, to dominate. He got drunk on it, eyes gleaming in anticipation as he raised his training saber and prepared to inflict pain. It helped make up for the helplessness he felt the rest of the time. Sometimes Snoke made comments, sly and insidious, about his family. "They saw the Darkness in you. They sent you away because they were afraid of you, even though you begged them not to (Mommy I don't want to go don't want to go don't want to goooooo). "Your father could have objected. Insisted your mother bring you home. Why do you think he didn't?" Why did you let me down, dad? Why? Were you afraid of me? Ashamed? "What would people think ? The son of two of the leaders of their precious rebellion, fueled by the same dark power as Darth Vader? Of course they sent you away." Shutupshutupshutup they loved me wanted to help me wanted me to control it and I can't I can't I can't but they loved me I think they did but then why did they abandon me to this? "Control yourself, boy. Manage your emotions." He clenched his teeth and fists and exerted a precarious control. "Your uncle is getting suspicious." "He knows nothing. He's so busy – he barely notices me." "But he suspects ." "No…" "Are you contradicting me, boy ?" An invisible hand slammed Ben's head against the stone floor of the temple, and he saw stars for a few seconds, but he didn't cry out. That would be weak. Putting his hand to his head, he felt something warm and sticky in his hair. It was his own fault. He knew better than to backtalk. "You uncle will need to be dealt with." "Yes, Supreme Leader." "Some simple mind tricks should do, to confuse and distract him. Of course, he is not weak-minded, so it will take skill." "You're going to mind trick him?" " I am not." Ben's shoulders slumped. Oh. "Do you have an objection?" "No, Supreme Leader." His voice was flat, his eyes on the floor. "Good." Then a pause, and he felt that now-familiar spike in his head, only briefly this time, and then laughter, like a cold ripple across his skin. "You hoped he would catch you. You hoped he would save you. That fool can't save you, and hope is for the weak. It must be extinguished." Ben felt something contract around his throat, clawed at fingers that weren't there, gasped as his vision greyed out at the edges. Just when he thought he might black out, the grip relaxed enough that his burning lungs could suck in another breath, then the pressure was back, just barely not-enough to do any permanent damage to his brain. He struggled to remain upright, but it was a losing fight and he collapsed on the dirty stone floor, gasping like a fish out of water, clawing at the nothing that was bruising his windpipe. I will not cry. I will not cry. I will not cry. Only a few tears seeped out of his eyes. When Snoke felt the punishment had been sufficient, he released him, and Ben took great gulps and swallows of air. Snoke stared at him, wheezing on the floor. "Pathetic," he sneered. "Go." Ben stumbled out of the temple, still dizzy, stumbled to his bed, and collapsed without even wiping the blood off his face. Then the dreams came – Force visions, premonitions, whatever they were – so real it was like he was there. He was his grandfather, his hand on the light saber, eliminating the Jedi – it had to be done, yes, even the younglings because the Jedi were evil mad with power they were trying to take over they would have killed the chancellor and he was elected elected and they would just assassinate him and Grandfather stopped that and they had to go all of them…Grandfather had said 'listen to me' and he would he would listen to him because grandfather loved him he had seen it felt it and Snoke didn't but he could help him help him complete what Grandfather had started and make the galaxy safe and secure and control the chaos control the chaos CONTROL THE CHAOS! Chapter 16 : Innocence Summary: Han and Leia almost talk; Luke is overwhelmed; the Force Ghosts have a new idea; tiny!Rey is adorable. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) HAN He found Leia in the command center, bleary-eyed, going through the same intelligence reports she had been poring over for so many cycles. "Leia, it's late. Come home." She shook her head. "I just have a little more to do here." "What more? You've been looking at those same reports, those same charts and maps, over and over again. Do you think they've changed?" She turned weary brown eyes up to look at him. "I feel like I'm missing something. If I could just put the pieces together the right way, I'd find them. Look, see these coordinates, and these, if I line them up just so they almost…I can almost see a path that will lead me to them." "The First Order." It wasn't a question. She had been obsessed with finding their base of operations, a staging area, anything. "Why are you so focused on them? They're not the only neo-imperial group out there." She turned her face up to him, her eyes large. "I'm afraid." "You? Never." Her face crumpled, and tears rolled down her cheeks. "I am, I am, I'm so scared. I feel like something is coming. Something very, very bad. And I need to stop it." He wrapped his arms around her and she leaned against him. "Sweetheart. Why? What's so different about this First Order?" LEIA She thought about telling him. She really, really did. She opened her mouth several times, wanting to let the words, the whole horrifying truth, tumble out. But she just couldn't bring herself to, not after keeping it secret all this time. She was afraid that had been a mistake – maybe he could have helped; done something. She was afraid if she told him now, after so many years, he wouldn't forgive her. So she just leaned against him, her hands clutching his leather jacket, and wept quietly in his arms. BEN It was evening. Only a little light filtered through the jungle canopy. Night sounds were beginning, and mist was rising as the ground cooled. Ben was skulking along the path, toward the forest, toward the temple where he met him . Glancing to his right, he saw a group of younglings practicing levitation, trying to outdo one another, jostling and giggling. A stab of jealousy went through him. One of them, a girl with wispy brown hair, looked directly at him, and smiled. It surprised him. Most of the others avoided him now, avoided even meeting his gaze. But she didn't. She locked eyes with him, and he drew in a breath. It was the girl from the dream, the one in the flower field. She was real, and she was here. What is she doing here? Then he heard a single word. Hi. Sweet and clear, like a chime, in his head. When he didn't respond, she drew her eyebrows together and scowled, but she didn't drop her gaze. He finally dropped his and hurried on down the path, preparing for whatever new horror awaited him tonight. LUKE Luke was overwhelmed. He hadn't realized how much work children were; how much attention they demanded. And there were so many of them. Five new younglings had arrived during the moon's last orbit of Yavin. Word was getting out about the new Jedi Academy, and parents, out of their depth in dealing with their Force-sensitive offspring, were seeking Luke out. It was gratifying, but…he would need to hire another child minder, and maybe get another food preparation droid, and even with some of the older students taking on a few of the simple teaching tasks, he needed to be in too many places at once. Force-sensitive children were just like other children, with all the normal issues – runny noses, personality conflicts, irrational fears, immaturity, lack of self-control – but with an added level of Force-related concerns. The training, the meditation, the Force itself all helped, but it wasn't immediate. And the teenagers – Luke's vague lectures about avoiding attachment didn't seem to be having the desired effect. In addition, there were always logistical issues that required his immediate attention: The makeshift plumbing in the ancient temple failed, leading to a nasty sewage back-up. The freighter bringing their food order for the next lunar cycle was hijacked and he had to scrounge around among the moon's settlers to provide rations for the students. The fifteen year old servers crashed under the burden of all the new droids and holopads, and not even Artoo could get them back up and running efficiently. Seventeen of the younglings came down with the Guavian stomach flu. And then there was his nephew. He had come back from break looking refreshed and rested, but over the past lunar cycle, things had changed. He looked more exhausted than ever; he sometimes slept through class; he was irritable and short-tempered. When he did any academic work, it was below sub-par. For example, when asked to submit an essay explaining the most important factors contributing to the Rebel Alliance's victory on Endor, he had simply written, "Mostly my grandfather". Technically not incorrect, but worrisome from a boy who could argue like a Senator when he was ten. Physical and Force training were even bigger problems, not because he was doing badly, but because he was doing far too well. He sparred like he didn't even have to think about it, defeating even the older students as if they were untrained beginners, and doing so with an air of boredom, as if he were swatting away insects. And sometimes, he seemed to forget that they were sparring , not actually fighting in earnest. When Luke reached out, with words, Ben brushed him off. When he reached out with the Force, he met an impenetrable wall. He had to do something. But every time he started to really take some action, study the holocrons for a real solution, contact Leia or reach out to the Force Ghosts for help, something happened, and he got distracted, confused, almost like something was clouding his thoughts. Ben. Something was wrong with Ben. Yes. That was the most pressing issue. He had to…had to… now what was I doing again? Servers? Fix the servers? Right. I need to go work on the servers. OBI-WAN "Are you back with us?" Anakin nodded. "Good." They were all in a circle – Obi-Wan, Qui-Gon, Mace, Yoda and of course, Anakin, finally looking like Anakin again. Yoda cleared his throat. "Some clarity I have found." They all looked at the tiny green Jedi Master. "Talk to him, you cannot. Action, however, you can take." "Action? How can I take action? I'm a spirit," Anakin said. "But the Force, you can use. Practice, you must, but it is possible." A slow smile spread over Anakin's face. "So, aggressive negotiations?" "Go, practice, learn to do this you must. Quickly." As they left the circle, Mace stopped Obi-Wan. "You do have a back-up plan in place, right?" Obi-Wan nodded, sadness tinging his eyes. REY The back-up plan was standing on a step-stool in the Jedi Academy's kitchen, licking cake batter off a wooden spoon. It was early morning, light streaming in the windows, a soft breeze making the leaves outside flutter. Aila, one of the child-minders, took the spoon and wiped Rey's face with a damp cloth. "There. Wouldn't want you to go to morning meditation with Master Luke with cake batter all over your face." Rey had had another nightmare – 'the one with the rain and the black men and the screaming', she had said when Aila, having heard her shrieks, came to her room, sat on the side of her cot and cuddled her in her arms. The child minders had been taught about Force terrors, and one of their duties was to calm the little ones when they had them. This little one had them more than most. By the time the girl had stopped crying, it was morning, and Aila had carried the child to the kitchen for a glass of Bantha milk, and had let her stay and watch while the cooking droid made cakes for later that day. It had worked; the nightmare was forgotten and Rey was back to her sunny self. Aila tapped Rey's little turned up nose. "Now, off to lessons with ya." Rey giggled, hopped off the stool and scurried away. Notes: Writing the Rey scenes was a relief; they felt like a welcome break from the last chapter. Child-minders: I just figured Luke would have needed help taking care of the non-Jedi-related aspects of tending children. Since we don't know how many students he actually had, I decided to go with quite few. Servers: Do they have servers to run all those holoscreens and droids and stuff? They must, right? And, yeah, I had to come up with some reasons Luke is missing such an obvious problem. So, being overwhelmed with his academy and Ben being made to mind trick him (I know Luke is not at all weak-minded, just that Ben is stronger, and is very motivated to make it work because the alternative is worse) - because otherwise how could he miss this? Really? How? Thanks for reading and thanks especially to those of you who have left kudos and commented; comments make me happy. :) Chapter 17 : The Centre Cannot Hold Summary: Ben's inevitable slide accelerates; the Force Ghosts make a plan. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) BEN He knelt before his Master, presented him with the light saber he had been tasked with building. He wasn't ready yet, and it was – not perfect. It was unstable, dangerous looking, the cracked crystal making it hiss and crackle. Ben felt it was somehow fitting. That voice that made the hairs on the back of his neck stand up spoke. "It is adequate. Now that you have your weapon, you will use it for all future training." He was kneeling, holding the hilt of the light saber; he gave a nod. An opponent stepped from the shadows. Only one. That was odd. There had not been fewer than six in the weeks before the light saber. Ben rose, crouched, waiting for the attack, waiting for whatever else hung in the air. The opponent advanced, swung an electroblade out. "Oh." Snoke spoke in a casual, off-hand tone. Oh, by the way… "From now on, there is only one way to win." Ben kept his voice, his face, impassive. "How?" What passed for a smile spread across Snoke's face. "A fatal blow." This time, Ben's voice was edged with panic. "But. W-what if I don't…" want to? Can't? "Then you will be the one to die." That's not fair! His brain screamed. No one cared. The opponent attacked, then, vicious and unforgiving. Ben engaged, swinging, dodging blows, parrying and blocking, dancing around the room, exhausting himself, trying to think of outs - and slowly coming to the realization that he only had two choices; then narrowing that. He only had one choice. He didn't want to die that night. And he had chosen ( chosen?) the Dark side. Why should this be a surprise? Something shifted – the Dark power, gathering, coiling, strengthening. This was not fair, not fair at all. He fed on that feeling – the unjustness of it all, fed his hatred with the venom of how underhanded this had been, of how Snoke had tricked him, again . He didn't want to kill this stranger – why would he - but he didn't want to die more, and who was this opponent, anyway, who was so stupid to volunteer for this duel? Whomever he was, he seemed to have no problem with the idea of killing Ben. Ben could feel the murderous intent radiating off him; could read his thoughts – that he would enjoy dispatching this untested boy, would laugh about it tomorrow - and then real rage filled him. Who was this man – this ordinary man, unconnected to the Force, relying on his bulk and his simple skill with his weapon - to think he could laugh at someone with the kind of power Ben had? He felt it, the power, flowing through him, stronger and darker than usual – not just red now, but black and solid and strong. Intoxicating. Mind-altering. Ben reached for it, connected to it, and intensified his efforts, really fighting for the first time that night, swinging and twirling his new weapon with a speed and skill he hadn't known he had, and within minutes, the hissing red light saber plunged into his opponent's throat, and the man fell. Nausea curled in Ben's gut, but he fought it back, his face contorting with the effort. The horrifying smile on Snoke's face grew. "Good, good. We will continue thus until your reaction does not betray your weakness." Snoke rubbed his hands together, considered. "Your performance was acceptable. Henceforth, you will have a new name. This will help you destroy the weak, foolish boy Ben Solo." As it turned out, Ben Solo – or at least most of him – did die that night, and Kylo Ren was born. LEIA She awoke from a sound sleep, screaming, curled in a ball, clutching her abdomen. Han reached over, touched her, tried to calm her. "Is it another nightmare?" She just shook her head, heart pounding, breath coming in short gasps. "It hurts; it hurts ," she whimpered. "Hurts like…cramping, like…" She was crying, sweating. Like something is ripping my uterus out. "Please. Make it stop. Han bundled her in his arms and ran all the way to the medbay. The medical droids couldn't find anything physically wrong, but it took her three days to recover. KYLO REN "It is time for you to take your rightful place, among my most elite warriors. The Knights of Ren." "Knights of Ren." He echoed, voice flat. "It is an honor I bestow on very few." "An honor. And I am to be a member of this Knights of Ren?" "A member? Boy, you underestimate yourself. You are to be their leader." "Leader. And how does one become their leader?" He doubted it would be through a free and fair election. "Why, by eliminating the current leader, of course." "Killing him, you mean." Of course. "And the other Knights? They will be…" "Resistant. No match for you, I'm sure. And once the deed is done, they will readily transfer their loyalty to you; they revere strength. " He nodded. "As you say." "When you have completed this task, bring your Knights here. I have another task awaiting you; an important one." He bowed his head in acknowledgement and left the chamber. Halfway down the path, he ignited his light saber, slashing at the trees around him, lopping off branches, hacking into gnarled trunks, leaving burning gashes and scars, giving vent to his tightly contained frustration and rage. He had thought, if only he could get through the training, if only he could get past the opponents, if only he could crush his humanity enough to make it through the next trial, he would finally have…what? Certainly not peace. Power? Control? But he saw now that there would always be one more task, more heinous than the last, more soul-crushing. He shouted in wordless rage as he destroyed the vegetation, getting little satisfaction out of it but at the same time, feeling incapable of stopping. MACE WINDU "Something is coming." They all looked at him. He was seeing something, something they could not. It was one of Mace's unique abilities. Mace had his eyes closed, brow furrowed. He saw wind and rain and darkness – the darkness of night and the darkness of the Dark side. He saw jungle. Mace didn't care for the jungle. He saw bodies littering the ground. He saw a group of men in black masks. The one leading them, swinging a crackling red light saber, recognizable by his Force presence despite his mask, was Anakin's grandson. He was the shatterpoint, Force help them all. And this event, whatever was coming, was as well. It was their last chance to impact the boy; there would not be another. "What see you?" Yoda prompted. Mace shook his head, looked pained, and described what he had seen. "Suffering. Fear. Death. So much death. An attack of some sort. It's vague. Shadowy. The future is always in motion, as Master Yoda has said, and this, this especially, is clouded by the Dark side." He looked up. "This I know: We can't stop it; it's inevitable. But we can influence the destinies of individuals." Mace's eyes bored into Anakin's. "Your grandson." Anakin nodded, looked at them all. "Tell me what I need to do." Mace strained harder, focused, searched the Force. "Everything revolves around him. This could break him; extinguish the light in him altogether, and if that happens…there is no hope. For anyone. Stop that from happening . That is your task." Mace dropped his head, drained. ANAKIN "Can you find him?" Obi-Wan asked Anakin, voice too gentle. Anakin felt out through the Force, searching, searching…finding. Confusion flickered over his features. "He's still on Yavin 4. At the Jedi Academy. Are you sure this attack is tonight?" He asked Mace. Mace gave a single definitive nod. "Tonight. Now ." "But there's nothing on Yavin 4 to attack. Just a few scattered settlements and…" Something twisted inside Anakin, a cold dread seeping into his consciousness. Oh no. Oh please no. Notes: Mace's ability is based on the book 'Shatterpoint', which is considered part of 'Legends' now, I guess, but his having this ability doesn't contradict anything from the movies that I can remember, so I decided it would be okay, and I like it – I mean, it's a novel about Mace Windu heavily influenced by 'Heart of Darkness', one of my favorite Senior English Lit class books. ;) Gah, this chapter was hard to write and I'm still not one hundred percent happy with it, but it's here, and as done as I can make it. Thanks to all who have read, left kudos and commented. I appreciate it so much. Chapter 18 : Darkness Drops Summary: "…one boy, an apprentice, turned against him and destroyed it all." So, this chapter. Ugh. It hurt to write it. Do I even need to warn you? Well, be warned, it's dark, it's violent – but not nearly as bad as it could be. This is the low point. I'm still not totally satisfied with it, and I don't think I ever will be. But this is it. The next chapter will be dark and sad, too, but then there's a shift, and there's hope. I promise. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) KYLO REN Five of the older padawans stood in front of the temple; two Togrutan, three human. Four older than him, one his own age. He refused to think their names. They had sensed something – of course they had – and had come out to investigate. The three oldest had light sabers; the two younger had training sabers. "Who are you? What are you doing here?" The oldest Togrutan asked, voice shaking a little beneath the confrontational tone. There was a long silence. Finally, he realized – he was the leader; they were all waiting for him to speak. He sucked in a breath, let it out. "We are the Knights of Ren." "And what is that?" The Togrutan asked. "I've never heard of it." One of the men behind him – the one who seemed to consider himself Kylo's de facto second-in-command – responded, his tone taunting. "Jedi killers." The five students appeared to all inhale and step back in unison, but they didn't run. After the initial shock, they held their ground. The man who had spoken nudged his young leader. "We await your order to engage. Sir ." The 'sir' was heavily sarcastic, almost insubordinate. The man had picked up on his hesitation, his fear, and was testing him. He could not let that go; he would have to remind them to fear his power. He glared at the man; spat the vilest Hutt curse word he knew at him, then let his anger (at everything) flare, directed it at the man and Force-slammed him across the clearing and into a tree, not hard enough to do any damage, but hard enough that it would be memorable. He looked at the others. "Does anyone else want a demonstration of the power of the Dark Side?" he snarled at the rest of the Knights. No one did. The padawans were just standing there, staring, waiting, tense, watching the in-fighting play out, gasping at the realization that they were not just up against people and weapons, but also the Dark side that they had heard so much about. He looked at them. He felt their fear, smelled it, tasted it. It tasted like metal. He felt the Knights behind him, waiting, straining to pounce, eager for blood. The standoff stretched, the tension mounting; he knew it was only a matter of time until it snapped. There was no point putting it off. They had to be…they were Jedi, and the Jedi must go. It was the first step toward the final goal: Finish what grandfather started. He did not hate the padawans, but he had plenty of hate, for plenty of other things, to draw upon. So he did. He took a step forward, addressed them. "Well, are you going to fight? Or do I have to cut you down in cold blood?" Please fight. Please, please fight. Then at least… They raised their weapons; he ignited his light saber, waved it, and the Knights surged forward. REY Rey was having the dream again. She heard the rain lashing against the building, the wind howling, the thunder crashing overhead, so close it shook the bed. She heard the screams. Thrashing in the blankets, she was suddenly jerked awake by an especially strong clap of thunder, directly overhead. She sat up, looked around, listened. Relief flooded through her. It wasn't the dream. It was a real storm. Lightning flashed outside the window and rain slapped against the walls. She sank back onto the mattress. Just a storm. Nothing to be afraid of. Then she heard a scream. She clutched the blanket to her chin. There was shouting, closer this time, just outside the window, scuffling, and another scream that made the hairs on her neck prickle. She made herself as small as possible and scrunched into the corner, where the bed met the wall. She wanted her mother, but… Mum isn't here. She's far away, back home, in her room with the blue and white quilt. Rey squeezed her eyes closed and wished, wished hard and she was there, too, and Mum was holding her, crooning a wordless song. Mum smelled like those juicy yellow fruits that grew outside her bedroom window. A vase of wildflowers sat on the bedside table. Rey inhaled the scent of the flowers and of Mum and rocked herself back and forth. She would stay there, where it was safe and warm, she would, she could ; she wasn't really here she was in Mum's room and the quilt was soft and faded and Mum's voice was so high and sweet and she was safe… The illusion faded. A tear rolled down Rey's cheek. She was shivering in her bed at the Jedi Academy and people were screaming in the courtyard, closer now, and it was raining so hard and she knew the men in black were here, just outside and they were coming for her even though she didn't know why. She scrubbed at her eyes and nose, wiping away tears and snot. She was, somehow, living her own nightmare, and she had to get away. She crept out of bed, slipped on a pair of soft, flexible boots, stood at the door and listened, felt to be sure no one was in the hallway. Slowly, so slowly, and silently she eased the door open a tiny crack and peeked out. The corridor was dark and silent. She slid the door wider, bit by bit, until there was just room for her to slip out. She placed one tiny foot into the hallway, then another, walking on her tiptoes. She glided silently down the corridor, pressed to the wall. In her mind was a map of the temple – one of the first tasks for the younglings – memorize the layout of the temple. She could see it, as if she was looking at it from overhead, all the interconnected passageways and rooms. She crept along, closer and closer to an exit, heart pounding. She stepped out, back still pressed against the stone of the temple, and the rain pelted her, soaking her to the skin instantly, making it hard to see. The men in black were there, in the clearing, and other people – bigger students – fighting back as best they could. She watched in horror as one of the men swung a heavy mace crackling with electricity at one of them, saw it connect with a head, saw the student fall. Rey squeezed her eyes closed, tears leaking out unnoticed, and cringed against the stone wall. She knew there was a path just across the clearing that led to a settlement, to people, and if she could just get there… She took a breath and darted out, across the clearing, fast, so fast, feet slipping in the mud and there were people lying in the mud not moving not moving… Don't think about it! Just run! The path is right there… And then someone was in front of her, blocking her way. A teenager, trying to defend himself, stumbling into her. Rey backed away, fell, scrambled back on her hands, slipping in the mud and now the scream she heard was her own. Then a flash of red, crackling and sizzling, impaled the figure above her. Then he was advancing toward her, and she scrabbled toward the path, half crawling, half walking, but he was bearing down on her and she would never make it, she would never make it! The rain seemed to slacken and she saw that she was under trees, she was in the path, and the man was standing over her, blocking her view of the other men in black. He was holding the light saber, rain hissing off it, but he made no move to swing it. KYLO REN /BEN He stared at the little girl – how old was she? Five, six, maybe? The only good dream he had ever had. He had to shout to be heard over the rain, through the mask. His voice was harsh. "Run. Fast." There was a threat implicit in the command: So I don't get you. And also a plea: So I don't have to get you . Rey blinked once, turned, and ran. ANAKIN "We can't go in with you," Obi-Wan said. The darkness around the Jedi Academy was thick, palpable. They couldn't get through it. Anakin had to go alone. He looked at the others, gaining strength from each of them – his undeserved steadfast friends. "I can do this." Mace touched his arm. "Remember, step into the edge of the darkness, but then pull back. Don't let it consume you." Anakin took a step forward. Looked back at Mace. "Are you sure? Are you sure we can't stop it?" Mace shook his head, radiating regret. "If you try, you'll fail altogether. Keep your focus on your target. And may the Force be with you." Anakin nodded, stepped forward, and was engulfed by the Darkness. He felt it swirling around him, tendrils working their way into his mind. He allowed himself to take a single long taste of the darkness; he drank it in, savored it, and let it out. He would not be distracted. He looked around at his surroundings. Chaos. People running, screaming. A man in black – not Ben – swung a mace at…someone small… Oh, no. Not this. Anything but this. Please… Why this? Why did it have to be this, again? Why, of all the things, of all the horrors, why this? A face swam into his head – tiny, with yellow hair . "Master Skywalker, there are too many of them. What are we going to do?" He knew. Because of him. He was, at least partially, the reason it was this. Just like Coruscant. A repetition, an initiation, an imitation. A vile, dirty trick. He clenched his fists. No. He would not let this go any further. He saw a flickering red light just inside the temple and made his way purposefully in that direction. His grandson was standing over a girl two heads shorter than him. She was unarmed, clutching a data pad in both hands in front of her like a shield. Her feet were braced, her expression one of stark terror. A dozen or so smaller shadows moved behind her. The boy took a step forward, spun the saber behind his back. A scream filled Anakin's mind. No. No no no no no no! He held a hand out toward his grandson, summoned all the Force power he could in his spirit form, directed it, and watched as the boy slumped to the stone floor like a sack of wet sand. The girl stood frozen for a beat, unbelieving, then herded the younglings away, out of the temple. "Go, GO!" With a wave of his hand, Anakin Force-pushed his grandson into a hidden alcove. You'll thank me for this later, dumbass, he thought, pain and regret twisting in him. Like when you don't see their little faces and their little bodies in your nightmares. Every. Single. Night. Forever. He stared down at the boy – no longer a boy, really, a man, in a shining black helmet. A wave of sadness threatened to drown him, but he pushed it away. He had done something. Not enough, not nearly enough. They would still die, all of them, again. All he had been able to do was minimize the blood on his grandson's hands – for the time being. The boy was firmly in the grasp of the darkness, Anakin could see it – but he could also see the light that remained, that would have been blotted out, maybe completely, if he hadn't intervened. He gathered what strength he had left. There was one more thing he could do. Luke. He found him, in the communications room with Artoo, sending a panicked distress signal. The room had a heavy durasteel door. If it was closed and locked, no one could get in or out, and it would take a good deal of time and effort for Luke to cut through it with his light saber; it would hold him for long enough. Anakin summoned the Force and slammed the door to the room. slammed the lock to with the last bit of energy he had, then felt himself fading, drifting back across the barrier to the spirit world. Had it been enough? He didn't know. KYLO REN He sat up. It felt like someone had hit him in the back of the head with a boulder. He was groggy, like when he woke up during the wrong stage of sleep. It took him a few minutes to get his bearings; all around him was dark and silent. He tried to rub the back of his throbbing head but couldn't because of the mask. He reached up, removed it, touched the aching spot gingerly, expecting to feel blood or at least a painful knot. But there was nothing. But someone, or something, had hit him. Not one of the Knights. If it had been one of them, he would be dead now. His brain didn't seem to be working as quickly as it should. He shook his head, trying to clear the cobwebs, trying to remember… The clearing. The rain. The Togrutan, the two humans. His classmates. Barely a fight. He had killed them. He shuddered, fighting the sick feeling in his gut. The other Togrutan and the youngest human, cut down by the Knights. Others, disturbed by the noise, running out of the temple. The little girl, the one from his dream– she got away. Yes. A flood of relief. She got away, she got away. The Knights cutting a swath through the others, ruthless, rapid. The oldest Knight, nudging him. Reminding him of his mission. Running into the temple. The adolescent girl, unarmed, face ashen under the warm brown of her skin, shielding the younglings. One of them clinging to her robes with a tiny hand. His light saber, crackling, raised, poised to strike… Then oblivion. Who hit me? For a second, he felt something – a memory of a presence. Grandfather? I will listen to you. I will. Just show me…please… No answer. Nothing. Silence. Silence everywhere. The Academy had always been a riot of Force presences, swirling and mixing together, swooping and looping around in countless combinations, a kind of background noise that became so normal it went unnoticed. Now there was nothing. An absence that roared in his head. It was over. It was over; it had happened but, other than that initial assault, he hadn't done it. Of this he was certain. He couldn't let the Knights know that. Or (he shivered) Snoke. Of that he was even more certain. He dragged himself to his feet, put the helmet back on, stumbled out of the alcove, and walked outside, oblivious to the rain. The muddy ground was littered with bodies. The Knights stood in a tight formation in the clearing. Did they know? He reached out, sampling their thoughts – no. They had been swept up in the chaos, the fog of war, they had only known what they were doing in the moment. He grimaced – images of fleeing younglings hitting the ground; one of the Knights going through the temple, kicking in doors, blood seeping onto sheets and mattresses… He was shaking, hyperventilating, his knees threatening to buckle. Get a fracking grip . Kylo Ren would not stumble around like a spice addict coming off a three-day bender. He drew in a breath, and with it, a current of darkness. He stood taller, affected a menacing air, and stalked across the clearing, looking neither left nor right. The Knights stood, expectant, as he approached. When he was close enough to be heard, he said, flatly, "It is done." "Did you find Skywalker?" The second-in-command Knight asked. Kylo Ren clenched his fists. Luke. Yes. That was why he had been going into the temple. To find Luke. To kill him. He had not. And apparently they had not either. So where was his uncle? He focused, searched – Luke was alive. He was ( glad?). Ben ( no, I'm not Ben anymore ) felt his uncle recognize him, and then he felt fury and horror and disgust and grief, and a question: Ben, what have you done? WHAT HAVE YOU DONE? He blocked his uncle out. I didn't… But I did, too. My fault. Still my fault. There was no going back; there was only going forward. The Knights were still staring at him, waiting for an answer. He shook his head. He needed an excuse. "He ran. Like the coward that he is. But we will find him. Come. The Supreme Leader will want a report." He led his men ( 'his men' who would gladly kill him at the first opportunity… ) away, toward the ship he had waiting, toward a rendezvous with a First Order Star Destroyer. Toward his destiny. The Knights piled into the ship, jostling, bragging, even giving an occasional harsh laugh. "Shut. Up." He snapped. He held out a hand and applied just enough pressure to their throats to make his point. "Or I will shut you up." They stilled, and quiet filled the ship. Yes. That was better. He tapped a few controls, prepared the craft for takeoff. He used the checklist. Fuel – both; mixture – rich; throttle – slight. Prime. Master switch on. It was calming; it helped him regain some sort of focus. As they zoomed into hyperspace, he pushed away the fog that lingered in his brain, and determined to do something he had never dared - find a way to truly and completely deceive his master. Notes: I'm exhausted and glad to have this chapter behind me. I hope I did justice to this. I felt compelled to write this, and I'm glad I did, but it hurt, it really did. I wanted there to be hope, and I wanted Anakin to finally make an impact, but I also felt that our boy couldn't come through this without truly falling - just not as far as he might have without Anakin's intervention. After all, he does spend the next 15-ish years becoming the Kylo Ren we meet at the beginning of TFA. Thanks to all who have read, left kudos and especially commented. I appreciate it so much. Chapter 19 : Unmerciful Disaster Summary: This is another dark and disturbing and violent chapter, so be warned. This is the low point, I promise. Things get better, and the next chapter will have a different tone. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) LEIA A disturbance in the Force could be explained as a ripple – the kind created when a stone was dropped into a still pond, ripples moving out from it in circles, disturbing the calm surface of the water. It was not a ripple that woke Leia. It was a hurricane. Seconds later, the emergency commlink started beeping; when she heard Luke's message, the panic, the terror in it, in conjunction with the hurricane in her mind, she leapt out of bed, adrenaline pumping. Luke's message was short; they were being attacked, he didn't know why or by whom, but they needed help. Attacked? The Jedi Academy? Then: Ben. Was he in danger? Hurt? (Worse?) Fear coursed through her, and an undercurrent of dread she couldn't (didn't want to?) acknowledge. It was only due to the countless drills and simulations that she was able to function. She threw on a jacket, pants, shoes, and ran out of her living quarters toward the command center, Han behind her. She was in the command center seconds after the signal came through, hand flipping the switch that set everything in motion – pilots to X-Wings, soldiers to transports, all systems go, all personnel to battle stations. She did it all automatically, from the sense memory created by repetition. It was a good thing, too, because the hurricane was still crashing through her mind, and each wave seemed to be screaming, louder and louder, Ben, Ben, Ben . Once all was in motion, she turned over the command center to Admiral Statura and she and Han boarded the transport. Whatever had happened, she should be there personally for Luke – and more importantly, she needed to find her son. LUKE He had just sent the distress signal when he heard the door slam behind him. It was an old-style manual door – no key pad. He grabbed the handle, but it was locked. He tried to open it with the Force, but even that didn't work. Why would they lock him in? Why not kill him? So he would have to live with it? So he would have to know, have to forever know he should have been out there, know that this was his fault? By the time he managed to hack through the durasteel door with his lightsaber, it was over. He knew what had happened; he could feel it; the silent emptiness. He stumbled out of the temple, into the courtyard, Artoo following. What he saw left him sick, gutted him. Fire, coming from somewhere in the temple. Bodies, everywhere, small, helpless, still. He collapsed to his knees, leaned on Artoo and wept. Ben. He had felt him, so briefly, had known the truth in that single instant. How could he? I should have known. I should have stopped it, oh so long ago. How could I have been so blind? He had failed, and they had died, all of them. He had failed them, and he had failed his nephew… And now – new horror – who had he called for help? The Resistance. Leia. Han. He couldn't, he couldn't face her. She had trusted him to save her son from the Dark side, and instead he might as well have offered the boy up to Snoke like a gift. He had to go, had to leave. Maybe it was the cowardly choice, but he couldn't face any other. He left a final message with Artoo, told his trusty droid goodbye and took off in a non-descript ship. KYLO REN Norin. Tyfa. Kel. Norin. Tyfa. Kel. Norin. Tyfa. Kel. Norin. Tyfa. Kel. Those were their names. The names of his three classmates that he had personally killed. They kept running through his head in an endless loop. Nothing he did could make it stop. The rest of the Knights were sleeping. Sleeping . But not him. He was being driven slowly mad by NorinTyfaKel. He deserved it, of course, and much worse. But so did the others, and they were sleeping. They felt no guilt, no remorse. He did. Because he was weak, and the light still called to him. This hadn't extinguished it, as it should have. He knew why. Because he had not actually fulfilled the mission the Supreme Leader set for him: 'The Jedi must go; that was what your grandfather started with; you must finish what he started. In this way, you will fully embrace the power of the Dark Side, as he did.' Who hit me? I should kill them. Norin. Tyfa. Kel. How many more names would be running through my brain if whomever-it-was hadn't knocked me cold? Who hit me? I should thank them . Norin. Tyfa. Kel. He scrubbed his hands over his face. Perhaps if he acknowledged them, somehow. Norin. I've never been more proud than when I actually won a sparring match with you when I was eleven and you were fourteen. You were strong and brave and fearless – and a bit of a dick sometimes, but that was just you. Tyfa: You always let me borrow the charger for your datapad, because I kept breaking mine, that first year. Also you let me copy your notes from history class. Thank you. Kel: You were one of those rare people who was popular because you were truly nice. You radiated light, but never judged anyone. You liked me. You actually liked me. Norin, Tyfa, Kel: I'm sorry. Luke: I'm sorry. Everyone: I'm sorry. Not enough. There would never be enough sorry. He frowned. That was Ben Solo speaking. Shut up, you weak little fool. And the others slept. How? He had seen their thoughts, what they did – they were not sorry. Guilt, remorse, comapassion. Weaknesses they did not have. That led him back to a more pressing issue: how to hide it. How to hide the remorse that was eating at him; how to hide the fact that he had not fully carried out his mission. How to hide the flicker of light that was still there. He remembered the feeling of that spike, invading his mind. Fear – of the pain, the intrusion – made him sick to his stomach. How to keep it out? He had stopped trying, so long ago, because it just made it hurt more. But now – it was imperative. Now, he was more afraid of what Snoke would do to him – or make him do (D'Qar; Mother; Father…) – if he found out the truth; if he saw the light that still pulled at him. Use the fear. It is the power of the Dark side. He let his fear motivate him, let it take over, let it flow through his veins, dark and cold but also burning. Burning, consuming, cold fear and dread. It didn't give him the same intoxicating rush that anger did, but it felt darker, in a way, and deeper, and stronger. A plan. The Knights' memories. He had seen them, as if they were his own. He could make them his own. He did not like to dwell on them, but he made himself, made himself take in the worst images from each of their minds, mixed them in with his own memories of Norin, Tyfa and Kel, of his lightsaber slicing through them. Walking into the temple, surprised to see the group of younglings, raising his lightsaber…he ran these thoughts over and over in his mind. He imagined himself stalking down the hallway, kicking in doors as one of the Knights had done, and at the end of the hall was a nondescript door, a storage closet – nothing there. He opened the door and hid the truth there: S omeone hit me; I was unconscious for most of it; I let Luke get away. And the girl. Guilt, remorse, compassion, pathetic, sorry, sorry, sorry. The light, buried but not extinguished . He closed the door on the truth; an uninteresting door not worth opening. He used the Force, used his fear, to make this true. A sort of reverse-mind-trick to block out any interest. Look in these other rooms, at the blood, at the terror, at what I did – at what you want to see. Because that's the truth, too. I did do this; it is my fault. It would work. It had to work. LEIA When they arrived, Artoo was waiting, panicked (if a droid could panic), beeping and rocking wildly. He had stopped them, Leia and Han, hadn't let them off the transport, had shown them the final holo Luke had left, the one that told them everything. The one that shattered her heart. She had fallen to her knees, shaking, weeping, Han catching her – or maybe she caught him. Her blood like ice in her veins, her stomach twisting. Every fear she had ever had, every nightmare – they couldn't compare to this. Watching Alderaan explode? Torture at the hands of the Empire? She'd endure that every day for the rest of her life instead of this. Instead of this. Instead of this. She stumbled down the ramp, pushing away hands trying to stop her. She had to know . When people heard the word massacre, they had a certain image of what was meant. It couldn't possibly compare to what it was. There were bodies, yes, but not just lying there looking like they were sleeping. There were open eyes, glazed and unblinking. There was blood, so much blood. There were parts. There were burns, searing soft skin. Lightsaber burns. How did he even have one? She realized what a pointless irrelevant question that was. It quickly became obvious that this was not a rescue mission; it was a recovery mission. There seemed to be no survivors. Just… Fear. For so long she had been afraid for her son. Now, she was afraid of him. What had he become? Why didn't someone stop him? She didn't know if she thought it or said it or screamed it. Then , Stop him? How? Kill him? She buried her face in her hands. She couldn't; she just couldn't wish someone had killed him. I should , she thought. But I can't. She squeezed her eyes shut, stumbled to the edge of the jungle, and lost the contents of her stomach. ANAKIN Anakin was little more than roiling emotion at the moment. It took all the serenity the others could muster, fed to him through the Force, to keep him with them. He had tried to get through to the boy once he woke up, but the darkness was stronger, and the boy was on a ship, following his master's orders, and he couldn't reach him. He had tried to reach Luke; he had intended to explain everything to him, but Luke was just gone. Gone physically, and gone in the Force. Not dead, but hiding himself. Leia, as always, couldn't see him at all. Finally, Obi-Wan asked, softly, "What happened?" "He – Snoke - was going to…to have him…the padawans. The younglings." Anguish swept his features; he couldn't say it. He let them see a visual that made them all cringe: Coruscant. His eyes glowing with a dark fervor. A room with a yellow-and-red medallion on the floor. Younglings hiding behind chairs. The flash of a blue lightsaber. Yoda and Obi-Wan flinched; they had seen this before. Then the vision shifted: Ben. The girl with the datapad and the younglings behind her. "That was what he was going to make him do. Because of me. Because I did that; so he would be like me." A harsh, disgusted sound caught in his throat. "I stopped him, mostly. I knocked him out. They still killed them all, but he didn't. He didn't. I stopped him. Was it enough?" He looked into all their faces – Obi-Wan, Qui-Gon, Mace, Yoda. He lingered on Yoda, pleading. "Was it enough?" Yoda was silent for so long, Anakin thought he might not answer. Finally, though, he did. "Enough it was. Yes. To stop all the suffering? No. For the light to win in the end? Yes." "What now?" Anakin whispered. "Now we wait," Mace said. "Obi-Wan does some stealth babysitting on Jakku. I watch for a shatterpoint. And then?" He looked at them all, fierce and certain. "Then we set things right." LEIA Numb. She was numb. She had only two choices: break into a million little pieces or shut down her feelings. She chose to shut them down. Someone had led her back into the transport, given her a cold cloth to wipe her face with. Told her to stay there. Han – he was sitting beside her, silent, eyes staring into nothing. When people spoke to him he didn't respond. Finally he retreated deeper into the ship. She stayed where she was. People kept checking on her. Being nice, being kind. She wished they would stop. When they were kind, she could feel the tears threatening again. She didn't deserve their kindness. The day stretched on; time seemed to cease to exist. It had been mere moments since they arrived; it had been forever, and it would go on like this forever. Finally, something happened that started time again. One of the settlers – an old, dear friend - walked up the ramp, pushed into the transport, insistent he had to speak to the General and no one else. Urgent, please . Someone – being nice – tried to stop him, but Leia stood up, a ghost of her former self, waved him in with a trembling hand, took him into a small private cubicle and closed the door. "Kes." She said, voice strained. "Ma'am. We've found a survivor." Leia looked at Kes Dameron, eyes dull, unbelieving. It seemed impossible. "Luke?" "No ma'am." He pulled a blanket away from a bundle she hadn't even noticed he had in his arms. "A little girl." Kes approached. "My s…" He stopped. He couldn't say the word 'son' to her. "Poe heard crying and found her hiding in a storage building. She's about six, I think." The child he was carrying was a very small girl with wispy brown hair pulled back off her face in three little rolls. Several strands had escaped. Her face was smeared with dirt and blood, her clothes were muddy and she was missing a shoe. Her breathing was shallow and she was far too pale. However, it was her eyes that Leia stared at. Those eyes – intense, with green and blue and amber flecks - she had seen them in her dream. They made her feel like there was still, maybe, the tiniest bit of hope left in the galaxy. "She appears to be in shock," Kes said. Leia blinked. "Of course she is." "I thought you needed to know. You can search the records, find her family and get her home as soon as…" " NO . We'll get her medically stabilized, clean her up right here, just us. Then I want you to take her as far away from here as possible. Let Poe do the flying; don't trust anybody else." Kes shook his head, frowned. "I don't understand – you don't want to return her to her parents?" Leia clenched her hand into a fist, sucked in a breath. "She goes home, she dies. Take her as far as you can, somewhere no one will ever think to look. And never tell anyone where that place is." "Not even you?" Her lips formed a thin line. "Not even me." Notes: ccording to the book Before the Awakening, Kes Dameron and his wife Shara Bey settled on Yavin 4 when Poe was little. Shara died, but Kes and Poe continued to live there. So, here they are, just a bit. Okay, so thanks for going through that with me. It was painful, and again, I hope I did it justice. Having Leia there was cruel, I know, but who would Luke call if he was being attacked (before he knew the whole story)? Who helps? The Resistance. And I needed her there to see Rey, to see just a flicker of hope. The next chapter will be a relief after all this. Thanks as always to everyone who has read, left kudos and commented. Comments make me happy, and I could use some cheering up after writing this. :) Chapter 20 : Turning Summary: Rey gives Leia hope; young Hux meets the reason he'll have a headache for the next 15 years. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) REY Someone was washing her face with a warm cloth. It felt nice; soft hands and a warm presence. Her eyes fluttered open. She was looking up at a woman's face; the bright light in the ceiling made a halo around her and left her face in shadow. "Mum?" "No, sweetheart. I'm not your mum." The woman leaned down and her features became visible; brown hair coiled in a braid, pink lips set in a way that made Rey think the woman was trying not to cry, soft, sad brown eyes. "Where am I?" Rey asked. The last thing she remembered was her nightmare. "Shhhh. You're safe." The woman smiled down at her – such a sad smile - then reached for a medpac and took a long thin cylinder out. Rey felt a sharp sting on her arm, and then a feeling of sweet peace seeping through her veins. "Shhhh. Go back to sleep. It was just a dream." "…just a dream." She repeated. She was drifting, looking into brown eyes that made her feel warm and safe and at home. Familiar eyes… Rey let out a little gasp. She had to tell her. She struggled against the pull of the sedative and the suggestion, reached a hand up to touch the woman's cheek. "No. Wait." Words came slowly. "He saved me." Just a whisper. The woman stilled. "What?" "The boy. The one with the black hair. I…it was him…" A masked figure but she was sure. Grasping for words and thoughts through the haze of the drug. "H…he let me go. Hid me from the other ones." She was slipping. "S-saved me." Something flickered over the woman's features, then she took a deep breath and rubbed a cool hand gently across Rey's forehead and said, again, "Shhh. It was a dream. It was just a dream." "Jus' a dream," Rey repeated, words slurring, as she floated away on a cloud of narcotic euphoria. KYLO REN It had worked. Unbelievably, it had worked. Snoke had been – not disappointed. Almost pleased. Angry that Luke had escaped, yes, but appeased by Kylo's apparent fervor to hunt him down. The secret door had remained uninvestigated, had attracted no notice. The rest of the Knights had been dispatched to do whatever it was they did – terrorize the galaxy, recruit others to their cause, hunt down unsuspecting Force-sensitives – he didn't know or care. He was simply glad to be rid of their company. A Stormtrooper had led him to the Officers' Quarters, where he was assigned a room with a cot, a footlocker, a small table and chair. Very neat, very orderly, very sleek. He was to remain on this capitol ship and train with the officers of the First Order for the time being; he determined to throw himself into this task with vigor and commitment. He would prove his loyalty to the First Order, his devotion to the Dark side. There's n o going back; only going forward. He would embrace it, let it fill him with power and certainty and burn away the weakness that held him back, and the light that flickered behind that secret door would surely fade away. And if it didn't, no one would know. HUX It was supposed to be his ship. The Finalizer . A Resurgent-class Star Destroyer being built in the Unknown Regions at that very moment. It would take years, but when it was completed, it would be his to command as General. That was what he had been told. But today he had been informed that he would have to share that command. Of course, he raised no objection, no hint of insubordination. One did not object to the Supreme Leader's orders. That did not mean he wasn't livid. He would have command, yes, but joint command, with this 'Kylo Ren' individual who had just arrived. A civilian . Ren would undoubtedly be lacking the sort of military discipline Hux thrived on. A Dark Side Force user, Snoke's personal apprentice. This made him dangerous in multiple ways. Hux pressed his lips together so tightly they turned white. He had been ordered to integrate this Ren person into his team's training immediately. He had been introduced to Ren briefly before Lt. Phasma showed the newcomer to his quarters. Tall, brooding, not without an air of menace, but also exuding a certain instability. And he was a teenager , at least five years Hux's junior. Hux paced the corridors, hands clasped behind his back, perfectly polished boots taking clipped, precise steps. So. He was to be fettered to an unstable teenage civilian with unlimited power who happened to be the Supreme Leader's pet project. Tremendous. Notes: See, this one isn't nearly as depressing. Not exactly happy, but not soul-crushing like the last few. Sorry it's so short; there'll be more sort of 'transitional' moments, although I don't plan to narrate the whole 15 or so years between this point and TFA. There'll be some time jumps. Thanks to my readers and commenters; this story gets more hopeful from here on out (although there will still be plenty of angst and trouble), so thanks for riding it to the bottom with me. Chapter 21 : And Turning Summary: Leia tends to little Rey; Obi-Wan regrets ever getting involved with the Skywalkers; Hux's head might just explode from frustration. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) LEIA She leaned down and pressed a kiss against the sleeping girl's forehead. "Thank you," she whispered. Who are you, and how did you get tangled up with – us? Leia sighed. None of this was this child's burden to bear, and she had to try to take it away. But I don't know how. Why didn't I ever learn? Luke offered to teach me, but I said I had a political career to worry about. That I wanted marriage, family. A tear rolled down her cheek. And I did . So, so much. But I could have learned some things. I didn't have to be a Jedi. Maybe if I had trained, at least a little, I could have helped… She couldn't continue the thought; couldn't even think her son's name. She choked down a sob. Politics and love and family were not the only reasons she had shied away from using the Force. Maybe not even the main reasons. Leia knew herself. Her lovely, calm public persona hid what was just under the surface: a quick temper, a volatility, a tendency to solve problems with, well, action – grabbing a blaster, calling in an air raid. The cold hard fact that she had never really acknowledged was that she was afraid to let herself use the Force much, because she was a creature of strong emotions – mostly not the soft, fluffy ones, either. What was it that had attracted her to Han in the beginning? Their verbal sparring, clever and cutting, peppered with mutual insults and biting banter and an undercurrent of competition. She liked the rivalry, the challenge. He riled her up, and it turned her on. There had to be something very wrong with someone who got hot from having a screaming match. No. Leia had never dared tap into her Force abilities. And now she was paying the price. And so was her child. And so had all those other children. But this child, resting in a sedated sleep, would not. Leia closed her eyes, put a hand on the little girl's forehead, let the Force flow through her, through the sleeping child, felt its currents. She didn't know exactly what to do or how to do it, so she simply thought, released her desperate plea to the Force. Please, let her forget all this. Let her think it was all a bad dream. Let her have a new life, far, far away from us . Keep her safe, keep her happy, give her comfort and help when she needs it, but please, please don't let her remember. Please, please, please. Another tear rolled down Leia's cheek. Please let it have worked. She wrapped the child in a blanket and handed her to Kes Dameron, who was poring over starcharts. "I'll transfer some credits to your account – enough to pay someone to ensure her care until she's older, but not enough to attract attention. Have you found a destination?" He nodded. "I think so." He took the limp bundle. Leia handed him two silver cylinders. "This one is more of the sedative, in case it wears off. This one will wake her up when you get where you're going. Thank you." Kes nodded, gave a sad half-smile, and left her alone. So alone. She wanted Han, wanted his comfort, wanted to comfort him. But when she found him, sitting on a stack of crates in the back of the ship, the look he gave her did not welcome her into his arms. She wanted to say something: Hold me. I'm sorry. I need you now. I can't handle this by myself. Please don't push me away. But the words wouldn't come. So she simply said, "We should go." He nodded, eyes on his boots. KES DAMERON He wasn't sure what had made him choose Jakku. Sure, it fit the criteria – located in a remote section of the Western Reaches, it was a desert planet littered with the debris of the final battle of the Galactic Civil War, a place people only went if they wanted to get lost. Of course, the galaxy was full of worlds where people could disappear, but something kept drawing his eyes to that particular lump of rock and sand. He climbed aboard his ship, strapped the little girl into a bunk in the passenger compartment and told his son, Poe, to plot a course for Jakku. ANAKIN "Your daughter must have an iron constitution," Obi-Wan commented, as he watched Leia's desperate supplication from the other side of the afterlife, as her whispered memory-wipe plea flowed through the Force, as she remembered details like syringes and transferring credits. "Damn right she does," Anakin said, trying not to remember a young, defiant face, pinker lips and cheeks framed by darker brown hair coiled in buns on either side. . ' Governor Tarkin, I should have expected to find you holding Vader's leash. I recognized your foul stench when I was brought on board.' Oh, Force, she had just been a baby. His baby. And the things he did…he was slipping, despair and guilt engulfing him. Sorry, so sorry… "Anakin! I need you in the here and now, my brother. You can't change the past. Now, how about we focus on not-you for a bit and work on the future." Anakin pulled himself together, nodded. "She doesn't deserve any of this. She's truly remarkable." "Well, she's been so efficient, we now have a whole new problem. As it is, my great-niece won't even remember her name. And she's sedated." "So what are you gonna do?" OBI-WAN Obi-Wan sighed. What am I going to do, he asks? Skywalkers. They were trouble wrapped in tragedy. As soon as Kes and his son were out of sight in the cockpit, Obi-Wan manifested in the passenger compartment. He had been waiting for a chance to be alone with the girl. He looked at her face, which was slack and peaceful in sleep. She was drooling a little. "Rey. Rey." He applied a bit of Force power to prod her from her drug-induced slumber. Her eyes twitched, fluttered open a bit, still unfocused but vaguely aware of her surroundings. He waved a hand in front of her face. "Rey. Your name is Rey. This was all just a dream. You're waiting for your family." "Mmm-hmmm. Jus' a dream. My name is Rey." She mumbled, drifting back to sleep. It was enough. As he faded back to the spirit world, he added, "I'm so, so sorry." HUX Loose cannon. The very phrase made his palms itch. A cannon, ion or laser, should never be loose. It should be secured and manned by highly trained staff, and preferably targeting an enemy. He had never thought much about the metaphorical meaning of the phrase. He preferred to deal in the concrete. Then again, he had never met a concrete manifestation of the metaphor – until now. Kylo Ren was a loose cannon, in every way, and he, too, made Hux's palms itch. Ren had been onboard the ship for ten orbits of the planet in the Unknown Regions which housed the First Order's main shipyard. Each orbit took one standard 5-day week (Hux questioned why they still used the Coruscant-based calendar, but it was what everyone was familiar with). In that time, Ren had destroyed three computer consoles, left lightsaber burns on seven corridor walls, wrecked a training room on two separate, spectacular occasions, and tossed three junior officers against the wall. Hux had tried to discuss these issues with Ren, who was part of his team and therefore, at least in the eyes of the ship's senior officers, his responsibility (although the Supreme Leader had made it quite clear that Hux's authority did not exceed Ren's, a fact that made Hux fume with cold fury). Talking to Ren, though, was like talking to a black stone wall. And now, as he studied the report from the ship's medical officer, he realized he had an even larger concern to address with his unwelcome co-commander-in-training. KYLO REN The red-haired major was speaking to him again. Apparently this was going to be a recurring event. "I have an issue to address." "If it is another itemized list damages, I will reiterate my thorough lack of interest in seeing it." Hux ground his teeth. "No. This is a new concern. As you are new here, perhaps you don't realize. A Stormtrooper constitutes a considerable investment, in time, training and finances, for the First Order." The major was waiting for a response. Kylo nodded once. "An investment that is only valuable if said Stormtrooper is performing his or her duties." Another pause. He nodded again. The major's face went red. "Stormtroopers in the medbay are not only not earning their keep by performing their duties, they are actively costing the Order resources !" The major's voice was rising. "Your point, Major?" Kylo Ren said, losing patience with this conversation. "My point? MY POINT, Ren, is that you have put fourteen of my troopers in the med bay in the past ten weeks. They are of no use there! They are a burden!" "Would you prefer they were in the morgue?" The major's head looked like it might explode, which was exactly the reaction he had hoped for. "I – you – NO! I want them in healthy, working condition!" "Well, perhaps if they were better trained, they wouldn't be so easy to injure." " Better trained? BETTER TRAINED? Their training is impeccable!" "Then how have I managed to wound so many?" "Because you don't fight with normal weapons. How can they be expected to prevail when their own blaster bolts are turned against them? When invisible hands grab them and cut off their air or slam them into walls? They're soldiers, trained for combat! And combat means weapons working in expected ways." Kylo Ren sighed. "Well. It seems we have a problem. I need to train. I'm expected to do so with your troops. And this…" he held out a hand, applied the slightest pressure to Hux's throat and lifted him to his toes…"Is my weapon." Oh, that felt good. Gratifying. He released the major, who alternated between coughing and fuming. "How dare you? I will not stand for such disrespect." Hux stomped away. Kylo narrowed his eyes behind his mask. His voice dropped an octave. "Nor will I." "I'm taking this up with the Supreme Leader," Hux hissed. "If you really feel that is the wisest course of action." Hux glared at him for as long as he could stand it, then turned on his heel and stomped away. Notes: Next chapter, Han and Leia, Rey on Jakku, and more Force Ghosts. Thanks for reading, leaving kudos and especially commenting. Getting a comment is like getting a cookie; makes me smile every time! Chapter 22 : Desert Summary: Han and Leia cannot cope; Anakin confesses something; Rey survives. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) HAN They had not argued. That was what worried him. For almost three galactic standard months, they had been nothing but civil to each other. Speaking in low, calm, polite voices. Saying 'yes dear' and 'excuse me' and 'please'. It had been terrible. The first night back, she had gone directly to their quarters, directly to the bedroom, closed the door and locked it. Han stood outside the door, stunned. He heard sobs, muffled by a pillow. He tried to door knob; she just sobbed louder and told him to leave her alone. He did. He went to the Falcon and retrieved a stash of Corellian whiskey from one of the smuggler's holds and proceeded to empty the bottle. When he woke up the next morning, head pounding, tongue stuck to the roof of his mouth, walls spinning, Chewbacca was standing over him, looking understanding but also reproachful. He gave a series of soft grunts that told Han what he already knew: drinking was no way to cope. "I know, Chewie. Won't happen again," he muttered, trying to make his way to the refresher and having to catch himself on the wall. Chewie took his arm, steadied him until he got there, shoved him in and let him know that he needed a shower, and badly. When he came out, Chewie had made him strong caffa and toast and insisted he drink and eat. Then his best friend dragged him home, knocked on the bedroom door, and didn't leave until Leia came out. She collapsed in Chewie's arms, burying her head in his fur, and he held her and Han for a long, long time. Finally, Chewie stepped away, leaving them leaning on each other. 'Love each other; you're all you have,' he told them, before he went back to the Falcon to grieve as well. They tried. For three months they had been trying so hard . They had been so nice, so kind, so understanding. They had been so miserable. LEIA She threw herself back into her Resistance work more fiercely than ever, playing a frantic and despairing game of galactic hide and seek, searching for not only the First Order and the monster who had taken her child (she couldn't even bring herself to think that name, not now; not yet), but also her brother and (she didn't even admit this to herself) her son. He was out there somewhere, she knew it. She could sense him – and what she sensed terrified her. Darkness, growing, strengthening. But also the tiniest, flickering, frightened light. She slept little and ate less. She sat in the command center until the wee hours, sometimes until dawn, studying charts, poring over every snippet of intelligence, no matter how insignificant it seemed. She recruited more spies, trying to pick up on any chatter, any whisper, anything . She paid the pilots overtime, having them fly farther and farther, longer and longer recon missions. HAN He had been spending most of his time working on the Falcon. Not that it needed work; it was perfect. So he took it apart and put it back together, piece by piece. Finally, he couldn't stand it any longer. He found her in the control room. It was nearly dawn and she hadn't left yet. A tray of food that C3PO had brought her sat untouched on the console. Han sighed. His heart ached for her, but he had to know. He had to deal with the questions that had been plaguing him. He had been waiting for a good time to talk, but it was clear there would never be a good time. So it might as well be now. He stood in the doorway and asked, "How long?" She jumped, looked at him. "Oh, it's you." He nodded. "How. Long?" "How long what?" "How long did you know?" "Know?" "About…" his voice dropped to a hoarse whisper. "Ben." "What do you mean, know? " Han sighed, shook his head. "You knew. And you kept it from me. I don't know what or when or how, but it all makes sense now. 'You don't understand…there are bigger issues.' You. Knew." She stared at the holoscreen, face set. "I knew there was…a threat. A concern. I didn't know…you can't think I expected this ? That I would have let it get this far if I suspected…" "You should have told me! He is…was…my son too! So I don't have the Force? So kriffing what? I had a right ! Maybe if I had known I could have helped." She turned on him, fists clenched. " You could have helped ? Yes, you could have helped. You could have helped when he was a toddler and woke up screaming from Force terrors every single night . You could have helped when he was three and started sending furniture flying across the room every time I told him no. You could have helped when he was five and had panic attacks every time we went out in public because people thought too loud . You could have helped when I needed you, when I was so exhausted I couldn't think straight, when I didn't know what to do except sit and hold him and rock back and forth and cry - but you didn't. You threw up your hands and opted out anytime the Force was involved." Han huffed a frustrated breath. "I'm not talking about a toddler having a tantrum here, Leia. I'm talking about…" His voice failed him, then. "I wouldn't have known how to deal with an out of control toddler without the Force, I knew even less how to deal with one with it. But if you thought…if you knew…I've seen the Dark side, too, Leia. Remember Bespin? If you had told me….I would have done anything, anything to protect him. But no, only you and Luke could understand. Only you and Luke could help. Well, how'd that fracking work out?" She was staring at him, lip quivering, tears filling her eyes. "How dare you?" she hissed. He thought she was going to cry, but instead her face twisted into a snarl of rage. "No. NO. You don't get to do that to me. You don't get to blame me. I tried. I tried everything. Everything . I did what I was supposed to do! I did!" Han took a step back. He had seen her mad, but he had never seen her like this. Her face was white, her eyes were blazing and she was vibrating with rage. "When it got to be too big for me, I got help. Qualified, expert help . The only qualified, expert help that existed! Do you think I wanted to send him away? My baby? I loved him more than anything. More than myself. He was – is - a part of me." She put a hand on her stomach. "I carried him; I nursed him; I still feel him. And I did what I thought was the right thing! THE RIGHT THING! And now you stand there and tell me that if I had just told you, you could have fixed it? Well, bantha-shit. What would you have done? What could you have done that I haven't, with all the resources at my disposal?" She waved a hand around the room, meaning to indicate the military might of the Resistance. Instead, a wave of energy followed her hand, sending tables and chairs flying against the wall, short-circuiting several holoscreens, overturning the tray of cold food. She froze. Her face crumpled, a sob wrenching from her throat as she jerked her hand back, clasped it into a fist and stared at it. Then the tears spilled from her eyes. "You're right. This is my fault. This is from me." She pulled her hand to her mouth, bit her knuckles. "Go ahead. Hate me. I do." And she rushed out of the command center. He stood rooted to the spot. Watching her leave, he was reminded of how very tiny she was. It wasn't until she was out of the building that he whispered, "Hate you? But I love you. You know, right?" They shared the same quarters off and on for three more standard years, but only physically. Something between them had been broken, and time did not heal it. It ripped farther apart until they couldn't even make eye contact anymore. Han spent more and more time travelling; taking this or that smuggling job, farther and farther away, for longer and longer durations. Eventually, he just didn't come back. Leia worked, commanded, fought, led. It was all she knew how to do. It was, if she was honest, all she had ever known how to do. ANAKIN They were sitting in a circle, watching, waiting. The little girl was sleeping, curled in a tight ball, on a pallet in the corner of a trading tent on a planet that was all sand and rusted out metal. Soon she would be shouted awake and told to get to work. It reminded Anakin of his own childhood. Even though she wasn't technically a slave, she may as well be. His grandson was sleeping on a bunk, in his quarters on a star destroyer. His quarters were a mess – broken chair in the corner, lightsaber burns on the walls and door, mirror above the small metal sink shattered. The boy tossed and thrashed and sat up with a jolt, looking around the room, eyes wild for a moment until he pulled himself out of whatever nightmare he had been having. The he collapsed against the bunk, curled into a ball, and covered his head with the thin pillow. Soon they would arrive at their destination; a planet on the Outer Rim where they planned a raid to acquire fresh Stormtrooper recruits. Anakin pulled away; he didn't want to look reminded him of too many things he'd rather forget. Instead he looked around at four sets of eyes. Yoda had not liked him much in life, and he wasn't sure he liked him any more now. Mace had always been suspicious of him; had never really believed in him, and Anakin had confirmed his worst fears when he chose Palpatine over Mace. Qui-Gon had been his biggest supporter; he had been the one to rescue Anakin out of slavery; to insist he was the Chosen One; Anakin wondered if things would have been different if Qui-Gon had not been killed, if he had been the one to train him, as he had wanted to. Obi-Wan had only taken on the task because it was Qui-Gon's dying request. Still, Obi-Wan had been his closest friend; closer than a brother could ever be, and he still was despite everything. Anakin sighed. He had to speak up. He had been having…feelings. Feelings he felt he needed help with. "I have something to confess," he said. "Speak," Yoda said. "I…I have a desire for…revenge." "Against whom?" Mace Windu asked. As if they didn't all know. "This…Snoke. I hate him. I do. And I know, I know , better than any of you what hate gets you, so there's no need for a lecture. But I can't help it. I want to make him suffer. I want to make him pay." Anakin didn't bother to try and keep the feral look out of his eyes. "Revenge is not the Jedi way." Mace was firm. "I know . So that's why I'm telling you. Because I need help." Yoda studied him, and Anakin felt like the little green Jedi Master's eyes could see his very soul. Finally Yoda spoke. "Learning, you are. Talk to us, you should. Help, we can." "Tell me what I should do," Anakin said. "Justice you must seek, not revenge. Meditate on that, you should." Yoda said. "Justice." Anakin nodded. Yes. Seek justice. He could do that. Justice. It might even be sweeter than revenge. REY "Get up, girl." Every morning, for the past two years, that was the greeting that had jolted her out of an exhausted sleep. She rolled out of the tattered blanket, brushed herself off and was ready to work. Every day the same. Get up, fold her pallet up, sweep the sandy floor of the trading tent, go to the workbench and begin cleaning, repairing and organizing the pile of parts Unkar Plutt had taken in the day before. If she got enough work done by the time the sun was at its highest point, Plutt would allow her a quarter liter of water and a quarter portion of food. If not, she would have to wait, mouth dry and stomach grumbling, until he decided she had done enough. It felt like it had always been this way – and yet it didn't. She couldn't remember anything before Jakku, before this tent, this sand, this heat, this hunger, this never-ceasing toil. But sometimes, when she was doing a particularly repetitive task, and her mind wandered, she could almost sense something, flickering at the edges, as if there was something underneath her current reality. A smell of damp, fertile soil; the feel of water, falling from the sky and over her skin; a warmth that must have been someone who loved her once. Her family. She wanted to remember them, but the harder she tried, the fainter the feeling got. All she knew was that they were coming back for her. She had to stay here and wait for them, because they would be back. They'll be back. They'll be back. They'll be back. That was the only thought that got her through each day, until she could unroll her pallet, scratch another mark on the wall, curl into a ball in the grungy blanket and fall into an exhausted sleep. Notes: Han and Leia break my heart. I just want to cry for them. Next time, Kylo Ren, Hux, and Phasma on a mission. Thanks for reading and commenting. Getting a comment makes me almost as happy as getting a full portion for free would make poor little Rey. Chapter 23 : Pitiless as the Sun Summary: Kylo Ren, Hux and Phasma on a mission. (No, we haven't gotten to the happier part yet...I keep trying to get there.) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) KYLO REN They had been summoned . Now he and Hux were walking down a long hallway toward the audience chamber. His nerves were on edge, cold, electric anxiety thrumming through his veins. He cut his eyes, hidden behind the mask, toward Hux. The major did not betray any emotion, but Kylo could feel his tension, as well. No one looked forward to an audience with the Supreme Leader. They entered the chamber, pushing through tall stone doors, approaching the stone dais. Snoke's presence filled the chamber, filling Kylo with dark dread. He dropped to his knees, as he had learned was expected. Hux stood at severe military attention. "Major Hux," the voice was a whisper and a roar at the same time. "Kylo Ren. Stand." He did. "Hux has sent reports of your training. I am not displeased with your progress." "Thank you, Supreme Leader." Praise, cold praise, but praise, nonetheless. Relief flooded Kylo's veins. He had embraced the Dark side, had let it guide him in his training performance with the First Order, had let it take him over, to the point that he had done, perhaps, more damage than would be tolerated. He had been unsure, having received no feedback except Hux's constant complaints about cost overruns. But he had made the decision to ignore Hux, to let himself get drunk on the darkness in order to prove his loyalty, his commitment. To not hold back. After the…event…he felt this was necessary, whether he wanted it or not. Apparently it had been the correct course. "I have decided it is time for your team to proceed past training. It is time for real missions." Kylo glanced at Hux, again glad for the mask, which allowed him to see the expressions of others without revealing his own. Hux appeared excited at the prospect of a real mission. Kylo was less so. He felt he knew, perhaps, more than Hux about the Supreme Leader's missions – and he knew his performance would have to be beyond reproach on this one. He would not be able to hide another failure. His stomach roiled. "Major." The Supreme Leader addressed the red-haired man. "Yes, Supreme Leader?" Hux's voice was full of anticipation. "We will be approaching an outer rim planet called Tatooine. There, you will find a village called Mos Pelgo. This is a two-part mission. We need to replenish our ranks of Stormtroopers, so you will follow the standard protocol for collecting recruits. Remember, none more than a meter tall are acceptable. In addition, some of the villagers are operating an underground arms smuggling operation for the Resistance." He said the word as if it were vile curse. "This must be found and destroyed." "Yes, Supreme Leader." "Ren." "Yes, Supreme Leader?" "You will interrogate the operatives, using the methods I have taught you." Kylo felt a small intrusion into his mind, enough to understand exactly what method was being referred to. For a second he was a small boy, cowering on bruised knees in a cave, nose bleeding, brain screaming as he tried desperately to hide the location of his family. A wave of nausea swept over him. Yes, he had been taught that method quite thoroughly. "You will discover their suppliers, their contacts – everything you can, so that we can then target those traitors, as well." He gulped. "Yes, Supreme Leader." "Hux, you will be in charge of the military aspects of the operation, backed up by Lt. Phasma and her Stormtrooper squadron. Use standard First Order protocol for a prescribed chastisement of the village due to their harboring of traitors. Brief Ren on this protocol, so that he may assist" "Yes, Supreme Leader." "You are dismissed." They both turned to leave. "Ren. You will stay." He stopped, shoulders slumped, and turned back, head down, surprised that he regretted seeing the red-haired annoyance go. "I have another, special assignment for you. This planet, Tatooine, is important to your family's history." He nodded. He knew that. His grandfather had lived there as a child; his uncle had grown up there. "There is an abandoned farm, far enough away from our target that your presence will alert no one of our impending attack. There you will find the place where your grandfather buried your great-grandmother, after avenging her death. That was the first time he truly embraced the Dark side, let it guide him to destroy those who harmed her – all of them. You remember the story?" He did. "The darkness helped him, allowed him to annihilate the sand people, the whole village. To cleanse it. That is the power of the darkness. The power you will need. Go there, before the mission. Meditate on that, and use it during the mission." "Yes, Supreme Leader." His voice was heavy. Annihilate. Cleanse. Prescribed chastisement. Standard protocol. Yes, this mission was a test, one that he could not fail. Did the Supreme Leader suspect anything? Did he doubt him? No. He couldn't. There had been no pain, no torment. The Supreme Leader was not subtle. But it was a test, just the same. His grandfather – perhaps he would send him some guidance. He had not, not since so long ago. Ben, listen to me. He was trying. Perhaps, if he walked where he had walked, touched the same sandy soil, breathed the same air, felt the same rays of the twin suns on his face that his grandfather had felt, perhaps it would strengthen him, bring him closer. He would walk in the footsteps of Vader, literally and figuratively, and he would let himself be led by his grandfather's example. "You are dismissed, then." He gave a respectful bow of his head and left the chamber, a heaviness settling over him. ANAKIN The boy was kneeling in front of Anakin's mother's grave. Anakin was kneeling across from him, watching him over the tombstone, through the darkness that surrounded him. He could feel the boy's fear and dread, almost taste it. His grandson had removed the helmet he now wore, the helmet that was an homage to Darth Vader, the helmet that had been a 'suggestion' of that manipulative piece of bantha-shit that called himself 'supreme leader'. Anakin sneered. At least 'Emperor' had been a real fracking title. At least he , Anakin, had been a real fracking adult. He clenched his hands into fists, and then seethed in frustration that he couldn't do anything with them. His grandson had removed the helmet, and Anakin could see sweat beading on his forehead and upper lip. He knew that, despite the heat of Tatooine and the boy's heavy, dark robes, the sweat was caused more by anxiety than the planet's two suns. His grandson removed a black glove, reached out, touched the tombstone, traced a long, pale finger over the words Shmi Skywalker Lars, then placed his hand flat against the hot stone. Anakin reached out, placing his hand on the opposite side of the tombstone, almost, but not quite, able to reach his grandson. The boy spoke. "Grandfather. I have…something I must do. I need your guidance; your strength in order to do it. I've come here, where you first tasted the true power of the darkness; where you used it to avenge your mother. Show me the power of the darkness. Help me do what I must do, because…" the boy's voice cracked. "Because I have no choice." He began meditating, eyes closed, hands on his knees. Anakin concentrated, and was surprised to discover that he could see the boy's thoughts, through the swirling darkness. And what the boy was seeing was – him. Him, holding his mother, watching her life force leave her body, clutching her, weeping and wailing. Him, drawing his lightsaber. Him, slashing through the village, killing them. Killing them all – even the children. The boy was watching this as if it were instructive , as if he needed to learn this. Anakin thought his heart might break. He remembered letting the rage take him, remembered slaughtering that village of sand people. He had wanted to do it. It had felt so justified, so right. Not later, but when he did it. Oh, the rush, the high, the surge of power. He had enjoyed it. But this boy. This boy looked like he would never enjoy anything again. "Oh, Ben," Anakin whispered. The boy opened his eyes, and for a second Anakin thought maybe he had heard him. He said his name again, but the boy's eyes, large and dark and haunted, looked right through him. Then the boy covered his eyes with his hands and slumped forward, a single strangled sob escaping his lips. "Grandfather. I will do what I need to do. I will try to have the strength you did. I will not let my weakness get in the way." "No, Ben, no," Anakin said, "You don't have to do this. They want you back. Your parents want you back. It's not too late. Please, come back. Back to the light." Anakin's face twisted in pain. But the boy didn't hear him. He rose to his feet, brushed the sand from his robes, and replaced the mask. The he squared his shoulders and strode away. KYLO REN He had rejoined Hux, Phasma and the squadron. They descended on the village in the silent pre-dawn hours, the only light coming from two of Tatooine's moons. The villagers, groggy and disoriented from deep sleep, were rousted out into the square. The babies and children, those less than a meter tall, were separated from their parents. Then it was his turn. His job was to find the Resistance operatives, intimidate them, interrogate them, and then…dispose of them. He walked along the ragged line of villagers, breathing in their fear, their confusion, their shock. He heard snippets of their thoughts, so easy to perceive. What's happening? Haven't done anything…hit me with the butt of a blaster and said 'get up'…First Order doesn't care….vile, murderous scum…my babies…snatched right out of my arms…who…what…why? They didn't know – who he was; what he could do. They kept their eyes down, their body language submissive, but their thoughts – they raced around like disobedient toddlers. But there were so many of them, and their thoughts were so loud , so chaotic , overlapping and piling on top of each other. It made his head throb and pulse so fiercely that he wanted to scream. He couldn't sort out which thoughts belonged to which person. He inhaled, steadying himself in the Force, connecting to the darkness, letting it guide him as he searched the faces. One man - middle-aged, face dried and lined from the harsh desert climate, hair standing out around his face in sun-bleached frizz – while the others were staring at the ground, his eyes faced straight ahead, defiant. Kylo stopped in front of him. The man cringed back, and Kylo felt the sense of hopelessness he felt. It was…not unpleasant. Gratifying, even. He reached a hand out, toward the man, focusing, concentrating, locked on to this man's face, his presence in the Force, until he heard only his thoughts. My daughter. They took her. Please, please don't hurt her. She's just a baby. She didn't know about… Kylo stilled. What didn't she know about? You will tell me. The man's face fell slack …the weapons. What weapons? Where? The ones we smuggle for the Resistance. In the basement of the gambling parlor. Who else is involved? Their faces! The man thought of seven others, and Kylo found them, one by one, pulling them from the ranks of the others with a Force pull that dragged them forward. Once all eight were lined up, kneeling in front of him, he dropped his hand. "Thank you," he whispered to the frizzy-haired man, then turned to Hux. "These eight are the Resistance operatives. The others are uninvolved. The weapons stockpile is in the basement of the gambling parlor." Kylo noticed a new expression on Hux's face. It was…respect. Even a bit of awe. "Ren. That was quite fascinating to watch," the major said, and he almost, almost smiled. "Lt. Phasma, search the gambling parlor!" She waved a group of Stormtroopers in that direction, and they soon returned with crates of blasters. Hux turned to Kylo. "These." He waved a hand at the eight traitors. "Can you complete their interrogations here, or shall we take them on board?" He swallowed. Better to get it over with. "Here," he said, turning to prisoners. "You," he pointed a gloved finger at brown-haired woman wearing a thick, quilted shawl. "Stand." He waved two Stormtroopers over, had them grasp her arms, and stepped forward, hand out. Each prisoner in turn was interrogated, probed, thoroughly emptied of their secrets, and allowed to collapse back to their knees, weak, whimpering, clutching their temples, blood dripping from their noses, eyes twitching. Meanwhile, Hux was overseeing the acquisition of the new Stormtrooper recruits. The small children, those under a meter tall, were corralled, sorted by size, and herded onto a transport. Their crying and shrieking was loud, and their emotions were louder, and Kylo struggled to block it out in order to conduct his interrogations. FN-2187 "Mother! Mooootherrrrrrr!" He screamed, a hand outstretched toward a young woman with dark skin and darker ringlets. She was weeping, struggling against the line of Stormtroopers holding the villagers back. "My baby! Please, please, where are you taking my baby?" A Stormtrooper shoved her roughly back. "Moooootherrrrrrrrrrrr," he wailed as he was pushed up a ramp toward a hulking ship and lost sight of her. "I love you! I love you baby! Never forget – you are loved!" He was pushed through the door of the transport, out of the silvery darkness of the village night, into the harsh glare of artificial overhead bulbs. A Stormtrooper put a cold metal object against his arm, and it stamped something onto his skin. "FN-2187," she called out, and he was shoved onto a seat, the next child taking his place. "FN-2188." KYLO REN "I have concluded the interrogations," he said to Hux. "I have the information needed. Their suppliers, their contacts." Hux steepled his hands together, tapped his index fingers against each other. "That was extraordinary ." His lips twitched up briefly. "Well. I'll let you see to these. After the others. Lt. Phasma!" 'See to.' He gritted his teeth. There had been a meeting; Hux, who had apparently learned First Order procedures when he was teething, had explained what the 'standard protocol' for a 'prescribed chastisement' was. And political prisoners got special treatment; they died last, after seeing the rest of their friends, neighbors, family members exterminated. Then they were executed, preferably in a way more fitting than random blaster fire. Like a lightsaber. "Lt. Phasma. Is your squadron ready?" "Yes, Major. Your orders?" "Terminate them." Shrieking, crying, wailing. She addressed the Stormtroopers who had been guarding the villagers. "On my command." They raised their weapons. "Fire." And now only the eight were left, kneeling, faces contorted in pain or frozen with shock. Hux and Phasma had carried out the standard protocol with perfect military precision. Now they were looking at him. He focused, centered himself, seemed to grow larger, darker, colder. Even Hux took a step back. He breathed in, out, in, out, focusing on the purest hatred that he could possibly feel, letting it fill his mind, his senses, letting it blot out every thought and feeling and instinct he had. He ignited his lightsaber, gripped it tight in his fist, stared at the crackling red light for a second, and swung it. Eight times. He did not sleep for the next three nights. On the fourth, his body finally overrode his mind and his head dropped to the side as he sat upright in a chair. And the dreams came, as he knew they would. In his dream, he was on the sandy surface of the planet again, in the strange silvery light of the moons, and he was swinging his lightsaber, again and again, and every time, the face that looked up at him, begging, pleading, weeping, was his own. Notes: Not many notes for this chapter, otherwise. I hope I did okay with the military stuff; the mom-Leia/scared-little-Ben stuff comes a lot more naturally. And we have the appearance of truly dark Kylo Ren here. But this is who he has to become, at least for now. Mos Pelgo was a name of a village on Tatooine that didn't seem to have much back story, so I used it. Hopefully, there's not a big story about it that I missed. And…little Finn! Next chapter: Little Rey and Force Ghost Obi-Wan Chapter 24 : A Waste of Desert Sand Summary: Anakin is a puddle of self-loathing; Obi-Wan babysits from afar in the desert; Finn and Rey adjust to their new homes. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) OBI-WAN They were watching, all of them. It was agonizing, like something ripping their skin off piece by piece. But they couldn't turn away. Anakin had stopped speaking in sentences by the time the first of Tatooine's moons dropped below the horizon. He just muttered phrases: "My fault…wants to be like me…like me …why…fracking idiot…" Obi-Wan wasn't sure if Anakin meant himself, his grandson, or both. "Anakin. Calm." Anakin's eyes looked like they belonged to a hunted animal. "Calm? I can't calm . You don't understand. They – Luke and Leia – were the only good things to come from me. They are my light . Luke, his very existence – saved me. He's why I'm here. And Leia – there's no forgiveness for what I did to her…I don't expect it, but…when I realized she was going to have a baby…I knew before she did, you know. Felt him through the Force from here when she just thought she had picked up a weird stomach virus and was puking into a waste basket at some strategy meeting. I was so happy . I thought, finally, a Skywalker with a chance . No war – it would be over by the time he was born, I saw that - no poverty, no slavery, no secrets and lies, no Palpatine – a good home and two doting parents. And now…if I had known that what I did…that it would be…do this…to him…it's worse, so much worse than when it was me. I can accept what my bad choices did to me . Take responsibility now. But him. I…I just can't…" "Anakin. We're going to fix this. We just have to wait for the right time." Haunted eyes, leaking phantom tears, looked up at Obi-Wan. "Fix this ? How?" Obi-Wan just sighed and looked away. There was no fixing this , specifically. No fixing the death and horror that would happen before they had a chance to make things right. By the time the Tatooine sky showed dim purple where the first sun was rising, Anakin had stopped using words altogether and was simply moaning and intoning long, low, 'nooooooo's' as he watched a crackling red lightsaber swing again and again, as he watched flametroopers ignite their weapons and torch what was left…standard cleanup detail. As he watched his grandson turn and walk, zombie-like, toward the transport, watched him stoop and scoop up a handful of ashes, stare at them, clench them in a gloved fist that shook, then stilled. Watched him walk up the ramp, head not turning to the right or left as Stormtroopers flinched and cowered out of his way. By the time the second sun rose and a glaring light shone on the tragedy that had been Mos Pelgo, Anakin was little more than a puddle of self-loathing despair. Obi-Wan looked at him, sighed. "Qui-Gon," he said, voice low. "Can you deal with, umm, this?" He made an all-encompassing gesture that indicated Anakin. "The sun on Jakku rises soon and I have to go make sure a 7 year old girl doesn't plummet to her death or slice her throat open on a sharp piece of metal or get herself dead in about a thousand other ways." Qui-Gon looked at the one he had first called the Chosen One and nodded. "Of course." REY She was climbing, climbing up the inside of the Ravager' s service bay, following one of the more experienced scavengers – not Mashra, the nice one. This one was not so nice. But she needed to learn, and he was willing to show her how to get into the Super Star Destroyer, and how to find valuable items: drive unit capacitors, pumps, filters, inverters, magnets…even rations. "There." He pointed at a long, dark tunnel. "Crawl into that duct. There's meters and meters a' coolant hose in there. I see it every time I'm here, but it's attached at the other end, and I'm too big to reach it." She peered into the duct, heaved herself up on her belly and shimmied inside. It was darker than a night during a sandstorm, but she could feel the hose. She felt along the duct, crawling on hands and knees, pulling herself along on the hosing, until she found the end of it. Then she pulled out her knife and sliced it away. She heard a hiss, smelled a sickly sweet scent, and when she tried to take a breath, she sucked in nothing. Her nose and lungs worked, but it was like the air itself was gone. She tried to back out, but it was too far, too far, and she was getting dizzy, shimmering spots appearing in her peripheral vision, closing in…she sucked at the nonexistent air one more time, and collapsed. OBI-WAN He didn't have time to think of enough vile names for the scavenger who had sent a little girl into the duct without bothering to warn her that the coolant would vaporize and displace the oxygen and suffocate her. He didn't have time to wonder if the man was just too stupid to know. He only had time to manifest inside the duct and think I'm too old for this . He reached out, into the Force, reached, reached for the oxygen atoms that had all been pushed out of the area, felt for their life-giving energy, found them and pulled them in, closer, closer to the girl, pushing them toward her. He watched as she gasped, coughed, and pushed herself up on one hand, rubbing her head with the other, then scrambled backwards, out of the airless duct. He sighed, relief radiating from his being. She would have a vicious headache for the rest of the day, but she would be fine. And she would now know the dangers of leaking coolant. He noticed, as he watched her tumble from the end of the duct, struggle to her feet and walk, with cautious steps, back to where the man was standing, that she was still clutching the long coil of coolant hose in her hand. Tenacious little thing , he thought. She'll need that . FN-2187 He was sorted into a group of age-mates; twenty boys and girls between about five and seven standard years. They were marched into a dormitory, a droid gave them what they were told was a nutrition bar, and… He didn't remember much after that, just a hazy blur of sleeping on a thin mattress, eating some sort of thick gruel, more nutrition bars, and all the time a voice over a loudspeaker, explaining in soft, soothing tones the virtues of the First Order. After a while, the times of being aware grew more frequent. Droids tended the children, bringing food and clothing. He and the others lived in the dormitory room together, studied galactic history (the Empire's version) together, ate in a cafeteria together, played on a large indoor playground together. Watched silly holofilms together at night – funny little things about cartoon animals and aliens and people who fell down a lot...and for some reason, the more he watched them, the more he liked the First Order. The more he realized that the group was what mattered, not the individual. That compliance and conformity were the paths to happiness and contentment. That obedience must come above all, and that the Order was the only path to peace. The more he felt like he was becoming part of something important, something bigger than just himself, something that could make a difference. The image of a face with smooth skin and shining dark eyes and a voice saying n ever forget – you are loved faded, faded as he grew to yearn for the day he, too, would be worthy of the gleaming white armor of a Stormtrooper. REY Her own house. She looked around, smiled. I have my own house! True, it wasn't really a house; it was an old AT-AT walker, lying on its side, rusted and decrepit and beautiful. Because it was all hers; no longer would she have to sleep on a pallet at Unkar Plutt's concession stand. She had something that belonged to her now; she had a home. Making it feel all homey would have to wait until tonight, though. Now, she had better get to work. She wound wraps around her arms, to protect them from the sun and sand and from getting scraped by the sharp, twisted pieces of metal that seemed to attack out of nowhere on the wrecked ships she scavenged. She had been scavenging on her own for ninety-two days now. Ninety two out of 1797. It was harder, in a way, but also somehow easier, than working with someone else. She decided she preferred it. She draped her overwraps across her body, secured them with a strip of leather she had made into a belt, and pulled on her soft, flexible boots. She had had to trade five portions for them, but they were well worth it; the flexible soles perfect for climbing, but sturdy enough to prevent any injuries. She slung a bag over her shoulder and grabbed her staff and set out. She had come across a Nebulon-B frigate the day before. It had, of course, been scavenged already, but not by her. And she almost always found things others had missed. The big stuff, like the dorsal shield generator, would be gone, but there might be some spare power cells inside. And she knew how to access the engineer's quarters; sometimes there were things of value in there, or at least things of interest, like schematics or datachips. She found little in the way of actual salvage parts – it really had been badly damaged and picked over – but she managed quite a score in the engineer's quarters. First, a stack of small power cells that the engineer had apparently been hoarding. Then a tool kit that contained an arc wrench, a Harris wrench and a hydrospanner. Then, the best of all: As she crawled across the floor, prying at each panel, she discovered one that concealed a hidey-hole – and in it was a bottle of amber liquid. It was nearly full and was labelled Corellian Whiskey. A slow smile spread over her face. She had heard some of the other scavengers singing the praises of this stuff as they gulped down the vile homebrew that was the main intoxicant on Jakku. She twisted off the cap, sniffed, and made a face. Then she gingerly put it to her lips and took the tiniest sip…and started coughing and choking. It was like drinking fire, and it burned all the way down her throat, into her stomach and out into her veins. Why would anyone want to put this stuff in their mouth? Liquid should cool you off, not set you on fire. She quickly tightened the cap. She wouldn't mind trading this stuff. Yuck. Having managed to trade her finds for five whole portions, plus two liters of water, she started for home. Home. She smiled. Once there, she set about making the AT-AT livable. She swept as much sand out of it as she could, although, living in a desert, a certain amount of sand was unavoidable. She found a locking compartment and decided that would be her cupboard, where she kept her water and portions on the rare occasions that she had extra. Shaking out her blankets, she made a sleeping pallet in a corner of the walker, between two consoles, that was just her size, making it feel safe and cozy. She had an idea about making a hammock, which would be so much comfier, but she would have to wait until she could trade for some rope. Reaching into her satchel, she pulled out her homemade doll. She ran a finger over the doll's orange flight-suit and smiled. "Look, Dosmit, we have a new home. And it's all ours! We'll have wonderful adventures here," she said, before placing the doll carefully in a niche that reminded her of a tiny chair. She placed the Rebel Alliance flight helmet she had found while scavenging an X-Wing on a shelf, put a single small cluster of nightblossom flowers in a vase, and watered the tiny spinebarrel flower that was growing just inside the AT-AT. Then she looked around with a satisfied smile. OBI-WAN She looked like an eleven year old girl playing house. Except, of course, Rey wasn't playing. Obi-Wan's heart contracted, and again, he felt so, so sorry for what he had inflicted upon the girl, for what she would face in the future. But there was no other way. No other way. His eyes pricked with tears as she crawled onto her pallet and began painstakingly scratching marks on the wall above it, transferring all the days she had spent in Plutt's tent to the wall of her new home. Notes: Leia's morning sickness: A little reference to Leslie Knope on Parks and Rec, puking through her day with morning sickness that she thought was a stomach flu but still working for the greater good. Finn: So, there had to be some subliminal messaging components to indoctrinating these kids to become Stormtroopers, right? And maybe some pharmaceutical components, too? I'm not sure what they did, but I wanted to bring in a bit of a 1984 and Brave New Word feeling there. Rey's scavenging: Most of the particulars of the ships she scavenged and what she found, as well as how she lived, are based on the book Rey's Survival Guide. Technically, it's a kids book, but I thought it was really interesting, and it added a lot to her backstory. Yes, yes I did reference the ashes. So, thank you so much for reading and leaving kudos and most of all commenting! Nothing makes me happier than seeing a comment; literally makes my day. We're getting closer to the point where things stop falling apart and they start coming together again. I, for one, am ready. I'm tired of torturing these poor people. :) Chapter 25 : Shatterpoint Summary: Mace Windu sees a shatterpoint; Anakin and Obi-Wan help make sure it happens. Finally, a chapter that isn't utterly depressing! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ANAKIN "It's going the wrong way again." "I see it," Obi-Wan said, voice thick with annoyance. "It's your turn ," Anakin reminded him. Obi-Wan sighed and gave the little orange and white droid a Force-assisted course correction. "Blasted thing would have ended up in the sinking fields without our help," he grumbled. They had been following it since Tuanul. Tuanul . Anakin shuddered, shook his head to clear the images away. No. Nope. Uh-uh. He wouldn't think about Tuanul. He would think about what Mace Windu had told them before they left. They trudged on, following the droid up another dune. When it veered too far to the left, Anakin course-corrected it. "Are you sure this is the thing?" He asked Obi-Wan. "The shatterpoint or whatever Mace calls it? This droid?" "That's what he said. This is what we've been waiting for – this brings it all back together, so long as it finds her, and she finds it. Him. Her. I'm not sure which to use." "And you're sure she's here? The girl?" "Just over that dune – or maybe the next one – in an old AT-AT. I've been watching over her for fifteen years." Obi-Wan's destiny, apparently, was to babysit from a distance on desert planets. Anakin nodded. "It's drifting again." Obi-Wan redirected BB-8 once more as they crested the dune and started down it. Anakin slipped and slid on the shifting sand. "Have I mentioned I fracking hate sand?" "Once or twice," Obi-Wan sighed, then looked at Anakin. "Are you walking in it? For Force's sake, man, hover." Anakin growled and clenched his fists. Why hadn't that occurred to him? Three dunes, and seventeen Force-assisted course corrections later, the AT-AT came into view. The droid rolled along, into the path of a Teedo, who threw a net over him. Anakin started to intervene, but Obi-Wan put a hand on his arm. "Wait." The droid started beeping wildly, and in less than a standard minute, a girl appeared, running over the dune, staff in hand, fierce expression on her face. "There. See." Obi-Wan smiled. "Our job is done. For now, anyway." Anakin watched as the girl stormed across the sand, eyes flashing fire, cursed the Teedo in his own language, brandishing her staff to drive the point home, and sliced open the netting with a vicious-looking curved blade. "Oh, I l ike her," Anakin said, eyes glinting. Obi-Wan raised an eyebrow. Anakin grinned. "She's gonna kick my grandson's ass and make him like it." Obi-Wan stopped, gave Anakin a long, searching look. "You do know your family is beyond strange, right?" Notes: So, that's the end of Part 1. I know it was short, but hopefully worth your time. :) I'll keep going in the next chapter with Part 2, in which, finally, things start coming together. It'll be written as 'missing moments from the movie' so the timing is perfect since now I have the movie to refer to instead of relying on my memory. Then I'll move on from there…hopefully I'll finish this before VIII comes out. Just to warn you, there will be some Reylo in Part 2. That doesn't mean I'm going to neglect the other characters; I'm not. This story is still largely about Anakin and Leia and all the others, so that won't change. But, some romance between Rey and Kylo Ren will happen...just some hints for now, but if that's not your groove, that's cool; please don't be mad or negative. If you're not into that, this is a good 'ending'. And if you're okay with that, as one aspect of a much bigger story, there will be more to this. A lot more. :) Thank you so, so much to the readers who have stuck with me through the dark, dark times. Things get better from here, although there will still be plenty of angst and sadness - but there'll also be more hope. And as always, comments make my day! Chapter 26 : Things Come Together Summary: Poe Dameron is interrogated; FN-2187 comes up with a plan; Anakin comforts Obi-Wan for once. This is the beginning of Part 2; it's not nearly as depressing as Part 1. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) KYLO REN (ben) He was pacing outside the interrogation room, boots thudding on the hollow metal floor. He had hoped traditional interrogation methods would be enough to get the needed information; had hoped he would not have to have any further personal interaction with The Pilot. That exchange on Jakku was more than enough. Poe Dameron. Why did it have to be Poe Dameron ? Of all the pilots the Resistance had, why did this one have to be the kid, three years older and infinitely more confident and self-assured and popular, that little Ben Solo had tagged along after all those years ago? Poe's mother and Ben's mother had worked together as part of the Rebel Alliance. Poe's mother, Shara Bey, had served as Ben's mother's pilot on a mission to Naboo, and the two remained close even after Shara retired to spend more time with her son (no, he hadn't been jealous that Poe had his mother all to himself, all the time; that Shara had time to take Poe flying just for fun, to teach him about gardening, to sit under the special tree with its twisting, gnarled branches and soft green fluttering leaves and read him adventure stories for hours. Not at all. His mother was Important; she was Trying To Form A New Government and that was A Big Deal and he Should Be Proud…that's what C3PO said, anyway.) The two boys had been thrown together quite often, told to go outside and play while the grown-ups talked. Ben Solo, only four, chasing after seven year old Poe in the Damerons' garden on Yavin 4, whacking at each other with flimsy toy lightsabers. Sweaty and out of breath, wearing short pants and thin tunics, barefoot and smudged with grime. Poe, riding a miniature speeder his father had given him; Ben on a child-size speeder bike his father had bought him for his last birthday: 'I'll be Luke Skywalker; that…' (Poe pointed at an enormous white melon) 'that's the Death Star. I get to blow it up.' (That meant he got to throw it on the ground and smash it, which sounded like fun.) 'Who do I get to be?' 'Han Solo, duh. You get to save me from the Imperial TIE fighters.' 'Why can't I be Luke Skywalker?' 'Cause I'm older and I want to be him. Besides, Han Solo's your daddy, so you gotta be him.' He scowled. Being his dad was boring. 'Why can't I be Darth Vader and chase you?' 'Because he's the bad guy, dummy. You don't wanna be the bad guy.' 'Oh.' Why did it have to be Poe Dameron? Kylo Ren clenched his fists. It didn't matter. Ben Solo had known Poe Dameron, had played with him and followed him around like a pup. Kylo Ren had no attachment to Poe Dameron. He was simply a subject to be interrogated. He took several long breaths, reaching out, finding that dark energy that fueled him most of the time now, and stepped into the interrogation room. Poe was…the prisoner was unconscious, an abrasion on his temple, a bit of blood running down his face. Thoughts fluttered through his mind…the uppermost being someone clapping a hand on his shoulder, saying, 'You'll do fine. You're the best pilot in the Resistance.' Kylo Ren spoke. "I had no idea we had the best pilot in the Resistance on board." He paused, long enough for the prisoner to blink awake. "Comfortable?" "Not really," the prisoner drawled. Confident. Arrogant, even. "I'm impressed. No one has been able to get out of you what you did with the map." The prisoner looked directly at him. "You might want to rethink your technique." Poe had always been a bit of a smart-ass. The prisoner. The Pilot. Not 'Poe'. He gritted his teeth, frowned inside his mask. That was enough talking. Kylo Ren held out a hand, focused, and delved into the prisoner's mind. Just skimming the surface at first, then, a harder push and the prisoner's head slammed back against the restraining device. He saw Dameron speaking with his m….with General Organa. He tensed, muscles twitching with the effort to remain unaffected. "I have an important mission for you. Highly classified." She slid a small datapad across the table. "I need you to retrieve something, from the planet Jakku." Then, something strange. An image popped into the prisoner's mind: a little girl, about five, brown hair in three little loops on the back of her head, sleeping in the back of a ship as Dameron glanced back at her; the same girl, hazel eyes squinting against the harsh sun, being dragged backwards by a large, lumpy creature. Crying, calling. 'Come back. Come back!' 'Quiet, girl.' It was HER. The girl from his dreams; the girl from the Academy. 'Run. Fast.' He froze. What was she doing there? In Dameron's memories? On Jakku? That meant…that must mean…she had survived. But how, why… Then his mo…Organa spoke again. "I need you to go to Tuanul village and meet with an old associate, Lor San Tekka. He claims to possess a map that will lead us to Luke. You know how important this is. How desperately we need Luke's help." The image of the little girl evaporated. Dameron, nodding. "I won't let you down, General." Delving further in, moving ahead, pulling at the memories now, dragging them forward one by one until Dameron cried out in pain…Tuanul, just before they arrived. Dameron, placing the map in the small orange and white droid, sending it away. Kylo Ren dropped his hand, backed out of the room. He had what he needed. He resisted the temptation to try and probe further about the girl. Better if he didn't know. Better for him. Better for her. FN-2187 His three minutes of water had long since run out, but FN-2187 was still standing in the shower. He had washed away the sand and blood from Jakku, but he couldn't wash away the memories. Of the woman…the one he had almost slammed into running around a hut; the woman clutching an infant to her chest; the woman who had brought up a long-buried memory of a woman who looked similar, screaming across another stretch of sand, never forget – you are loved. The woman he didn't - couldn't - kill. Slip…FN 2003…his bloody hand reaching up to touch FN-2187's helmet just before he died. Phasma had been right; protecting Slip during training had been a mistake. It had made him an easy target on a real mission. Of refusing to fire on the villagers; of Kylo Ren looking at him…into him… knowing . He had to get out, away, off the ship. Panic rippled through his chest. One more mistake and he would be sent for reconditioning, or worse. He had to leave, run – but how? He couldn't fly anything, and they were in space. His breath started coming in short gasps. There was no way out, there never had been, there never would be, not without a pilot… A pilot. His eyes opened wide. He grabbed a towel and quickly rubbed the remaining water from his body, jerked his underclothing on, ran toward the ready room to put on his armor. ANAKIN They were back on the other side, watching as the girl, the droid and the Stormtrooper made a mad dash across the sand toward a quad jumper, only to have it blasted to ash. They skidded to a stop and veered toward a bulky freighter that Anakin instantly recognized. I should, I spent enough time chasing the damn thing . "Shouldn't you, I dunno, help? Make sure they don't crash?" He asked Obi-Wan. "She's an excellent pilot. She won't crash. Of that I'm sure." Anakin scowled. "Then why do you sound so miserable?" "Oh, just thinking about how I ruined a little girl's life." Anakin wasn't sure what to say; he hated dealing with morose Obi-Wan. The older Jedi was right; he had taken the girl away from a life of peace and ease and thrown her into one of deprivation, loneliness and peril. Anakin paced, staring at the shadow of the Millennium Falcon as it skimmed the sandy surface of Jakku. It reminded him of watching ships coming and going when he was on Tatooine, wishing he was on every one of them, no matter where they were going. He stopped pacing as something suddenly occurred to him. "You know, if you and Qui-Gon had never come to Tatooine, I would have led a normal life. Peaceful. Ordinary. Sure, I was a slave, but eventually I probably would have been able to work my way to freedom. I would have grown up, become a mechanic or something, gone to the Pod Races every year on Boonta Eve, bet against Sebulba and lost all my money, gotten drunk and gotten mugged. Probably never left Mos Espa. No Jedi, no Darth Vader…just an ordinary guy leading an ordinary life in the armpit of the galaxy." Obi-Wan glared. "You suck at pep talks." "I'm not done," Anakin snapped. "Here's the important part: I'm glad you guys showed up. Took me away from there. Despite everything – everything , including Vader – I'm grateful. I wouldn't trade the life I lived for that other kind of life. Oh, I'd do things differently if I had it to do over again – at least I like to think I would. I like to think I would have stayed Anakin Skywalker, Jedi Knight." He clenched his fists. "I like to think that. But despite everything that went wrong – that I did wrong – I'm still so kriffing grateful, because I got a chance to be somebody, not nobody. And so does she." Obi-Wan managed a bittersweet smile. "Well, I'm not sure she'd thank me if she knew. But we'll see." He stroked along the outline of his beard. "We'll see." Notes: Ben and Poe playing is shamelessly based on me and my dumb cousins, back in the late 1970's. Sorry, Leia, for twisting the Working Mother Guilt knife. I'm a working mother too; I know how hard that is, but he needed you. Well, this is the last of the daily updates; I've caught up to what I have written of this story, and now I'll be posting as I complete new chapters. Thanks for reading and commenting; nothing makes me happier! Chapter 27 : The Tightening Gyre Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The Tightening Gyre KYLO REN The acrid smell of burnt electronics floated on thick, white smoke. Smoldering wires and bits of metal fell to the floor. Slashes along the wall and what was left of the console still burned, flames licking along the edges of the scarred metal. The little lieutenant stood still, frozen in place like a rabbit, eyes averted, as if that would prevent him from being noticed. Kylo Ren let out a few long, harsh breaths. The rage had mostly passed. He glared at the lieutenant. "Anything else?" The timid officer hesitated…clearly wanting to be anywhere else at the moment…but his military training prevailed. He must answer a superior. "The two were accompanied by a…girl." A girl. As soon as the words passed the lieutenant's trembling lips, Kylo Ren saw the face from Poe's mind; the face from the dreams he still had sometimes. She's running through a field of flowers. She's reaching a hand out toward him. She's saying 'hi', clear and crisp as a ringing bell in his head . She was supposed to be safe. He saved her. She couldn't – mustn't – come into contact with him ever again. It would not end well. But - maybe he was wrong. It could be anyone – some random pilot the traitor found to help him. He held out a hand, lifted the lieutenant to his toes, and dragged him, gasping and choking, relentlessly forward. "What girl ?" He growled. Mitaka – that was the name on the man's uniform – couldn't answer, since his trachea was being compressed - not that it mattered. Kylo could see in his mind that he didn't know. He dropped the poor man, who slumped to the ground, clutching his throat. "Dismissed," he said, and Mitaka scrambled to his feet and scurried away. Kylo stared at the smoking console. Lor San Tekka. Poe Dameron. A YT Class Corellian freighter. The girl from his dreams, the one survivor from the Academy. He could feel something in the Force, a swirling, tightening spiral, closing in on him, squeezing his chest and making his lungs burn for oxygen. Was it really her? He had to know, now. It was more than curiosity; it was a compulsion. He stalked to his quarters, sat on the floor. Meditation pose – he hadn't done that in a long time. He centered himself, tried to connect to the Force. It wasn't easy – meditation never was for him, but he had to know, and there was only one way. He felt himself drifting back through his memories. A rare event – in general, he preferred not to reminisce. He drifted, past dozens of burning villages, hundreds of pleading eyes…events that played out like holovids. He didn't feel remorse or guilt – he simply didn't feel about these acts. The Dark side had obliterated those reactions long ago. He moved on, further back, to his early years with the First Order, to when there was regret, and pain, and despair. Oh, he didn't like this. It hurt; it made him feel . But he pushed on, further back, to a time when there was nothing but pain and fear, a time when he was little more than a boy, quaking in Snoke's presence, desperate to please. And then he was there – the Jedi Academy. He could smell the fertile, loamy jungle earth, hear the wind slapping the huge fronds of the trees against stone…and there was the hallway, lined with doors of horror…the memories he had appropriated from the other Knights…and at the end, the secret door, small and plain and untouched for so many years. He held out a hand and the door opened a crack, and he peered in…and found her eyes staring back. Brown flecked with green and gold, and hidden behind them, her Force signature. A way he could find her. He slammed the door, rushed back, away from the hallway, away from the memories, back to his quarters. Back to his search. He'd never done it before – he hadn't wanted to know what happened to her. He hadn't even wanted to know if she had lived, although, if he was honest with himself, he always knew she had. But he had not wanted to think about her. He had locked her in that closet in the back of his mind and never dared open that door. Ever. But now he had to. He had to know. And then he did. He saw steam first, heard an emergency alarm blaring, then - a familiar interior. She was down in the mechanical hatch, hands flying over pipes and wires, something beyond intuition guiding them… This is the motivator. Don't ever open this valve, kid…unless ya want a face full of poisonous gas. He shook his head, clearing the memory of his…of Han Solo, and refocused on the girl. He couldn't see her face; he was seeing through her eyes, but he knew . He saw her Force signature, bright and clear. It was her. He pulled himself out of the trance, out of the Force, clenched his fists and spat out several Hutt curses. Why was she being flung back into his life? And why did he wish so desperately that he could have seen her face? REY Han Solo just offered her a job. A flying job. On the Millennium Falcon . So why didn't she jump at the chance? What was this compulsion she had to stay on Jakku? Did she really still believe her family would come back? The logical part of her brain knew how preposterous that was. It had been fourteen years. But there was something deeper that held her there. It was strange, really. Like something overriding her own mind; a soothing voice, with an accent similar to her own: You're waiting for your family. Who was that? Who was that? OBI-WAN They were sitting in a circle. He looked around at each face: Yoda. Mace. Qui-Gon. Anakin. "I have to help her," he said. "I have to release her from the mind trick – from the feeling that she needs to get back to Jakku. And I have to give her…guidance." Yoda nodded. "This we can do. The lightsaber we will use. Encounter it she will, and soon." Obi-Wan nodded. Notes: Yes, I finally updated this! My poor, neglected story! My other story has sort of taken over my brain. But I'm back with a short update here, and I'll have another soon...featuring the Force vision. Sorry this is so short; more - and more depth - in the next chapter. I hope you liked this little update, and if so, please comment. It makes me as happy as getting away from Kylo makes Lt. Mitaka. :) Thanks as always for reading, bookmarking, kudos and comments! Chapter 28 : Revelation Summary: Kylo Ren and Anakin are talking to each other, but no one is listening. Rey learns that she really enjoys some sensual pleasures (no, not that yet!) and the Force Ghosts play a part in Rey's Force Vision. Plus a surprise special guest! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ANAKIN The boy was talking to the helmet again. His voice was subdued; his tone reverent. "Forgive me. I feel it again. The pull to the light. Supreme Leader senses it. Show me again, the power of the darkness, and I will let nothing stand in our way. Show me, Grandfather, and I will finish what you started." Anakin Skywalker's Force Ghost was standing in front of him, beyond the helmet, beyond the impenetrable cloud of darkness that surrounded the boy. And he was anything but subdued; he was seething. He balled his hands into fists and pressed them against his temples, grabbed large handfuls of his hair and pulled, paced back and forth and flung his arms in the air, and screamed. "Gah! I'm right here , dumbass, and I've been trying to show you what I want for almost twenty years; all you have to do is look ! That's not me ! It's just a hunk of metal that Supreme Asshole Snoke had you go fetch and made you think held some part of me. But it doesn't. I'm not him anymore! If you could just see me. See me! I don't want you to do this – any of this. Stop…just stop. Stop and think for a Force-damned second. Didn't my son tell you? I was wrong. I knew it…at the end I did what I could to fix it. It wasn't enough. Nothing will ever be enough. But I did some good, at the end." He stomped and swore in Huttese. "You want to finish what I started? Go apologize to your mother. For both of us. Maybe, just maybe, if we both spend the next twenty years on our hands and knees in front of her, kissing her tiny little boots and apologizing for being such sorry sacks of sarlacc shit, it might – might – be enough." The boy stared at the helmet, waiting for a reply that would never come. Anakin stared at the boy, waiting for the same thing. REY She knew she should be thinking about getting the droid back to the Resistance, or taking in all the strange sights of Maz Kanata's castle-tavern, or just letting the presence of legends like Han Solo and Chewbacca wash over her. And she would do all those things. But at this moment, she simply couldn't think about anything except the food . First, the fact that it was given to her, freely. "The usual?" Maz had asked Han. He nodded, and she waved a hand and a platter of delicacies Rey couldn't even identify had appeared at their table. "I'll add it to your tab," Maz said, then, nodding to Rey and Finn, "Go ahead. Eat. Eat." And she had. And holy Force, the smells, the tastes, the textures. Rey had never experienced anything like it. That spiky orange and yellow fruit…when she bit into it, her teeth sank into it and the flesh melted against her tongue and released the most heavenly juice – thick and syrupy and yet fresh, it tasted like – she couldn't even describe it. Like sunshine after a sandstorm. It dripped down her chin, and she caught it with her fingers and licked it off, because it was the most sublime thing she had ever tasted…until she picked up the bumpy green thing. It smelled sharp and vinegary, and when she took a bite it was such a wonderful contradiction of almost painful sweetness and sharp spicy heat that she had to close her eyes. "How's the food?" Maz asked, her tone amused. "So delicious!" Rey reached across the table and grabbed a pink thing stuffed with green herbs, and it was even better. The pink fruit was crisp and sweet, and the herb was like deep green woods – pungent and peppery, but with a cool, minty kick at the end that made her open her eyes in shocked pleasure and smile involuntarily. It was only Maz's drop in tone, her mention of a fight, that drew Rey out of the simple, tactile pleasure of savoring fresh food. "What fight?" She asked around a bite of pink herb-infused fruit. OBI-WAN They were sitting in a circle, concentrating. Focused. "From the saber the vision will come. But guidance we can send. Strength. Direction. Break the hold of the mind trick, we can." Yoda nodded to Obi-Wan. "Ready are we." Obi-Wan nodded back. They were attempting a Force Meld; similar to Battle Meditation, but more refined, joining their minds to enhance their power. Obi-Wan led them, connected them, gathered their thoughts and emotions together. They found the girl – Rey – sitting at a table, enthralled by the story Maz was telling, but also overwhelmed. Now they were just waiting for her to hear the call. She was feeling small and alone again, like she always had. Obi-Wan looked at her face – she was full-grown now, but still so very, very young, her face soft and open like a blooming flower, and he wondered – they all wondered at the same time – 'were we ever that young?'. They watched, not with their eyes but through the Force, as she distanced herself from the conversation, let it fade away as something else seeped in and drew her attention. She walked away from the table, following the sound of a child crying, down the winding stair, down the stone corridor. Watched as the door opened and she walked directly to the wooden box, opened it, reached out a hand, barely bigger than a child's, hesitant but unable to resist. Touched the lightsaber and… A hallway in Cloud City. Anakin recognizes it, recognizes the breathing…his breathing…they're all there with him, with Luke – so young, so out of his depth, so determined. They still hear the crying child in the background. She's frightened – the child and the adult. The scene shifts and she's tumbling, the wall becoming the floor. She's confused, panicked. They're mesmerized by the vision, but they have to act. There's not much time. Yoda is the first to break through. "Its energy..." There's a scream…not just part of the vision, not one of them. Yoda manages to over-ride the voice. " ...surrounds us..." The vision is moving, Luke is crying out, "Noooo!" They all feel Anakin's anguish; realize that even as Vader, he felt a twisted love for his son, wanted him to want to be with him. Yoda struggles on. She needs to understand the Force. "...and binds us..." as Luke's screaming continues, and Anakin's anguish threatens to disrupt the meld. She's wet and cold and scared, facing seven masked figures…she can't tell if it's a memory or a premonition and they can feel her heart pounding as a red light saber pierces a chest. Obi-Wan fights; he knows he has to get through, has to help her. "You will be tempted. But you can not control it." He and Yoda seem to be the only ones who can speak to her. Yoda is being Yoda, esoteric and philosophical, trying to connect her to the Force. "…Surrounds us." Obi-Wan is more personal, speaking directly to her, kind and concerned, "The Force will be with you." Then another voice breaks in, the same one from the earlier shriek. "…any Jedi." She's running blindly through the woods, terror coursing through her, when she almost slams into a figure…the boy. Menacing, frightful, the red light saber hissing. She screams. The vision is almost over. Rey is a little girl, standing on the burning sands of Jakku, crying "No! Come back!" Unkar Plutt says, "Quiet, girl." She continues to cry. Obi-Wan struggles, fights to get through one more time. He's done this to her, he has to help her. "Rey? These are your first steps." He waves a hand, across time and space, and releases her from the mind trick that kept her rooted on Jakku. Then it's over, and Maz has found her, and when she says "I have to get back to Jakku," the words no longer have the power they once did, and she cries, knowing that no one is coming back for her. That no one ever was, and Obi-Wan releases his hold on the Force, retreats from the minds of his fellow Jedi, and cries, too, transparent tears falling in silence. It took them some time to recover; their energy was drained, their emotions were still overlapping. But when they did, Qui-Gon was the first to speak. "Someone else was there. Did you feel it?" He looked around the circle, into four pairs of eyes. They all nodded. Someone else – someone in spirit form, like them – had been there. "Who the frack was that?" Qui-Gon demanded. "Palpatine." Anakin snarled, spat the name out like he had eaten something vile. "What was that wanker doing there?" Obi-Wan asked, glaring at Anakin. "Why're you all looking at me? I didn't invite him!" "Well, he's your…your…you know." Obi-Wan shrugged. "I think the term you're looking for is 'Dark Overlord'," Mace Windu sneered. "Still pissed about the hand, aren't you?" Anakin snapped. "And the light saber. And the window." "Frack off. I thought you were trying to assassinate the chancellor." "Because your Dark Overlord told you so." "Stop! Bicker you will not," Yoda said, holding up his hands. "Discord he already sows. Past is past. Why he was here and what damage he did, or will do, we must discover. Fight for the Dark side, he will, always." They were quiet, then. If Emperor Palpatine had managed to manifest as a Dark Side spirit, they suddenly had a lot more to contend with. Notes: I used the movie, the script online and the novelization for the dialogue and details of the scenes here that I 'wrote around'. Hopefully I got everything right, and in order. Writing this section is very different from Part I; hope I've done okay. The dialogue for the Force Vision comes from the enhanced audio transcripts that are online. Palpatine speaking during the Force Vision seemed odd to me, and one of my reviewers at ff dot net mentioned wanting to see a Force-Ghost version of him, so…here he is. He'll be back (unfortunately?) to cause more trouble. As always, thank you so much for reading and commenting! It makes my day! :) Chapter 29 : Mere Anarchy Summary: Kylo Ren is along for the ride during Rey's Force vision, then he learns what a large-scale 'disturbance in the Force' feels like; Rey freaks out a little; Supreme Leader Snoke has a surprise visitor. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) KYLO REN He was standing on the bridge of the Finalizer. On the planet below, the mass rally was in full swing. Hux was speaking, swept up in the moment, full of emotion and intensity and righteous wrath. In contrast, Kylo Ren was silent, immobile. He was standing in front of the viewscreen where he knew he would see the weapon's blast. It wasn't that he wanted to see it; it was that he wanted to be prepared. Among the odder stories from his childhood that still lingered was the one his Uncle told (although never, ever in his mother's presence) of Old Ben Kenobi, reacting to the destruction of Alderaan, his mother's home world. Old Ben, light-years away from the planet on the Millennium Falcon , had suddenly gone pale, stumbled and felt faint. Sank into a chair as if his legs could no longer hold him, and said I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. Those words…Luke had said them so often it was like they were etched on his brain. It had just been a story. But now…well, he didn't want to collapse. To appear weak. So he was gripping the railing tightly, watching, waiting, anticipating. And then…he's somewhere else. A dim stone hallway. At first he thinks it's the hallway in his mind, the one from the Jedi Academy, but no. This is somewhere he has never been. He's walking down a winding stair, irresistibly drawn toward…something. A hand reaches out, toward an ancient-looking wooden box. Not his hand…the hand is small and bare. It reaches into the box, touches something…familiar. The hilt of a lightsaber. A lightsaber he knows. And then everything disappears and he's in a different corridor, and he sees…Grandfather? Yes, it is him…and Luke? Luke, young and blond, fighting him. "Hello?" Someone calls. No, not someone. Her. Then he sees her, at the other end of the hallway, running toward him…but then everything starts spinning and she's gone and he's standing in the rain, the Knights of Ren behind him, advancing on… oh, no. Her, again, on the ground, scrabbling backward, just like it had happened at the academy, only this time, she isn't a little girl. One of the knights raises his weapon toward her. Kylo – vision-Kylo – doesn't hesitate. He skewers the knight with his lightsaber. The vision shifts. Scene after scene, until he's in a snowy wood and there she is, again, running. She almost slams right into him, and she screams and falls backward, away from him, away, away, and he's reaching out with his mind to pull her back but she's gone. Gone. He was back on the Finalizer, still gripping the railing, still waiting for the weapon to fire. The vision had left him shaken; it was, he realized, her vision, not his. But he had been there, too. Why? He didn't have time to ponder it, because the weapon had been fired; he saw the blazing red blast shooting across and through space. He tightened his grip on the railing, waiting for whatever was going to hit him to hit him. When it did, it was like a wave of horror. A collective gasp that rose to a scream…so loud, rising and climbing. He wanted to fall to his knees and hold his head in his hands, but he didn't. He stood immobile, gripping the railing, riding out the wave of terror until he thought it couldn't get any worse. Then it did, because where there had been fear, panic, and noise now there was nothing. Nothing. And that was worse than the screams. For a moment, he felt pity for his mother. She would have felt it, too, but she wouldn't have been prepared. And it would be the second time she experienced something like this. He had never understood why she was so unwilling to talk about Alderaan. Now he knew. It was too terrible to revisit. Hosnian Prime had not been his home world; he didn't really have one, having lived on Coruscant and Chandrilla and Hosnian Prime and all the other planets that shared the rotating honor of hosting the New Republic and serving as its capital. The closest thing he had to a home was the Millennium Falcon , the one constant in a life of change. But he had lived there, on Hosnian Prime. He had known people there. And – although he had not been personally responsible for Starkiller - he had helped engineer their demise today. He would have liked to go to his quarters and be alone, but that was not to be. At that moment, his comlink buzzed. The droid had been located. On Takodana. This time he would not leave its retrieval to Hux's troops. He would go himself. He released his grip on the railing, only then noticing that he had actually put dents in the durasteel, and marched to his shuttle. REY She had to get out, had to get away. She was so confused and frightened and overwhelmed. What was that? What had just happened? And why had it happened to her ? Maz had said someone could come back, but who…Luke? She didn't know. Someone. Someone would come back…for her? To her? She ran and ran, tumbling over roots, being smacked in the face by branches, until she heard a beep. She spun around to see BB-8. She stopped, panting, and crouched down beside the droid. "What are you doing? You have to go back. BB-8. No, you can't - you have to go back, you're too important. They'll help you." She argued over his beeps until she heard another noise. Ships overhead. She looked up, and saw TIE fighters, and a large black shuttle, coming in for a landing, wings folding with elegant menace, and she knew, somehow she knew. Whoever was coming for her was on that ship. She had to help her friends. They were still in the castle. She turned and ran faster than ever, toward the castle. Toward the danger. SUPREME LEADER SNOKE Supreme Leader Snoke had not felt fear – real fear – in a very, very long time. He chastised himself for feeling it now; but then, he supposed it was understandable. After all, it was a rare thing to be confronted for a second time by one's murderer. Said murderer, however, was now standing in the center of Snoke's audience chamber. Well, not exactly standing. Manifesting would be a better description. "You're going to lose him." The visitor didn't bother with preliminaries. "Hello, Sheev," Snoke hissed, rising from his chair and approaching the shimmering blue apparition. The visitor laughed, an oily, unpleasant sound. "I have not gone by that name in a very long time. I don't think I'll return to it now." "What would you prefer? Chancellor Palpatine? Darth Sideous?" Snoke asked, circling his unwanted guest. The visitor gave a half smile. "You once called me apprentice, but now I prefer…Emperor." Supreme Leader Snoke returned the half-smile. "You do know who I am. So nice to be remembered." "Oh, I remember you well, old friend, from before you called yourself Supreme Leader Snoke. I remember when you were Darth Plagueis the Wise." The Emperor gave a snide smirk. "Not entirely wise, though. I remember cleaving your skull with my saber." Snoke touched the indented scar on his head. "Yes. Thank you for this, old friend . It is a constant reminder to fight against the weaknesses of attachment and trust." "I would ask how you managed to survive, but the truth is, I don't care. As I am already most thoroughly dead, whatever you did to keep yourself alive is of no use to me." Snoke returned to his stone throne and sank into it. "Then why are you here?" "I doubt you'll believe me - and I can't say I blame you – but I'm here to help you." "Help me?" Snoke sneered. "Why would you do that?" "Because without my help…You. Will. Lose. And the light will win." "I think not." "Really? Are you aware that your apprentice is, even now, being tempted by the Light? Being pulled to it? By a girl?" Snoke scoffed. "A girl? If he wants a girl let him have her. I recall you had many." Palpatine's smile turned lascivious for a moment. "Indeed. But none of them were latent Force-sensitives sent by the Jedi with the express purpose of stealing your apprentice back to the light." Snoke was still, silent. Finally, he said, "Farseeing was always one of your gifts. One I often made use of. Tell me what you know." He made face, then said, through clinched teeth, " Emperor." Notes: Eww, I just got in Snoke's head for a bit. I need to shower. So, I'm not sure who Snoke really is, and I'm not married to any theory, but the 'Snoke is Darth Plagueis' theory worked well for this story, and it does seem plausible: Plagueis could influence midi-chlorians to create life and to prevent people from dying, so thinking that he could have managed to save himself, or come back to life after Palpatine killed him isn't that impossible. Plagueis was a Muun. Here's a description: "A thin, tall species, Muuns have pasty-white skin. Their bodies are elongated and thin, with equally elongated and thin heads." And here's a description of Snoke from TFA novelization: "Tall and gaunt…humanoid but not human...a pink, pale face so aged it verged on translucence." Similar, anyway, so it could work. And it makes the interactions with Palpatine much more interesting to write. Thank you so much for reading and commenting. It lights up my day! Chapter 30 : If You Can Keep It Summary: The Force Ghost Jedi Council have a mission for Anakin that he'd rather not take. Hux reflects on the success of Starkiller Base. And Kylo Ren picks up a girl. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) OBI-WAN It hit them all like a wave, a wave of terror and horror and death. Obi-Wan remembered feeling it, before, on the Millennium Falcon – a great disturbance in the Force – but this was even worse. Larger, louder, more painful. They were all silent for long moments, grieving as the Force grieved. Obi-Wan glanced at Anakin. "Why must it always be a superweapon? Why so much death? So much senseless destruction?" Anakin averted his eyes. "The Death Star wasn't my idea. It was Tarkin's project…and Palpatine's." Palpatine. Obi-Wan sighed. Silence stretched on again. Finally he spoke. "Have you thought about what Yoda asked?" Anakin lowered his brows. "I don't want to." His lips pursed into a pout. "I understand, but.." Qui-Gon broke in. "Look, we all understand. But we still need you to do it. You knew him better than anyone, and if any of us can recognize his Force signature, find him, it's you. And we need to know what he's up to." "No one's asking you to engage him. Just do a little recon," Mace added. Anakin sat silent and stubborn. Finally he spoke. "I don't think I'm strong enough, okay? You don't know what he's like. And now? Dark Side spirits – they're not like us. They…it drives them mad, the darkness. And I killed him, betrayed him. Defied him. He can't let that stand. If he senses me…he'll want me back, on principle. And to…punish me. And I'm afraid he might…that I might not be able to resist him." "This fear you must overcome. The path to the Dark side it is, but only if you let it control you. Your lesson you have learned about that, no?" Yoda said. "What he is doing, we must discover. If your grandson you want to save." Anakin sighed, chewed the inside of his lip. Obi-Wan looked at his friend, caught his eye and held his gaze, sending him a wave of reassuring energy. "Listen. We weren't there for you last time. You had to deal with him alone. He isolated you from us, and…we were guilty too. We pushed you away. It won't be like that this time. We're here for you. With you." Anakin's jaw twitched. "And look, mate, I'm here this time, too," Qui-Gon added. "You'll go with me? If I look for him?" Anakin asked, and for a minute Obi-Wan saw that small slave boy with the pink cheeks and blond hair and glittering blue eyes. "Yes. We'll go with you. And we won't let him get his claws into you again." Qui-Gon said. Anakin gave a single nod. HUX He sat in his office, behind his pristine desk. He reached out, straightened a stack of files, squared their edges. Wiped a stray fingerprint off the shiny black desktop with his handkerchief. It had been a success. A feat of technological perfection. And he was responsible for it. Introspection was not part of Hux's nature. Any inclination toward it had been trained out of him, by his father, by the Academy, by the Supreme Leader. Still, he allowed himself a moment to consider the impact of Starkiller. It was necessary. He truly believed that. The Republic – it was weak, ineffectual, bloated. It claimed to champion freedom, but what it actually provided was…nothing. No real protection, no real help in times of disaster. It couldn't. So lawlessness and chaos overtook outlying systems; pirates threatened trade routes, local warlords rose up to protect the people the Republic couldn't – and then fought each other for territory, destroying valuable resources. Each planet made its own rules; travel was dangerous; trade was impeded by corruption or bribery, spice flowed like water - and the Senators sat in their cushy conference rooms and talked and talked and talked, endlessly debating every petty point of order, every angle of advantage, when action was needed. Yes. The Republic was an infection, and it had to be cut out. This attack was not wanton destruction. It was surgical. Precise The Hosnian system. Billions of life forms. There one minute, gone the next, in a flash of light and heat. No one at the rally had seen anything like it before, not even the few old Imperials who remembered the Death Star. After it fired, there was silence – awestruck, horrified, exultant – he didn't know. War was ugly. War destroyed. That was its nature. He took no pleasure in the deaths of the people of the Hosnian system, but he also felt no remorse. Wars were not won without loss of life – but one could sometimes choose which side those lost lives were on. Hux had minimized the loss on the side of the First Order, and even some on the other side. This would eliminate the need for long, grisly engagements, dogfights in the skies over countless worlds, ships exploding or crashing down, littering planet after planet, turning them into junkyards like Jakku. Billions of lives for tens of billions. It was a fair trade. But as he had stood and watched the weapon fire, he hadn't been able to help thinking, "Maker, what have I done?" It was a waste, such a loss of life. But it had served its purpose. In his opinion, it need not ever happen again. The elimination of the Republic and most of their fleet, and the knowledge that the First Order had this capability should end this war before it really started. There was no need for another demonstration. Systems would see the wisdom of acquiescing to the First Order, and then, then the galaxy would see order. Security. Peace. It had served its purpose, and he had been responsible. He flicked a piece of lint off the edge of his trousers, stood and straightened his jacket and returned to the bridge. KYLO REN He felt her presence. The girl. The one. Why did she keep coming back to him, when he tried so hard to deliver her from himself? It was like something… something …no. That was stupid. Why would the Force keep flinging them together? That sounded like something out of one of those dumb holovids that used to be on in the Resistance common room during the day. Regardless. He would have to find some way to get her to tell him where the droid was, then he would...incapacitate her and that would be that. He found her easily, stepped out from behind a tree and was about to speak when…she shot at him. He brought up his lightsaber, deflected the blast easily. And the next one. And the next. Her eyes flashed with panic and fear and murderous intent. She wasn't just firing blindly, she was trying to kill him. And doing a damn good job of it, he thought, as he deflected what would have been a clean head shot. This wasn't the helpless child he remembered. This was a half-feral woman full of violent fury and deadly determination. He wanted to know her. He held out a hand and froze her in Force-stasis. She gasped, struggled. He stalked closer, studying her. "The girl I've heard so much about. You would kill me, knowing nothing about me." He couldn't keep the awe out of his voice. She was so pure, so authentic in her intentions, in her actions, her fear becoming action without any hesitation. It was beautiful. He circled around her. Her face was contorted and she was trying not to cry. He didn't want to make her cry; he wasn't sure what he wanted…to send her away, to keep her forever. "Something. There is something… Who are you ?" Who was this girl? His only good dream…she was so tiny, running in a field of flowers. Just another youngling at the Academy…but one that wasn't afraid of him. That clear sweet voice in his head. His mutinous act of mercy, saving her from the massacre. How, why were they connected? And why couldn't he look away from her? But he had to focus on his mission. "The droid." He held his light saber close to her face, felt her fear; so uncontaminated, so violent. It was delicious. "Where is it?" She wouldn't answer. He knew she wouldn't. So…the other way. He was surprised at how glad he was that he'd have a chance to look . He flicked off the lightsaber and held a hand to her face, the edge of his glove grazing her skin…something, like a slight electric current, hummed through him at the contact. She was straining, terrified, refusing to look at his face, trying to fight something she didn't understand as he entered her mind. He needed to know, needed to find out who she was, but all he saw was sand, heat, hunger. Her whole life – or what she knew of it – was just that. She was a scavenger, crawling through crashed ships, retrieving anything of value to trade for a miserable subsistence of portions. She remembered nothing before that. Her memories stopped fifteen years ago. Before that was…blank. Nothing. Not just vague or cloudy memories, nearly forgotten due to time and trauma but nothing . As if it has been wiped clean. Strange. But he saw no reason she would be connected to him, no reason she kept popping back into his life. Maybe it was just coincidence. He removed his hand and was somehow glad to see the relief on her face. "Is it true, then? You're nothing special after all? You're just a – Jakku scavenger?" She looked hurt, insulted. He returned to her mind, searching for…what? The droid? Yes. He had to proceed with all haste, find the droid, forget this girl. She was nothing to him and he was wasting his time. He was less careful this time, less gentle, although not nearly as rough as he could be. Tears streamed down her face. And then…a new surprise. "The map. You've seen it." Why had the droid shown it to her if she was inconsequential? She was fighting him now, or trying to…she didn't know how. But she was trying with all that beautiful, untouched violence and fear that was within her. She wanted to scream. He wouldn't let her, kept her frozen. He didn't want to make her scream. A subversive voice in the back of his mind whispered, 'Yes you do, just not like this'. He ignored it. He was almost glad when he heard explosions nearby, when several Stormtroopers showed up and told him Resistance fighters had arrived. And then he made a snap decision, out of instinct, out of something subconscious that he couldn't explain if he had to. "Pull the division out. Forget the droid. We have what we need." She had seen the map. He would take it, find Luke Skywalker, prove himself yet again to the Supreme Leader. And drop her back on Jakku, safely out of his life. And then he flicked his hand at the girl and she collapsed. He stepped forward, caught her because, well, she was falling, and then swooped her into his arms. She was so small. And soft. And warm. And she smelled like sun and starship fuel and fruit. And that slight electric hum was still there, everywhere there was contact. He could have handed her to the Stormtroopers who were studiously not paying attention to him, but he didn't. He settled her against his chest, an arm under her shoulders and another under her knees and carried her to his shuttle, walking with purposeful strides, ignoring the riot of conflicting emotions that were demanding to be felt. But he refused. He would not let himself feel…all these things. Whatever they were. Notes: The chapter title 'If You Can Keep It' comes from a quote by Ben Franklin, who said, as he emerged from having helped write the US Constitution, in answer to someone who wanted to know what sort of government the then-new United States had, "A Republic, if you can keep it." The New Republic, it seems, could not keep it. And I think it fits the other sections too…Anakin wants to keep his hold on the light. And Kylo Ren? What does he want to keep? ;) I decided to write the Takodana forest scene from Kylo's POV only, because the novelization writes it from Rey's POV, so that's already been done in canon. I tried to combine aspects of the script and the novelization, because there's a lot more in the book and I wanted to include some of that, but it doesn't mesh together perfectly. Hope I merged it okay. For the Hux section, I based it on what he said in his speech, and I also read interviews with the crew of the Enola Gay. I felt a little bad using that, because WWII is not really a fair parallel– I'm pretty sure the Republic or Resistance wasn't working on their own version of Starkiller Base, and there wasn't exactly an ongoing declared war between the FO and the Republic, so it was more of a terrorist attack than a wartime bombing – but the articles were actually very helpful, as research. Hux doesn't see himself as a bad guy; he sees himself as bringing order to the galaxy. He sees himself as being on the right side of history. I think we all want to feel that way. So, that was sort of serious. Now back to fanfiction! Next chapter, Anakin's going to have to spy on Palps. Han and Leia AND Kylo and Rey are travelling together. So what happened on those ships? (No, not that!) Thanks for reading, kudos, and comments! Comments are like free desserts…they make everything better! Chapter 31 : Coalescence Summary: Han sees his son again, for the first time in so long, and time stands still for him. Anakin and Obi-Wan watch as a single moment changes everything. Anakin has an opinion on the best way to carry a Kenobi (but I prefer Kylo's way). Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) HAN Everything around him faded away – the flames, the explosions, the blaster fire, the shouts of the earnest young man who was clearly not a member of the Resistance. All of it disappeared and his world shrank to a single figure. Tall. Dressed all in black. Masked but unmistakable. Han Solo rarely lost his cool. Calm under pressure was his thing . He was the definition of cool, always ready with a smirk and a wisecrack. Not this time. His blood had turned to ice water. He tried to breathe, but his lungs weren't working right. His vision greyed around the edges and tunneled, and he felt dizzy, like when he gained altitude too fast and had to tighten his stomach and thigh muscles to fight g-LOC and hypoxia until the life support system rebalanced. His face tightened, but his lower lip quivered anyway. Ben. Not-Ben. Time slowed, stopped as he watched the figure march through the battle and up the ramp of a shuttle. "He took her, did you see that?" Finn was panicking, tears actually running down his face, but Han couldn't care right now. He was lost to the past, lost to pain and regret. Of course he had seen it. The man in black, carrying Rey, limp as a ragdoll. Taking her. Han knew why. Knew what she had seen. Knew his son's abilities. Don't try that mind-reading crap with me, mister, or I'll tell your mother. "Yeah, I know." He couldn't meet Finn's gaze, just shoved him aside and brushed past him, walking toward another ship. A ship that held another piece of his past. Another piece of his broken heart. ANAKIN He watched from the other side, motionless, enthralled. If he had still needed to breathe, he would have been holding his breath. Obi-Wan, beside him, did the same. They followed the boy's progress, through the forest, across the battlefield, seemingly oblivious to the danger but really, Anakin knew, hyper-aware of it and able to protect himself and his limp burden easily. Well, maybe not so easily without dropping her. Over the shoulder, dumbass, so you have a free hand, he thought. They leaned forward as he strode up the shuttle ramp, their eyes tracking his progress. They could see the Force swirling around them – Ben, Rey – swirling and tightening and almost caressing them. He wondered if they could feel it. Surely the boy could; the girl, probably not since she was deeply unconscious. Didn't matter. It was there. The ramp closed and they watched the shuttle lift off, watched the TIE fighters form up around it. Anakin felt Obi-Wan shudder and he put a steadying hand on his shoulder, sending a wave of energy through the touch. "She'll be okay." Obi-Wan nodded, patted Anakin's back. "So will he." Notes: Because Han's face in that scene! Gah. He might not have been a great father, but that was the face of a man with a broken heart. G-LOC: G-force induced loss of consciousness - a loss of consciousness occurring from excessive and sustained g-forces draining blood away from the brain causing hypoxia (oxygen deficiency). One way to stave it off is to tighten the muscles in your abdomen and thighs (kinda like a Kegel), which prevents blood from pooling in the legs (therefore keeping it in the brain). It's way more complicated than that but that's the best I can do. I know this was a short update; I'm sorry! I'm going to take a short break from this story until I finish my other story, "Commemoration". Writing two at the same time is getting confusing and more than I can handle, so I want to focus on one then the other, and I'm a lot closer to finishing that one. So I'll be back, and when I get back I will focus completely on this one. I promise I'm not abandoning this story; it's my baby and I love it. So stick around and when I come back the updates will happen more quickly! Thank you to everyone who has stayed with this story through the dark times. Things finally really are coming together. Thanks for reading! And of course, comments are life and love!