“Finn you don’t have to do this.” Rey’s eyes are still red from the previous night. They talked this over a million times. Thinking about all the other ways they could get this information. But time is running out and millions, if not billions, of lives are on the line. Finn knows General Hux. He served under him for years before he was able to leave the First Order. The man is as stubborn as he is ruthless and he’s not going to break. He created some of the worse interrogation practices used by the First Order himself after all. “I know, but I’m going to, because it’s the right thing.” He cups Rey’s face and presses a chase kiss against her soft lips before he turns away and steps into the interrogation room. He knows that if he waits any longer he's going to end up changing his mind. Rey wanted to be there with him, but Finn can’t do it with her in the room. It’s hard enough having Leia and Luke with him. He doesn’t want Rey to be in the room when he destroys any possibility of every being able to go through with their plans of forming a force bond. The ultimate connection two individuals can form. They need access to Hux mind. Unfortunately they don’t have Kylo Ren’s many years of training under the Dark Side of the Force to be able to do what the Sith can do. Rey had tried, using what little he had learned from Kylo. But Hux had enough skills learning to protect his mind from force invasion to keep her out and she wasn’t strong enough with those skills to push deeper. There is another way. Most Jedi refused to use it. A Force bond can be dangerous. It bonds people together, forever, forming a two-way connection between them. For normal individuals it can be a painful risk, if one of the parties dies or they drift apart later on. But for a force user it introduces a whole new risk. There was a reason why the Jedi order was against Jedi forming attachments. Strong emotions can be a pathway to the Dark Side. Being force bonded to someone so full of hate and anger is an even bigger risk for him. Finn knows all of this. He also knows that a force bond is the only way they are going to get inside Hux mind. Leia bonded with Han Solo long ago. They can’t risk Luke doing it of course. That left Rey and Finn. There was no way Finn was going to risk Rey doing it. He’d seen her fight with Kylo, she’d walked a line close to the pull of the Dark Side before. Her having access to Hux’s mind and emotions was too much of a risk to take. So that left Finn. That brought him here. Hux’s hands and legs had been secured to a chair. Even with a bruise already forming bellow his eye (Jessika had to knock the General out before he bit one of Poe’s fingers off), his red hair is wild and he lost his coat and jacket somewhere along the way. There’s not a hint of fear in his eyes. But there is a familiar snarl there. Finn moves his eyes away from the General to stare at Leia and Luke. The two of them are looking at him with a look of concern and regret. He tries to offer them a smile. ‘I’m ready.” “Really? You’re going to get the ex-stormtrooper to torture me?” He looks at Finn and laughs. “I hope he’s better at that than he was at killing.” “We’re not going to torture you. But we are going to give you one last time to tell us what the First Order is planning.” They had gone radio silent for a while after Starkiller Base. Until recently when they had started to hear reports of movement again. It was during one of those missions that they had come across a smaller colony, and discovered and captured Hux. Word spread like wild fire. Soon it seemed everyone from both sides wanted the General. For torture, for recovery, it didn’t matter. They don’t have a lot of time before one of them gets here and takes him away and then any chances of getting information will be gone. Most of them want Hux dead. And he would take his secrets to his grave. “Do you worst. I’ve dealt with Kylo Ren.” It’s the only response they get from him. “Are you ready?” Luke asks, stepping towards Finn. He’s not, but he nods anyway. He sits across from Hux who is now glaring at him with disgust and hate. “Reach for his temple with both hands.” Luke instructs and Finn does. “Mind reading, really? Don’t you think I know how to protect myself from your tricks?” Hux sneers. “We figured that already.” Finn says. “That’s why we’re not doing that.” Nothing happens at first. Finn is certain it won’t work for a moment. But then there’s a hint of confusing in the other’s expression before the buzz in the back of his mind starts. “Finn?” He hears someone ask. But the buzz is getting louder and his head is starting to hurt. Luke had said this type of bond wasn’t supposed to hurt like the instruction done by Kylo Ren. But then this type of bond is usually formed by two willing people. His vision began to blur as the buzz was replaced with burning hot pain, he tried to keep the connection open for as long as he could before everything in his line of vision went white. He came to lying on the floor. Rey, Luke and Leia were standing over him. The look of concern in their eyes reminded him what he was supposed to be doing. “Naboo.” Finn tried to sit up, but the movement made his stomach twist and his vision blurry again. “There’s something in Naboo they want. Kylo Ren is going to be there.” When realization hit them he watched Leia suddenly stand up and storm out of the room. Already giving away orders. That left Luke and Rey to help him up. “How—“ Finn began before she cut him off. “I heard you screaming.” Rey says solemnly. That explains why his throat hurts. He remembers something else. Turning around. Hux is lying against the chair. His eyes blown wide. He can see already drying tears running down his face. But the only thing he can focus on is the look of pure hate he’s currently directing at him. Or the similar feeling spreading in the back of his mind or the matching hateful thoughts he knows deep down are not his own. He pushes all of this down and lets the other two Jedi walk him out of the room and into his own quarters. - The banging on his door was way too loud. Finn really tried to answer or get up and open it. But his limbs felt heavy and his head hurt. He wasn’t sure how much time had passed. Only how much he’d spent turning around on his bunker, fighting back flashes of images that weren’t his own. Dark cloudy skies, a warm smile from a woman he didn’t recognize, the hard look from a man he’d never met. A large humanoid figure that made him want to pull away and hide. It was all too much. “Finn?” He flinched away from the voice. From the hand on his shoulder. “Poe go and find Luke.” “No!” Finn finally forces himself into a sitting position. Poe is already standing by the doorway and Rey is sitting beside him. Just one quick look at their expression is enough to make him feel guilty for ignoring them. “I’m fine…just trying to get used to all these new…feelings.” He knew Rey didn’t believe him. “Finn you have been stuck in your room for almost two days.” That was impossible. He was sure it had only been a couple of hours. “Kriff…” His hand jumped to his temple. More pain, more flashes. “My head…” Rey planted a hand against his chest and pushed him back down on the bed. He heard the sound of shoes disappearing down the hall and knew Poe as on his way to find Luke. He tried to focus on Rey’s warm hand against his chest. “I didn’t know it would be like this.” “It’s not supposed to.” She sounds angry and worried at the same time. Finn tries to keep his eyes open and on her. Rey always managed to calm him down during his worse days, but today it does nothing to ease pain. Resistance scum. Finn pulls away from her touch, missed the look of hurt that crossed her expression. “I don’t think this is a good time to be touching me.” He whimpered. He wasn’t getting memories anymore. But Hux’s emotions were a whole another monster to learn to control. “We followed your intel. Some of the pilots are already leaving for Naboo—Leia wanted Poe and me…” Rey drifts off. “It’s alright, I’m going to be fine.” Finn says louder than before. He doesn’t want to have gone through with this plan only for people to get hurt anyway. “Rey, leave us.” He heard Luke’s voice after a long moment of silence. He felt Rey reach for his shoulder again and flinched away from the touch. Her hand stops midway before she stands up. He can’t turn to watch her leave. It’s only when he hears the door to his room close that he dares turn around. “Breathe.” Finn swallows. “I can’t—“ The air around them feels heavy. Luke places a hand against his head. It’s cooler than Rey’s had been. The pain does get better though. It becomes a humming sound in the back of his mind. “It wasn’t supposed to hurt this much.” “I know.” The older man does sound sorry. “Hux is more knowable in the Force than we realized. We should have prepared you better.” But there was no time. “He’s hurting himself.” If he’s doing this on purpose the feedback has to be two-way. The fact that he hates them so much he would bring pain to himself to get back at them is almost funny. “Rest.” Finn’s not sure he can. But Luke’s voice is comforting enough and before he realizes it he ends up drifting off again. - He wakes up a bit disoriented at first, but much better rested. He’s not sure what Luke did, but he’s thankful never less. The base is quiet. Finn guesses everyone is still off in their mission. He’s also hungry. Eating sounds good. He should do that. He’s instead making his way across the base towards where they keep their prisoners. “Lieutenant Finn? He hears one of the guards ask. “I’m here to see the prisoner.” The two guards exchange a look. “We’re not really supposed to let anyone in, sir. Not until General organa returns.” “I’m here to see the prisoner.” Finn repeats. “You’re…here to see the prisoner. Of course, come along sir.” Finn follows one step behind them. There’s something off. The humming in the back of his mind is getting louder. But there’s something else. A voice. It pulls him forward. “Open the door.” This time the guards don’t try to argue with his request. Hux looks ten times worse than last time. There are dark circles under his eyes and his hair is even messier. He’s sitting on his bunker staring straight at Finn. “Tell them to leave.” “Sir.” The second guard asks. “Leave.” When they leave the door open, Finn doesn’t bother to close it. “You should have never done that traitor.” Finn frowns. “You know nothing about me.” Finn should have never come down here. Finn should have never gone through with this plan. There’s something wrong. “You called me here.” Finn is suddenly afraid. He shudders when Hux trails the back of his hand against his cheek. He should call the guards back here. Tell them to take him, to put him in one of the cells until Luke is back. Instead he focuses on Hux eyes. They look clouded over. It’s a miracle the older man is still standing. “You’re going to get me out of here.” Hux declares. No. “Yes.” - Poe is the one who finds him hours later. One of the X-Wings is gone. It a huge lost for their already limited fleet. At least they had been using one of their secondary smaller bases for this. They’ll still have to move out. It won’t be long before Hux makes it back to the First Order or Snoke. They leave behind whatever they can’t take and are long gone when the First Order gets there. Finn feels guilty, of course. But Leia places a hand on his shoulder and shakes her head. “We should have known. We underestimated him. We should have never gone through with this.” Luke explains that distance from Hux should help when Finn offers leaving the base. Unwilling to put anyone at risk. Hux used that bond to control Finn without him even noticing it. He doesn’t want to risk the other still having access to his mind now that he’s back with the First Order. “That won’t be necessary. The bond should not be as strong now that you are so far apart. We should have done that the moment you got the information that we needed.” Luke continues. His words are meant to be a reassurance. But Finn still feels the guilt. He allowed Hux to escape, not only that but he helped him escape. They might not blame him but he still blames himself. That night he lies in bed with Rey curled across his back. He missed their clones. With Hux off base he can think more clearly again. There is still an itch in the back of his mind. But it’s small enough he an easily ignore it. Instead he presses his palm against the back of her hand and feels her smile against his shoulder. “It’s going to be alright, we are going to be light.” Maybe they’ll never be able to share the bond they always wanted. But Finn believes her words. “Thank you.” She wraps her arms tighter around him. Soon he hears her breathing even out and knows she’s drifted off. Finn smiles and closes his own eyes. This is the calmest his mind has felt in days. He almost misses the familiar voice that rings inside his head. “Goodnight, FN-2187.” -