When Rey wakes up, she is certain of two things — one is that she is in an incredible, unprecedented amount of pain. One is that brooding, infamous, Emmy award-winning heartthrob Ben Solo is hovering several inches away from her face. Okay, so she’s dead. Strike that. She’s in too much pain to be dead. Her head is throbbing , so badly that it feels like there’s a heartbeat inside of it, banging against her skull. Other parts of her, too — indistinct, but coming into a brutal focus. She hears the steady sound of beeping, the hum of electricity, everything too loud and grating and pulsing in her ears. “Rey?” For fuck’s sake. Now she knows she’s dreaming, and a rather inconvenient dream at that. If she were going to have some sort of weird “meet Hollywood’s hottest enigma” fantasy in her sleep, could she at least have one where it didn’t feel like her brain was about to rip itself out of her skull? “Rey,” he says again, in that rich, familiar voice she has heard on screen countless times. “Rey, are you awake?” Her eyes are open, or at least they must be — the slit of light is blinding, and she closes them again immediately. She tries to make a sound, but nothing comes out of her, like there’s something in her — Oh, shit. There’s something in her throat. Her eyes snap open then, the Ben Solo thing falling to the wayside immediately. She tries to suck in a breath and it comes too quickly, too impossibly, and when she swallows she can feel it, whatever the hell is jammed down there — “We need some help,” she hears him saying, “is anybody — ” “She’s fighting intubation.” “She’s awake, she’s — she just woke up, and she — ” There’s someone hovering over Rey now, a woman she doesn’t recognize. “You’re okay, honey,” she says to Rey, “just calm down. I’m going to remove the tube, okay?” Rey crushes her eyes shut and hears the beeping increase. “Is she — are you sure she should be — ” “Mr. Solo, please, I’m going to need you to take a seat,” says the nurse calmly. Rey focuses on her voice as she feels the strange and unsettling sensation of the tube getting pulled out of her throat, gagging at the ridiculous length of it, wondering if this excruciating moment is ever going to end. When it finally does her eyes snap open and she is gasping, her throat hoarse and her eyes streaming and everything coming into a merciless kind of clarity. “You’re okay,” the nurse is telling her, “just breathe.” She is breathing, can’t the woman hear that? She’s breathing so loudly that it sounds like a damn avalanche in her own ears. “I’m going to get the doctor,” she says. “I’ll be right back.” Rey blinks at her, still gasping. She’s leaving? The nurse is just going to glide on out and leave her with Ben fucking Solo like this is a perfectly normal thing to do? What the fuck kind of hospital was this? And what the hell happened to her? She feels a sudden warmth on one of her hands. Her limbs feel like jelly; the touch is a reminder to account for herself, and after a brief panic she finds herself wiggling her toes, shifting her palms into the bed. Everything is moving, but Christ, does it hurt. The ache is so pervasive that she can’t even begin to find the source of it. “Rey,” he’s saying, again in that stupidly familiar voice. Rey finds herself flinching, embarrassed that she is clearly hallucinating in the wing of some hospital — and not only that, but the hallucination is talking to her. “Rey, I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry.” She squints at him, taking him in. It’s Ben Solo alright. His eyes are bloodshot and that perfect mane of hair is all rumpled and he looks like he hasn’t slept in days. He looks like the character he played in that movie where he had to save humanity from the alien hoard that brought on an unprecedented plague that killed, like, 90 percent of the earth. Only then he was safely behind a movie theater screen, and not staring into her eyes with an agony that she cannot even begin to fathom. Rey opens her mouth and tries to answer him, but there are two minor inconveniences stopping her: one is that her throat is killing her; the other is that she has no fucking idea what to say. She is mercifully spared the effort of having to figure that out when another woman walks in, presumably the doctor that the nurse left for. “Mrs. Solo,” she says warmly. “I’m glad to see you awake.” Rey blinks at her stupidly. She would laugh, if she could. The woman wastes no time, pulling out Rey’s chart, peering at the monitor that Rey now realizes is regulating her heartbeat. “I’m Doctor Kanata,” she says seamlessly. “How are you feeling, Rey?” Rey opens her mouth. “Like … shit,” she manages, the words like gravel in her throat. The doctor laughs, and so does Ben ( FUCKING ) Solo — only his is this desperate, relieved kind of laugh, pressing a hand to his face and running it through the tangle of his hair like she’s just made his damn day by being the smart aleck she is. “That’s to be expected,” says Dr. Kanata, checking more of her vital signs and scribbling something into her chart. “Tell me, Rey, what do you remember about the accident?” She hesitates, staring at Ben motherfucking fuck shit fuck Solo, wondering why the doctor seems to be entirely okay with the fact that a movie star is just chilling in the hospital room of some dumb teenage nobody. The man is suddenly reluctant to look at her, and Rey can’t blame him. She already knows she looks like shit. Her breath feels stale, her skin greasy, everything grimy and off-balance, like her body doesn’t belong to her. She looks back at the doctor. “I don’t …” she manages. Because she is racking her brain, she really is — but she can’t remember anything that would have landed her here. She presses into her brain and tries to remember what she was doing, gain some kind of insight, but it’s all coming up blank. “That’s alright,” says Dr. Kanata at once. “That’s perfectly normal with patients with head trauma. I’m just going to ask you a few questions, okay?” Rey tries to nod, and winces at the pain. Ben (Jesus almighty what the fucking FUCK ) Solo squeezes her hand in his, and she has to very determinedly not look at him, because if he is a delusion she doesn’t want to freak her doctor out by acknowledging him. “Do you know what day it is?” Rey purses her lips. “Tuesday?” she rasps hopefully. Dr. Kanata allows herself a small smile. “Close,” she says. “It’s a Monday. I meant, do you know the date?” It’s as if there is a hollow space in her brain where it should be. “No,” she confesses. “Do you know your name?” Rey frowns a bit. “Rey Kenobi,” she says at once, relieved that at least she can answer that. Inexplicably, Ben Solo flinches beside her. Dr. Kanata writes something down on her clipboard and asks her in this gentle voice that immediately puts Rey on guard, “Rey, do you know what year it is?” This she can answer. “2011,” she says at once. The word seems to suck the air out of the room. Ben (seriously, what the hell? ) Solo’s hand goes limp in hers. Dr. Kanata peers at her from over her clipboard with a suspiciously neutral expression on her face, searching Rey’s eyes with an unsettling kind of thoroughness. “Rey,” says Ben Solo, speaking for the first time since the doctor entered the room. “Rey, you can’t possibly — ” “Mr. Solo, if you don’t mind,” says Dr. Kanata sharply, “I would like to speak with Rey alone for a moment.” It’s only then that Rey feels the cold sliver of dread working its way between her ribs. “What happened?” asks Rey, but Dr. Kanata doesn’t hear her over the sound of Ben: “No, I don’t want to leave her.” “It’s only for a moment,” says Dr. Kanata lightly, but in a way that conveys enough authority that Rey finds herself instantly calmed by it. He still hesitates, this apparently not-delusion of the movie star sitting beside her. He strokes the top of his hand with his thumb, his gaze lingering on her. “I’ll be right back,” he murmurs to her, in a way that she thinks is supposed to be reassuring, but only confuses her even more. She nods at him vaguely, because she doesn’t want to be impolite. He removes his hand from hers, and leaves behind a strange emptiness that she can’t quite explain — her gut clenches in this unfamiliar way, like she is somehow less herself when he is not around. She is both relieved and apprehensive watching his retreating back, meeting his eye as he turns back one last time to look at her before leaving the room. Dr. Kanata settles herself on the edge of Rey’s bed. “Where’s Finn?” Rey asks, before the doctor can even open her mouth. Because it’s only then that it occurs to her — if there was an accident, there is no doubt that Finn was involved. The two of them do everything together. They live together, go to school together, work in the same crappy bar together, grocery shop together, huddle through scary thunderstorms together — “Finn’s not here,” says Dr. Kanata gently. Rey’s breath hitches. Shit. Shit, shit, shit . Her entire body shudders, rejecting the idea of it, unable to fathom a world without him. “What happened to him?” Rey asks, her eyes stinging in earnest now. Dr. Kanata’s brow knits. “Oh, Rey, no,” she says quickly. “He went home to rest. That boy has been here for hours every day since your accident. I’m sure he’ll be back soon.” Rey releases a watery, disintegrating breath. “Oh,” she says, with a relief that threatens to incapacitate her. “Then — then what — what happened? Is he okay?” “Finn is fine,” says Dr. Kanata. “It’s you I’m worried about.” Rey nods carefully, far too aware of the pain in her head. “What happened to me?” she all but whispers. Dr. Kanata’s eyes are almost unbearably kind. There is a pity in them that terrifies Rey. In all the years she has been alive, there have been so few people who have ever seen her, really seen her — aside from Finn, she has never seen real empathy in another person’s eyes. But Finn is her best friend. This is a stranger. And the way she is looking at Rey right now, she knows that she is in for some terrible news. “You were in a car accident,” says Dr. Kanata. “You — ” “Was I driving?” Rey asks at once. “Was anyone else hurt?” “No,” says Dr. Kanata. “No one else was hurt. You were in the passenger seat.” Her voice is a little softer, a little more cautious. “Your husband was driving.” Rey stares at her for a moment, waiting for her to crack a smile, or nudge her, or do anything to indicate that it’s a joke. “My husband,” says Rey carefully. She laughs, the sound of it a little manic, even in her own uncertain ears. Dr. Kanata nods at her. “Rey … I want you to know, that this is not insurmountable, and certainly not permanent. But it seems that the head trauma you have suffered may have caused some significant gaps in your memory.” Rey doesn’t have to hear the heartbeat monitor to know that her blood is pulsing through her with a new and terrifying speed. “Gaps?” she echoes. Dr. Kanata waits a few moments before speaking again, presumably to wait for Rey to calm down. “What kind of gaps?” Rey demands, not giving her the chance. Dr. Kanata takes Rey’s hand. “Rey, it’s 2016.” Rey gapes at her. “No, it isn’t,” she insists. When Dr. Kanata doesn’t react, Rey barks out a laugh, hoarse and hollow. “No, it’s — it’s not. I’m … no. What? No.” “As I said before, it doesn’t necessarily mean your memory loss is permanent — ” “How long have I been out?” Rey asks breathlessly. “About a week,” says Dr. Kanata at once. “A week? ” Rey manages. She breathes in, breathes out. Actively tries not to freak out in front of this woman, because freaking out is not a thing that Rey does. Her whole life she has been calm, cool, collected — how the fuck would she have survived with Unkar otherwise? She does not do this. She is in control. She is … “You said I have a husband,” she says. Dr. Kanata nods at her again. “ Who? ” she demands. She knows for a fact it is not Finn. She would never have married Finn, not even in the “if we were both 40 and single” way. They were like brother and sister — and besides, Finn had just started dating that handsome airline pilot, and Rey didn’t even want to be in a relationship and fuck, fuck, fuck , she is 19 and can’t be married , but — She does the math, quickly and terribly. Nineteen plus five years and — shit . She’s 24 years old. She’s 24 fucking years old , and married to — “Ben Solo,” says Dr. Kanata gently. “The man who was just here.” Rey doesn’t react. She isn’t certain how she should. This is clearly a joke, some kind of sick, sick joke. “No, I’m not,” she says at once. Dr. Kanata presses her lips together. “I’m not ,” Rey insists. “You can’t remember,” says Dr. Kanata. Rey shakes her head, and instantly regrets it. Fuck , her skull is aching. “I — I’m not married to a god damn movie star,” she says. “I’m — I’m nobody. I’m just, I’m just Rey, I’m just — no. I’m not married. I’m — ” I’m too young to be married, too messed up, too unlovable, too weird, too scared . It all swells up in her in one horrible burst, every tiny, unthinkable insecurity that she has never let herself address. The backs of her eyes are stinging. No. No . She’s not going to lose her shit here. That is not what she does. She blinks it back and stares at Dr. Kanata, her face hard. “Five years of my life are missing?” she asks, her voice steely. Dr. Kanata squeezes her hand. “That is certainly how it looks right now,” she says. Rey sucks in a breath, trying to ground herself. “I’m married? ” she asks again, even though the answer is already clear enough. She peers out toward the door that Ben Solo just left out of, somehow acutely aware that he is hovering just outside of it. “For almost two years,” says Dr. Kanata somberly. Rey’s brow furrows. “How do you … ?” As Dr. Kanata’s expression shifts, the understanding dawns on Rey in a slow and sickening kind of way. Ben Solo is famous. If he had married someone, it would no doubt be publicized in all the usual ways — splashed on the covers of magazines, popping up in Google alerts, spread with trending Twitter hashtags. Rey may be as disconnected from that world as a person can get, but even she cannot pretend to be ignorant to it. Dr. Kanata knows she has been married for two years because, if whatever the fuck is happening to her right now is real, everyone on the planet knows she has been married for two years . “Oh,” says Rey, to spare Dr. Kanata from having to explain. Dr. Kanata considers her for a moment. “You’re the patient, Rey,” she says. “You’re in control.” Rey waits her out for a moment. “Okay,” she says warily. “Do you want me to let him back in here,” Dr. Kanata asks, “or would you rather be alone?” Rey considers her offer carefully. On one hand, she is genuinely intrigued by this turn of events. If there is even a shred of truth to what Dr. Kanata has told her, then she has so many questions that she cannot even begin to fathom. Right now what she has is Point A — Rey Kenobi, foster kid barely aged out of the system, undeclared major at Niima University, best friend of Finn Trooper and chronically single — and Point B, being wherever the fuck she has landed herself just now, bruised and bandaged and married to one of the most famous men on earth. On the other hand, she is, for the first time she can remember in a long, long time, genuinely afraid. She has heard Ben Solo speak, seen him laugh, seen him cry, seen every line and crinkle and tic on his face — but it was all behind a movie screen. For all that she is familiar with him, he is an utter stranger to her. She is married to a man she doesn’t know. “Rey?” Dr. Kanata prompts her. Rey gnaws on her lower lip, which is every bit as raw as the rest of her. “Can we … can we wait until Finn comes back?” she asks quietly. Dr. Kanata doesn’t hesitate. “Absolutely,” she says. And after a beat: “Knowing that rascal, it’ll be a few minutes at most.” For the first time since waking up, Rey breathes a sigh of relief. Even if her world has been flipped upside down — even if she is more than half-expecting to wake up from this as a painful, disjointed, ridiculous nightmare — there is one person she has always known she can count on, one constant she will never take for granted. It doesn’t matter what the universe throws at her. As long as she still has Finn, she knows she’ll be alright. “Is there anything you want me to tell Ben?” asks Dr. Kanata, as she walks toward the door. Rey wracks her brain for something, anything — even one tiny instance that she could summon to make this right. All she finds is a persistent and almost cruel blank. She stares down at the white of her hospital sheets. “No,” she says. Dr. Kanata nods, and excuses herself from the room. The strange thing is, Rey feels badly about it. The stranger thing is that she has no idea why. Chapter 2 Notes: TRIGGER WARNING: mentions of past abuse! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Soon after Dr. Kanata leaves, Rey falls asleep. It is dreamless, blank, and entirely unhelpful. She wakes almost disappointed in herself, primed from fiction novels and movies to believe that she’ll somehow magically remember everything through some kind of dream. Instead, she wakes up to one Finn Trooper, who is staring down at her with wide, bleary eyes. “ Finally ,” he mutters. Rey smiles broadly, her lips dry and chapped. “Finn,” she says hoarsely. He leans down and half-hugs her to the extent that he can, with Rey laying on the hospital bed like this. She can already tell even with his face obscured that he’s tearing up a bit. Of the two of them, Finn was always the one who wore his heart on his sleeve. “You scared the shit out of me, Rey,” he says as he pulls away from her. Rey starts to answer him, but then his face is in focus and she is, for a moment, astounded by him. It’s not that Finn looks all that different. It’s just that — it’s not her Finn. This man stands up a little straighter. This man is wearing a nice grey shirt and a leather jacket Rey doesn’t recognize. This man’s eyes are a little fiercer, a little less wary. This man is Finn, five years older and wiser. And somehow Rey has the distinct sense of being left behind. “You know that I … I can’t …” she starts. Finn nods. “Dr. Kanata told me,” he says. She waits for a moment before she says anything, hoping to gage something based on his reaction. Nobody knows her better than Finn. The smallest solace is that if Finn is still in her life, then she can’t have mucked it up too badly, right? But Finn’s face doesn’t change at all, still the picture of concern. He hasn’t looked at her this way since that time a few days before her eighteenth birthday, when Unkar threw that dish at the back of her head as she made her way out of his apartment once and for all. It made her uncomfortable then, but it’s nothing compared to the level of uncomfortable it’s making her right now. “Five years,” she says lowly, half to herself and half to him. Finn shakes his head a bit. “I’m trying to remember five years ago. So I can catch you up. You were sleeping, so I — I wrote some stuff down …” She cracks a smile, watching Finn rifle through his jacket pockets to find a notepad. “You nerd,” she teases him. “Some things didn’t change,” he says amiably. She reaches up, her arm aching with the effort, and touches his forearm. “Thank god for that.” Finn mindlessly takes her hand and lightly scratches the inside of it the way he has since they were kids, and that simple, familiar gesture is more reassuring than anything on his notepad could be. She scrutinizes his older, but still essentially Finn face. “It feels like … like I fell out of a time machine,” she says. “Tell me, am I raging bitch in the future?” Finn looks up at her through his list and deadpans, “The worst.” Rey grins. “What are you now, anyway? Did you — are we all graduated? What did we …” Of course, all the questions seem to circuitously lead to the same question still screaming in the corner of the room: How the hell am I married to Ben Solo? Or, more accurately: How the hell am I married to anyone at all? “We graduated, yeah,” he says, frowning a bit as it seems to hit him just how little she really does remember. “I can, uh — I’ll show you the pictures, we’re pretty goofy looking.” “You picked a major?” she asks. “I picked one, too?” Finn nods. “History for me,” he says. “Computer science for you.” Her grin wavers a bit, only because it is just occurring to her that if she really doesn’t get her memories back then it’s a right waste of four years of education. She can’t remember any of it. She must have discovered some knack for it, because in what she remembers she had never expressed any interest in learning about computer science before. “Do we have jobs?” she asks, wondering if she should be anxious about that, too. Finn nods again. “I’m a student teacher at a high school,” he says. “And you — well, you were working for a startup, before you married, uh, Ben.” And there it is again. “Before I married Ben,” Rey repeats, just to see how the words feel on her tongue. If she is hoping that they’ll summon any kind of specific memory or feeling, she is disappointed. There is nothing there except the vague things she already knew about him because she had an internet connection and it was impossible not to know things about him. “So I don’t have a job?” she asks. It seems so unlike her. “No, you do,” says Finn. “You’ve been setting up charities. Helping kids in the city.” “With Ben Solo’s money,” she says, a little grimly. “It’s not — how it sounds,” says Finn quickly. “Not, like, trophy wife-ish. You’re always busy now. You’ve been teaching girls how to code and visiting hospitals and lobbying for legislation to protect foster kids and actually, y’know, making a difference.” This is the part where she asks him the natural segue into what she has been wondering ever since Dr. Kanata dropped the bomb. How, how, how . It feels strange to ask Finn, though. It feels like letting someone carry her somewhere when she should be able to walk there perfectly fine on her own. But no matter how much she presses into her head, there’s just … nothing. And she realizes she doesn’t want to hear it from Finn. If she is going to find out how the hell all of this happened, she has to hear it from Ben Solo himself. “What the hell else happened while I was out?” she asks, trying to stay upbeat. “Uh,” says Finn. “Well — let’s see. The Kardashians are basically demigods. You dyed your hair purple after you lost a bet to me in 2013, but it’s back to normal now. Leo finally got an Oscar. Obama was reelected. Gay marriage is legal! And, uh.” At this, Finn looks uncharacteristically bashful. “On that note, I’m actually engaged.” “ Finn ,” says Rey, her mouth dropping open. “To whom? ” Finn grins. “Sorry, sorry, this is so weird,” he says, “it’s just — you made that same face the last time I told you, a few weeks ago, when we — ” “The last I remember you’d just gone on a few dates with that hot pilot, what’s his name, Poe — ” “Dameron,” Finn finishes for her, holding up his left hand. Rey puts a hand to her mouth. “Well, shit ,” she says happily. “Yeah,” he says. “And you’re best man for both of us, so … we’re going to have to bring you up to speed pretty fast in the next few months.” “Oh,” she says — not at the idea of being their best man, but because it occurs to her in a more real way that her memories might not have returned to her by then. That she will be navigating a world that she has nothing to do with. She is laying here in the brain of her 19-year-old self and, in a matter of days, will be expected to live a life she is nowhere near equipped to live. Teaching kids to code? Running charities? Being friends with Finn’s fiancé? Being married to Ben Solo? “He wants to come and check in on you, when you’re up for it,” says Finn, his voice a little gentler now. Rey stirs herself from her thoughts. “I’d like that,” she says. Finn pats her hand and says, “You’re tired. You should get some rest. I’ll leave the list here with you, so you can take a look at it whenever.” She smiles at him gratefully. “Thanks, Finn,” she says. “Whatever the hell has happened in the last five years, though — it doesn’t really matter, as long as I’ve still got you.” His eyes water a bit at that. “Always,” he says, nudging her a bit with his fist. “I’ll be right outside if you need me.” “Finn?” she says, before he can get too far. He stops at once, and she can tell by the look on his face that he already knows exactly what she’s going to ask. “Am I … are we … Ben Solo and I,” she says carefully. “Are we happy together?” He takes his time answering. Rey tries not to let those few seconds fill her with dread. “I don’t know much about him, honestly,” says Finn. “I mean — aside from what you’ve told me. He’s kind of … he doesn’t talk much. The strong and silent type, or whatever.” Rey raises her eyebrows. That doesn’t answer my question , she wants to tell him, but one look is all she needs to communicate that. “But every time I’ve asked about it, you’ve told me you love him,” says Finn, shrugging. “I can’t understand it, but I can’t argue with that, either.” “I love him?” Rey asks. It’s an absurd question. Of course she must. Why else would she have married him? “You do,” says Finn. “I can see right through you any time you try to lie about something. You know that. So I know you meant it, if that ... helps at all.” It does and it doesn’t. She doubts at this point anything really will. “Do you want me to let him in?” asks Finn. “He’s still right outside the door.” Rey considers him for a moment, and says softly, “Is it bad if I say no?” Finn shakes his head. “You take as much time as you need.” Time moves too quickly here, it seems. Rey blearily wakes some hours later with no sense of what time it is, and sees the outline of Ben Solo’s face through the window at the door. He moves quickly out of the way, or maybe he doesn’t; Rey doesn’t have her wits about her yet. A little bit later Dr. Kanata comes in and they prop Rey up for a bit and have her walk around the room. She catches her reflection for the first time in the bathroom mirror — the ugly stitches on the side of her brow, the bruises on her chest and her shoulders, the swelling in her eyes. She looks away quickly, but not quickly enough. Rey has never been very vain about the way she looks, but she is used to the way she looks, and now … “The swelling will go down,” Dr. Kanata assures her. “And those stitches are getting removed tomorrow.” Rey nods nonchalantly. “Oh, good,” she says, pretending she hasn’t just spiraled into a one-woman existential crisis. “Your husband has been asking about you.” Rey flinches. “Rey?” She blinks it back. “Your husband,” Rey repeats, trying to smile. “It’s just … I’m not used to hearing that.” Dr. Kanata’s eyes are kind, but her words are firm. “You’re going to be discharged tomorrow, Rey. You need to decide what you’re going to do.” Rey knows what she means, even if she wishes she didn’t. “I want …” She takes a stubborn breath. What she wants is to go back to her apartment with Finn, the tiny one room studio they crammed two beds into, the one they couldn’t afford the heat for so they spent their nights huddled under electric blankets. What she wants is to wake up and eat Captain Crunch on the floor and go to classes she pays through the nose for and blearily take the bus to her shift at the bar and make some rich Hollywood execs a bunch of overpriced drinks. What she wants is her life back. She fought for 18 years to have what she has. Years of hurt, of uncertainty, of foster home after foster home and the eventual misery of living under Unkar’s thumb. And now every fragile construct of the new life she built for herself is gone. Finn offered to take her home anyway, to the apartment he and Poe Dameron share. Rey wants to take him up on it, but even with the five missing years she knows she shouldn’t intrude on them. She chose a home for herself. With … Ben Solo. She has spent her entire life trusting her gut, depending on her instincts — just because she can’t remember what they were doesn’t mean that she wasn’t following them when she made that choice. “I’ll, um,” she says, knowing that there’s no going back on it once she says it. “I’ll go home with Ben.” It feels strange to call him by just his first name, and not the whole thing. Dr. Kanata perks up a bit. “So you’re starting to remember?” she asks. “No,” says Rey. Dr. Kanata is probably too kind for her own good. Rey knows she is not supposed to do what she does next, and the fact that she feels the need to makes Rey somehow feel even more anxious about the whole thing. “Here’s my number,” Dr. Kanata tells her, pressing a business card with a personal number written on it into Rey’s unsteady hand. “You call whenever you need to, okay?” Nobody aside from Finn has ever been this kind to her. Rey smiles, even though she knows she will never call. “Thank you.” This time, when they let Ben Solo into her room, Rey has her hands in her lap. She doesn’t want him taking them again, doesn’t want to try to dissect the weird undercurrent of his touch. Her heart flips a little bit when he walks in, wearing those perfectly-fitted jeans and a pair of sunglasses pushed back on his head, exhausted but still every bit the movie star from the pages of Us Weekly . She is expecting him to say something, but he doesn’t. He just hovers by the door, infuriatingly handsome and ridiculously real . “Look,” says Rey. “I don’t … well, obviously I don’t remember any of this. Of you.” She is staring too intensely at his face and cannot miss the wince in his poker face, that same face she has seen a thousand times, enlarged on movie screens, so close she could see the flecks of color in his eyes. Ben just nods, never breaking eye contact. It’s almost eerie. Jesus, he’s some kind of beautiful. And she’s a wreck. Not just because of the accident — she’s always been one. Clothes all over the apartment, hair yanked into messy buns, too cheap to even afford drugstore makeup, always running late to class or to work or getting herself kicked out of the library at closing hour. She’s a goddamn disaster. “So if you … I mean, I guess, if you want to just, uh — if you would rather not …” She has to look away from him, because the whole thing is so surreal . She is offering a divorce to a man she hasn’t even met. “Rather not what, Rey?” “Be married to me,” she finishes lamely. “Because I — ” “Rey,” he says at once, “I am married to you. I want to be married to you.” She flusters a bit, not expecting such an immediate or solid response. “Um,” she says weakly. “Okay. But what if I …” She almost doesn’t finish the sentence, because there is some indefinable sense of dread. What if she breaks this off in her knee-jerk way, and then she does get her memories back and regrets it for the rest of her life? “You’re scared,” he says, his voice calm. “You don’t know me.” “I don’t,” she says, the tiniest bit relieved that he seems to have accepted that. “But you did agree to come home with me, so that’s something,” he says. His eyes have this magnetizing quality to them. She wonders if she had this much trouble looking away from them when they were married. “Let me do that. Let me take you back home, Rey. And if you don’t remember anything, and if you really are unhappy there, then I promise I will not stand in your way.” Home . The word sounds so foreign to her. The idea of it is so enticing that she can almost forget it comes with a side of ridiculously hot husband/movie star. “Okay,” she agrees. He takes a few steps closer to her then, and she is embarrassingly relieved she has been freed from the heart monitor. “I’m so sorry, Rey,” he says again. It is just as wrenching as the first time, but for all of the depth in his words, she cannot seem to absorb them. “I was the one driving. It was raining, and I was distracted, and I — you almost died because of me.” She’s supposed to tell him it’s okay. She’s supposed to forgive him. He is her husband, after all. “What happened?” she asks instead. “The car fishtailed, and flipped, and — hit a guardrail,” he says, as if the words are too thick for his tongue. It is strange, how for a moment she feels so disconnected from him that she might be watching him in a movie theater again. He is so tortured, so sincere — but bizarrely, she has seen him look like this before. Right after he lost his fictional little sister in that horror movie about the forest, she thinks. But the words he says next summon an expression she has never seen on his face before: “I thought I lost you.” Rey bites her lip. “Well,” she says, clearing her throat, uncomfortable with the weight of this conversation with a man she doesn’t know. “It seems you’re stuck with me, for the time being.” Ben Solo doesn’t exactly smile, but he seems to almost come close to it. Then he is rifling in his jacket pocket and pulling out something small, something that briefly catches the light. “When they had to take the ring off of you, they gave it to me for safekeeping,” he says. “You don’t have to wear it, I just … thought maybe you’d want it back.” The ring is simple, beautiful, and just to her taste. She stares at it pinched between his large fingers and finds herself taking it from him, more out of curiosity than anything. Experimentally, she slides it onto her left hand ring finger and stares at it, hoping that the little diamond will speak to her in some way. “I could have gotten you a much nicer one,” he says. “I wanted to. But you insisted on this.” Rey puts her hand down, leaving the ring on it. “That sounds like me,” she says. In fact, it is the only shred of herself she has been able to find in this entire situation. This silly, inconsequential ring has suddenly become her one huge relief. His hand is on hers again, skimming the ring with his fingertips. There is no denying it then — the strange, imperceptible shiver that goes up her spine. She looks up at him, wondering if he feels it too, or if this is just one more way her heart is trying to compensate for everything she has lost. “You really don’t remember any of it?” he murmurs, his touch lingering. His gaze isn’t meeting hers. “No,” she says, waiting for his eyes again. “But hopefully I’ll remember soon.” It takes him a moment to respond. “Hopefully,” he echoes. There is something guarded in his eyes when he finally looks at her. Rey pretends not to notice. She is afraid, she is confused, but above all she is curious — and she can’t get the answers she needs unless she looks like she trusts the source. She tries to smile at him. “Well, then … let’s go home.” Notes: I'm just too excited about the Rey's parentage shenanigans this weekend to not update twice. REYLO TRASH AHOYYYYYY. Thank you guys so much for the reviews and the encouragement, I'm super pumped about this one!! Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Before Rey leaves, a high strung, tall red-haired man enters her hospital room unannounced. He’s got a dry cleaning bag over one shoulder and a giant plastic makeup carry-all in the other hand, and he’s looking at Rey with his pale eyes like he wants to set her on fire. “Let me be clear,” he says, plopping the items down unceremoniously on her bed. “I don’t care how hard you smacked your head. We were not friends before your little accident, and we aren’t friends now.” “Uh,” Rey manages, waiting for some kind of punch line. “I’m sorry, who are you?” “Hux,” he says sharply. “Jesus, you’re a disaster. I told them to have you shower before I got here.” “I did,” she says defensively. “What are you — ” “Stop talking, it’ll make it easier for me to fix … this,” says Hux, gesturing in distaste to the general area of her face. He snaps open the plastic carry-all to an array of very expensive looking makeups — powders, blushes, shadows, lipsticks, and a bunch of things Rey doesn’t even have the wherewithal to identify. He grabs one of the tubes and scowls at her, clearly trying to strategize. “Are you some kind of … makeup person?” Rey asks. If looks could kill, Rey would be dead several times over. “I’m Ben’s public relations representative,” he says haughtily. “I manage his appearances, his appointments, his social media, his everything. Including, unfortunately, you.” He starts sponging at her face, surprisingly tender around the bruising and cuts for someone who looks like he just pulled a jailbreak from a court-regulated anger management course. “Why do I need all this makeup?” says Rey. “Did I not tell you to stop talking?” Hux snaps. After a moment, he mutters, “I don’t know if you’ve Google searched yourself since your little incident , but you’re a celebrity in your own right. Anything you say or do is a reflection of Ben’s image, which I have worked very hard over the last decade to craft. I’m not going to have you stumble out of here looking like some shit reenactment of Gone Girl when the paparazzi inevitably show up.” “ Gone Girl? ” Rey repeats dumbly. “What’s — ” “This isn’t rich unfulfilled lady book club, this is serious business. Now open your mouth. We’re going with a soft burgundy lip so you look less like you just crawled out of a crypt.” She decides, despite everything, that she kind of likes Hux. He’s the only person who has treated her like a normal human being since this whole shit show began. When he’s finished with her face and has sprayed her hair into oblivion, he half-tosses the dry cleaning bag at her and tells her to get changed. She limps over to the bathroom, her joints still bruised and aching but remarkably functional, given the number the accident did on her brain. She unwraps the plastic and finds a pair of light wash skinny jeans, a thin white t-shirt, and a beige leather jacket. As she pulls off her hospital gown, she gets a glance of herself in the mirror and is momentarily stunned by what she sees. The woman staring back at her is … well. She’s surreal. She looks better than Rey ever looked on her best days. Her face has lost some of its babyishness, her cheeks thinned out a bit from time. Hux’s makeup job is subtle, but surprisingly effective, her eyes soft and the hazel in them bright in a way she never could have managed on her own. Her hair is longer than she remembers, set in soft curls that frame her face. Despite the shadows of the bruising, despite the gash on the top of her head, despite every ache and sore and the pulsing pain in her skull, she looks … beautiful. She tears her eyes away. It’s unsettling. It is one thing not to recognize her own husband — it’s quite another not to recognize herself. “Hurry up in there,” Hux snaps. “I don’t have all day.” Rey stifles a laugh. “Coming, Hax,” she says. “It’s Hux .” She opens the door. “Sorry, I forgot!” she lies merrily, flashing him a grin. He sneers at her. “Here,” he says, handing her a sleek purse. “Your phone and your wallet are in there.” “My phone?” Rey yanks the purse open at once. It’s not a phone she recognizes — it’s slimmer, wider, sleeker. The background is an image of Rey getting lifted up in the air, Finn grabbing onto her legs, and the man she recognizes as Poe Dameron grabbing her shoulders. In the shot she is laughing so hard that her eyes are scrunched shut, her mouth wide open in a happy yelp, all three of them in swimsuits at a beach Rey doesn’t even recognize. She is so momentarily stunned that she forgets to try and open it. When she does, she is halted by it asking for a six-digit passcode. “What’s the passcode?” Rey asks. Hux scowls at her. “It’s your phone.” Rey types in her birthday. Then she types in Finn’s. “It won’t open,” she says. “That’s what you get for not installing touch ID.” “Touch what?” “We don’t have time for this,” say Hux, his nose already buried in his own phone screen. “Ben just pulled up with the driver downstairs.” “But I …” Hux isn’t listening, already headed for the door. Rey lingers for a moment, staring down at the smiling faces on her phone screen in frustration. She is certain if she could just open it — if she could just see the pictures on the photo reel, or the notes she left herself, or the last few texts she sent, maybe she could piece it back together. The little phone is like a lifeline to a past she can’t remember, but without a passcode it’s as worthless as a brick. She can’t quite follow Hux, still aching from the accident. He begrudgingly waits for her, only speaking to make a large fuss about how they can’t have Rey pushed out in a wheelchair because of appearances, and he’d settled it with the other on-call nurse before. Rey mostly tunes the argument out, wishing Finn were here, wishing anybody familiar were here. Only on their way out does Rey realize that they’re in Manhattan, somewhere on the Upper West Side. She and Finn went to school in the city, of course, but they were living in the Bronx and commuting downtown. She can count on one hand the number of times she’s been in this part of the city, but if she closes her eyes she can picture their apartment so clearly in her mind that it feels like she was in it yesterday, smuggling in toilet paper from the university bathrooms and splitting three dollar bottles of wine. At the lobby to the hospital Rey suddenly feels dozens of eyes sticking to her. She looks around curiously, not sure where to focus — everyone is staring. Her first impulse is to scowl at them, but she is too taken aback by the weirdness of it to remember how. I don’t know if you’ve Google searched yourself, but you’re a celebrity in your own right , Hux had snapped at her. Do these people … recognize her? Just because she’s Ben Solo’s wife? “Don’t forget to smile,” says Hux through his teeth. “What?” The doors to the hospital swing open, and the light is blinding . Rey gasps, stumbling back as the roar of dozens of people screaming hit her ears. “Rey, is your husband using again?” “Do you blame him for the accident?” “Is it true that you’re pregnant with his co-star’s twins?” “Rey, Rey, look over here, sweet cheeks, let me get a snap of that scar on your head — ” At first Rey is too dumbstruck to move, cameras being shoved into her face from all sides. She flounders there for a moment, telling herself to just plow through them, but she seems to have lost some vital connection from her brain to her body. She is suddenly dizzy, a little weak, even, in this unreliable way her body has never been. “Excuse me,” she manages, feeling like the air is getting sucked out of her lungs. Of course, nobody moves, and the crowd has already swallowed up stupid Hux. “Rey, is it true that you’re filing for divorce?” “Do you have a response to Miley Cyrus’s snub on Instagram?” “Do you suspect someone tampered with the brakes of your husband’s car?” Rey makes herself breathe in and breathe out. She is more than equipped to handle this. She was cool as a cucumber the time she got mugged, managed to bite her tongue through ten years of Unkar, and has held her own in dozens of situations more frightening and dangerous than this. She stares straight ahead toward where she is pretty sure the road is, commanding herself forward — but instead, she finds herself swaying slightly on her feet. If anything, the clicking of the cameras increase tenfold. Fuckers , she thinks to herself, wondering just how much money a picture of her eating the pavement is really worth if they’re all losing their damn minds over it. But just before she bites it, she feels a strong pair of hands steadying her; she looks straight up into Ben Solo’s face, his eyes dark and furious as he moves to wrap a firm arm around her shoulder and let her lean into him. “All of you, back the hell up now ,” he thunders, loud enough that it actually stuns the crowd into a momentary lull. His grip around her is fierce, protective, unyielding. She never would have thought from the few stilted interviews she had watched him give over the years that he would be capable of this kind of ferocity, and judging by everyone’s reactions, they weren’t expecting it either. “Rey, are you secretly in rehab for — ” Before Rey can so much as make eye contact with the paparazzo talking, Ben has, in one swift motion, shoved the camera out of Rey’s face hard enough that he man stumbles back. “That’s enough, that’s enough ,” says Hux quickly, and only then does Rey see that Ben’s fist is cocked at his side, ready to strike. “Get in the car.” “You were supposed to sneak her out of the side ,” Ben growls at him. Hux deliberately ignores this, all but shoving Ben and Rey toward the back seat of a black car. Ben stops at the door and helps Rey ease herself inside; she is shaking everywhere, so tired even from the brief walk out of the hospital that she feels the way she did that time Finn dared her to bandit the New York City marathon without a lick of training their freshmen year. “What the fuck , Hux?” Ben demands the minute the doors are closed. “We agreed — ” “The public needed to see her,” says Hux unapologetically. “The way the rumors are picking up — ” “I don’t give a fuck about rumors,” he says, “she just suffered severe head trauma, you can’t just throw her out to the wolves like a piece of meat — ” “I’m sorry,” says Rey, wincing, “could we maybe just, uh — keep it down a bit?” Ben instantly backs down. “Sorry,” he mumbles. “Are you okay?” She isn’t, really. It’s taking everything in her not to just slump like a ridiculously well-dressed rag doll against the leather seat of this car, decidedly the fanciest car she has ever been in. But she figures they aren’t far from wherever they’re going, and she can get some rest, then. “Yeah,” she says stubbornly. Her phone is still clutched in her hands. “Ben, when’s your birthday?” His dark brows lift in surprise. “What?” “Your birthday,” she says. “Is that your phone?” he asks, something in his voice changing. “Yeah,” she says, “but I don’t know the pass code. It’s not my birthday or Finn’s, so … I was thinking maybe …” Ben almost seems to hesitate. “October 13, 1985,” he says. She types in the numbers. “Nope,” she says. “Our anniversary?” This time Ben doesn’t answer. She looks up at him, trying to gage the reason. It shouldn’t be a sensitive topic — after all, if she is as well-known as that pack of insane people back there seem to think she is, their anniversary is basically public knowledge. “January 18, 2014,” says Hux from the passenger seat up front. “January,” says Rey, to fill up the awkward silence. “Isn’t that an odd month to get married?” She types it in and it doesn’t work, either. When she looks over at Ben, he is staring very determinedly ahead at the seat in front of him. She opens her mouth to ask him if there are any other important dates, any other numbers she might have shared with him, but something in his posture stalls her. The feeling is almost familiar. As if there are things she has wanted to tell him before, things that she has swallowed on instinct like she is in this very moment. She leans back and stares out her window, trying to understand the source of her unease, watching Manhattan fly by through the tinted glass. “Rey. Rey, we’re here.” The next thing she knows Ben is stirring her awake; she looks over at him as her eyes readjust to the light, but not so much to the fact that she is in Ben Solo’s car outside of Ben Solo’s apartment and living in Ben Solo’s life. She blinks a few times and realizes they haven’t even gone that far. They’re on Central Park West, parked outside of a building so fancy that there are not one, not two, but three doormen attending to them. Rey opens the door, but one of them beats her to it. “Mrs. Solo,” he says graciously, taking her hand to help her out of the car. Rey tries to smile at him. “Um,” she says, looking for a nametag, or any other kind of indication to who he is. “Glad to have you back,” he says with one of those winks that instantly puts her at ease. She smiles at him, making a mental note — the doormen are in her corner, even if Hux most certainly is not. She is ushered into massive, mirrored elevator, where she is then left alone with Ben for the first time since she woke up from the accident. The doors slide shut and she feels her face growing hot, embarrassed by how close he is standing to her, by how inadequately equipped she is to deal with him. She’s afraid that maybe he will say something — an inside joke, or some kind of shared experience that she will not remember, and have to awkwardly apologize for. But Ben says nothing. It’s thirty seconds of silence as the elevator soars up and up and up. “One of those reporters said something about you using again,” Rey blurts, not even aware that it’s on her mind until it’s falling out of her. The elevator stops right then, because her timing is awful. Ben goes rigid beside her. “Are you telling me that, or do you have a question?” he asks. His voice isn’t harsh, even if his words kind of are. But she reminds herself that, despite everything, she is his wife. If there is something going on, then she has every right to know — and he can’t exactly blame her for being curious. “Have you ever … used drugs?” she asks lamely, following him as they step off the elevator. Ben runs a hand through his hair as they step out into the bright, open space of his penthouse apartment. The place is almost all windows, the sunshine gleaming through the glass, Central Park sprawling out below them like they are in a kingdom in the clouds. It is so beautiful that she can’t help staring out at it, momentarily forgetting the charge of their conversation. It feels like she could stand on the edge of the apartment and fly out over Manhattan. “I did use for a while,” he says. “Before I met you. Not anymore.” Rey blinks over at him in surprise. “I didn’t …” I didn’t read about that , she almost says. “You can only remember as far back as 2011,” he says. “The two years after that, after American Boys filmed its final season — I wasn’t … well.” He clears his throat, and walks a few paces away from her. “It’s nothing you can’t read up about online.” She surprises herself with her boldness. “I’d rather hear it from you.” He stares at her for a moment, considering her. “Some other time,” he says. “You’re tired.” She starts to shake her head, but he’s already moving across the space. She takes in the surroundings as quickly as her brain will allow — the sweeping, gleaming countertops, the sleek furniture, the massive grand piano in the living room. He walks past them all toward an expansive hallway where there are other rooms, and only then does it occur to her that holy shit , she shares a room with him. They’re married . He’s taking her to a bedroom where she’ll have to sleep next to him, and he’ll probably expect that she — “I had this room made up for you,” says Ben, stopping short of the end of the hall. “It’s usually the guest room, but I figured …” Rey ducks her head down, not realizing how much her cheeks were flushing until she sees the brief concern flash in his eyes. “Sorry,” she mutters. “I mean, yeah. I mean, thanks.” He hovers awkwardly, and Rey peers into the room. It is remarkably exactly how she always imagined her dream room would be — small, but with a massive window streaming in the light, everything in whites and soft blues and a bookshelf in the corner bursting with books. She can see into the walk-in closet that there are clothes in it that could only be hers, more variations of this ensemble she is wearing and nice dresses and boots and heels she doesn’t recognize. There’s a massive white desk with a desktop monitor and a bunch of books on coding. For a room that was supposedly just done up for her, it looks well lived-in and homey, as if she had chosen it all herself. She glances over at Ben. It cinches in her heart a little, the idea that he knows her this well when she really doesn’t know him at all. “Wow,” she manages. “This is — really nice of you.” He shifts his weight onto his other foot. “Well, it’s your home, too,” he says. And with these words she is suddenly bursting at the seams with more questions — how on earth did they meet? Why would he date a nobody like her, when he had beautiful, famous women falling all over him every day? How did they fall in love? How did he propose, or how did she? Where did they get married, and are there any pictures, anything that might stir her memory enough to remember one solid, lasting — “Ben?” She turns around, but the hallway is empty. She stands there, the maelstrom of unanswered questions stirring in her chest, and then pokes her head out to see if he’s still there. The door to the bedroom down the hall is slightly ajar, but closed enough that she can tell he doesn’t want her inside. Rey steps back into the space that is hers and takes a breath, clutching the dumb, useless phone in her hand. He’s right. She is tired. She wonders if she’ll ever stop being tired. It seems like these days all she does is sleep and wake up confused and sleep again. At least this time she will be doing it in a bed that is supposedly hers. She falls asleep instantly, in the same eerie, dreamless way she has since the accident. When her eyes peel open again the room has gone dark around her. She wakes up with a start, throwing the blankets off of herself — there is a acute and brutal kind of terror as she tries to remember where she is and what she’s doing there, but no single shape in the strange room seems to make any sense. “Hey,” she hears someone say lowly, flicking on a lamp. “Rey, it’s okay.” She whips her head to the sound of the voice — a man is sitting hovering over her, a tall man, who looks like just like … Ben Solo. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you — I just, you’d been sleeping for a long time, I wanted to make sure you were …” Rey nods, swallowing hard. She turns her face away from him. She doesn’t care how well she supposedly knows him; she doesn’t even let Finn see her cry. “I’m fine,” she says shortly. And then, after a beat: “But thank you.” She doesn’t want to feel close to him, doesn’t want to feel like she owes him anything. In this moment she feels so far out of her own skin that it is like she is inhabiting someone else’s body. She lays back on the bed, closing her eyes, pretending to fall back asleep — but her heart is beating everywhere, threatening to explode out of her chest. “Do you want me to stay?” She crushes her eyes tighter against the pillow. No. Yes. No. Jesus. She is living in a nightmare. In the end she doesn’t answer him. She doesn’t know how long it takes for her breathing to slow, for the darkness to crawl back at the edges of her vision, but she knows that he doesn’t leave until she is asleep. Notes: WELP turns out amnesia fics are my jam. I don't know if I'll be able to update this regularly in the next week because I have HELLA things to do at work and in rehearsals, but I will try my darnedest to get more up soon. I gotta say, I was hesitant jumping into another full scale fic, but YOU GUYS are the nicest and raddest and your words light up my whole human world. I've got so many things planned, I can't wait to get it all cranked out. Thank you so much for reading and reviewing :) Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When she wakes up the next morning, every part of her is itching and restless and uneasy. She walks into the massive closet and gets turned around a few times, but eventually finds a pair of denim shorts, the white t-shirt from yesterday, and a pair of sneakers so far back in the shoe shelf that they look like they haven’t been touched in ages. She laces them up and cannot help but catch her reflection in the full-length mirror at the back of the closet. It still jars her how long her hair is, how unfamiliar she looks. She seems a little tanner, a little leaner, and as little as the changes are, they all seem to add up to something she is not. She yanks the long mane into a ponytail, wondering how she can feel so unaccustomed to the weight of it when she must have deliberately grown it over the course of these years she can’t recall. Again, she doesn’t let herself linger. She pads out into the hallway. The door to Ben’s room is closed, and she is somewhat relieved to find that the rest of the apartment is empty, too. She grabs a piece of paper and leaves a quick note for Ben in case he wakes up before he gets back. Still, it feels oddly like a jailbreak when she grabs a key from the shelf by the door and lets herself out, enough so that she freezes waiting for the elevator, wondering if she should be doing this at all. But she dismisses the thought as soon as it comes. She’s a full grown adult woman – if she wants to walk around the damn city at eight in the morning, who’s going to stop her? And holy shit , is it beautiful outside. The sun is gleaming in the sky, there’s a cool breeze at the nape of her neck, and despite every ache and pain leftover from the accident she is suddenly struck with this feeling that she could just take off running down this half-empty street never stop. She ends up walking into the park, toward a stretch of ground that is familiar to her. She and Finn come up here on Saturdays (she and Finn used to come up here on Saturdays, she reminds herself) and run the six mile loop around the park. She knows she doesn’t have it in her, but she still walks along the path for a while, relishing the morning air and the autonomy she hasn’t felt since she first woke up in the hospital. Some tourists ask her to take a picture of them in front of the reservoir — a mom, a dad, and a sullen teenage girl. As Rey fiddles with the camera on their phone, the girl’s eyes suddenly go wide and she mutters something to her mom, whose eyes then snap onto Rey’s. “Say cheese,” says Rey, a little nervously. The girl bounds up to collect the camera from her. “You’re Rey Solo,” she says, her eyes bright. “Oh,” says Rey dumbly, shocked that a thirteen-year-old girl would recognize her. “Uh — ” “What’s he like?” the girl gushes. “Ben, I mean, is he here? I watched him, like, forty times in that movie Man of the Mountain last year, even with a giant beard he’s so — ” “Would you sign this?” the mother is asking. “I just thought you were darling on The Today Show , I tried to buy those same shoes for my daughter, you were so elegant in them — ” “Is Ben here?” says the girl, whipping her neck around. “Um, no,” says Rey, “it’s, uh — it’s just me.” People are stopping on their walks around the reservoir to peer over at her. She feels herself starting to sweat, backing up a few feet from the woman and her daughter. “I don’t have a pen ,” the woman is muttering to herself, “how could I not have a pen? ” “I’m sorry,” says Rey suddenly, overwhelmed by the weirdness of it. “I’m, um — I’m actually late for — ” “Just a quick selfie, then?” says the girl hopefully. “Um,” says Rey, glancing around at the people who are stopping. But she can’t just say no and walk away, even if the whole idea of it is absurd. Why the hell would someone want a selfie with her? She’s a total stranger. “Sure,” she says, because she can’t think of a reason to say no. She smiles a little self-consciously into the camera screen, wincing as the girl pulls her in close and inadvertently squeezes one of Rey’s lingering bruises. She snaps the photo and Rey sees image frozen on the screen, bewildered again by the her and not her that stares back. People are starting to walk toward them. “Um, I’ve got to … I’ve gotta go,” she says. “Nice meeting you.” “Wait — ” She doesn’t. She ducks her head down and wishes she had a baseball cap, or some sunglasses, and Jesus Christ if she doesn’t sound like the biggest celebrity cliché right now. She is all at once paranoid that people are following her and embarrassed that she thinks they would care enough to try. She wants to look back and check, but she knows if she does it’ll just be an open invitation to — Rey stops dead on the sidewalk as she leaves the park, watching a vendor open his stand for the day and prop a magazine on it. “Holy shit,” she says. It’s her. On the cover of some dingy tabloid. Rey Solo’s plastic surgery gone wrong! the headline screams, accompanied by a highly unflattering picture of Rey with her eyes half-open, squinting at the light of the camera flares as she left the hospital. Without thinking, she picks it up, scrutinizing it. Her hands are shaking. “This is so fucked up,” she mutters. “You gonna buy it or what?” grouches the vendor. Rey’s eyes snap up to meet his. “Sorry,” she says, “I don’t — sorry.” She moves to put it back, but it’s already too late. She can see the gears kick into place, see him look at the magazine, then back at her, then back at the magazine again. “Hey, lady,” he says, taking a few steps toward her. Rey jumps back, or at least she tries to. She backs straight into the chest of a man who is standing entirely too close to be a coincidence and yelps, whipping around to face him. “Rey?” She blinks at him, at his boyish smile and his perfect hair and that slight confident swagger she can’t seem to define. “Hey, sunshine, what are you doing out here?” he asks. Sunshine . “Poe,” she splutters. “You’re Poe Dameron.” The smile on his face wavers for just a second. “That I am,” he says. “Damn, that conk on the head really did do a number on you, huh?” She wonders how she can be so simultaneously relieved and confused at the same time. His eyes are kind, his brows starting to knit with concern, and there is something so familiar about it. She can only remember meeting him once, the time he took an Uber home with Finn on their third date, but she knows him. She somehow inherently understands that she knows him. And maybe that’s why she throws her arms around him like he’s the last life jacket on the fucking Titanic. “Whoa,” says Poe with a laugh, hugging her back immediately. She clenches her eyes shut for a moment and has the uncanniest feeling, like she’s remembering without really remembering. “Hey, are you alright?” He doesn’t try to pull away, and the weird thing is, Rey knows he won’t. “Yeah,” she mumbles into his shirt. “I’m just — ” “Are you out here by yourself?” “Yeah.” Poe whistles lowly. “Rookie move, sunshine.” “What do you — ” Only then does Rey hear the shutter of a camera lens and look up to see one of the very same men from yesterday, zeroing in on her face, snapping a picture with the both of them in the frame. Rey scowls, stumbling back on instinct. “C’mon,” says Poe, grabbing her hand. “Let’s get you back home before I end up on the cover of The Sun as your secret Latin lover again.” Despite everything, Rey finds herself cackling. “They wouldn’t — ” “They would, and they have,” he says, with a forgiving grin. “One of the many perks of being friends with Rey Solo.” She feels a strange pang of guilt. Now Poe’s in trouble and pulling time out of his day to walk her home and calling her his friend, and her only real memory of him involved half-rolling an intoxicated Finn into bed and drinking a cup of tea for a few minutes before he headed out for the night. “Poe,” she says carefully. “You know I don’t …” His smile is easy. Comforting. “Finn told me,” he says. “Don’t worry about it. You’re a tough cookie. You’ll get your memory back soon enough, I’m sure.” She smiles back because it’s infectious, not because she believes him. “Thanks,” she says. “Is, um — is Finn with you?” “Nah, sunshine, he’s at work.” Rey laughs. “At work,” she says. “Jeez … it just sounds so grown up, is all.” “Look who’s talking, miss runs a hundred charities,” Poe ribs her. Rey hums a bit in response, not even willing to let herself go there just yet. “So do you live up here now?” she asks hopefully. “You and Finn?” “Nah, we’re downtown,” says Poe. “I’m just up here because our dog was due for a checkup at the vet.” “BB-8,” Rey blurts. Poe’s grin nearly splits his face. “You remember?” It feels like the front of her brain has gone numb. “Brooklyn,” she says dumbly, and then — ”You adopted her in Brooklyn?” “Badass Brooklyn Animal Rescue,” Poe exclaims. “You remember? You helped give her the name, BB for the shelter, and eight for — ” “The day we picked her up,” says Rey. She stops dead on the street, and then laughs out loud. “ Shit . I remember. I can’t — I can’t remember the details, I can’t remember anything else, but I … oh my god , I remember something.” “That’s amazing!” says Poe, wrapping an arm around her shoulder and pulling her into him briefly. “See, what was I telling you, sunshine? Just a matter of time before you — ” “What the hell? ” It’s Ben. She is somehow acutely aware that he is there before he opens his mouth, before they turn the corner and nearly run into him outside of the building Rey recognizes as theirs. But this right here is no Ben Solo that she’s ever seen. He’s in his sweatpants and a grey, wrinkled shirt, his hair all mussed and sticking up in places. It almost strikes her as kind of sweet, how messy and out of sorts he is — or at least it would, if he weren’t clearly furious . “Where have you been?” he asks. Rey opens her mouth, but before she can so much as take in a breath, he adds, “I had no idea where you were.” She should apologize. “I left a note,” she says, scowling instead. It comes so naturally that she can’t stop herself. “Why didn’t you take your phone? ” he demands. “Because I can’t open it, your stupid 2016 phones have six digit pass codes, remember?” Ben takes a charged step closer to her, clearly not finished with his rant by a longshot, when Poe interrupts by audibly clearing his throat. “Hello, Ben, nice to see you too,” he says wryly. Only then does Ben look over and acknowledge him for the first time. “Poe,” he mutters, with a gruff nod, before turning back to Rey. “You at least could have told me who you were with, so I didn’t think you’d disappeared off the face of the earth — ” Rey scoffs. “I’m perfectly capable of — ” “Actually, I ran into her,” Poe rats her out. “She was walking outside of the park.” “You were — ” Ben stops himself, shaking his head. “I should have figured. Jesus. Thank you for bringing her back.” “Bringing me back?” Rey says, indignant. “I know how to walk around Manhattan, thank you very much.” “Let’s just get inside,” Ben mutters, looking up and down the street, “before the assholes have a field day.” Poe touches a hand to her shoulder. “Good to see you, sunshine. You kids be nice to each other now,” he says, with an easy kind of wink that seems to imply that he is more than used to seeing Rey and Ben make scenes with each other like this. She waves as Poe leaves, and almost doesn’t follow Ben back into the building to make a point. He takes a few steps away from her, fast, deliberate steps, and then stops on the sidewalk without looking back. She realizes that he already knows she won’t follow — and for some reason, despite her annoyance with him, this makes her want to laugh. She may not remember anything about their marriage, but at the very least he understands her well enough to know she won’t be led around. “I didn’t mean to snap,” he says, still not looking at her. “I just didn’t know where you were.” After a few moments, she takes a few steps toward him. She knows she may be scared, but it occurs to her then that he must be, too. Last week he had a wife, and now he has some 19-year-old shadow of her instead. It’s every bit as unfair to him as it is to her. She surprises herself by taking his hand, and she must surprise him too — he flinches, his eyes snapping to hers. Still, he doesn’t pull away. “Do we do this a lot?” she asks him. “Do what?” he asks gruffly. She raises an eyebrow at him. “Argue,” she says. After a moment, he lets out a breathy, singular laugh. “Only on good days.” She opens her mouth to ask what the hell he means by that, but then he squeezes her hand in his and nudges her forward, letting her lead the way back into the building. She sneaks a sidelong glance at him as they go in through a back entrance and head toward the elevator, and can’t help but smirk. “What?” he asks. “Nothing,” she says — and then, because she can’t stop the smirk from broadening, “It’s just … your hair .” The elevator doors close. Ben sighs. “Christ,” he says. “Are you sure your memory’s gone?” Ben’s kitchen ( their kitchen, she reminds herself) is expansive and white, with gleaming appliances so intricate that Rey doesn’t even know what half of them are for. There is more than one fridge — one of them is entirely full of fancy juices and shakes and seltzer waters. The other is so big Rey could get lost in it, organized with several shelves of pre-made meals and the others full of every fruit, vegetable, and fancy Whole Foods deli meat she could imagine. She plucks out an apple just to avoid looking stupid for hovering for so long. Ben grabs one of the prepackaged meals and puts it in the microwave. “You should eat something,” he says. “I am,” says Rey, through a mouthful of apple. “More than an apple, then,” he says, nodding his head toward the fridge. “There are some of those egg quinoa kale things you eat in there.” Rey wrinkles her nose when his back is turned. “Egg quin-what?” she asks. And then, oddly, she stops on a dime. She can’t even describe the feeling, except that she had it before, just after she ran into Poe. Without thinking, she walks a few paces to the far edge of the kitchen and crouches by one of the lower drawers. “There are just pans in there,” says Ben. Rey ignores him, rifling through the back. “Ha,” she says, emerging with a box of Frosted Flakes. “Wait, what?” asks Ben, frowning at the box. “How did you get that past Hux? Also — how did you know that was there?” Rey shrugs, pouring herself a bowl. “I don’t know,” she says. “The same thing happened a few minute ago, with Poe — I mean, I don’t know him. But somehow I do? And I remember his dog.” She shakes her head, staring dumbly into the dry bowl of cereal. “I guess it’s progress, even if I can’t … figure out how the hell it works.” A beat passes. “What else do you remember?” Ben asks. Rey doesn’t miss the edge in his tone. She doesn’t react, tucking it away to mull over later, she she is alone in the room Ben made up for her. “That’s it,” she says mildly. “Cereal and dogs. Your know, the important stuff.” She tries not to sound bitter. She spent enough time being bitter in those days in the hospital, venting to Finn, alternately feeling sorry for herself and trying to catch herself up on five years of lost time. She has spent an entire lifetime picking up the pieces of herself and carrying on. The only difference is that this time she is picking up pieces she can’t see. Ben is staring at her. She feels herself flushing again, under the unexpected weight of his eyes on her. He is still in the sweatpants and t-shirt he was wearing out on the block to collect her, and she is possessed with this strange impulse to run her hands through his bedhead, to feel the warm skin of his forehead with the tips of her fingertips. It is fleeting and bare and easy to dismiss, turning her attention back to her bowl and clearing her throat. “Want some?” she asks. Ben is staring at the bowl, too. “I didn’t even know you liked that stuff,” he says. Rey laughs. “What do you mean?” she asks. “This is like, 90 percent of what I eat.” Ben nods, more to himself than to her. As the smile fades from her face, she's still not entirely sure if he is kidding or not. Is she really so changed at 24 years old that she doesn’t eat cereal? Or do they really have a marriage so baseless that Ben doesn’t know her favorite food? Judging by how well hidden the box was, she’s leaning toward the latter — but why? At the very least, she knows he wasn’t the one policing the anti-cereal agenda when he pulls out a bowl and pours himself some, too. “Don’t tell Hux,” he says. Rey snorts. “Deal.” She thinks they’ll eat breakfast together and have a chance to talk, but Ben is immediately interrupted with a call that he takes without question, and without even so much as a look at Rey. He seems tense, keyed up in a way that he wasn't a moment before. She eats her cereal at the counter, feeling like she is intruding just by standing there. After a few minutes she gathers that he is talking to his agent; after another few minutes, she gathers he’s not going to be finished for awhile, and heads back to her room to take a shower. Rifling through her closet, Rey feels an unexpected pang. She’s never been materialistic, of course — in her most recent memory, she had two pairs of jeans, a down coat, three sweaters, and a rotation of cheap shirts she accumulated over the years — but she misses her clothes. She misses the stretched out striped shirt she wore until it got all pilly, misses her jeans with the holes in the knee and in the back pocket, misses that ridiculously soft track sweatshirt she not-so-subtly stole from Finn. It doesn’t take more than a sidelong glance in this closet to know that none of them are here, and will likely never be seen again. She shakes it off, looking for a towel so she can get in the shower. She’s sure she will find one somewhere obvious that she has overlooked, but that’s the thing about living in a place this size — there are way too many places to look. She shoves her way past some spare bed sheets in a hopeful looking drawer, when her eyes spot a flash of purple in the back. Rey knows that flash of purple. She is so excited to see something familiar that she all but rips her old duffel bag out from its hiding place, smoothing it out with her hands, stroking it like some lost treasure. Curiously, it’s full to the brim. My clothes , she thinks immediately, unzipping it. And there they are — or at least, there some of it is. A pair of her old jeans. Finn’s sweatshirt. An old scrunchie. And … her passport. A plastic Ziplock bag full of twenty dollar bills. A battery-operated phone charger. A toothbrush. A travel-sized two-in-one shampoo and conditioner. A Swiss army knife. “Shit,” she mutters to herself. Rey’s throat feels thick as she sets the contents back down and stares at them. This isn’t a storage bag. It’s a getaway bag. “Rey?” She zips the duffel bag up quickly and shoves it back into its hiding place just as Ben knocks on the door. “Um, hold on,” she blurts. “I’m — naked.” It occurs to her a split second after she says it that it might not matter to him — he’s presumably seen her naked a several thousand times over by now. So why does the idea of it suddenly make her more painfully aware of herself than she has ever been? “Oh,” he says from outside the door. “Sorry, I just — uh, I’m off the phone.” Rey opens her mouth, trying to decide what to do. Confront him , is her first thought. She has known since before they left the hospital that there was something off here. Whatever the hell it is, she deserves to know. But she’s alone with him right now — and even if she tried to leave again, where the hell would she go? Her face is a fucking billboard. She can’t make it across the street without someone recognizing her as Ben Solo’s wife . She takes a breath and tries to sort out her fear. She is uneasy, and she is scared, but despite all of it she is somehow still aware that she is not afraid of Ben. She may not trust him, but she feels safe with him. And if there is anything Rey has learned after a lifetime of trouble, it’s not to take safety for granted while it lasts. “Okay,” she tells him, her voice remarkably even for the veritably shit storm of panic coursing through her. “I’m going to shower.” “I’ll be in the gym,” he says. “Down the hall.” “Okay,” she says again, the blood rushing in her ears. There’s a quiet on the other end of the door, but she can tell he hasn’t left yet. She is practically holding her breath, afraid at any moment she is going to snap — Why did you flinch when I took your hand? Why won’t you talk to me? Why can’t you remember our wedding day? Why is there a fucking getaway bag in my closet? — but she takes a breath, and takes another one, and the urge passes. “Rey, are you — ” She slams the water on in the shower and drowns him out with the roar before he can finish the thought. Notes: The plot thickennnzzz. Thanks so much for reading, guys, and for bearing with me as I update. This week has been insane in all the ordinary ways, alas, but cranking out this fic and knowing people are reading it has made it EXTRAordinary :). ALSO, SO EXCITED ABOUT THE RUMORS REY'S HAIR WILL BE DOWN IN EPISODE 8, because these are the things I freak out about in lieu of having a social life. HAPPY ALMOST WEEKEND, EVERYONE. Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey showers in less than five minutes, and beelines to the computer in her room. This, mercifully, isn’t password protected. The first thing she checks is her Gmail account — she is somehow unsurprised that her email address is different now, and prompts her for a password she doesn’t know. Resolving that she’ll worry about it later, she types in the name Ben Solo and sits back as she is immediately assaulted by the mighty stream of 82 million search results . Okay. So she’s married to God. Overwhelmed with options, she starts where any haphazard Google search starts — Wikipedia. The first few paragraphs are a highlight reel of information that Rey has loosely known just by being a citizen of earth. Ben Solo, 31 years old. Son of acclaimed director Leia Organa and notorious ne’er-do-well actor Han Solo, acting since toddlerhood starting out in the show For What It’s Worth alongside his own father. After six seasons, a brief Broadway run as one of the Gavroches in Les Mis, and a well-timed Target Christmas ad, he snagged his first big role in an Oscar-nominated film opposite George Clooney at the age of eight. From there he transitioned into more movies and into the run of the decade-long hit show American Boys , where he won an Emmy in the fourth season and became a teen heartthrob sensation almost the minute after he hit puberty. A couple more box office hits later, and there wasn’t a person with internet access alive who didn’t know Ben Solo’s name. Rey has vaguer memories of the years in his later career — American Boys was still running in his early twenties, around the time he started doing darker, grittier indie films alongside the big blockbusters. But Rey had been busy. Between school work, classes, her job at the bar, her second job tutoring, and her third and arguably shittiest job as a club promo girl, there was barely any time to sleep, let alone keep up with Hollywood gossip. The first piece of information that is new to her logically comes in 2011, when his page reported a relationship with Misty Simmons, another child star who Rey remembers being charged for more than one DUI. Rey skims the brief history, cringing even though she knows based on yesterday’s conversation what she was getting into. Ben Solo, arrested on multiple counts of drug possession; Ben Solo, staring dumbly into the camera for a mug shot; Ben Solo, disappeared from the public eye for weeks on end, only to pop up out of nowhere, make a scene with Misty at a club, and vanish again. She scrolls into another subhead: “ Marriage And Relationship To Rey Solo (Formerly Kenobi) ”. There’s a picture of the two of them, sitting on a bench in Central Park. Rey’s hair is still short like it was when she was 19. It must be pretty early in their courtship, then. She is wearing a dress she doesn’t recognize, and he is sitting stoically beside her, and the way she is postured in the photo she knows that she must have known they were being photographed. Ben Solo’s relationship to New York University student Rey Kenobi is rumored to have begun in the spring of 2012. The pair were photographed publicly for the first time together in July 2012, and reps for Solo confirmed the relationship the following month. They wed in January of 2014 in a private ceremony. The couple now resides in Manhattan on the Upper West Side. Rey opens another tab and impulsively searches “Ben Solo wedding”. Another five million hits. And there she is. Radiant, smiling, on his arm. He is in a pressed, dark navy suit, and she is in a billowing, almost ethereal looking gown, her hair long grown out at this point and set in soft curls around her face. Everything about the image seems virtually flawless, from his white teeth to her carefully manicured nails to the gleaming countryside and its rolling green hills behind them. And yet she looks at it and feels … nothing. How the hell is it that she has more of an emotional connection to a fucking box of cereal than she does to her own wedding day? Her phone vibrates on the bed, and she startles, immediately clicking out of the desktop browser. She gets up and peers down at it. She can still answer the phone without the password, of course — but the number says “Blocked,” and for some reason she has an uneasy feeling about it. She sits back down at the computer and does the thing she has been dreading most. She types in the words “Rey Kenobi” and takes a breath. There are thousands and thousands of images of her. Rey with Ben, in a ridiculous yellow dress at the Met Gala; Rey with Ben, walking the red carpet at Golden Globes; Rey, sitting in front of a computer around a gaggle of preteen girls with a grin on her face; Rey, running through Central Park in a baseball cap and sunglasses on a bright sunny day. She wears dresses Rey doesn’t recognize, is photographed in angles she has never seen herself in, poses for magazine photo spreads in ways that she would never spontaneously pose on her own. She makes the mistake of hitting the “News” button and is immediately met with dozens of headlines about her hospital release accompanied by cringeworthy pictures. She skims past the words “pregnant,” “rehab,” and “secret twin sister”. “For fuck’s sake,” she mutters, clicking back onto the main page. She sees then that she has her own Wikipedia page, and is too gobsmacked to click on it. She opens another tab, resolving to look at it in a minute, instead typing in her email address — or her old email address, she supposes. To her surprise, it logs her in on the first try. The inbox isn’t even that full, as if she really has been attending to it all these years. There’s something from Finn from a few weeks ago, before the accident. There are some old emails about promotions and flash sales from places Rey has given her email to for discounts in the past. She scrolls down and sees one from Poe, another from an old caseworker of hers, another from a few names she doesn’t recognize but must know well enough to have given her personal email. She scrolls back up to the top when the computer pings, letting her know a new email has come through. The sender is someone named Wren, with the subject line: Where are you? Are you okay? There’s a knock at the door, and Rey startles. “Um, come in,” she says, minimizing the window. The door creaks open. “I’m finished with my — oh.” Ben’s eyes are trailing unconsciously to the hem of her towel. Rey shifts it up slightly, afraid that maybe it’s falling down, but it’s just as secure as she knew it was. “What?” she ask, tightening her arms around herself. “You’re, uh,” he starts. Rey is so used to seeing him composed, all broad and enigmatic on red carpets, that it takes her a moment to register that he is staring at the scar on her back, poking out of her towel. That, and his face is literally flushing . She didn’t know that Ben Solo could blush. “I thought you were dressed,” he says. “I can come back.” “No, that’s fine,” says Rey airily. “You are my husband, after all.” And then, possibly because her brain injury shifted the part responsible for keeping her from being a genuine maniac, she has a fleeting idea — and rolls with it. She stands up from the computer chair and drops the towel, turning her back to him stark naked. She pretends she doesn’t hear him clear his throat when she turns to look at his comically wide eyes and says, “Do you have any plans for today? After I get dressed we could go for a walk.” Shit. She broke Ben Solo. If there was any doubt in Rey’s mind about the validity of their marriage, there isn’t anymore. Just before he looks away, she sees his palpable shock, his gaze skimming the old scars on her back with the eyes of a person who clearly has never seen them before. She fights the familiar urge to shield herself the way she has every day since she got out of Unkar’s house, with her one pieces and her carefully chosen dresses and bras that didn’t irritate the raised skin. “Well?” she prompts him. She is expecting him to falter, half-hoping and half-fearing that he will and she will be obligated to catch him in the lie. She is practically holding her breath, waiting to charge, waiting for the accusations to fly. But his voice is low and somber, his gaze tilted toward the floor. “Sure,” he says. “I’ll be ready in a few minutes.” Rey doesn’t move as he heads toward the door, nodding at her before he leaves and shuts it behind him. The instant he is gone she feels herself deflate, quaking as if the moment has taken all the nerve out of her. He didn’t know about her scars . Granted, Finn was the only one she ever told — but Ben was supposed to be her husband . Even if this was all a sham, even if he had never seen her naked and this whole marriage was some kind of — whatever that fuck it was, she has been living with someone who didn’t know about her past for years . And whatever the reason why, it is somehow dark enough that she didn’t tell her very best friend. Ben is smarter about this whole “being a celebrity” thing than Rey is. Instead of walking around Central Park, they pile into a car and drive out of the city, to a park with some heavily tree-lined trails. Ben tells the driver he’ll call when they’re finished. Rey tries to ignore the slightly ominous feeling that comes with following a total stranger into the woods. “I figured this would be a good place — not a lot of hills,” Ben says, alluding to the doctor’s advice that she take it easy. It’s the first thing he has said to her since he told her he was ready to go. “Right,” she says, looking behind and ahead of them as they hit the path. She takes a breath and looks up at her absurdly tall husband, squares herself, and says, “Listen … Ben.” It still feels weird to call him by just his first name. “I know you’re not big on the whole talking thing, that your brand is all broody and mysterious, but you’re going to have to just — suck it up for an hour, okay? Because I have a lot of questions.” He doesn’t smile, but his lips go a little crooked. “Okay.” She takes another breath. “Okay.” They walk a few more paces into the woods, and as the quiet and peace of their surroundings close in around them, Rey finds herself suddenly at a loss for the very words she is demanding from him. Some strange anxiety swells in her every time she tries to open her mouth. They walk far enough that they turn out of sight from the mouth of the path, and still she is torn — she wants to know. She needs to know. But she also just wants to shut her eyes and tap her sneakers three times and wake up in a world that disappeared five years ago. Asking Ben about the details will only make it real . “Rey?” “What?” she blurts. Ben raises his eyebrows at her, looking as amused as he can for someone so serious. “You have questions.” She blinks, hard. “Right,” she says, accidentally walking a few steps ahead of him in her resolve. He keeps the pace easily with his long legs, and she finds herself admiring his tall form, the the ease of his stride, the way the light filters in through the trees and glints in his dark eyes. Fuck, fuck, fuck. Not now. Rey focuses on the mental list of questions she made on the drive up here and says, “How did we meet?” Ben doesn’t hesitate. “At a group foster home upstate,” he says. Rey frowns. “Wait, what?” she asks. She had entertained a few scenarios, of course — maybe he visited the bar, or he spoke at their school, or they got trapped in some elevator like a bad sitcom trope. “You seem surprised.” “I am,” she says. “What were you doing there? What was I doing there?” “You were volunteering,” he tells her. “I was … observing. Researching for a role.” Rey looks out at the path, focusing her eyes on some gnarled tree roots ahead so she can try to process it. Once she got out of the foster care system, she shoved the experience so far back into herself that she cannot imagine a world where a mere few years later she was volunteering in a group home. Even now, the idea of it makes her stomach churn. “And then what?” she prompts him. “Well,” he says, “first you wouldn’t talk to me.” “I wouldn’t?” “No,” he says, and when she looks over she thinks she almost catches him smirking. “One of the kids there — Kyle — he said you told him that the only thing bigger than my hair was my ego.” Rey laughs sharply, unexpectedly. “Did I?” Ben nods with mock graveness. “To be fair, you had a point,” he says. His features soften a bit, and he looks away from her. “I wasn’t — well. I wasn’t making good choices back then.” Rey doesn’t say anything. She needs to hear her story, and the drug use and whatever else was happening at that time is decidedly his. If he’s going to talk about it, he’ll tell her in his own time. “Anyway,” he says, “I came back as a volunteer, so you had to talk to me. And you weren’t very happy about it.” Rey tries very hard to imagine herself snubbing a movie star while helping do loads of laundry in a group home, but it’s like trying to match pieces from different puzzles together. She can’t ever realize the full image of it, because it doesn’t make any sense. But at the same time, she believes him. She knows it must have happened. She can somehow feel that it did, even without the memory to support her. “Wow,” she deadpans. “Sounds romantic.” “It was,” he says, with a surprising bluntness. “You were the first person who was honest with me. When I saw myself in your eyes, I didn’t like it. So I changed. Before I even — before I knew how I felt about you. Before we started dating, even. You just … you made me want to be a better person.” It is the most she has heard him speak since that first long conversation they had in the hospital. Unconsciously, Rey finds herself fiddling with the wedding ring on her finger, feeling oddly self-conscious — maybe even a little embarrassed. It seems to her that in the past the only times she has inspired a change in a person, it’s been for the worst. She has years of awful memories with Unkar to prove it. She feels too insignificant, too powerless, to have such a profound effect on anybody. So she shakes her head. “That’s — that’s all you, when you make a change like that,” she deflects. “You’re the one who made the choice, who put in all the effort.” “No, Rey,” he says. “I didn’t tell you enough when we were together, but … it was because of you. All of it. I don’t know where I’d be if I hadn’t met you.” She shivers slightly, from some invisible cold in the middle of July. “Oh,” she says lightly, wanting to reject the idea of it. It feels like too much responsibility, like the knowledge of it is too heavy without the memories and the time to back it up. She feels his eyes on her, steady and watchful. “I hope – I hope I was nice to you after that, then.” “No,” he says, “you weren’t. You only went out with me because the kids ganged up on you and begged on my behalf.” She smirks a bit. “They must have liked you.” “Nah,” he says. “Not as much as they liked you, at least.” Rey’s smile fades a bit, knowing she doesn’t remember a single one of those kids despite all these moments they must have shared. “So … then we went out?” she presses on, pushing the feeling back. “It took about a month,” he says a little wryly, “but yes. Eventually.” “What made me change my mind?” she asks. She’s trying to tease him. The whole thing sounds kind of absurd, and he is acknowledging that with all the little almost smiles, with the amused edge in his voice. But the charge of the energy between them changes abruptly. “I don’t know,” he says. “You just … did.” Here it is, then. The catch that she suspects. Maybe she really did change her mind about him, and maybe she didn’t – but either way, it is clear that their marriage had conditions, circumstances beyond her comprehension. But for the life of her she can’t understand the advantages of it. What on earth would make her want to marry him? She had no use for money or the lifestyle he led. She knows herself well enough to know that she wouldn’t have been tempted by it. But more to the point — what on earth made him want to marry her? She asks more questions, plowing through them, unapologetically methodical. He is surprisingly cooperative. He tells her everything — about their first date on a rooftop patio bar that overlooked Manhattan; how she got him into running, and they did half marathons for charity on the weekends; how Hux threw a fit when the first leaked images of them were in sweatpants, and insisted from then on that if they were going to continue to date it was under the condition that they’d at least “look presentable” doing it. He tells her how she moved into his apartment with nothing but a purple duffel bag; how they discovered the night that he was going to propose to her that she was very, very allergic to clams; how he ended up proposing to her in the middle of one of their runs instead, right when they were crossing over a bridge in Central Park. He tells her how they were married in a quick, private ceremony and sold the pictures for charity; how Finn was Rey’s man of honor, how BB-8 was a rambunctious ringbearer, how Poe walked out of the reception grinning after a semi-drunken but nonetheless heartfelt promise from his mother to get him a better job working with her. He tells her about their honeymoon backpacking in Europe. Sometimes he pulls out photos to show her. She can’t help but notice they’re all professional shots taken from some outlet or paparazzo — none have the unstaged, spontaneous, slightly embarrassed look of a couple that asked a stranger to take the picture for them. She is so determined while he is talking to catch him in a lie, which is why she is surprised by the tiny details that weave in and out of his stories. He knows she’s afraid of thunderstorms. Apparently she was the only one he ever told about the script he was working on, and helped with the period research and editing process with it. He knows that she wanted to be a circus performer growing up, and according to him, she’s the only person he ever lets hear him sing. They are tiny little things, but they add up to something bigger, something that Rey can’t step away from to fully see. By the time they reach the mouth of the path again, she is more confused than ever. After she has been quiet for a few moments, he asks, “Is there anything else you want to know?” She blinks up at him, and it is as if the early afternoon shadows have cast him in some new light. She finds herself staring into his face with a familiarity deeper than the superficial, the familiarity of staring at him on a movie theater screen or a magazine. She stares into his face like she knows it — like she has memorized every angle and plane of it, every twitch of his brow and quirk of his mouth. “Why did you marry me?” she finds herself asking. He doesn’t seem surprised by the question. He stops walking, though, with the weight of someone who has been expecting this. “A lot of reasons,” he says carefully. The right ones? she almost fires back. She is glad she doesn’t, though, when he adds quietly, “We aren’t perfect, Rey. The Cliff Notes are pretty. But we fight and we do stupid things and we … we’re not perfect.” Rey chews on her upper lip, considering this. “Well,” she says, “we’d be pretty boring if we were.” “I love you,” he says. It is not sudden or blurted, but deliberate and sure. “I don’t — I didn’t say it enough. So I want you to know that.” It feels like the air has been pushed out from her ribcage. “And I know you don’t know me,” he says, suddenly sounding less confident. “I don’t expect you to feel that way, I — I can’t. It wouldn’t be fair. You can’t remember anything, and it’s my fault that you can’t, my fault that you almost — ” It is thoughtless and instinctual and a little bit terrifying, but she finds herself arching her feet to meet his eyes and press her lips to his. It is barely even a kiss, a fleeting moment of warm skin on skin, but it blazes in some core of her that she didn’t even know existed. As they separate it feels like her heart is beating all over her body, alive, alive, alive , like she has wanted to do this for a long, long time. “You’re right,” she says. “I don’t remember.” She almost doesn’t remember her fear, her uncertainty. The unanswered questions she hasn’t yet dared to ask. The entire field of red flags and warning signs she has left burning behind her. He is staring at her in this raw and honest way, and again she finds herself remembering without remembering, an ache so beautiful and irreconilable that it can’t be anything else. She loves him, too. She just doesn’t know why . “But I want to,” she says. Ben brushes the hair back from her face, and she is struck again by how familiar and brand new the sensation is, like she used to be able to fly and has to learn how to do it all over again. “You will,” he says. He doesn’t sound particularly hopeful or afraid — just resolute, like the rest of him. She nods off in the car on the drive home, exhausted even from the walk this morning and this afternoon as she recovers from the weeks cooped up in the hospital. She wakes up with her head on Ben’s shoulder and his arm around her, still a few miles away from the apartment. She closes her eyes again. We’re not perfect . She heard it in his voice, saw it brewing in his eyes. Everything is wrong, but this — this feels right. And if it all disappears tomorrow, at least she has these few sweet moments now. She has denied herself too many things in her life to deny herself this. Notes: I'm updating this from a bus and the craziest weekend ever, so here's me hoping it didn't massively eff itself up! Woot!! Thank you guys so much for reading and leaving your thoughtful comments, it's so heartening to see the Reylo fandom is still alive and well all this time after the movie :). Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) For the first time since the accident, Rey dreams. She dreams of people she doesn’t know — two people. Kids. No. Teenagers. They’re young, but not much younger than she is. After a moment she starts to recognize where they are — the creamy, off-white walls of the group foster home. The cheerful whiteboard calendar, the chores wheel, the nook with the desks in the quiet corner for studying. Rey is sitting on one of them, peering over two of the kids as they go over their math work. “You’re being moved?” Rey is asking them. “Both of you?” A boy and a girl. Both wide-eyed, pale, skinny, with identical looks of apprehension. “There’s not enough room here,” the boy mumbles. “That’s ridiculous,” says Rey. “You age out of the system in a year. What’s the point?” The girl shrugs. “It’s okay. You’re right. It’s only a year.” There is something they’re not telling her. “Where are you going?” Rey asks. “Do you have a name?” The girl hesitates. The boy does not. “Unkar Plutt,” he says, so lowly that the rest of the room can’t hear them. The dream is sharper now, too real. The edges of the desk are like knives. The walls seem to press in on her. She feels heavy, dizzy, strange. She has not heard that name in a long, long time. “Rey?” the girl is asking, peering at her from under thick lashes. “Do you know him?” She slides off the desk, stumbling. “I’ll …” Her tongue is thick. She’s going to throw up. She has to fix this. “I’ll be right back,” she says, “I forgot I … have to call … for a class.” Time is disjointed in the dream; she blinks and she is outside of the group foster home, in the alley, breathing in and breathing out and wondering what the fuck she can do. She can’t let the twins live with him. She can’t. But she’s only a student, she and Finn are basically dangling from the edge of eviction themselves, how the fuck is she supposed to — “Rey, are you alright?” It’s Ben Solo again. Rey mutters a quick "shit" under her breath, turning her back on his stupidly symmetrical face. “I’m fine,” she says, defiant. “Rey — ” “Why the hell are you still here?” she snaps at him. She doesn’t even bother with him, ordinarily. But she is terrified and furious and too many things at once, and here he is again, in her space, in her life, distracting her from what’s important. “You finished your stupid research, the movie’s over, you have no reason to be here anymore.” She is expecting to get a rise out of him. She’s seen how quickly he’ll get annoyed — or at least how quickly he did in the beginning. She is not used to this role reversal, to the calm way he looks at her and says, “Do you want me to go?” “No,” she blurts, before she can stop herself. Even Ben looks surprised. Fuck. She backs up, accidentally knocking into the wall behind her, and stammers, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I’m – you didn’t do anything wrong, I shouldn’t have … I’ve got to go.” “Wait, Rey — ” When she wakes up she is gasping, as if she has been running at a full sprint. The blankets are all kicked off of her and every inch of her is caked in sweat. She immediately claps a hand to her mouth, silencing herself, knowing that Ben’s room is just down the hall. She doesn’t want to wake him, doesn’t want him or anyone in her space until she gets a grip on what the hell just happened to her. She stands up and walks a few paces away from her bed without any direction or intent. The words are spilling in and out of her, tangling up the conversations, but the heart of it is still there. The twins were going to live with Unkar Plutt . Rey freezes. “The twins,” she mutters to herself, still trying to catch her breath. “What …” This time remembering is painful, like a rubber band snapping against her brain. The email from yesterday. The boy Ben mentioned on their walk. Kyle and Wren . Rey opens her computer and furiously types her way back into her inbox, where the unopened email from Wren popped up yesterday. Where are you? Are you okay? the subject line reads. She quickly clicks on it and watches the email expand. Rey, we’re freaking out. We’ve been calling and calling but nobody is picking up your phone. We’ve been on the road and didn’t see the headlines until a few days after the accident. Please get in touch with us so we know you’re okay. There’s a second email, that arrived a few hours later, this one from Kyle. Rey, the money was transferred to us just like it is every other week — does that mean you’re alright? Why haven’t you called? We don’t know Ben’s number, and we can’t go into the city right now. Please call us if you get this. Their faces pop into her consciousness so quickly that she feels her heart cinching — she remembers them. She met them when they were 16 and she was 19, when she started volunteering at the group home again. Their mother was dead, their father was an alcoholic, and they had been in out and of homes their whole lives just like Rey. They were good kids. Smart kids. Kids with a knack for getting themselves into trouble. And Rey loved them — loves them, she reminds herself. She would do anything for them. So did she? Did she help them? Where the hell are they now, that they can’t come to the city? That they’re talking about money transfers? She does some quick math. They’d be 21 by now. They’re out of the system, at least, and safe from Unkar. So what is it they aren’t safe from? “Shit,” she mutters to herself, stepping away from the computer. There is something she isn’t remembering. Something huge . It feels like a blister in her skull, aching in her head — but as demanding as it is, she can’t pull it together. She leaves her room quietly, padding down the ridiculously long hallway to the kitchen, where she flicks on the light and grabs a bottle of water out of the drinks fridge and chugs it. She should answer their email. She should ask Ben for a new phone to call them from. She should ask him what the hell he knows about this, because if they’re mentioning his phone number then he must know that they’re out there, too. But he didn’t tell her. Whatever is happening to Kyle and Wren, Ben didn’t tell her. Maybe she can’t trust him after all. It’s dark. She doesn’t know what time it is. She grabs a set of keys from the table, jams her feet into a pair of sneakers and goes, careful in her haste to shut the door quietly behind her. The instant she hits the night air she wishes she’d at least thought of bringing a sweater, or a phone, or something that might give her some sense of purpose. The streets are empty. It’s later than she thought it would be. Still, she needs the slap of the wind on her cheeks, needs the open space to fill up with every pulsing thought trying to ram its way out of her right now. She is still breathing hard, walking fast, as if she can outrun her own flimsy memories before they disappear like water through her fingers. She is distracted. She weaves in and out of streets without noticing the black Escalade weaving in the exact erratic patterns, lingering just out of her field of vision. By the time she finally does turn her head, suddenly aware all at once that something is wrong , there are two tall, burly men with a clear intent to grab her. Rey throws a fist and opens her mouth to scream, but she is anticipated instantly. Her arm is secured and yanked behind her back with enough pain that it makes her eyes stream, and a thick, sweaty hand is clapped over her mouth. She is so stunned by their roughness and the pain in her arm that she hesitates for a beat, but then the adrenaline pulses through her and she is wild , thrashing and kicking and brawling like her body is an electric wire. It doesn’t make any difference. They shove her unceremoniously into the backseat of the car, flanking her on either side. They release her abruptly, not even bothering to try and stop her when she clambers over one of them to yank at the car door open. It doesn’t budge. “Let me out,” she shrieks, “let me out, let me out, let me — ” One of them slaps her across the face. It stings like a bitch , but it’s really the shock of it that shuts her up. “Rey Kenobi,” says a slippery voice, and only then does she look up and realize that there is another row of seats facing theirs. Directly in front of her is an older man in a pressed business suit and an immaculate haircut, with eyes so steely blue she feels like they could cut her. “I must say, I’m disappointed.” “Who the fuck are you?” she spits, tasting blood. But she knows, she knows who he is, doesn’t she? He raises his brows at her. “You’re committed to this lie of yours, then,” he says. “This pretty little lie that you don’t remember the last five years. That you don’t remember me. That you don’t remember our deal .” Rey stares back at him defiantly. The car is in motion now, she realizes with a sickening lurch. “I don’t.” He leans in, his expression mild but somehow menacing. “I’d reconsider.” She sucks in a breath, the adrenaline quickling giving way to fear. A fear that she recognizes, even if she cannot name. She understands that this is it — the uneasy feeling, the anticipation, the deep and profound knowledge that she was in trouble, even if she couldn’t say why. “What do you want from me?” she asks lowly. “What was promised,” says the man. “Or do I need to remind you what’s at stake?” Rey, the money was transferred to us just like it is every other week — does that mean you’re alright? “What’s at stake?” she asks, even as the chill overcomes her. She doesn’t need to remember to know. He pulls out a picture from the inside of his suit and hands it to her. It’s Kyle and Wren. They’re older; Wren’s hair is loose and long, and Kyle has tattoo with a date visible on the side of his neck. Their eyes are worried, their postures weary. Still, she recognizes them instantly. They seem to be checking into a motel. From the looks of it, it isn’t anywhere near here. And from the looks of it, they have no idea they are being tailed. She holds the picture until her hands are shaking. “I’m not lying,” she says, looking up at the man. “I truly don’t remember. If their safety is at stake, you have to tell me. I don’t know who you are. I don’t know what you want.” If her words surprise the old man, he doesn’t show it. He stares into her eyes, slicing to the very core of her. She stares unflinchingly in return. When he finally leans back from her, she knows he finally believes that she isn’t lying. “Four years ago, you were harboring Kyle and Wren illegally in your apartment. Hiding minors from social services is a criminal offense. In exchange for your bail and the wiping of your criminal record, you were to publicly date Ben Solo for a year.” Rey doesn't move a muscle, staring back at him. “So you got me out of jail,” she says. “What was in it for you?” The man’s words are clinical. “I’m no fool,” he says. “Ben was tailspinning. It was good for his image at first — landed him all those gritty, dark roles he needed to further his career. But then he was a mess. Useless to me. Useless to the studio. Until, that is, he met you.” She absorbs this, or at least she tries. It still isn’t adding up. “The public needed to love Ben Solo again,” he continues. “They needed a Cinderella story.” Rey would laugh, if she weren’t so terrified. She is as un- Cinderella as they come. “And the twins?” Rey asks — no, she knows. Before she can stop herself, she says, “They went to live with Unkar.” The man nods. Rey clutches a hand to her stomach, suddenly certain that she is going to throw up. “What happened?” she asks. “Kyle was arrested for assaulting Unkar Plutt,” says the man. Rey closes her eyes. It’s only a few words, but it has a hundred horrible implications even so. If Kyle was arrested for assault, it was because Unkar had hurt Wren. Hurt Wren in the same way he used to hurt Rey. Not only had Rey failed to help them, but they were in worse shape now than she ever was. “And you made that disappear, too,” she says quietly, opening her eyes again. “That I did,” says the man, with a satisfied, smug smile. “In exchange for another year dating Ben.” “Jesus Christ,” Rey mutters. It's too much to process, too heavy, too fast. “But I — I married him. Why the hell did I marry him?” Only then does the man’s lip curl in barely disguised disgust. “I must admit, my plan backfired to some degree,” he says. “The public adored you. More even than Ben. I understood that if you broke up at the end of the two years, there would be an immediately backlash at a crucial point in his career.” “That’s all well and good,” says Rey through her teeth, “but why did I agree to it?” The man’s voice is silky. Sinister. “Unkar Plutt was found dead in his apartment, from an apparent murder,” he says. “Kyle and Wren, having been his most recent charges, were the number one suspects in the case.” “They didn’t kill him,” says Rey at once. “They didn’t .” “We both know that doesn’t matter,” says the man. “They needed it buried, but they were marked. They needed to get away. They needed money to survive. So you married Ben Solo, in exchange for their new identities and enough money for them to live.” He doesn’t once take those unnerving eyes off of her. “And despite your refusal to take my calls and your flagrant disregard of our deal in the past few days, I have kept true to mine. The twins were paid. They’re safe in Los Angeles. Just like you asked.” Rey’s bones feel hollow. “Does Ben know about this?” she asks. “That it’s — fake?” The man smiles. “Of course he does,” he says, with a condescending, almost pitying look at her. She already knows she is nothing special, nobody worth marrying Ben Solo. She doesn’t need this smug look on his face to remind her. “And he knows you’ve been paid regularly for it.” Rey presses a hand to her head. “Tell me he doesn’t know about the blackmail,” she says, trying to hold to the one last shred of hope that he entire life isn’t built on a lie. “He doesn’t,” says the man sharply. “And you are not to tell him.” He pulls out a stack of papers then, which Rey immediately recognizes as a contract. On the front page is her name and her signature, in her handwriting. Beside it is another name and signature: Alan Snoke . “Read this carefully,” he says. “Do not let Ben see it.” Rey is too busy gaping at the contract to answer. “Rey Kenobi,” the man says sharply, to get her attention. It works faster than a slap. “If I don’t see that all of the ordinances in this contract are adhered to immediately, Kyle and Wren will no longer have my protection. Do you understand?” She has never felt more numb, more terrified, more impossibly small. Unkar Plutt is dead. Her childhood demon is gone. But he has been replaced by a monster far worse. “I understand,” she says. The car stops abruptly, and the door opens. “Always a pleasure, Rey.” She is deposited out the side door and onto the street before she can so much as open her mouth, the contract still clutched in her hand. The car screeches away, disappearing around the block and into the night. She stumbles on the sidewalk, the pain of her arm and the metallic taste of blood in her mouth suddenly heightened now that she is alone. Mercifully, they have dropped her off a block away from the apartment. The street is quiet, peaceful even, deceptively quaint for all the shit she just endured. She walks as normally as she can, not wanting to attract attention as she rifles through the contract. Simultaneously horrified and awed, she skims the pages. It isn’t just being married to Ben Solo. It’s all sorts of requirements — a weight range she has to maintain, a strict dress code based on the contents of her closet, topics she is and is not allowed to discuss publicly. A lot of little things are falling into place — why Hux insisted on bringing her out through the front and talking down her injuries; why she had a fucking box of cereal smuggled in like it was a bomb; why there is a bedroom that is entirely hers , and not a guest room after all. There it is, right in the contract. Along with the stipulation that their only required physical contact will be of the public, PG-rated variety, and nothing more. She hovers toward the back of their building, suddenly torn as to whether or not she should go inside. Ben knows it’s a sham. She knows it’s a sham. But she also know that what she felt for him today, and the words that he said didn’t feel like one. Then again – Ben is an actor. A world-famous, talented, highly-esteemed actor . It wouldn’t take much for her to fall for those kind of lies. But why lie? What could he possibly have to gain, pretending to love her? She can’t decide if she is humiliated or scared or relieved. She knows now. She has the answers she was looking for. But they are so much more awful than she could have imagined — and there are so many people’s futures hanging in the balance. It only takes her a minute to understand that she has no choice. She’s never really had one. She will get into this elevator and ride back up into this apartment the same way she must have done a thousand times before. As the elevator crawls up, she lets one single tear course down her cheek. Her body shudders with the impact of it. One fragile, fleeting moment of self-pity, before she draws herself back up and stares straight ahead into the opening elevator doors. The apartment is still when she walks back into it. She rolls back the aching shoulder from the arm that they yanked, then walks into her bathroom to gargle the blood out of her mouth. She stares into the mirror at herself — at the haunted eyes, the flushed skin, the tight line of her lips — and for the first time, Rey Solo stares back. Notes: It's been HELLA amusing hearing everyone's theories in last week or so — some of you were eerily spot on. Anyway, stuff's going down now, WOOOHOOOOOO. Also, I am prepared to take everybody's shit for the "Kyle and Wren" pun. I'm ready. I'm resigned. This is unrelated, but CHRIST if you are not reading AquaWolfGirl's "Never Tell Me The Odds" (or any of her fics, really), GO HAVE FUN, Y'ALL. It is pitiful how excited I am for her updates. And if anyone else has any Ben Solo x Rey fics they can recommend, please hit me up, because I love me some redeemed Ben, particularly of the modern AU variety (help). Chapter 7 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey spends the entire night looking over the contract. She understands now how she was “breaking” the rules of it — her phone, had she been able to access it, has a schedule preloaded for her every day by Hux. Everything is prearranged — not just the time she is supposed to be in the gym, but exactly what she is supposed to be doing there. Her outfits are preselected. Her meals are chosen in advance. The only room for negotiation in her itinerary are for the charities she has set up or is helping to run, and only because they reflect well on their image. Ben is aware that she profits $4,000 a month for her trouble. What he is not aware of, it seems, is that it all gets immediately funneled to a bank account with Kyle and Wren’s fake names. According to the contract, she isn’t allowed to mention Kyle or Wren to him at all. She is angry, but more than that, she is curious. She memorizes the contract, then opens the new email that originally popped up when she opened the desktop. Sure enough, there is an agenda from Hux, sent at five in the morning. According to it, she should be in the gym right now. So she goes. She throws on a shirt and a bra and some leggings and does exactly what the schedule says. It is insulting, it is ridiculous, but if she follows it closely enough, it may also be the one chance of remembering all the other times she did it before. She’s not quite strong enough yet to follow her regimen to a tee, but she is surprised at the new things her body knows how to do — she can do pushups and pullups and even deadlifts. As she works her way into a routine, her muscles seem to remember the specifics that she can’t. She is feeling more and more confident about her decision to blindly follow the schedule as she finds herself unconsciously falling into a rhythm, her muscles working and her brain humming and a sense that she has almost reached a state so familiar that she might be able to reach a little further toward everything else. She is so focused on her task that she doesn’t realize the Ben has walked in until he is hovering over her. “What the hell is this?” he asks, his voice low. Rey stops mid-pushup to look up at him. “Oh,” she says, “I’m not — I mean, I’m taking it easy, I just — ” He isn’t listening to her, though, crouching down to her level, his eyes trailing up and down her arms. She follows his gaze and sees the purples and blues and yellows bruised into her skin. It didn’t even occur to her that they had left a mark last night, and now that Ben is staring at them, she has no idea what to say. She has to lie, and she has to lie well. In other words, she’s fucked. “What happened?” he is asking, skimming his fingers over her skin. “Who did this to you?” Without meaning to, she flinches away from his touch. It’s all too raw — the memory of last night still boiling under the surface of her skin. She stares at him, at this man who may or may not be lying to her through his teeth, this man she has an absurd amount of feeling for despite all the shit his very existence is responsible for. When his eyes meet hers, for a moment it falls away. He’s scared. For her . She can’t think of a time in her life that anyone looked at her so fiercely, so protectively. It catches her so off guard that she almost laughs. “Rey, what happened? ” It’s the best she can come up with: “I was mugged,” she says simply, knowing that giving too many details will make it look more like the lie that it is. “You were what? ” “It’s fine,” she says, getting up from the mat and away from his eyes. “It happens.” “How were you mugged? When?” he demands. “Last night.” “Where were you — ” He thinks the better of this, dropping it, and says, “Are you alright? Where else are you — ?” “I’m fine ,” she says again, hating herself for lying to him, hating him for caring so much, hating him even more for not knowing whether or not his concern for her is even real or just another carefully choreographed part of this game. She moves away from him, further into the gym, and of course he follows. “You’re not fine ,” he says back, “look at yourself. You look like you got pummeled. Why the — why wouldn’t you at least wake me up, or call the police, or something — ” “Ben,” she says, laughing his name with an edge, like a warning, “you’re making a big deal out of nothing — ” “Don’t tell me it’s nothing when I wake up and find my wife — ” “I’m not your wife! ” Rey snaps, before she can stop herself. The look on his face is so viscerally hurt that she might have slapped him. It’s that moment she woke up in the hospital all over again, the pain in his eyes so raw that she cannot help that her body responds to it, feels it in some secondary way that she didn’t think she could. He isn’t going to say anything. Shit. He thinks she remembers, and if he thinks she remembers, they’re going to have to talk about it. She’s going to have to lay all her cards out on the table. And even though she must have done it every damn day she was with him, she doubts that she could look him in the eye and lie about what’s happening with Kyle and Wren. “What I mean is,” she backpedals, her voice lowering, “I’m not — I’m not the Rey you knew. I’m — I’m Rey, at 19.” She takes another step away from him, unsure why she feels so damn crowded in this huge room. "And I go outside whenever I want. And I deal with shit when it happens. And I don’t — I don’t need anybody’s help.” She doesn’t know what she is expecting from him. She has no script, no familiar pattern to fall back on. Her little outburst has only served to remind her of the insecurity that has been swelling in her chest like a balloon since the moment she set foot in this apartment — she doesn’t know him, not truly, not enough to know how he’ll react to her when she’s angry, when she’s upset, when she feels cornered like she has all night. Maybe this is it, then. Maybe this forms the first crack of the chasm between them, and he decides to end it, and Wren and Kyle are doomed. “You’re right. You’re not my wife,” he says. Rey can’t help that her eyes sweep over to his. But there is no hardness in them, and none of the usual composure. It is the first time she can clearly draw a line between the Ben Solo and her Ben Solo — this is not a face she has seen on a screen somewhere, but it is a face she has seen, even if she can’t remember why it makes her heart pinch with guilt. “And I’m trying — I really am — to turn the part of myself off that thinks of you that way, so you can catch up,” he says. The step he takes toward her is hesitant. Forgiving. “But you’re still my best friend, Rey. I can’t — I can’t turn that off. I can’t just … I can’t.” For some reason the words “best friend” are altogether more affecting than the word “husband” ever has been. It is almost laughable, how much more ready she was to accept that he might marry her than the idea that he might think of her that way. It brings a new depth to this, a scary one, one that Rey is not prepared to explore. “You’re not my wife, but you’re still the Rey you were at 19,” he says, drawing himself up, collecting himself. “And I loved you then. Maybe everything else changed, maybe we changed — but that never did.” Rey wishes he would leave. She doesn’t want to hear this. No — she’s wanted to hear this all her life , but only in a part of her mind so private and fragile that now that it is happening, she feels completely and utterly exposed in a way that she never has been. She can disbelieve him all she wants about the rest, but he has no reason to lie to her about this. She would know if he were. And it feels like it is tearing her apart. She understands, in the few seconds she dares to hold his gaze, that it has nothing to do with the deal, or their marriage, or the secrets between them. There is a fundamental part of her that is desperate to reject him caring for her. It’s too much responsibility. She has done nothing to earn it, and it seems so unconditional that it simultaneously terrifies her and makes her want to push its limits, push him past his breaking point. There is always a breaking point. Rey has loved too many people who have dismissed her to think otherwise. “I’m …” Her throat is tight. She has this fleeting notion that if she were to hug him right now that he would hold her in that unquestioning way she sees people hold each other in the movies, on the street, in some daydream in the back of her mind. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you,” she says lamely. “Rey,” he says at once, “I’m not mad because you didn’t tell me — I’m mad because you’re hurt.” She isn’t, really. This isn’t hurt . Hurt was losing her parents before she could even remember them. Hurt was being shuffled from foster home to foster home her entire life. Hurt was the savage look on Unkar’s face just before he decided to punish her — not so much the rise of his fist or the whip of his belt, but the look , the one that still haunts her even knowing his is six feet underground. Hurt to Rey is something that cannot be solved, cannot be healed. This is so temporary in comparison. She wishes she could tell him that, seeing his guilt from what happened in the accident still reflected in his eyes. “Anyway,” he says, shifting his weight between his feet. “I came in here because — I have to travel, for a promotional thing I can’t get out of.” Rey is suddenly remembering the heated conversation he had on the phone yesterday. “Oh,” she says. She’s not sure why she is a little disappointed, but she does a good job of keeping it out of her voice. “How far?” “Across the country,” he says. “I’m sorry, Rey. I would stay if I could.” She waves him off. She doesn’t need an explanation. “It’s your job,” she says. She is spared the awkwardness of wondering if she should go with him, because they both know she was told not to travel for awhile. He hesitates for a moment, like he is going to say something and then decides against it. “I talked to Dr. Kanata,” he says instead, “and she agreed that you really shouldn’t be left alone in this stage of your recovery.” Rey raises her eyebrows at him pointedly. “If you want me to spend the next few days with Hux, I am preemptively divorcing you right now.” “No, no,” he says, almost seeming to crack the slightest smile despite himself. “Jesus. No. I want the apartment to be here when I get back.” Rey snorts. “I hope you don’t mind, I, uh — I asked Finn if he wouldn’t mind staying here.” She blinks up at him. “You talked to Finn?” she asks, weirdly unable to reconcile the two of them in her brain. “And Poe,” says Ben. “They’ll be here in an hour. I mean — ” He seems to catch himself again, and belatedly says, “If you don’t mind.” “No,” she says at once, her heart lifting a bit. “I don’t. Thanks.” He nods awkwardly. “Alright, then,” he says, his eyes lingering again at the bruises on her arm. “You’re not — you’re not hurt anywhere else, are you? They didn’t — ” “No,” says Rey at once. “This is it. It wasn’t really that dramatic, I swear.” He doesn’t nod, doesn’t answer, just stares. She feels it again, with newfound force — the lurch in her stomach, the skip in her heart. He takes a step closer to her and she feels the heat rise up in her cheeks as he sweetly, guardedly, a little awkwardly kisses her on the cheek. “I’ll be back in two days,” he tells her. She doesn’t even realize she’s doing it until she just is, and then her arms are around his ridiculously broad shoulders and her cheek is pressed against his chest. For a moment he is too stunned to react, but then his arms are around her back and the two of them sink into each other, just long enough for Rey to be a little scared by the magnetism of it. “I’ll see you then,” she says, feeling oddly like she has watched lightning strike in front of her and can’t figure out whether it hit her or not. “Okay, so … top three most embarrassing things I’ve done in the past five years. Go .” Finn grins at her. “You want me to narrow it down to just three?” Poe affectionately bops him on the head. “Be nice to our favorite amnesiac,” he chides. Rey cackles. It is the first time since she woke up in the hospital that she truly, genuinely feels like Rey , or at least the Rey that she understands herself to be. She and Finn and Poe and BB-8 are walking through the forested paths in the inner part of Central Park, somewhat secluded from the throngs of runners and tourists and organized sports enthusiasts. The sun is shining and the breeze is blissful and she has laughed so hard in the past hour wandering around with them that her stomach is sore. “Okay, okay, let me think … Hmmm,” says Finn thoughtfully. They walk a few more paces, and he says, “ Oh! Okay. So. At the MTV Movie Awards — ” “Oh, Jesus, don’t do this to her,” Poe groans as BB-8 drags him toward some shrubbery. “Too late, too late, you have to tell me,” says Rey, delighting in her own past embarrassment as if it’s gossip about someone else. “What happened?” “You were walking the red carpet with Ben and you, like, bit it. Your heel like, flew into the air and almost smacked Ryan Reynolds in the face. And everyone got a full blast look at your polka-dotted — ” “ Finn , she doesn’t need to hear about — ” “ — underwear ,” Finn continues, none deterred by Poe’s interruption. “Aw, man, but that wasn’t half as funny as that clip of Ben, he was so pissed when people were taking pictures he — ” “Oh, Lord,” Poe half-sighs, half-laughs. “I wonder if that restraining order ever got lifted, or if he still — ” “ What? ” Rey exclaims, pounding Finn’s shoulder with her palm. “What the hell happened, what did he do? ” “No, no, forget that, you said three embarrassing things, right? I’ve got to think of two more — ” “Does anyone else want ice cream?” says Poe, loudly. Rey laughs — not because Poe has said anything particularly funny, but because Hux’s nutritional plan for her says upside down and backwards that she isn’t allowed to have any kind of dairy. “Sure,” she says. “You got a place in mind?” “Yeah, but let me go grab it,” he says. “You guys just, uh — sit tight.” “Why — oh,” says Rey, remembering the incident not an hour before when she lifted her sunglasses off to get something out of her eye and half of the park not-so-subtly started snapping pictures of her with their phones. She flushes a bit. “If you don’t mind.” Poe takes off with BB-8 in tow, and Finn and Rey follow him as far as the sidewalk on Fifth Ave before settling on a bench and waiting. “Really, though,” Finn asks quietly. “How have you been?” Even in the first few days she knew Finn, it was impossible to lie to him. It doesn’t feel so long ago that they were getting in trouble for sneaking into the living room after hours to talk to each other in the group home when they met, in those brief months Rey managed to get away from Unkar before they sent her back. She remembers the crush of relief, the instant recognition they had in each other, like she’d known him in some other life and was only just waiting to find him in this one. She couldn’t be anything but honest then, and she can’t be anything but honest now. “Confused,” she says, with a bit of a wry smile. “Although I guess that’s to be expected. I guess … I don’t know. I look at all these pictures and read about all these things I did or I said and I … it’s hard. For it all to connect.” Finn doesn’t say anything. He knows that she isn’t finished before she knows herself. “It’s one thing to wake up five years later,” she blurts. “But it’s another to — to wake up married . To a celebrity. With this — this apartment, and this life, and I don’t even know if I — if I — ” She shakes her head before she gets too worked up, all too aware of the fact that Snoke has eyes she can’t even fathom. “You said that I told you I loved him,” she says. “And he — he called me his best friend . Which is ridiculous . You’re my best friend, Finn,” she insists. “Doesn’t he know that?” “Rey,” says Finn at once, a grin cracking on his face. “Of course I’m your best friend. That’ll never change.” She seems to release a breath she didn’t know she was holding. “Right,” she says, the world setting itself the way it should. “But Rey — Ben gets you in a way that I don’t.” Her eyes snap back onto his, narrowing. “The same way that Poe gets me in a way you don’t,” he says quickly, and then seems to backpedal at his phrasing. “I just mean … it’s different. Not better. Just — different. Shit, Rey, I’m shoving my foot in my mouth.” She laughs. It’s been awhile since she has seen him as his old, fluster prone self, the 21-year-old Finn that she left behind before she lost her memories. “No, I get it,” she says, glancing down the street to where Poe is in line for ice cream. “I mean … I see it with you and Poe. As an outsider looking in. I know what you mean.” The words linger in the air for a moment, because she doesn’t want to say what she’s thinking: Did I marry someone I’ll never have that with? “And you know, the only time I’ve ever heard Ben Solo talk more than two sentences in a row is when he’s talking about you,” says Finn, seeming to sense her unease. She smiles just slightly for Finn’s benefit. “Really, Rey,” he says, “I wanted to hate him. Back when you did hate him? I hated him more. You know I’m always on your side.” She nudges his shoulder with hers. “I know.” He nudges her back. “He changed,” says Finn. “So did you.” Rey doesn’t want to hear that. Doesn’t want to look at these familiar hands of hers and wonder what she has done, what she has said, what small betrayals she has consciously and deliberately made to herself in the past five years. “How?” she asks — and then, out of the corner of her eye, she sees something drop on the sidewalk. She jumps to her feet without thinking. “Sir,” she says, reaching for the wallet. “You dropped your — ” “ Rey! ” Finn screams her name on the top of his lungs, in a way she has never heard anyone say it before. In the next second, too many things happen all at once for Rey to fully process it. Finn is yanking her back with unprecedented roughness, the two of them pitching to the ground; the wheels of a car are shrieking, and suddenly looming in their vision; Rey smacks the sidewalk next to Finn so hard that it knocks the wind out of her, leaving her stunned. People are screaming. Rey stares up at the sky, too stunned to move. “Rey,” says Finn, shaking her by the shoulder. “Rey, are you okay? Rey .” She gasps a bit, filling her quivering lungs up with air, and scrambles into a sitting position. There, just inches in front of her, is the car that almost barreled right into her. “Holy sh— ” It backs up so quickly that passerby are shrieking again, and then the car is streaking down Fifth Ave, weaving its way in and out of traffic with ridiculous speed and skill — but not before Rey realizes that it doesn’t have any plates. Every bone in her body is shaking. She looks up at Finn, who is crouching beside her, his eyes torn between the car and Rey. “Are you okay?” he asks, his hands on her shoulders. She nods mutely as the car disappears from view. She looks beyond Finn’s worried face and sees that, thankfully, nobody was hurt. The only one in the car’s path was — well, her. Rey blinks at the scene in front of her, at the crowd of people yelling and murmuring and whipping out their iPhones. A few of them have recognized her. Rey doesn’t even notice as Finn hoists her back up to her feet and puts an arm around her shoulder, pulling her away from the scene as Poe runs over to them from the ice cream stand. She keeps looking back, looking back, looking back. The man who dropped his wallet is gone. “What the hell just happened?” says Poe, BB-8 flanking him faithfully and leaping in a concerned little circle around Finn and Rey. “Are you guys okay?” Rey nods. “Only because Finn just saved my fucking life ,” she says. “Jesus, Finn — ” She can’t even finish, throwing her arms around him. He hugs her back with a fierceness they haven’t felt since they were kids, back when every time they met up they were never really certain if they’d get to see each other again. His hand is on her back soothingly, like he is anticipating that she might cry or fall apart, but she is remarkably unaffected. Where there should be panic, there is a grave and certain kind of chill. “Thank god you grabbed her,” says Poe as they separate. Finn is scowling. “Not before every asshole with a camera caught wind of it,” he says, gesturing rudely at a pack of teenagers who are still following them. Rey is listening without hearing, her heart pounding between her ears. The wallet is still clutched in her sweaty palms. She opens it subtly, peeking inside before Finn and Poe notice. It’s empty. Somehow she suspected it would be. Poe hails a taxi and sticks the two of them inside. “I’ll meet you back at the apartment with BB-8,” he says. “I’m going to stay and talk to the police.” On the way back to the apartment, Finn is talking a mile a minute, but Rey doesn’t say a word. The further they drive, the less paranoid she feels, and the more certain: whatever the fuck just happened there wasn’t an accident. And if she is so eerily willing to accept that, then whatever the fuck just happened there has happened before. “Rey?” Finn asks, waving a hand in front of her. They’re parked now, right outside her apartment. “Are you sure you’re okay?” Rey smiles, and it comes so easily and naturally that it’s almost a little eerie. “Fine,” she says, her voice even. “Let’s, uh — let’s go watch a movie upstairs and make some popcorn and forget the whole thing.” Finn smiles a little hesitantly. “Yeah,” he says. “Sounds good to me.” The three of them stay up until midnight, making jokes, eating gummy worms, marathoning bad rom-coms and action flicks and reruns of old sitcoms. Rey does not miss a beat, laughing at Finn’s punchlines, whooping at Poe’s attempts to toss popcorn into Finn’s mouth, texting back when Ben asks how everything going. Still, even as the night gets dark in the windows around them and she sits there burrowed under a sea of fancy couch blankets with Finn, a deep and unsettling knowledge burns in her core. Somebody wanted that car to hit her. That isn’t the question anymore. The question is how to pick off where the other Rey must have left off, and figure out why — before it’s too late. Notes: BLESS ALL OF YOUR FACES FOR YOUR FIC RECS!!!! My lunch breaks were hella fine this week, thanks to your beautiful unicorn souls. Thank you thank you thank you for reading my crazy Holllywood AU nonsense, sorry not sorry for the surprise murder subplot, HOPE YOU ALL HAD WEEKS AS AWESOME AS YOU ARE. Chapter 8 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey’s eyes snap open in the middle of the night, but she doesn’t stir. Her head is on Poe’s shoulder and Finn’s head is in her lap and the three of them are lying in a heap of blankets and empty popcorn bowls and sweatpants. There’s a shadow looming over her, but she instinctively knows not to be afraid. In the dim light of the city reflecting out of the huge window behind him, she can see Ben perched on the coffee table in front of them, staring at her. For a moment she wonders if she is hallucinating — he isn’t supposed to be back yet. But there he is, in the same jeans and shirt that her left in, bleary-eyed and mussed and looking as though he has run a hundred miles to get here. She takes a hesitant breath, trying not to wake Finn or Poe, but Ben just shakes his head. “Go back to sleep,” he says, so quietly that she barely hears him. She doesn’t have to ask to know why he’s here. She didn’t mention the near miss today, but he must have seen it in some headline or another. She feels guilty that she didn’t think of that, when she texted him and told him everything was fine. She reaches her hand out. A silent apology. He leans forward and takes it, staring down at their hands with this strangely determined set in his brow. He rubs the tops of her fingers with the pad of his thumb as he lets her go. “I’ll see you in the morning,” he says. She falls asleep quickly and easily, as if his presence were nothing more than a strangely relieving dream. “This isn’t how women talk,” she clucks. “What the — where the hell did you get that?” Ben Solo stalks over to her, grabbing the manuscript out of her hands. Rey sits back in his couch, unfazed, staring out at his apartment’s ridiculously expansive view of Central Park. She may have begrudgingly accept everything else that has been happening to her in the last few weeks, but the view, at least, will never get old. “It was sitting on your coffee table,” she tells him as-a-matter-of-factly. “Hux told me to be here at two, and you’ve been primping for half an hour. What else was I supposed to do?” “Mind your own damn business,” says Ben, shoving the manuscript into a drawer. She glances over at him out of the corner of her eye. It’s rare that she actually sees him get flustered these days, in the way he used to when they first met a few months ago, before he started getting clean. Sure enough, his cheeks are red from embarrassment, his fists clenched at his sides. She softens her face just slightly. It’s inconvenient, really, these moments that Ben Solo seems … well, human. “It’s not a bad script,” she says. “It’s just — the main girl’s dialogue could use some work.” “You weren’t supposed to be reading it in the first place,” he says. She throws her hands up. “You’re right,” she says. “My bad. Can we go now? The sooner we get this walk out of the way the sooner I can change back into sweatpants and study for my finals.” “Fine,” he says caustically, his eyes raking her for one brief and strangely thrilling moment. Rey turns her head to the side quickly, before she finds herself blushing every bit as stupidly as Ben. Hux had her outfitted the instant she walked in, in a pair of high-waisted black jeans and a floral crop top and a bright red lipstick. She caught her reflection in one of his mirrors in the hall and didn’t even recognize herself; she is alternately itching to take it all off, and itching under the weight of his eyes, privately wanting him to look again. She has gotten used to these fake dates with Ben Solo — this one will mark the fifth of them — but somehow she still finds herself navigating these tiny, awkward moments of weakness, when she can almost fool herself into thinking he’s actually attracted to her and not just the fact that she looks wholesome next to him on paper. She takes a breath and lets it go. “Don’t come back for at least an hour,” says Hux. “No — don’t come back until I’ve texted. When I see a TMZ headline, you’re free to come home, but not a second before. Got it?” “Roger that, Hecks.” “It’s Hux — ” “Sorry,” says Rey lazily. “Don’t forget to hold hands this time, or I’ll — ” The door shuts behind them. If Rey isn’t mistaken, Ben almost smiles. It only takes a few minutes into their little stroll for the paparazzi to descend. The first time it happened Rey felt a genuine pulse of fear, something primal and ridiculous and holy shit what did I do thrumming through her veins. She was at once so afraid of her face being out there, of what she might look like, of who might see — but then she remembered that there is nobody, outside of Finn, that cares about her. She is a blank face to these people. As soon as she stops “dating” Ben Solo, she feel fade into obscurity faster than some of these other rich women give back their dresses after awards shows. She bears this in mind as they are crowded and followed and stalked down Central Park West. Ben was already holding her hand, and maybe she’s imagining the slight squeeze of his fingers when one of them yells a little too loudly to “Look here, look here, sweet cheeks”. “I didn’t know you liked to write,” she says, because she has to distract herself or she’s going to trip on these stupid heels or run for her fucking life or smack one of these assholes upside the head. Ben’s face stays neutral for the cameras. “Drop it,” he says. She smiles up at him beatifically, the snaps of the cameras like a plague of insects in her ears. “I meant what I said,” she tells him. “It’s not shit.” He kisses her on the temple, the disgustingly adorable way that Hux coached them to last week. She knew it was coming, but she had no way of anticipating the impossible shiver it sends up her spine, the embarrassing way her heart clenches. He is a devastatingly good actor. For the briefest of moments, it is almost like being loved. He uses the instant that his mouth is this close to her ear to mutter, “I said drop it, Rey.” It takes her a beat to remember to scrunch her face and laugh up at him the way they rehearsed. Shit, shit, shit, she is terrible at this. She can’t multitask to save her life, and there’s way too much on the fucking line to risk it. “How about a real kiss?” one of the weasels yells from the sidewalk. “None of that weak shit, kiss her like a man!” Ben tenses next to her. Fuck. If he does anything stupid, she’s the one who’s going to get in trouble. Snoke was clear with her that there would be consequences if she didn’t keep him in line, and she doesn’t want to test him on that. She leans up and presses her mouth to his ear, like they’re sharing some private, intimate moment. The cameras, of course, go wild. “Let me help you write it,” she says into his ear. “You’re making fun of me.” “No,” she says. “I wouldn’t offer if I were.” Jesus Christ, he smells like … like shampoo and warm skin and Ben Solo. For a fraction of a second it is dizzying, and she closes her eyes just slightly, allowing herself to savor it for a half-breath. No. He’s an asshole. He’s an asshole who’s paying for a fake girlfriend, an asshole who destroyed his reputation so thoroughly that he had to scavenge her out of the foster group home volunteer bargain bin. She blinks her eyes back open and steps back, her smile firmly in place for the cameras, her jaw aching with the effort. “Hux told me to kiss you,” Ben blurts. It’s quiet enough that nobody has heard them, but just barely. She stiffens. “Oh,” she says. Instinctively she ducks her head down, but no. She can’t shy away. It’s degrading and awful and shitty, but it’s also part of the deal that is keeping her out of jail, that is keeping Kyle and Wren safe. Ben brushes a few strands of hair back from her face, and her eyes snap up to his. They haven’t rehearsed this, haven’t discussed it. Shit. She’s shaking like some junior high kid in a school play. She’s never even kissed anyone before, and now here she is, in front of the entire fucking world, about to gracelessly, awfully, unwillingly make out with one of the most famous faces on the planet. “I’m not going to,” he says. She can’t tell what is more crushing, her relief or her humiliation. Of course he isn’t going to kiss her. Why can’t she just get it through her fucking head already? He doesn’t want her. This whole thing is a fucking setup, no matter how good he is at making doe eyes at her. She huffs almost invisibly. “Good,” she says, her voice tight. They walk on for a little while longer, in silence now. She knows she’s going to get shit for it later, when some footage of this gets out and people speculate on Twitter about how stiff she is, or what a shrew she seems like, or how she has “resting bitch face” even when she is actively smiling like goddamn Fake Movie Star Girlfriend Barbie. “I’ll email you the first draft.” Rey looks up at him, wondering if he misspoke. “You will?” He isn’t quite looking at her. “Yeah. Let me know how to fix it.” The grin that slowly forms on her face is the only genuine one she has felt all day. Only after the taxi has already taken off do they realize that they’re still holding hands, and Rey concedes that maybe it is not the worst feeling in the world. “What. On Earth. Is this? ” Rey cannot imagine a sight less pleasant to wake up to than Hux’s eyes bugging out like he just watched her set an entire group of schoolchildren on fire. Finn yelps in surprise, his forehead immediately smacking Rey’s, the two of them bumbling and cursing as they attempt to untangle themselves from blankets that Poe must have already gotten out of without waking either of them. “Whoa, who let him in here?” says Poe, walking in from the hall with his hair still wet from the shower. “Who let me in here? Who let you in here?” Hux demands. His eyes scrape up and down Rey and Finn, who must look like fifty shades of shit right now. Then he visibly shudders. “No. I don’t want to know. Get up, Kenobi, we’ve got damage control to do.” Rey’s tongue is thick, her eyes still puffy from sleep. “Damage control?” She hears footsteps from down the hall that she knows must be Ben’s, and then is somewhat awed at how ridiculously red Hux’s face becomes. “ You ,” he says, his pale eyes fixating on Ben with so much malice that Rey genuinely has to hold her breath to stop from laughing. “What the fuck were you thinking?” Ben scowls at him unrepentantly. “My wife was almost hit by a car,” he says. “Of course I came home.” Hux lets out a sharp, derailed sounding laugh. “That is the least of my concerns right now,” he says, shoving a tabloid under Ben’s nose. By now Finn and Rey have extricated themselves from the couch. Ben stares down at the cover, looking genuinely disarmed by the photograph on the front. Poe, who is standing just a few feet away, blinks at it a few times, too. “Well, that’s obviously just some bad photoshop,” says Poe. A beat. “No, it’s not,” Ben admits. “What isn’t?” Rey asks. Hux turns to her as if she hasn’t spoken. “Go shower. The stylist is on her way. I’ve managed to get you an invite to a charity luncheon this afternoon – the sooner you two are pictured together, the fewer ingrates I’ll have calling me for a statement about you.” “It’s truly not what it looks like,” says Ben, seeming a little agitated as Rey crosses the distance between them, peering at the tabloid. He almost looks as though he is going to pull it out of her view — but then, they both know how futile that would be. The picture is grainy, but unmistakable. Ben, embracing a woman in high, high heels and a flirty floral print dress. Rey figures out it before she even sees the headline: Ben Caught Cheating With Misty! , followed quickly by a subhed: Official Source Confirms Solo Divorce Rumors! Rey Throws Herself In Front Of Car! and a tiny, miserable picture of Rey balking at the cameras as Finn pulled her off the sidewalk yesterday. Her entire mouth has gone dry. “Well, shit,” says Rey candidly. Hux scoffs. “It’s really not what it — ” “I’m sure it isn’t,” says Rey, a little too quickly. Ben looks almost hurt by how quickly she shuts him down. But honestly, with everything else that is going on, the possibility of Ben Solo cheating on her with a rich socialite is the least of her concerns. Her concerns are Kyle and Wren, and the fucking car that almost decked her yesterday. As far as she knows, she had never even met Ben Solo until a few weeks ago; she is really in no place to be feeling wronged in some way if he cheats on her. Hell, maybe it was part of the deal. He’s looking at her. She only knows because suddenly she is very, very set on not looking at him. “Rey …” “No, we have no time for this. Talk in the car. I have a firm appointment to throw myself of a god damn bridge when I’m through fixing your mess this afternoon, so we have to keep to the schedule.” Hux turns back to Rey, looking so murderous that the whole thing might be her fault. “Get. In. The shower.” “Jesus,” Finn mutters, with a visible shudder. Rey is suddenly itching to get away from Ben, away from the pitying glance of Finn and Poe. “Right,” she says. She offers her friends an apologetic smile, and opens her mouth to thank them for staying with her when Hux all but shoves her down the hall with the gusto of a pageant mom in Toddlers and Tiaras . Once she gets inside she shuts the door behind her, relieved to be alone. She turns on the spray and jumps in before the water even warms up, wondering how she can feel so unsurprised and so completely, ridiculously, utterly stupid at the same time. They don’t end up talking in the car. Ben is on the phone the entire time, barely getting in a word edgewise with whoever is on the other line. She sits uncomfortably in her pastel yellow, scalloped dress and matching pink dress and necklace, remembering Hux’s last words to her on their way out the door: If you wrinkle that dress sitting on it on the way to the luncheon, I will make you regret the day you were born. It’s funny. This whole thing should be funny. She is oddly stricken every few blocks that they drive with the urge to laugh. There is a very real possibility that someone just tried to kill her, and she’s playing dress-up with a movie star in a car that costs more than she has collectively made in her entire life to quell some stupid rumor about a woman she has never met. Ben hangs up the phone just as the car pulls to the curb. “Rey, I — ” “We’re here,” she says brightly, shoving the door open and letting herself out, to the astonishment of the attendant waiting on the curb to do just that. She waits for Ben to come around just the way Hux told her to, but for once it is Ben who seems to be the one who has forgotten the script. He stands there, suddenly awkward in his height and his broadness, less mysterious and brooding and more … embarrassed. She spares him the indignity and reaches out her hand, grabbing his firmly and forcing a winning smile up at him just as the cameras start to click. “You think something happened,” he says, the mask of his Ben Solo pseudo-smile so perfectly in place that she could easily trick herself into thinking he hadn’t said anything at all. Her smile is still fixed. It is easier to maintain than she thought it would be. “I don’t care,” she says. His hand slackens in hers. Nothing in his posture changes, and his expression is still cool and collected as he turns his face away from hers, but somehow she knows — he’s angry. Angry at her, for what she just said. “You should,” he says lowly. And then they’re moving, into the luncheon, and it occurs to Rey for the first time that she is scared shitless. Not because of the cameras, or the famous people, or her complete and utter cluelessness for what goes on at an event like this. She’s terrified because it occurs to her that she must have met every single person in this room in the past five years, and she doesn’t remember a single one of them. To make it worse, the second they are inside and away from the cameras, Ben mutters something and leaves her in the middle of this fuckfest — alone . For a moment Rey stands there stupidly, drinking the whole thing in. The fancy sandwiches and macarons and delicacies on trays that nobody is touching. The servers scurrying around with trays of champagne and mimosas. The elegant flowers draped along the walls of the ballroom, stunning and vibrant and cheerful. And the people, all of them carrying themselves with such confidence that Rey feels like a weed in someone’s tulip garden. Hilariously enough, though, it doesn’t end up mattering that she can’t remember any of these people. She embraces the tiny, overly-made up women who embrace her, but everything they say before fluttering off to someone more important is so light and inconsequential that Rey honestly can’t tell if she has known some of them for several years or several minutes. “Mimosa?” a waiter asks her. “Oh, um, no thanks,” says Rey. She glances across the room, looking for Ben. “Is there anything else I can get you?” “Um,” says Rey, distracted in her search, already itching to leave. “A lemonade, perhaps?” “Uh, sure, yes, thanks,” she mutters. He presses one into her hands and she mutters another thank you, wondering where on earth Ben could be. She gives up pretty quickly though, half-heartedly stirring her lemonade with the little straw it came in. She idly thinks of the contract — she’s not allowed to drink, because apparently Ben has been sober for years now. Something she must have had something to do with. She wonders how often in their “marriage” they discussed it. Whoever drafted the contract doesn’t seem to know that Rey has been sober herself since she pried herself from Unkar’s thumb. She doesn’t think of it often, and hasn’t thought of it much in the last few weeks with everything else that is going on, but there was a time that she wasn’t much better off than Ben Solo in his worst days. It’s just that there were no cameras around to catch a 15-year-old Rey Kenobi drinking herself to sleep or swigging entire three dollar bottles of wine. Sometimes, if she could manage to get a train card and get deeper into the city, she could spend entire nights getting blackout drunk off of the free drinks men bought her alone. Nobody ever asked how old she was. Nobody ever cared. It was easy to hide from Finn, who was with another family upstate at that point. She never told anyone about it, or the day when it all came to a head — when she woke up in someone else’s bed, in someone else’s apartment, still drunk from the night before and hungover at the same time. How she was convinced in some unshakable place in her bones that she had done something irreversible, something awful. How she was about to sneak out of the stranger’s apartment when she saw a shadow approaching from the other room, and a chill of fear, a certainty that she was in trouble, more trouble than she’d ever been — And a second chance. A woman in her 50s or 60s, with kind eyes and more sympathy than Rey felt she deserved. Rey does not remember the woman finding her drunk and half passed out on a bus, or remember agreeing to follow her home, but she will never forget the acute shift of that day — the before, versus the after. The desperate and broken and lost, and the determination to make it through. One person cared about her, and even for a second, even for a day, it was enough for Rey to change the entire course of her life. She wonders now, as she spots the man she calls her husband emerging from the crowd, how she could have possibly been that same person for him. “How long do we have to stay here?” she asks him, still smiling as he ropes his hand in with hers. He presses draws her in slightly and presses his lips to the side of her head. Rey is suddenly struck with an overwhelming sense of deja vu, so intense that for a moment it seems to rock the earth under her. “Probably another hour,” he murmurs. “You’re upset with me.” His brows raise just slightly. Instead of responding, he takes the lemonade from her and takes a long gulp. “You don’t even want me to explain,” he says. There isn’t even so much as an edge to his voice or the slightest flicker in his face as he hands her back her drink. It is eerily impressive, how composed he is, when already she can feel a flush in her cheeks giving her away. “I’m not in charge of you,” she says. If he’s going to put on a show here, then so is she. “You can do whatever you want, Ben.” “I want to talk about this,” he says. “We could have, in the car,” she reminds him. She blinks, hard. She hates that she isn’t as good at this as he is. She hates that it’s so easy for him to pretend everything is okay in front of all these people, when all of a sudden it feels like there is something itching at her every seam. His voice softens. “That’s on me,” he admits. “But the fact that you don’t seem to believe me, that you don’t even want to talk about it — ” He stops mid-sentence. Rey thinks that maybe he has spotted someone he knows, or is trying to keep himself in check. She isn’t looking at him, so she misses the panic brewing in his eyes, misses the way his whole body stiffens. She is about to take a sip of her lemonade when Ben unexpectedly, and almost sloppily, grabs her hand. “Ben,” she says warningly — and then she sees his face. “Don’t drink that,” he says. His eyes are unfocused. Glazed, even. “Why?” He doesn’t answer. “We’re leaving,” he says, grabbing the lemonade out of her grasp and setting it down on the table with such force that several pairs of eyes work their way over to them. She doesn’t question him. There is something undefinable in his tone, and all at once she forgets that she is angry with him, forgets that there is any weirdness between them at all. He grabs her hand and they’re walking through crowd toward the door, so quickly that he doesn’t stop for two separate people who emerge and try to say hello to them. “What’s wrong?” she asks, trying to keep her voice low. His walk is sloppy, she realizes. It wouldn’t be so obvious on anyone else, but he is so tall that he dwarfs most of the room as it is. “There was something in your drink.” She hasn’t even properly absorbed his words when she blurts out, forgetting all sense of decorum, “Are you okay?” He doesn’t answer, continuing to pull her through the doors. She barely remembers to smile as the cameras at the exit flare at them again. He’s walking so quickly that she can barely keep up in these ridiculous heels, and in some unhelpful place in the back of her mind she wonders just how much shit they’re going to get from Hux from how bizarre these photos of them look later. “Should we call someone?” she asks. He raises his hand to summon his car and she sees how lethargic, how unsteady it is. “Should we get — ” “No,” he says. Not harshly, but firmly. His mouth is set in a grim line. “We can’t call anyone.” “But — ” “You have to trust me,” he says, as the car pulls up. He fiddles with the handle and she gets inside quickly, before he can try to nudge her in himself and make more of a spectacle. She is relieved once they are inside, clambering over him to shut the door when he takes too long to do it himself. “Ben, what should I — ” He rattles off an address to the driver, some place in Brooklyn she doesn’t recognize. He turns to her, and shit . There is a sheen of sweat on his forehead, a dullness in his eyes, the slack expression so unnatural on him that he doesn’t even look like himself. “It’s okay,” he tells her. “It’ll be fine.” Somehow, hearing him say this in the midst of everything else that has happened only makes her feel worse. The car lurches forward and so does he — she reaches out an arm to steady him, and he either accepts her help or has lost the capacity not to. She positions him so that he can lean back in his seat and hooks his seatbelt up, her eyes darting to his face, to his chest, making sure that he’s still conscious, still breathing. “I’m sorry,” she says to him. Even if he doesn’t realize it, she knows: whatever was in that drink was meant for her. He surprises her by managing to find her hand, and offering it the barest of squeezes. “So am I.” Notes: GUYSSSS this week has been insane. Sorry for taking so long to update this! Every single time I thought I'd have a chunk of free time to do it, something got in the way. I tried to make it a little meatier than other chapters to make up for the wait. Hopefully I'll have some more time this weekend (although I did sneak the five hour bus ride to my parents for Mother's Day, so I am now a bit preoccupied eating junk food with my many siblings and humoring my mother's crush on the guy from Outlander — aka the best weekend ever). Thank you so much for your kind and encouraging words!! The story is a bit unconventional, so I'm relieved that people seem to be responding to it :). Hope you're all having good weekends and that there is a junk food in your vicinity! Chapter 9 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben is semi-conscious by the time they reach the address he slurred off to the driver, and Rey is so stiff with panic that she has forgotten how to breathe. She has no idea what to anticipate, what exactly she should be steeling herself for. She doesn’t tear her eyes off of him for a second, even when it occurs to her that she might want to get some kind of gage on where the hell he is taking them. The ride takes twenty minutes at the most, but it starts to feel like an excruciating loop — every 30 seconds she’ll say his name, and he’ll nod or grunt or give some indication that he’s alive, and she’ll be relieved for a beat before the panic refreshes itself all over again. The three times she considers ignoring him and rerouting the car to a hospital, he seems to know she is going to try before she does, and immediately puts his hand on her knee to stop her. Basically, if the drug from her drink doesn’t kill him, she will . They pull up to the curb and Ben miraculously manages to get up from his seat. He tells the driver to leave, and when he and Rey spill out on the curb, half of Ben’s weight on her, Rey realizes that they’re in one of those kitschy, cookie cutter parts of Brooklyn, the kind with the townhouses all squished together and shrubbery on the front steps that are walking distance to Prospect Park. “What on …” “Ben? Rey?” The door opens, and reveals a woman with the silkiest hair, whitest teeth, and most perfectly unblemished skin Rey has ever seen. Misty Simmons, her brain tells her, even when her body uselessly plants itself to the curb and her jaw drops open at the effect of her. She has never really seen the woman in motion, but holy shit , is she beautiful. Like, if there were a modern day Trojan war, she’d be Helen and they’d all be massively fucked. “You’re … you’re …” Rey manages. Misty takes one look at Ben and her doe eyes go wide. “Get inside,” she says, nudging Rey’s shoulder with her hand for her to follow. The gesture is so familiar and executed with such little hesitation that Rey doesn’t even have the wherewithal to wonder how on earth she thinks it’s appropriate. “Get him on the couch,” Misty says as they walk inside. “Is he using again? What did he take?” “No,” says Rey, trying to ease him onto a velvety pale pink couch, “he was — ” “Bad prescription,” Ben interrupts her. “Fuck that, Ben, you know better than that,” says Misty, the words incongruent coming out of her bow-shaped little mouth. She turns back to Rey. “What really happened?” Rey opens her mouth and flounders for a moment. “I don’t know,” she finally says, because at least that way she is only half-lying. “I’m sorry, why did – why did Ben bring us here?” Misty’s eyebrows pucker in confusion before lifting straight up into her perfectly coiffed bangs. “Fuck,” she says, “Ben wasn’t kidding. You really did forget a bunch of shit, didn’t you?” “I forgot all the ‘shit,’” says Rey bluntly. “I don’t know who you are. And Ben – ” “Is going to be just fine, because my brother’s a doctor, and he’s on his way right now,” she says. “Thanks,” Ben mumbles. “Can it, Solo,” says Misty. “You’re in trouble as soon as you can talk.” Rey winces. “It’s really not his — ” “You,” Misty says, pointing at Rey. “Go to the kitchen, grab a glass of water.” Rey hesitates. “I don’t know where the — ” “Shit, right, yeah. Down that hall. Glasses in the cabinets over the sink.” Misty descends on Ben as Rey leaves the room, reeling. Maybe he is cheating on her, then. Or is it really cheating, if he and Rey were never really in a relationship in the first place? The way Misty is talking to her, it doesn’t seem like Rey had a problem with it. So why does the idea of it irk her so much now? Ben, at least, is looking semi-functional when she comes back with the water, enough that he doesn’t need any help with it. The back door opens and Rey tenses. “We’ll get out of his way,” says Misty, as a man who looks like the equally hot male version of her walks in. Misty leads her to the kitchen, and starts wordlessly grabbing a tea kettle. For a brief, disorienting second, Rey remembers this feeling, remembers the rhythm of the way Misty maneuvers around things — the kettle, the water, the stove, the little jar full of tea bags. “Are you and Ben dating?” she blurts. It’s a terrible choice of words, and it sounds childish coming out of her mouth. So childish, in fact, that Misty actually stops what she’s doing to laugh. Rey’s face ignites like there’s an actual flame under it. “Shit, kid,” says Misty. “You’re married to him. How could you think that … oh, honey,” she says, catching the look on Rey’s face. “Honey, no. I’m sorry. Not for a long fucking time.” Rey wants to stiffen at “kid” and “honey,” usually harboring a healthy hatred for those terms of endearment. But oddly, coming from Misty, she doesn’t mind. “Sorry,” she mutters lamely. “I just, uh — we’re here, and the picture … in the magazine …” Misty nods. “Yeah. Fucked up, isn’t it, what the heads will say. Anything to sell a rag.” Rey stares into her lap, willing herself not to ask the question on the tip of her tongue: Then what the hell was actually happening? “He was scared, Rey,” says Misty, her perfectly symmetrical face sobering. “He saw that video of you almost getting hit by a car and he was scared out of his mind. My father lent him the family jet to get him back to New York overnight — that’s why I was hugging him.” That’s what he’d wanted to tell her. “Oh,” she says, because the acute pinch of guilt won’t let her say much else. “He thought he lost you a few weeks ago,” says Misty, “and I guess — he’s just — that man loves the shit out of you, is all.” Why? Rey wants to ask her. She stares up at this woman who, in her own right, has become yet another enigma in the fractured pieces of Rey’s life. Everything she might have thought or assumed about this woman has just derailed itself. The kettle is starting to simmer. “And so do I,” she says flippantly. “I mean, fuck. I’d still be using, if it weren’t for you.” Rey’s eyes fly up to meet hers, all pale and wide and baby blue. “You what?” Misty looks a little sheepish. “I might have pulled some shit when Ben broke up with me. I wasn’t in such a hot place back then. I might have, uh, said some choice things about you … maybe you could do me a favor and lay off the Google search if you really don’t remember, eh?” Rey smiles back at her a little hesitantly. Not for the first time, she wonders just how much about her arrangement with Ben she really knows. “Anyway … you could have just ignored me. Or been hateful right back. Nobody would have blamed you.” She’s ripping the casing off of two tea bags, setting them into these adorable, kitschy little matching mugs. Everything in here is adorable and homey, like Hello Kitty lives here. “But you didn’t. I tried to pick a fight with you at some event once and instead you talked to me. And you kept talking to me. And even though I wanted to hate your fucking guts, I couldn’t.” She puts one of the cups down in front of Rey. “You told me about your, uh — rough patch in high school.” Misty holds her own mug up to her lips, but doesn’t sip it, watching Rey carefully. “And I saw — well, I saw how happy you and Ben were. Sober. And I just … anyway.” She rolls her eyes a bit, a clear defense mechanism to stop herself from getting too emotional. “That’s our friendship Spark Notes.” Rey takes a sip of her tea. Milk and honey, just the way she likes it. In the second that passes while she takes the sip, she decides that she believes her. “Cool,” says Rey, respecting that Misty doesn’t really want to get into it. Misty’s grin splits, uninhibited and wide, messing up her perfect features but somehow making her that much more human. “Cool.” By the time Ben has been cleared to go home and sleep it off, Rey finds herself almost absurdly at ease with Misty. The woman is blunt, honest, and borders on offensive, but Rey hasn’t truly felt this relaxed around anybody since the accident. It is no mystery to her why she decided to open up to Misty about her past — once they get to talking, there is something so open and nonjudgmental about her that Rey finds herself sharing like she’s talking to a cooler older sister. “Keep an eye on him,” says Misty on their way out, clearly still disbelieving that whatever happened to Ben just now was an accident. Rey nods. “I will.” They ride back in silence, Rey alternately staring at the window and staring back at Ben, who pretends not to notice. The quiet makes her uncomfortable; screaming between each of their breaths seems to be every little secret kept between them, and every unthinkable question that they must share. She is almost certain now that somebody is trying to kill her. And she would tell Ben, but that right there is the problem — she can’t tell Ben that she knows that without telling him that she knows everything else. She takes a breath. She feels dizzy. She knows that once she says it, there’s no going back. “Ben,” she says quietly, not looking at him. It’s harder than she thought it would be. Only now does she really let herself acknowledge just how much comfort there was in the lie. “Ben, I know about the contract.” More silence. Her body is rigid with anticipation as it builds and builds and builds, like the air has its own weight that is pressing down on her chest. “Ben,” she says, turning toward him — asleep. He’s asleep. Rey closes her eyes and lets out a breath she didn’t realize she was holding. It’s a sign, then. She isn’t supposed to tell him. This is just one more problem that she is going to have to solve on her own. While Ben sleeps, Rey opens her computer again to more emails from Kyle and Wren, both of them asking if she’s alright. Kyle’s are more rambly, more panicked; Wren’s are shorter, more composed, but somehow all the more cutting. She wonders if she should answer them. She wonders if she will just be putting them all in more danger if she does. In the last email, Kyle says he has set up a temporary number, and begs her to call it. She looks at the string of numbers and something in her seems to click — at the first four numbers, that is. Without thinking, she is rooting through her drawers to find the contract Snoke gave her; without thinking, she is ripping out the image of Kyle and Wren, the one where she can visibly see the tattoo on Kyle’s neck; without thinking, she is typing those four digits, echoed in his temporary number and on his skin, into the passcode on her phone. It unlocks in an instant. “Holy shit,” she mutters. She opens her text messages first. The names flick across the screen — missed texts in the last few weeks from Finn, from Poe, from Misty, from Hux, from numbers that don’t have contacts attached to them. The ones from Misty are mostly emojis and “WTF are you”s. The ones from Poe he must have tried to send after she ran into him that first day she was back from the hospital. The ones from Finn are an awful kind of heart-wrenching — it looks like he sent her a text every other hour the week she was in the coma, a mix of old memories and narration of what was happening at the time and private worry that she’d never be able to read the messages he was sending. She feels herself tearing up and resolves to read them later; she only manages to curb her emotions by reading Hux’s many infuriated and borderline ridiculous texts, most of them screenshots or snaps of magazines with her picture that he’s captioned with “HAIR!” or “BURN THESE JEANS” or some other rampantly offensive thing. She scrolls down a little further to what she’s looking for: her text history with Ben Solo. Curiously, there are only two messages. One from him: I can’t do this anymore . It’s dated the same day as the accident. There is a delay of several minutes, and then a text that she must have sent in response, brutal and short: I know . “Rey?” She startles at the looming shadow of Ben in her doorway. He is bleary-eyed, pale, but nonetheless functional. “Ben,” she stammers. “Just, uh — trying to get this stupid phone open,” she says. “Still can’t, uh … doesn’t matter. How are you feeling? Are you okay?” “Fine,” he says tersely. “No — I’m … Someone put something in your drink.” Rey waves her hand. “I’m sure it was an accident,” she says. “Some rich something or another trying to get their kicks, and accidentally switched it with mine — ” “It wasn’t a recreational drug, Rey,” says Ben. “It was poison. A sip of it incapacitated me. A few sips of it would have killed you.” She gnaws at the inside of her cheek, letting this sink in. It isn’t news to her, of course. But for the first time she is fully letting the reality of it settle in — it’s not just that someone is trying to kill her. To some awful and reckless degree, that doesn’t matter; she has never been careful with herself, or found any reason to be. But the idea that someone trying to hurt her could hurt Ben instead … She has to actively suppress a shudder. “I’m sorry, Ben,” she says. At this point, she isn’t even sure what part she is apologizing for — for almost getting him killed? For not believing him about Misty? For keeping all of this insanity with Kyle and Wren from him? “Is there anything you want to tell me?” he asks. His voice is so solid, so reassuring. It would be so easy to spill it all out to him — to break her contract, to put her life and Kyle and Wren’s lives at risk, to shatter this entire illusion they have so carefully crafted between them. She opens her mouth, and her breath catches; it feels like she is drowning on her own saliva. “Just that I … I should have listened to you,” she says. She clears her throat. “I mean — about you and Misty. You’re right. I wasn’t being fair.” His expression softens a bit. “You didn’t know any better.” “I should have,” she says into her knees, still sitting on the floor. A few beats pass, and she doesn’t look back up at him. She doesn’t realize that he has crossed the room to her until he is mere feet away, until he is crouching down at her level and looking into her eyes. The room is dim, the night falling around them without Rey’s notice, but she can still see the dark gleam of his watchful eyes on her. “If there’s something you want to say to me,” he says. “Anything — you should say it.” It’s stupid, what comes over her then, but his face is so close and the air is so still and she is so achingly curious . In the next moment she is kissing him, and it is nothing like it was the time before. It is breathless, it is almost savage; the impact of it sends them both to the floor, presses their bodies together, awakens something in the very core of her that stirs and then thrums at his touch. For the briefest moment they separate, their faces still so close that she can see the flecks light against dark in his eye, so close that she can feel the heat of him indistinguishable from her own. A beat passes, and then another — and then they are resolute, terminal, her lips crashing into his. Something loosens in her ribcage, the tight panic she has felt all day. I almost lost you , she thinks to herself, and she can feel the same thought echoed in the way his enormous hands press into the skin of her back, in the way he holds he like he is afraid to let go. She has never done this before. Of that she is certain. She would never forget this — this strange swelling in her chest, this ancient and unbearable kind of bliss. She never understood people who kissed each other on the street, never understood how a person could be with another person in this way, never understood what it was to want someone. It is laughable now, how much she worried that she would do it all wrong — it is so easy, so thoughtless, so right . “Ben,” she says, his name breathless in her throat. He opens his eyes into hers, and for the first time, she does not feel unworthy. She does not feel undeserving. For one fragile, teeming moment, she feels loved . Her hands slip just under the seam of his shirt. A silent suggestion, a subtle permission. She wants this. She doesn’t know if she wanted it in the before ( I can’t do this anymore ), but she wants it right now ( I know ), and what she feels right now overpowers everything else. “Rey,” he says, and the tone of his voice uncoils something in her, makes her suck in a wary breath. His eyes seem to swallow her. “I — I can’t.” It is surprising, how quickly her eyes start to sting. “You can’t,” she says, half question, half inevitability. His hand is on her cheek, his rough thumb skimming just under her eye. “Not without … I have to tell you something.” She closes her eyes, ducks her head down. Presses her forehead into his chest. He doesn’t protest, just lets her lay there on the floor with him, waiting her out as she breathes into his shirt. “Okay,” she says, bracing herself. Parts of her that were electric mere moments ago now feel entirely numb. “Tell me.” It takes him a few moments. She wishes he would just say it. Now that they are here, she wants it to be quick and brutal and clean. “Rey,” he says, her name barely more than a rumble in his chest. “The truth is …” The lights flash on so quickly they are nearly blinding, even with her head still pressed into his chest. His entire body goes rigid, his grip on her almost vice-like. “What is — ” “Silent alarm,” he mutters through his teeth. “Someone’s in the apartment.” “Maybe housekeeping …” They both know she’s full of shit. She looks up at him and sees a steely resolve in his eyes. “Stay here,” he says. She scowls at him. “Absolutely not,” she says. “You were just poisoned — ” “If I’m not back in two minutes, call the police,” he says. “ Ben — ” He opens the door and leaves so swiftly that it would be beyond colossally stupid of her to yell after him; it would only compromise them both. She stands there, the fear shrieking between her ears, every instinct telling her that something is inherently wrong — She whips around just in time to see Hux, of all people, standing in the room. She releases an indignant breath. “What the fuck are you doing in here?” she seethes. “Ben thinks — ” “I know what Ben thinks,” says Hux, his voice oddly low. “And I also knew you wouldn’t come quietly.” “Wha — mmgff .” “It’s better this way,” says Hux, pressing the wet cloth to her mouth. “Less messy. Less painful.” It is terrifying, how quickly the room is spinning in one infinite, bottomless loop. Her knees buckle under her. Her eyes won’t stay open. Still, she trashes with all of her might, sucks in a breath that doesn’t come, trying to scream. “You can’t act like you didn’t know this was coming,” says Hux, his voice eerie with an unfeeling kind of pity. “You made a promise, and you broke it.” She shakes her head. No. No . She didn’t break the promise … she did everything they asked … The world finally caves in around her. It doesn’t matter anymore. Notes: TBH, I would explain my delay by telling y'all everything that went down at work this week, but nobody would believe me. Or WORSE, you would believe me, and you would Google it, and then you would know my real human identity and I would probably burst into flames like a vampire exposed to the light. Long story short, I just got thrown into a god damn Twitter MELEE for ... being a feminist. Aahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhaaaaaaaaaaa ha. Someday my "@" mentions will be safe again, but today, my friends, IS NOT THAT DAY. Chapter 10 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It is so humid that it feels like they’re running through a bath tub. She side eyes Ben, checking to see his progress, and of course he doesn’t miss it. “You wanna stop for a bit?” he asks. “No, I’m good,” she says, even though she is relatively certain if they started pumping their arms they could swim through Central Park. They’ve been doing this for a few months now — going on runs in Central Park together. At first she thought he might be making fun of her when he said he wanted to come along, but Ben proved to be a quick study, once he sobered up. Now she finds herself, however unintentionally, looking forward to his quiet companionship on these runs. The few she has taken by herself have seemed to oddly lack some sort of color to them that she couldn’t have anticipated. “Let’s stop here,” Ben says anyway, just when they start to see The Lake from the road. “I want to walk for a bit.” “Okay,” says Rey, secretly relieved. To her surprise, though, Ben starts maneuvering toward the water, toward one of the bridges that crosses it. She follows without question, thinking that he must have spotted some paparazzo or someone with a camera. He’s better at spotting them than she is, even after two years of keeping this charade up. Once she manages to catch her breath, she says, “Did you submit the script yet?” “Not yet,” he admits. Rey raises her brows at him. “I was hoping you’d look at it one more time.” She feels oddly gratified by this. “Ben, the script is great,” she says, turning her head away from him so he doesn’t see the grin curling on her face. “Send it.” “Yeah?” “Yeah.” They walk a few paces in silence. When they reach the bridge, Ben stalls for a second in the middle of it, leaning against the railing and looking out at the water. Rey sidles up next to him, her arm pressed against his arm. She tells herself it’s just in case someone with a camera walks by. But honestly, even she is not so sure if that’s the truth anymore. For once, there aren’t any tourists or other runners nearby. There is an almost eerie silence in the park. They are just shrouded enough by trees that she has this ridiculous notion that they are the only two people in the city. “So,” says Ben, breaking the silence. There is something strange about his voice, something that compels her to look up at him. He seems almost … nervous. “I asked you to marry me last week.” Rey hopes that her smile looks more wry than it does bitter. “Yeah,” she says. “I was there.” She cringes a bit, thinking of the whole overblown, public affair of it. How Hux orchestrated every damn detail. How Rey was instructed exactly how to react, beat by beat — gasp, and then hold her hands to her mouth and nod her head like she just couldn’t believe it , and then start to cry. They rehearsed it at least ten times before they actually went to some famous restaurant in midtown and did it for “real”. And then, of course, the surprise clam allergy reeled its ugly head. At least they managed to get some good shots of the fake proposal before Hux practically dragged her and her swollen face out of there by the collar of her dress. “I know … I know this whole thing is just … whatever it is,” says Ben. Rey doesn’t bother nodding. They both know what this is, and what it isn’t. “But the whole thing back there — it just seemed so … contrived.” Like our entire relationship , Rey wants to remind him, but she bites her tongue. It’s strange, how things have shifted in the last few months. Once she got over herself and the embarrassing attraction to him, and once he sobered up and started acting like a decent human being, the two of them became … well, for lack of a better word, friends. They are surprisingly in sync. She finds herself calling him with good news before she even calls Finn. Sometimes he shows up to her apartment unannounced with enough food for the whole gang, and hangs out with Finn and Poe, double dating like an actual couple. In fact, Hux hasn’t had to tell them to do this or that or the other thing in a long time — they just sort of naturally … do it. “Gee, really?” she asks. She turns to smirk at him, but the smirk falls off her face just as quickly. Ben is down on one knee. It takes her a second to fully process what is happening, because there is a split second she thinks that maybe there is something physically wrong with him, that he is so close to the ground. Once she gets over that initial concern, she finds herself open-mouthed staring at him. “Rey,” he says. Jesus, she wished she didn’t love the way her name sounded on his lips. “I know that this is … I know this isn’t a real marriage. But — but I can’t in good conscience fake marry you if we don’t even have a good fake proposal.” It is just the way Hux wanted it. She finds herself, unconsciously, holding a hand to her mouth; finds herself unconsciously misty-eyed and fluttering and a little bit apprehensive, like she is standing on the edge of something after a long run. But this time she cannot help it. This time she is dangerously, unexpectedly feeling something, so caught up in the surrealness of this moment that she cannot master herself. She has spent enough time around Ben that she knows all of his expressions by heart, but she has never seen this one before. His face is somehow both solemn and apprehensive at the same time, his eyes looking into hers with such determination that she can’t laugh this off, can’t dismiss this as a joke. “Ben …” she says, immediately embarrassed by how breathless she sounds. He smiles just a bit, setting her at ease — and then pulls a box out of his pocket. She doesn’t quite understand why; she already has a ring, the gargantuan, overpriced monstrosity that Hux gave Ben to give to her a few weeks ago that now feels heavy and awkward on her finger. Ben opens the box, and the ring on the inside is tiny, and simple, and understated, and … perfect. “I know you hate the other one,” he says. She laughs, a little throatily, still not entirely uncertain that somebody is going to jump out from the path and announce that this whole thing is a joke. But then Ben takes her by the hand with a tenderness that sends the slightest shiver up her spine. He slides the other ring off of her finger, glancing up at her. She has no idea what her face looks like right now; she is frozen to this spot, disbelieving, stunned. In her silence, he takes the other ring from the box and replaces it on her finger. It is almost heartbreaking, how perfectly it fits. “Rey … will you ....” She closes her eyes, for just a fraction of a second — and makes a decision. Maybe the stupidest decision she has ever made in her life. She decides to pretend that this is real. That Ben Solo — famous movie star, infamous party boy, secret script writer, possibly her best friend — is actually in love with her. That this man, this person she has unwittingly invested so much of her heart and soul into, actually wants to spend the rest of his life with her. She leans into the moment, this dangerous, perfect, lie of a moment, and lets herself feel it in a way she has never let herself feel anything before. “Will you marry me?” When she opens her eyes, the world is clear and perfect and quiet. “Yes,” she says. There is nothing wry or bitter or ironic about it. She is as bare as she has ever been, as she ever will be. And Ben smiles. He smiles one of those rare, perfect smiles, so infectious and blinding that she can’t help but smile back. “She’s waking up.” “I can see that.” “This is so fucked up. Shit. Shit. What’re they gonna do to us?” “Wren, would you shut it? ” Rey’s eyelids feel like she is peeling them apart from a thick line of glue. Everything part of her is a dull throb — her head, her joints, even her heart in her chest. She opens her eyes to a dim, bare room, and before she can even adjust to the lack of light, she realizes that she is handcuffed to a metal chair. It is a terrible time to laugh, but that is what ends up happening anyway. “Rey?” The thin little voice travels from the other side of the room, and Rey follows it to a pair of wide, dark eyes obscured by a veil of thick black hair, now messy and tangled. Just beside her is a similarly pale face, features drawn and hard and resolute, staring at Rey with an unreadably fierce expression. Kyle and Wren. “I’m so sorry, Rey,” Wren is bursting, her voice harsh against the silence. “We tried to call, we tried to tell you — ” “Stay quiet ,” Kyle hushes her in an instant. His eyes are in the corners of the room, on the door, on the ground. “They’re listening. I’m sure they’re listening. They wouldn’t just lock us in here and — ” “Lock us in where? ” Rey interrupts, getting her wits about her. “Where are we?” Wren’s mouth pinches shut, deferring to her brother, who looks a little stunned to hear Rey’s voice. “Somewhere in New York,” he says after a moment. “I don’t know. We came here, trying to find you — ” “We hadn’t heard from you in ages,” Wren interrupts, “and then Ben – ” “ Wren ,” Kyle warns her. Rey shakes her head. Shit . Mistake. It feels like there is pressure coming at her from all sides. “And then Ben what? ” “Nothing,” Kyle says quickly, his eyes flashing a warning. Rey tries to size him up, but she is so out of her depth that she feels lost in time and space, as if she is dreaming all of this. “I’m sorry,” she says. She has no idea what other powers are at play here, or who Kyle is afraid of listening in on this, but she can only say as much as she knows. “I don’t remember either of you. After the accident, I — ” “We know,” says Wren sadly. Rey never answered any of their emails. “How do you know?” Kyle opens his mouth again, almost certainly to stop Wren from answering, when the door clicks open and a sliver of light reveals Hux in the doorway. All three of them fall silent. Wren looks away, and Kyle immediately stares at Hux with enough loathing to cut through the air in the room. “Finally,” says Hux, his pale eyes falling to Rey. “I was beginning to think we’d actually managed to kill you this time.” Rey’s blood runs cold. It all comes slamming back — the car. The poison. The tripped alarm, and Hux pressing the cloth into her mouth. “Where’s Ben?” she demands. It’s a stupid question to ask, the least helpful, given their circumstances — but even now, with her hands chained to her chair, staring into the eyes of a man who wants her dead, he is her first concern. “Detained,” says Hux crisply. “ How? ” Rey says through her teeth. Hux pauses for a moment, a slight smirk curling on his lip. “That’s sweet,” he says lowly. “You really do care about him, then. What a pity.” He crosses the room, only a few feet from her now, and stares down at her. “Apparently not enough to stick to the terms of our deal .” “Me?” Rey shoots back at him. “Despite not having any fucking idea what’s going on, I read that contract. I’ve done exactly what you asked, what you’ve always asked. You’re the one who’s apparently been trying to kill me — ” “You knew there would be consequences if you breached the contract,” says Hux sharply. “I didn’t — ” “Don’t lie ,” says Hux, drawing out a gun from behind him so quickly and so efficiently that it seems to suck the air out of the room. Wren lets out a muffled little cry and Rey stares wide-eyed into the barrel of the gun, stricken by it, almost mesmerized. “You tried to be crafty about looking into Unkar’s murder. You thought we wouldn’t notice, maybe, is that it? You got the idea in your pretty little head that you could gather enough evidence for a retrial, and absolve these two pathetic creatures — ” “I never looked into anything,” Rey insists, trying to stay calm for Kyle and Wren’s sakes. “And Christ , even if I had — you seriously want me dead? ” Hux’s lips thin. “You may have thought we were stupid when you went sniffing into the trial,” he says, “but we are far from it. We notice everything. Every move is calculated. You’ve seen how precise, how particular, how successful I am. Ben’s career — every second of it — has been under our control.” Rey stares blankly at him, wondering where the fuck he is going with this. “That’s right,” Hux continues. “The early years. The transition into mainstream.” His voice darkens just a bit. “The edge of his drug addiction. His redemption. You .” She is biting her cheek so hard she can taste blood. “But you — you are the one thing I never counted on,” says Hux. “I couldn’t have imagined just how much the masses would love one misguided, pitiful, unremarkable excuse for a girl. I considered the idea of divorcing the two of you, but by then it was too late. They fucking loved you.” The gun is still trained so unflinchingly at her that she barely even breathes, can barely even hear him over the roar of her own death staring her in the face. “So I ran out of options. If you broke up, Ben would be villainized. Another Pitt. Another Affleck. And considering Ben Solo’s net worth dwarfs theirs, even at the height of their careers — I can’t afford that, Rey.” The sound of her name coming out of his mouth makes her shudder. “So instead you decided to kill me?” she asks, the words sounding so absurd that she thinks surely he will hear the absurdity of them, too. Instead, Hux smiles. Really, genuinely smiles, and everything about it repulses her. “A tragic accident,” he says. “You’d become a legend. He’d become a saint.” He looks Rey up and down with distaste. “It’s a lot more than you could have ever hoped for in life, given everything you lack.” Rey can’t even imagine dignifying that with a response. Is Hux an actual fucking psychopath? Thinking she’d rather be dead than forgettable? And is Ben’s career really that important to them, that it’s worth putting lives on the line? The accident. She never asked Ben how it happened, because she didn’t want to press him. Because she was too devastated by the loss of her memories to consider anything else. Oh, god . It wasn't an accident, was it? “But it seems that you are proving every bit as difficult to get rid of as it was to get you on board with this in the first place,” says Hux through his teeth. “Thanks to you, the safety of our asset has been compromised. And I can’t have that.” “You mean when he drank the poison you wanted to kill me with?” says Rey, her voice surprisingly steady now, despite the weapon trained between her eyes. The whole situation is too surreal, as if reality is not really touching her, as if it’s happening to somebody else. “And yet you’re the one who let him wreck himself with drugs, to the point where he almost died at his own hand — ” “Yes,” says Hux, “and lucky for you that he did, or we never would have had a reason for you in the first place.” “Lucky,” Rey deadpans. She isn’t even sure what she’s doing right now, hyper aware of Kyle and Wren sitting petrified behind Hux. There is no plan, but as long as she is alive, and as long as his attention is on her, the two of them are safe. Even now, even not knowing a thing about them, that is all that she wants. “And lucky now, too,” says Hux bitterly. “Because I’m going to offer you a deal, in exchange for your life. In exchange for theirs .” Apparently Hux hasn’t forgotten about them; Rey stiffens, intentionally not breaking eye contact with Hux, as desperate as she is to look at the twins. “And what’s that?” she asks. Hux’s nostrils flare. “Unkar Plutt’s murder is up for retrial,” he says softly. Menacingly. “Just as you intended.” There is no point in telling him she had nothing to do with it; it can only have been the twins, and how can she blame them? They didn’t deserve this. They didn’t deserve any of this. How many years have they been running from a crime that had nothing to do with them? It would only be natural for them to seek justice, to clear their names. She wishes she could tell them that. She wishes she could let them know it’s okay. “This time you’re going to come forward,” he says. “And tell them you did it.” “What?” The word comes out harsh, almost like a laugh — but she can’t help it. It’s not that she isn’t willing to take the blame in exchange for their lives; she just can’t see how this fits into his plan at all. “How on earth is that good for Ben’s public image?” Hux sneers at her. “It isn’t,” he says. “It keeps him out of jail,” Kyle seethes at Hux, apparently unable to contain himself. “He did it. He killed Unkar. And now he — ” The bullet resounds through the room with a bone-cracking violence; Wren is screaming, or Rey is screaming, but when she opens her eyes, Kyle is unharmed and Hux’s gun is in the air. A warning shot. “It will be damaging to Ben’s career if he loses you, yes,” he says, with the patience of a man who didn’t just fire a gun off in the middle of a conversation. “But it will be devastating to his career if he loses me. Snoke and I made him who he is today. Without us, there is no Ben Solo.” There is no point in reasoning with him. The warning shot had its desired effect. She will do whatever it takes to get the twins out of here. “What do you want from me?” she asks, even as Wren starts vigorously shaking her head behind Hux, even as her eyes well up with tears. The gun is back on Rey again. Good. “I’m going to film your confession,” says Hux. “It will be scripted. I’ll tell you exactly what to say and how to say it. You ought to be used to that by now.” Rey stares back at him. He looks poised, as if he is anticipating that she’ll protest. “You can hardly tape my confession with my hands cuffed to a chair,” she points out instead, maybe a little more snarkily than she should. “Exactly,” says Hux with another one of those unnerving smiles. “Which is why the two of them will remain here, in my custody, until I am completely satisfied with your confession.” “Don’t do this,” Wren blurts. Rey’s eyes immediately shoot daggers at her in warning, but Wren is barely even looking at her. “Please, Rey,” says Wren, and this time Kyle does nothing to stop her, looking as resigned as she is desperate. “You’ve done enough for us, you can’t — ” “She will,” says Hux, aiming the gun over at her. “Now shut your mouth, girl. I don’t need both of you as leverage, you know.” Kyle’s eyes are practically black with malice. “You have no fucking idea what’s going on,” he says. “It doesn’t matter what you do to us, or what you do to her. Your fate’s already sealed.” Rey can’t see Hux’s expression anymore, his back turned to her. “Let’s go,” she says, jerking her hands, rattling the cuffs to remind him of his task. “Let’s get it over with — ” “You thought Rey was looking into Unkar’s murder?” says Kyle. His tone is mocking. Aggravating. Everything Rey wishes it wouldn’t be right now. “She had nothing to do with it. Neither did we.” “That’s impossible,” says Hux. “He doesn’t have any other family, there’s nobody who would — ” “Nobody,” says Kyle through his teeth, “except for Ben .” And then, just like that, the gun is in Rey’s face again. “You told him,” says Hux, looking decidedly more dangerous than he did even a moment before. “No,” says Rey, “I — ” “She didn’t have to,” says Kyle. “Ben found out on his own. He knew something else was going on, knew Rey wouldn't just take money like that, and he — ” “No,” says Rey, an entirely new fear blossoming in her chest. “Tell me he didn’t — ” “He told us not to tell you,” says Wren, her voice pleading with Rey, “he told us he was going to take care of everything, but then we were supposed to meet him last week and he never showed.” His press trip to Los Angeles. The one he left early, after that car almost hit her. Shit . Shit. “You’re lying,” says Hux. He can’t seem to decide where to aim the gun now, oscillating it between the twins. “You’re lying — ” “We shouldn’t have come to New York,” says Kyle. “I’m sorry, Rey. It’s just — we hadn’t heard from you or Ben, and we didn’t — ” Hux’s finger is tightening on the trigger. “No,” says Rey, shouting to get Hux’s attention. She can’t see a way out of this, so she lies herself into a corner, lies for all that she is worth: “Don’t cover for me. I told Ben. It was me. I told him, I’ve been working behind Hux’s back this whole time — and I, I remember everything, the last few weeks have all been a — ” This time she doesn’t even hear the sound of the shot over the sound of their screams. Notes: I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHERE THIS IS COMING FROM. This was supposed to be a lighthearted little trope fic but now there are guns and kidnappings and murder trials and wowowowoowowowoww I did not know there was a secret mafia in my soul. Between this and my other fics I feel like Reylo has dragged out all these LITERALLY INSANE parts of my brain I didn't even know existed, so there's that, THANKS, DISNEY. You guys, thank you so much for your encouraging words re: the Twitter harassment last week. I write on the nets for a living so I should probs be used to it by now/not whining to you beautiful strangers, but I sincerely appreciate your kindness. It made the whole thing that much easier to laugh off. Many hearts and much love <3. Chapter 11 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Later, it would occur to Rey that Hux hadn’t actually meant to shoot her. He was far too calculated for that. She supposes that, with the three of them shouting at him from all sides, he had been distracted — just distracted enough to pull the trigger, and hit her square in the left shoulder. The impact of it ricocheted her chair to the floor before she even fully processed what was happening, or that the door had opened; in fact, after her head smacks the concrete floor, she is incapable of processing much of anything at all. Rey isn’t sure how much time has passed when she wakes to the thu-thump of her own heartbeat in her ears, and the acute sense that even though she doesn’t feel pain right now, she is about to in a big way . The words around her a loud, but murky. Someone is crying. A harsh, low voice is barely audible, somewhere just above her. She hears a few words — “call,” and “charged” and “Ben”. At the sound of his name, consciousness seems to slam into Rey like a brick wall — that and so, so much more. It is as if she is living an infinite number of lives at once, as if she is trying to absorb the consciousness of the world — memories crush and rush past, aching in her forehead, burning the back of her eyes, somehow instantaneous and impossibly slow all at the same time. Her head, resting on Finn’s shoulder, blearily looking out at Poe in the driver’s seat on a long night drive. Endless aching, sleepless nights cramped over her laptop, poring over miles and miles of code. The slight stubble on Ben’s face when he stumbles into her in the hallway between their bedrooms in the morning. Wren gnawing on a chipped purple fingernail, Kyle brooding at her side. The hum of Ben’s treadmill in the gym. The way Finn and Poe meet each other’s eye, and Finn smiles a smile that Rey has never seen before. She is on the floor. She is bleeding. She can feel it, warm and sticky, just under her head … The thick, heavy paper of the diploma between her fingers. The pinch of new shoes, the itch of new seams. Staring at Ben out of the corner of her eye in the elevator, her heart lurching, her thoughts straying somewhere further than she is willing to go. Staring up at the ceiling, some unknowable ache in her chest. Kyle’s voice through the phone, tight with fear. The perfect breeze, the flap of a white dress, a smile so practiced that it might fall off its hinges, and then this look in Ben’s eye — this small apology — like maybe it will all be okay, even though she — And her shoulder. Fuck . She has felt pain before, but this is more fresh and more demanding than she is prepared for, too much to handle when already her head is screaming with — Ben’s hand, skimming hers on the kitchen counter and lingering for a beat longer than it should. The comforting click-click-click of his typing in the early hours of the morning, resounding from the kitchen. His massive feet dwarfing hers, their legs propped on the coffee table. The rough warmth of his hand in hers against the oppressive flash of the cameras, the relief of piling into the back of a car, his fingers brushing a lock of hair from her eyes, his face steady on hers and just a little bit too close to — Rey tries to peel her eyes open, tries to gage what the fuck is going on, how long she’s been out — but she’s still swimming, drowning . Ben, pulling his hand away from hers the moment the cameras are out of sight. Not meeting her eye at the breakfast table. Getting up to run in the park early in the morning, without her. “I can’t do this anymore.” No choice, no choice. She is damned if she tells him, damned if she doesn’t. But god, does she love him. Loves everything about him, from his impatient scoffs to his bed head to the way his brow furrows when he stares at his scripts. No. No, no, no. She swallows it down, she endures the agony of it, watches as their friendship fades and he pulls himself away from her, excruciating piece by piece … “She’s dead,” Wren is crying, “oh, god, we killed her.” Papers in Ben’s hand. A solemn look in his eyes. The simultaneous relief and utter terror that he knows now, that he found her out — saw the money getting rerouted, traced it back to Kyle and Wren, rooted through her things and found the contract — it’s wrong of him, so stupid and wrong and he’s wrecking the fragile order of everything she has tried so hard to maintain for the last few years, but god, for one second, one awful, selfish second, it feels so good. Good enough that when he promises her they’ll fix it, she almost believes him. And then they’re driving. Out of the state, away from Hux and Snoke and Unkar Plutt’s ghost. “We’ll figure everything out,” he tells her, and she’s so overwhelmed, so out of her own body, that she tells him. She tells him she loves him, and she has for a long time. He is quiet. For a full minute, maybe, he doesn’t say a word, and then — “I’ve loved you since the day I first met you, Rey. Whether I wanted to or not.” They should stop the car, they should talk about this, but they can’t. They need to get out of here, need to leave the city before anyone figures out what they’re doing, need to get to Kyle and Wren or the police or — It’s raining when the car swerves, and Ben is swearing, yelling about the brakes. Rey’s entire body tenses — she knows there will be an impact before he does — and at the last second, when it is inevitable, he throws his arm out in front of her as if to shield her from the crash, but there is nothing either of them can do. She can’t breathe. It’s too much to process. It’s too much to feel. It’s everything . “You’d better hope she hit her head hard enough to forget this.” It’s the slippery sound of Snoke’s voice that finally puts her in a time and place, finally brings her back to the present. There is no hopelessness more distinct that finally knowing everything she needs to know about her past, and knowing that it doesn’t matter. None of it will save them now. Hux leans down, and suddenly his face is swimming in front of hers, looking almost — afraid? She could close her eyes again and play possum, but she isn’t thinking fast enough for that. “She’s alive,” says Hux. “Good. Then so are you,” says Snoke. “For now. How you managed to make such an intolerable mess of a simple task, I will never — ” “Sir, I had no idea Ben knew about the — ” “Is it not your job to know that?” Snoke cuts him off. Rey’s eyes slide shut, not entirely on purpose. She can’t quite keep them open. Hux thumbs one of her eyelids, jerking it back open to stare at her pupil, and she lurches forward, still stuck to the — No. Not stuck to the chair. When she pitched over, her bindings must have loosened. One of her hands slips out entirely, and the other, if she is careful, might not be far behind. She closes her eyes again, pretending that the effort knocked her out. “She definitely has a concussion.” “And you fucking shot her,” Kyle yells. The effort it takes to wriggle her hand out without moving the rest of her body is astounding. She can feel the attention in the room divert to Kyle, and as nervous as it makes her for his sake, she can’t help but be grateful for the distraction. If she is going to do the upsettingly harebrained thing she is about to do, she needs all the help she can get. When her other hand is freed she can’t quite believe it. But then again, she can’t quite believe anything that is happening to her right now. One breath. Quiet. Steady. Another. She can do this. “I’m sorry, is there a reason for either of them to be alive anymore?” asks Snoke. It’s enough for Rey to stop breathing altogether. Even Hux seems surprised, when he finally answers: “Leverage,” he says. “For the girl.” “The girl is leverage now,” says Snoke. “For Ben.” There’s a pause. “Jesus Christ, are you really going to kill us?” Kyle blurts. “What the fuck? ” “Go on,” says Snoke, almost sounding bored. “Nobody is looking for them anymore. They’re just one more liability now.” “Sir …” Even Hux has a conscience, it seems. But Rey isn’t counting on it to last for long. “Do you need me to do it myself?” “ No! ” Wren screams. Rey hears the click of a safety unlocking, and then if there were any doubt that she had the strength left to do what she is planning, it is gone in an instant. Her head rushes, the room spins, but her focus is somehow primal and exact and unforgiving — she springs to her feet, wrenches the chair up from the ground and over her head, and before anyone can so much as blink, she clocks Hux over the head with it. He crumples instantaneously, the gun falling out of his grasp and skidding across the hard floor. She feels Snoke’s eyes on her, and the second he wastes trying to decide what she is capable of in this state is the second that costs him: she throws herself to the ground, beating him to the gun, curling her fingers around the handle and pointing it before she is even fully on her feet. If she can get on her feet. Oh, fuck. Whatever adrenaline that was coursing through her has apparently spent itself; the scene before her seems to tilt, her shoulder is screaming with pain, and her skull feels like it is beating into her brain like its own merciless drum. Snoke is smiling as she staggers to her feet, even with the gun trained on him. “Enough of this,” he says, the other words unspoken: We both know you won’t shoot me . Rey opens her mouth to answer, and ends up spitting out blood. “Shoot him, Rey,” says Kylo, without missing a beat. “No,” says Wren, “oh, god, just — just have him untie us or something, you don’t have to — ” “Just shoot him, he’s a fucking maniac, Rey. Do it.” She could. She will. For a second she is completely and irrevocably certain, staring into the cold blue of Snoke’s eyes, that she is capable of ending him. She remembers everything now, in its brutal clarity. The blackmail. The blood on his hands. The way he has plucked her like she has puppet strings for every second of her existence in the last few years, but more importantly, the way he has ruined Wren and Kylo’s lives. She feels Kylo’s anger and Wren’s despair as if they are pulsing waves in this room, as if they are a part of her. She is responsible for it. She has to help them. This is the last way she knows how. She isn’t sure what makes her say it: “I’m sorry.” She isn’t. She isn’t sorry. She knows, in her heart, that this man deserves to die. But she is sorry — sorry for herself. Sorry for Kyle and Wren. Sorry that she will live with this murder on her conscience for eternity; sorry that she will never be able to undo the twins’ suffering, even after this is all over, however it ends. Snoke’s eyes seem to shift just slightly. The apology changes things. “Rey,” he says warningly. Her name sounds unholy on his lips. She closes her eyes — no. She has to keep them open. She has to stay on her feet, has to be looking at him in the eye, has to know for certain where her target is. But more than that, she cannot be a coward about taking another man’s life. Her finger tightens on the trigger. It’s now or never. And then — The door slams open. Footsteps are thundering in. Rey does not break eye contact with Snoke, until she hears it — “Police. Drop your weapons.” She doesn’t. She looks over, not quite believing it. It’s too good to be true. “Drop your weapon, now .” There are four of them. With guns. In uniform. And just behind them is Ben. “Rey,” he says, but his voice is already muddled, already so far from her. It is the last thing she hears before the world swallows her, before she sinks into oblivion. “Where have you been?” She bristles. It’s none of his business. “Out,” she says. “I had no idea where you were.” It’s not in her contract to let him know where she is, but she bites her tongue. She’s tired. She doesn’t want to fight with him right now. “Good,” she says. “Plenty of time to catch up with your ex-girlfriend.” “Is that what you think of me?” Her back is turned to him, and she’s grateful for that. Because her answer is both yes and no; it isn’t what she thinks of him, but it is what she has come to expect. After an entire life of preparing for worst case scenarios that only turned out even more terrible than her imagination, she has to assume he is seeing someone behind her back. She has to assume he isn’t as genuine as she sometimes tricks herself into thinking he is. She has to, because it’s the only way to keep herself safe. She should answer. But she is so exhausted from this — exhausted from these months, by their unbearable proximity, by the dull ache in her chest that is punctuated by these rare and awful moments when she thinks she might actually feel something for him, knowing full well he will never feel the same. “Forget it,” he mutters. She turns to face him, her face knit into a scowl — and lets out a little gasp. She didn’t hear him start moving, walking past her to leave the room, and her timing was so awful that she their faces are mere inches from each other’s. The magnetism is dizzying. She finds herself gripping the table behind her, as if she might actually lose her balance. Ben steps away first. “Just — text next time or something,” he says gruffly. “I just want to know you’re … okay.” He’s gone before she can react, but not before she realizes it: the inevitable crash she has been bracing herself for, the headlights that she has seen coming around the bend since the day they met. She is in live with Ben Solo. She has to hold her entire body motionless until he leaves, until she hears his footsteps clear the hallway, until she hears the creak of his bedroom door shut. And then she stands there, releasing the shuddering, reluctant breath she has been holding for far too long. Of every complication she foresaw in this little arrangement of theirs, she could never have predicted this. Her eyes are pricking, the table suddenly seeming to sway, the ground not quite steady beneath her. She lets herself think it, just once, for all its worth: I love him. When she opens her eyes, she can almost pretend that she is capable of letting it go. Notes: I'm so sorry for the delay, you guys. I work in media, and it's just been one massive, month long, depressing melee of getting pulled in on weekends and night shifts and god knows what else, which I'm sure you are all feeling just as hard right now. I really thought we'd get a break from sadness this weekend, but with this Anton Yelchin news today ... shit. I keep thinking I've fucking dreamed it. I have followed his career for seven years now, and written more fan fiction about his characters than I can even account for. He pretty much got me through the end of high school and most of college. He was one of those rare, incredibly raw talents, so amazing that you almost felt bad watching him act because he was so good at it that you forgot it was a character acting. You felt like you were peering in on someone's actual life. What a fucking unfair waste. Blergh, I am sorry. Things are going to get better. I just know that they will. I am sending everyone a hug. Be sad, guys, but don't be sad for too long. Go spread love. Go make art. Go do that thing you've been putting off that you have no real reason to put off. Go make 2016 a year where good things happen, too.