If there is one thing Hux is certain of, it’s that he absolutely abhors Kylo Ren. Their little feud had begun back when they were both in middle school, back when Kylo Ren was still Ben Organa-Solo and when neither of them had any amount of sense at all. Back then, they had The Fight™. Hux doesn't particularly remember the exact details of The Fight™ (he doesn't particularly remember much about middle school, really; it’s all something he’d much rather forget), but he does remember that it was loud and it was messy—well as messy as a pair of seventh graders got—and that it managed to pit the pair against each other for the rest of their lives. Of course, being seventh graders, neither of them had foreseen that. Hux can’t recall exactly how it began, either, but most likely it was simply because Kylo Ren was just so damn infuriating. Completely selfish and without any order or control, he allowed his emotions to get the better of him. This, along with his unsteady and unpredictable temper, lead to tantrums that resembled that of a child rather than a teenager, and Hux despised it—Hux despised absolutely everything about him. In the years since The Fight™, their once little (even, admittedly redundant) conflict had somehow managed to twist itself into a rivalry (not at all assisted by their extremely competitive natures) that had managed to survive with a burning vendetta all up until high school, filled with far-from-subtle glares, harsh insults behind other’s backs, and the occasional shouting match in the corridors. Quite literally everyone was aware of their extreme loathing for each other, always watching out if the pair seemed to come into contact, and as they grew older, the resentment only seemed to grow with them. It all reaches it’s stupid climax in the school’s carpark halfway through senior year, when they’re all alone and Kylo ‘accidentally’ scratches the side of Hux’s brand new Audi with his infuriating motorcycle and refuses to take responsibility for it. Hux isn't asking for much at all—a fucking apology at the least , a cheque at the most—and he remains forgiving all up until the moment when Kylo Ren steps suddenly towards him, just a little too close, their chests left mere centimetres apart, his lip curled in a sneer and he hisses, “Your stupid car is hardly my issue to deal with, gingerbread.” Hux scoffs at the insult ( typical Ren , he thinks), sneering right back at him, “Oh, yes it fucking is , you prepubescent Severus Snape.” Hux smirks, rather proud of himself for that one—the similarities are truly striking—crossing his arms smugly over his chest. And he certainly doesn't regret it… until the exact moment when he does . Kylo throws the first punch, and it hits right home, splitting the edge of Hux’s lip very, very effectively, and fuck , does it hurt. The force of it sends the redhead stumbling back against the side of his car, almost dinting the scratched panel of it’s door. Momentarily stunned, Hux takes a second to familiarise himself with the taste of copper as it seeps out onto his tongue. This is new. Sure, they’ve gotten aggressive before—they’ve thrown countless insults each others’ way and have threatened actual bodily harm—but never have they been especially violent. Well, there’s a first time for everything, Hux thinks, his heart rate beginning to quicken as he welcomes the sudden rush of adrenaline through his limbs. Pushing himself away from his car, Hux straightens pretty damn quickly, wiping away at the blood on the edge of his lip and spitting the rest at Ren’s feet. Spittle marbled with red catches on the marred leather of Kylo’s black boots. Hux almost grins. There’s a fire burning away in his gut, a refusal to allow Kylo Ren to win that’s always seemed to have been there, and despite the fact that Hux considerably smaller—he’s at least two inches shorter than Kylo, and is a twig compared to the impenetrable muscle of his body—and is extremely unprepared for a fight like this, he is hardly deterred. After all, he doesn't fear Kylo Ren. There’s nothing about him to be fearful of , for Gods’ sake. Hux curls his hand into a tight fist, reeling back and pushing all his power forward—all the accumulated hate he has towards Kylo Ren that’s been bubbling up inside him all these years—to throw a punch of his own. It hits Kylo square in the jaw, the brutal crack of knuckle against bone echoing throughout the carpark as Hux’s fist connects with the side of his face. Pain is fast to shoot up his arm, the limb pulsing and throbbing. Hux thinks he’s done it wrong, but it matters not, paying off when he sees Kylo sprawling back against the asphalt, grazing the pants of his uniform and staining them in the mud, obviously not expecting that much vigour from someone as lanky and lithe as Hux. Smirking, Hux holds Kylo’s gaze, supplying him a sharp look, and he hardly even gives him a chance to regain his composure when Hux lunges suddenly forward, landing another blow, this time to Ren’s solar plexus, leaving him breathless and groaning on the ground. Hux is no gentleman, after all, or else he wouldn't be playing this kind of game. A few strands of once immaculate hair falls into the fringe of his face, and Hux pushes them back with bloodied and split knuckles. Hux ignores the red, forgetting about every last bit of his pain as it pulses and pierces as he wanders around Kylo, only a few feet from his reach. Ren growls up at him, glaring at Hux from where he is on the ground, eyes bloodthirsty and furious, swimming with a flame that Hux should probably be scared of. He isn't. If anything, it only fuels him, fuels the smugness he knows Ren hates and the adrenaline that races through his body. Beads of sweat catch on Hux’s forehead, cold and hot all at the same time, his muscles tense with anticipation, and he attempts to brace himself for another attack. But Kylo is quick—quicker than he could have ever anticipated, abruptly shooting up and thrusting a fist to Hux’s abdomen. He almost cries out when it lands, bites down on his already ruined lip instead, his body pulsing and screaming in agony, and Hux knows Kylo’s done some damage when blood rises up his throat. Spitting out the mouthful, Hux grits his teeth, baring them like an animal, ruthless. He reaches out for Ren, grasping the edges of his uniform between his fingers and tugging it forward until the fabric tears with a sharp noise. With an almost desperately ferocious attempt to kick his feet out from underneath him, Hux endeavours to obtain the advantage. He needs to win . Ren replies by punching Hux in the side once, making his ribs quake, then twice, but Hux’s attempt works, shockingly, and he follows Kylo Ren down to the ground, getting absolutely filthy in the dirt as he straddles Ren’s hips, and launches a fist to his cheek. Kylo lands a few good ones in, too; rips Hux’s dress shirt, almost breaks a couple of his ribs, makes him bleed . It’s when Hux grasps the collar of Ren’s blazer, pulls his bleeding, bruising face up to his own, barely inches apart with nothing but heavy, hulking breaths that hiss between their bloodied teeth that the school bell rings, and they both freeze. + There is a reason as to why Hux has never ever actually been inside the principal’s office (it’s not a habit of his to tarnish his perfect record), and being surrounded by it’s four walls for the first time, he grimaces. It’s exactly what he had anticipated. The room looks like it’s been dead inside for years, the wallpaper mildly faded in patches and the furniture extremely outdated. Hux feels a little sorry for it, actually, but he has larger things on his mind than a mere room, because now he’s saddled with the responsibility to explain to Principal Organa why he walked into first period with his uniform torn and bruises laden upon his skin—and why her son miraculously did the exact same thing—all without getting a single scratch on his record and all before second period starts. (Hux has AP History second period. A large number of terrible things would be preferable to missing AP History.) He begins conjuring up ideas pretty damn quickly. Sitting in one of two chairs in front of a large walnut desk, Hux is stiff with vexation as he stares down their principal, who reclines behind it with a mix between irritation and exhaustion upon her face. Kylo Ren sits beside him, appearing more sullen than Hux has ever seen him in his life. He expects it’s because of his mother. Hux reminds himself to ask her for some tips sometime. “Well,” Principal Organa begins, and Hux withstands the temptation to groan and roll his eyes. Here we go. “Do you two want to explain this to me?” She fans her hands out, gesturing their decimated uniforms and busted faces. Hux resists a smirk, side-eying Ren; he gave just as good as he got. Ren himself remains slumped, slouching in his seat, pouting with his arms crossed over his chest like a five year old. He glares sharply at Organa when her gaze slides across the room to meet his. She looks back at him, impassive and stony, her eyes flickering to Hux only once, and only for a second. She looks much, much more powerful sitting behind that desk than she does standing by it. Her height may be one of her largest disadvantages in this job, Hux thinks, but her character and display more than make up for that fact. A beat of silence floats across the air before her voice shatters the peace. “You are both aware we have a no violence policy here, aren't you?” Organa sounds tired, exhausted with the prospect of disciplining them both, but Hux supposes if he were legally responsible for the literal human mess™ that was Kylo Ren, he’d be a more than a little exhausted, too. She waits patiently for an answer she doesn't receive. Aside from the fact that the question is completely rhetorical anyway, Ren looks as if he’s too sulky (and far to superior) to care about any of this right now; Hux simply cannot be bothered waisting the time not the effort it requires to be a smart ass. “One of you is going to have to speak up soon, because there were no witnesses of the event, no one to verify and confirm just what occurred.” the woman begins, professionalism taking over every part of her as she straightens up and her voice clears, loudening. Organa glances between the pair with sharp eyes. “None of us even know what happened. Only you two do. You both look like you’ve been ravaged by animals. For all we know, that’s exactly what happened. I am going to need answers from at least one of you, or you’ll both receive the repercussions. This could potentially go on record, and could possibly influence the possibility of acquiring certain scholarships.” Hux stiffens, his mind short-circuiting. Hands clasped over his lap, his nails dig sharp marks into his already bloodied knuckles. Underneath his ribcage, his heartbeat quickens considerably. His record is damn near perfect, has been for years (ever since The Fight™), and for the few final months of senior year (and, if possible, the rest of his life), Hux is determined to keep it that way. From the corner of his eye, Hux notices that beside him, Kylo Ren stiffens, too. He’s more obvious about his surprise and distress, though, lurching forward in his seat, and hissing, “ What? ” Hux grows sour at his lack of the most blatant control whilst Organa continues, not looking at either of them—not needing too—because she knows she’s hit a mark. These are dirty tactics, but Hux has to hand it to her. Her eyes seem to soften, “Yet, these measures will only be taken if the event was in violation of school rules.” Hux’s breath flows into his lungs a little easier, the tightness evaporating, and Organa notices slyly. The moment doesn't last when he realises that participating—and sort of lowkey instigating—a brawl is really, really against school rules. His eyes shifting from Organa to her son, Hux gauges whether or not he’s going to spill. But, like Hux, it seems Ren has some investment in keeping their little squabble (which really isn't that little, if the large, purple bruises, multiple marks, and torn up uniforms have anything to say on the issue—and God, his parents are going to fucking murder him when he gets home tonight) top secret, too. Hux needs to think of something—and fast, because Principal Organa is staring at him, steely gaze impenetrable and basically asking Hux if he is really, really ready to screw around with her. Hux isn’t, and he doesn't at all trust Kylo fucking Ren to come up with anything else that could possibly save their asses. It takes a few moments while they linger in another, tenser, silence for it to come to him, filled with the hawk-like gaze of Organa, and maybe it’s one of his worst ideas, but maybe it’s one of his best . Hux wracks through his mind, sifting through ideas and attempting with a desperate speed to pick out all the final the flaws in his plan, but fuck, it’s now or never. Ren is probably going to murder him and Hux will probably do it himself but anything is better than the truth right now. “We—” Hux begins, loathing how his voice jerks from his throat with a stutter. He composes himself with an inhale of air. “We weren’t breaking school rules, Principal Organa. All of marks—the bruises and the blood and the… tears in our uniforms… they’re not due to a violent altercation, but rather—” Kylo is staring at him now, so is Organa; Hux can feel it, the perplexity in their eyes, but he attempts to ignore it best he can, swallowing the acid that’s rising in his mouth like bile to continue. If all this fucks up, Hux thinks, if this plan of his falls flat, he is well and trust ready to accept death as it comes. “There’s no other way to say this, Principal Organa, and I do apologise, but we were… having sex, not brawling like children.” Ren is the first to react, expectedly, the second the word falls from Hux’s lips. He stiffens in his chair, hands tensing around the armrests with such a force Hux expects to see the seams split then and there. Head snapping in Hux’s direction, his lips contort in a terrible mix of a grimace and a small, disbelieving smile that is as deadly as a snake and as false as Donald Trump’s hair—something Hux would even be terrified of under different circumstances. “Wait, what? ” he chokes out, sputtering the words like an illiterate child, and to Hux it sounds entirely incredulous. Hux twists to lock gazes with Kylo, and he smiles, “Oh, darling , please. It’s okay. Your mother is well within her rights to know who her son is dating.” His (successful) attempt not to sneer at the idiot is a truly admirable feat. Perhaps his most admirable of the day so far. Organa’s eyes widen considerably as she watches them, looking equal parts shocked and suspicious. Something flashes across her face before she reels back a little, back going taut as she truly takes in the words and what they mean, as if her whole life were suddenly falling to pieces before her eyes. Hux hardly even feels guilty, rather proud of himself instead; she’s actually contemplating it’s legitimacy? His mind races impossibly fast, wondering if he’s simply that good a liar or if Organa is only awfully gullible. But even Hux knows her well enough to sense that Leia Organa is the least gullible person in the universe. “ Ben! ” she says brusquely, voice snapping across the air as sharp as a whip, clear even as she holds her head in her hands. “Language.” “It’s Kylo , mother,” he snaps right back, spitting the name out savagely before looking back at Hux with malice bubbling away in his dark eyes, hands no less strained upon the chair. He looks almost as if he is ready to fucking throttle the Hux then and there—just as he expected, really. (Then again, that malice could also be directed at his mother, but the idea of Kylo Ren ever, even mildly, forgetting his anger due to Hux’s presence is a laughable and entirely preposterous one.) Hux replies by throwing Ren a sharp look with furrowed brows while his mother isn't looking, still in the midst of her near existential crisis, and after a moment his face softens unexpectedly, then contorts with understanding. Hux’s lungs almost collapse in relief then and there. Oh, thank Christ —he’s smarter than he acts. Kylo’s hands twitch a little, his indignation subsiding, and they slink down slowly to his lap as he and Hux share a gaze. He shifts it after a few moments, eyes seeming to follow his hands where they then lie, appearing uncomfortable with holding Hux’s eyes—which is new… and rather odd. This entire situation is rather odd, really, but Ren’s sudden pliancy and softness the oddest of all. Hux is expecting a storm, and Kylo is nothing but calm waves. Organa’s head snaps upwards in a fast movement, catching Hux’s attention, doubt scrawled across the lines on her face. “What about the injuries? What about your uniforms? Surely.” Hux’s lips tug with a grin that he forces away as he gets another idea—one that could quite possibly see his life span shortened by a considerable amount. He’s willing to take his chances. “Oh, I can promise you, Principal Organa, your son enjoys that part very much.” Hux assures, glancing to Ren as he finishes, and nothing can stop the grin now as Kylo leans forward and groans into his own hands. It does nothing to conceal the blush, though, bright and colourful, painted across his cheeks and spilling from between his fingers. Organa blanches, her face a deathly shade of ivory, and Hux hasn't seen her look so uncomfortable in his whole life. She says nothing at all. Her gaze flickers to her son, who shifts anxiously in his seat. “Is this true?” she asks a moment or so later, the question directed to Kylo, and her tone much, much quieter than before—less certain and assured. Kylo inhales audibly, but it’s calm. “Yes, mother,” he answers, and it’s soft—softer than anything else Hux knows Kylo Ren to have done—muffled by the way his head is titled down to avoid his mother’s gaze, keeping his eyes fixed to his hands, “it’s true.” This is the first time in seen that Hux has seen Ren well and truly embarrassed, and he cherishes the moment—it’s likely he’ll never see it again, but he wants to, God, he wants to , for a countless amount of reasons—and a mix of pride and relief washes over him. Hux pulls himself from his trance-like state, and presses further on with his plan. “Your son and I have been dating for some time, actually.” He senses Kylo’s gaze on him, turns his head to meet it. Ren’s stare is startlingly gentle, soft and disarming, sending a shiver tangling up Hux’s spine that he’s less than okay with, unnerving him like nothing else before. “A few weeks now, it’s been. We kept it under tight wraps, though, because Ren wasn’t quite comfortable with telling you just yet. He was wary of how you’d react. And we do apologise about the circumstances in which you’re finding out about it, truly. We’re tremendously sorry.” Organa shakes her head, looking very deeply at her son, as if she’s apologetic for something. “No, no, it’s… fine. I… understand.” Her professionalism is back in seconds, flying up like a shield, impenetrable. “While you weren’t exactly in any violation of school rules—” and they're cutting that awfully thin, too, Hux knows, because while ‘no sex on school grounds’ isn't an explicit rule, it certainly is explicitly frowned upon, “—I’m going to have to request that you do not do it again. You both may be of consenting and legal age, but it is is extremely inappropriate. School is a place to learn, and you both only have a few months left of it, anyway. So, please, spend it on your studies.” Ren is back to staring intently at the ground. Hux throws his gaze down to his knotted fingers, too, playing his part. He’s never been an especially good actor, but it succeeds. “Now, let us never have this conversation ever again, and you may both go back to class,” Organa says, smiling tightly at them both, but it fails to reach her eyes. Kylo is already at the door and twisting at the handle as soon as the words fall from her lips, acting as if he were trapped inside a prison rather than an office. He leaves the room so fast Hux hardly catches him as he disappears from sight. Not that he’s watching him go, of course. Rising slowly from his seat, Hux remains serene and unflustered. “Goodbye, Mrs. Organa,” he says, smiling a wide, gallant smile at her. It, too, fails to reach his eyes. Striding across the room, Hux exist it, shutting the door gently behind him, and, out of the fryer finally, he allows himself to exhale a heavy breath in the hallway, relief washing over him in a settling wave. Fuck , he thinks, mind racing. It worked. It actually fucking worked. Hux’s knees almost crumble underneath him, the adrenaline is pumping that hard. His pride and satisfaction is cut tragically short, though, when Hux notices Kylo Ren push himself carelessly off the wall he was leaning against, and he strides over to Hux, stepping close towards him—too close. (Hux can see the freckles and sunspots and dark little moles that are scattered across Ren’s pale cheeks with blatant ease, and the knowledge of them, of just how soft they appear to be, is somewhat dangerous and rather disconcerting.) (Sirens blare loud and furious in Hux’s ears; this is the beginning—of what exactly, it doesn't really matter, all that does matter is that it’s all going to go downhill from here, he just knows .) So Hux shoves his hands deep within his pockets, pushing away the conflicting feelings inside his stomach they rise and play, rolling his eyes and resisting the urge to tell Ren just how unimpressive he is; one fight has more than exhausted his desire to assault Kylo Ren for the day. “Hux,” Kylo begins, and he seems to have either completely unnoticed Hux’s discomfort, or is in fact quite well aware of it and is simply doing this for his own personal entertainment. “You didn’t have to do that for me.” Hux suppresses a grimace, brushing off his unnerving display of pliancy by scoffing sharply and spinning on his heels. “I didn't do it for you.” + It’s late on Wednesday night and he's almost halfway through his AP History homework when Hux gets a text from an unknown number. He’s still nursing a rather badly split lip and a black eye, multiple cuts and bruises underneath his clothes, and doesn't think they'll be even faded before the week is over. unknown | received 9:04pm hey its kylo. look my mom has asked me to invite you to dinner bc of the whole dating thing so if you're free on friday night you should rlly come Hux stares at the screen for longer than he probably should (adding an exasperating lack of grammar to the already long list of why he absolutely loathes Kylo Ren), his eyes blowing wide in complete and utter disbelief. Cursing to himself under his breath, Hux’s breath speeds up. Fuck . Panic rises up his throat like bile, and instead of addressing the larger problem at hand, he addresses the other one. hux | sent 9:10pm how in hell did you get my number? unknown | received 9:11pm asked phasma for it Fucking Phasma, Hux thinks, feeling utterly betrayed by who he once thought was his best friend and narrowing his eyes to glare sharply at his mobile for a few moments before scooping it up, adding Kylo’s number to his contact list, and replying. He reminds himself to fucking drag her later, after he’s done dealing with this literal human mess™. hux | sent 9:14pm so what does your mother want exactly? prepubescent severus snape | received 9:16 she wants to meet you. properly. over dinner. on friday night. prepubescent severus snape | received 9:16 as an “apology for this whole mess” Oh, fuck, Hux thinks, resigning himself to a sigh and draping himself over his desk because what a fucking soap opera this has all become. He lifts rests his elbows on his desk and holds his head in his hands, exhaling uselessly and groaning into his palms. God, he never intended for any of this to go this far. This was all just a stupid little plan to keep his record clean. It was certainly not anything that could possibly assist him in getting any closer with Kylo Ren, that much was sure. Hux had intended it to be easily dismissed, redundant, and here it is like a revenant, condescending in a way that makes him glower at his mobile. hux | sent 9:20pm you can’t just say we broke up or something?? prepubescent severus snape | received 9:22pm and you really think she’ll believe that Annoyingly, Hux can’t deny the truth to Kylo’s statement, despite how sarcastic it is. And, even more annoyingly, Hux realises that Kylo Ren can actually be a little bit intelligent when he wants to be. It’s true; Organa wouldn't believe it all for a second—Hux feels that they've only just scraped by on the their last lie, and if that one were to be absolutely shattered, it would mean his whole plan would become completely expendable—only getting them both into further trouble, because Hux is at least 99.95% sure that lying to the principal is against school rules. prepubescent severus snape | received 9:23pm look, this was your fucking idea, so you better come up with a plan to get us unfucked right now, or you come to dinner at my house on friday night at 6pm and you meet my mother and my father and rey and uncle chewie and you act like you enjoy it Hux scowls to himself, contemplating tossing his phone across his room. But he sucks it up, pushing away all this stupid pettiness. hux | sent 9:26pm fine Okay, well, not completely. Hux is still within his rights to act like a five-year-old—especially if it’s Kylo Ren on the receiving end of his childishness. He promptly ignores his phone after that, tossing it onto his bed and himself back into his homework, and Hux absolutely abhors the realisation when he comes upon it that he just had the most civil conversation with Kylo fucking Ren he’s ever had in his entire life. He almost feels sick at the idea, stomach ready to lurch. If this is a sign their little petty feud is coming to an end, then Hux wants absolutely no part in what could possibly come because he’s rather content with his life as it currently is. Sure, the concept of Kylo Ren becoming less of a thorn in his ass is a nice one, less stressful, but the idea of them becoming anything but eternal enemies is a far more worrying prospect. Hux is ready to reach for his pen, and then he lurches for his bed, remembering. hux | sent 9:40pm shouldn't we practice or something? hux | sent 9:40pm before friday so it looks less suspicious? prepubescent severus snape | received 9:40pm what the fuck would we be practicing for? hux | sent 9:41pm we’re going to need a backstory, ren hux | sent 9:41pm at the least hux | sent 9:42pm if we’re going to do this, we’re going to do it right. Hux can almost imagine Kylo sitting in his own room, in his own house, looking at the text and scoffing at Hux’s need for perfection and order. He doesn't like it. prepubescent severus snape | received 9:45pm you know hux, if you wanted to hang out with me tomorrow you could have just asked Hux rolls his eyes, placing his phone beside him on his desk. Determined to finish his homework, he tosses himself back into the history of Germany before the events of World War Two—which isn't difficult at all—and it’s enough to shift Kylo Ren from of the back of Hux’s mind for the next hour. + Kylo Ren doesn't stay out of Hux’s thoughts for any excessive amount of time, though, irritatingly enough. Hux puts that to the partially unfinished conversation they had earlier, to the way he allowed Kylo Ren to so easily get the last word in. In a constant state of competitiveness, Hux refuses to sanction that again, questioning how he even allowed it the first time (he’s not growing soft on Kylo Ren is he?), and after he finishes his homework, changes into his pyjamas and slips into his bed, he finds himself typing a reply even after more than an hour without one. He’s pretty sure there’s some socially constructed rule he's breaking here, too. hux | sent 10:56pm i’ll meet you at starbucks at four prepubescent severus snape | received 10:58pm fine Hux scowls at his phone, hand twitching with the urge to throw it. (He imagines Kylo Ren rolling his eyes, sneer on his face.) hux | sent 10:58 fine hux | sent 11:04 you’ve still got to apologise for my car, too prepubescent severus snape | received 11:06 go to sleep, hux Hux stares at his phone for a few more minutes, unable to think of something snarky and smart to reply with, and in his indignant fury, inadvertently, he does, and he swears to himself that it’s not at all because of Kylo Ren.