Prologue Aleta Caldoran, a Resistance spy, escaped the custody of the First Order after undermining Master Snoke in an attempt to kidnap Kylo Ren. In an attempt to mitigate the punishment of failure, General Hux deployed a TIE fighter craft to pursue her. When he caught up with her in hyperdrive, they exchanged fire and shot each other right out of the black. Now they were here- on a godforsaken, volatile, rogue planet without a star to give it light. It was eternally night, but the light given off by the bioluminescent plants and the molten red gashes carved into the bare rocky mountain they’d crash-landed on provided the planet with a small amount of it. The gashes offered grim views of the planet’s churning mantle that seemed to go on for miles and miles promising an unpleasant death to anyone who wasn’t watching where they stepped. It smelled like sulfur, and the air was so hot that it dried his mouth every time he breathed, making his tongue heavy like sandpaper. The stench itself was enough to make him feel like retching. A chasm opened in front of him, and he stopped short before he could fall into it and, with disdain, skirted around it to avoid risking the plummet. Caldoran obviously didn’t care. She jumped. Caldoran was a head shorter than himself, but she was obviously accustomed to exercise. She almost seemed to float over the planet’s rough terrain as if it were as normal as walking. “Are you alright?” She asked, slowing and looking over her shoulder at him. He’d paused to catch his breath behind her, doubled over as nausea and anger churned in his stomach. Doubling back, the woman stood there for a moment in front of him- unsure of what to do. A moment later, a hand was rubbing circles on his back- like his mother had once done for him. They'd tried to kill each other at first, but when the pelt traders from a planet named Nemesus agreed to give them safe passage off-world, they'd come to the realization that they might both die here... without anyone to remember them if they didn't look out for each other. Swallowing down the bile crawling up his throat, he glared at her balefully. “Had you not tried to escape, I wouldn’t have had to go after you, and both of us wouldn’t even be here.” Hux hissed. “Perhaps you’re right,” Aleta Caldoran said lightly. “But if we don’t make it to the extraction point on time, we will never get off-planet. We need to keep our heads and focus on the now.” He guffawed, and she stopped rubbing his back. It was almost too dim to see her expression. “How’s this for staying in the now? I’m tired and I’m dirty, and this place reeks .” General Hux growled, rising to his full height to stab a finger at her chest. “It’s your fault we’re on this wretched rock!” He said menacingly, teeth glinting red in the light of the molten vent not five feet away. Aleta put her hands on her hips scowling up at him, “had you not shot me, I wouldn’t have fired back, and we wouldn’t be here! It’s called self-defense, Hux .” He went very pale with anger at being addressed so rudely by someone lower than him. “How dare you address me like that-” “If you want respect, you have to earn it. It’s not like your rank matters here, anyway.” Aleta returned stiffly, looking into the red head’s angry green eyes. “I don’t have to earn anything from you.” “Expect more of the same treatment, then!” They stared at each other with their jaws set, and eyes narrowed in disgust. Suddenly, a loud rumbling from a little far off broke the seething silence, and the ground began to shake. “Earthquake!” Aleta cried, her countenance dissolving into a mild panic as she grabbed his jacket to keep herself upright, “we have to go!” “This damn planet!” Hux shouted, grabbing the crook of her elbow, and they hauled ass towards the dim blue woods. The small fissures they’d once been able to jump over began emitting jets of superheated steam that howled in the chill wind all around them. They had nearly reached their destination when a plume of steam soared skyward with a scream in front of them- effectively cutting off their beeline to the forest. “It’s a great place for a honeymoon, don’t you think?” She shouted sarcastically, as they held on to each other to stop their forward momentum from carrying them straight into the chasm. “In the name of- now is not the time for humor! ” Yelled Hux in exasperation as the ground shook underneath them. “Quick!” Caldoran cried, urging him to skirt around the active geyser. They hadn’t touched soil in a full day and a half, so when they finally barreled into the woods, and after the tremors had subsided (leaving in their wake only the sounds of the planet’s rattled indigenous birds), Aleta found a tree and slumped under it exhausted. The wood was lush, and dimmer than the lighting on the rock face, but it was more consistent. Any light was good at this point. Both unwilling travelers were on full alert- privy to every rustle of leaves, flutter of wings, and passing shadow. “Perhaps we should rest,” Hux said, taking a hint. Anyway, he was too worn to resume their argument. Master Snoke would probably have agreed with Caldoran’s analysis of the situation, Hux thought. Fate had brought them here, so they had to do what they could to survive. “We can’t for too long,” she said. “We only have five more hours before the rendezvous and another seven miles left to go.” “If we pass out from fatigue or walk too slowly, we’ll never make it in time.” Hux reminded her. “I am a General, you know. I’m supposed to be good at determining when one of my own is unfit to continue on-” “One of your own?” “I don’t need you of all people policing me in semantics,” he told her blackly. “I get it,” said Caldoran, too wary to argue. All this time, they hadn’t slept and the fatigue was wearing on her. Stiff and heavy from physical exertion she took off her satchel as General Hux unstopped the canister in his own bag and took a long drink. Scouring around in her bag for a couple of meal bars, she handed one to the red-head, and tore into one herself. Something cool tapped against her sweaty forehead before she could tuck in, and she looked up to find Hux crouched in front of her with his canteen pressed to her face. “You ran out a few hours ago, didn’t you?” Caldoran eyed the canteen hungrily, “what about you? You’ll need it-” Hux scowled, “drink. You’re dehydrated.” Sighing, she nodded, taking the canister from him and took a modest drink. Thank the Stars! Life was breathed back into her withering internal organs again. “Thank you,” she said handing it back to him after a beat of silence. “Your distress signal was destroyed in the descent, wasn’t it?” General Hux said nothing as he returned his water to his bag, sitting down in front of her and ripped open the paper casing of the meal bar with his teeth. “You’re probably down as MIA. Why not just abandon ship?” She asked him, chewing on her meal bar. “Start a peaceful life for yourself somewhere.” He chuckled dryly, “would you do that?” “No,” she responded glumly. “I studied for many years at the Academy, worked my way up- I can’t just throw it away. It’s my life, my family’s legacy. I could never live a peaceful life when chaos continues to rip the galaxy asunder.” Pausing, he studied his companion’s face for any display of emotion. She seemed sad, but said nothing. “Anyway, Master Snoke is strong in the Force. He knows I’m alive. Even if I wanted to do something so cowardly as to defect, he would know.” That got a reaction. Horror colored her face, “that’s terrifying." “Jedi have that ability, too- since you side with them.” “I was making a blanket statement,” she scoffed, earning her a wry grin from Hux. “I looked at your file before you escaped; your parents were on the Senate, weren’t they?” “What does that have to do with anything?” “What’s a high-society blue-blood doing swapping flight plans with Resistance scum?” “Hey!” She said, cramming the rest of the meal bar into her mouth, jabbing a finger at his chest. “Firstly, don’t insult my friends in front of me.” She said chewing while she spoke. “Secondly,” Caldoran swallowed, slumping back against the tree, feeling her heart grow heavy in her chest. “It’s personal.” “Your mother and father were the New Republic's chief diplomats of intergalactic affairs. They pushed hard for you to become a senior battle strategist in the New Republic Army. Why did you trade that life to join the Resistance?” “I fell in love,” she replied wistfully. General Hux’s face soured, but before he could respond, she continued. “I fell in love with the idea that I could make a difference. That I could push back the shadow of the First Order- where ever I could find it- and restore freedom. Not just in the Hosnian System. I wanted to fight in my own way, and I didn’t want to be paraded around by my parents for everyone to see.” She shook her head. “We fought when I decided to leave and we were never quite the same afterwards. A few days before you guys...” she paused, raking her fingers through her hair and swallowed, to regain her countenance. “Destroyed everything, my mother sent a holocom to me for the first time in a year. She and father had agreed to speak with Leia’s emissary, and they’d planned on aiding the Resistance. She seemed so excited despite the dissent in the Senate, and she said she’d return coms once they’d finished negotiations... but thanks to you- she never had the chance.” General Hux stared at the girl with his lips pursed in a hard line. “I never got to say all of the things I had to say to them,” she said shakily, the tears welling up in her eyes. “But none of that matters now because I failed .” She shuddered, glaring at him, “I didn't even get to say good-bye.” Her anger dissolved into sadness and she sobbed into her hands. He recoiled at her turbulent shift of emotions. Where Hux did pity her- he had been under orders. He didn’t regret what he’d done. Her parents had simply been among the casualties of war; it was unfortunate. The General didn’t have siblings, and he’d never been good at comforting crying women, but he decided to try anyway. Perhaps he felt obligated to do this... because she seemed so vulnerable? He thought, trying to give credence to his desire to comfort her. It was possible, but nothing could have explained why he had the ridiculous urge to hold her. He fought it back, absolutely sure that the Hosnian woman didn’t want comfort from the man that had murdered her parents and destroyed her homeworld. “Nothing I could say will make things any better,” Hux began carefully. “So don’t say anything,” she managed, her voice thick with unshed tears. “What did you expect me to do? Apologize?” He asked. “Could your apology bring back my parents? Could it bring back the billions of lives you ended?” “No,” replied Hux. "So why tell me any of this?" “I don't know,” she said, looking up at him blearily. “Maybe I wanted to force you to show some remorse because right now, I don't even think you're human.” He finished his meal bar and sighed. This discussion was getting them nowhere, and in their current states, they only seemed capable of hurting each other. Perhaps the fatigue they both felt had little to do with it. “I’m tired,” she wiped her tearstained face with her forearm. Hux nodded once and got to his feet, dusting the crumbs off of his great coat. “I’ll take the first watch.” “What about you?” “Concern yourself with your own needs. Rest." Hux insisted, "I’ll wake you up in thirty minutes.” She watched him walk away for a moment and passed a sobering hand over her face. What was she doing here? After her first attempt to kill Hux a day ago, he’d taken her gun and knocked her out cold. Without her gun, there was no way she could try to kill him again, and at this point, they needed each other. The trader had warned them that this place was dangerous, and that they would have a better chance at survival if they stuck together. Aleta Caldoran wasn't quite ready to die yet. Sighing, she curled into a fetal position, rested her head on her satchel, and fell into a deep amnesic sleep. What seemed like almost seconds later, she was woken by the feeling of warm breathing on her cheek. At first, disoriented, she thought she was home on Hosnian Prime and that it was her sister's pet lizard. When she opened her eyes, two large green ones stared back at her. The creature was strange under the blue light. It was sleek and blue-black with a narrow muzzle and two triangular ears that laid back against its head. She held her breath, too afraid to scream. The alien creature was close enough to tear her throat out if it wished. Moments ticked by, and the creature still regarded her with an almost humanoid sensibility sniffing at her with a nose that seemed to blend in with the rest of its shadowy face. It made a strange rumbling sound in it's throat before dashing off nimbly between the trees with a long glossy tail dancing behind it. She watched the creature until it disappeared out of sight. Sleep's magnetic pull tugged at her again even though she knew she should be alert. A strange reassuring comfort that came from some subliminal place convinced her that she was in no danger, and it was enough. Her eyes closed once more. “Your turn,” a quiet, measured voice said after a much longer time. Her brain was a little muddled, but she felt far more well-rested than she'd been before. Aleta's mind recalled the strange creature that she'd seen... should she tell Hux about it? Shaking her head, she rose to her feet. She hardly remembered what had happened- other than the fact that this world knew they were there. The General occupied the place she’d been only seconds before and let out a sigh that made him seem a little more human. “How was it?” Asked Aleta, holding out her hand to him for a weapon. “Quiet.” He handed her the gun he’d confiscated from her when they first landed. “If you see something, shoot it. Don’t get any funny ideas, either.” She didn't think she'd be shooting anything after the encounter she had with that wild animal- unless she had to protect herself... or Hux. “I owe you a debt for looking out for me,” she shrugged. “Anyway, I want you awake when I kill you.” It was a half-jest. Smirking, Hux rolled his shoulders back. “At least you aren’t a petty coward.” “No, I’m a pretty coward.” The girl corrected him, making an overdramatized show of fluttering her eyelashes and fluffing her hair. Hux wanted to scream, but he settled on rolling his eyes instead. Though she was visibly disappointed that he hadn’t laughed at her awful joke, she went on, her cheeks pink with embarrassment, “in all seriousness, try to sleep.” He leaned his head back against the tree, his eyes unwavering from hers, “as long as you try not to die.” She nodded and turned on her heel before he could catch her turning the same shade of red as the sunsets on Coruscant, but he saw anyway. Dreams did not frequent Hux often, and when they did, he usually dismissed them as fragments of memories mixed with delusions. This one, though fleeting, involved Aleta in a way so highly deviant that he woke in a panic, uncomfortably warm, drenched in sweat, and with a most unwelcome other development not suited for discussion in proper company. Shaking his head was not enough to rid himself of the dream’s remnants, so he splashed a little of the water from his canteen on his face and neck, and stripped off his great coat and unfastened the belt around his waist so that he could remove his black tunic. Air. He needed air. Around that time, Aleta returned with the gun hooked to her belt, and did not hide her shock upon seeing him with far less of his uniform on; the General felt exposed in more ways than one. “You alright?” started the girl, genuine concern on her face, stopping a few paces away from him. With a shake of his head, he rose to his feet and folded and packed the rest of his uniform into his bag. “I’m starting to lose my mind,” he said, the truth coming out far too easily. Shouldering is bag, he swept past her. To be honest, Hux didn’t entirely trust himself around her. What an embarrassment , he thought morosely. She caught up with him, a little breathless until they were side by side. “Do you want to talk?” The woman asked, peering sideways up at him. “No,” he said stiffly. “Are you mad?” “Not particularly, but if you keep asking questions, I might be annoyed.” “So, you’re shaken up about something that you don’t feel like discussing with me,” she deduced. “Now I’m annoyed,” said Hux, petulantly. “Cool it General Hot-Head, I’m just trying to help. You know my story and all its gory little details, so what’s yours?” His sigh was impatient, “I’m not discussing anything personal with you.” Her eyebrows knitted together making her look even more worried than she was before- if that were at all possible, and nodded, “sorry for prying.” They walked quickly in an awkward silence broken only by the sounds of their footfalls on the damp ground and the occasional howl of one of the shadowy creatures of this world. His companion shivered, pulling her shoulders in to make herself appear smaller. Was she afraid? Whenever it seemed like Caldoran was going to say something- perhaps another bad joke- to break the icy discomfort they both felt, she closed her mouth and looked down at her worn combat boots. He’d never admit it aloud, but he hoped that she would go ahead and say something. Anything. Another hour passed, and the silence became watchful and more alert. The circadian rhythm of this place was as mysterious as it was dark. Soon, the landscape changed, and pulsing blue light of the woods gave way to the sky. Stars glittered around them like jewels stuck in a black tapestry. Caldoran rummaged through her bag and took out a flashlight which she dimmed slightly so that they would not call too much attention to themselves. They’d planned to only use the flashlight when absolutely necessary because not only was there only one, but the batteries were nearly dead, too. “How much further?” She asked him, finally breaking the silence. “Almost five miles,” he answered. “Are you tired?” “No,” she said easily. “You?” “No.” They walked again in silence for another hour or so approaching a mountain range. They were getting close. The captain of the freighter that had locked on to their distress call had told them that their meeting point would be near the summit of a mountain where they could easily land a craft without disrupting the locals. Apparently, the traders were familiar with the land because they poached pelts from the wild cats that lived here. Hux could tell that Caldoran certainly didn’t agree with their trade, but they did say that they would allow them passage as they needed to return for a piece of forgotten equipment anyway. Humanoid error had saved them. How... ironic. “Hux?” Caldoran said after a long while. “Hm?” “Are you going to bring me back to the Order?” He looked at her for a beat before returning his eyes to the line of light her flashlight gave off as they began their ascent into the mountain pass, “yes. I don’t have a choice.” Another pause, “will I be killed?” “It’s up to Kylo Ren,” he said. “He handles punishments.” “Do you want him to kill me?” She sounded sad. Of course she would be, but he wouldn’t bring himself to sugarcoat anything for her. “You acted against the Order,” he said, avoiding a binary answer. “With your footing in the Resistance, I might be able to intercede for you. We could use you to spy on them in exchange for your life.” She full stopped, making him turn around, “you aren’t pleased with that?” “You’re asking me to betray people I care about,” she said stiffly, her face going hard. “If I do that, you guys are going to destroy them. It’ll be a repeat of Hosnian Prime. I’d rather die.” Hux hadn’t pegged her as an ungrateful person, but it seems he was mistaken. “You’re a fool,” General Hux growled, stalking over to her. “You’re going to suffer the same end as your parents- and for what?” His words hurt her so profoundly that she felt as if she’d been stabbed. It reminded her exactly of how different they were; their upbringings had created too impassable a chasm between them. “They’re all I have left!” She said exasperated. “I will stop anyone who tries to hurt them, even if it costs me my life.” Anger and, more mysteriously, jealousy , swirled around in Hux’s brain- momentarily abandoning logic. He wrenched her shoulders in his hands and shook her once. “Why would you throw your life away for them? They’re murderers- terrorists-“ “And the First Order isn’t?” She said staunchly. “You kill people that refuse to bend to your will!” “I haven’t killed you, have I?” “If you were ordered to, you might.” “You don’t know anything about me!” He seethed, glaring at her darkly. She wasn’t afraid of him. Fury prevented that. “You’re right,” she said, as close to yelling as she would dare. “I don’t! I want to understand how someone can do the things you do without remorse. ” “You want me to let you in?” He demanded. “You might not like what you find.” “I don’t care-“ General Hux kissed Aleta Caldoran before reason could dictate a more suitable response. Instead of pulling away from him like he thought she would, she wrapped her arms around his neck pulling him closer . They let it last until the flashlight in her hand started flickering. “Don’t throw your life away when I’m trying to help you,” he said when they broke away from each other. “Does your life mean so little to you?” Aleta cupped his face in her hands and studied his eyes for a moment before placing a kiss on his cheek and clutching him tightly. Hux swallowed, his hands clasping around her waist, memorizing the feel of her. “I appreciate what you’re trying to do for me, but I can’t betray my friends.” She mumbled into the scoop of his neck. “I’m sorry.” “You’re such a fool,” he whispered, stroking her hair. In his mind, Hux knew that they were never going to be able to see each other like this again unless they both deserted now and ran far, far away, but they were practically strangers. It was ridiculous to even think about something that extreme. “I hate this,” she whispered as if she had read his thoughts. And, for the first time, General Hux agreed with her. Treading the mountain pass was difficult, but they followed all of the pelt trader’s directions exactly, and found the small outpost right where he indicated. It was a small house made of stone from the mountain. No windows. No need. General Hux used the term ‘hovel’ to describe it. Aleta preferred ‘quaint’. The key was hidden on top of the doorframe which only Hux was tall enough to reach. He unlocked the door with it, pocketed it, and they stepped inside. Lights that almost felt too bright flooded the room, and the quiet hum of the radiator filled the silence. The interior was wooden with minimal furniture including a few lounge chairs, a work desk, and a kitchen with cupboards full of canned food. There wasn’t a service droid to be found. Closing the door behind her, Aleta found that there were a disquietingly huge number of manual locks on the back of the door, so she turned off her flashlight, stuffed it into her satchel, and fastened every single one. Hux sniffed at the place, dropped his bag, and located the holotranceiver on the work desk, and keyed in the transmission code that had answered their distress call. The head and shoulders of an almost humanoid man appeared. He was covered in fur everywhere leave for his face which had a short button nose, a too-wide mouth, and almost-black eyes that were a little too close together. “We reached your outpost, and we thank you for your assistance.” “Glad to hear it, my boy. Unfortunate that you had to land on this nasty little planet. Regrettably, I have more bad news. Our ship has a malfunctioning hyperdrive core, and we can’t reach you soon enough without it functioning at 100 percent.” Aleta crossed over to stand just over Hux’s shoulder. “I understand,” Hux replied. “How long will that take to fix?” “No more than twenty-four hours. In the meantime, stay inside. Eat. Rest. We will be there tomorrow.” “Understood. We appreciate your extended hospitality.” The trader nodded to the two of them, and his imagine blinked off. “Well,” sighed Hux. “looks like we’re here for another day.” “But at least we can sleep without worrying about wild animals eating us or volcanic heat-vents that could cook us in an instant.” Hux laughed a little, “that’s true- but I’ll be damned if there isn’t a refresher in this place.” “And I’ll figure out what there is to eat,” she grinned, rubbing her hands together. “You’re cooking?” General Hux asked, raising his eyebrows. Aleta flushed, “in your dreams, General Ginger.” She stomped away while Hux shook his head. While she rummaged through the cabinets for anything that looked familiar, Hux randomly started opening doors, but they were mostly closets full of knives, weapons, and hunting supplies, so when he found the ‘fresher, he’d half expected it to be another broom cupboard. It was rather small, and had a stand up shower, a toilet, and a sink, and a stack of pale blue towels in a wicker basket on the floor. The bare minimum. The ‘fresher he’d shared with three others at the Academy had been far superior to this one, but at the moment, he was too elated about the shower to care. “Found it,” he called back to the kitchen. “Really? Good. I’m going to try to make something.” “I thought you weren’t cooking!” “Would you please just take a shower?” Her voice was laced with annoyance. “Don’t burn anything!” He called teasingly, before closing the door behind him. “You cook, then!” She responded hotly, but all she heard in response was Hux's laugh and the sound of a shower being turned on. Rolling her eyes, Aleta focused on the dry ingredients she had to work with. At least bread was universal, so she had all of the ingredients for that including a few things in the tiny ‘fridge under the counter, but the canned stuff looked suspect. She cringed grabbing one of the more familiar canned items; it looked as if she was just going to have to guess. When Hux emerged from the 'fresher wearing the clothes he'd been wearing before, the smell of bread filled his nose. Aleta's back was still turned to him as she dumped a can of something that looked like Fenti beans into a clay bowl and seasoned it. He walked over to her, and peered over her shoulder. "Do you need a hand?" He asked, nearly making her jump out of her skin in fright. "You scared me to hell and back!" Muttered Aleta, rubbing the back of her neck- her cheeks reddening. "But if you're offering, could you take the bread out of the oven when it's ready?" "I can manage in here," he said, "the shower's yours." "You cook?" "I dabble," he said after thinking on it for a moment. For the most part, the food hadn't been terrible, but it was certainly an upgrade from Resistance rations. They ate mostly quietly, and retired to bed soon afterwards. Linens had been among the things found in the small 'fresher, but there were no beds, and the chairs were too uncomfortable to sleep on, so they opted for the floor which had a large black carpet spread on it. Regardless, anything was an improvement from sleeping outside. They lay side by side on the carpet staring up at the darkened ceiling waiting for sleep. "General?" "Hm?" Hux answered without thinking, then he blinked in surprise, and looked over at Aleta. Not that he could see her- it was darker inside the outpost than it had been outside ironically enough. "Did you just-" "Whether you like it or not, you've earned my respect," she said with a strange tone in her voice. "And I have to tell you something that's been bugging me for a while. Thing is... I don't know if we can trust the people that have agreed to help us." "What? Why not?" "I think I saw one of those dangerous animals while you were out on patrol. I think it... purred at me." Aleta said, putting emphasis on "dangerous". "Why didn't you call for help?" Hux's voice was on edge. "It didn't hurt me, it was just curious." She answered, "but... General- what if the ones that are dangerous aren't the animals on this world? What if the dangerous ones are the poachers?" Chapter 2 : Day One “QB-4, what is your status?” whispered Aleta Caldoran into her resistance- issued communicator with her back pressed against an outcropping of rock as she tugged at the neck guard of her Stromtrooper uniform nervously. Her droid was still aboard the x-wing which was five kilometers away concealed by a thick cover of coniferous trees. QB-4 beeped positively. “Good. Standby,” The droid beeped something a little more ingratiating in response before going radio silent. “I guess this is it,” Aleta said quietly to herself sitting up a little straighter to relish the last few moments of freedom that remained, and thought of her parents. They’d been among the casualties of the Hosnian Genocide. That’s what everyone was calling it now. It was part of the reason why she’d agreed to this mission in the first place. Her personal goals aside, General Organa’s orders had been clear. Bring my son home, She’d said before sending the young, and in many ways, inexperienced, fighter to Mulosko. He’ll put up a fight, but I know you can handle him. Be safe. If Kylo Ren had killed his own father, how could General Organa expect her to succeed where he failed? Aleta was nobody to Kylo Ren. She knew that he wouldn’t hesitate to kill her if he found out she was with the Resistance. Maybe she could try knocking him out and dragging him back. That would be easier. Putting on the Stormtrooper helmet which she’d taken from a fallen female trooper on Takodana (much like the rest of the uniform she now wore), she marched towards the tall stone walls of the First Order monastery, crushing the pebble-sized communicator underfoot. “Give your identification code,” a metallic hollow voice demanded once Aleta reached the gate. Their voice was layered with artificiality; machine blasters swiveled to aim at her from the top of the high stone wall for good measure. “AX-4295,” she replied with a certainty she hoped was convincing. “You were reported MIA at the siege on Takodana, AX-4295.” “Acknowledged,” she responded. “I’d like to be reconditioned.” The scanners read the identification code on her breastplate and her physical stature. It was uncanny- the similarities between she and AX-4295. Aleta had been with the Resistance squadron that had pushed the Order back on Takodana and was among those surveying the dead. Had AX-4295’s helmet not been removed, Aleta would have kept walking, but the young trooper had taken it off likely moments before she died. In her right hand was a white box - in the left, her helmet. On her lap lay a Trooper that had been badly hurt; but before she could help them, a blast from a mortar shell had hit nearby, and fragments from it penetrated her body and killed her. Regardless, she and AX-4295 looked nearly identical. AX-4295 had the same black hair, the same almond-shaped eyes, the same nose, and the girl even had freckles- just like Aleta. They might have even been sisters... or clones. Seeing the young woman dead disquieted her on a molecular level. Aleta had staggered over to the girl and tried to wake her up- she couldn’t fathom why she’d done this, or why she started to cry, but she did. “Enter,” the voice responded, jarring her out of her reverie. The stone gateway swung open to reveal a colossal structure built out of the mountainside. Red and black First Order flags and banners whipped in the deafening wind. A few Stormtroopers were stationed outside, milling about. She pushed the doors of the monastery open and stepped into a cavernous hall which was decorated with a single First Order flag hanging on the wall like a grim tapestry. The foyer was swarmed with Stormtroopers, but one with a red pauldron on its shoulder holding a blaster approached her. “Captain Phasma requests your presence, AX-4295.” “Of course,” Aleta responded. The other Stormtrooper lead her into a narrow corridor and through a metallic sliding door where the chrome Captain Phasma was inspecting AX-4295’s biodata on a holoprojector. Saluting, the other trooper made a snap exit. Aleta stood at attention. “Your timing is less than satisfactory and more than a little suspicious, I won’t deny. A full two weeks?” “I had a difficult time with the locals, ma’am.” “Ah,” she droned. “I’m sure that was very difficult. Remove your helmet.” Taking off her helmet, Aleta held it under her arm. Captain Phasma seized her up. Aleta couldn't tell what sort of expression she wore under that mask, but it was a safe bet that she didn’t trust her. The entire mission was riding on a gamble, but she wouldn’t have it any other way. “There is something in your eyes that’s different,” Captain Phasma said. "After you’re reconditioned, you will be reassigned until you are acclimated to life here.” “Thank you, ma’am.” Reconditioning itself was torture. Aleta had to stomach hours of slanderous propaganda against the Republic and the Resistance, the destruction of Hosnian Prime thrice over, and braggadocios claims that the First Order was the golden legacy of the old Empire. Many times, Aleta had to force back a laugh or a gasp or stop her fists from balling up too tightly- all under Captain Phasma’s watchful gaze. Once it was over, Captain Phasma advised Aleta to return to AX-4295’s quarters to rest until her debriefing. Apparently, AX-4295 had been a competent doctor when she had been alive, so her quarters were near the intensive care ward. Apart from a rudimentary understanding of how to attend to topical injuries, Aleta hadn’t an ounce of surgical medical expertise to speak of. It really was only a matter of time before she was found out. En route to her quarters, Aleta nearly collided with another Stormtrooper. “AX-4295!” They exclaimed in surprise. Apologizing quickly, Aleta took note of the designation on their breastplate. QB-4013. “I thought you were dead,” their voice sounded feminine, but it was hard to tell. “No,” Aleta answered awkwardly. “I’m not.” A few Stormtroopers marched by, but after they were out of sight, QB-4013 hugged Aleta tightly. “I’m so glad you’re okay. I want to hear about everything tonight after dinner.” “Sure,” Aleta said, her heart clenching. This person thought their friend had miraculously escaped from Takodana… what would happen if they found out who she really was? She felt as if she was simultaneously dragging that Stormtrooper’s dead body around the monastery and wearing her skin. It felt horribly wrong, but she wasn’t here because General Organa needed her to exercise her moral code. With heavy thoughts and grating conscience, Aleta spent the rest of the day alone in AX-4295’s quarters, her mind circling around the story of her “miraculous escape” which was, of course, only a cover. She’d been sent to Mulosko as a personal favor to General Organa with the sole purpose of returning her son to the Resistance base. A son she hadn’t seen since he was a boy, a son that had killed his own father. Kylo Ren. Did they really want someone as dangerous as that on base? He hated the Resistance- he would jump at the opportunity to reveal its location to the First Order- of that, Aleta was absolutely certain. These thoughts preoccupied her until a knock at the door jarred her out of an almost sleep. Jumping to her feet, Aleta donned AX-4295′s helmet quickly, just in time to look presentable for General Hux- about whom she’d been briefed at the Resistance base. He had been the one that ordered the destruction of Hosnian Prime and her sister satellites. He was the genocide-committing scum that had destroyed her homeworld. Aleta had to remind herself to stay calm. Remember why you’re here. The General was slender, pale, and red-haired with a sneering mouth predisposed for snide comments. She knew she could pummel him in a physical fight, and it took everything in her not to do just that. With shaking hands, she saluted him, “General.” “AX-4295, I’ve been informed of your miraculous return,” he said conversationally, but not without an underlying malice that reeked of suspicion. “I’d like to debrief you in my study.” “Yes, sir,” Aleta said sweetly, an attempt to seem unassuming. General Hux smiled motioning out the door with his hand as if to say ladies first . “You have nothing to fear if you have nothing to hide.” She followed General Hux to his study wordlessly. It wasn’t far from her own quarters, but it was far nicer; it was a small room with a beautiful view which was strategically organized. Yet another First Order flag hung proudly behind his desk. Her fingers itched to tear it to shreds. General Hux sat down behind his desk and flipped through a few pages inside a blood red file which was likely AX-4295’s. Well, that was retro. “Impressive,” he commented, whetting a thumb to flick through a few more pages. “Thank you, sir.” “Sit down,” the General said casually, glancing up at her. “I don’t bite. I would simply like to go over how you escaped Takodana and arrived here. We didn’t see your ship.” She sat down cautiously, all the while running through her cover story. “But I’d like you to tell it in reverse,” he said without looking at her. That was a tactic she’d expected for lie detection, so she was still prepared. The story was simply this; she had woken up on Takodana surrounded by locals who’d tied her up, but she had escaped under cover of night while they were sleeping using a pocket knife to cut her binds. Quite wounded, she nursed herself to health in the woods using whatever remained from her first aid kit and squatted in a downed Resistance craft she found there. She repaired the ship until it was well enough to fly to Mulosko, but it disintegrated upon reentry. Her saving grace had been one of the ship’s parachutes which was luckily intact, but she had to walk a treacherous ten kilometers to return to the stronghold. She went through the story twice- once backwards, and once forwards. General Hux seemed a little more convinced. “I see. It’s fortunate you’re adept at medicine. I’ll also need you to report to med bay for a physical screening tomorrow- just to make sure you’re properly healed. Speaking of which, I’d like to give you your first assignment. I understand that Captain Phasma told you to take the rest of the day, but this patient can’t wait and I can’t to get anyone else to take care of him.” “Who is it?” “Kylo Ren,” he answered, watching her to see if the name warranted any reaction. She balled her fists. This was the perfect set up. If she could convince the man to come home, she could complete her mission. “I-“ “There’s no one else,” General Hux said, almost pleadingly. “Perhaps with good reason,” She answered, just to be difficult to avoid further suspicion. “I don’t want to have to order you, AX-4295.” The General said, steepling his fingers together, “but I will.” She sighed and grudgingly agreed. “His wound must be checked twice a day; once in the morning, and once at night. He’s difficult, but you must insist. I can post a guard if you’d prefer.” She desperately wanted to take him up on his offer, but she needed to spend time with Kylo Ren without prying ears. Aleta shook her head, “no, sir. Thank you, but I should be fine.” The General nodded severely, “good. Report to his quarters in an hour.” That’s how Aleta found herself standing outside of Kylo Ren’s quarters an hour later with a medical kit clenched in her hands. The corridor was empty. Her nerves grated on her like a bow on an out-of-tune mandolin, but before they could get the better of her, she knocked twice on the door. “Who is it?” A voice demanded; it was a man’s smooth petulant drawl unaided by a mask’s distortion microphone. “Fresh bandages,” she answered. “I don’t want them,” he replied shortly. “Go find other employment.” “Look, I’m just trying to do my job. The General ordered me to change your bandages, I don’t really have a choice. Please open the door.” A moment later, the door slid open to reveal a hulking column of black; she has to crane her neck a little to meet his eyes- which are obscured under a black mask he’d likely just put on. So that’s why nobody wanted to do this. Feeling incredibly small even though she was only a few inches shorter than him, Aleta squared up under Kylo Ren’s scrutiny. “May I come in?” He didn’t answer for a moment, but he gave in and stepped aside just far enough for her to slide past him. His quarters were dim; hand-written letters adorned the walls, and amalgamations of books littered the floor and his desk. Flickering candles of varying heights exuded the only light his room afforded. The small space was permeated with the scent of something Aleta knew very well. Fear. The bad thing about fear is that it’s extremely contagious. The door slid shut with a finality Aleta didn’t like, and she whirled around to face the frightening man that towered over her. No- he was more than that. He was General Organa’s frightened, angry son. A man who’d killed his own father two weeks ago. “You’re brave to storm into my quarters like this,” he said in a clipped voice which is distorted by the mask concealing his face. Aleta’s heart pounded as she opened the box on his bedside table. “I am a Storm trooper, you know.” Aleta joked, but her attempt at being cute fell embarrassingly flat in the silence. She cleared her throat and shook her head, “please take a seat.” She rummaged through the medical kit instead of looking at him hoping it would curb the coiling fear in her gut. It didn’t. He did as she asked after a long pause, and his closeness made her shudder. “Where is the injury?” Inquired Aleta with as steady a voice as she could manage. “Take off your helmet.” “I beg your pardon?” “ Take off your helmet ,” came his insistent response. Of course, she had no choice. This man was a loose cannon, and she had no idea what might set him off. Playing safe was in her best interest if she wanted to keep her cover intact. Taking her Stormtrooper helmet off, she placed it on the table and smoothed her hair into place, her placebo protection now gone. A long moment went by, and to her bewilderment, Kylo Ren released the neck guard of his own mask, and pulled it away… he looked like a younger and less rugged Han Solo with a twisted ugly burn across his face. She couldn’t stop her mouth from going slack, but the unhappiness and pain in his dark brown eyes shook her out of whatever stupor she’d thrown herself into. He discarded his cloak and pulls off layer after layer of black until he sat before her shirtless and injured. The wound on his side had been stitched numerous times by the looks of it, and yet it was still puckered and oozing and red. Avoiding the gag reflex, she swallowed hard, and met his eyes. “You’ve been pulling out your stitches. Why?” “So I don’t forget how my father died,” he said mirthlessly, “a trophy.” Violence broiled inside of her, her fear temporarily forgotten. “You want to kill me, don’t you? I can feel it coming off of you in waves. That’s… new .” He’s force sensitive ; Aleta reminded herself chidingly. She had to be careful about letting her emotions run too freely around him. Averting his penetrating gaze, she returned her attention to the medical kit, picked up a pair of tweezers, and knelt down in front of him to remove the stitches that were still left. “You’re being overly cautious,” said Kylo Ren easily. “Are you a spy?” A cold sweat broke out behind her neck, but she did not speak until all of the old broken threads were gone. She cleaned his injury with antiseptic. “If I were, why would I be trying to help you?” “Maybe you’re saving me for someone bigger,” Kylo Ren said thoughtfully, he didn’t even flinch when she sewed him up. He was used to it. “Doesn’t it hurt?” asked Aleta, ignoring his comment which hit uncomfortably close to the mark. “That’s sort of the point,” replied General Organa’s son dryly. It was no mystery where he got his sense of humor. “You don’t want it to heal.” Kylo Ren only looked down at her darkly. Bingo. He’s tormented not gloating. It doesn’t make sense, “I don’t get you.” “You’re my doctor, not my therapist. Are you done?” “Nearly,” she said, pressing a piece of gauze to his side and securing it with tape, “Okay, all set.” Aleta smiled, patting his arm gently the way her mother used to, he froze and his face darkened. A skittish fright filled her, and stammered out an apology. She’d touched him without thinking of course. Damn motor reflexes. “You can leave.” Kylo Ren said stiffly after a brief heavy pause. Aleta pulled her hands away from him coloring a bright pink. “Sorry,” she said again, jumping to her feet, packing up her medical gear before she could get herself into any more trouble. Just as she turned to leave, Kylo Ren cleared his throat, “aren’t you forgetting something?” Aleta turned quickly in askance, her face still smarting. Kylo Ren’s mouth curved in a smirk that she’d seen on Han Solo many times. She’d never met him officially- more’s the pity. What had she forgotten? She thought, trying to keep her pulse even. She was bad at concealing interior emotion. Thankfully, candle light glanced off of something white and shining and she spotted AX-4295’s helmet still sitting on his nightstand. Was she asking to get found out? She snatched it off the table and dropped it onto her head before stomping to the door. Kylo Ren pulled a long sleeved black shirt over his head, mussing his almost black hair. “Are you coming back?” He asked, smoothing his hair away from his face “Yes,” she answered. “Try a little harder to hide your intentions next time. You’re bad at it.” Chapter 3 : Day Two Summary: I was supposed to update this on Monday- I'm so sorry. Between working 10a-12a and a wedding this weekend, I've been super exhausted and have had little to no time to update. But here is the second chapter- enjoy! Aleta was used to espionage, sabotage, and escape but she’d never had to bring someone back before. Someone who could probably kill her with the snap of their fingers no less. That night, dinner was served in a large mess hall. It was there that all the helmets came off. People spoke freely among themselves- well, as freely as a group of brainwashed people could speak. It’s not like she could blame them entirely, though. On the contrary, she pitied them. The more she saw, the more she realized that they were all human which was odd. She’d never seen such homogeneity in her life. It also didn’t help that Aleta didn’t know what QB-4013 looked or sounded like. Scrutinizing the breastplate of every Stormtrooper in the cafeteria would have looked seriously suspicious. Instead, Aleta found a quiet corner and ate alone. The food, processed and served by a service droid, was either tasteless or disgusting. Where the hell was the meat? Thought Aleta, a little annoyed as she stabbed at the white gelatinous cube on her plate and stuffed it into her mouth. She was far too hungry to complain about something that couldn’t be helped. After dinner, Aleta found QB-4013 standing outside of her quarters with her back against the wall waiting for her. Her helmet was on, of course. She still wondered what her newfound friend looked like “Want to go on patrol with me?” The female Trooper asked cheerfully. “Definitely,” Aleta responded, happy for the company. Fortunately, QB-4013 did most of the talking which helped Aleta understand daily routines, training regimens, and protocol missions. The otherwise friendly Stormtrooper expressed concern with The First Order’s retreat after the destruction of the Starkiller base. With the remnants of the Order dispersed across the galaxy, they’d begun to regroup and cull alliances with only a third of their former size. Snoke’s fury at this despairing set-back made everyone apprehensive. “So, is Snoke actually here?” Aleta asked curiously as they walked along the soothingly quiet grounds. QB-4013 nodded, “no one leave for Kylo Ren and his knights have seen him in the flesh.” After they returned to the monastery after a few hours of surveillance and QB-4013 regaling Aleta with questions about her escape from Takodana, they retired- each to their own quarters. That night, Aleta’s dreams were plagued by the screams of Hosnians and the dead white faces of AX-4295 and her own parents. Memories of shouting and screaming as mortar shells fell from the sky forced her to jolt awake with a start. She threw off her blankets and breathed deeply, wiping at her tear-stained face. It was going to be a long night. The next morning, she woke to General Hux’s smooth berating voice over her private intercom reminding her of her reassignment duties. Nothing like sweet nothings from General Ginger to put her in an utterly foul mood. Regardless, she went to the cafeteria for two mugs of coffee before dragging her mostly dead body to Kylo Ren’s quarters with the medical kit slung across her chest. The fear of rubbing him the wrong way was still there, but she cared considerably less about it than she had yesterday. It was too damn early. Knocking twice on his door, she grumbled in her most unenthusiastic voice; “room service.” “I didn’t order any,” came the equally grumpy reply. She stuffed a mug under her helmet and took a long drink. “I don’t want to be here any more than you want me to be here. I have to check on you.” “I’m fine, thanks.” “Open the door, Kylo Ren. I’m not in the mood.” “ You’re not in the mood? I’m not in the mood.” She rolled her eyes ignoring his comment, “General Hux’s orders. I have coffee for you.” He sighed irritably and the door flew open moments later. Looking pissed, Kylo Ren took the mug she’d just drank from before she could protest, and stood aside to let her in. His hair was disheveled and and his black clothing were crumpled from sleep. She blanched, he looked like a normal guy. It made her very uncomfortable- though she couldn't figure out why, "thank you, excuse me." She went right to his bedside table, set the other mug to the side, placed the medical kit down, and cracked it open. Wordlessly, Kylo Ren sat down on the bed next to where she was, his hair still messy. Her cheeks were practically burning holes through her helmet, but she knew he wouldn't trust her if he didn't take the damn thing off. Resigned, she took off her helmet and set it aside, pausing to smooth out her hair, and fumbled a little with embarrassment. He pulled up his shirt a little so that she could change his bandages. His injury looked far better than it had the day before. “Thank you for not messing up my stitches,” she smiled as packed her things up. Kylo Ren had been silent while she patched him up again, but she’d felt his eyes on her the entire time. He didn’t reply. “What’s wrong?” “I heard you crying last night,” he said, matter-of-factly. "You were dreaming about Takodana. I saw it." A chill went through her. “I'm sorry if I kept you awake,” she said simply, trying to keep the waver out of her voice. "I'll be more careful in the future." "You need help," he said shaking his head, "we can make you forget with medication or you can learn to control how your trauma affects you through meditation. It's your choice." "I'd rather not take medicine," Aleta cringed. She trusted First Order memory altering tech just about as much as she trusted Master Snoke. "Then I suppose I could teach you how to meditate. In time, the memories will fade- but you must first confront them." Aleta nodded, and wondered if this was some of his old jedi training rising to the surface. There might be hope yet for Kylo Ren. "Thank you. Truly," she said, bowing her head. "I'll leave you now." P utting her helmet on, she grabbed her medical kit and her nearly room-temp mug from the table. "Try to get some rest today," Kylo Ren said, just as he reached for the mug on the nightstand, "I like you better when I can read you clearly." “Is that so?” Aleta responded wryly, putting a hand on her hip, "well, just so you know; I took a drink out of that before you snatched it from me.” She said, pointing at the mug from which he was currently drinking. Quickly, Kylo Ren took the cup away from his lips and cringed as she guffawed her way into the corridor, letting the door shut behind her- but not before she heard a muffled but petulant shout from the other side. "I take it back!" Chapter 4 : Day Two When Aleta returned to her room, she found that she had a pending message waiting on her private intercom. It was Captain Phasma requesting the presence of all personnel in the prayer hall. Peeking out into the corridor, she saw many Troopers marching quickly in the same direction, so she tagged along- adopting the same good form. The prayer hall was a huge circular room with the tallest ceiling in the entire compound. Light streamed in through long crystalline windows and the air was heavy with incense, but neither Snoke nor Kylo Ren were there to meditate. It would have been hard to do that with three hundred or so Stormtroopers and fifty or sixty other military personnel present. Captain Phasma stood on the dais with General Hux; two sides of the same wicked coin. The Merciless Matriarch and the Defiler. “I’ve called you all here to discuss an opportunity for you to prove yourselves,” Captain Phasma said; “there is a lead on Luke Skywalker’s location.” Whispers rose from every direction, and Aleta thought she might throw up. Oh, no. “One of our hyper-drive detection buoys locked onto residue left from the Millennium Falcon’s hyper-drive trajectory in a distant star system. I want to send out a few scouts to investigate before we send the entire squadron.” She balled her hands into fists. “I don’t wish to lose any more of you.” “Yes, Captain,” came the booming reply. “AX-4295 and SF-3209, please report to medical bay. Everyone else, stay behind to hear more about the mission.” Aleta’s heart clenched; she had to warn the Resistance about this development. There was a direct com link to the base in her x-wing, but until she could find an excuse to slip out, she had to play nice and follow orders. Snapping quick salutes, Aleta and SF-3209 marched off to med bay to be examined. It felt like it took forever. SF-3209 was a man with a very stuffy nose and a wheezing cough, and the doctors were a little more concerned for him than they were for her which was perfectly understandable. What if I’m not exactly the same as AX-4295? Thought Aleta nervously. The she remembered with a start, my old rancor bite! Shit. “May I use the restroom?” Asked Aleta quietly, trying to keep the edge out of her voice. “Of course, of course,” the doctor in charge said briskly, a little too preoccupied with her other patient. Aleta took the opportunity to slip into the bathroom which was in a small alcove on the other side of med bay. Inside was a sink, a vanity mirror, a toilet- and a glass vase with flowers in it. She closed the door and locked it behind her, flipped on the lights and the fan, picked up the vase, and dropped it onto the floor. Over the sound of the fan, the extra noise didn’t raise any suspicion. She picked up a large piece of glass with a jagged edge and stood with her back towards the mirror. The bite was gnarled and white with age- settling deep into the back of her shoulder where her arm connected with the rest of her body. Aleta had been back when she was training with the other new Resistance recruits. Survival training. If not for Poe Dameron shooting the thing with his blaster, she’d likely have been rancor chow. Sucking in a deep breath, she angled the jagged glass just over the bite and sunk it into the scar. It hurt, but the pain was nothing even barely comparable to getting slung around in a rabid rancor’s sharp, toothy maw. She was lucky she hadn’t lost her right arm. Once she’d gouged out the scar, she stopped the bleeding with a wad of toilet paper and carefully cleaned up the mess she’d made without cutting her hands on the glass. Getting dressed was a lot harder than she thought it’d be, but she managed somehow. The doctor was checking SF-3209’s drip and jotted a few notes down on her clipboard when she returned. “How do you feel?” She asked him. “Better, ma’am. Thank you.” “I want you to rest for about an hour, and then I will ask General Hux to reassign you for the day.” The doctor turned to find Aleta sitting on the adjacent hospital bed; she wasn’t wearing Stormtrooper attire, but a white coat, a black blouse, and skirt. “Are you ready for your physical exam?” The doctor asked, looking down at her holoscreen. “I have a quick injury to report,” said Aleta before she agreed. “I got it on Takodana, would you mind taking a look at it?” “Why did you wait so long?” She asked, putting her hand on her hips. “You’re a doctor, you should know better!” “Yes, but- I thought I could take care of it on my own- it’s just a little hard to do that, it’s on my back.” “You really are as pig-headed as ever, aren’t you? Please disrobe, I’ll take a look at it.” “Thank you,” Aleta said, stripping to her underwear and lying on her stomach on the hospital bed. “How did you get this?” The doctor asked conversationally, cleaning the cut with a swab. “It looks pretty fresh.” “I got hit by a stray piece of metal during the battle. I keep tearing it open- accidentally of course. I’m too active to let it heal very well.” “Hm,” she droned. “It’s very deep, I may have to stitch it.” “That’s fine,” Aleta responded, quickly. The sensation of getting stitched up was definitely not her favorite. Once the doctor was done, she instructed Aleta to stand so that she could commence the holoscan and updated AX-4295’s bio profile. “Other than your injury, you’re perfectly healthy,” the doctor informed Aleta, handing her a bottle of pills. “Those should take the edge off the pain. You can retire to your quarters and I’ll tell General Hux not to put you on any difficult assignments for a few days.” Aleta cringed- if she wasn’t assigned anywhere, she couldn’t get away to the x-wing. She had to figure something out on her own. Warning Luke and Rey took priority over her original mission. “Thank you, doctor,” answered Aleta quickly, before dressing cautiously and slipping out of med bay. Captain Phasma was confirming troopers for duty on the vast runway adjacent to the stronghold which was lined with TIE fighters and a larger transport vessel where five or six other Stormtroopers were already strapped in. Jogging over to her, she saluted. “I’d like to volunteer for this mission, Captain.” Her chrome mask looked up from her tablet and swiped through her list of soldiers. “I appreciate your desire to serve AX-4295, but you’ve not been cleared for active duty yet due to a medical hold.” Damn. She bit her lip, “I understand, ma’am.” “I do have a less strenuous assignment for you if you wish; QB-4013 had perimeter duty this evening, but as she’ll be on the mission, she won’t be able to do it. You can cover her shift.” This could work to my advantage. Aleta thought. “Yes, Captain.” With a few flicks of her finger, Captain Phasma reassigned her from the “resting” indication right before the one notated “medical duty”- when she was expected to care for Kylo Ren. Without another moment’s hesitation, she gave Captain Phasma a snappy salute, and began QB-4013’s rotation. When no one appeared to be paying any attention, Aleta slipped out through the gate, and started the rigorous five kilometer hike to her cloaked x-wing. It was only made more difficult by her self-inflicted injury. When Aleta stumbled into the cockpit, QB-4 started shrieking at her. Yanking off her helmet, the droid immediately stopped and whirred happily, spinning its head. “I’m fine, I just need to send a transmission to the resistance. Can you patch me through?” QB-4 beeped and whirred a few times, “I owe you one, buddy.” She sighed, picking up the receiver on her control panel. “Aleta?” A voice crackled; even through the distortion, she could tell it was Finn. “Finn! How are ya? I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but-” “What’s going on?” “The First Order sent scouts to track a hyper-drive trail from the Millennium Falcon to a distant star system; they think it’ll lead them to Luke Skywalker.” “Oh no,” he whispered. “I’ll go and tell the General right now.” “Good, but I have another question; can you patch me through to Rey? She needs to know.” “R2 is the only one that will receive your signal so far out. I can get you through to him.” “Thanks, Finn.” “Hey, Aleta? Be careful out there,” Finn said before disconnecting. There were three long beeps before anyone received her. “I think I got it- I had to re-route the - who is this?” A female voice demanded. It was Rey. “My name is Aleta Caldoran, I’m with the Resistance. Finn patched me through- I have bad news.” “What is it?” “I’m currently spying on the First Order, and they think they’ve found your location. Did the Millennium Falcon leave the island sometime today?” “Yes- Chewy just dropped off supplies- why...” she trailed off. “They locked a trace on the hyperdrive with one of their patrol bouyies- they’re on their way to you now. You and Luke need to get away from there.” “How many?” “Seven or so. They’re only scouts, they’ll send more.” “What about Kylo Ren?” “Not with them, actually, I haven’t seen him since this morning. I think he’s training with Snoke.” “We can take the troops, but we’ll leave if it gets too dangerous,” Rey said. “Thank you for contacting us. I should go. I don’t want this line to be traced, either.” “No,” Aleta agreed. “Are you sure you don’t want me to come and-” “You’ll blow your cover if you’re on assignment. It must be pretty important if the General set you up to it. We’re jedi, we’ll be fine.” “Be safe?” “Yeah, you too.” They disconnected, and then QB-4 beeped at her. “I know,” she sighed, looking up at the muddy gray sky. “Why don’t you come out of there? I’ll put you in the cockpit- you can recharge and stay out of the rain.” The android seemed very happy to hear it, Aleta laughed. She hadn’t laughed unguarded in a very long time. The return to the monastary was a quiet one, the gate let her in, and she checked her watch. QB-4013’s shift was nearly over, meaning that she had to help Kylo Ren again. A warm flush spread over her face, and she shook her head. It’s dumb. Don’t think about it. The corridor occupied by Kylo Ren’s quarters was nearly deserted. She knocked twice. No response. Knocking more loudly this time, she pressed her ear to the door to listen for any movement. None. Minutes drew on, and she started to wonder if he had gone with the other troopers to find Rey and Luke after all... Damn. Of course he’d be the first person to- Suddenly the doors opened, but the doorway was empty- until she looked down; Kylo Ren was on the floor in a heap. Panic set in and she rushed over and cradled him in her arms. The young man cringed when she touched him- and he looked flushed. He must have been training all day. “Are you in pain?” Asked Aleta, her voice high with fear. “I’m fi-” “If you say fine, I’m going to add a bruise to your menagerie of injuries.” He laughed, a little dazed- it seemed genuine enough. Something was really wrong. "It was a rough day,” He whispered. “That’s more like it,” she said gently. “How long have you been on the floor? Why didn’t you call-” “I did. Ten times, but you never answered. Where were you? You were supposed to be resting today.” She deserved that. “I’m sorry- I ran patrol for QB-4013 earlier. I should have told you-” A groan escaped his mouth as he tried to sit up, Aleta helped him carefully. His hair was a mess, but his eyes were as sharp as ever. Reaching up, Kylo Ren took off her helmet, and looked at her for a minute before trying to stand up. “Doesn’t matter. You’re here now, so-” “I’ll help you, hold on-” In a tangle of injured limbs, they stumbled over each other and landed with a thunk on his bed, their foreheads banging together. “OW!” “Hey!” They rolled away from each other clutching their faces. “What’s the deal?” Kylo Ren cried, rubbing his forehead. “I didn’t plan this, your legs are like twenty feet long,” muttered Aleta, sitting up. Kylo’s arm was covering his eyes. “Are you really okay? I was kidding about that- did I hurt-” “No,” he said. “No more than I already am. Can we make this quick? I’d like to sleep for a while.” “Of course,” she answered, he tried pulling off his shirt but her only got it halfway over his head before she intervened. Cauterized slashes from a lightsaber covered his upper body, including the injury from Chewy’s crossbow. Actually, that was the area Snoke seemed to have been gunning for. Anger roiled inside her brain like boiling water in a kettle. Snoke, you bastard. Stalking over to her medical kit, she sat on his bed with one leg folded under her, and the other hanging off, and started to disinfect his wounds. “Respectfully, sir. What the hell is Snoke doing to you?” “It’s a part of the training regimen,” he shrugged, getting to his elbows to make it easier for her to work. “Anyway, you aren’t my mother, so I don’t need you to get mad or what have you. It isn’t any of your concern.” “You are my patient. I have to look after your well-being, and if Snoke is going to use these horrible methods on you, I have a right to be angry.” “It’s more than that I think,” he said, watching her with those dark eyes of his. If she wasn’t careful, she was going to fall right into them. No matter how much Aleta hated to admit it, Kylo Ren was right; she definitely was starting to have very distracting feelings for him. He sensed them this morning, she was absolutely sure. Clearing her throat, she shook her head and used a skin coolant spray to help soothe the burns. He let out a sigh of relief, and his eyes fluttered closed. “Thank you,” he said. “Sure,” she smiled. If I made him like me, maybe it would be easier to convince him to come back. She cringed at the thought and shook her head again. Stupid. After she’d repaired the stitches that had been singed by the saber fight, she helped him into more comfortable clothes- her face was uncomfortably warm the entire time. “Why are you embarrassed?” He asked as she pulled a blue shirt over his head, “you’re not a teenager, are you?” “No, I’m a bit older than that, sir. I’m twenty-five.” “Oh,” an awkward quiet fell over the room. He cleared his throat, “I-” “It’s okay,” she said soberly, “I look a lot younger than I am. Get some sleep, sir- I’ll see you in the morning.” “Yes,” he said with a nod, even though something told her that he didn’t want her to leave quite yet. “I’ll be in my quarters, so if you need me, that’s where I’ll be.” Aleta packed her kit, put on her helmet, and offered him a salute- her shoulder was starting to twinge. She had to get back to her room to tend to it before she tore the stitches. “Are you in pain?” Kylo Ren asked her just as she was about to step out. The young woman paused at the threshold, and looked back at him. General Organa’s son sat on the edge of his bed with his elbows propped on his thighs. “I felt it.” “It’s just a scratch,” she told him. “Liar,” he whispered, just as the doors hissed shut behind her. Chapter 5 : Day Five Aleta resolved to stay away from Kylo Ren as much as humanly possible for the next few days. There was no way she could continue to deceive him if this continued, so she familiarized herself with the types of anesthesia the Order kept in med bay. The more quickly she did this, the better. Her meetings with Kylo Ren had become short and wordless, but filled with a tension that made her feel as if it had been the right decision to avoid him. He was always a little too close, his eyes always lingered too long- but if she said she hadn’t liked it, she would have been lying. “You’ve been distant,” Ren said conversationally after only a day of this just as she was about to leave. “You have much on your mind. What’s wrong with you?” “My friend went on that mission, and I haven’t heard from her since,” she said. “I’m worried about her.” “Who?” “QB-4013,” Aleta replied. Kylo Ren crossed over to her and put a gentle hand on her shoulder. “Come and sit with me. I’ll show you how to meditate,” he said guiding her to the floor easily. He sat down, crossing is legs and sat straight up. A posture he was no doubt used to. “Helmet off. Eyes closed. Cross your legs.” Aleta sighed, and did as instructed- careful not to move too much. Her injury still hadn’t fully healed. She didn’t want to risk it. “You aren’t Force sensitive, but I want you to try and find a quiet place in your mind. It’s a safe place. You can imagine the Abyss if that’s easiest.” “The beach,” she said, taking a deep breath. “Any beach. White sand as far as the eye can see- and water so clear you can see the sand beneath the surface...” Kylo Ren paused before he spoke, “good. Now, your breath must come from deep in your belly- I want you to breathe in and out as long as you can. Imagine that you can breathe fire.” Aleta did as instructed, and strangely, her mind began to drift; whether it was from lightheadedness or otherwise. It took her worries away. Strangely, she began to see the beach- as if it has magically materialized around her. The white sand was warm from the twin suns in the sky- one was at it's zenith, and the other at it's setting. The setting sun turned the lavender sky a beautiful shade of magenta just on the horizon. Sunlight glanced off the clear pristine water making the surface ripples glitter like rainbow colored gems. Below the water, schools of fish in silvers, golds, aquas, black, and oranges swirled. Aleta padded across the sand to watch them for a moment before a strange cawing sound made all of the fish disperse. Overhead, a flock of strange alien birds soared through the sky. It was the most beautiful thing she'd ever seen in her life. “Do you wish you were there? On that beach?” He asked her unexpectedly. Aleta nearly opened her eyes in surprise, but she nodded instead. “Don’t we all wish we could go to our happy place?” She paused when she got no response. So it was that kind of meditation. “Yes,” amended Aleta. “Are you alone?” “Yes,” she replied. “Good. Now,” Kylo Ren said carefully. “This is where this technique gets a bit interesting. I want you to go to the first memory that comes to you. What is it?” The vision of the sunny beach was replaced by whirling shades of black and gray as she was thrown this way and that by the rancor that had given her the deep scar on her back right shoulder blade. “Survival training- two years ago,” Aleta said, too relaxed to lie. “A rancor attack.” “Is it attacking you?” “Yes,” responded Aleta. “How do you feel?” “Afraid. In pain.” “Let the memory take you further,” he said, matter-of-fact. “What comes next?” She could hear Poe’s shouts from below amidst her own screaming, but she was so disoriented at the time that she didn’t see him. The gash under her right shoulder blade began to ache deep within her bones. It took everything in her not to scream in agony as she relived the pain, “my comrade came to help me. He shot it.” Managed Aleta in a strained voice through clenched teeth. In the memory, her vision blackened. When she came to, her head was buzzing, and her eyes felt so off-focus that she felt squeamish. Aleta found herself on Poe’s back with her shoulder wrapped in his jacket to prevent her injury from further infection. “You got yourself into it, didn’t you?” “I’m sorry,” she’d answered, beginning to doze off. “I feel so cold and my head hurts-” “No, no, no, you can’t close your eyes. Stay with me, kid. You’re bleeding out.” “But I’m so tired- five minutes... just five-” “Why do you think you saw that memory first?” Asked Ren, genuinely curious just as her memory-self’s consciousness faded out. Poe had resuscitated her after that- it was a struggle to stay conscious. Poe had always been so self-assured- so easy-going... even though he’d weathered much in his thirty some-odd years, he still managed to keep himself together and remain a bastion of hope and courage. She aspired to be like him in as many ways as she could. “Because he was the first person I felt... truly cared about me without having the desire to parade me around like a trophy.” she replied. “He had always been a hero to me- even before I’d ever met him.” A beat of silence followed, and she wondered if Kylo Ren was reading her again. “Go back to the beach,” he snapped quickly. Apparently, he hadn’t liked what he sensed. This time, unable to help herself, she opened her eyes a sliver to find Ren’s countenance far less composed than a meditation instructor’s countenance ought. She sighed and closed her eyes again. “Now, take me to the next memory.” The image of the beach faded again into a dimly lit kitchen but instead of the cry of sea fowl, her father was yelling at her. She remembered the night she’d left home very well. Too well. “I’m home.” “Describe it,” he said, coldness creeping into his voice. “I’m arguing with my parents in the kitchen.” “How long ago was this?” He sounded conversational, but the undercurrent in his voice was skirting on distrustful. “It was two years ago,” she said, her voice measured. “You were given leave time to see your parents ?” “For my service aboard, I was given leave to do whatever I wanted. It was likely not advisable to seek them out. Don’t worry, it didn’t end well,” lied Aleta... in part. “What happened?” “ How could you throw away five years of studying at the Academy and a chance to run for senator of Hosnian Prime to fight alongside those murderers?” Her father had yelled at her that night. Dinner had gone quite cold, mother chewed slowly and quietly, pausing only to dab her mouth with her napkin to prevent herself from interjecting and encouraging more of her husband’s rage. “At least they’re doing something! ” Aleta protested, “the Senate remains at a constant stalemate because of conflicting interests. I can’t wait around for another twenty years before they decide to stop the First Order’s tyranny! By then, it’ll be too late and you know it.” “Then go,” her mother said with an eerie calmness in her voice before her husband could shriek at Aleta again. “But if you join the Resistance, you’re dead to us. Don’t even bother coming back.” “Have it your way,” Aleta snarled, tearing her red leather jacket from the back of the barstool, and stormed to the door, grabbing her duffle bag from the coat rack near the door, and opened the with the keypad, “make sure you change the code on this thing.” “We yelled at each other. They disinherited me; you know- same old, same old.” Ren said nothing in response, but felt his large warm hand close around one of her cold ones- which she hadn’t realized had balled into white fists. “Breathe,” he said. Aleta breathed glumly, feeling her eyes go watery under her eyelids. “Do you ever dream about them?” He asked her. “All the time,” she whispered. After a moment of stuffy and nerve grating silence, Aleta spoke again. “Can I go back to the beach now?” “I think you need to rest,” Kylo Ren said, giving her hand a squeeze. “Go back to your quarters- and tomorrow when you come back, I’ll try to reach out to your friend through the Force. With your help, of course.” Aleta opened her eyes and read his face. He looked a little sullen, but earnest. Putting her other hand over his, she smiled. “Thank you.” Nodding, Kylo Ren helped her to her feet and handed her AX-4295’s helmet. “If you have any nightmares tonight,” he said. “Go to the beach.” Aleta bowed her head, resisting the urge to hug him and put on her helmet. Stammering out another thank you, the Hosnian woman scurried out of his room and into the corridor a respectable ways before she started to cry. Why was he being so kind to her? It made what she had to do so much more difficult. Her visor was fogged up so much by her crying that she could hardly see where she was going when she decided to start moving again- making her collide (rather painfully as the collision jarred her shoulder) with another body. “Watch where you’re going!” They snapped- she recognized their voice immediately. “Apologies, General Hux,” Aleta said, trying to shrug off her snapping herself into attention which hurt the snot out of her shoulder. “AX-4295,” he said, reading her breastplate- his tone did a curious 180, “you have been doing an excellent job caring for Ren. His injury is nearly healed.” “Thank you, sir,” she managed without sounding like she was gritting hear teeth. The pain threatened to overhaul her voice all together. When her visor cleared, Aleta found General Hux looking at her in a slightly interested way. This puzzled her to the nth. “Has there been any word on the squadron that was sent to investigate Luke Skywalker’s whereabouts, sir?” General Hux’s eyebrows raised in surprise and he let out a chuckle, “I suppose you weren’t there for that part of the briefing. The buoy was near the middle of the galaxy. Even in hyperdrive, it’ll take them about a week to reach it.” “Oh, I see,” Aleta muttered. “I did hear that you wanted to be there- despite your injury.” “Of course, sir.” General Hux smiled, and amicably clapped a hand on her shoulder. Letting out a pained gasp, she cringed under the weight of his hand- her injury delivering a burning sting all the way down her spine. When he heard her hiss in pain, he pulled back quickly- his smile dissolving. “Your injury-” “My shoulder, sorry sir. I should have said something-” “Nonsense,” he said, brushing off her apology. “You should be resting.” “I’m headed to my quarters now,” she assured him. “Good night, sir.” “Yes,” he said quickly, looking a little perturbed. “I didn’t cause you any further injury?” “No, sir. I’m fine,” insisted Aleta; she desperately wanted to get out of this conversation. “Would you like me to see you back to your quarters?” He offered. “I- n-no, that’s alright," she stammered, in surprise, coloring at his unexpected kindness, "though I do appreciate the offer, thank you.” Aleta saluted him - a little sloppily albeit because of her shoulder - and hurried away through the old stone corridor, leaving the General speechless as he watched her go. Once she was through the hard sliding metallic door of her quarters, Aleta lumbered tiredly over to her bed and keyed in an alarm for eight hours on the holopad she’d left laying atop her threadbare comforter. Carefully discarding her trooper garb, the woman collapsed with a pained sigh onto her bed and fell into a deep sleep. That night, Aleta dreamt of the sea... and shadowy monsters with beady black eyes that prowled beneath. Chapter 6 : Day Six Part I Notes: I am so sorry, I know this chapter is two weeks over due. It was extremely hard to write for whatever reason. I do hope you enjoy it anyways! xoxo The next morning, Aleta found herself more well-rested but felt a little nervous going to Kylo Ren’s quarters. She didn’t even need to knock. The door opened before her fist could even make contact with metal. The dark haired ex-Jedi loomed over her and looked both ways down the corridor before he pulled her inside by her left wrist, closing the door behind them. “What the-” “Shh!” He snapped. Kylo Ren’s room was utterly wrecked; it looked as if he were looking for something. Making a path to his bed through discarded books and old pieces of parchment marked with faded inky notes with his foot, he pulled her along behind him. “What’s going on?” Whispered Aleta when he pulled off her helmet and helped her sit down, confusion creasing her brow, “why is your room so messy?” “We need to do this quickly,” he said without answering her question about the state of his room. “My master doesn’t approve of this particular use of my abilities. I’ll be punished later but-” “Do what?” Aleta asked, her eyebrows raised. “I want to do something to help you,” He said sincerely, his face so close that breath tickled her mouth. Wordlessly flushing, Aleta drew her shoulders in, “But, I haven’t done anything-” Kylo Ren sighed reaching forward to touch her cheek with his fingertips. They were cool against her face and, for some reason, she could not avert her eyes from his. It felt as if she were quantum locked in this space with no hope of escape. “Close your eyes,” he murmured, his clean breath washing over her. “More meditation?” She joked, gooseflesh prickling at the nape of her neck. “Close them,” he insisted, with a little of a smile in his voice. She let out a puff of air before doing as he asked... all the while, her heart throttled painfully against her ribcage. Panic was beginning to sink in... Is he going to kiss me? The thought brought her back to her school days. She’d remembered thinking the same thing right before she had her first kiss. Seventeen was a late age for first kisses it seemed as most of her classmates had already had theirs by then and it was no longer really that big a deal. The other girls talked about Aleta’s lack of interest in romance as if there were something seriously wrong with her. But there wasn’t. And didn’t they have anything better to talk about for that matter? Why had it been any of their business in the first place? As most people would, Aleta grew quite tired of the giggling and whispering behind hands. It was ill-advised, but her first kiss had been with Ulian Mulacci. The stuck up little nerf-herder’s parents had owned some big investment firm back on Prime. Among the few things she remembered about him were that his nose was rather pointy and that his hair was the color of fresh hay and was very soft. Ulian’s kissing, however, was awkward and dishwasher-like. It was not an experience she wanted to repeat if she could help it. “I wanted to offer you a small gift,” Kylo Ren began. “For helping me heal and for... distracting me from my sins.” Aleta opened one eye, “Ren-” “I was looking for something last night after you left,” He said, putting his thumb over the eyelid of her open eye to close it. “It’s an old jedi blessing against bad dreams.” “Jedi? But I thought-” He shushed her and placed his palm on her forehead, “I ask that the Force comfort thine sleeping mind and arm thee with a seal of aegis against disquieting dreams of thine own making. Lest they be a vision of prophecy from the Force, all malicious visions are forthwith banished.” His hand warmed on her forehead, and her eyes opened slowly once he’d finished. “I feel as if I’ve been thanking you a lot lately,” said Aleta sheepishly as he withdrew his hand. At this, Kylo Ren withdrew mentally- she could see it all over his face, “don’t thank me for something this trivial.” “But it’s not trivial. Not to me,” Aleta said, touching his cheek with her hand. Leave for the grisly red scar that slashed across his face, his skin was smooth. He flinched in surprise. “Does it hurt?” “No- I-” he let out a sigh, “it doesn’t.” The scar had been Rey’s doing. Aleta hardly blamed her given the circumstance, but there was far more to Kylo Ren than anyone, except for General Organa, could have possibly known. “Oh,” he said, is if he just remembered something and pulled up his dark blue shirt a little. The injury from Chewy’s crossbow was almost entirely healed. A few of the stitches had even started to fall out. Smiling brightly at him in a way that made her feel extremely vulnerable (but in all honesty, she was too happy to conceal it), she laughed, “I think you’ll be right as rain by tomorrow.” Aleta opened her first aid kit, taking the stitch scissors in her right hand and began to snip at the stitches that remained. “You’ll be re-assigned?” He asked curiously. “I imagine so,” she agreed, removing the thread with a pair of tweezers and applying the bacta gel with a cotton swab. “Likely to the medical wing.” They fell into a comfortable but melancholic silence, “there,” said Aleta, once she finished dressing his injury, rubbing his arm. “If you need anything else, I’ll be around.” “Is that a promise?” Surprised by his question and coloring a little, Aleta replied, “I promise. Reach me through the Force and I’ll come; no matter where you are.” This seemed to assuage him. The meager lighting in his room made all the planes of his face seem sharper. He looked very much like a beast then with his mane of black hair, his scar, and his darkened brow- but his eyes were hopeful. Her heart felt as if it were being squeezed. Closing the medical kit, she slid off his bed and got to her feet. “I’ll see you tonight,” she told him, putting her helmet under her arm. Kylo Ren stood and walked with her to the door, opening it. “Don’t do anything to strenuous with that injury. Maybe you ought to have it looked at before you go on active duty.” Without thinking, she reached up to his face, running her thumb down a section of the long scar before she leaned in and kissed him on the cheek. “I will,” she said, putting the helmet back on her head. Walked down the dawn-tinged musty corridor, Aleta Caldoran left a befuddled Kylo Ren in the doorway of his quarters. She had to move him tonight... whether she liked it or not. With an hour before her patrol shift, she found herself headed to med bay. When she entered, the head doctor was hunched over a microscope in a glass partition just beyond the hospital beds. A large array of test tubes on a tray sat in front of her. The woman seemed to be quite enraptured with her work, so Aleta quietly moved to the cabinet over the first bed to the left where they kept the sedatives, and grabbed a clear vial of Amphatase and put it into her medical kit. “AX-4295,” the head doctor said pleasantly, looking up from her project when she heard the cabinet door close. “Is there something you need?” “I’d like for you to look at my injury, doctor. If it’s not too much of an imposition,” Aleta sighed, rubbing her shoulder gently which was a little smarting, but otherwise numb at its edges. “Of course- go ahead and disrobe. I’ll give you something for the pain, too.” “Thank you,” Aleta sighed, setting her medical kit aside and shrugging off her gear, carefully stripping off her shirt, and she lay down on her stomach atop one of the beds. Snipping off the bandage with a pair of scissors which the doctor had selected from the hospital bed tray, she removed the gauze and began to disinfect her old-made-new-again injury. “Ensure that you remind your commanding officer not to have you lift anything over ten pounds.” “I will,” Aleta said, “But, I wonder- is there any possibility that I could have a high dose of bacta treatment today? Just in case.” “It’s possible if you have a few open hours in your schedule for it.” Aleta chuckled, “I’ll get back to you.” “Just when I thought you were actually starting to take care of yourself again...” the doctor sighed, letting out a huff. “I’ll give you a little bacta boost to help you heal, but perhaps I'll set aside some time in your schedule this week for a bacta bath.” “Thank you- truly,” she smiled, even though she hoped to leave the compound that night, she appreciated the concern. After another pause, the doctor slipped two icy cold needles under her skin. Upon returning to her room feeling quite a bit better, Aleta checked her duty schedule on her holopad. Patrol duty again until lunch, and then hospital duty and patrol duty split until she had to care for Kylo Ren... Then her private intercom pinged with an incoming message from General Hux. Letting out a sigh, she accepted it. “AX-4295,” the General said his voice smooth, but the reception crackling briefly, “I would like to discuss your reassignment this evening. Come to my quarters in standard officer’s dress if you would. I’ll have dinner prepared for us at nineteen hundred hours.” “Yes, sir.” “Good. Don’t be late,” he said abruptly, hanging up with a burst of static and a click. He was being strangely kind to her. Was it possible that he discovered her deception? Shaking her head, she slipped out of her room and hurried quickly to the front gate to begin patrol duty. The wind blustered around her as she stepped out into the open air; all she wanted to do was to tear the damn helmet off and take a deep breath. Marching over to a trooper with a red paldran on their shoulder who happened to be standing with their back to her on the stairs, she circled around to face them completely and saluted them. “AX-4295 reporting,” she said. “You can take over for ZD-1223,” the trooper said (male by the sound of his voice). “He’s on the gateway.” He pointed briefly to a sentry standing atop the stone hewn gate with his back to her. “Yes, sir,” Aleta said, trying to resist the urge to cringe. It was going to be difficult for her to get to her ship to program an escape trajectory if she was in the direct scope of the supervisor. Before, she had far more mobility. Pushing open the old wooden door which lead to a tall spiraling staircase encased in grey stone leading up to the wall with her shoulder. Aleta climbed up, up, up in the stagnant cold. The brisk cold hit her at once when she emerged from the archway. ZD-1223 turned to her and marched the way she came, and clapped a hand on her uninjured shoulder. “Thanks, doc.” “You’re welcome,” she said. He quickly marched through the archway and out of sight. In his absence, Aleta was left to survey the unforgiving dangerous terrain of Mulosko but it was beautiful in its savagery. It was not long before she began to shiver from the cold. Looking out to the horizon, the murder of cumulus clouds appeared to be rolling in from the mountains filled Aleta with foreboding and dread. Gathered in the cafeteria were maybe about half the troopers it had had when Aleta arrived six days ago, but those the remained talked among themselves quietly and nervously. She wondered if she could find out something from someone about the somber atmosphere- perhaps there was news from the scouting party. As she searched the cafeteria for a face that didn’t immediately sour or a gaze that didn’t avert from hers the moment she locked eyes with them, Aleta recognized SF-3209. He had been the man with a nasty cold who had accompanied her to med bay on the day that Phasma called everyone in for the scouting mission. Hesitantly, she took her tray of questionably pale proteins and flavorless bread and sat down across the table from him. SF-3209 blinked at her with his pale green eyes, his orange hair stuck up a little from all angles- helmet hair. Aleta took off her helmet as well and gave him her most dazzling smile. “Do you remember me?” “Of course. You and I were called into med bay together,” he said. “You’re the one they’re all talking about.” Aleta froze, her fork hovering over a gelatinous square-shaped chunk which appeared to be fried ever so slightly. “They?” “The others. They’re saying that you returned from the Seige of Takodana half-dead only days ago. Some people saw Captain Phasma take you in for reconditioning, and then well...” he shuffled uncomfortably under Aleta’s interested eyes as she ate. “They’re saying that there is...” he paused and forced down the lump in his throat as Aleta took a drink of the leafy green liquid in the clear plastic bottle she’d been given by the service droids, “something going on between you and Kylo Ren- but it’s just what they’re saying!” Without time to recover, Aleta nearly choked on the liquid as she clapped a hand over her mouth. Concern wrinkled SF-3209’s brow, and he leaned over the table to pat her back with his hand. A strange quiet fell over the cafeteria as the coughing subsided and she regained her bearings. “Why would people suspect that?” “Well,” he said. “You’ve been seen coming in and out of his quarters recently and he’s been a shade less unpredictable ever since.” Aleta mopped at her mouth with a napkin, “I’m only there to help him recover for injuries he sustained on Star Killer base.” Strangely, the room seemed to deflate, the mood still somber. SF-3209 remained in wonderment, “but he’s so difficult to even be around.” “There’s more to him than that- I think,” she smiled, before clearing her throat. “In any case,” Aleta went on, looking around the room. “Why is everyone so quiet? Did any news come back from the scouting party?” SF-3209 shook his head, “no news has been received yet, but the storms here are quite terrifying. This is your first one, isn’t it?” “It is,” she replied, an edge on her voice. “No one is allowed out of doors once the storm starts. We lost about twenty of our patrols to a particularly nasty one when we first arrived. The wind knocked them from the top of the gate,” he said, shivering. "How long do these storms typically last?" "At least three days- but we've had them as long as two weeks before. They're so unpredictable. It's very hard to say." It was then that Aleta realized that there would be no escape from Mulosko today- and perhaps not for the next two weeks... and just like that, her time had run out.