“Finn!” Finn’s head snapped up. He had been sitting at the landing dock for 3 days, refusing to talk, refusing to sleep, refusing to do anything but wait for his boyfriend. Poe should've been back from his mission 3 days ago, and Finn feared the worst. So, hearing Poe’s voice ringing through the dock made all other noises and sights fade, except for Poe. There he was.. “Poe?!” He raced towards him, and he could see that he had a few cuts on his face, wearing nothing but his work pants and a black t-shirt that was stuck to his muscular frame. “Baby?!” Poe grinned back, and he could feel burning hot, scalding tears beginning to fall. “Loveheart! Honeybunch,” he called back, causing all the other pilots to pause their rejoicing of the long-awaited return of their commander to groan. Finn collided with him, literally picking him up and holding him. He twirled, Poe curling his legs up and around Finn’s waist, arms hanging onto his broad shoulders, bringing him close. He embraced and kissed him, hard. Their words were random jumbles of gasps and sickeningly-sweet pet names, followed by a load of “I missed you!”, “I Love You!”, and “Holy Shit!” --- That had been about 10 minutes ago, and after checking Poe into the medical wing to stitch up a cut or two on his chest, they released him, and now Poe’s mouth was currently locked with Finn’s in the base’s elevator, pressed so tightly together you'd think they’d melt. Finn moaned into Poe’s mouth, grounding his pelvis against him, craving attention and friction from the other man. Poe found Hands traveling down his waist, grabbing at his ass, while he in-turn grabbed at Finn’s (HIS) jacket. --- “Where were you?!” Finn asked, wide-eyed as he carried Dameron to the medical wing. “I, uh…” Poe’s face heated up in knowing-embarrassment. “Jakku…” he said quietly, averting his eyes. “Again, Poe!?” “Yes, again, Finn!” --- “I Missed you…” Poe murmured quietly into Finn’s neck. After the elevator opened, Finn wasted no time in quite literally picking Poe up bridal-style and carrying him to their shared room. Honestly, he never wanted to let him go ever again. He couldn’t go through another scare like that, not knowing if Poe was ever gonna come back home. Poe had suffered through a few similar situations when Finn had left, and he understood. The job was hard. Poe began sucking on Finn’s neck. He left dark marks against Finn’s dark skin, leaving them well-above the collar of his jacket and shirt. Finn bit back a moan, holding Poe tighter in his arms. “I m-missed you too, baby…” He threw the pilot down onto their bed, being careful not to hurt him, and he climbed on top of him, kissing him again and again with fever. Poe arched his back, so he could wrap his pants-clad legs around the younger man’s waist, and he brought their fronts together. He moved desperately, wanting to feel what, and who, he’d been missing for the past week. “P-Please…” he begged Finn, moaning and arching into him once more. “Sh, Sh, I’ve got you, babe.” Finn said, unhooking the pilot’s legs from his waist so he could begin stripping Poe of his t-shirt. He kissed down his neck, which… Wow, was affecting Poe more than it should have. Finn had missed him too, though. He didn’t think he was ever going to see him again… “I thought you died…” Finn whispered harshly, voice now choking behind a wall of sadness, one that he had been building up since Poe had disappeared. Poe immediately hauled his face up to his, kissing him roughly, more teeth than anything, just to show him he was there. “Hush, Finn,” he told him, worry showing in his brown eyes. “Don’t talk like that, I’m here now, beloved, I’m here now…” He moved against his lips, holding him close. Finn got rid of the rest of their clothes, rolling so that Poe was on top of him. Finn carded his hands through Poe’s dark hair, bring his mouth back onto his, not wanting to ever come up for air. He couldn't go through that again, and neither could Poe. He moved his mouth harder against him, whispering to him softly against his lips. “I love you.” Poe rested their foreheads together, before diving into another kiss. “I love you too, babe.” Notes: Questions? Got A Prompt? Need A Friend? Contact me here: transboypoedameronn.tumblr.com Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the 30 day OTP challenge (NSFW) series Next Work →