You were just a young member of the Resistance, forcefully taken away at a raid on a planet, in the middle of saving lives, taken by the First Order. But shit, it's not even considered saving lives when most are now dead, or taken away and probably die by then. You sigh, angry, just by the thought of that. And then a fucking butt end of a blaster hits you on the side of your head and you black out. ~ You woke up, finding out you were in the base's interrogation room. Well, fuck. You were hella tight on the seat. More like the seat is tight on you. That wasn't a sexual joke. You struggle, wiggle, but you can't seem to fall off the seat. And you groan, scream in anger, and now you were exhausted. You gave up, and decide to just wait it all out. See what's comin' at ya next. The door suddenly opened, which scared the living hell out of you, making you jump (not literally, but you wished that part of that made you fall off the chair.) Walking to you, was a classy man wearing all black, his red hair slicked to the side. Classy motherfucker. But when you looked at him, he looked mean. Then you remembered, oh shit, he's General Hux. Haha, knew that. You stayed quiet and calm, staring at him intensely as he did the same thing. The General cleared his throat, leaning slightly close to you, examining you. "Hmph, Resistance scum." he grumbled, taking a step back. You scoffed. And for that, he looked at you, as if he was surprised you'd throw that at him. "Thanks for calling me that, General. You know me, I know you. Let's get to the questions, what even are you gonna ask me?" you ask. And then his face turned red. In anger. But he kept calm, and leaned a little closer to you. "What makes you think you can talk to me like that?" he growled, but you weren't afraid. "I don't know, but you're not throwing me relevant questions. You took me in for nothing." you snapped. There was an awkward silence. He stepped back, unsure what to do. Then he returned to normal. Finally. "You're a part of the Resistance. Give me information." "You're fucking kidding me? I'm not answering that. Thought you people knew by now." Hux glares at you, but suddenly stops doing that. Instead, he softens. Surprisingly. Softens a little, though. "You seem to be somewhere off the Resistance. I heard about this 'gray side'. Tell me, are you more on the gray side?" he asks, and you sigh. This fool. This fucking fool . What kind of a General is he? But then, he's kinda hot. You were glad he wasn't a Force-user, or he would've done the diiiirtiest shit ever if he read your mind. "What if I am?" you teased, and he looks at you, confused. Why the hell is he confused? "Sike, I am. The Resistance seems a tad bit boring. I heard this place got some good shit here." you grinned, and now, he looked at you, even MORE confused. "U-uh...well, good things here, I guess. Wait, what are you saying!?" he asked, flustered. Ooh, it's gettin' good. "I don't know. I wanna see what it's like here." you reply, and he thought about it. "Name one thing you want." he says, and now it was your turn to think. "Um, let me go first, so I can think? My arms are sore like hell." And so he does. Hux sets you free, and he stares at you, longly, examining your bodily features. Unknown to you, he's obviously onto something. You finally made your final decision after 3 minutes. "Food. Good food. Because I'm fuckin' hungry." you said, honest. "Food it is. It'll be the best you've ever had." Hux replies, smirking. You notice it, and you wonder if he took it the wrong way. - Hux began walking through the halls, grinning, heart skipping a beat. Boy, he was happy. Kylo Ren randomly passes by, and he stops, sensing something odd in the General. Kylo makes a sharp turn, turning around, stopping him. Hux looks up, looking at Kylo annoyed after he interrupted Hux's happy thoughts. "Why are you smiling like that?" Kylo asks, and it was a simple question. "Oh, nothing. Nothing really.." he lies, hurrying away from the terrifying tall man. Kylo couldn't resist but invade his mind. After a few minutes or so, he stops. Nobody sees the look on Kylo's face with that damn helmet on, but he was shocked. Kylo hears an audible laugh from the General. Hux just got laid. Meanwhile, in your new room, you eat your new food happily. And hell, you were satisfied. You were definitely joining the First Order for that hot readhead General. You thought, sex and food from joining the First Order doesn't sound like propaganda. Notes: this entire fuckin fic sounds like a crack fic ahahahhah whoops