You and Hux had a fantastic relationship since the first day you met him. Nobody got in the way of your relationship, all you both had been receiving was love and praise. Hux has been loving you, keeping you close, protecting you, all of that. Why? Because he just does. He loves you so much, he'll do anything for you. Despite you having multiple, unpredictable personalities, you can't take advantage of his kindness. But there was another thing to his infatuation and protection. His nightmares have been getting strangely excessive. You were deep asleep those nights, so Hux always stayed up, refusing to go to sleep. The next morning, he would always look tired, but did his best to not worry you. YOU have been involved in his nightmares, all in which you die. And in reality, Hux doesn't want you fucking dead. He always wakes up in the middle of the night to see you sleep so peacefully, holding his arm lovingly. It breaks his heart. It scares him to death. He wasn't aware that you know that he was having nightmares, but you didn't know you were in them. Now, tonight, you're putting an end to it. - Hux was afraid to go to sleep. You had kissed him goodnight, which calmed him down, a tad bit. You went to sleep first, and he tried, so hard, to do the opposite. He doesn't want to sleep. Hux was afraid to see you die in his dreams again. Against his will, his eyes felt heavy with exhaustion after working all day and doing other things. Hux went to sleep. - The First Order had been battling the Resistance. Cries, yells, painful agony, such terror was everywhere. "(Y/N), you can't go out there and face them." Hux says. "I need to tell them...they can't take me back. Because I belong to you and the First Order. I need to get my shit straight with them." you snap, and you took off without a word, now walking to the battlefield...alone. You know you're not safe here. The end is almost near. The determination consumed you, and Hux was in so much fear. Hux ran after you, only to hear yells that were shot back and forth. "WHY?!! YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO STOP THEM, NOT JOIN THEM!" "I'm sorry...but my heart belongs here." Those were your last words, and a Resistance soldier shot you. In the heart. Hux screamed, catching you in his arms before you fell. You were already dead once his hands grabbed ahold of you. He cried, and cried, as gunshots and slices from the lightsabers sounded. But the noise faded. He only focused on your dead body. My love, it's too late now. - Hux woke up, sweating. He practically sat up, but looked at you, still sleeping peacefully. He slowly sat on the edge of the bed, hands on his face, attempting to wipe the sweat off his face. You woke up at the right time. "Baby...why are you up..?" you pretend to ask, but literally half asleep. He didn't look at you. "I...can't sleep." Hux partially lied, tears pooling in his eyes. You sense the pain in his voice. You sat next to him, pulling him into a hug. You quietly whisper in his ear. "I know you've been having nightmares. And tonight, that'll end." Hux only cried, his hair slightly messy, since it was a thing you liked at night. He looked like a scared child crying, needing love. You finally hug him, as he cried more and more. "(Y/N)...don't leave me..please...don't leave me alone..." he whispered, pausing in between. You wipe away his tears and sweat. Something tells you that he was having nightmares about you. But you didn't want to bring it up. Both of you were quiet, but then you pulled him back onto bed, hugging him. Embracing him. Giving him the real love that he needed. Hux quietly listens to your heartbeat. It was at a normal place. Listening to your heartbeat means that you're alive. Hux is relieved, smiling as he fell asleep. You had gave him light kisses, and you also fell asleep. And from then on, his nightmares no longer attacked him.. Notes: dem feels )':