Hux is making his way to the negotiations- third room on the left, he thought, but apparently that was something else- when he hears his name. “You know I don’t approve of that- General Hux.” Privately, Hux doesn’t really approve of Leia Organa either. In fact, she probably knows that, and there’s a chance that she knows he’s overhearing this conversation right now. He stops short and decides to listen in, mostly out of curiosity. Perhaps also because it might end in someone giving directions to whatever room the negotiations are in. “I know you don’t. I’m not asking you to.” Hux curses himself for being excited to hear Kylo’s voice. “Tell me, Ben, what do you see in him?” Long pause. “First of all, don’t call me that. And second, what does it matter?” Rustling fabric. Hux imagines Leia Organa crossing her arms, as she always does in debates. He’s a little worried for Kylo, as much as he hates to admit it, but he also thinks there’s a chance Kylo will just bite his mother’s head off like a particularly angry poodle. On second thought, poodles don’t usually do that. “It matters because I care about my son’s future!” “Well, so do I, and maybe I want one with him!” “Why?” Hux is leaning against the wall with the same question in his mind. He knows, of course, that Kylo Amidala has probably bribed other officers with... favors. That he is not the only general to have received attention from this particular senator. But he also cannot deny Kylo’s interest- for lack of a better word- in him, not when Kylo does ridiculously petty things like giving him flowers or holding him a certain way or (Hux feels himself turning red) sweeping him into kisses seemingly at random. “He... grows on you.” Hux comes back to the present sharply. He is very aware of a lot of likable qualities within himself. He could list them for Kylo, if it were necessary. And yet- and yet the primary reason Kylo Amidala apparently cares to spend time with him is that he isn’t so hard to deal with after a while. Hux, despite his best efforts, is somewhat miffed by this. “Grows on you,” Leia repeats. Hux feels no envy for Kylo Amidala in this moment. The General’s voice is like ice. “Yes,” Kylo manages, somehow still defiant. “He does. And I think he has a lot of nice qualities.” Hux can’t deny he’s relieved to hear this, though he is sort of ashamed that he cares what Kylo Amidala thinks. “List one.” Hux chews his lower lip in the silence that follows. “He has- nice shoulders.” It takes most of Hux’s strength not to cry, laugh, or cry and laugh at the same time. “He barely has any shoulders,” Leia says snippily. I wonder what your son was biting at last night, then, he thinks. Actually, he probably shouldn’t have thought that, considering his current predicament and the fact that Leia is a Force user. “I think that’s cute,” Kylo says defensively. Hux feels a little swell of- something. Possibly almost affection. Almost. “You’ll excuse me if I don’t think the General’s alleged shoulders are a redeeming quality,” Leia snaps, patience seemingly gone. “Ben- Kylo, you have to-” Kylo makes a very loud sputtering noise. It would be cute if Hux had been the cause (though in a way, he supposes he is.) “I don’t have to do anything!” he says. A moment passes in which Kylo apparently manages to collect himself. “And you know what?” “What?” Leia asks drily. “General Hux has nice cheekbones and he’s well organized and he likes me and who I love is no business of yours anyway, Mother!” Before Hux can fully take all of this in- the fact that Kylo Amidala apparently likes his cheekbones, the fact that Kylo Amidala apparently loves him - Kylo Amidala himself comes rushing around the corner. Hux flattens himself against the wall nervously and looks up at Kylo, suddenly intimidated. Kylo’s eyes are wet, and he blinks surprisedly at Hux for a moment before giving up completely. Without words to describe what he’s feeling, Kylo rushes at Hux, robes and all, and dips him into one of the most impromptu kisses Hux has ever had. Hux, feeling a little weak in the legs, buries his hands in Kylo’s hair to keep himself at least partially upright and decides he’s skipping out on the negotiations. Notes: 1,000,000,000 thanks to the lovely user robespierrre (tumblr) for kylo amidala.