Supreme Leader Snoke sat on his throne, maybe it was just a regular chair, but it didn't matter to me. He held a look of superiority, the kind that told everything about him, how great his power was, though his image was just holographic. He took in a long breath then exhaled slowly, his eyes never leaving my form. "My child," he began his speech, "I found you when you were merely could understand the world around you." He paused, his forehead wrinkling. "I brought you up and taught you the ways of the Force. It's time for you to join the the Knights of Ren." I completed my training with the Force, coming to know the Dark Side each day better and making it my only desire to serve it. "Darth Esme, from today you will be know as Esme Ren, member of the Knights of Ren." "I won't delude you, Supreme Leader." I said, bowing with my right hand on my chest, above my heart. "Unleash your lightsaber." He ordered. I did as he said and grabbed the body of my saber, activating it, the black blade coming from the emitter shining in the darkness of the room, the tip pointed upward. "May your power always serve the Dark Side of the Force." My small ship landed on the landing deck into the Finalizer, full of Stormtroopers scurrying around. When I got out of the ship, I saw a tall man waiting for me. His hands were behind his back, posture straight, almost stiff. He had ginger hair brushed neatly on both sides of his head, water green eyes gazing at me. He was wearing a black uniform with the First Order's symbol on his left arm. When I was a few feet away from the man, I made a small nod. "I'm Esme Ren." "Welcome on the Finalizer." He greeted me. "I'm General Hux." There was curiosity in his eyes, a thought crossing his mind. "Eager to see a woman among the Knights of Ren, are you?" I asked him, chuckling when he arched a brow. "I would like you not using your powers on me." He simply stated. I shook my head with a small laugh. "Trust me, General, there is no need to read your mind to know what're you thinking." "This way." He said after a moment of silence, turning around and waiting for me to follow his further into the spaceship. "I was informed of your visit by Kylo Ren himself." "Oh," his eyes met my amber ones, "I'm here to stay." He groaned almost imperceptibly mumbling to himself. "As if one Ren wasn't enough..." "I heard that the Commander throws tantrums and destroys stuff when he's angry." My suspects confirmed when he rolled his eyes and sighed. "Don't worry, I'm not that expensive." He showed me around a bit, where the main rooms were and informing me on where I could go, and what to do if I got lost. Basically, 'just ask a Stormtrooper' was his reply. General Hux left me in from of Kylo Ren's quarters telling me that he'll send someone to wait for me outside and show me my personal quarters later, because he had other business to attend to. I could feel Kylo's presence on the other side of the door and before I could even raise my hand to know, the door slid open, revealing a man. I had seen Kylo only once during my training with Snoke, even from afar I could feel his enormous powers seeping through his body like a sticky liquid, but he was definitely stronger now. The first time I was him, his face was covered by a helmet, but now I was at a loss of words, not expecting such a gorgeous. He was much taller than me, black locks hanging loosely on his shoulders and brown eyes piercing through mine; heavy black attire on his body, mine looking just like his, only more tight. "Master Ren." I greeted him, not taking my amber eyes off of his. "Come," was the only thing his said in a deep voice, moving aside to let me in. I looked around the cold room, containing just a metal desk and a chair, papers on it with some maps. There were other doors, beyond which I could only guess what stood. He walked slowly past me and stopped to his desk, lightly letting his weight rest against the edge. He was scanning me with his eyes. He gazed at me from the top of my head, my dark red hair falling graciously on my shoulders and back in many waves, light skin in contrast to the black robes and amber eyes that resembled the ones of a feline. I wasn't as tall as he was, he thought that I was even shorter than General Hux. At last, he spoke. "The Supreme Leader trained you well." Was that a compliment? "Though, I want you to train with me even harder than you used to before because I don't need a frail pain in the ass." He stated with such arrogance that I couldn't stay silent. "With all due respect, Commander, I'm not a frail pain in the ass and I won't be." I took a few steps towards him until I was close enough to look straight into his brown eyes, he didn't even move. My voice fell to an incredibly menacing tone. "I don't care that I have to work for you, but you know what?" He arched a brow and I continued. "You’re rude, crude and full of attitude. Try being informed instead of being opinionated." I turned around to leave and a look of anger appeared on his face. "I won't tolerate your disrespect towards me." "Really, you know what that sounds like? Not my problem!" I left the room and when the sliding door closed behind my back, a loud thud came from inside Kylo's quarters. He probably punched his desk very hard, earning a chuckle from my lips. "Jerk." Notes: Liked it? I hope so! Please enjoy and leave kudos and comments. Feedback is very much appreciated and helps me write more regularly (: I'm also accepting suggestions and maybe you could tell me with whom should the main character end up... hehe Kylo or Hux? What if she gets pulled to the light by someone else? Attention beuties! I've created a sideblog on Tumblr dedicated to your questions and updates, so it's easier to communicate (: You can find it here --> VictoryanBladeFair