It was an excuse, and he knew it, but that didn’t stop Hux from using it. Continuously. “I can smell the fumes in your breath,” he tells Kylo, when they’re just too close for comfort, where they’ve spent the last hour glancing , licking their lips, wondering if now’s the time. He broke away from Kylo’s space, downing the rest of his wine as he stood to switch off the television, which had been playing some film neither had disagreed about watching. Hux was assuming Kylo’s hadn’t spent much time watching it either, if the confusion in his glance towards the rolling credits was anything to go by. He held out his hand for Kylo’s glass, which isn’t given to him, Kylo instead picking himself up from the sofa to join him to the kitchen. Kylo’s started using glasses now, when he’s drinking, so that’s one positive. He’d graduated from necking wine from the bottle, which was nice, though it reduced the chance of watching Kylo lick the drops from the lip, which was. Not necessary. They washed up in silence, and Kylo yawned. “Good film,” Hux said, drying his hands on the dishcloth. “You look tired. I’ll let you get to bed.” Kylo nodded, eyes not meeting Hux’s, and he plodded away, up to bed. Hux rested against the countertop, wondering why this was not easy. They would be graduating university soon, but Hux had not responded to any initiation on Kylo’s part beyond the odd hug, occasionally spending a night or two a fortnight in one another’s bed after a study session, or a film; usually con alcohol but minus touching. Now Hux was concerned. He was worried about Kylo steering clear of him, deciding he didn’t care for Hux anymore, that Hux was not worth waiting for. And why should Kylo wait? Hux had given no reason why he had rejected Kylo’s fairly blatant advances; after graduation, Kylo would probably want to move out, there would be no reason for them to see one another again, and they would forget about it all. ‘That one time I fell for the Mayor’s son’, by Brendol Hux, Jr. Skywalker and family had simply resorted to dubbing Hux Kylo’s ‘boyfriend’, Hux’s parents had advised him not to propose until after his cousin’s wedding, as they didn’t want to seem to be copying, or clashing. Hux and Phasma would quite often go out for drinks, Kylo towed along when he wasn’t busy. Phasma did not refer to Kylo as ‘the boyfriend’, as Finn, Rey and Dameron did, which Hux was thankful for. “How’s the hot mess doing?” she would ask, before saying that she actually didn’t care and they would move on to talking about anything but politics. Their ideas were perhaps too similar, they both realised, that neither felt comfortable admitting they were on the ‘wrong’ side, and so they had abandoned that line of conversation months ago. Hux would usually reply with something along the lines of “he’s hot and making my life a mess,” she would pretend to gag, then they would talk about whether frogs could actually have sex with pigs, or if the writers of Sesame Street ever thought about the implications of their story on drunk university-age people. The night after the last near-kiss, Hux had gone to drink with Phasma alone. Though he managed to stumble home safe, (Hux had no doubt in his mind that Phasma had made sure he did so,) the next day was hell. His hangover ruined the productivity of the morning, the library was full by the time he arrived mid-afternoon, and he thus had to study at home, stretched across his sofa in his room, which it seemed was a doomed venture to begin with, because Kylo seemed to know exactly when Hux was not actually studying. “You got in late,” Kylo said from Hux’s desk, inviting himself to root through Hux’s shit without his permission. “Phasma,” Hux said, the name itself seeming to send leftover-hangover pangs through him. Kylo hummed, quitting his search for whatever he’d been pretending to search for, and coming to stand before the sofa. Hux glanced up, paused for a second, then gave in, lifting himself up so Kylo could sit where Hux’s head had just been. Hux lay back down in Kylo’s lap, the back of his neck warmed against the curve of Kylo’s thigh. The feeling of Kylo’s fingers tucking Hux’s hair behind his ear with soft strokes, again and again, was calming. He shouldn't be allowing this, yet this was exactly what he wanted. He didn’t know what to do without the excuse of ‘studying’, so he closed his eyes, allowing himself to relax. “I want a cat.” “I’m allergic.” Hux sighed. Of course he was. “Of course you are.” It had come up last night, with Phasma, when she had suggested he just needed attention, which could very readily be bought with a cat. Though he had refuted her claim, the idea of a cat had stuck. “I’m joking. I’m not. I wondered how you’d react.” “Oh.” “What kind did you want? One of those scary ones with no hair?” “That seems like it would defeat the point of having a cat.” Kylo hummed, like he’d honestly learnt something new about Hux. “What colour?” “Black and white.” Hux paused and considered the question again. “Maybe just black, the hairs might not show up so much on your clothes.” “ My clothes? You wear just as much black as I do.” “I brush mine,” Hux said, smiling faintly. “You do not.” “Ugh. Lint roller.” Said lint roller had appeared before many a functions for events hosted by Hux’s parents. “Your family may allow you to stroll around high-profile investors with your clothes covered in cat hair, but mine will not.” “I bet you iron your socks when I’m not looking.” “When are you not looking, exactly?” Hux asked, deciding not to open his eyes and to simply imagine the blush on Kylo’s face instead. Kylo’s fingers stopped their movements and Hux froze his expression in smugness, as if he didn’t notice, as if he wasn’t disappointed, or worried that he’d misstepped. It was shitty, calling Kylo out on his obvious affection when Hux had so often rejected him. He was a dick. Kylo would leave now, for Skywalker, for his mother. It was probably a better decision. Kylo’s fingers changed path, slowly ghosting across the line of Hux’s cheek, his knuckles barely touching the skin, making Hux hyper aware of the peach-fuzz-like texture of his own cheek. If he wasn’t currently in override by the situation, he would berate himself at the wording, perhaps shocked at how sensitive the cheek actually was. As it was, he was entirely too focused on Kylo’s slight hesitation, before his finger finally traced across Hux’s lips. Hux controlled his breathing, now very aware Kylo would be alerted to sudden changes in breath and had a decision to make: to react? To not? How to react— to move away? To move away would probably be the final straw, a last rejection. To not react might have the same outcome. ...to open his lips seemed… an inviting idea, and yet may connote a kind of sexual metaphor Hux did not want to instigate, even with their mutual understanding of their asexuality. Still unable to decide, he blinked open his eyes. Kylo’s soft, ridiculously enamoured gaze met his. Hux could no more stop the fluctuation of his heart than he could the rise and fall of the tide. He reached up and pulled Kylo down, towards him, his hand light on the back of Kylo’s neck, fingers splaying through his hair, with enough pressure Kylo could stop him if he wanted to. Kylo moved with him. Realising Kylo may not be flexible enough to bend quite so much at the waist, Hux pulled himself up, arching his back to meet Kylo in the middle. Kylo let out a breath through his nose, Hux hearing both surprise and relief in the sound. Hux could feel Kylo’s lips spread into a smile on his own, but let himself drop back into Kylo’s lap after a quick, soft peck. It was an exhausting position anyway, far too awkward, and Kylo was sure to regret the decision— he rolled onto one side, facing away from Kylo, berating himself for acting so rashly… why wasn’t Kylo speaking? Why had he not reacted? “Didn’t smell like fumes this time,” Kylo said, sounding strangely gratified. His fingers resumed their tucking and retucking Hux’s hair, though Kylo was obviously allowing himself to stray further than the simple behind-ear path, taking the occasional detour across to the rise of Hux’s cheekbone, underneath his eyes, across his temple, through his hair in long, soft strokes, exploring the lines of Hux’s face. Hux swallowed, and felt Kylo’s fingers trek down to his adam’s apple, before they rose again to Hux’s ear. Hux swallowed again, glad he was facing away with the vague semblance of not being seen. “Alcohol makes stupid decisions for you.” Kylo’s fingers stopped, his hand now resting in Hux’s hair. “You’ve been waiting till I’ve been sober?” “When you’re drunk you hit police officers with crucifixes.” “You… but I, I thought we—” Kylo’s hand slid from Hux’s hair to his shoulder, pulling lightly to drag him back against his lap so that he would be in Kylo’s full view. “Hux, did you think I confessed because I was drunk?” Lying down seemed suddenly too vulnerable a position for this conversation, so Hux sat up, moving so he wouldn’t be touching Kylo. “You only give me that expression when you’re drunk. Usually.” Hux, taking Kylo’s habit, smoothed the hair behind his own ear, as if it would need it after Kylo’s many attempts. “What look?” “Like you’re… like you…” “Love you?” Hux pinched the bridge of his nose. He’d run out of excuses. He hadn’t prepared for today, for the moment he’d run out of plans, to be left to tell the truth… whatever the truth amounted to, these days. “...yeah.” “I’m such an idiot.” Kylo’s hands, without any Hux to occupy them, came to drag his own hair out of his face, before he dug the heel of his palm into his forehead. “I should have known there was a reason.” Hux wasn’t sure how to take the fact that Kylo looked wrecked. That didn’t seem to be the face of someone who didn’t love you, at least. Something clicked within Hux’s mind, made him decide that this was probably the sign he had been waiting for. Hux turned himself so that he was sitting cross-legged against Kylo’s side and brought his hands up, placing one on Kylo’s neck and using the other hand to pull Kylo’s face towards him. It was so hard, to not lose resolve. It was too bright, Kylo could probably see through Hux to his every thought, but then again maybe not, because that would make it so much easier, and— he checked himself. “May I kiss you?” Kylo nodded. Keeping his hands where they were, (mostly for a lack of knowing where else to put them,) Hux leant in, pressing his lips to Kylo’s, leaving a small kiss before pulling back. He licked his lips, then regretted it, because it made him look— he didn’t know. Eager for more? This was far too complex, and he’d really rather not have to think about the entire thing. “I love you,” Hux said, hopefully quiet enough that Kylo couldn’t hear, before swallowing the words with another kiss. The second kiss was easier, and softer too, less rigid both because Hux was not eating himself up because of it, and because Hux’s soft kisses had made Kylo’s lips more pliant, less dry. Hux’s hand rose to play with Kylo’s hair, the other against the line of Kylo’s jaw, his thumb stroking Kylo’s cheek in an imitation of Kylo’s actions before. Their breathing changed, deepening as their kisses did, and Kylo changed his position, mimicking Hux’s own crossed legged one, hands coming to rest on Hux’s sides so that he could pull. Hux obliged, pulling himself closer, but with their shared amount of long-leggedness, the position was not quite comfortable for either of them and they pulled apart with a small laugh. Hux sighed, not letting go of Kylo, now finding it hard not to want to continue what he’d been so ardently avoiding before. He kissed Kylo’s jaw, having a sudden desire to do so encouraged by his newfound ability to make it happen. “Is this okay?” he asked, that necessity to make sure creeping back. Kylo slid down the sofa from his upright position until he was stretched across it, head propped against the armrest and taking Hux down on top of him in a near-inverse of earlier. Hux hoped he wouldn’t crush Kylo underneath himself, trying to divert at least some weight through his elbows, now resting against the armrests. “Sorry.” “For what?” Kylo asked, adjusting himself into a more comfortable position. Hux decided to take from the small pile of apologies first before making his way to the top. “If I’m too heavy.” “I like it,” Kylo decided, pushing Hux down so that he was weighing more on Kylo than he was in his attempts to avoid doing so. “Sorry for making you wait.” Kylo’s hands were on the back of Hux’s neck, this time he bringing Hux in for the kiss. “You’re worth it.” - Apparently black cats were rarer than they thought; the row of adoption cats stared back at them, mostly tabbies, and generally cute. Hux was attempting to look as stoic as possible, knowing that at least two of the volunteers at the shelter had recognised them, and were attempting to film the pair of them as they inspected the cats. Well, it might boost his reputation, Hux adopts shelter cat with Mayor’s son , but only if he didn’t look like he was really gushing at the faces the cats were making. Neither Hux nor Kylo had particularly wanted a kitten, and Finn had been adamant that the shelter he had volunteered at with Rey on the odd weekend they were free would love and appreciate the support. Hux had then had to have an hour-long discussion on Finn’s exploits at the volunteer centre, about how he would love to have a pet but that Dameron was allergic, and how Rey had never even touched a cat before, and she was not a die-hard fan, and it had somehow resulted in Finn procuring a date where he and Rey could visit Hux’s cat, Skywalker somehow managing to invite himself too… Hux was very nearly always overwhelmed by conversations with the Organa household, (apparently the Damerons lived there, now, along with Rey and Phasma,) but he had been glad of Finn’s help, not knowing which adoption agencies to trust. Hux was recalled from his remembrance of the talk when he noticed Kylo had stopped ahead of him, staring at one of the cats for far longer than the others. Hux watched as Kylo smiled, as if recognising an old acquaintance (not that this had ever happened to Kylo in a positive manner before,) before turning to Hux. “This one.” “She’s called Millicent,” the volunteer said, sounding like they had lost a game of rock-paper-scissors in the staffroom when they’d seen the pair walk in, the other volunteers steering just far enough away not to be attacked, but close enough to catch them on video. “She’s a couple of years old, a rescue cat. She doesn’t like kids,” they said, before wincing. “Not that I think that you’re a kid or— or that you won’t have kids, or—” the volunteer went to open the cat’s door, lifting her out. “She’s been here a while because most of the people who adopt want a kid-friendly one, not a sour old lady like her.” The volunteer offered her first to Kylo, who waved them away, and so Millicent was dumped into Hux’s arms instead. “What?” Hux asked as Kylo started to laugh. Millicent was soft, and didn’t seem violent, or in any way afraid of Hux. She seemed docile, though definitely not affectionate, or child-friendly. “It’s the same colour as you are.” Kylo’s grin changed into one Hux recognised as wicked, his voice raising just slightly. “We’ll have an excuse if someone finds ginger hair in my bed.” Hux rolled his eyes as the volunteer wheeled around to their friends, making hushing motions. “We’ll take her,” he said, becoming suddenly attached to the warmth in his arms. - Kylo and Millie liked to compete for Hux’s attention when he lay on the sofa. Both were soft, and warm, and both were obnoxious shits when they fell asleep on top of Hux. Kylo, however, did start traditions, bringing Hux hot chocolate when Hux was down, knowing what wine to order when they went to certain restaurants, and would hold out his hand for Hux’s as they walked to campus. Millie had not, Hux did remind Kylo whenever he got too cocky, ever poured wine over Hux’s carpet before. She was also a lot easier to say “I love you” too, though Hux suspected Kylo knew, without having to say it. On one such occassion, Hux was taking a break from revision with another of Skywalker's recommended shitty romance novels. It was just what he liked about them; satisfyingly predictable. He was sat, novel in one hand, glass of white in the other on their sofa, (it had ceased to be his alone very recently,) when Kylo came back from his last lectures. When Kylo did not come to sit beside him, Hux looked up, confused, and found Kylo staring at him like Hux had grown a second head. "...Are you okay?" Hux asked, closing the novel lest this was an emergency situation. "I'm dating a wine mom. You're literally a win mom. Phasma was right." Hux took stock of the situation with sudden alarm, but, he realised, he couldn't quite deny the accusation. The situation was not helped by the emergence of Millicent on Hux's lap, let in when Kylo had arrived. She padded across Hux's lap, claiming the territory before Kylo could. "...Millie loves me for who I am," Hux said instead of denying the accusations, dropping the novel on the coffee table to free one hand for stroking Millicent and placing the glass down not long after, deciding this was a dual-handed stroking session. "Hmm," Kylo hummed, as eloquent as ever as he approached. With little grace, he softly pushed at Millicent's behind, making her stand (not without a look of definite hatred first,) and jump off the sofa, heading towards their bed instead. "Kylo, are you jealous of our cat?" Kylo's reply was to drape himself over Hux, still standing but looming over Hux with his arms around Hux's neck, probably with the intention of it being a hug, but in the strangest way possible. "What?" Hux said into Kylo's shoulder, his tone sarcastic even as he reached up to hug Kylo's waist. "You are?" "Mm," Kylo affirmed and Hux smiled. "I don't think you have anything to worry about," Hux said, quietly, realising as he said it how much he meant it. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the Wine Mom Hux series Next Work →