Prologue Prologue Brendol Hux faced the water. His event was next. The fifty yard freestyle, or front crawl. No one has ever beat Hux at this event. "Next is the boys fifty yard freestyle. Swimmers, behind your block." Hux stepped up on the numbered slate. His back was hunched over, his fingertips grazing the edge. He glanced over and saw the person he was racing. A Resistance swimmer, the symbol pictured on the side of his swim cap. The boy also looked at him, and nodded. Hux returned the gesture. "On your mark... get set..." The alarm blared, signalling the start of the event. Hux pushed off, sending him head first into the frigid water. The other boy stalled a second, then jumped in. Hux stayed under the water til he appeared in the middle on the pool. He heard the yells of his teammates, telling him to go. Hux turned into his flipturn, pushing off the end of the pool. Hux sped up, taking more breaths and harder kicks. Hux saw the end of the black line beneath him, telling him he was at the end. Brendol slammed his palm into the piece of machinery to show he was done. He heard yells throughout the pool. He won by five seconds, which was a lot to others. Hux saw his time, 17.54 seconds. Hux tore off his swim cap. He yelled in victory. When he finished, he shook the hand of his losing opponent. "Good job." The boy nodded in response. Kylo Ren sat in the stands. He wasn't very interested in swimming, though he came to this meet anyway. Then he saw him. The redheaded boy named 'Hux'. It was so quick from start to finish. 17.54 seconds, that was fast. Hux from what he could see, was a short, redheaded boy. He seemed older by a year or two. Kylo sat next to his mother and father, who were saying how fast the boy was. he heard yelling from the side, " undefeated General Hux!" Kylo processed the words. Undefeated? Was that even a thing in swimming? The next events started, one after another. Times were fast, others were slow. Soon, the meet was over. Over like that. Until Kylo realised he was sitting in the same spot for five hours. Hux walked around, wearing a sweatshirt showing off his last name. He saw his friend, Phasma in the stands. Hux flashed her a smile. Not a genuine one, just a smile. She sent one back. Hux was happy. He stayed undefeated. Ever he started this team, ever since his first meet, his first event. He loved it. His first love, in a way. He was so in love he never thought of leaving this sport. The only thing he didn’t like is seeing everyone half naked all the time, every practice. He was one of the shortest swimmers, though he made up for that in speed and dedication to his secret obsession. Kylo kept thinking of Hux. He seemed like he knew him. Then he realised, they went to the same school. Same grade. Why did he look older to Kylo? Maybe it was because he looked more mature and held himself high. Kylo dismissed his thoughts. He would think more later, or not. Chapter 2 : You're That Kid, Right? Summary: Kylo looks like a stalker after telling his mother something he now regretted. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo Ren waltzed in the hallway. It was the end of the day. Kylo scanned the his walking path. He was heading towards the office because his mother, Leia Organa, was the principal. He hated staying after school. Then he saw ginger hair, really noticeable ginger hair. Hux, the ‘General’ of the First Order swim team. Kylo thought of talking to him, but fought against his idea. Hux was short, shorter than Kylo anticipated originally. Kylo stood outside his mother’s office, dreading it already. He knocked on the door, getting his welcome inside. His mother smiled her usual smile, and Kylo flashed a short one in response. “How are you, Ben?” Leia asked him the same question, everyday. “Fine.” Kylo answered the question. “Ben, can I ask you something?” The principal asked him a question that he never really heard often. “Sure… And It is Kylo, mom.” Leia frowned at his request. “Fine, Kylo. Though, I really hate the name.” His mom trailed off. “Back to what I was saying, I was wondering, could you maybe become an acquaintance with a boy named… Brendol Hux?” Kylo stiffened. “Hux? Umm… Okay…? You know I don’t have friends…” “That’s why I want to try and make friends with another boy who doesn’t have many friends…” Leia persisted her case. Kylo sighed, “fine, fine mom. I will try.” Leia smiled. “Thank you.” _______________________________ Hux stood on the deck of the pool. His voice was loud enough everyone in the water and the stands could hear him. Everything he said was followed and done. The people on his team respected him well enough. Hux rarely got into the water for practise unless it was before an event at a meet. Though, he decided today was a well enough day to do a few fifties. He was put in the front of the lane, black and red lane lines outlined where they were to swim. Compared to him, the fastest person in said lane looked as though they were leisurely swimming, not sprinting to catch up. Practise was over, Hux dismissed the swimmers to the locker rooms. Even though there was a coach on the deck, he never interfered with Brendol. Hux liked it that way and never argued. Hux started to put kickboards away, seeing how some people were too lazy to clean. When Hux was finished, most of the people who were on the swim team were gone. Hux was able to take a shower in peace. ________________ Kylo still hated the idea of having to make a ‘friend’. Kylo’s mother made him attempt to talk to the very intimidating, though short, Hux. It has been a week since he made that deal. Kylo mentally kicked himself. Kylo put on headphones and turned up the volume to the song Famous Last Words by My Chemical Romance. Kylo walked in the hallway after school. He completely avoided his mother’s office. All the songs he listened to varied in artist. Panic! At The Disco, My Chemical Romance, Fall Out Boy, Twenty One Pilots. You name it, he probably had it laced in his phone. Kylo’s mom told him that Hux went by his last name, never his first. That made him wonder, but he never questioned it. He was also told he sometimes stayed after school, in the library. The one place he never went to. Kylo sighed. He had to try. Besides, Hux had intrigued him, a bit. Kylo would never admit it though. Kylo walked into the library. He instantly thought of leaving, but he had to keep his ‘promise’, more like deal. The ginger was sitting alone at a table. He still wondered why Hux stayed after school in the dreaded school library. Kylo went into a row of books and peered through the books. He felt like a stalker. He should really just leave, but he couldn’t. His mother would pester him. _____________ Hux sat alone, unwilling to go back to his home. He already knew his father was angry, he just knew. He was… Scared. His father was violent when he got angry. Hux felt eyes on him. He glanced up, and spotted an ebony hair coloured male. Kylo… Ren? The principal's son. Hux sighed. Kylo seemed to notice and quickly tried to slip away. “Hey. What are you doing?” Hux said aloud. He heard the other person sigh and came out of hiding. “Hi. I am… Looking for books.” Kylo replied, looking a tad bit too nervous. “So, you like romance novels?” Hux smirked with his comment. Kylo regretted his decision of saying he looking for books. Kylo saw the smirk on Hux’s face and he grimaced. Who knew he would be so smug? Kylo knew he wouldn’t let the red head beat him. “Oh, yes. I absolutely love romance.” It was Kylo’s turn to smirk. Hux blinked at his unexpected retort. “Hm. I guess I can’t judge.” Hux felt his phone buzz in his pocket, and he tensed for a second. He knew Kylo noticed his tension. “Anything wrong?” Kylo asked, not caring if it was his business or not. “N-nothing. We haven’t exchanged names, mine is Hux. What is yours?” Hux brushed off the question like dust from a table. “Kylo, Kylo Ren.” Hux stuck out his hand, waiting for Kylo to take it. Kylo hesitated, but he took it. “See you around.” Hux forced the words from his mouth and hurried from the room. Hux was not alright, Kylo knew that. But one thought stuck to his mind. Why was he so fucking formal? Notes: I hope you enjoyed this chapter! I already enjoy writing this, and I hope you enjoy reading it. Also, i must thank my beta, spell correct. Chapter 3 : What Happens At Home Notes: I wrote this in school when I was supposed to be working. ARE YOU PROUD? “Where the hell have you been?” Hux’s father yelled. Hux was standing in the doorway. He smelt the strong smell of smoke and alcohol. “I was at the s-school library, sir.” Hux was shaking. His father was drunk. He was never drunk before Hux’s mother died. Now, nearly everyday, Hux’s father was in a drunken rage, always trying to punish Hux in one way or another. “Were you with your gay friends?” Brendol Hux senior always insulted Phasma. “No, no. I wasn’t, I do not have friends.” Hux’s father grunted, his face red. “You better not.” Hux thought he could leave, but his father blocked his way, “where the hell do you think you’re going?” His father towered over the short teen. “To my room, sir.” With that, Hux left to his room. “Oh Millicent, where did things go wrong?” Bendol sat at his desk, his orange tabby cat lying atop of his legs. Millicent only purred in response. Hux loved his cat. Millicent was the only being around him that listened to him, even if she was a cat. Hux got done every piece of work that needed to be done. His father used to check his work to see what he did right and wrong. Hux sighed. ‘Things will never go back.’ His thoughts were sullen. Hux checked his phone, seeing what the time was. 11:34 PM. He rubbed his eyes, changed into night clothes, and hurried off to bed. He turned his alarm on before sleeping, though. _____________ 12:56. Kylo was still up, staring at the ceiling. He never went to bed early, usually at around 1-1:30 in the morning. That’s what caused his dark circles and messy hair every morning. He always woke up late, sometimes an hour late. School started at 10:00 AM, his usual wake up time was 9:30 AM. Kylo finally turned off the light, and slept in his clothes. 1:00 AM. “Ben! Wake up, you’re going to be late! Your mother is waiting for you!” Kylo’s father yelled at him to get up, a morning ritual. It was 9:15 AM. Too early. Kylo tried to ignore Han, and covered his face in the covers. Then he felt them being roughly pulled off of him. “Up! Go! I don’t want another tardy in that gradebook!” Kylo finally got up, sluggishly putting on a new shirt. He was glad his school didn’t have uniforms that were required. _________ A merciless beeping rang through Hux’s ears. 6:30 AM. Hux always woke up at that time. Never any later. He had been taught to do so, for that was the time his father woke up when he was in the military. Hux got up and put on a black long sleeve, black pants, and his boots. He also threw a long black jacket over his shoulders. Hux stepped into the bathroom. He looked at his reflection in the mirror. His usually combed red hair was a mess. His cat, Millicent, slicked up next to him. Hux broke his emotionless features with a smile. “Morning, Millie.” Millicent hopped up to the countertop, waiting to be pet. Hux combed back his hair and when he was done, he gave Millie what she wanted. “I have to go. I will see you after school, father.” Hux stood in the entry hall. His father only grunted in response from his seat in the kitchen. Hux hurried off, walking down the pavement. It was 7:25. _________ Kylo Ren sat miserably in his first class, which was english. He sat in the back everyday, nothing different. Except, he noticed a red head. ‘When the hell did he join this class?’ Kylo thought to himself. ‘Oh yeah, he has always been in this class.’ Five months into school and he never noticed Hux. How pathetic. Hux was really noticeable. Red hair, uniform type clothes, formal. He stuck out like a sore thumb in this school full of idiot students and teachers. Well, to Kylo, they were idiots. Class had started. The teacher, Mr. Skywalker, was talking about something Kylo didn’t care about. He heard that voice so often that he knew how to ignore it. A question was asked, Hux raised his hand. Typical, he knew the answer to everything. After what seemed like an eternity, the bell that dismissed them rang. Hux stood, and quickly went out. Kylo followed. “Hey, Hux.” Kylo tried to get Hux’s attention. The ginger stopped, and turned. “What is it, Ren?” Hux said, devoid of emotion in his voice. “Oh, uh. Just saying… Hi.” Kylo got awkward, a lot of people just ignored him. “Oh. Well, hello.” Hux nodded and left. Kylo felt like it would take a lot to try and befriend this kid. _____________ Hux went to swim practice. He changed from his school attire to his swim shorts. He grabbed his goggles, red and black for team pride, and wrapped them around his wrist. He wetted his hair and went to the deck. The lane lines and flags were being set up. People greeted him, and he just nodded in response. Once everything was set up, he told them what to do. “I want everyone to do ten one-hundreds on the minute, fifteen second interval! If you do not make at least five of the ten, I will have everyone start over! I will be counting! Leave when it is on the sixty!” Hux always got people to listen with his commanding voice. One by one, everyone left, sprinting to make the interval. Hux was actually counting, seeing who made it and who didn’t. He wasn’t surprised when everyone made at least five of the ten. They knew he went with his threats. After a two hour practice, which started at three in afternoon, everyone was ready to get home. Hux got himself ready to walk home. Hux started quickly, running every time he had to cross a busy street. After about fifteen minutes, Hux made it home, slipping through the door. He always dried his hair off before even walking. “Brendol, is that you?” Hux’s father yelled from the upstairs. “Yes, father.” Hux walked up the stairs, “how was school?” Hux stopped, confused. His father never asked these sort of questions. “It was fine, like it usually is. How was your day?” Hux tried to keep the conversation going. His father sat in a recliner chair in their living room. “Mine? Oh, I just stayed here all day, I had a day off from work.” Hux nodded, saying he needed to get homework done. ‘That was weird, usually he is in a rage when I get home this late.’ Hux thought to himself. Hux threw his bag over against a wall, causing Millicent to jump from her spot on his bed. “Hello, Millie.” Hux sat at his desk. Like usual, Millicent joined him. Hux wrote down his answers onto the science homework, then his english, and lastly his math. Hux checked the clock, 6:45. It was time for dinner. Hux opened his door, his cat following. Hux usually made dinner, but that wasn’t the case tonight. His father was cooking. Hux filled Millicent’s bowl with food, standing up to put the bag away. “What is for dinner, father?” Hux asked, still putting the bag into a cupboard. “Well, I am making bowtie pasta with a cream based sauce.” Hux’s father answered. Hux was very confused. ____________ “Ben! Dinner!” Kylo’s mother yelled from the kitchen. Kylo sat up from his bed and went down stairs. The table was lined with plates of food. Steak. “Hope you like steak, Benny.” Han joked, well attempted joking. Kylo sat down, muttering a thank you. They ate in silence. “So, how was school?” Leia asked her son. “Fine.” Kylo answered quickly. “Did you talk to that boy?” Leia went straight to the point. “Yeah… A bit.” Leia smiled “Good.” After a few more minutes of silence, Kylo stood up, saying thank you again. He put his dish in the sink, rinsing it before setting it beside the sink. Kylo went back to his room. He stayed in there the rest of the night. He genuinely just didn’t want to be around people at the moment. Chapter 4 : First Actual Coversation Summary: Kylo gets Hux to talk. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo decided it would be a ‘good’ idea to try and make his mom happy by having an actual conversation with Hux. But how would he do that? “Hey, I have to try and be friends with you because my mom wants me to”? No, that was a stupid idea. Kylo mentally kicked himself for it. Kylo stood in the hallway. It was his lunch hour. He decided to try and find Hux and sit with him. That was if Hux actually ate his lunch in the dreaded hell hole of the cafeteria. Kylo walked in, scanning the tables. Then he saw a lone figure at a table in the corner. Said figure just so happened to have ginger hair. Kylo sighed. He had no idea if this was a good idea. Kylo sat down at the table Hux was at and muttered a hello. Hux glanced up. “Ren. Usually no one sits with me.” Hux was a calm, his voice reflected that. “Well, today is not that day.” Kylo answered. Hux raised an eyebrow. “You seem to want to talk to me more. May I ask why?” Hux asked. “Because…” My mom wants me to make friends with you, “ I saw you at a swim meet.” Hux stopped. “What did you say?” Hux sounded a lesser amount of calm. “I said I saw you at a swim meet.” Hux did not look happy. “Ren, you are the only one in this school, other than a friend of mine, who knows about me being on the swim team.” Kylo was confused, “why do you want to keep it secret?” Hux sighed. “I barely even know you, yet I want to tell you.” Kylo raised an eyebrow. “My father finds that swimming is a ‘gay’ sport. He thinks that I would have turned gay if I kept on with the sport. He tried to take me off the team, but I never was removed. So, I continue to go to practice without his knowing. If he finds out, he’ll be pissed off at me.” Kylo thought for a minute. Did the boy who never talks just tell him all that? “Wow… I-I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have asked. I just found your skill so… amazing that I had to ask.” Kylo sighed. He really shouldn’t have asked. Hux interrupted Kylo’s thoughts. “No… It is fine, Ren. I needed to tell someone that. But, now that you know, you can not tell anyone. Please.” Hux spoke quietly. “And what if I tell?” Kylo asked a stupid question. “Then I will force your jaw shut for the rest of your life, Ren.” Hux spoke so seriously that Kylo was afraid he would do that. “Wait, who is that other friend you were talking about?” Kylo kept track of how many stupid questions he was asking. “Her name is Phasma. No, she is not my girlfriend. She is the captain of the archery club.” Hux was looking at a book. “She has practice with the members of the club today at lunch and after school. She made the schedule.” Hux seemingly was able to read Kylo’s mind. “Well, seems like I am taking Phasma’s place, aren’t I?” Kylo was getting awkward again. This was the longest conversation he has ever held with someone despite his parents. “Well, Ren, this was a very interesting lunch hour-” Kylo interrupted Hux, “Kylo, call me Kylo.” Hux sat there dazed a bit. “Kylo.” Hux said that like a question. “Do you have a first name, General Hux?” Hux’s face reddened a bit. “I would tell you, then I would have to kill you.” Hux stared straight at Kylo. “Well, I’d rather not be murdered, so…” Hux smirked. “Did you know you ask a lot of dumb questions?” Kylo smiled, “I was keeping track.” Kylo took a forkful of food and ate whatever he grabbed from the line. “So, you eat nachos with a fork?” Kylo heard Hux’s voice heavy with sarcasm. “Yep, just the way I like it.” Kylo said, sending sarcasm back. Hux hummed a reply. “You know, we’re becoming acquainted, um, could I have your number?” Kylo didn’t know if this counted as a stupid question. “Uh… Sure? I guess, let me see your arm.” Hux pulled out a marker and wrote the numbers on Kylo’s thin arm. “Well, see you later?” The bell rang as Hux spoke. “Yeah, see you later, General.” Kylo said the title the other members of Hux’s team gave him. Hux’s face visibly reddened. “Re- Kylo.” With that said, Hux wandered off into the hallway. Kylo could go home knowing he accomplished something. School had ended, Kylo was walking towards the office. The daily routine happened, knocking, walking inside, questions, and sitting down. “So, Ben, did you talk to Hux today?” Leia got straight to the point. “Actually, I did. And I got his phone number.” Kylo raised his arm, smiling like someone who just got the hottest persons number. “Oh, well, I’m happy Ben.” Leia smiled back at her son. “I have a meeting, Ben, so I have to leave. I’ll be back in a little while.” Leia stood from behind her desk and left the room. Kylo took out his phone and decided to text Hux. To Hux: 2:47 PM. Hey there, General. What ya doin? Kylo waited for a reply. From Hux: 2:51 PM. I am at practice, what is it you want, Kylo? To Hux: 2:52 PM. Just wanted to say hi. Hi. From Hux: 2:54 PM. Oh, well, hi. I have to go, talk to you later. Notes: Again, I wrote this during school. But I had my work done. Chapter 5 : Awkward Summary: Things get awkward Notes: Hello. I have to say, the beginning of this chapter is dark, but it gets funny I swear. Hux was having a nightmare. His father stood in front of him, towering over the small boy. Hux was ten-years-old, his mother dying two years before. Hux was afraid, very afraid. Even though it was a dream, Hux was able to smell the smoke and alcohol coming off of his father. His father yelled more, eventually raising his hand and hitting the boy. Hux knew he had screamed in pain. At his young age, Hux wasn’t as tolerant to pain. Brendol was crying. His father yelling more and more. Brendol woke with a start. He was visibly shaking. What he didn’t know is that he screamed in his sleep. Millicent came to comfort him. Liquid stung his eyes. He was crying. He saw his door open and a voice whispered. “Brendol? Are you alright?” It was his father. “Yes, s-sir. I am… fine.” Hux’s voice still wavered. “Don’t lie, you’re not fine. Tell me, what happened?” Brendol Hux Senior stepped closer to Hux’s bed. “A nightmare. That was all.” Hux tried to sound like it didn’t bother him, but it did. “Do you want to talk about it?” The older man’s voice was soft, too soft for Hux’s liking. “Maybe tomorrow, when I feel better than I do know, sir.” Hux’s father nodded, and stood from the bed. “Alright. Goodnight.” His father stepped from the room. Hux looked at the time. 2:15 AM. His alarm was going to off soon. Hux forced his eyes shut, trying to sleep. Hux dressed. It was the time he had to wake up from his night of no sleep. Every hour he woke up. Sometimes he woke up from a brief memory of his father, others of sad memories of his mother. His mother was beautiful. Red hair like his own, tall, green eyes with blue flakes scattered through them. What people didn’t know is how she died. Hux was there, at the age of eight. They were driving. His father was at work, still in the military. Hux was sitting in the back, in the middle seat. His mother always told him to sit in the middle. Hux never understood why, but now he knew. They were laughing at something Hux had said. They stopped at the red light, waiting for it turn green. When it did, they slowly made their way forward. Then a black truck came from their right. It hit the car with enough force to knock them on their side. He and his mother screamed. They had a small car, which was unfortunate. His mother’s head hit the top of the dented hood. A piece of metal punctured her head. The car stopped rolling, and Hux was crying. “Mommy! Mommy! Wake up!” Hux snapped out of his memory. He knew tears were on the verge of falling, but he blinked them away. Hux went downstairs. He made himself breakfast, filling Millicent’s bowl as well. His father came downstairs, “morning, Brendol.” Hux nodded. “Good morning, sir.” Hux knew he looked miserable with the little sleep he got. “How did you sleep, son?” Hux’s father seemed very talkative this morning. “Not very well.” He knew his father would see through his lie if he lied to him. “Why? Was it from the nightmare you had?” Hux froze a bit. “Somewhat. I continued to wake up every hour since I had that dream. I don’t remember what it was about though, sir.” Hux ate his breakfast with his father, the rest of the meal being eaten in silence. When Hux was finished, he went upstairs to clean himself up before leaving. “I am leaving, father. I will see you after school and work.” Hux closed the front door as he left. It was 7:00 AM. Hux had work after school because today had no swim practice. Practice was every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Hux worked the days he didn’t have practice. Hux worked at a store as the manager. It was a minor store, not a widely known one. There were few employees, so he didn’t have to snap at people that much. He knew he didn’t want to be a store owner ever in his life. ____________________ “Kylo! Wait up!” Kylo’s cousin, Rey, ran after him. Kylo kept walking. Trailing her were two boys. One was named Finn and the other Poe. Finn had dark skin. From what Kylo heard, Rey had met them when she had to go the office. She had started school at the beginning of the year. Finn and Poe shared a glance. Everyone, even Kylo, knew that they liked each other. Kylo quotes himself, “those two idiots should just kiss already.” Rey undoubtedly agreed. “Hey! Kylo! How are you?” Rey continued to talk even though Kylo only gave her grunts in response. She was energetic, he was not. “Hey, I saw you talking to someone. I have to admit, he is pretty damn attractive.” That caught Kylo’s attention. His face burned. “Rey. Stop talking, please.” Kylo had to admit Hux was attractive. “Oh, do you have a crush?” “Rey!” If it could, Kylo’s face would have reddened more. “Oh! Kylo has a crush?” Poe joined in the conversation. “Yeah! Who is it?” Kylo didn’t even argue. “Some kid named… Hux?” Rey questioned, looking at Kylo for reassurance. Kylo looked at her, forgetting about his red face. “Kylo, your face is red.” Kylo should have slept in. He decided to wake up at 7:00. “Hey look! Isn’t that him?” Rey was pointing at a boy walking a few metres in front of them. Kylo looked up at him, noticing the red hair. “It is! Kylo is staring.” Kylo started walking faster, away from his cousin and her weird friends. “Go get ‘em!” “H-hey.” Kylo sped-walked up to Hux. “Oh, hello Ren. I haven’t seen you walk before.” Kylo was sure his face was still red. “Yeah, I woke up early today.” Kylo glanced behind his shoulder. He saw Rey and her friends messing around. Hux looked behind as well. “Do you know… them?” Kylo instantly started shaking his head. “Nope, never.” He saw Hux smirk. “Sure. Explains why I saw you walking with them.” Kylo hated Hux’s smirk. “I hate you.” Kylo could hide the smile he was trying to hold back. “If you hated me, why are you still speaking to me?” Hux faced forward again. “I don’t know. Also, why are you so formal?” Kylo had to ask. Hux sighed, “my father was military. He taught me to be ‘formal’.” Hux used his finger for air quotations. “Oh.” That was the only thing Kylo said. “Kiss him, Kylo!” Rey yelled from behind them. Hux and Kylo both stopped in place. Kylo spun around on his heel. “What the fuck Rey!” Rey started laughing. Both Finn and Poe joined in. Kylo’s face felt warm again. He glanced at Hux. Hux was pale, so it was easy to notice if he was blushing. He was. His face was really red. “I already despise her.” Hux said flatly. Kylo snorted, “I know how you feel.” Hux cracked a brief smile. “Can we just keep walking away from your weird friends?” Kylo nodded. “I have to ask, why did she yell that?” Hux broke the silence that hung between them. “She… thinks I have a crush on you.” Kylo spoke quickly. “She does? Did you deny it? Or even support her theory?” Kylo was confused. “Well, I didn’t do either, I just didn’t answer.” Kylo sighed. “That doesn’t help. Now she thinks you do.” Hux kept talking. “What if I do? I still wouldn’t say anything.” Kylo’s eyes widened when he realised what he said. “I didn’t say anything.” Kylo was still walking, Hux wasn’t. “What do you mean by ‘what if I do?’” Kylo flung his arms in the air, “I don’t know! I just said stuff!” The ginger started walking again, stopping in front of Kylo when he made it to him. “You just said stuff? Not a good answer Ren.” Hux noticed Rey down the pavement behind them. She was acting out a kiss. Hux stopped looking. Kylo turned around, he whipped it back around. “Can we just keep walking? I wanna-” Kylo was cut off. Hux put his hand up. “Kylo, if you are not going to give me a reason why you said what you said, I will force it out of you.” Kylo swallowed. “Nope, gonna walk, they are getting closer.” Kylo started walking. “Shit! I’ll follow. This isn’t over though, Ren.” “I told to call me Kylo.” Hux paused. “Kylo. Fine, Kylo.” The ginger sighed. “What if I did like you?” Kylo abruptly asked. “I don’t know… I would probably figure it out…” Kylo smirked. “Why are you so awkward?” Hu glared. “I am not awkward.” Kylo evilly smiled. “Yes, you are. Why?” Hux was red again. “I don’t know! When people say things like that around me I get awkward.” Kylo internally celebrated. He got Hux to answer something. “Don’t worry, I do that all the time.” Hux looked up in question, “sure Ren. Why aren’t you doing it right now?” Kylo shrugged. “Because you haven’t said anything that I have.” “I fucking hate you.” Hux said flat. “I love you too.” Kylo snickered. Hux kicked him in the leg. Kylo shut up. “We should get to school.” Chapter 6 : House of Memories Summary: Hux goes to a party with Kylo. Notes: Get the reference? Heheheh, I'm lonely. Hux stood in front of his english class. He had to give a speech that was influential to people. He thought his teacher was crazy, making him stand up on his own. Other people wrote speeches, but it was always him that went first and he was the only one. Hux sighed. He memorised his speech. He said that he made a speech about if there was an inter-galactic war, and a giant weapon used to destroy planets. Hux stood rigid. He saw Kylo actually paying attention to class this time. Hux started to talk, loud and clear. “Today is the end of the Republic. The end of a regime that acquiesces to disorder. At this very moment in a system far from here, the New Republic lies to the galaxy while secretly supporting the treachery of the rogues of the Resistance. “This fierce machine which you have built, upon which we stand will bring an end to the Senate, to their cherished fleet. All remaining systems will bow to the First Order and will remember this as the last day of the Republic!” Hux stopped talking. Everyone was quiet. Hux broke the silence, “can I go sit down now, sir?” Mr. Skywalker slowly clapped while nodding. Hux saw Kylo start clapping as well. “Very influential, now I feel like blowing up a planet.” Kylo said that without any sarcasm. Though, Kylo smirked. Hux rolled his eyes and he sat down. Hux muttered something under his breath. ___________ “Mr. Hux, can I speak to you?” Mr. Skywalker spoke up from behind his desk. “Yes sir, what is it?” Hux stood beside the desk. “Your speech was, original. I have never heard one so well written. Where did you get your idea?” Mr. Skywalker pressed on with questions. “I got my idea from my father. He was the designer for weaponry in the military. He taught me the basic mechanics of machines. I started designing these types of things before.” His teacher nodded. “Interesting. Thank you for answering my questions.” Hux nodded and took that as his leave. Hux opened a thick book filled with designs in the hallway as he walked. He sighed. It showed everything he had learned from his father. He looked at a circular design. He designed a circular ship that had concepts that some mechanical engineers didn’t even know. He made it a giant weapon. Hux shut the book. He didn’t need that in his life at the moment. The bell rang as Hux sat down at his desk in math class. Today they had to learn something Hux already knew well. Someone put a note on his desk. They motioned for him to open it. His math teacher was at his desk. The class was given a worksheet that Hux already finished. He glanced at them in question. Hux opened the folded piece of paper. It had neatly written words on it. The note read something simple. ‘ Hey, there is a party at someone’s house. Kylo wanted to me to ask you if you want to go.’ Hux felt his face heat up. Kylo wanted him to go to a party? He heard a giggle. He looked up and realised who it was. It was that girl who was walking behind Kylo and him. “Did he actually ask that?” Hux whispered. The girl pulled out her phone and showed him a text that showed it was true. Hux was even more red. ____________ “Kylo, why did you ask that girl to invite me to a party?” Hux quickly got to the point. It was lunch hour. Kylo shrugged. “I would just like you to come with.” Hux sighed. “What day is it? The party.” Hux asked. Kylo seemed confused, “saturday. Are you gonna go?” Hux simply nodded. “Sweet!” Kylo covered his mouth. “I am not happy, what are you talking about.” Hux smirked. ____________________ Hux sighed as he waited. He was going to walk with Kylo to the stupid party he agreed to go to. His father for some reason allowed him to go. Hux was very confused as to what has got into his father. Hux heard yelling. “Hux! Over here!” Kylo was waving at Hux. He noticed he had that girl and her friends with him. Hux walked over to them. “Why is the girl with you?” Hux questioned, raising his eyebrow. Or whatever he had of his invisible eyebrow. “She’s my cousin. Just, get used to her.” Hux rolled his eyes. “Well, let us start walking!” rey seemed way too happy. __________________ Hux and the others stood outside the loud house. He already heard music. Hux sighed. “Why did I agree to this?” Kylo heard him, “because, I am so influential.” Hux snorted. Hux already made up his mind, he wasn’t going to drink enough to get drunk. Just one drink. Hux stepped into the doorframe of the house. He already saw people dancing, drinking, and everything else. “Hey, Huxy! I didn’t know you were coming.” hux heard a voice from behind him, “Phasma.” His friend smirked. “Who are you with?” Hux gestured to Kylo who was a few paces behind him. “Ohhh, found a boyfriend, Huxy?” Hux reddened. “No. Are you drunk?” Phasma giggled. “A little.” Hux checked the time, 9:23 PM. Phasma kept giggling. “Go sit down, Phasma.” Phasma faked a salute and said very loudly, “yes, sir!” Kylo came from behind Hux with two drinks. “Hey, who was that?” Kylo practically yelled. “Just a friend.” Kylo offered the drink, which Hux took from his hand. “Just one drink, Kylo. I am having no more after that.” Kylo nodded at Hux’s request. “Whatever you say, General.” Hux glared, Kylo just smirked. After just a few hours, Kylo was drunk. Very drunk. “Hux! I really like your hair. It is so fluffy.” Kylo was messing with Hux’s hair. “Thanks, Kylo. Now stop it.” Kylo giggled. Earlier Hux found Phasma passed out on the floor. Hux stayed with his one drink. “Also, you have really pretty eyes. Blue eyes with red hair, isn’t that a rare genetic combination thingy?” Kylo kept talking. “Yes, it is a rare genetic combination. Now please be quiet Kylo.” Kylo kept slurring out words that Hux didn’t understand. “I really like you, Hux. Like, I really like you. Not as a friend. Do you know what I mean?” Hux froze. Did Kylo just say that? No, it was a lie. Kylo was drunk. Hux had only known him for what, a month? “I like you too, Kylo, not be quiet.” Kylo smiled at Hux’s attempt to shut Kylo up. “You do! I knew it! I knew it, I knew it.” Hux visibly cringed. Kylo reached over in his drunken state and grabbed Hux’s face. Hux jumped. Kylo pressed his mouth to Hux’s. For what Hux knew, all the somewhat sober people were staring. A camera flash. Rey. Hux’s eyes were still open wide. He then heard laughing and fast paced steps. Kylo finally pulled away, his face red. Ren may have been red, but Hux was glowing. “R-Ren, why did you do that?” Hux stammered. “I thought you liked me, so I kissed you.” Kylo let go of Hux’s face. Hux stared blankly. The music was still loud, but Hux seemed not to hear it at all. Kylo looked away, embarrassed. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t-” Kylo was cut off. Hux decided to say ‘fuck you’ to his logical mind. He made the great decision to kiss Kylo back. Tonight was a night full of memories and drunk people. Kylo was surprised, but he quickly shook it off and kissed the ginger. Hux pulled away, “I like you, you damned idiot.” Kylo was back to giggling like a madman. Hux didn’t regret anything he did though. ____________ Morning came. Hux was sleeping on the couch. He never intended on staying the night, but he did. Hux started to move. Someone’s arm was on his chest. Kylo’s. ‘Shit.’ Was the first thing Hux thought. The memories flooded back to him. He kissed the idiot. Hux pinched the bridge of his nose. This was the house of memories. Chapter 7 : Hangover Summary: Kylo gets a somewhat hangover. Notes: If you get the reference to a drawing, I like you. Also, miaow. Still no beta, just spell check. Kylo woke up reluctantly. He was lying on a couch. He had no memory of how he got here. ‘Oh yeah, there was a party.’ Kylo leaned on his arm as he sat up. He glanced around, looking for someone he knew. He remembered one thing, he had brought Hux with him. “Where is Hux?” Kylo spoke out-loud. Then he saw ginger hair walking out of a bathroom. Kylo felt sick, he needed that bathroom. After a few minutes, Kylo came out of the bathroom. “Are you alright?” Hux spoke with an accent. Did Hux always have an irish accent? “Yeah, fine, fine. I am just fine.” Kylo shrugged off his sickness. Hux started walking to the door, “you coming?” The redhead glanced over his shoulder. “Yeah! Yeah, I am.” As Hux opened the door, Rey came from behind. “Hey you two, how was last night?” Rey nudged Hux with her elbow, causing him to redden. “Rey, shouldn’t you not be annoying?” Kylo wasn’t making sense, but he spoke anyway. “Oh, you don’t remember?” Rey pulled out her phone, quickly moving around her thumb. She grinned evilly as she held it up. Hux stiffened, “jog your memory?” Kylo stared at the picture. It was of Hux and Kylo kissing. Hux hid his face in his hands, muttering something. “Did I drunk kiss you, Hux?” The ginger looked at him, “well, you did. Then I kissed you as well, and I wasn’t drunk. I’m gonna go now.” Hux sped toward the door. Kylo walked after him. “Hux! Wait, please understand.” Kylo grabbed his sleeve. They were on the pavement, Rey was still in the house. She was most likely looking for Poe and Finn. “What did I say to you?” Kylo questioned. “You said you liked me, I said I liked you back. You kissed me, then I kissed you.” Hux was talking very fast. “Well, do you like me?” Hux stared at Kylo, “does this say enough?” Hux leaned in, going on his toes to reach higher. Kylo stood rigid as Hux met his mouth with the taller boy’s. Kylo snapped from his confusion and held the ginger closer by his waist. When they finally pulled away from each other, realising they needed to breathe. “That says enough.” Kylo smiled, and genuine one and not just a smirk. Hux returned it. “I’m glad it does.” They leaned back in, then the two heard a screech. “What the fuck was that?” Kylo turned his head to the door of the house. Rey, always Rey. She yelled incoherent words. Kylo grabbed Hux’s hand and clearly told him, “run while you can!” Hux yelped as he was pulled. ‘Damn it Kylo!” He yelled, but ran with him anyways. Rey never even tried to chase them. Kylo stopped running, Hux stopping abruptly behind him. Kylo started to smile, Hux was laughing. “I don’t think I have seen you genuinely laugh before, Hux.” The ginger glanced at him, still smiling. “Brendol, my name is Brendol.” Kylo was confused, “you are seriously telling me your real name?” Kylo tilted his head. “Yes, I am, you idiot. Hey, do you want to come over my house? My father will be at work.” Hux smirked. Kylo returned it, “sure.” Hux led Kylo off in the direction of his home. “This got sexual very quickly.” Kylo said. Hux glared at him, “shut it, Kylo.” Kylo smirked. The two walked up to the door, “wait, quick question. Aren’t you supposed to be hungover? You drank a lot.” Hux raised an eyebrow in question. “Nope, I didn’t drink enough to be too hungover.” “Millie?” Hux walked through the front door. “Millie? Who the hell is that? Nope, nevermind. Millie is a cat.” Hux picked up the ginger cat. “Her full name is Millicent.” The cat nuzzled up to Hux. Kylo stood in front of Hux, looking down at him and the cat. No words. Kylo leaned down. Millicent put a paw on his lips. She purred. Hux set down the cat, “wanna try that again?” Kylo nodded as he leaned down once more, actually achieving what he wanted to do. Hux didn’t object. Kylo pulled away. “I feel sick, bathroom?” Hux glared at pointed in the direction of the bathroom. Kylo ran off. “Okay, I’m done.” Kylo walked back to the lounge. Hux was sprawled out on the couch, Millicent on his lap. “Though, you may be attractive, that position is not.” Hux glanced up at Kylo, and casually flipped him off. Kylo burst out laughing. Kylo flopped down on the couch next to Hux, looking for a remote to the giant television. Hux had it. On the screen was a show that Kylo never saw before. “What's this?” Kylo asked. “It is a science show about space and spaceships.” Hux glanced at Kylo, stroking his cat. “Oh.” That was all Kylo said. “I know, boring right?” Hux spoke sarcastically, “what? No! It’s not, it’s interesting.” Kylo shrugged. “No one is really interested in what I like usually.” Kylo shook his head. “Not all people, Brendol.” Kylo smiled at the ginger. Hux reddened. “Shut up.” Hux spoke with a smile ghosting his face. Kylo took that as a win. Chapter 8 : Marking Notes: Last day of school for me! Big thank you to everyone who likes and reads this. Hux woke up the next day after spending it with Kylo, and work. It was Monday, the usual wakeup time. Hux drug himself out of bed. The ginger stood in front of the mirror and noticed a mark on his neck. “Shit…” He remembered that Kylo managed to bite at his neck. Hux tried to hide the mark with his collar. Luckily it was low enough that no one would notice. Hux showered before he put every article of clothing on. Hux went down the stairs, light footed. His father was already downstairs, which wasn’t a surprise to Hux anymore. “Morning, Brendol.” Hux nodded, “morning, father.” Hux went to the pantry and pulled out cereal. Hux rarely ate cereal, but today he felt like it. “Brendol,” Hux’s father spoke aloud. “Why is your collar so high?” Hux froze halfway through of chewing. “Uh, no reason. I didn’t realise I had it high.” Hux tugged his collar slightly down, not so far that it revealed bruise. Hux returned to eating. Hux texted Kylo. He asked simply if Kylo wanted to walk with him. Hux waited for a reply. Kylo answered ‘sure’. “Father! I am leaving, I will see you after school and work.” Hux opened the door and snaked through it. Hux waited a minute or two for the taller boy. “Hey, Hux.” Hux jumped at the voice. The ginger was facing away from Kylo. “Oh, hey. Ready to walk?” Kylo nodded at Hux’s question. “Did you like the mark I left on your neck?” Kylo smirked as he spoke. Hux blushed, it being noticeable on his pale skin. Kylo took that as a yes. “I tried to hide it with my collar, but my father got suspicious of why my collar was so high. I was nervous he would figure it out.” Hux laughed a bit at this. “You have been laughing more often. Did you get over your allergy of human emotion?” Kylo earned a shove for that. “Keep walking, you idiot.” The two walked in silence for a bit. Kylo glanced down at the ginger. Kylo grabbed the sleeve near Hux’s hand. Hux noticed this and looked up with blue eyes at Kylo. Brendol took Kylo’s hand into his own. Kylo smiled like the idiot he was. _______________ Today was the second half of the second semester. Hux and Kylo both had Physical Education for third period. The teacher decided to do the one unit everyone hated first. Dancing. “Everyone find a partner, doesn’t matter who.” The gym teacher called out to the sea of students. Hux had to wear a t-shirt that revealed the mark on his neck. Students milled around, picking out friends to be partners. Kylo walked straight up to Hux. The taller boy held out his hand, which Hux took. “Alright! Everyone have a partner? Now, I have one question. Does anyone in here know the box step?” Hux glanced around, no one raised a hand. He sighed and raised his. “Mr. Hux, you know the box step?” The ginger nodded. “Well, let’s hope your partner is a fast learner, you two will be demonstrating.” Hux grabbed Kylo’s arm and forced him to follow. “Why do you have to know everything?” Kylo spoke loud enough for others to hear him. “Because I am trying to do things in my life, Kylo.” Kylo looked nervous. “It’s fine, I am not going to embarrass on purpose. No one else knows how to dance anyway. Now, put your left hand on my waist. Waist! Waist Kylo!” The taller boy finally did as he was told. Eventually they were given the go on. “When I step back, you step forward. I step forward, you step backward. Just follow my lead.” Hux started to step back. Kylo remembered what he was to do. Hux side stepped, and closed his legs. Kylo did the same. “See? Not so hard.” Kylo ghosted a smile. “Now! Everyone else to what Hux and Kylo are doing!” The other students shuffled around. “Now, just for show, I am going to turn us. Okay?” Kylo nodded. Hux started the turn, Kylo trying to follow. “You are such a show off.” Kylo muttered. “It’s my legacy.” Hux spoke sarcastically. After who knows how long, Hux and the others were dismissed to redress. Hux was removing the t-shirt he had when someone came up to him. “Where did you get that hickey, your boyfriend?” Hux stopped and glared at the boy. “Are you going to answer me, fag?” That’s when Kylo walked over. “Why are you insulting him? Did he do anything to you?” Kylo snapped. “Yeah, he did. He’s a fag, that is what he did.” Hux could see the anger in Kylo’s eyes. Hux was contemplating his actions. It had been a long time since Hux fought someone. Kylo had already made up his mind. All Hux saw was Kylo elbow the boy in the temple. He wasn’t up and moving after that. “I hate people like that.” Hux nodded in agreement to Kylo’s comment. “It’s a good thing he doesn’t know our names.” Hux pinched the bridge of his nose. “He knows what you look like.” Kylo shrugged, “whatever. It was in defense. Also, you’re still shirtless.” Hux looked down out his naked chest. “Thanks, I thought I had my shirt on.” Hux’s voice was thick with sarcasm. Kylo bent down a bit, “put on your shirt before I take advantage of the situation.” Hux went visibly red. Hux and Kylo split for fourth period. “See you at lunch, Huxy.” Hux rolled his eyes. Fourth period was science for Hux. It was the one class he had with Phasma. “Hey.” Phasma spoke up as Hux sat down next to her. “Hey, Phasma.” He noticed her eyes trailing his neck. “Is that a bruise I see?” Phasma poked the marking. Hux stopped, “uh. It’s nothing.” Hux tried to pull a lie. He wasn’t very good at it. “You are not very good at lying. Truth, now before I yell you have a hickey.” Hux knew that she would do that. “Fine! You know… Kylo. Well, he gave me… the mark on my neck.” Phasma started to giggle, “I fucking knew it! I knew it was from him! Did you guys, you know?” Hux was confused, then understood. “No! No! No, we didn’t. Stop with the sexual things.” Eventually class started, but Phasma kept pestering Hux. Hux wanted to hide from Phasma. “Phasma, you must promise me you will not say anything about this, okay?” Phasma nodded, “I promise.” She kept the smile on her face. After class, Hux went off to lunch, Phasma following. “I don’t have them practicing today, so I am hanging with you.” Hux didn’t object to her command. Hux scanned around for Kylo. He found him at the usual table. Hux slid down into a seat, “hey.” Kylo glanced up, a smile showing. “Hey. Who is with you?” Kylo gestured to Phasma. “Phasma, I’m Phasma.” The blond girl held out her hand to Kylo. Kylo took it in his own. “So, I guess you two are a thing now, eh?” Phasma gestured to Hux and Kylo. “Um, I-” Hux tried to speak, but Kylo cut him off. “Yeah, we are.” Hux shut his mouth. Phasma grinned, “I was hoping so. Hux has been lonely most of his life, up until I joined the party.” Hux rolled his eyes. “Now you have a friend and a boyfriend.” Phasma giggled. Hux was defiant, he sat rigid next to Kylo. Kylo was smiling. “The school is going to want to know, you guys realise that?” Hux looked at Phasma. “No, they won’t. I know it. Most of them hate gays anyway…” Phasma sighed. “Well, just know, if they try to make fun of you two I’ll kick their ass. Okay?” Kylo nodded, “I can too.” Hux laughed a bit. “You proved that earlier.” It was the end of school. Hux was walking with Kylo down the long stretch of pavement. After who knows how long, the two reached Hux’s house. “So, see you later?” Kylo asked looked down at the ginger. “Yeah, I guess.” Kylo leaned down a bit and pecked Hux’s lips. “Is that what couples do?” Hux smirked, “shut the hell up and kiss me, you idiot.” Hux put his hand behind Kylo’s neck and put his mouth on Kylo’s. The taller boy didn’t object to the movement. Hux pulled away and removed his hand from Kylo’s neck. “See you later.” Hux walked up towards the front door. Kylo stood and watched. How did he get himself into this? Chapter 9 : Fear Summary: Hux's father finds out the hard way. Notes: Sorry for the wait! I went on vacation out of country. Well, here it is! Hux woke up early on a Saturday morning for one reason only. A swim meet. He told Kylo about it, where it was, and what time it started. He hoped a bit that Kylo would be there. Hux’s father worked on Saturdays, the usual. Hux packed his bag, put his clothes on and left. “Hux! You made it in time, now get ready for warming up. You have five minutes!” The coach of the team yelled at Hux. The ginger nodded sharply and disappeared into the locker room. After a few minutes, Hux came out in his swim gear, his black goggles hanging off his wrist like a bracelet. He glanced into the stands to see a familiar face. Not one he was expecting. His father was here. Hux visibly froze up. His father saw him and waved, Hux forced a wave back. Hux turned away and walked towards the pool. He told all the competitors to line up behind two starting blocks. “We will practising starts. I will tell you when to go!” Hux yelled out the words, ‘on your mark, go!’ for every person. His coach was talking with the volunteers for the meet. Hux again glanced at the stands, seeing his father every time. Eventually he saw Kylo enter the stands. It was Hux’s turn to do a start. The ginger stepped up onto the thin slate, waiting. He heard words that were so familiar he already knew what they were without hearing them. Then a yell. “Brendol!” Hux snapped his head up. It was the voice of his father. His father was walking up to him. Hux stepped down off the starting block. “What the hell are you doing?” His father was up in his face. “I am swimming.” Hux spoke coolly. “In this faggot sport? I thought I told you not to.” His father spat in his face. “Faggot sport? Huh, I guess I am not helping based off what you don’t know.” His father looked confused. “Faggot sport is a stereotype of swimming that I am enforcing.” His father caught on. “You’re gay? What a disgrace.” With those words, Hux broke. “Disgrace? Yes, I am a disgrace. That is the reason I hid it from you. All you are is just a drunk man who hates everything. A man who discards his own son who saw his own mother die! And you call me a disgrace?” Hux paused, “you speak bravely, father. For you, my good sir, have lost your only son and family left.” Hux felt sharp pain branch across his face. “I don’t mind losing you, nor did I mind losing your mother.” Hux saw his father turn away from him. “Go find somewhere to stay tonight. And for the rest of your high school year.” His father spoke so calmly. “Fine, I will.” Hux turned away as well. He knew he just lost something. Another parent was gone. Another figure walked up to him Hux knew who it was. The ginger felt the arms wrap around him, but he didn’t feel the tears streaming down his face. “Brendol, it will be fine. I’m here.” Kylo spoke to him softly. “I hate that man, but I am named after him.” Hux said that with sobs trying to escape. “Go impress everyone in this pool. Beat your own time.” Kylo smiled down at him. “I will. I will. I will do it for you.” Hux smiled back. “I would like that.” Hours passed until Hux’s main event started. “Beat my time. 17.54 seconds, kiss my ass.” Hux felt the fear of facing his father creep up. Adrenalin, fear, wanting, and determination filled him. “On your mark.” Hux bent his body in half, gripping the edge of the slate. The alarm went off to signal the start. Hux pushed his body off the slate, diving into the cold water. Hux kicked his legs hard and fast. He was at the other end of the pool in a short amount of time. Through the black glass of his goggles he saw all the other boys he was racing were all at least three seconds behind him. He touched the wall on the starting end of the pool. He glanced up at the times. 16.38 seconds. He heard his coach yelling at him. He looked at the stands at Kylo. He didn’t see him. Hux climbed out of the water onto the deck. Then he saw him. “Holy shit! You did it. You did it!” Kylo looked like a kid on Christmas. “I did, I did it for you, no one else you idiot.” Hux smiled. Kylo kissed Hux, and the ginger gladly accepted it. He deserved it. Chapter 10 : Games Notes: I have a new addiction, Overwatch. Soldier:76 is the only character that I play as, so I know how he works. Enjoy. “Have you seriously never played a video game? Not even kids computer games?” Kylo was baffled. He just learned that Hux has never played a video game in his life. “Kylo, why is that so appalling to you? I wasn’t allowed to even have those devices in the house. Only thing I had was a phone that my father monitored.” Hux was walking with Kylo back to the taller boy’s house since Hux was just kicked out of his own. “Well, I bought a new game. You are going to play it whether you like it or not.” Kylo pointed at Hux while spoke to the ginger. “Is it violent?” Hux asked. “Yeah,” Kylo replied. “Then I am playing.” Kylo snorted, “what? I have let out anger somehow.” Hux defended his point. “Right.” “‘Overwatch’? What kind of game is that?” Hux held a game case in his hand. Noise from the kitchen overflowed Hux’s senses. “A first person shooter.” Kylo was setting up the game console in the lounge. Kylo had a small television up in his room, but the lounge TV was bigger. “I’ll teach you how to play.” Hux nodded. Before any of that could happen, Leia called out for the boys. “Kylo, Hux! I have dinner ready. Before you sit down, Kylo, could you get your father?” Kylo sighed and nodded. Han was upstairs in his and Leia’s room, on his laptop. Han had headphones on and was seemingly playing a game. “Dad! Dinner is ready… What are you playing?” Kylo walked up to the side of the bed. “I am playing a game where you are a space pirate. Oh, is it dinner? I’ll be down in a minute, now shoo.” Kylo walked out of the room silently. His father was weird. Leia had made tortellini with meat and cheese. Hux looked at it like he had never seen it before. “Have you seriously never eaten this?” Kylo gestured to his plate of food. “Kylo, like I have said before, I lived a military lifestyle. I didn’t get many things. We usually just had food that my… father had when he was a Colonel in the military.” Leia seemed surprised. “Well, I just make anything that you want to try, Hux.” Leia smiled softly at the teen. “I must thank you, Leia. I am sorry you have to deal with another teenager.” Han came down right as Hux said that. “I hope you are better at being on top of grades and shit like that.” Leia glared at her husband. “Why did I marry you again?” Han smirked, “I seriously have no idea.” Hux sat on the chair in front of the TV. “This is how you shoot. Press that down.” Hux did as he was told. The game wasn’t even in the console yet. “There is a tutorial that will help.” Hux nodded. Kylo finally put the game in. Hux figured out how to select the game and the extra things in had. Hux played the tutorial and a game that helped with aiming. “See, not so hard?” Kylo nudged Hux. “So which character are you going to play as in competitive?” Hux thought for a second. “Soldier 76.” Hux chose that character. He noticed all the different characters other people chose. “Seriously? The old man? At least choose the more badass old man, Reaper.” Hux shook his head, “no, I’ll deal with what I have. First time for everything, right?” Kylo watched Hux shoot people left and right. “How the hell did you get so good so quickly?” Hux smirked, “I told you, I needed to take out anger on something.” It showed on the screen that Hux was level one, but he was playing like a higher level played. Eventually the game ended, it being an objective round. It showed he was the MVP of the game. “Damn! I didn’t get that until I actually understood what to do with Reaper.” Kylo noted he mostly played the game on computer, but now they were using Playstation 4. “Hey, wanna see if we can make a custom game against each other?” Hux nodded, “prepare to die.” Kylo added Hux to the list of ‘friends’ he had. Hux made his own account, EvilSpaceGinger. Kylo couldn’t stop laughing at the ridiculous name. “It is better than yours, DarthTantrum.” Hux bit back with the name Han chose for Kylo. “Stop murdering me! I have had this game for longer!” Hux was laughing at Kylo’s struggle to even hit Hux. “You are playing as Reaper, someone who could easily murder me.” Kylo grunted in response. The custom game ended, Kylo only had two kills on his side. Hux called them pity kills for Kylo. Brendol on the other hand had twenty-two kills against Ren. “This is what you get for playing against me when I needed to let emotions out.” Kylo glanced at the ginger, “do you have feelings?” Hux glared at him, “hah, hah. Very fucking funny Ren.” Kylo smirked, opened his mouth but was interrupted by his mother. “Ben! Rey and her friends are coming over tonight. I know she is your cousin, but you have to deal with it!” Kylo froze. “Ben? Is that your real name? Ben Solo?” Hux put a hand over his mouth. “It is my middle name! My parents call me that…” Kylo called back up to his mother. Hux was still snickering. “Hey! It is a better name than Brendol!” Hux stopped. “At least it is original.” Kylo muttered, “yeah, you’re right.” Hux smirked. “Now, where were we? Oh, yes. I was murdering you.” A knock on the front door surprised Hux, who was still playing ‘Overwatch’. “It’s Rey and her friends.” Hux only hummed in response. Brendol had figured out the best was to kill tank players. Shoot Helix rockets, aim for the head of the player, shoot in short bursts for best accuracy. He briefly heard Rey greet Kylo. “Oh, Hux is over? Did you finally get him to notice you?” Kylo mumbled in response while Brendol called out. “Can you all shut it? I am murdering my enemies!” Kylo glanced over at Hux, then back to Rey. “I got him playing ‘Overwatch’. He got MVP three times.” Kylo walked back over to the chair he was sitting in next to Hux. Kylo tried to be flirty and put his arm around Hux, but he failed. The round ended right as he did that. It showed that Hux got play of the game as well. “Ben, take your arm off of me or I will beat you to death with this controller.” Rey burst into laughter as Kylo quickly drew his arm away. Finn, one of Rey’s friends, read the screen. “Thirty-four kills, 51% kill participation? Damn Hux, you too good at that game.” Poe nodded in agreement. “He hasn’t switched characters the entire time. I tried to play him as Reaper, but he still beat me.” Hux nodded, “I am just too good for this game, as Finn said.” Kylo was confused, “how do you know their names? I haven’t even said them other than Rey’s.” Hux stared at the screen. “I learn things quickly, also I pretty much know everyone’s name.” Poe yelled out, “stalker!” Causing Kylo to laugh and Hux to grimace. There was silence for awhile, the only noise being gun fire and Hux’s groans of disapproval. Rey broke that silence, “how about we play a game that doesn’t involve Hux murdering online players?” Finn and Poe agreed, Hux muttering ‘one more round.’ “What kind of game?” Kylo asked as tried to pry the Playstation controller from Brendol’s hand. “How about… Truth or Dare?” Hux groaned, allowing Kylo to take the controller. “I absolutely despise that game.” Rey gave him the look of ‘well, deal with it.’ “So, who’s first?” Finn asked as he planted himself on the carpet. Hux simply turned his chair around, not sitting on the floor like the others. “I will. Hux, truth or dare?” Rey asked. “Hm, truth. I am stupid enough to choose dare the first time.” Hux crossed his arms. “Fine, what is your real name?” Hux glanced down at the girl. “Br-Brendol Hux II.” Kylo frowned. “It took me awhile to get your real name out of you.” Hux simply shrugged. “Ben, truth or dare?” Hux smiled devilishly at the use of the name Ben. “Dare.” Kylo answered. “Okay, I dare you to wear the brightest coloured shirt in your mother’s closet for the rest of the night.” Rey and the others giggled. “What? Fine…” Kylo walked up the stairs, and after a few minutes, came down in a bright pink shirt. “Hey, pink is a nice colour on you.” Hux smirked. “Shut up, Hux.” Kylo sat back down, “Finn, truth or dare?” The same question fell from the groups lips many times. Every time Hux chose truth. “Hux, truth or dare?” Finn asked the ginger. “Hm, dare.” Right as Hux said that, Rey and Poe leaned over Finn with ideas. “They are treating this some secret service meeting that we can’t hear.” Hux whispered into Kylo’s ear. Rey and Poe eventually sat back in their spots they claimed. “Hux, we dare you to kiss Kylo. On the lips.” Finn smiled. “You all are acting like children who have played this game…” Kylo nodded his head. “Just do it.” Hux sighed and quickly pecked Kylo. “See, happy?” Hux’s phone rang. “Phasma…” Hux stood up and answered. “Hello? Oh hi… Oh… You heard about that? ...Right… I am at Kylo’s house… No Phasma, I am not going back to my father’s house! He disowned me, so now I have disowned him… I want nothing to do with him! I am sorry Phasma, but I am hanging up. I don’t feel like talking about him right now.” Hux pulled the phone from his ear and hung up. The group was still playing, but they quieted down as he spoke on the phone. Hux looked at the time, ten minutes to midnight. “Well, I am going to sleep somewhere.” Hux walked off. Rey, Finn, and Poe all said goodnight. They were all staying the night at Ren’s house, so they had to find places to sleep in Ren’s room. Lovely. Chapter 11 : Finally Summary: Hux realizes something he forgot. Notes: Sorry for the delay! I had family around and I had no time to write, but here it is finally. Hux was up naturally at the usual time. Kylo was not. The taller boy was lying face first on his pillow, his black hair covering his face. Hux sighed and changed in the bathroom. Brendol ran the comb through the ginger hair he had. Hux remembered when someone asked him if his hair was dyed. “I have never seen hair so red like that naturally.” Hux smirked at the memory. Kylo stirred. It was Sunday morning. Kylo opened one eye to peer around. What the hell was Hux doing up before seven? Kylo groaned and sat up. Hux poked his head through the door to the room. “Morning.” Kylo glared. “Why are you up?” “I am usually up by this time.” “That is not normal.” “You are not normal.” Hux smirked at Kylo. The black haired diva just collapsed back onto the pillow. Hux waltzed his way down the stairs. Everyone else in the house he had to stay at was asleep. He took that time to make everyone breakfast, all because of habits. After he made the food, including eggs, bacon, and potatoes, he ate his portion. He made extra because he knew Kylo was a fat ass who ate too much. Hux sat down on the couch placed in the lounge. He pulled out his phone and scrolled through the internet. Hux knew that Kylo’s mother would be up soon, at least he hoped that. Brendol wasn’t used to being awake alone in the morning. Hux decided to look through social media. He didn’t like what he saw. Most of the kids from his school had an account on some sort of media site, so he basically knew what they were talking about. He didn’t want to know they were talking about what happened with his father. ‘Did you see what happened to that kid? He was hit by his dad!’ Hux stared at the screen. He sighed and turned off the phone. He knew what was going to happen at school. Whispers, stares, questions. Brendol shook his head. It was Sunday, the day the store he worked in was closed. Hux hated having nothing to do. Well, hate is strong. He disliked having nothing, Hux corrected himself mentally. Hux ventured back up the stairs to Kylo’s room to see if the sleeping beauty was close to waking up. He wasn’t. Hux should have known. Hux left the room, closing the door behind him. Rey was sleeping in a chair while Finn and Poe were curled up together on the floor. Hux smiled to himself. That only lasted for a second. The ginger remembered something. Millicent. Millicent was still at his father’s house. “MILLIE!” Hux yelled as he bolted out of the house, waking everyone. _______________________ Hux kept running towards his old home. Hux was out of breathe when he reached the front door. He pulled out a key and unlocked the door. His father was not at the house, so Hux quickly snaked his way inside. He walked up the stairs quietly, though he didn’t really need to considering he was alone. “Millicent?” Hux whispered out, then hearing a mew. “Oh Millie. Thank god he did not kick you out…” Hux picked up the cat in his arms. He ventured to his room and grabbed clothes and stuffed them into a bag. All he needed for now. Hux eventually left the house, the tabby cat in his hands. ______________________ When Hux returned, he saw Ren and the others eating the breakfast he made. “Hux, did you make this?” Ren asked. “I did,” Hux replied. “Brendol-” Hux cut off Leia, “I do not want to go by that name… It was my father’s name.” Hux stood rigid holding the cat. “Then, what do you want to be called?” Hux thought. “My middle name, Armitage.” Leia smiled. “That sounds interesting, Armitage.” Hux cracked a smile. Rey inhaled sharply, “he can smile!” Hux glared at Rey. Kylo also glared, but very subtly. Hux noticed it and smirked at the boy. Kylo went red. ____________________ “So Hux, what do you want to do after school?” Han asked, Kylo groaned. “Um… It may sound… weird, but I want to try out for the Summer Olympics.” Leia and Han looked quite confused, “for what sport?” Hux hesitated. “Competitive swimming. I am the captain of the First Order Swim Team.” Leia had a look of recognition, “oh, you’re the one who swam in under twenty seconds! Seventeen seconds?” Hux nodded, “I beat that time recently, 16.38 seconds to be exact.” Han raised an eyebrow, “now that I think about it, you should be an Olympian.” For the seconds time that day, Armitage smiled. Chapter 12 : I Don't Have An Attitude Problem Notes: I am so sorry for the delay. School started, I am in hell. I couldn't type anything because of work that I have been assigned. Next time I will get this out sooner! Hux sat in class, Ren was next to him. Ren originally skipped classes, but Armitage managed to get him into the classes. “Alright class, I will need to leave the classroom. Hux, will you sit up front and watch the class for me?” Hux stood and nodded, taking his place at the front of the class. “Thank you, I will be back.” The class was quiet. They knew Hux didn’t take their shit. Armitage had watched classes before, and the students just knew. One child did not. “Hey, are you the teachers pet?” Hux glanced up from the book he was reading. “You could say that.” The kid snickered. “What, do you give them blowjobs for them?” That made Hux stare. He could see Kylo’s face turning red in anger. “Could you shut up?” Hux demanded. “What, don’t like my attitude? You got a problem?” Hux pointed a finger at him, “I don’t have an attitude problem,” Hux paused. “You’re just an asshole.” The class started laughing. The pointed at the kid who was looking quite infuriated. Kylo gave Hux a thumbs up. Armitage gave one of his rare smiles. ____________ Lunch came around. Kids heard of what Hux did and were still laughing. Hux was quite entertained. Phasma came to sit with Ren and the ginger. “Hey, I heard you two started dating.” Kylo glanced at her from his pizza, which was provided by the school. “Uh, yeah? I guess.” Ren shrugged as he spoke. “You two are kinda cute together, I admit.” Hux’s face went red. His pale skin didn’t help. Phasma got louder, “aw! Little Huxy is blushing! You look like a stoplight!” The other students around them started looking at him. “Phasma! Shut the hell up!” Hux whispered. She just grinned. Hux looked at Kylo, who was trying hard to hide his laughter. “Oh, this is so funny, huh?” Kylo nodded. Then the kids in cafeteria heard the talking from the front desk. “Sir! You must grab a pass, Mr. Brendol.” A man was walking down the hall, the woman after him. “I just came to see my son.” Hux was staring, everyone around him quiet. “Brendol!” Hux’s father yelled. The yell caused everyone to be silent. Hux stood, visibly shaking. “Are you shaking, boy? Are you scared?” Hux’s father demanded the answer. “N-no, sir.” Brendol senior nodded. “I want you to come home.” Hux’s faces instantly showed his distaste. “Go back with you? Never. I never want to be near you ever again! You are a horrid father!” Hux snarled the last sentence. “I will make you come back! You must!” Hux’s father insisted. “You want me, the fag, to come back to you? The boy who disrespected you? I joined the bloody swim team, and you want me to come back ‘home’?” Kylo stood next to him, putting a hand on his shoulder, “I will never go back to that place.” The cafeteria gasped. Armitage felt the pain spread across his face. “You are a faggot, you failure of a son.” The man turned to walk away. Hux stood in place, staring at the floor. He was pulled into Kylo’s grasp. “I’m so sorry.” Hux heard footsteps going towards him. “Oh, Armitage. I am so sorry.” It was Leia. “I am used to it by now…” Hux muttered. “Too used to it.” Leia touched his shoulder gently. Hux sighed. He knew his face was red from the pain and the tears that seemed to appear on his cheeks. He rubbed at them. Hux glanced back up, half expecting his father to be standing in front of him, glaring down at the boy. He shook off the image. “I need to leave this room.” Armitage turned sharply on his heel, walking down the hall. He turned into the bathroom. Kylo and his mother shared looks of worry. “He needs space.” After school, Hux locked himself in Ren’s room. “Hux, can you open the door?” Ren’s voice came through the door. “Go fuck yourself!” Kylo took that as a no. “Hux, you need to talk to someone.” Hux audibly sighed, “why the hell should I? No one before wanted to talk to me. Why now?” Ren didn’t hear Hux move to open the door, but he was there when the door opened. “Because, people now care what happened to you. Everyone in this damned house cares about what happened to you.” Armitage stared at the floor. “I… I guess so.” Kylo grinned, small enough for Hux not to notice. “Great, my mom has been annoying me. You should be annoyed now.” Hux punched Ren, hard enough to leave a mark. “Shut the fuck up, or I will go back into that room.” Ren rubbed his arm, “fine, fine. I will.” Hux went down the stairs. “Br- Armitage. We wanted to see if you were okay.” A soft voice invaded Hux’s senses. “Well, that has happened before. Just… not in front of that many people.” Han sighed. “I understand. Though, I just lied. I don’t understand this. I am sorry, I will say that honestly.” Han looked up at Hux, who was standing on the stairs. Hux went all the way down the stairs. “You are quite a man, Hux.” Han said over his shoulder as the teenager entered the kitchen. “Oh, am I? Why is that?” Han thought a moment, “you do things I would never expect.” Notes: Well, that was the prologue. How did you like it? Suggestions welcome. See you in the next chapter.