“And THAT is how you properly block a downward swing from their weapon,” Poe finished with a sweaty nod. Although his specialization was aviation, he was also skilled in combat. The normal combat instructor was on maternity “leave”, so Poe happily took up the position for the time being. His muscular frame shone through his sweat-stuck black shirt, which clung to him like a babe clings to her wet nurse. He pushed back his curls that now fangled slightly over his forehead, and spoke again. “So, that concludes the hand-to-hand combat course for today, meet back here, same time tomorrow!” He bounced on his heels a bit as he said this, catching the eye of a certain ex-stormtrooper leaning against a support-beam on the edge of the training course. He grinned, dismissing the recruits. “Hey, sugar,” Poe calls to his boyfriend, jogging up to him, combat boots slapping rhythmically against the pavement. Finn’s face heats up, the way Poe’s muscles contract against his shirt no going unnoticed. “Hey yourself, sweet-dove,” he replies back, leaning in to kiss Poe when he finally stood in front of him. Poe reacted enthusiastically, hand coming to push Finn forwards by the small of his back. He pressed him up tighter against him, mouth pressing harder against his. When Finn finally choked back a moan, he pushed back. “Poe-,” Poe buried his face in his neck, kissing the crook, “Poe! Angel baby, not here.” He looked behind him, sighing when all the recruits had their backs turned, no one had seen. “We could, ah, continue this in my room, if you get my drift,” came his muffled reply, face still pressed into his neck, inhaling Finn’s scent (which Poe will SWEAR is vanilla and chamomile tea). Finn drew in a breath, face going a bit pale. He was nervous. They hadn’t ever gotten THAT far yet… It’s not that they didn’t WANT to, it just hadn’t yet come to that point. Until now. But Finn steeled himself, deciding that, YES, that was what he wanted. “Fuck yes,” he breathed, and they were off. *~* Poe pushed Finn down onto the bed, pinning his arms above his head, knees on either side of his hips. He kissed him filthily, mostly tongue and a few clicks of teeth. “Are. You. Sure. You. Wanna. Do. This. Baby. Cakes?” Poe asked Finn in between small pecks Finn was pushing up to give him. “Hell Yes. You, sugar-pop?” was his reply, breaking to rest his forehead against Poe’s, his own dark eyes staring into Poe’s own lust blown ones. “Yes.” With that desperate noise coming from Poe’s throat, Finn couldn’t concentrate on much else but MOVING. He thrusted up against Poe, whose head was thrown back, hands releasing Finn’s wrist in favor of resting on his chest, which was- WOW, covered in WAY too many clothes right now… And suddenly Poe was the one pushed up against a wall, Finn’s hands now secured tightly on his ass. He thrusted harder against him, Poe jumping slightly to wrap his legs around Finn’s thighs, hands pushing his face closer, as close as he possibly could. It was too much, and not enough all at once. Poe pushed Finn back, getting a bit rough, looking up to see a HUGE grin on Finn’s face. He was into it, and he nodded his head to Poe to let him know so. The pilot pulled his black shirt over his head, a slight glimmer of sweat showing on his chest. He pushed back up to Finn, moaning into his plump mouth as Finn yanked on his thick curls. “Okay?” Finn asked him into his mouth. “Okay,” Poe reassured him, hands beginning to peel off Finn’s jacket and shirt, as well. Poe dropped to his knees, practically ripping off FInn’s pants in anticipation. He removed his boxers, grinning and biting his lip at the sight of Finn’s hardness, eyes flicking back up to Finn. “Okay?” he asked. “Okay,” Finn replied, gasping as Poe began biting and kissing his way up Finn’s thigh, stomach, and neck. They quickly removed Poe’s trousers and boxers as well, Finn moving his hands to wrap around Poe’s waist, nails clawing into his sides. Poe cried out in pleasure, moaning Finn’s name into the empty room. “Okay?” Finn asked hurriedly, eyes a bit wide, scared that he’d hurt Poe in some way. But Poe’s smile looked almost drunk, eyes half lidded, grin wide. “Okay,” he replied huskily, licking the shell of Finn’s ear, HIS nails now running over Finn’s short-buzzed hair. Finn pushed Poe down firmly into the bed, now his turn to pin his wrist above his head. “Okay?” he asked him again. “Okay,” Poe nodded his head eagerly. “Top or bottom, angel face?” Poe quickly added, while Finn’s eyes slowly explored the lean and muscular frame of Poe-Fucking-Dameron. “Bottom. Is that okay, sweet-cheeks?” Poe groaned, thrusting his hips up. “Yes!” Poe unhooked his wrists, flipping their positions so that Finn was resting against the headboard, eyes dazed as he watched Poe reach for the lube in the drawer. He slicked two fingers up, lining one up with Finn’s hole. “Ready, honeybunch?” Poe asked, face becoming more serious. “It’ll hurt a bit, you want me to stop, tell me straight-away. Okay, Peach?” Finn readied himself taking a deep breath, resting his hand on Poe’s shoulder and squeezing slightly, to let him know he was fine. “Okay, princess,” he replied, smiling. Poe pushed a finger into Finn causing the younger man’s back to ach in slight pain, and slight pleasure. He tensed, getting used to the feeling, beginning to moan quietly. Poe smiled, leaning in to kiss his forehead, all the previous heat dying down, for now. Finn was mostly used to it by now, and he craved more from the other man. “Add another,” he gasped, falling forwards a bit, resting his forehead against Poe’s broad shoulder. “As you wish,” Poe murmured gently, adding another, asking “okay?” before moving. Finn moaned, his voice lost in pleasure, and he rolled his hips up against Finn desperately, whining at the feeling. “Please, baby, faster,” he begged, nails coming around to claw at Poe’s back, which he had discovered drove the commander wild. Poe, gasped, eyes going wide, face going red, before he pulled his fingers out of Finn completely, quickly moving back to coat his dick in lubricant, because he couldn't wait anymore after a gorgeous show like that. HE lined his aching member up with Finn, looking into his eyes. “A-Are you sure? Ready?” he quickly asked, biting his lip. “Get inside me, Dameron.” And Poe pushed in. Notes: Have some cute requests? Wanna become my new best friend? Wanna give me feedback? My tumblr: transboypoedameronn.tumblr.com Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the 30 day OTP challenge (NSFW) series Next Work →