Hux thrashed around in bed, body tensed, in the throes of a nightmare. A memory, really, of his time in the Academy. That hadn’t been a good time, but one particular memory was worse than the others. Not because it only happened once-it had been an almost weekly occurrence-but because it had been the first time. He’d been made to feel so weak, so helpless. So hopeless, resigned to his fate. The dull sound of a fist hitting his stomach echoed in Hux’s mind, accompanied by the sound of tearing fabric and a sudden scream-his, he realized, when he felt how raw his throat was becoming-and the sound of flesh hitting flesh. He looked up through his blood-damp hair, vision blurred by crystalline tears. His vibrant irises were only emphasized by the redness of his eyes and cheeks. Blood mixed with sweat, running down his jaw and temple, down his chest, down his arched spine. Despite the situation, he refused to beg for mercy. It would do no good, the too tall, gangly, shy teenager wasn’t intimidating, especially as naked and battered and bloodied his pale body was as he was forced to his knees, face shoved into the ground. He couldn’t threaten to tell his father either; they knew he wouldn’t. Couldn’t. “What are you gonna do? Go tell daddy? Do you think he will save you?” one of the boys, older than him, taunted. No, no Hux Sr. wouldn’t give a damn what was happening to his son. He would be angry, but not on behalf of Hux. He would be angry at him for being weak. For bringing shame to him and the Academy by not defending himself and beating this gang of boys into nothing. What could I do, he thought to himself as fat tears finally rolled down his cheeks, stinging the cuts. There were 6 of them, all much older, much stronger, much more animalistic than him. He was beyond outnumbered; there was nothing he could have done. Nothing but lay there and take it as they took their pleasure on him, one by one, until he was left in a pool of cum and blood, curled up protectively and crying silently to himself. Someone was grabbing his shoulder, shaking him violently as they sat at his side, yelling at him. “Hux, Hux ! Damnit General, wake up !” Hux bolted up as the voice dragged him to consciousness, grabbing Kylo’s arm, nails digging sharply into his bicep. “Don’t touch me!” Kylo immediately jerked his hand back, raised welts left in his arm from Hux’s nails, accompanied by thin lines of blood. Hux’s wide, dilated eyes darted around the room, scanning for threats. His chest, covered in a sheen of cold sweat, rose and fell rapidly and his heart raced. His sweat-damp hair was plastered to his forehead, and he brushed it back with a slightly shaking hand as he slowly returned to himself, eyes no longer looking as terrified and wild, and he seemed to finally recognize that it was Kylo, not one of the boys from his memories. “What the fuck , Hux?” Kylo growled at him, still managing to be intimidating-no, terrifying -even as he wore nothing but a pair of loose pants, hair tied back in a messy knot. He was panting as well, though not as much as Hux, as if he had run there. Hux leaned back on his elbows, looking up at the ceiling. He tried taking deep breaths to control his breathing and steady his still racing heart; he was unsuccessful, unable to calm down. “I… Sorry.” Kylo simply glowered at him, not knowing what to say in response to Hux of all people apologizing to him. “What was that?” he settle for instead, voice seeming deeper and gravellier than normal. “Nothing, just… Just a nightmare,” he said, more to himself than Ren. “Just a dream.” Ren’s gaze sharpened on Hux, and he grabbed the man’s chin roughly, making him look back at Kylo as he stared into those light eyes. “The hell it was.” Hux’s distress had called out to Ren though the Force, it was so strong. Strong enough to wake him up, heart racing with the fear and pain coursing through the general. Normally, Kylo would feed of the general’s anguish. Tonight it was different. This wasn’t anger or humiliation or fear that he had caused. This was a cold terror that shook Hux to the marrow of his bones, holding him in it’s cruel grasp. Kylo had immediately gotten out of bed, activated lightsaber brandished in one hand as he ran through the halls to Hux’s room, not bothering to stop long enough to punh in the override code. He’d slashed through the panel and run in, searching for Hux. Instead of being met with a physical threat, he’d seen Hux thrashing and shaking as if having his mind picked apart like the prisoners Kylo had tortured, crying out for it, them -who were they?-to stop. Hux clenched his jaw as his head was jerked to face Kylo. “Don’t. Touch. Me,” he said through gritted teeth, lifting his hand to grab Kylo’s wrist, nails digging into his skin to draw pricks of blood. Kylo didn’t drop his hand, instead delving into Hux’s mind, causing the man to tense and try to resist. Hux cried out as his resistance only caused him more pain, but Kylo didn’t stop, not finding himself caring. He sifted through Hux’s memories; he had to know what had caused the non-force-sensitive man to manage to call out to him that way. Had to know what caused him such agony. He found the memory, a small thread of a thought, and pulled it. He watched as Hux unraveled, forced to relive that memory with a clarity he hadn’t had in his unconsciousness. His eyes welled up again, though the tears didn’t fall this time, as he felt every punch, every kick, every bite, every thrust , into his broken body. He was held immobile by Kylo’s hardened gaze as the man stared into his eyes, seeing every second of Hux’s humiliation. “Stop it, Ren,” he said, his voice having a hardened edge to it. Kylo didn’t so much as acknowledge Hux had spoken. He held Hux firmly, not permitting him to look away. “ Ren .” Hux pulled at Kylo’s hand, feeling a pressure build up in his chest. Ren tugged that thread a little harder, leading to more of Hux’s memories. The memories he kept locked away until they couldn’t hurt him. Not until he was deep in the realm of unconsciousness, unable to defend himself from his demons A sob wracked Hux’s body as Ren saw his every humiliation, every time he had been weak. “Stop. Ren, stop this.” Finally, as fat tears ran down his cheeks just like all those years ago, Ren’s touch turned gentle. He brushed away the tears with his thumb before sliding his hand down to rest on Hux’s neck. Kylo pulled Hux to him, cradling him to his chest as if he were made of glass, and Hux completely shattered. His arms stayed limp at his sides, and Kylo stayed silent while broken sobs wracked Hux’s too thin body. Kylo’s shifted his hands up to gently rub Hux’s temples, closing his eyes as he focused the Force for another purpose, attempting something he hadn’t ever tried. Hux didn’t resist this time, there was no point. Kylo had already seen everything. Everything he kept hidden under lock and key, buried in the depths of his mind where they couldn’t hurt him anymore. He could feel Kylo’s soothingly cool hands rubbing at his head, and he sighed softly. The sobs tearing through his body began to gradually calm down, and his breathing evened out as he felt all of the tension leaving him. Instead of the pain felt when Ren stole memories and thoughts out of his victims, a cool calmness was settling over Hux as Ren gently eased the pain the memories brought him, taking it from him. Hux shivered against the cold invading his body, suddenly feeling so emotionally drained he fear he would pass out. “Damn you, Ren,” he said softly into the man’s chest. Kylo didn’t respond, intent on his work to relieve Hux of his demons. Once he was done, he put one hand on the back of Hux’s neck, the other on his chest as he gently lowered him to lay back on the bed. Hux was asleep before his head hit the pillow. Ren got up and turned, picking up his lightsaber before leaving without a word or another look back at Hux. A specter that faded away as quickly as he had appeared. Notes: I would like to post about 1 story per week minimun, but I don't have any good ideas. Please feel free to comment a prompt for the next short Kylux fic you would like to see. A reasonable prompt though; something I can complete in 1-2 hours. Anything goes, since I write anything, and I would love the inspiration.