Cruel World You and Hux broke up several months ago, but you still find yourself thinking about how you were when you were together. You'd given each other everything - or so you'd thought. However, every person has their limits, and cheating is yours. When you'd found out he was seeing other people behind your back, you dumped him in especially cold fashion. Really, it had been for the best. You two haven't seen each other since. However, the First Order Ball is coming up, and you'll have to interact with him. The thought fills you with dread, and the only one you're going to be able to deal with it is by being the best dressed person in the place. A week before the ball, you decide that you'll wear your most daring red dress for the event. Better to be seen and thought either slutty or crazy than to disappear into the background, right? This proves to be the right idea, but not in the way you expected. Maybe it's because of the bourbon he's drinking from the open bar, or maybe he does miss you - but when Hux sees you walk in, he's immediately at your side, as if the last five months never happened. You're gratified by the attention, truly - but when he asks to dance with you, you pull back. "Hux, no, I really don't think that's a good idea." "Nonsense," he scoffs. "Nothing wrong with a dance with an old friend.." The slur in his words tugs at your heart - you'd loved him because of his control and his power, and seeing him like this makes you upset. However, his dance frame is still impeccable, and he leads you pretty well in a slow number. When the music comes to an end, you smile in gratitude. However, what he says next makes your heart drop through the floor: "Come back to me?" You shake your head. "Hux, that's not going to happen after what you did - besides, how do I know that's not the liquor talking?" "No, you don't un'nerstand!" he pleads, his voice getting louder. "I still love you!" You clap a hand over his mouth so that he won't embarrass himself in front of the troopers who are starting to look at you funny. "Are you out of your mind?" you hiss. "You must be insane if you think I'd do that!" He pushes your hand away, but manages to speak a little more quietly. "Maybe I am - but I thought that's why we liked each other. You're insane too..." He kisses your palm, and the gesture fills you with equal parts of compassion and disgust. Chapter 2 : Ultraviolence Nothing Kylo Ren does is free of violence. Even in the moments where he's tender, you still get hurt - like when you sit on his bed and he pulls you to him so you can wrap your legs around his waist. You ache happily from the closeness, thinking that you might just die of love, but at the same time, you can feel the imprints of his hands starting to form bruises. Not even that perfect moment of union is free of pain. Of course, that means that the awful times are truly horrific. When he's furious, Ren makes your life a living hell - screaming that you've bewitched him into loving you, slapping you across the face - one time, he even threw you across the common room in your quarters so hard that you sprained your shoulder. He tended to your shoulder himself, not even bothering to apologize. After all, the one thing you two don't do is lie to each other, and him saying he's sorry would be a lie. Sometimes you wonder if things would change if you and he ran away. Maybe to your homeworld, where they've never even heard of the First Order? Perhaps to the Outer Rim? However, the one time you bring it up, Ren doesn't even twist your arm for suggesting it. He merely shakes his head, and somehow that breaks your heart even more. But whether the two of you stay with the Order or not - in the end, it doesn't matter, does it? He's your Commander, you're his vial of nightshade, and you'll love each other forever. Chapter 3 : Shades of Cool Notes: The reader in this segment is of age, but if they seem a bit naive, it's because they don't know any other relationship outside of the one they have with Phasma. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It's understood throughout the Order that as Captain, Phasma can have as many concubines as she wishes. In her case, three is a magic number. You and two others live in her quarters, keep her home, and warm her bed. You and your fellow consorts get along fairly well - after all, you're united in a common purpose of serving the Captain. That said, you feel a glimmer of hope when she calls for you one day to join her alone. You show up to her room in a prompt fashion, fully expecting her to take you to bed. Instead, she has you sit down in her good office chair, and she takes your hand. "Darling," she asks, "How long have you been with me now?" Your fingers tighten in hers. "I think it's been at least two years, Captain." She smiles. "I think you're right, and since it's been quite some time, I'd like to celebrate. Will you join me at the Gala next week?" You blush in pleasure, but you ask, "Would it just be me, or are the four of us going as a group?" There have been times where she's brought all three of you to events as a show of status. She shakes her head. "No, it would be just the two of us. After all, it's a special occasion, so I owe you my attention." You throw her arms around her in joy. "Then my answer is yes! Yes, I'd love to!" She holds you tight, kissing your bare shoulder. "She loves me!" you think to yourself. "She really loves me!" The day of the gala arrives, and you can hardly contain yourself for glee. As you walk onto the bridge on Phasma's arm, you marvel at the decorations in silver and red. The people who see you two walk in nod in admiration, but you're sure they're all looking at Phasma. She is *radiant*, looking like the absolute mistress of her destiny in a crisp dress uniform and a Captain's hat. You're sure everyone else is jealous that they're not walking with her. However, you start to suspect something is wrong when she leaves you to go speak to someone you've never seen before. Within a minute, they've disappeared into the crowd. At first, you try not to panic, and you take a small Corellian whisky from a passing tray to calm your nerves. General Hux's first wife sees you, and she slides over. "Are you all right, dear?" You nod, although you're sure you're not convincing her in the slightest. "I'm just not used to being by myself in crowds, that's all.." You sip your drink carefully, not wanting to make an idiot of yourself. She smiles in understanding. "It *is* a bit overwhelming at first - let's see if we can find your Captain, shall we?" She offers her arm, and you take it, walking around the floor with her. The stroll, combined with the slight tipsiness from your drink, helps to sooth you, especially as you look at the decorations. The committee for Corporate Affairs has genuinely outdone themselves. Mrs. Hux stops suddenly, and you bump into her, thankfully not spilling your glass. "Is something wrong?" you ask. She doesn't answer, staring straight ahead. You follow her gaze, and you see two people kissing passionately in the corner of the room. The first person is a stranger to you, but you realize with a lurch of nausea that the other person is your beloved Captain. Your hand tightens on the other consort's arm, and she escorts you away before there's a scene. Out in a spare hallway, you try to catch your breath, begging yourself not to cry. Mrs. Hux kneels in front of you and says, "If you need to weep, I won't blame you. It doesn't matter how long you've been with someone, seeing that is always painful - I should know." You shake your head as tears sting your eyes. "That's not why I'm upset - I'm angry at myself! I can't believe I thought....I thought...." The older woman pulls you into her arms and you break down in sobs. "I thought that I was special, I thought she loved me, I thought....I thought I'd gotten through to her...." She pats your hair. "We can't get through to their world, darling. It's not meant for us." The use of that endearment makes you even more upset, and she holds you for several minutes. When you're done, she helps you clean up so that Phasma won't notice you've been crying. When your captain asks you later about whether you liked the gala, you merely shrug. "It was all right, ma'am. Thank you." Notes: Comments are love, comments are life! Chapter 4 : Brooklyn Baby Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Sometimes, you wonder if you were born in the wrong time. You understand that it’s a blessing to live in a time after the destruction of the Empire, but in your heart, you always wonder if the time of the Rebels was more romantic, more vivid. Poe’s the only one who understands. Though he’s older than you are, he still grew up idolizing General Organa and the other heroes of the Rebellion. While others on the base dismiss you for being too young to understand the complexities of the time, Poe encourages your research, and even helps you build a music collection based on what his parents enjoyed. Soon, your files list is almost a library in its own right. You spend many happy days setting the music on autoplay and just dreaming. On one such day, you’re lying on your bed with your eyes closed when someone knocks, taking you out of your trance. You call for the person to come in, and Poe opens the door slightly, waving at you. “Hey, kid - heard the music from down the hall, thought I’d join you.” “Sure,” you say with a smile. “You want something to drink? Tea, liquor, water?” He opens the door farther, and you see he’s carrying his guitar. “Actually, I wanted to try something. How well do you know “Dreams”? I’ve been working on the chords.” “It’s my favorite!” You scramble off the bed and pull up two chairs. Poe sits, and starts strumming the opening chords. He nods to you, and you start singing, trying to imitate the vocal fry of the Corellian singer who wrote the piece. “Now here you go again, you say you want your freedom, well who am I to keep you down? It’s only right that you should play the way you feel it….” Notes: "Dreams" was chosen for several reasons. Firstly, it's one of my all time favorite songs. Secondly, it was big on the charts in 1977 when the first Star Wars film came out, so the time difference is appropriate. Thirdly, I think it captures that sense of poetry and imagery that Reader is longing for in their life. As for imagining Stevie Nicks being Corellian, that was more random. Chapter 5 : West Coast On the Resistance Base, there's a general understanding - there are times when everyone, yes, everyone, is going to join in an enormous celebration. Alcohol and food will be freely served, music will play for hours, and all attendees will take the next three days to recover. After all, the Resistance has continued to survive - why not eat, drink and be merry? If you're not going to drink, why even attend? Until you and Rey started dating, you tended to agree with that sentiment. There's a certain romance to throwing oneself into a rave, and you'd hate to have to give that up. In fact, when she first mentioned that she doesn't drink, you were confused and slightly hurt. She's a hero - you'd think that she, more than anyone, would deserve to have a night of total freedom away from her training. Besides, if she's not drinking, and you are - does that mean she's judging you? However, as the two of you get more serious as a couple, you realize you've completely misinterpreted Rey's feelings about the matter. She doesn't stay sober out of some sense of moral superiority - it's that taking a known depressant goes against every survival instinct she has. When your beloved Jedi was on Jakku, any lapse in her awareness could mean the loss of food or other critical supplies. Even here on the Base, she surveys her surroundings perfectly, never letting anything escape her attention. Anyway, you realize she doesn't even need the liquor. The more time you spend with her, the more you realize that Rey has more charisma and passion in her small toe than could ever be found at the bottom of a whiskey glass. She dances, she sings, and when she moves, it's like she leaves a trail of light behind her. When she grabs a person to dance with at the celebrations, she always leaves her partner than they were before. She's your light and your hope - and on the day you realize that, you think with a start: "Kriff, I'm in love!" Chapter 6 : Sad Girl Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You never thought things would end up this way. When you and Finn first got together, it was so clear that you belonged with each other. However, when General Organa, who didn’t know about the two of you, set Finn up on a date with her goddaughter Billie, Finn hid you away instead of telling the truth. Now you’re stuck. Finn and Billie are engaged, and you couldn’t leave even if you wanted to. Finn was your first love, and the idea of abandoning him completely makes you want to curl up on the floor and never leave your room again. He still comes to you sometimes to warm your bed, and you could almost believe that he still wants you. However, one look at him and Billie together, and you know he’ll never leave her for good. Rey has noticed too, and has begged you to spare yourself and go away somewhere. However, when she says that, all you feel is anger. If she knew what it was like to be in love, she’d never dare suggest such a thing. Notes: To clarify - I don't think Finn is trying to break the Reader's heart...but sometimes, the kindest people are the ones who hurt us the most.