Kylo stared at his reflection in the mirror, studying his face like he did every day. The first thing he did when he woke and the last thing he did before he slept was to walk to the mirror and stare for what felt like hours. The jagged pink scar that ran up his jaw and cheek, over the bridge of his nose and onto his forehead continually mocked him. It was a glaring reminder of his failure, of his inability to capture her, to bring her with him, to convince her to let him teach her. He was exhausted, turning from the mirror and walking to his bed he stared down at it. It was a simple pallet extended from the wall with a mattress atop. Utilitarian, sterile, like the rest of his room on the Finalizer. He lost everything when Starkiller was destroyed, the loss of his grandfather’s helmet devastated him but it was nothing compared to his loss of the scavenger. Rey. Through their bond he now knew her name was Rey and that name rang in his head as he eased down upon his bed and stretched his long muscled body out on the mattress. Crossing his hands behind his head he stared up at the ceiling. The image of her face in their final encounter was burned into his brain. Every nuance of expression, every bead of sweat, the powerful intensity of her hazel eyes. She was captivating, mesmerizing and he wondered if he’d ever wanted anything as badly as he wanted her. He wanted to possess her, teach her, to hear her call him Master and to see her look at him with need as opposed to revulsion. Only in his dreams did she look at him like that, with need, desire, respect. He closed his weary eyes and focused on her, wondering where she was, what she was doing. Sleep pulled him down by its inky tendrils. The first thing he smelled was the mossy ground and then the scent of salt in the air. He heard the ocean lapping at the shore. He looked down and saw he stood on the edge of a cliff. It was night but the twin moons illuminated the area brightly. He turned and saw a small cave, lit from within and walked toward it. He bent his tall body to enter and he sighed with pleasure at what he found there. Rey, sitting on a pallet on the ground, looking up at him. She smiled gently. “I wondered when you would get back. You’ve been gone so long. You usually don’t walk that long at night. You must have something heavy on your mind.” He tried to figure out what was happening but then realized, it was a dream, the same dream as every other night, but he didn’t care. All he cared about was how she was looking at him, how her hazel eyes met his with trust and affection. “I needed air.” He replied simply. “Well I missed you.” She said as she patted the pallet beside her. “Come, sit down. Take off your cloak and robes, get comfortable.” He then realized he wasn’t dressed in his usual black heavy cowl and tabard, but in jedi robes and a cloak. It was then he noticed she was only wearing a simple tunic and leggings. Her breasts were unbanded and he could see her nipples through the thin fabric and he felt himself stir immediately at the sight. “Are you hungry?” she asked him He realized he was, but not for food. He tossed off his cloak and robe and moved to sit beside her. He reached out to touch her face, tentatively as if she would disappear like an apparition if he did. Instead she turned her head and nuzzled her cheek into his large hand and then turned and placed a kiss upon his palm. He flushed at the affectionate gesture and breathed in deeply trying to calm himself. “Rey.” He whispered her name like a prayer. She looked up at him, her gaze meeting his. He leaned down, and brushed his lips to hers. They were pillow soft and his body was riddled with pleasure at this simple action. Her body turned more toward him as she reached up and slipped her hands around his neck and pulled him to her, deepening the kiss. She nibbled his lower lip and he let out a low moan, his mouth opening and her tongue slipped in. Their tongues danced together seeking out the sweetness of one another. His large hands moved to grasp her around the waist and pull her to him, settling her into his lap. She felt his hardness beneath her and let out a low chuckle and ground her bottom against him, teasing him. His large hands grew bolder reaching up to cup her breasts and massage them. She let out a soft moan and arched her body up to him, her head falling back, baring her throat to him. He continued to squeeze her breasts and tease her nipples while he leaned down and pressed his mouth to her throat trailing kisses and bites up her pulse point. “Ben.” She murmured. She always called him Ben in his dreams. He was beyond stopping now, desire spiked so strongly inside him, her rolled his hips upward grinding his length against her. She answered by swirling her hips and rocking down upon him. He needed more. Now. He reached for the bottom of her tunic and pulled it up and over her head and tossed it to the side. His eyes widened at the beauty of her small firm breasts and he let out a low groan. He laid her back on the pallet and leaned over her, lowering his mouth to her breasts, kissing one, drawing her nipple into his mouth and biting it gently as his hand caressed the other. She gasped out in pleasure, her body trembling. Her hands were grasping his shoulders, digging her nails in and tugging at his tunic. He paused and reached down and yanked it off. He lowered his body over hers feeling the delicious thrill of her bare body against his. He pressed himself against her, as if the act of laying atop her was claiming her somehow, possessing her. Their kisses grew more furtive, her fingers threading through his thick dark hair, tugging urgently. He raised himself up from her and swiftly tugged down her leggings. He stood then looking down at her beautiful body, bared to him, the sight the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. Her eyes watching him heavily as he divested himself of his boots and pants. He stood, naked and proud before her, her gaze heating as she devoured his body with her eyes. He knelt on the bed and slowly spread her legs apart. He glanced up at her and then lowered himself between them. He kissed up her thigh and reached the apex and gently lapped at her swollen lips, tasting her desire and moaning in pleasure. He ran the flat of his tongue upward moving over that bundle of nerves, aroused and needful of his touch. Her hips arched upward to meet his tongue and that only drove him on further. His large hands grabbed her hips, holding her in place as he worked his tongue over her, again and again, while she writhed beneath him. He hummed in pleasure feeling her trembling and growing closer and closer to her climax. He felt her quake and cry out his name as her orgasm crashed over her. She was panting and sweat glistened on her brow as he crawled up between her legs, settling himself there. He brushed the tip of his cock against her still sensitive clitoris and she gasped out. He smiled down at her and then slowly slipped himself inside her, filling her completely. She moaned loudly, as did he, in the perfect pleasure of their joining. He held himself still then, resting his body on his elbows, looking down into her eyes. “This is all I need, all I want.” He said softly to her. “I know Ben.” She replied. “I feel the same way.” They made love slowly, he rocked his body into hers over and over driving both of them upward, climbing higher until each of them arrived together crying out one another’s names. He was breathless and rested his sweaty brow on hers as they each tried to recover. He stayed there, inside her for many long moments, not wanting to be parted from her. “Stay.” She said softly. “You know I can’t.” he replied with a sad tone. He felt himself drawn away from her, as if by an invisible cord and woke up in his bed, covered in sweat and his own cum. The dream was almost the same each time, they were together, away from the war, away from the conflict and the fighting and all they had was each other. His name was Ben Solo and all the blood on his hands was somehow washed away by the acceptance in her eyes and the tenderness of her touch. His heart ached and he wondered if it was possible for him to ever escape. To leave Snoke and find his way to her. Was there ever a chance for them to be together? He knew the answer was no. So he would have to settle for dreams their bond brought to him each night. That was all he had. Chapter 2 Summary: Rey finds herself as tangled in dreams of Kylo Ren as he finds himself with her. She is both confused and angry because of it. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey sat up with a start on her pallet in the small cave where she was living on Ach-To. Luke was in another similar cave some yards away from her but she was thankful for the privacy she had here. She held a hand to her chest above her heart, hoping the gesture would calm it’s frantic beating. Too many mornings it was like this, waking up with a pounding heart and a sweaty brow. Her dreams were out of control. It was a simple as that. She couldn’t get a handle on them and it was making her furious. Furious and confused. Why would she dream about him? Kylo Ren. Murderer. Monster. Why would the content of her dreams show him as anything but a monster? In those dreams he was gentle, conciliatory, tender, arousing. He made love to her with such passion and intensity. Still it turned her stomach that she would enjoy that. With him. She would wake up, each day, overwhelmed with the lack of understanding why she would ever dream of being intimate with that man. She replayed the most recent dream in her mind. She was sitting in her cave when he bent his tall body to enter. She was happy to see him, concerned for him. She called him Ben. She wondered why he had been out so long. Apparently he had a lot on his mind, he said. He was sweet and tender and their touches were gentle and spoke of an intimacy learned over many years. They kissed first and then touched, then their movements became more urgent, more frantic. He was starved for her, it seemed, as he divested her of her clothing and his lips and tongue plundered her mouth. He stripped himself bare then as well and she was overwhelmed with lust as she looked upon his long leanly muscled body, so broad and strong. He leaned down and spread her legs and devoured her there. It was bliss. He made her cum fast and hard. The pleasure was almost more than she could bare, but then when he thrust himself inside her, driving them both upward, higher and higher and they climaxed together, in that moment they were exploding not just with sexual release but with love. She felt it. She felt love for him. How could this even be possible? She had only been on Ach-To a few weeks but the dreams had started nearly right away. More than dreams she also had these thoughts. Strange feelings really, feelings that weren’t her own. She would feel terrible physical pain, anger, self-loathing and regret. Those feelings would wash over and she knew they were not her own. After a week or two she began to wonder if those feelings belonged to him. Rey dragged herself up from her pallet and dressed hastily. She stomped out of the cave and headed down the long walk down the numerous stairs to the shoreline. She made this walk almost daily. It was part of her exercise regime as well as a practice which helped her clear her mind and shake off the cobwebs of her dreams. She stood at the edge of the water, kicking off her boots and clothing and wading in. There was, to her, nothing more delicious that the feeling of submerging herself in water. It was a miracle to her. Of course she dreamed of such a thing in Jakku but she never actually believed she would experience it. Now, she allowed her body to slip under the water and feel it close over her head. The quiet beneath the water’s surface was another thing she’d never experienced. This was a different type of quiet than in the dessert. There was a soft hum, a murmur that the ocean produced in its ebb and flow that was calming and soothing. She rose to the surface and then lay back, just like Luke taught her, and began to float. Floating was its own kind of meditation, Luke instructed her. It also made it so that she knew what to do if she ever found herself exhausted when swimming, since she was still just learning. Swimming was a new skill she loved but it was still very new to her. She floated and closed her eyes and focused on inner calm and peace. She felt the force move through and around her. It filled her with a feeling of being connected to all things. As her body drifted over the surface of the water, the distraught feelings with which she woke began to slip away. She felt herself return to center and her balance return. She knew, however, that she could no longer keep these dreams, these thoughts or these feelings, from Luke. She had to talk to him about what she was experiencing. Rey was used to handling things on her own. She never really had anyone to talk to about anything but now, Luke was her Master and she realized she had been keeping something very important from him. She vowed to herself as she walked out of the water that she would speak to him about all these things over breakfast. She stepped out of the water and moved to sit naked on the small shoreline, letting her body dry in the sunlight. The sun here was nothing like it was on Jakku. Here it was pleasant and warming, on Jakku it was intense and scorching. She sat back on her hands and realized just how much her life had changed in such a short time. Never in all her years had she imagined the life she was now living. Never would she have imagined the friendships she had gained in Finn, Poe and BB-8. The kinship she felt with Leia and now the Master/padawan relationship she had with Luke. She once believed the force was a myth and now here she is, a force sensitive. Her world had been turned upside down. She sighed softly and began to formulate in her mind how she would go about explaining things to Luke. Every plan seemed foolish. Weak. She should be able to handle this on her own. Maybe this was part of the lesson, however, learning that she can’t handle everything on her own. She slowly dressed and made the climb up the many steps of mountain and headed toward the fire pit between their two caves, where she saw Luke sitting, stirring a pot of gruel over the open flame. “Good morning, Master.” She called out as she approached. “Hello Rey, I was wondering when I would see you this morning. You were out at the water longer than usual.” He noted, his voice warm. “Yes. I was.” She said in agreement with him. “I sense that you have something heavy on your mind Rey. I have sensed it for many days now. Perhaps it is time for you to sit and unburden yourself of these thoughts.” He gestured for her to sit across from him on one of the stones. “You’re right. I do have some things I need to talk to you about.” She fiddled with the bottom of her tunic, tugging the material between her fingers. “You see; I’ve been having these dreams.” She admitted with a sigh. He nodded as if he already knew. Notes: thank you for reading - and thank you to the readers who encouraged me to explore more of this story. you can find me at thedarkside-and-thelight.tumblr.com Chapter 3 Summary: Kylo's thoughts turn to Rey, as they always seem to do and a plan of action begins to take form. Kylo stood on the bridge of the Finalizer looking out into the vastness of space and wondered, for what seemed like the millionth time, where Rey was and what she was doing. Things seemed to be getting stranger this last week. He had begun to not only have dreams of her, but now he was having what he surmised were feelings of her. He would feel a rush of pride, of satisfaction at a job well done, or a peace and calm come over him unlike anything he ever experienced before and he knew, somehow, these were her feelings, what she was experiencing. The most profound feeling recently was a feeling of floating, a general sense of weightlessness. That was both startling and comforting at the same time. His reverie was interrupted suddenly. “Do you have to be here?” Hux asked with a hiss. “Your presence is making my men uncomfortable.” “Your men seem to possess quite weak constitutions if my simple presence makes them fearful. Perhaps you should put them through a more rigorous training program before giving them rank and duty in order weed out the cowards and weaklings among them?” he said with a sarcastic tone. “You know very well why my men are uncomfortable with you Ren. You are unpredictable and violent. You have temper tantrums and destroy property. You’ve even dragged poor Mitaka across the room and choked him with your magical powers. Don’t think that story didn’t get told to all the officers.” Hux said with little patience. Kylo rolled his eyes, but Hux couldn’t see it of course because as per usual, he had his mask on. Once again he was thankful for having it on, else he’d be seen rolling his eyes at everything that came out of the General’s mouth. He didn’t like Hux, in fact, he hated him, but he owed him his life. That fact completely galled him. It was the General who found him on Starkiller and had him carried out to a ship before the base exploded. If it weren’t for General Hux, whom he found so intolerable, he would be dead. Something Hux liked to remind him of often. Kylo shook his head. “That was one time. I haven’t put my hands on any of your officers or the storm troopers other than that. I don’t see why everyone is making such a big deal out of that.” Kylo said with a sigh. People were such babies. “It doesn’t matter, once is enough.” Hux spat at him. “Besides your ‘antics’ make everyone uncomfortable. They never know when the next time will be when you lose your temper and start swinging that damned lightsaber around again or if this time, they’ll be in the way of it. You do know that the sight of that weapon alone makes most people afraid.” “And you General, does it make you afraid?” Kylo asked wryly “Of course it doesn’t, I’ve become used to you and your outbursts.” He answered with a huff. “More’s the pity.” He sighed. “Ren, would you please just leave the bridge. I have work to do and don’t have time to play our usual game of banter and insults. Perhaps later.” He said impatiently. “Fine, fine.” Kylo answered and turned and stalked off the bridge and walked through the halls of the Finalizer. He walked back to his quarters, took of his mask and tossed it on the small sofa in the sitting area. He sighed and sat down beside it. He began to wonder if Supreme Leader Snoke would sense his preoccupation with Rey. Perhaps that was a foolish thought though since the Supreme Leader hadn’t contacted any of them in weeks. His last transmission was to Hux when he told him to evacuate Starkiller. He hadn’t even sent them coordinates where to meet him. Kylo hadn’t felt him or heard him in his mind in all the time since Starkiller was destroyed. Kylo dreaded his reunion with Snoke. He had nightmares of how Snoke would torture him, punish him for his failures. In those dreams the pain of that torture was so great some nights he would wake up and genuinely believe he had experienced it. After his fight with Rey on Starkiller, all of his beliefs in the rightness and wisdom of the Supreme Leader seemed to disappear. It was as if somehow during that battle everything became crystal clear to him. Snoke wouldn’t have allowed him to keep Rey. He wouldn’t have allowed him to be her teacher. Snoke likely would have crushed her in front of him just to keep him in line. He had to be sure he never let anything like that happen. But just knowing that, knowing that Snoke would destroy something as powerful and beautiful as Rey made him livid. It made him see Snoke in a completely different way than he ever had before. It was as if a fog had been lifted from his brain and he could see the conniving, manipulative, twisted creature Snoke had always been, but Kylo had been blind to it. Snoke always assured him that after he killed his father he would be free of his torment. After he killed him, he should have been drawn fully into the darkness but he wasn’t, it was almost as if his father’s last touch upon his face forced even more light into him. He will never forget the look upon Han’s face, the love in his eyes. Could it be that he forgave him? Is it truly possible for him to leave this life and find some kind of freedom? Redemption? His hands were soaked with the blood of all the people he killed or allowed to be killed, considering the destruction of Hosnian system, which he never wanted in the first place, their number was beyond count. If he could find his uncle, ask for his forgiveness, maybe there would be a chance. Luke always said that there was always a chance to return to the light. He even remembered him telling him that forgiveness was always available to those who reached for it. His father even told him on that bridge that it wasn’t too late. He could go home. He knows now he should have listened to his father, left with him, with Rey and even the traitor. It would be so much better than this pitiful existence he is living now. Could that be? After all he’d done, could Luke forgive him? As he continued to ponder these things, he realized that it was likely Rey was with Luke. Could she forgive him too? If he could find them he would make them understand, he was no threat to either of them, or the rebellion any longer. He was done with following Snoke, done with the First Order, done with this life he’d been living. Everything he thought he knew was a lie. Without Snoke whispering in his ear for once he could see that now. Perhaps now would be the time? Perhaps he could escape? Take a ship and just leave. Who would dare to stop him? No one. Not even Hux would question him if he told him that he had orders from Leader Snoke. He stood up and paced around his room. No. No. He couldn’t do it now, but soon. He had to take advantage of the fact that Snoke had chosen to cut them off in his anger. Yes. That is what he would do. He would formulate a plan and then leave. As soon as possible. He would then find a way to locate Luke and Rey and make things right. He knew his time was done here, it was only a matter of making his escape. Chapter 4 Summary: Rey and Luke have an important conversation and Rey's worst fears are confirmed. Notes: thank you all so much for your comments and interest in this story. Rey sat down and calmly told Luke all about the dreams. She also told him about the feelings she’d been having that seemed like they weren’t her own. She described to him how she felt such remorse and regret, and even pain. He listened carefully to her, patiently letting her get it all out. As difficult as it was, Rey even admitted that the dreams were often sexually intimate. Somehow she knew, deep down, that if she didn’t tell him the full nature of the situation, she would never get to the truth of what was happening to her. Luke was silent for a long minute, taking the stick he was holding, dragging it across the ground in designs as he thought. “I was afraid something like this had happened.” He said softly. Rey furrowed her brows “What do you mean?” she asked. “Rey, when you told me soon after you arrived about what happened when my nephew interrogated you; how he delved deeply into your mind, into intimate memories and deep seated feelings, and then you pushed right back and delved deeply into his mind, pulling out strongly held fears and emotions. It worried me.” He sighed and held the stick in his hand, turning it over and over as he continued. “The fact that you were able to do the things with the force right after the interrogation, how everything seemed to just come to you, how you suddenly had an understanding of certain force techniques, I couldn’t help but think you somehow got them from Ben’s mind. Then when you told me how during your battle with him, after he asked to teach you he allowed you to meditate and draw on the force, suddenly your already considerable combat skills grew exponentially. All of that made me concerned that the two of you had forged a force bond.” Luke sighed. “I hoped I was wrong.” “Rey, mastery of the force takes time and great practice and hard work. However, the high level of skill you already have in the force seems to have come because your own natural and incredibly powerful force abilities were rapidly awakened and then amplified by linking with Ben.” Luke continued. “A force bond? What is that?” she asked tentatively. “There is such a thing that happens between force users. A powerful connection that comes, often between a Master and apprentice but it has been known to happen between others as well. This bond is a link through which the bonded pair could influence one another. They could communicate thoughts and feelings over great distances, to share dreams and help to build the other’s skills.” Luke dragged his stick over the ground again, growing silent as he thought. “It is said that the stronger the force sensitives involved the more powerful the bond. My nephew is one of the most powerful force sensitives I have ever encountered and you Rey, your natural abilities are equal, if not greater, than his. When the two of you merged into one another’s minds, you forged a bond that cannot be broken.” He said these words with great sadness. Rey drove to her feet and looked down at him. “Can’t be broken! No! That can’t be. I can’t possibly be forced to live the rest of my life bonded to that monster.” She cried out. “In the tales that I have heard the only way a force bond can be broken is through the death of one of the pair.” He replied. “Though Rey, all is not lost. I can teach you how to strengthen your mind in order to block the bond.” “Block it? I don’t want to block it, I want to break it. I never wanted any of this. Not any of it. I never wanted mystical powers, I never wanted to get involved in the war, all I ever wanted was for my family to come back for me on Jakku.” She yelled out. “Why did all this happen to me? I don’t understand it.” She raised her hands and pressed her palms on her eyes trying to fight back tears. Luke remained quiet and nodded to her in understanding, then he spoke softly, “I know Rey, but the Force has plans all its own and now you are here and nothing can change that. All that can happen is for you to learn to embrace your path with the tremendous strength I know you have inside you. You cannot run from this.” “I can’t, I can’t do this. I can’t handle this. I just can’t.” the tears she’d been fighting formed in her eyes and began to pour down her face. Luke rose and walked over to her and looked into her eyes. There was such a gentleness and peace about him, she felt it from the very first day she met him, weeks ago. She wanted to scream, she wanted to run and hide and pretend none of this ever happened, but right now all she could do was stand there and cry. She leaned forward and rested her head on his chest and finally let it all out, all the pain and hurt she’d been holding for so long. Luke wrapped his arms gently around her shoulders and held her while she cried. She cried for what seemed like hours. Later that night Rey sat alone in her cave, her thoughts swirling in her mind. Connected. Bonded. Forever. Those words kept turning over and over in her mind. The conversation with Luke aided her in unburdening her troubles but it also brought with it greater complications. The answers he gave her only made her feel worse. How could she spend the rest of her life like this? Bonded with Kylo Ren? She had to find a way to close off her mind to these thoughts, these feelings, these dreams. Luke stated that he would begin to help her learn how to do so but that it would be difficult and take a great deal of time, meditation and training to find success. “What am I supposed to do now?” She wondered out loud. Every night finding him in her dreams, every day growing more and more in tune with his feelings, his experiences. How was she supposed to handle that? Now she understood that what was happening in her dreams was a shared experience. They were both involved in that sexual intimacy. He knew her body as she knew his. What puzzled her the most was how in those dreams there was such a sense of peace and understanding, trust and tenderness, passion and love. Love was an emotion beyond anything she’d ever truly felt but she knew what it was, somehow. When they were together in her dreams there was love. But Rey knew she didn’t love him and she was sure he didn’t love her so what did it all mean? She wondered then if these weren’t some kind of prophetic dreams, some glimpse of a future that lay before her, much like the vision she had when she first touched Luke’s lightsaber. That couldn’t be possible, could it? There could never be a day when she would happily welcome Kylo Ren into her cave, into her bed. Never. Still the idea plagued her. She stood up and walked out of her cave and off to the cliff side, looking out over the water. She loved the mossy smell of the grass and the sound of the waves lapping against the shore. The twin moons illuminated the night. She stared out over the surface of the water. Can you hear me? She thought, stretching out her mind to him. Despite it all she had to know, had to see if he could somehow hear her thoughts. She waited for many long minutes but there was no reply. She sighed in relief and walked back into her cave. She flopped down on her pallet and closed her eyes, hoping for a dreamless sleep. Chapter 5 Summary: Kylo is sure he heard Rey's voice in his head? Could it be true? Notes: i so appreciate all of you who are reading this story and am so thankful for those who comment on it. i hope you continue to enjoy. Can you hear me ? Kylo sat up with a start in his bed and blinked looking around the room. He heard the words clear as day, and it was Rey’s voice. He knew she wasn’t there, in his room, but he heard her question just the same. He swung his legs off the side of his bed and sat there, trying to process what was going on. She reached out to him, somehow, from wherever she was in the galaxy and she asked, could hear her. Should he try to answer her? Was this just another form of dream he was having? “I hear you.” He said out loud, but somewhere deep inside him he knew that that wouldn’t work. He stood and began to slowly pace around the room trying to gather himself inside. It was then the idea of meditation struck him and he walked to sit on his sofa. He eased himself down and the crossed his long legs. He rested his large hands on his knees and let his eye lids fall closed. He began slowing his breathing. One deep breath in through the nose and a slow release through the mouth. Over and over again. He cleared his mind of all of his jumbled thoughts and concerns and turned his focus on Rey. I hear you , he replied to her in his mind. He waited then for more from her. A response, something, anything. An acknowledgement that she received his message but there was nothing. His disappointment was immense and weighed heavily on him. He shook his head and told himself it was likely just another dream. After all, why would Rey reach out to him? He flipped on his lights and walked over the sink, ran the coldest water he could and splashed it on his face. He looked up and at himself in the mirror, staring at the scar that bisected his face. The mark of his failure. Or perhaps it something else? A mark that she had forever changed him. An outward sign that she was always with him. He shook his head and turned away from the mirror. He doubted he would be able to get back to sleep tonight but he felt tired. Tired in his bones. He had been overwhelmed with anxiety as he tried to formulate his plan for escape from the Finalizer. He knew he was working against the clock as Snoke could contact them any day. He got himself something to drink and paced slowly through his room, going over his plan in his head. First he would gather his things, order to have a ship made ready and his things loaded. Then he would meet with Hux to tell him of the “orders” Supreme Leader Snoke had given him. He knew he could convince Hux. Hux was always vulnerable when it came to the communications that existed between force sensitives. He was also jealous. Jealous of the special relationship Kylo had with Snoke. Something Hux would never have. If only he knew how much Kylo had suffered in that relationship. How much he sacrificed to try to gain his approval. He hardly remembered a time when Snoke wasn’t in his head, not really. He had what he considered a somewhat happy childhood for the most part, but there was always this dark presence lingering around him that he didn’t understand. He always knew he was different from his earliest memories. His mother would talk to him about how special he was and how she could tell he would have very special gifts. That made him excited and he loved the way his mother would hold him and gaze into his eyes with so much love and pride. His force abilities began to truly show when he was only five when he levitated his toy gun to him while he was playing outside. He was thrilled and proud of himself at first but then he looked up to see his father watching him. The look of worry on his father’s face made him feel like he was doing something wrong. His mother however came out of the house from where she was watching from the window and praised him. That night she told him all about the Force and what it meant and how it was strong in their family. Her father had it, her brother has it, she has it and now he has it. Why then did his father seem to fear it so much? His uncle would visit with them often and would instruct him in the Force in small ways but told him he was too young to truly begin jedi training. Uncle Luke told him he didn’t want to take him away from his family at too young an age. That was a mistake that others made long ago that he didn’t want to repeat. Ben didn’t really understand what he meant, but he was glad. He loved his home and he wasn’t ready to leave his mother, nor the few friends he had. He didn’t allow himself to admit it when he was little, but for as happy as things seemed, he was very lonely. His mother loved him, he was sure of it, but she was gone a lot, working with the Senate and making laws so that bad people couldn’t do bad things. She was very important and did important things and he was proud of her but he wished she could be like the other mothers and be there to tuck him into bed every night. He loved his father. He knew his father loved him. He didn’t show it the way his mother did but he still knew. His father was an adventurer and flew the most awesome ship in the galaxy, the Millennium Falcon. He would take Ben on flights with him and Chewbacca once in a while and it was so fun. But sometimes, at night, he would overhear his father telling his mother that he was worried about him. Worried that he wasn’t normal. He didn’t understand any of that. He wasn’t a bad boy so why would his father worry about him? Did his Dad not like him because he wasn’t normal? He knew his life wasn’t like other kid’s. When his mom was home, his mom and dad fought a lot and then his father would take his ship and leave for what seemed like forever. As he got older, he began to feel more and more upset about this. He started to feel angry. Resentful of his parents fighting all the time and both of them being gone so much. The dark presence that was only around the very outside of his mind began to get stronger. He would have dark thoughts about himself, about what he could do. He started to feel more violent. It scared him. He remembered that night as he lay in bed and heard Snoke’s voice for the first time. He was 7 years old. The voice was just a whisper and it told him not to be afraid but he could see how lonely his life was. That he had been watching him all his life and he was a special friend who truly understood him. He understood his power and would help him. Ben was terrified at first and tried to ignore the voice but then, after a time, it began to be a comfort to him. The voice was someone he could rely on, someone who was always there. Someone who told him he could be strong, stronger than anyone realized and that he could do amazing things. He wanted that. He wanted that very much. He wanted to be powerful. Kylo tried to snap himself out of his reverie. He hadn’t thought about his early childhood in ages. There wasn’t any point going back there. He knew even now where things began to go wrong but he couldn’t change them. All he could do was try to move forward now and change things in the present. It was hard to think of those early memories for as much as he grew to hate his father and uncle, he had always loved his mother and knew more than anything, the things he had done, caused her excruciating pain. Still, as he began to formulate these plans for escape, he realized he never really hated his father, or his uncle. He had been fed lies for so long he never even knew his own mind. He had so many regrets, so much to be ashamed of. He had so much blood on his hands. The act he regretted the most however, the act that would always haunt him, was killing his father. It was the worst choice he ever made and he regretted it immediately. He could still see his father’s face when he closed his eyes. He had grown so much older but still had his roguish good looks. Good looks his mother always said were passed to him. How could he have been so foolish as to believe that killing his father would take away his torment? Why could he never see that his torment existed because he didn’t belong to the dark side, there was, and always would be, too much light in him. No matter how hard Snoke had tried to extinguish it. No matter how many bloody deeds he committed to try to force himself fully into the dark. Nothing had worked. When he looked into his father’s eyes that last moment, when he felt his father’s hand upon his cheek, he knew he had made a terrible mistake. He didn’t want to admit it though. He stood in shock on that bridge for a long moment. It was only the blaster shot that pulled him to his senses and he looked up to see the traitor and her. The shot, the pain, only seemed to enrage him, making him forget the horrible deed he just committed and sent him out into the snow to fight the traitor. To try to bring Rey back with him. All he wanted was her. He felt that way now more than ever. He wanted to be with her. To try to make her understand he no longer wanted to be this way. He wanted to look into her eyes in her presence and see the same understanding and trust that he saw when she looked at him in his dreams. Now, it seemed, the connection between them was stronger than he realized. He felt something strong and powerful growing inside him that bound them together somehow. When he heard her voice in his head tonight he became more sure than ever that they belonged together. The Force wanted them together. He was sure of it. Chapter 6 : Hiatus Summary: I'm taking a brief hiatus - i'm struggling with my depression and my anxiety is really bad right now too. thank you all for reading. i'm sorry. i hope to get back to writing more sometime. hopefully i will feel more motivated in the future to finish the story Notes: thank you for reading you can find me at thedarkside-and-thelight.tumblr.com