It was morning. You sometimes hate mornings, but it's better when Hux was always the one awake, staring at you beginning to wake up. Today seemed to be a great day, as everything was running normally. And you'll make today, a good day. Hux was gone this time, but you didn't mind. Whatever. He was a busy general, with a busy schedule. You realize tomorrow is the mission that both him, Kylo, and Phasma have to go to. You wanted to go on a mission, since you've never been to one. Hux has always refrained you from going, claiming it was dangerous. Sure, it sounds dangerous, but you like danger. Phasma has discussed with you about the mission and how she wants another woman to come along, just to see what it's like to not he the only woman on the battlefield. You have also discussed your problem with Kylo, but he was half on Hux's side, and half on Phasma's side. That talk with him was preeetty long. Nevertheless, he had to agree with Phasma. "Being in the base to wait like a proper woman does is boring, it seems." was what he says, and fucking hell, it was true. It was boring, though chatting with Mitaka wasn't that bad. The thoughts about Phasma and Kylo Ren 99.99% chance of letting you on the mission and 1% of Hux not letting you on the mission was on your mind as you were changing. You're gonna have to have the guts to talk to Hux about it. You felt a paw gently brushing your leg, and it turned out to be Millicent, wanting to have her breakfast and wanting to be carried by you. You sigh, getting her food and food bowl. Millicent watches as you pour her food into her food bowl. She paws you gently and purred as a way of saying 'thank you', which made you smile. There was a knock on the door, and you went to grab it. You open the door, and it strangely turned out to be both Kylo and Phasma. What the hell for? "Oh. Wow. Company! Come in!" you said, half sarcastic. They walk in slowly, looking at you at the same time. "Hey, princess, did you wake up on the wrong side of the bed?" Phasma asked, and you roll your eyes. "I'm just stressing out if I should ask Hux about going with you three on the mission tomorrow." you grumble, and Kylo breathed hard under his helmet. Whatever the fuck that was supposed to mean. " You didn't talk to him about it yet? " Kylo asks, as he grabbed a nearby chair, and sat down, with Millicent suddenly jumping into his arms. Kylo didn't mind. He casually petted Millicent. "You think that's easy? He sometimes acts like a douche canoe when I bring it up." you spat. "Well, I guess instead of us visiting, we could probably back you up on this." Phasma said. Several minutes later, there was silence. Nobody was aware of a familiar presence behind you. Until Kylo leaned over to the side. Phasma looked at him, and also leaned over to the side, now terrified. "The fuck, you guys? What's wrong?" you ask, and they nervously pointed behind you. Turning around, your eyes widened after realizing Hux was behind you. "Mission? You, (Y/N)? You can't go. I worry about your safety." Hux growled. You didn't take it so lightly. "You? Worrying about my safety? What about it? I'm the one worrying about the safety of all three of you!" you spat, and he looked in surprise. Hux stayed silent, to see what you have to say. "You know how bored I get having to wait for you guys to come back for several hours? I could DIE of boredom. Plus, I can fight, I'm okay, as long as I know when to be careful." you continue, as Kylo and Phasma hid in the kitchen to listen. "I just want you to be safe." Hux said, getting a little irritated. "Safe? I don't think anybody is safe around here or anywhere, whatsoever. Why can't I try something new? I don't care about the dangers I hear from others unless I see for myself. I like danger. Kylo and Phasma are actually ok with it!" you practically yell, and Hux's eyes widened. "They're OK WITH IT!?" he yelled. "Yes, THEY ARE!" you yell louder, which momentarily made Hux wince. "Well I'm not ok with it!" he shouted in reply. You deflated, looking at him sadly. "If you even love me, wouldn't you let me do what I fucking want?" you ask harshly, shoving him away and leaving the room. Hux stood there, and he realized he fucked up. Pretty bad. Kylo and Phasma appeared again, and Phasma shook her head in disappointment. " General, you have done her wrong. You should fix it. " Kylo said, breathing hard under his helmet. "Yeah...let her come with us! She reaaally wants to go on this mission, think about her feelings.." Phasma pleaded. Hux stared at the floor, thinking hard. "I do love her. I'm afraid to lose her if she ever injures herself somehow." "You're kidding, right? We protect her! There's three of us here for a reason!" Phasma grumbled, facepalming. " Go make up to her. Because going on the mission with us is the only thing on her mind. " Kylo growled. "FINE." Hux shouted, and started speed-walking out, searching for you. You were in the mess hall, where you were talking to Mitaka about your shitty problems. Hux searched everywhere, the Mess Hall being the last place. He finally found you, but Mitaka had left before Hux arrived. Whew, no trouble. "(Y/N)..." he called out, and you growled lowly. He winced for a second. "I'm sorry, I really am. Look...please don't be mad. I'll let you go with us on the mission, ok?" "That better be true." "I mean it!" "Then Mitaka is watching Millicent tomorrow." "Deal." You slowly grin and ran to hug him. He almost falls over. "I guess your strength could come in handy. Care to talk to Phasma about the weapons?" he asks, and you nod. Meanwhile, Kylo and Phasma were nearby, and they both did the fist bump. "I'm excited for tomorrow, now." Phasma admitted. "I also look forward to the mission. It'll be quite different." Kylo replied. They both walk away quickly before you and Hux went back, hand in hand.