Leia always knew something was off with Ben, but she’d thought she’d put that to rest during her last visit to Luke’s, when Ben had kissed her and she had pushed him away with the sternest rejection she could manage to her own flesh and blood, fighting down the guilt of hurting someone so emotionally invested in something completely wrong. Clearly, she hadn’t been right in sending him away, though what action she should have taken, she didn't know. The next year he snapped and went over to the Dark Side. Now they were staring each other down and she had never seen such concentrated hurt and anger in someone. Despite the circumstances, she wanted to reach out, embrace her son, her precious Ben, and tell him it would somehow be okay despite everything. He had discarded his helmet purely to make this harder on her, an effective tactic that made the whole thing seem like something out of a nightmare. She’d had this nightmare before, being captured by the First Order, although never in her wildest dreams did she think of Ben personally torturing her. Her mind might’ve known it as a possibility, but her heart refuted it. His hand rested on her face, a surprisingly gentle touch. “This will be easier the less you resist,” he said, resigned, forcibly distant, eyes still burning with emotion he never could quite hide from her. “If you wish I can knock you out afterwards.” She breathed out a shaky laugh that turned into a crying sound. His face twitched, faltered for a moment. “Ben, you don’t have to do this. You know you don’t. Just come home.” “Don’t call me that,” he snapped, real pain lacing his words. “Ben Solo was unlovable and untouchable and weak, and he never had a home. That’s why I got rid of him.” Leia used every ounce of Force sensitivity she had to send him images of the two of them as they had once been, always talking, visits to the Jedi Temple where they’d walked arm in arm, the sun warm on their faces, her hands always fiddling with his unruly hair. With him already trying to creep into her mind, it all transferred easily. He shut his eyes, shuddering. There was some of her old Ben in there, even the parts she didn’t like, even the parts that confused her. He wasn’t dead, not to her. Abruptly, he buried his face in her hair, shoulders slumped. The Force was at war inside him like a maelstrom, but while she could sense it she could not for the life of her stop the storm. Her heart went out to him anew. He had never, ever asked for all this. Was it her fault for passing on her Force abilities to him? If she hadn’t been his mother, would things be like this right now? He pulled back, shaking his head at her. “No. Don’t think such things… Mother. I – it was as out of your hands as it was mine. The Force manifests in who it chooses.” “I wish it had left you alone,” she admitted to him. “All this talk about destinies hasn’t done anything but hurt you.” “You had a hand in that yourself,” he noted, eyes glinting when he looked at her. She didn’t deny it, and after a moment, the venom seemed to leave his voice. “I have been completely alone in a den of wolves for so long I no longer know how else to survive.” She refused to believe it was that cut and dry. Leia knew her son better than that. “It sounds to me more like you just need a way out of that den.” He snorted, hands making light work of hair’s bun; apparently she’d transferred over the things that made this unnerving to her, because he got rid of his gloves, too. The minor changes made things seem more human and familiar, and she was grateful for them. She didn’t appreciate his hand touching her face again to try to reestablish a link with her mind but given she was tied to the interrogation table she would just have to deal with it. For a moment he was silent as he looked at her, forlorn, her little Ben again; all grown up and handsome and dark, and still hers. Hers and Han’s, if he’d let himself be once more. “I missed you,” Ben said quietly, the words falling out his mouth before he could stop them. “I’ve missed you for so long, Mother.” “Come back with me,” she suggested just as softly. “I’ve missed you too.” He closed the distance between them with a kiss; the motion was fluid and swift. Her eyes widened as his shut for a moment, just indulging himself in the sensation. When she gasped, his tongue slipped in, and then he was kissing her enthusiastically, as if he’d been holding it in for a long time, as if she was water in the desert and he needed her to live. Her mind came alive with glimpses of his emotions, of love, devotion, a complete repulsion at the idea of hurting her, and underneath it all a darker, more carnal desire that scared her. She was at his mercy, his hands tangling in her hair, making a satisfied sound in the back of his throat as he allowed himself to pretend for just a few moments she loved him back. Apparently when Leia had tried to tell him she didn’t love him in the same way all those years ago, he’d taken it as an absolute rejection of any affection. That was enough to make her body disobey her mind and start kissing back. She’d never hated him, never quit loving him. She needed to communicate that to him. As Leia’s mind protested, her heart acted for her, trying to reel him back from the Dark side even if it meant this. Tears welled up in his eyes as he moved his mouth to her neck, pressing soft, apologetic kisses there, then biting down to suck hard at her skin, leaving a mark. She wished she wasn’t connected to him through the Force; his arousal ricocheted through her. Given what was happening, it was absurd, but she couldn’t help thinking she was too old for this. He caught that thought. “You’re perfect,” he murmured against her, hands sliding down to massage her shoulders. “You wear your age like a crown.” “Ben, we need to stop this. This really isn’t the time or the place for-” “I turned off the security cameras before I came in. If I had to force information out of you,” he explained guiltily, “I didn’t want to ever watch the footage.” He exhaled, slowly. “Mother, what you were thinking earlier, I – there’s no reason to be afraid of me. I would never hurt you like that.” She confessed to herself it was a new low to think such a thing about him, whatever his misdeeds as Kylo Ren were. “This isn’t how I want this to happen, Ben.” His eyes widened. “…but you have thought about it,” he murmured, stunned. She tried to clamp down on the thought but it was already a flash of a memory in his mind, transferred over before she could stop it. “You wanted this to happen one day.” It was like a half-whispered prayer upon his lips. Leia couldn’t tell which of them was aroused in the fuzziness of their Force link and she didn’t want to try too hard to find out. All she knew was that yes, sometimes she had dreams she intensely regretted having, sometimes she was a horrible mother, some things were just beyond her control. She would never have had them if Ben hadn’t planted the idea in her head. He took her silence for agreement and seemed momentarily too floored to even process the information. His left hand moved lower, gently taking her breast in it. She winced, the bruises the Stormtroopers had left bringing her in making any touch to the area unpleasant. Murderous rage coursed through him instantly, along with the desire to destroy everything in the room with that red lightsaber he’d crafted, but she tried to tug him away from the Dark Side impulses. She was here now. The thought seemed to reduce his anger, and he rested his hand gently on her hip instead, pressing kisses to her mouth, one long and two brief, soft ones, gentle pleas for forgiveness from her. Leia shut her eyes and sighed. This was how it worked with Ben – either everything in the galaxy was his fault or nothing at all was. Why couldn’t he ever just accept that things happened and it was no one’s fault? He slipped his hand lower, under her trousers, and her eyes snapped open to meet his. They were clear and sharp with want, with need, so it shouldn’t have come as a surprise when she felt a strangeness in the Force and heat flooded her lower regions. Leia groaned as his smooth, soft fingers splayed out across her lower abdomen, making gentle circles. His kisses were loving and she would be lying if she said he was bad at it. Ben was surprisingly good to her for something that easily could have gone in a far more… typically First Order direction. “I’ve thought about this too,” he breathed in her ear, huskily. “All the ways I’d make you feel good until you finally loved me again.” Indignant at the implication she’d ever given up on him, she bristled. His chuckle was low and did things do her that had nothing to do with the Force at all. “I know better now, don’t worry. I know exactly what you need now.” Leia was embarrassed that she arched into his fingers when he slipped one into her, thumb massaging her clit gently. She was barely aware of the sound that left her lips before he was pressed closer to her, their bodies pressed close together, and he was hard against her, needy but restraining himself. He’d never had sex with anyone on the interrogation table, but he’d heard third and fourth hand accounts that it always hurt. True to his word, he wasn’t going to harm her, thumb making rolling circle motions while his long, smooth finger pushed in and curled, searching her, filling her up just a little. This was both too much for her to accept was happening and not enough to get her release from. “Tell me you love me,” Ben’s voice purred as he gave her what she could only describe as the most sensual look he was likely capable of. She knew what he was picturing in his mind and was ashamed of how much she was growing increasingly open to the idea. “Tell me you don’t hate me.” “I love you,” she gasped out immediately, because it was true and would be even after this, always would be and oh, oh now there was a second finger and where had he inherited those long, artisan fingers from? The slightest rub of them back and forth had her struggling to remember what she was supposed to say after that. She was sweating slightly, her undone hair making her feel younger, vulnerable, and for the first time she leaned her head up to kiss him willingly. He made a satisfied sound deep in his throat and ground his hips against hers. He was breathless, his free hand moving to palm at his erection, eyes glued to her face, to the way she moved. “Tell me you don’t hate me. That you really want me with the Resistance.” She bit her lip hard enough to make it bleed holding back inappropriate noises as his fingers curled partially into her. “Ben, I could never hate you, I’ve never hated you. I want you with the Resistance, I want you home, I love you so much – and I’m so sorry, Ben, for everything.” “So am I,” he choked out, tears spilling down his cheeks finally, regret overcoming him for a moment. “I never meant to hurt you, I love you, I’ve always loved you, just you…” Leia could feel familiar pressure building up inside her, rode her son’s fingers as much as she could with her movements limited, let him claim her lips as they rocked against each other. Her orgasm hit her with the kind of force that left her unable to form words, his application of the Force keeping it going for several moments longer than she would have thought possible. Exhausted, she leaned against him, and for a moment he disregarded his own impending completion to wrap his arms around her, holding her close, pressing a kiss to the top of her head. “You meant it,” he managed, his voice breaking. He buried his nose in her hair and breathed in her scent deeply, as if steeling himself for something. “Okay. I’ll secure a ship. Just give me two hours and I’ll be back for you. We’ll – we’ll leave.” “Stay safe,” she told him, because even if she should have felt a number of things, she was a mother first and foremost, and all she’d ever wanted for him to be alright. “I love you.” He smiled, weakly. “I love you, too.”