Prologue: Opera Populaire, 1919 3rd Person POV 1919: Ruins of the Opera Populaire Paris, France Mssr. Poe Vicomte Dameron an older man was wheeled towards the old ruined opera house where old memories brewed. "Lot 663 then, ladies and gentlemen: a poster for this house's production of 'Hannibal' by Chalumeau." The auctioneer said as a boy working for him brought out a grand poster featuring La Phasma. "Showing here." The Boy said. Dameron observed with intent as the bidding began. "Do I have ten francs? Five then, Five I am bid. Six, seven. Against you, sir, seven. Eight.? Eight once. Selling twice. Sold, to Monsieur Lefevre." The poster was hauled away. "Thank you very much Lot 664: a wooden pistol and three human skulls, from the production of 'Robert le Diable' by Meyerbeer. Ten francs for this. Ten, thank you. Ten still. Fifteen, thank you. Fifteen I am bid. Going at fifteen. Your number sir?"Finally came the item Mssr.Dameron was looking at as he noticed his old friend Finn. "Lot 665 ladies and gentlemen a papier-mache musical box in the shape of a barrel organ. Attached, the figure of a white monkey in orange Persian robes, playing the cymbals an original BB unit. This item, discovered in the vaults of the theatre, still in working order, ladies and gentlemen." They wound the crank and played an old tune. "Showing here." The boy said and the Viscount nodded to his nursemaid knowing he wanted it. "May I commence at fifteen francs? Fifteen, thank you." THe nurse raised his paddle. "Yes, twenty from you, sir, thank you very much." Madame Finn.twenty-five, thank you, Madame Twenty-five I am bid. Do I hear thirty? " The nurse raised the paddle again. "Thirty. And thirty-five? " Finn shook her head no knowing the Vicomte was desperate to have it. "Selling at thirty francs, then. Thirty once, thirty twice. Sold, for thirty francs to the Vicomte Dameron Thank you sir." They brought the BB-8 music box to the old man whose thoughts were running wild. A collector's piece indeed. every detail exactly as she said. She often spoke of you, my friend. Your velvet lining, and your figurine of lead Will you still play, when all the rest of us are dead? The Auctioneer spoke once again. "Lot 666, then: a chandelier in pieces. Some of you may recall the strange affair of the Phantom of the Opera: a mystery never fully explained. We are told ladies and gentlemen, that this is the very chandelier which figures in the famous disaster. Our workshops have restored it and fitted up parts of it with wiring for the new electric light, so that we may get a hint of what it may look like when re-assembled. Perhaps we may frighten away the ghost of so many years ago with a little illumination, gentlemen?" The men working there pulled and the chandelier began to rise transforming the opera taking the Vicomte back to what happened so many years ago. Chapter 2 : Chapter 1: Think Of Me Summary: 1870: Productions are underway for the opera house's new production of Hannibal and the new managers have come to introduce themselves. But far too many strange things have been happening and La Phasma known as Gwendoline to the people who worked for her and rubbish bin because of the amount of silver she wore to others is done. Can Rey sing in her place? Is the gala ruined? And will her old friend Poe realize that the girl he loved as a child was standing right in front of him? Better yet will Rey ever know who her angel of music is? 1870: Opera Populaire; Paris, France Rey's POV We were rehearsing for Hannibal once again today. My friend Finn and I; Finn short for Finean were late for dance rehearsal with my surrogate mother Madame Organa. It was awful to have to stretch and dance with Phasma's tones as she belted enough to break the window (Which did happen on one occasion and they have since been repaired) Phasma: This trophy From our saviors From our saviors From the enslaving force Of Rome! The chorus sang with the ballet girls waiting in the wings like myself and Finn. Chorus: With feasting and dancing and song Tonight in celebration We greet the victorious throng Returned to bring salvation The trumpet of carthage resound Hear, Romans, now and tremble Hark to our step on ground Hear the drums! Hannibal comes! Hux a ginger haired man with a rat -like face was our leading tenor and Phasma's unfortunate husband. Sad to return To find the land we love Threatened once more By Rome's far-reaching grasp He was cut off by Mssr Tekka walking in with two other gentlemen. "Rehearsals, as you can see, are underway for a new production on Chalumeau's Hannibal "Monsieur Tekka, I am rehearsing!" Our bandmaster and conductor said. "Monsieur Reyer, Madame Organa. Ladies and gentlemen, please, if I could have your attention, thank you. As you know, for some weeks there have been rumors of my imminent retirement. I can now tell you that these are all true. And it is my pleasure to introduce you to the two gentlemen who now own the Opera Populaire: Monsieur Qui-gon Jinn and Monsieur Ben Kenobi. I'm sure you have read of their recent fortune in the Junk business." "Scrap metal, actually."Kenobi added. "They must be rich." Finn whispered to me. "They can buy rubbish bin more silver!" I snickered. "And we are deeply honored to introduce our new patron,The Vicomte Dameron." Mssr. Jinn said and out walked a man I had not seen since childhood. "It's Poe. Before my father died at the house by the sea. I guess you could say we were childhood sweethearts. He called me his little Rey of sunlight."I smiled. "Rey, he's so handsome." Finn replied and I nodded paying attention to Poe and only Poe. "My parents and I are honored to support all the arts, especially the world-renowned Opera Populaire." Poe said. "Vicomte, gentlemen, Madame Gwendoline Phasma, our leading soprano for five seasons." She bowed silver jewelry flowing everywhere. "And her husband Monsieur Hux." "An honor monsieur. I believe I am keeping you from your rehearsal. I will be here this evening to share your great triumph. My apologies, monsieur." He said before leaving. He passed right by us not even giving me a glance. "He wouldn't recognize me." I said sadly. "He didn't see you."Finn assured as we began to dance. It was a way I could take out my emotion. We sang once again. Chorus: Hannibal's Friends! The trumpeting elephant sound Hear, Romans, now and tremble Hark to their step on the ground Hear the drums! Hannibal comes! It was over and the rubbish bin was grumbling as always. "All day. All they want is the dancing!" She shouted her blonde hair flying away from the silver outfit. "Well, the Vicomte is very excited about tonight's gala." I heard one of the new managers say before drowning it out. It was only when the backdrop came down that I was alarmed. Phasma left finally quitting after everything. "Rey can sing it Monsieur." Madame Organa said pushing me towards him. "A chorus girl? No thank you how uncivilized." Monsieur Kenobi said. "She's been taking lessons from a great teacher." Finn argued for me. "From whom?"Monsieur Qui-Gon Jinn asked. "I don't know, sir." I replied. "Let her sing for you, monsieur. She has been well taught."Madame said and I looked to Monsieur Reyer. "From the beginning of the aria then, mam'selle." He said and I nodded. Madame Organa handed me a scarf and I began to sing for the new managers. Think of me think of me fondly, when we've said goodbye. Remember me once in a while please promise me you'll try. I sang at first nervously. "Qui-gon, this is doing nothing for my nerves." Monsieur Kenobi said. "Don't fret, Ben." He replied and I finally found the strength. When you find that, once again, you long to take your heart back and be free if you ever find a moment, spare a thought for me ... They stopped me and decided that I was right fro the part. We jumped into action to get me ready for the gala and I was finally ready to perform this aria once again. We never said our love was evergreen, or as unchanging as the sea but if you can still remember, stop and think of me ... Think of all the things we've shared and seen - don't think about the things which might have been ... Think of me, think of me waking, silent and resigned. Imagine me, trying too hard to put you from my mind. Recall those days, look back on all those times, think of the things we'll never do there will never be a day, when I won't think of you ... I danced as the orchestra played what I didn't see was Poe in the audience finally realizing who I was. Poe's POV When I arrived at the gala I was surprised to see her as radiant as she was in our youth. Can it be? Can it be Rey? What a change! You're really not a bit the gawkish girl that once you were ... She may not remember me, but I remember her ... I knew that I had to see her again. Rey's POV The people were cheering and lovely as ever I was nervous at first but I felt as radiant as the sun. We never said our love was evergreen, or as unchanging as the sea but please promise me that sometimes you will think ah-ah-ah-ah-aaah-of me! When I was finished everyone was clapping. I felt empowered and knew that my angel must be watching for now I wanted to go down to the chapel after the performance to light a candle for my father. Chapter 3 : The Angel Of Music Summary: Rey confides in Finn about her angel and meets Poe once again but how will her angel feel about the sudden turn of events? Rey's POV I sat in the chapel lighting the candle to say a prayer for my father Luke Skywalker. Even now I missed him so much. I was brought out of my trance by a voice. "Bravi, bravi, bavissimi... " I looked up to see who it was but then heard Finn. "Where in the world Have you been hiding? Really - you were perfect I only wish I knew your secret Who is this new Tutor? " She asked and I smiled. It was a small, sad smile, but one I would explain to her. "Finn, When your mother brought me here to live. Whenever I come down here alone To light a candle for my father, a voice from above, and in my dreams. He was always there for you see, when my father lay dying, he told me I will be protected by an angel. An angel of music." I explained most likely sounding hysterical. "Rey, do you believe? Do you think the spirit of your father tutored you?" Finn asked. "Who else Finn? Who?, Rey: Father once spoke of an angel I used to dream he'd appear Now as I sing I can sense him And I know he's here Here in this room he calls me softly Somewhere inside, hiding Somehow I know he's always with me He, the unseen genius I smiled and Finn looked at me worriedly as she helped me up. Finn: Rey, friend you must have been dreaming Stories like this can't come true Rey, friend you're talking in riddles And it's not like you We walked through the opera house. Rey: Angel of music, guide and guardian Grant to me your glory Finn: Who is this angel? This Both: Angel of music, hide no longer Secret and strange angel I stopped suddenly frightened at the thought of it. Rey: He's with me even now Finn: Your hands are cold Rey: All around me Finn: Your face, Sweet Rey, it's white Rey: It frightens me Finn: Don't be frightened Finn calmed me down and we walked back to my dressing room where Madame Organa sat waiting for me. "You did well my dear." She said with a smile. She handed me a red rose with a black ribbon tied around it. "He is pleased with you." I took the rose gently in my hands as she left. The very thought of it was intriguing. I sat there for awhile until my door opened again. "Little Rey let her mind wander." I turned to see Poe holding a bouquet of beautiful flowers as he walked towards me. "Poe!" I exclaimed with a smile. "Little Rey thought: Am I fonder of dolls. Or of goblins, of shoes. Or of riddles. of frocks." "Those picnics in the attic." I smiled thinking of my father. "Or of chocolates." He smirked along. "Father playing the violin." "As we read to each other dark stories of the North." "No what I love best, Rey said, is when I'm asleep in my bed, and the Angel of Music sings songs in my head!" "The Angel of Music sings song in my head!" We said together. I looked him deep in the eyes. I had missed him so much, hadn't I? "Father said, "When I'm in heaven, child, I will send the Angel of Music to you". Well, father is dead, Poe, and I have been visited by the Angel of Music." For a moment he too looked at me like I was crazy. "No doubt of it. And now we'll go to supper! "He smiled standing up. "No, Poe, the Angel of Music is very strict. " I insisted standing up. "I shan't keep you up late!" "No, Poe." "You must change. I must get my hat. Two minutes my little Rey of sunlight!" HE smiled and then left. "No Poe, Poe wait!" I said but it was too late as I changed into my nightclothes my candles blew out. Oh no what was happening? "Insolent boy! This slave of fashion basking in your glory! Ignorant fool! This brave young suitor, sharing in my triumph!" His voice boomed and I was frightened. Rey: Angel! I hear you! Speak -I listen . . . stay by my side, guide me! Angel, my soul was weak - forgive me . . . enter at last, Master! I begged forgiveness still fearful. Angel voice: Flattering child, you shall know me, see why in shadow I hide! I smiled as he revealed himself in the mirror wearing a black half mask which covered his eyes (A/N: I will make this work I promise ;P) Rey: Angel of Music! Guide and guardian! Grant to me your glory! Angel of Music! Hide no longer! Come to me, strange angel... I was transfixed by him. I had to be with him as he sang to me. Angel: I am your Angel of music Come to me: Angel of Music And what was I to do? With Poe at my door and the man I yearned to meet since I was child? I gave into my fnatasy and took his leather gloved hand into a night and a fantasy.... Chapter 4 : Chapter 4: The Phantom Summary: Rey makes the decision to go with her phantom but is everything what it seems to be? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) I was transfixed as I let my world melt away and took his hand walking into his own. I was wearing nothing but a nightgown and a wrap over it to keep me warm. The cold stone of the opera house striking my feet but it didn't matter to me, I was enamored by the magic he had brought me into. REY In sleep he sang to me In dreams he came That voice which calls to me and speaks my name And do I dream again for now I find The Phantom of the Opera is there Inside my mind He led me through the stone tunnels towards a horse. PHANTOM Sing once again with me Our strange duet My power over you grows stronger yet And though you turn from me to glance behind The Phantom of the Opera is there Inside your mind. I rode for awhile before nearing the canal where I was led to a boat. I sat down still amazed by everything I was seeing. REY: Those who have seen your face Draw back in fear I am the mask you wear PHANTOM It's me they hear... BOTH Your/My spirit and my/your voice in one combined The Phantom of the Opera is there/here Inside my/your mind I was slightly brought out of my trance hearing other voices around us? BACKGROUND He's there, the phantom of the opera! Beware, the phantom of the opera! He's there, the phantom of the opera! Beware the phantom of the opera! PHANTOM In all your fantasies, you always knew that man and mystery I turn to face him. REY Were both in you BOTH And in this labyrinth where night is blind the Phantom of the Opera is there/here, inside my/your mind We were finally in his home I was awestruck. PHANTOM Sing, my Angel of music! He commanded and so I did. REY He's there, the phantom of the opera PHANTOM Sing for me Sing Sing, my Angel! Sing! Sing for me! I belted higher and higher only for him, breathless after my last note. He removed his cape the black half-mask ever present. But other than that he was gorgeous with deep dark locks and a brooding look about him. (FYI: How I felt when I first saw Kylo Ren in the movie! I absolutely adore Adam Fricking Driver!). I was still just amazed by him in general speechless at all of it as he took my hand helping me out of the boat. And then he began to use his magic on me once again. "I have brought you, to the seat of sweet music's throne to this kingdom where all must pay homage to music, music. You have come here, for one purpose, and one alone, since the moment I first heard you sing, I have needed you with me to serve me to sing, for my music, my music." He said and I smiled. Night time sharpens, heightens each sensation Darkness stirs and wakes imagination Silently the senses abandon their defenses Slowly, gently night unfurls it's splendor Grasp it, sense it, tremulous and tender Turn your face away from the garish light of day Turn your thoughts away from cold unfeeling light And listen to the music of the night Close your eyes and surrender to your darkest dreams Purge your thoughts of the life you knew before Close your eyes, let your spirit start to soar And you'll live as you've never lived before Softly, deftly, music shall surround you feel it, hear it, closing in around you Open up your mind, let your fantasies unwind In this darkness which you know you cannot fight The darkness of the music of the night He led me through his home. I saw beautiful sketches of the ballerinas, a diorama of our stage including a small marionette that looked like me in the gown I wore for the show tonight. Let your mind start a journey to a strange new world Leave all thoughts of the world you knew before Let your soul take you where you long to be Only then can you belong to me Time seemed to slow down his hands running down the sides of my waist. I had abandoned my wrap in the boat. His leather clad hands felt like magic on my small hips. Floating, falling, sweet intoxication Touch me, trust me, savour each sensation Let the dream begin, let your darker side give in To the power of the music that I write The power of the music of the night We walked a bit further where I then saw a mannequin in a wedding gown. A mannequin that looked very much like me. In the rush of things I fainted feeling him lift me up and place me on the soft bed. You alone can make my song take flight Help me make the music of the night Darkness overtook me and the memory of the magic around me with it. Phantom's POV She was so breathtakingly beautiful. I wanted to keep her but I couldn't do that. She was too fragile, too light for the dark side of me. I removed my mask and looked into the mirror. Who could love a scarred, hated, man like me? "You have to return her sometime Ben." I turned around to see Madame Organa. She was my benefactor. The only one I could ever trust. The only one I ever let see my scars. "I asked you not to call me that." I growled. "I just worry fro you and for her. You can't get into trouble, not like you used to." "I understand, but she's asleep, I'll return her when she wakes." I replied and she nodded leaving me be. I turned to writing more music for my opera. She would stay, she would love me, wouldn't she? Notes: Ah! I put in a different POV look at that! Here's a new chapter for my loyal followers. Love you! Chapter 5 : I Remember Summary: Rey awakens at the Phantom's home and remembers what happened. But what will she see when she's tempted to remove his mask? Rey's POV When I awoke I saw the music box next to me. Where was I? What had happened? And then I realized as I got up and walked out of the bedroom. 'I remember there was mist... Swirling mist upon a vast glassy lake There were candles all around, and on the lake there was a boat And in the boat there was a man' I turned to see him at his organ. I got closer to him. 'Who was that shape in the shadows? Whose is the face in the mask?' I ran my hands down his shoulders before reaching up to his mask. I finally worked my fingers around it and pried it off. He covered his face with his hand and pushed me to the ground. 'Damn you! You little prying Pandora You little demon Is this what you wanted to see?' He said and ripped a curtain off of a mirror and I got a glimpse of his face before he turned again. 'Curse you, you little lying Delilah! You little viper Now you cannot ever be free! Damn you, curse you...' I was still so confused how could he be so frightening. 'Stranger than you dreamt it Can you even dare to look, or bear to think of me This loathsome gargoyle Who burns in hell, But secretly yearns for heaven Secretly, secretly... But Rey... Fear can turn to love You'll learn to see, to find the man behind the monster This repulsive carcass Who seems a beast but secretly dreams of beauty, Secretly, secretly... Oh, Rey," I glanced down at his mask and picked it up. He placed it back on before helping me up. "Come we must return the two fools who run my theater will be missing you."He said and I obliged as he gave some clothes to change into as we went back to my dressing room where Leia was waiting. "You should've returned her earlier! Everyone is concerned for where she was!" Leia said and he nodded. "Come on dear we have to get you ready for the show tonight." She said and I nodded as he went back in his mirror. "I've got to tell the managers you returned Finn go take Rey to get some rest." We both nodded and went back to the dormitory. "What happened down there?" Finn asked. "It was magical but it frightened me as well. I'm still tired."I said and she laid me down and I fell asleep. When I Woke up again and MAdame told me I'd be playing the page boy in the opera against the Phantom's wishes. This could not possibly go well. Chapter 6 : Il Muto Disaster Summary: The opera begins but the ghost is angry and what can Rey do but hide in the arms of her beloved Poe? We began the opera myself as the pageboy and Phasma as the countess. The chorus came on first and I heard them through the curtain. 'They say that this youth has set my Lady's heart aflame! His Lordship, sure, would die of shock His Lordship is a laughing-stock! Should he suspect her, God protect her! Shame! Shame! Shame! This faithless lady's bound for HADES! Shame! Shame!! Shame!' The curtain opened to reveal Phasma and I. 'Serafimo - your disguise is perfect.' Three knocks came from the prop door. Hux entered dressed as the count. 'Who can this be?' 'Gentle wife, admit your loving husband. My love - I am called to England on affairs of State, And must leave you with your new maid.' He then grabbed Finn's arse in playacting. "Though I'd happily take the maid with me!" He exclaimed. "The old fool's leaving!"Phasma said to the crowd. 'I suspect my young bride is untrue to me, I shall not leave but will hide over there. To observe her. Adieu, Adieu, Adieu.' He hid behind the door and I removed the skirt hiding my pageboy pants. 'Serafimo - away with this pretence! You cannot speak, but kiss me in my husband's absence! Poor fool, he makes me laugh! Haha, Haha... Time I tried to get a better better half! Poor fool, he doesn't know! Hoho, Hoho... If he knew the truth, he'd never, ever go!' I looked up to see the booming voice to see if I could see him. "Did I not instruct that box five was to be kept empty?!" He shouted. "He's here! I know it!" I exclaimed. This was when Phasma grabbed my wrist. It would definitely leave a bruise. "Your part is silent! Little toad!" She hissed. Was she ever wrong. As she tried to sing again she croaked like the frog that she was. The curtain's closed and the managers grabbed my hand. "Ladies and gentlemen, the performance will continue in ten minutes' time. When the role of the Countess will be sung by Miss Christine Daae. "The people cheered as I was ushered offstage and to the dressing room. But everything was thrown into chaos once again because now a man had been murdered. Running through the crowd I found Poe. "Where are you taking me?!" He asked. "We have to get out of here!" I exclaimed and we began to run through the opera house. (R=Rey, P=Poe, obviously) P: Why have you brought me here? R:We can't go back there! P: We must return! R:He'll kill you! His eyes will find us there! P:Please Rey, don't say that R: Those eyes that burn! P: Don't even think it R:And if he has to kill a thousand men P: Forget this waking nightmare R:The Phantom of the Opera will kill P: This phantom is a fable Believe me R: and kill again! P: There is no Phantom of the Opera R: My God, who is this man P: My God, who is this man R:...who hunts to kill? P:...this mask of death? R: I can't escape from him P: Whose is this voice you hear R:...I never will! P:...with every breath? Both: And in this labyrinth, where light is blind the Phantom of the Opera is here/there inside your/my mind P: There is no Phantom of the Opera We had finally made it to the roof of the opera house! How could he not believe me?! I could no longer look at Poe I was so terribly frightened. Rey: Poe, I've been there, to his world of unending night To a world where the daylight dissolves into darkness, darkness Poe, I've seen him! Can I ever forget that sight? Can I ever escape from that face? So distorted,deformed, it was hardly a face, in the darkness, darkness But his voice filled my spirit with a strange, sweet sound In that night there was music in my mind And through music my soul began to soar! And I heard as I'd never heard before Poe: What you heard was a dream and nothing more Rey: Yet in his eyes all the sadness of the world Those pleading eyes, that both threaten and adore Poe: Rey, Rey I began to hyperventilate as I looked at the rose he had sent me that night. He frightened me and I Did not know what to do. And then I heard his voice. "Rey..." I was panicked as Poe came and wrapped his arms around me. "What was that?"I asked tears threatening to fall as I looked at him. He made me relax and I let myself go dropping the rose. Poe: No more talk of darkness, Forget these wide-eyed fears. I'm here, nothing can harm you. my words will warm and calm you. Let me be your freedom, let daylight dry -your tears. I'm here, with you, beside you, to guard you and to guide you. I smiled at him. Rey: Say you love me every waking moment, turn my head with talk of summertime. Say you need me with you, now and always. promise me that all you say is true that's all I ask of you. P:Let me be your shelter, let me be your light. You're safe: No-one will find you your fears are far behind you. R: All I want is freedom, a world with no more night. and you always beside me to hold me and to hide me. We walked around the roof of the opera house. P:Then say you'll share with me one love, one lifetime. Let me lead you from your solitude. Say you need me with you here, beside you. anywhere you go, let me go too Rey, that's all I ask of you. R: Say you'll share with me one love, one lifetime. say the word and I will follow you. BOTH Share each day with me, each night, each morning. R: Say you love me. P: You know I do. B:Love me -that's all I ask of you. Looking at me I wasn't expecting his lips to meet mine. But I reciprocated. As we broke apart I looked at him again. B: Anywhere you go let me go too. Love me -that's all I ask of you. Still gasping for breath after we kissed again I smiled. "I must go -they'll wonder where I am. wait for me, dear Poe!" I giggled. "Sweet Rey, I love you!"He replied. "Order your fine horses! Be with them at the door!" "And soon you'll be beside me!" "You'll guard me, and you'll guide me." We ran back inside and I began to perform the opera once more not knowing what was transpiring on the roof. Phantom's POV I was gutted as they headed back into the opera house together. How could she betray me like that?! I picked up the rose, my rose, that she had dropped. I gave you my music . . . made your song take wing . . . and now, how you've repaid me: denied me and betrayed me . . . He was bound to love you when he heard you sing . . . Rey ... Rey... I heard them somehow and I became angry. Say you'll share with me, one love, one lifetime... Say the word and I will follow you... Share each day with me Each night, each morning No more, she would pay, they would all pay now! You will curse the day you did not do! All that the Phantom asked of you! I laughed as the show was over and the chandelier went down just in front of her. Yes they would all pay. Chapter 7 : Masquerade Summary: Three months later and there has been no sign of the Phantom. Now at the beginning of a new year the opera house is celebrating with a masquerade. what will happen if the phantom returns? No one's POV **Three months later** The phantom had disappeared and the two managers were ecstatic enough to replace the chandelier and have a party for New Years. Qui-gon: M'sieur Kenobi! Obi-Wan: M'sieur Qui-Gon! Q: Dear Obi, What a splendid party! O: The prologue To a bright new year! Q: Quite a night! I'm impressed! O: Well, one does one's best.... B: Here's to us! O: A toast for all the city! Q: What a pity that the 'Phantom' Can't be here! The two began the party as many supporters of the opera house came out of the woodwork. Dressed as arious creatures and characters they all loved the new life breathed into the place so much that they could almost sing. Chorus: Masquerade! Paper faces on parade... Masquerade! Hide your face So the world will Never find you! Masquerade! Every face a different shade... Masquerade! Look around - There's another Mask behind you! Flash of mauve... Splash of puce... Fool and king... Ghoul and goose... Green and black... Queen and priest... Trace of rouge... Face of beast... Faces... Take your turn, take a ride On the merry-go-round... |in an inhuman race... \Eye of gold... Thigh of blue... True is false... Who is who...? Curl of lip... Swirl of gown... Ace of hearts... Face of clown... Faces... Drink it in, drink it up Till you've drowned In the light... In the sound... But who can name the face...? Masquerade! Grinning yellows Spinning reds... Masquerade! Take your fill - Let the spectacle Astound you! Masquerade! Burning glances Turning heads... Masquerade! Stop and stare At the sea of smiles Around you! Masquerade! Seething shadows Breathing lies... Masquerade! You can fool Any friend who Ever knew you! Masquerade! Leering satyrs Peering eyes... Masquerade! Run and hide - But a face will Still pursue you! As the night went on more familiar faces came like Hux in deep blue dressed like a rat, Phasma all in silver, and madame Leia in white dressed like a princess, and Finn clad in a man's jacket over her red dress, her dark skin accentuated in the glow of the candles. Phasma: What a night! Qui-Gon: What a crowd! Obi-wan: Makes you glad! Q: Makes you proud! All the crème De la crème! P: Watching us watching them! Leia/Finn:And all our fears are in the past! O: Three months! Hux: Of relief! P: Of delight! O: Of Elysian peace! Q:And we can breathe at last! P: No more notes! H: No more ghost! L: Here's a health O: Here's a toast: To a prosperous year! Q: To the new Chandelier! Hux/Phasma: And may its splendour never fade! Q:Three months! L: What a joy! F: What a change! Obi-wan/Qui-gon: What a blessed release! L: And what a masquerade! The group danced away and then came along Rey and Poe. She wore a diamond ring on a chain around her neck as the two had become engaged she just didn't wish for her former angel to hear of it. Poe was not as easily swayed. Rey's POV I wanted to convince Poe to keep it a secret but he didn't want to. I wasn't ready to announce to the world our engagement. Rey: Think of it! A secret engagement! Look - your future bride! Just think of it! Poe: But, why is it secret? What have we to hide? You promised me. He went to kiss me and I withdrew. R: No, Poe, please don't, they'll see... P: Won't we let them see? It's an engagement, not a crime! Please, Rey, what are you afraid of? R: Let's not argue... P: Let's not argue... R:Please pretend... P:I can only hope I'll... R: You will... Both: understand In time... I smiled and nodded as we joined the party dancing among the others. ALL Masquerade! Paper faces on parade... Masquerade! Hide your face So the world will Never find you! Masquerade! Every face a different shade... Masquerade! Look around - There's another Mask behind you! Masquerade! Burning glances Turning heads... Masquerade! Stop and stare At the sea of smiles Around you! Masquerade! Grinning yellows Spinning reds... Masquerade! Take your fill - Let the spectacle Astound you! And as we stopped he appeared from the shadows at the top of the staircase. We were silent as church mice. We were afraid of what was to happen. Poe walked away from me holding onto his sword as I watched the phantom descend the staircase. He was dressed all in red with a skull mask covering his face. Phantom: Why so silent, good Messieurs? Did you think that I had left you for good? Have you missed me, good Messieurs? I have written you an opera! I was mesmerized as he removed a manuscript from his robe. P: Here I bring the finished score - "Don Juan Triumphant"! I stepped back a little bit as he removed his sword to point it at respective people. P: Fondest greetings To you all! A few instructions Just before Rehearsal starts: Phasma must Be taught to act Not her normal trick Of strutting round the stage Our Don Juan must Lose some weight - It's not healthy in A man of Hux's age And my managers Must learn That their place is in An office, not the arts He put away his sword and began to walk towards me. P: As for our star, Miss Rey Skywalker No doubt she'll Do her best - it's True, her voice is Good. She knows, though, should she wish to excel She has much still to learn If pride will Let her Return to me, her Teacher Her teacher... Walking down to me his eyes met mine, I was scared and yet transfixed at the same time. That was until he noticed the ring on my neck. "Your chains are still mine!"He said before whispering to me silently. "You belong to me!" He hissed before removing the ring and vanishing. I was confused as to what just happened and what would happen if we performed this show. I nearly fainted onto the floor of the opera house. There was no way out this time. Chapter 8 : The Story Summary: Poe chases after Leia in the aftermath of the masquerade. Poe's POV After he disappeared from the masquerade everyone fell into a chaos. Rey went to the dorms and I chased after Madame Leia. "Madame Leia. Madame Leia..." I said trying to stop her. "Please, Monsieur, I know no more than anyone else."She replied. "That's not true." "Monsieur, don't ask, there have been too many accidents" "Accidents? Please, Madame Leia, for all our sakes..." I begged and she finally stopped at the door to her flat. "Very well." She replied and led me inside. "But what I tell you never leaves this flat." She insisted and I nodded as she turned the lights on. Leia's POV I looked over to Poe. Could I tell someone the truth after all of these years? I had to. I sat down across from Poe. "It was years ago." I began to explain. "There was a travelling fair in the city. Gypsies I was very young,just beginning my work as the ballet mistress. It was a few years before Meg was born. And the girls begged for me to take them there." I said and was transported to that moment so long ago. *Flashback* The girls were so excited to be at the fair. It unnerved me in some strange way. "Come, come, come inside." The man said. "Come and see the devil's child." The girls crept closer to the tent. "The devil's child?"The girls asked me walking closer and I joined them in the tent. What I saw there horrified me. A little boy sat in a cage a burlap sack covering his face. The man went in and beat him before removing his mask. He wasn't deformed he was a child with some unfortunate scarring on his face. Everyone laughed but I couldn't. He was just a child and I wanted to be able to take him in. I stayed behind as the girls went back to the opera house but what I saw would haunt me always. The boy in his rage killed the cruel gypsy. Another gypsy saw and tried to chase us but I picked up the boy from his cage and ran back to the opera house. I would keep him safe. *End flashback* I took him in and raised him as my own. I taught him, I loved him, I was the mother he never had and he was my son, my Ben." I cried and Poe just looked at me with sadness. "I have hidden him from the world and its cruelty is. He has known nothing else of life since then. Except this opera house. It was his playground and now his artistic domain He's a genius, he's an architect and designer. He's a composer and a magician. A genius, monsieur." I said trying to appeal to him. "But clearly, Madame Leia, genius has turned to madness." Poe replied getting up and walking to the door. "I'll keep your secrets Madame Leia." He said and I nodded. I knew now that my little boy couldn't have me protect him any longer.