Hux rarely slept at all. He had too much to do, too many responsibilities to take care of, and not enough time in the day alone to get everything done. So it was not at all unusual for him to be up late into the night, doing work on a datapad. But sometimes it got to be too much, and he would have to take a brisk walk around to keep himself awake. Sacrificing fifteen minutes to a break in paperwork was a better solution than risking falling asleep and not finishing his goals for the day. That was how he found out about Ren. It would have appeared to someone like Hux that Ren slept even more than the usual amount. He went to his quarters at a decent time but rarely showed his face–or rather, mask– outside his room before 1100. Not that Hux paid that close attention to where Ren was or what he was doing. On tonight’s brisk walk, Hux found himself outside Kylo’s quarters, somewhere he had not intentionally planned to go. As he walked down the hall adjacent to Ren’s room, he heard the unmistakable sound of a shocked scream. Hux paused. The sound had stopped abruptly, and then as he got closer to the door out of sheer curiosity, he could just barely hear muffled sobs. Disturbed and unwilling to deal with Kylo’s shenanigans at this hour, he simply decided to keep walking past. Once back in his room, Hux tried to focus back in on the task at hand, which, for the moment, was filing paperwork about the damage Ren continuously did to his ship. But the work was getting more and more difficult to concentrate on as he replayed the sound of Ren crying in his head. Hux thought about his options. He could 1) go back to Ren’s quarters, which was a stupid idea and would let Kylo know Hux had heard him or 2) slightly misuse his power as general of the ship and look at the security footage from Ren’s room. He obviously decided on option number two, pulling up the footage on a datapad and rewinding it ten minutes. On the screen, Ren was sleeping, his messy hair framing his face like some sort of crown. But there was nothing peaceful about his face, contorted into a scowl and then into a fearful expression, until finally he shot up into bed with a start and a yell. Ren sat there for a second, clearly dazed and tormented by whatever he had dreamt about, then he brought his head to his hands and began to cry. Hux felt like he had seen something he was never meant to and shut the datapad off before it could catch up to the present. So that’s what it was, he thought. Nightmares. He wondered how often Ren had these night terrors, how often he woke up just to have a breakdown. Hux even allowed himself a small bit of sympathy for Ren, until he reminded himself that Ren was the reason behind half of the work he had yet to get down for the night. He pushed the thought to the back of his mind. Apparently, though, Hux didn’t forget to think about Ren nearly as often as he thought, and every night now his feet would take him to right outside Kylo’s door and he would linger there for a second, just to hear if Ren was sleeping alright or not, and then would leave. Hux didn’t know it, but Kylo could tell he when he was there. Hux’s presence emitted annoyance at himself the first few nights, but after a week, all he would feel when Hux would stand outside the door was reassurance. Kylo couldn’t understand this change in feelings, because Hux still treated him just as coldly in person during the day. But Kylo knew plenty about hiding things: feelings, intentions, and even love. Hux would probably think he was covering his emotions well, when in reality he was radiating them. Hux was about as force-sensitive as a brick, Kylo noted. Hux also didn’t know that the dreams the Kylo had been having were changing. He’d been plagued with bad dreams since he could remember, but they were always full with so much rage and anger and spite that all they did was egg Kylo on to make choices that led to the dark side. But lately they had been more than just angry, they had been sad. They had touched something in his heart that he thought was dead: his attachments to his family. He knew Snoke was testing him, trying to ready him to kill his fath– Han Solo. The nightmares only instilled emotional turmoil into Kylo instead of helping him make his decisions, as they usually did. He let Hux continue to visit the outside of his door. One night, Hux almost reached out to knock. He almost made the choice to attempt to console Ren. But the thought went through his mind that that was ridiculous. Feelings, themselves, were ridiculous and shouldn’t be acted upon, or even recognized. Kylo wished he had acted. And when Hux returned to his own quarters, he wished he had acted too. That was the night before Starkiller was destroyed. The night before Hux’s whole world came tumbling down at the destruction of his life’s achievement. The night before Kylo made a decision that would change him forever; scar him forever. Most of the thoughts running through Hux’s head when Ren was brought aboard the Finalizer were about Kylo. Was he okay? Probably not, if Snoke had ordered him to go after him. But would he be okay eventually? Hux found himself hoping and had to scoff at himself as he dug his nails into his palms out of nervous habit. He went to see Ren in the medical wing as soon as he felt like the medical droids had enough time to tend to his wounds. He hated himself for even bothering. Why should he care, he thought, as he stared at Kylo, who had no doubt lost a significant amount of blood and was now under a very strong form of sedative. He looked peaceful, like he never did when he had those dreams of his, like Hux knew, but wasn’t supposed to. One of his arms looked like it had been nearly severed, and his face was gashed open on one side. Hux pulled a chair from the edge of the room up to the bed on which Kylo lay, and sat down, keeping his gaze fixated on his face. You could have died, you know, his thoughts projected at Kylo, although he had no idea if he could hear him or not. You could have died and I wouldn’t have… I wouldn’t have ever been able to tell you that I knew about–. Hux’s hand floated to Kylo’s much larger one, and he rest his gloved hand on top of Ren’s before lacing their fingers together. It was then that Hux’s exhaustion hit him. He realized he had not slept for more than 4 hours in three days. He laid his head down on the small amount of bed space Kylo did not occupy and left his hand with Kylo’s. He promised to wake up before Kylo did. It must have been an hour or more later when he jolted awake at the sound of a medical droid, who had began to change the dressage on Kylo’s wounds. Ren was still knocked out from whatever medication they put him on. Hux instructed the medical droid to retrieve him as soon as Ren woke, and promptly left. He didn’t sleep for the rest of the night, although he tried. He was wide-awake at 1600 when a droid identified itself outside the door and let him know Ren was stirring. Hux didn’t bother to worry about the fact that all he was wearing was an undershirt with his regulation pants and boots. He should have grabbed his greatcoat on the way out or at least threw on something over the top. He didn’t. When he arrived back in the medical wing, Ren was propped up in the bed and pouting ever so slightly. “Supreme Leader ordered me to inform you that you are to report to him as soon as you are well enough to do so.” “Is that the only reason you’re here?” Ren asked. Hux made a spilt second decision. “Yes. I will be leaving now.” “Stay.” Hux felt panic rising up into his throat as he turned to face Kylo again. “You can’t lie to a force user, Hux,” Kylo continued, his expression changed from pouting to pleased with himself. “I did not lie to you. That was the message Snoke told me to give you,” Hux faked confusion. “You’re very dense if you think I didn’t know you were here earlier and that you were outside my door all those nights.” “How dare you even presume I–” “Would you stop being so stubborn and just admit it!” Ren would’ve yelled if it hadn’t hurt the wound on his side so badly. Hux stopped talking and just stared back at Kylo, listening to what he had to say. “I wish you would’ve chosen to knock on my door that night. I wish you had chosen to talk to me,” Kylo continued, sounding almost broken, before breaking his gaze with Hux and looking off to the side of the room, opened his mouth, and the shut it again, like he suddenly had lost the will to continue. “You really think it would have been proper for me to do that?” Hux asked. “Just walk in and attempt to console you, Ren? You, who in fits of unpredictable rage destroys half my ship? You might have snapped or something.” “Those dreams were different,” and then Kylo proceeded tell Hux what had happened, every tired and emotional detail of what was happening behind those doors, as Hux slowly made his way to the edge of the bed and sat down, tentatively. “And, besides,” said Kylo as he finished his story, “I couldn’t have hurt you.” “Why not? Everyone is mortal, here, as far as I’m aware. Anyone could get hurt.” Even you, Hux thought, almost hoping Ren was listening, Doing something like this before I could tell you– Hux didn’t finish the thought. He didn’t know what words he was looking for. “But I wouldn’t have hurt you,” Ren said, knowing that Hux still did not understand what he meant. No matter how Hux felt, he would constantly brush anything Ren said off and dismiss it. So Ren tried to show him instead, moving towards the opposite edge of the bed and pulling Hux down with one arm to lie next to him on the now empty space. Hux didn’t protest and Ren felt him relax as he rested his head next to Ren’s, grabbing Kylo’s hand and lacing his fingers into his own again. They fell asleep like that, to the rhythm of each other’s breathing. After that it became a habit. Hux would come to the medical wing at night, secretly and quietly. It was obvious to both men that they just slept better when they were closer to each other. When Ren would wake up from a nightmare, Hux would be there to calm him down. Hux’s insomnia inexplicably became less and less until he actually began to sleep a decent amount of time. Somehow the two had found solace in each other, something no one else could. This habit carried over after Ren left the medical ward one night, with Kylo showing up to Hux’s door one night and Hux finding himself welcoming him. He might have even smiled at Kylo, to his own surprise. When Hux woke the next morning in his room, Kylo’s chest was pressed up against his back, his arms wrapped around his waist. Hux felt quite small like this, but he derived some comfort in it. He thought, maybe he could stay like this. Maybe he and Kylo were meant for something more. What defined their relationship at this point? Certainly Kylo was no longer just another commander of the First Order to Hux. He was more. Were they in a relationship? Was Hux truly falling in love with a man that was so out of control yet so reassuring? Falling in love. Hux was overtaken for a moment by the implications of this thought that he had. It was time to get up, before he overthought too hard. This was simple, wasn’t it? Wasn’t the mutual decision to sleep in the same room for the sole purpose of bettering their own health and therefore benefiting the First Order? Yes. This was all this was. He got out of bed and into the sonic shower before Ren had a chance to react to the fact that his presence was gone. When he got out and dressed, Ren was sitting on the bed, waiting for something and staring at him. Unlike Hux, who was dressed in regulation uniform already, Kylo was still disheveled and sleepy looking. “Good morning, Ren. It’s early for you, isn’t it?” “I wanted to say goodbye to you before I left,” Ren said, standing and walking closer. “Well,” Hux said, busing himself with putting on his greatcoat, “goodb—” He was cut off by Ren’s lips meeting his own hurriedly, but gently. Kylo pulled back quickly, took one look at Hux’s surprised face, and rushed out the door. Hux was too stunned to think for a second, but as soon as he collected his thoughts, he knew he should have seen this coming. The kiss occupied his thoughts for the rest of the day, leaving him anxious and wanting more, and Ren was nowhere to be found. Hux could hardly imagine that Kylo felt embarrassment or regret; he was never known to have shown these emotions before. And Hux himself? Well, he had known for sometime now that Kylo meant something to him, but he had just been busying himself with purposely finding excuses for his feelings. He found himself standing outside Ren’s quarters at the end of the day, where he had so many times before, but this time, he chose to knock on the door. Ren answered with the helmet on. “What is it, General Hux?” his voice wavered slightly even through the voice modulator. Hux stepped inside without allowing Ren to protest and stood what he would usually consider uncomfortably close to Kylo, but he was tired of fighting his feelings. “Take your mask off, Ren. We have slept in the same bed for a week now; I know what your face looks like. And, I have something else to say.” To his surprise, Kylo obeyed almost immediately, though maybe a little confused. “If you’re going to kiss me, do it properly,” Hux said lowly, staring into Kylo’s eyes. Kylo didn’t hesitate as he wrapped his arms around Hux’s waist and leaned in to meet Hux’s lips. Kylo had no real technique, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t good at it. He kissed with a passion, need, and with enthusiasm, regardless of how out of control he was. His lips were soft and warm and perfect, and Hux honestly wished he had done this so much sooner as he backed them up to Kylo’s bed and lowered himself onto Kylo’s lap, his knees on either side of the larger man’s thighs. Hux carded his fingers through Kylo’s hair and pulled him even closer towards himself, if it were possible. Kylo made a needy noise in the back of his throat when he did it. Hux broke the kiss for a breath, hating himself for the basic need to breathe, but he took the opportunity to praise Ren¬– or tease, whichever it was. “You’re so good at this, Ren,” he whispered. It was safe to say that he certainly reacted positively to the remark as Kylo immediately moved to work on his neck, sucking bruises into the sensitive skin. Hux gasped. “How far are you wanting to take this?” Hux asked in a moment of fear, bliss, or both. Kylo stopped and sat up and answered hesitantly. “However far you want. I’ve got all night and the rest of my life.” Hux hesitated for a split second and then made up his mind. He wanted this. He wanted Ren. Good, he projected the thought towards Kylo, before leaning in to kiss him again. I think I’m in love with you, Kylo, he thought as their lips connected again. He knew Kylo had heard the thoughts from the look on his face. He suddenly felt a sort of pressure in his head as Kylo read his thoughts and then sent him one of his own. I love you too, Ren had said. They weren’t alone anymore. They had each other now. Notes: If you made it here to read this I'm proud and thank you.