“Heads up!” The voice calls out a mere second before a football lands with a sudden whump in the soil inches from Finn’s feet. He ducks just in time to avoid it colliding with the back of his head, losing his glasses in the process. Rey whips around from her crouch at his side, scowling over her shoulder. “What the fuck,” Rey says. She stands up, trowel and plastic cup in hand. They’d been collecting samples for Rey’s extra credit science project. The weekend prior they’d both been out by the river bank, feet sinking into mud as they dug their hand shovels into the bank. “You could have really hurt him,” Rey calls out, angry. Finn’s fingers scrabble in the foliage covered ground. He finds his glasses and manages to push up to his feet, wiping the lense on his shirt and squinting at the blurry, approaching form before shoving them on his face. “Sorry about that,” the guy says, and Finn recognizes him from first period. “I’m Poe,” he says, flashing a brilliant smile. “We know,” Rey says, sourly, and Finn doesn’t say anything at all, suddenly tongue-tied. He doesn’t think anyone wouldn’t know who Poe Dameron is, and it’s highly unlikely the sentiment would be returned. Finn usually feels like a day gone by without being noticed is an exceptionally good day. And although he’s seen Poe from afar plenty of times and heard him messing around with his friends at the back of class he’s never been this close, or subject to Poe’s direct gaze. A flush of sudden heat floods his cheeks and the base of his throat. He feels rooted to the spot. Poe swipes at his forehead with the back of his hand. He smiles, again, undeterred. His dark curls shine under the hot sun, sweat at his temples and darkening the nape of his tank. It hangs off the broad, well-muscled expanse of his chest. Finn had only dimly registered the sound of football practice as they’d made their way across the field to the edge of the surrounding treeline. “Anyway, I’ll just - ” Poe says, gesturing at Finn and Rey’s feet. “Sure,” Finn says quickly, then feels himself flush again as Poe approaches. He shoots a glance at Rey, who’s still scowling at Poe like she’s got a bad taste in her mouth. They both shuffle to the side and Poe crouches to grab the football, tossing it up in the air once before catching it. “See you around,” he says. Then he winks at Finn, sly and quick, and Finn feels his heart leap up his throat. He stays silent, like a fucking idiot, and watches Poe lope off across the field, ball in hand, running the last half back to the group behind the bleachers. “Asshole,” Rey mutters. Then she’s bending back down. “Come on, I promised we’d both be home by six.” * On Thursday Finn watches Rey jump hurdles around the track, her skinny legs nearly blurring as she sprints. He’s regretting not bringing his sunglasses, squinting through the bright sunlight, an almost overwhelming press of heat making the air thick and the metal bleachers shine. He alternates watching the runners with curling over his Biology textbook, its pages gone limp with humidity. The sun is lower in the sky when Coach pulls the final whistle. The team gathers round the base of the bleachers. Rey squints up at Finn and waves him on. He can wait for her in the student parking lot as usual. Finn stuffs his book into his backpack and slings it over his shoulder, shuffling down the narrow space. He’s cutting under the bleachers for a shorter route when a muffled cough draws him up short. A hand descends on his shoulder and he nearly jumps a mile in his skin. “What the fuck are you doing here?” Finn turns in surprise, mouth dropping open. It’s a guy Finn vaguely recognizes from school; with a pale, narrow face and nearly colorless eyes. He shoves at Finn’s shoulder. “I - ” Finn starts. Then a second voice cuts in. “Hey! Chill the fuck out.” Finn turns around to see Poe, scowling, fingers pinched around a visibly rolled cigarette. Then the smell assaults Finn’s sense and - oh . “Sorry, I didn’t mean to, I mean I didn’t see anything. I can just leave now,” Finn says, pushing a palm out in a calming gesture. “No, you’re fine. Stay,” Poe replies, but his eyes are still on his companion. “You can fuck off, James.” James shoots Finn a dirty look, then swivels on his heel, sticking his middle finger back up at Poe. Finn glances uneasily between the two, but Poe doesn’t seem bothered. His frown turns into a slow, easy smile. “Sorry about that. Finn, right?” Finn’s heart leaps to his throat. Under Poe’s singular, undivided gaze again he can feel a sweat starting up at his temples for whole other reasons than the sun beyond their shelter. “Um. Yes. Hi.” “Hey,” Poe says, and his grin goes wide. He offers up the blunt. “Want a hit?” “Um.” Finn thinks about Rey, the slot of time he has before she’ll be waiting for him in the parking lot. “Get over here,” Poe says, then he walks a couple of paces back, and drops to the ground behind one of the supporting columns. They must have both been hidden there when Finn walked by, unnoticed. Finn follows with hesitant steps. Poe’s sitting on a square block of concrete. He pats the second block to his side. “Make yourself comfortable,” he says, and Finn can hardly believe it’s happening even as he’s stepping closer. He’s never had a guy like Poe look twice his way, never been in the right type of crowds to be initiated into this flavor of extracurricular activity. It feels secret and new and special, just between the two of them. Poe was asking him to join. Finn clears his throat and sits down on unsteady legs. Poe squints at him, then sticks the blunt to his lips and sucks. His face goes pinched. He doesn’t exhale, just offers it to Finn with a nod of his head. Finn tries to imitate the gesture, calling on every fragment of knowledge he’s ever picked up to not make a complete fool of himself. He ends up coughing it out anyways, turning to the side as he curls over. Poe exhales on a laugh. Finn’s cheeks burn. “Sorry. Sorry,” Finn rasps out. “Nah, nah. It’s fine, dude,” Poe says. Miraculously, he isn’t shoving Finn away and telling him to get lost. “Come on, like this.” Poe demonstrates again. He looks Finn in the eye while he’s doing it, and it’s like he’s rooted to the spot, unable to look away, heart pounding in his chest as Poe holds his gaze. When Finn takes the proffered blunt again Poe’s eyes flick down to Finn’s lips. “Yeah, man,” he says softly. It’s innocuous, almost nonsensical, but it makes something curl up tight in Finn’s gut. “Much better,” Poe says, when Finn manages to not completely hack out the tiny puff he takes. Poe smiles wide and Finn flushes, heart expanding with a weird burst of pride even as his lungs burn. The moment stretches into a strange spot of silence, Poe just watching Finn, and Finn looking back until it gets too much and his eyes slide to the ground. He spots his discarded bag on the grass by his feet. “I should - I should go,” Finn says, reluctantly. He looks up at Poe shyly through his lashes. Poe gives a single shrug of his shoulder. “Alright, man,” he says. His eyes are slightly bloodshot but he still manages to look like he’s been dropped out of the pages of a glossy magazine’s photoshoot. Finn’s struck all over everytime he gets a good look. Finn grabs his bag and pushes up to his feet. “See you?” he says, pulse at his throat, daring to hope even a little bit. “Yeah,” Poe says, knocking his head back to look up at Finn with a smile. Finn walks away quickly, before the moment is ruined, heart pounding happily in his chest. * He has every intention of telling Rey when he sees her, but somehow the words get caught in his throat when he calls out her name. “Everything alright?” she calls out, turning in place. She’s standing by a giant, white Ford truck. It’s wheels come up to her hips. She looks even smaller than usual as Finn approaches. “Fine,” Finn replies, breathing hard. Rey scrutinizes his face for all of a second, and for a moment Finn thinks it must all be showing, wonders if he’s got a smell on him. Then Rey’s turning and Finn is joining in step at her side, and it’s like the moment passing turns the events of the past few minutes into a secret, something special Finn holds in his chest. * Finn’s leaving school on Monday in a rush, head tucked down as he takes the side steps to the parking lot two at a time. Rey had come down with a cold on Saturday night, sniffling through their nearly weekly rewatch of Parks and Recreation, her laugh congested and low. By Sunday Finn had been turned away at the door in case he got sick too, which had made two very lonely days in a row at home and school. He isn’t looking when he literally walks into Poe, breath rushing out of his chest as they collide. “Whoa,” Poe says, grabbing Finn by the shoulder. His backpack hangs off one arm. It looks nearly empty. “God. Sorry,” Finn says. He feels like burning up on the spot as soon as he says it, cursing himself for probably demolishing whatever tiny good cred he’d racked up with Poe. “No problem,” Poe says, with a laugh, and Finn calms down just a tiny bit. “You walking home?” “Yeah.” “Cool. Want a ride?” Poe asks. Finn blinks back in surprise. “I mean. It’s probably out of your way.” “Is it nearby? Come on, I owe you.” “For what?” Finn blurts out. “For being a cool dude,” Poe says. He rolls his eyes a bit and Finn’s face goes hot. Obviously, what he really meant was he probably completely expected Finn to snitch. “No. I mean, I wouldn’t have - ” “I know. It’s no bother,” Poe says, then he’s reaching in his pocket and tossing his keys in the air, turning away like he just expects Finn to follow. Poe’s got a two door dark blue Toyota, it’s windows nearly tinted black. It smells sleek and new inside, and Finn slides gingerly onto the low seat. He clutches his bag in his lap as Poe turns the steering wheel easily, and they roll out of the lot. His hands are well formed and experienced on the wheel and gear, muscle moving under the skin of his well toned arms. Finn’s eyes flick down to the scoop of well-toned chest he can see beneath Poe’s tank. “Gotta tell me where to turn,” Poe says. “Right,” Finn says, with a start, turning back to the road. He can see Poe smile out of the corner of his eye. “Um, take a right at the light and then another at the first intersection after.” “You walk home every day?” Poe asks, glancing at the sideview mirror to switch lanes. “Yeah, pretty much.” “With that girlfriend of yours?” “What? I mean, no. She’s not my girlfriend,” Finn says quickly. He bites down hard on his bottom lip as soon as the words leave his mouth, mind racing, wishing he could just open the door and roll away. “Cool. It’s whatever,” Poe says, with a shrug. Then he reaches out and clicks on the radio, turning the volume up with a twist of his fingers. They fall into silence. It’s weirdly comfortable. Finn’s still hyper aware of every part of his body, the few inches between him and Poe, the fact that he’s sitting here, driving round with the music blasting with Poe Dameron like every music video and YA novel had ever promised him. He directs Poe the rest of the way until they’re pulling up to Finn’s house. Instead of stopping on the street, Poe turns into the empty driveway. Finn’s mom is still at work, probably scheduled on a double shift since she isn’t home yet. Poe parks and pulls the brake. He turns to Finn. “Thanks for the ride,” Finn says. It comes out more of a question. “No problem,” Poe says, easily. He raises an eyebrow, amused with something Finn can’t quite discern, like they’re sharing a private joke between them. “Um. Wanna come in?” Finn ventures. He can’t think of any other reason for Poe’s pause, half expecting him to still suddenly tell Finn to fuck off, waiting for the other shoe to drop. Except Poe only nods and turns the engine off with a twist of his hand. “Sure, man,” he says, and Finn scrambles quickly from the car. * Finn prays to every deity on the way up the front porch steps that he doesn’t somehow mess up - whatever this is. “This is the living room,” Finn says, stupidly, as the door swings open. He makes a vague gesture with his hand. Poe only smirks a little, nodding casually. He follows Finn to the kitchen, sliding easily onto one of the bar stools at the bordering counter. “Want a drink?” Finn asks, hovering near the fridge. “Just water, thanks,” Poe says. His eyes are steady on Finn as he moves, dark and intense. Finn feels it like a loser focus even as he turns his back. He grabs a jar of salsa from the fridge, a plate, and a bag of nachos. They take their loot to the den. “Mind if we hang for a while?” Poe asks, settling on the floor at the foot of the sofa. “I got an hour before I need to head back.” Finn follows, slotting the plate on the coffee table a few inches away. “Sure. I mean. Why are you here?” Finn says, before he can help himself. Poe’s already reaching for the remote. “Cause you’re a cool dude, man,” Poe says easily, he’s raising an eyebrow like it’s the simplest answer in the world. Something worries at Finn’s brain. That can’t be it. But his tongue is tied up again under the force of Poe’s gaze. And he’s so near now he can almost feel the warmth of Poe, can see up close the definiton of his broad chest and toned arms, and his heart’s beating against his chest. They eat and watch for a silent few minutes. Finn crunches heavily on a handful of nachos before he realizes what he’s doing, and shamefaced, tries to put down the few he has left without drawing Poe’s attention. Guys like Poe don’t stuff their faces like that, don’t get the bodies they have eating nachos and watching TV. If Poe notices, he doesn’t say anything. Finn’s halfway to relaxed when the movie they’re watching switches to commericals. He’s been so wrapped up on Poe’s presence he barely notices until he feels Poe nudging at his arm. “Hey,” Poe says, when Finn turns his way. “Hey,” Finn replies slowly. Poe’s just smiling at him. Then he’s pushing the plate between them ahead, and Finn’s heart is at his throat. He’s frozen in place as Poe leans over, head tilted like he’s asking Finn a question. He pauses an inch away from Finn’s mouth and Finn holds so still he isn’t even breathing. Then Poe leans down and presses his lips to Finn’s; a brief, soft kiss. He pulls away. “This okay?” he murmurs. Finn’s reply is nearly inaudible. “Yeah.” Poe smiles in response. Then he’s leaning forward again, kissing Finn harder. Finn tries to reciprocate, pummeled with surprise and sensation and the tumult of his own thoughts. Poe licks into the seam of his lips and Finn opens his mouth, unsure, feeling hot and flushed, desire pooling low in his gut. “Mmm,” Poe says against Finn’s lips. “Just like that.” Then he’s kissing Finn, really kissing him, the way Finn’s seen it done in countless movies and never thought he’d get to do the same. Not anytime soon anyways, not with someone like Poe. He hears the television switch back to their movie but Poe doesn’t stop. Just leans even closer, cups a hand to the side of Finn’s face, thumb rubbing slowly at his jaw as they kiss. When Poe finally pulls away Finn’s panting, chest moving as he breathes. Poe keeps his hand on Finn’s face. He slides his thumb along the sensitive, wet surface of Finn’s lips. “You’re good at that, man,” Poe says, rubbing at Finn’s lips. “Thanks,” Finn mumbles softly. He tugs at the front of his shirt where it’s settled on the round curve of his stomach, hit all over again with what’s just happened, with Poe’s body so close to his, Poe’s hand on his face like a live wire of energy. He’s half-hard in his jeans, and he tries to make an abortive movement to cover himself. Poe’s thick eyelashes sweep down as he takes note. His smile is lazy and knowing. “Got a little excited, huh?” he asks. Finn lets out a small, embarrassed sound. He tries to curl his knees up to cover himself. “No, man, it’s okay. Dude,” Poe says. He pushes Finn’s knees back down. Then he looks up at Finn from under his eyelashes, eyes wide, innocent. “Can I see it?” Finn feels like he might burst into flames at the question. Then it’s like his body’s on autopilot and his hand is moving to his crotch. He unbuttons and unzips the front of his jeans. “Here, let me,” Poe says, once Finn’s reaching inside with shaky fingers. “Relax.” Finn lets his arms go slack at his sides. He watches it like it's happening outside his body, his thoughts moving too fast to really register. It feels both surreal and astonishingly vivid at the same time. Poe reaches into the opening of Finn’s jeans and pulls Finn’s dick out. It swells even harder as Poe gives it a firm, slow stroke, from base to tip. “Nice,” Poe says, appreciatively. The foreskin slides under his hand as he strokes Finn again. Finn makes a low, cut-off moan. “Yeah, lemme hear you,” Poe says, stroking him again. A bead of precome forms at the tip as Poe gives him another firm stroke. “Oh,” Finn says, hips jerking up He’s getting harder and harder, so fast it’s nearly dizzying, his balls growing heavier. Then Poe’s licking at the palm of his hand and stroking Finn, up the length and over the head, rubbing at the wet slit with his thumb. Finn huffs out tiny breaths. Then Poe’s leaning over and licking right across the head with the flat of his tongue, squeezing at the base. “Poe,” Finn squeaks out. He clutches desperately at the side of his jeans. Poe’s giving him head, blowing him , Finn realizes. And then Poe really is. He’s going deeper, opening his mouth and sucking hard on the top of Finn’s cock, stroking up and down the length, and Finn’s gut is drawing tighter and tighter, his balls lifting up, Poe sucking wet and filthy until Finn comes with a jerk of his hips. “Ah, ah, ah,” Finn lets out, lost to it. His head knocks back as his dick shoots. “Yeah, look at that. Come on, Finn. Come on,” Poe says, jerking Finn through it. He makes a mess of Poe’s hands and the crotch of his jeans, but Finn is heedless of it, breathing hard and crying out. When Finn returns to his senses he realizes Poe’s just watching him, a small smile playing on his lips. “That was something, huh?” he says, and all Finn can do is breathe and nod his head weakly. “You gonna return the favor?” Poe asks, raising an eyebrow. Finn flushes, caught off guard. “I mean. Yeah. Sorry,” he says, sitting up quickly. He glances down to Poe’s crotch. He’s hard, a noticeable bulge tenting out his jeans. Poe’s only response is a smirk. He leans back against the sofa and stretches his arm out on the seat behind Finn. He nods down once at his crotch. “Go ahead,” Poe says. Finn’s fingers fly to Poe’s crotch. He tries to imitate the way Poe did it with him, taking him out and stroking him. Poe’s unbelievably hard and thick, his cock flushed at the head, a string of precome pumping out as Finn strokes him. “Wanna kiss it?” Poe asks, a smile in his voice. Finn flushes hard. He leans down in response, embarrassed and too aware of how silly he must look, how inexperienced he is next to Poe. He licks across the head hesitantly. “Yeah, man. There you go,” Poe sighs out. His hips jut up. Then his hand settles on the back of Finn’s neck and he’s pushing him down a bit, a touch of pressure. “Take it in a little more.” Finn gathers up his resolve, determined. He sucks on the head and moves an inch down the length, then back up again. “There you go. You’re a pro,” Poe says. His hand goes tighter on the back of Finn’s neck, and if he was thinking of just stroking him through it, he changes his mind, unease and embarrassment flooding his chest. He can’t push back against that, he has to show Poe he can do it just as well, that he won’t be a disappointment. Finn keeps sucking on him, up and down, bobbing his head steadily. Poe’s thick in Finn’s mouth, salt and sweat and blood-hot under his fingers. He pushes Finn down more so that he’s almost hitting the back of Finn’s throat on the downstroke. Finn goes too far down and gags a little. Poe’s fingers are so tight on his neck, implacable. “It’s okay. It’s alright. Love hearing you work on it. You’re so fucking good,” Poe says, crooning it out. His hips are undulating, helping to move his cock in and out of Finn’s mouth. Finn strokes as hard and fast as he can at the base with his hand. He takes Poe in one more time before Poe’s gritting out a curse and his hips are twisting. “Fuck. Oh, fuck. Yeah - fucking, take it down,” Poe’s saying, and his hand goes heavy and hard on Finn’s neck, not letting him back up. His dick jerks and shoots in Finn’s mouth and he swallows it unsteadily, sloppy, choking a bit on the wet. He pushes back against Poe’s hand but it doesn’t let up until he’s done. Then it’s gone and Finn’s pulling off with a gasp, coughing against the back of his hand. Poe’s completely boneless against the sofa, eyelids slid shut, chest moving hard as he breathes. Then he’s opening his eyes and turning his heavy-lidded gaze Finn’s way. “Almost held off on the end there.” “Sorry,” Finn replies, quickly, stricken with guilt. He hadn’t meant to do that. But Poe’s smiling again, lazy and warm. “No man, it’s fine. You did really great, you know that?” “Thanks,” Finn replies, wonder passing through him, making him feel light as a balloon. Poe just keeps smiling at him for what feels like forever. Then he’s pulling his phone from his pocket and making a hasty excuse, and Finn’s scrambling to his feet to grab some tissues, tongue-tied and overwhelmed and feeling like he’s moving through a dream. * After Poe leaves Finn stands at the front door for a long moment, frozen in something like shock. He walks back to the den and stares down at the floor where they’d been sitting, at the half-empty plate of nachos, at the TV still playing on, unwatched. This is it. This actually happened. He got off with a guy, got a fucking hot guy touching his dick and letting Finn touch him back. He cleans up so the room is spotless before his mom comes home, glancing over it twice before leaving for his room. He washes up in his bathroom, looking at himself in the mirror like he expects something to be different now. But his face looks just like it always does, solemnly staring back. Rey calls as he’s doing homework for Physics. She still sounds congested and a little hoarse, but she’s able to hold the conversation and sounds eager to be back the next day. Finn feels the events of the afternoon heavy on the tip of his tongue, just waiting to slip out, but he still stays silent. It’s just between him and Poe, this thing between them, the way Poe had singled him out and chosen him from all the people he could hook up with, and who knows, maybe Finn was just one in several more. By the time Rey hangs up Finn’s resolved to put a little effort into it. Poe was interested, that was clear. Finn just had to show a little more interest back. * Finn skips homeroom and wanders towards the gym the following morning. He ducks under the bleachers just as he did last time, except this time he strides purposefully through the small space. He finds Poe again, with three other seniors huddled in a small circle, laughing and talking. Poe spots him before his friends, and he nearly launches to his feet, the smile on his face dropping in an instant. Finn lurches to a halt. Hesitation and confusion bloom in his chest as Poe strides quickly closer. “What the fuck are you doing here?” Poe asks in a fierce whisper, leaning close to Finn. “Hey! Dameron! Get back here!” one of the seniors calls back. “I - ” Finn starts. He takes a step to the side and Poe blocks him, quickly moving in front, like he doesn’t want the rest to see. “I just - ” Finn tries again, embarrassment making his tongue heavy in his mouth. He doesn’t know what he was thinking, doesn’t know what to say, feels like maybe he wants the earth to open below him right there and swallow him up. Poe seems to relent a little. “Just. Not right now. Whatever it is,” he says, and all Finn can do is nod dumbly. The relief is clearly visible on Poe’s face. “Okay,” Finn says, in a weak voice. There’s another shout behind Poe. A loud, sharp cackle. Finn flinches and turns quickly away, stumbling as he walks back, heart squeezing and squeezing at his throat. * Finn feels like he’s got something stuck in his chest for the rest of the day. His stomach twists so miserably he has to beg for a hall pass to go heave over a toilet in 5th period. As the hours pass he forces himself to calm down, to rationalize it. It was just a misunderstanding, that’s what it was. He’d built it up so fast and big in his head, when it was just - guys like Poe probably hooked up with someone new every week. It was just a kiss. And then a blowjob, so what? He wasn’t a kid to believe in romance or fairy tales. In the real world, people hooked up all the time and it didn’t mean anything. And in light of that realization, Finn bursts with embarrassment all over again remembering his actions, the hopeful way he’d gone looking for Poe, thinking he was gonna be his boyfriend or something. This was the right thing to do, the grown up, adult way to deal with it, to look at it from afar, from a distance, to file it calmly away. * Weeks pass. Rey gets better and the two of them are inseparable again. By the time there’s a chance to say anything there’s nothing to say anymore. He sees Poe a handful of times, and each time manages to duck out of the way so he won’t force Poe to see him, to make anything weird in front of his friends again. It’s early evening on a Wednesday when the doorbell rings, and Finn opens the door to find Poe standing a foot away, smiling sheepishly. His attention feels like a physical force, rushing all the air out of Finn’s lungs. He feels small and weirdly embarrassed for no reason, suddenly aware of the threadbare pajamas he’d already changed into, the crumbs on his shirt. “Hey,” Poe says, hands jammed into the pockets of his jeans. He gives a single shrug of one shoulder, like he’s responding to something Finn hasn’t said. Wide doe eyes and a blinding smile. His hair is different, shorn short on the sides and slicked down on top. He looks painfully, impossibly handsome. “Hi,” Finn says in response. Then the door’s opening almost of its own accord. Finn follows Poe into the house, trailing after him as he surveys the living room and walks casually into the kitchen. “How’ve you been, man?” Poe asks, turning Finn’s way, and it’s like everything else disappears from mind. “Fine,” Finn says. “That’s good,” Poe says, nodding. He takes a step towards Finn, and Finn instantly takes a step back. “Listen,” Poe says, stopping. He raises an outstretched hand, then lets it fall. He scratches at the side of his head, looking up at Finn with a sincere, heartbroken look. “I was a fucking asshole, man. I got nothing else I can say, you know? No excuses.” Finn’s dumbstruck for all of a moment. Then he’s nodding his head. “Okay,” he says, and it’s like that single word releases all the pressure in his chest. He feels light in that moment, selfless in his ability to forgive. “Cool,” Poe says, smiling wide. He walks the rest of the way to Finn and stands for a moment before him. Then he’s cupping Finn’s jaw in his hand gently and leaning forward to kiss him. It’s soft, sweet. Poe nudges and nudges at Finn’s lips until he’s opening up for him. Then he’s sliding his tongue inside and kissing him fully, making soft, pleased, encouraging sounds. Finn’s whole body lights up. Relief and pleasure and excitement, and it’s like the past few weeks were nothing. Already floating away. “Can we take this elsewhere?” Poe whispers, right up against Finn’s lips like it’s a secret. Finn nods readily. * In his room, Finn’s all nerves again. He stands dumbly next to his bed and watches Poe enter, turning in place as Poe wanders around the room briefly. Then he’s pushing Finn down with a hand to Finn’s chest, smiling gently. He crawls over Finn and kisses him some more, leaning down, his weight a welcome presence. Poe settles at Finn’s hips and rocks down slowly as he kisses Finn. Finn tries to keep his head on. He’s better at it this time around, able to enjoy the slowly gathering heat between them, the way he feels Poe harden against his own swelling dick. The pressure on his crotch is amazing as Poe rocks and rocks against him, rolling his hips. “Yeah, that’s it. Still as good as I thought you were,” Poe mutters against Finn’s lips. He stares down at Finn, gaze heavy. Finn licks nervously at his lips. They feel puffy and a little bit swollen, that good, achy feeling that still feels so new. “You got anything?” Poe asks. It takes a moment for the question to register. “Um. Yeah. I do,” Finn says, curling up suddenly. “Whoa, big guy,” Poe says, laughing. “Sorry,” Finn mumbles, but Poe’s already moving off, still grinning, unbothered. His hands go the hem of his shirt and he pulls it up. Finn’s frozen for a moment, staring at the flat expanse of Poe’s stomach, the well-toned muscle of his chest. “Like what you see?” Poe asks teasingly, catching his tongue between his teeth. Finn flushes and jolts into motion. His fingers feel numb as he searches in his nightstand drawer for the secreted packet of lube he’d bought a while back, doling it out dollop by dollop over several nights, reaching between his legs and behind his balls to touch himself there, sticking a finger or two in at a time. He hands the packet to Poe who’s out of his jeans and briefs, fully naked. His body’s like a statue at a museum, perfectly sculpted. Finn wishes it was darker out so he could turn off the light, feeling exposed and clumsy and embarrassed as he pulls down his own jeans. He leaves his shirt on, crawls into bed. His pulse is beating fast, making him swallow and tremble. “Shh, it’s alright,” Poe says, softly. He curls over Finn in bed and kisses him again. Once he’s visibly calmer, Poe pulls back and reaches for the lube. His cock is long and thick between his legs, swaying slightly in the air. Poe slicks up the length quickly. “Open,” he says, pushing at Finn’s knee. Finn spreads his legs, keeping a tight grip on the hem of his shirt so it doesn’t ride up to expose his belly. Poe reaches between Finn’s legs and slicks up his cock expertly, each stroke eliciting a soft, wet sound. Finn’s heart hammers at his chest as he watches. Then Poe’s kneeing up closer, so this legs meet the back of Finn’s thighs, and he’s pushing at Finn’s shins. “Pull ‘em up,” Poe says. Finn obeys, fitting his hands over his knees and pulling them closer to his chest, exposing himself. He flushes and Poe smiles sharp. He doles out a bit more lube on his fingers and ducks them down, rubbing them at Finn’s hole. A tiny noise escapes Finn. He’s breathing hard through his nose. The muscle of Poe’s forearm moves as he circles his hand, wetting Finn’s entrance, then slipping in two fingers. He circles them inside Finn, wetting up his insides. It feels like nothing at first, a slight pressure, a distant almost good feeling. “Yeah?” Poe asks, watching Finn’s face. Finn nods. He isn’t sure what the question is. Then Poe’s fingers are moving round intently, like he’s feeling for something. He jams them up a few times, rubbing and feeling and sliding them in tiny circles until he hits a spot that makes Finn’s cock jerk across his stomach, a spark of pleasure deep up inside him. “Oh,” Finn says. “There you go,” Poe breathes out. He withdraws his fingers quickly and gives his cock a quick stroke. “Alright, open up wide, baby.” Finn clutches at his knees. He tucks his chin down to watch as Poe steadies his hard cock and presses it to Finn’s entrance. Finn’s breath puffs out, desperate and small. They both watch as Poe slowly feeds it in, opening Finn up, the pressure increasing, ever so slowly stretching him out. “Uh, uh,” Finn gasps out. It’s big and long and thick. When Poe finally bottoms out Finn feels like he can barely breathe around it. Poe pauses for a long moment, leaning down to kiss at Finn’s mouth. “Take it so fucking good. Look at how good you take it,” Poe whispers between kisses. Then he’s moving. Long, deep thrusts that stroke at something inside Finn, making all the blood rush to between his legs. His cock grows heavier, lifting off his stomach and bobbing in the air with the movement. “There you go. There you go, baby,” Poe says. He increases the pace, slamming his hips down. “Look at that ass bounce. Fuckin gorgeous - tight cunt - fuck. Yeah. Yeah.” “Poe,” Finn says, weakly. “Poe.” It’s building up inside him, deeper and stronger than it's ever happened before. It keeps coming. His mouth drops open and his head knocks back and Poe’s still going, whispering filth between them. Then Finn’s gut is drawing up tight and his ass clenches down and he’s coming. “Ah, ahh, ah,” Finn cries out. His cock shoots off as Poe keeps pounding him, relentless as Finn comes on it, clutching at it as it thrusts in and out of his hole. Poe slams in one last time and stops. Then his dick is shooting off inside and the movement goes even wetter than before as he grinds against Finn. “Yeah. There you go, gorgeous,” Poe says, breathing hard. Finn opens wet eyes to watch him, completely overwhelmed, still shaking through the tiny aftershocks. Poe’s face is flushed, pink crawling up the tan skin of his throat. He breathes out shakily a few times more, then he’s sitting back, his cock pulling out in a wet slide. Poe moves off without another word, kneeing off the bed. Finn watches him go, blinking, searching for something to say. The bathroom door shuts with a click. The fan turns on. * Poe takes a minute to wash up. He might get back into bed when he returns, so Finn cleans up as best he can and sits up, wracking his brain for something to say. He’s got leftovers in the fridge. He could heat that up. They could walk over to the Redbox down the street and get a movie or two for the night. The door swings back open. “Hey,” Finn says, as Poe emerges. Poe’s still completely naked, eyes scanning the floor. Finn watches as he leans down to pick up his discarded briefs. “What’s up,” Poe replies, easily. He steps into his briefs, pulls them up his legs. They’re tight around the thick, toned muscle of his thighs. “I thought we could, maybe do something? We could get a movie, maybe...” Finn’s voice trails off as he watches Poe move closer, picking up his clothes, pulling his shirt over his head. His hair appear first in the neck opening, then his face, serious, a slight frown marring his forehead. He looks up with an apologetic expression. “Oh, man. It’s just, really bad timing, you know?” Poe says. He moves back to the bathroom and through the open door Finn watches as he moves his hands palm down over the sides of his hair, flattening it back down. “Ok. Um. Want something to eat? You don’t have to go,” Finn says. He scoots to the edge of the mattress. His stomach twists up weird and tight. He feels close to panicked without knowing why, or what it is he said, but he can feel it like a wall descending between them. He can see the inevitability of it passing him by like a ship coursing through water. “I’m good, man,” Poe says, walking back, a hand to his stomach. Then he pauses. “Hey. This was fun, you know? I’m glad I met you.” Finn blinks in response. “Thanks,” he says, slowly. Poe grins wide. Then he’s turning and striding across the small space. The door opens then shuts with a soft click. *