Rey put her hand up to cut the sun’s glare as she watched Snap park the trailer in its slot at the track and beamed at the new Organa Racing logo splashed across the side. Poe and Finn pulled up in Poe's little truck beside it and jumped out, coming to stand beside her. Finn put an arm around her shoulders and squeezed. “You made it!” “We...we made it,” she corrected. She couldn't stop smiling. She'd worked long and hard to earn respect on the track and to finally have a big corporate racing sponsor was something she'd only ever dreamed of. On top of that, to have that sponsor be Organa, which was a subsidiary of the largest racing corporation ever, Skywalker Industries was mind-blowing. After the contracts had been signed, the media had exploded with articles about her journey from building a bike from spare parts scrounged from Plutt's junkyard as a homeless teen to being one of the top superbike competitors. Rey had multiple copies of the first magazine she'd appeared in, MotoRacing, and kept clippings from that article up on the wall of her trailer for luck. In her mid-teens, she'd gotten a job at Poe's bike shop during the week, and started racing on the weekends. She'd made a name for herself on the local tracks, and that's where she and Poe had met Finn and added him to their tiny team. He'd actually worked for a competitor, but Poe had caught him as he'd quit and was about to storm off the track and offered him a position. With a talent for public relations, Finn had quickly taken to a management role and handled all of her press. Soon after that, she was dominating on the national tracks as well, and if she won the race today, it would be her ninth consecutive win and close to setting an industry record. There were racers who won consecutive seasons, but few who won consecutive races. The CEO of her sponsor, Leia Organa, had offered Rey a full crew as well as the new transportation, and she watched as Snap and Wedge started to unload the trailer. Poe knew them from around the shop and she'd met them a few times at Poe's regular weekly BBQ. And Rey was glad they fit right into their strange little group. Gavin, Myn and Derek had also come with the sponsorship, and so far they were fitting in as well. Within what seemed like minutes, a tent-like structure with Organa's logo on it was erected against the side of the trailer, a floor made of rubber mats laid down, a couple sets of tables and chairs set up. Her roommate Jessika showed up with lunch and a cooler filled with mostly water but a few mandatory beers for Poe was brought in. Inside the trailer, Poe put her orange and white Yamaha BB8 model bike up on the stand and started the standard mechanical pre-race checklist while she and Jessika walked the track. Rey always walked the track if time permitted, to get a feel of the asphalt and the slope of the turns and even the wind. In the makeshift office that was also erected, Finn handled business, fielding requests for interviews and making sure everyone was on schedule. After he was done with his own checklist for the bike, Poe turned the mechanics over to Wedge and Myn so he could walk the lot. Much in the same way Rey walked the track to get a feel for it, Poe liked to walk the lot to see who was there, what was going on, what the mood was for the day. Most of the time it was the usual flurry of pre-race activities, the sound of wrenches clanking and the smell of motor oil and tire rubber, but today had a particularly tense feeling and as he got to the opposite end of the lot, he quickly realized why. The First Order crew was there, with multiple semis and accompanying RVs with the same red and black logo. He didn't have to look to know the trailer would be filled with more top of the line bikes and crew than any one team could ever possibly need. He watched for a few minutes while crew members, all in the same ridiculous stark white uniform, buzzed around like bees to set up a massive rider/crew lounge. The open backs to their semis were curtained off, keeping most of their crew, equipment and riders hidden until race time. Poe was 99.9% sure if he barged through one of those curtains he would find some illegal behavior going on, either a bike mod or paying off an official or something. They'd come out of what seemed like nowhere, with more big-name sponsors than a no-name team should have, and that set off red flags for Poe. Finn had worked for them briefly before Poe and Rey had met him the day he quit, and he didn't have much good to say about them either, or their apparently very physical methods of keeping their crew in line. Poe blamed that on their main rider, Kylo Ren. He'd had one too many run-ins with him to not be wary of the entire organization. Poe also understood that Organa Racing was a direct competitor of First Order, and by Rey gaining the sponsorship, it had likely put her in their cross hairs, and they were ruthless with their competition. It worried him because as much as Rey was tough and street smart in some ways, she was naive in others and he didn't want to see anyone come between her and the goals he knew she could achieve. When he got back, Finn didn't have to do more than look at his face to guess what was going on. “They're here, aren't they?” he asked glumly. Poe nodded. “Yeah, buddy.” The two of them looked at each other—they'd both known what they were getting into when Rey signed on with Organa, even if she had no idea. They could only protect her for so long before she should be told. Poe trudged his way up the ramp where Rey was wiggling into her leathers. “Hey kid, I gotta talk to you real quick.” “What's up?” “First Order is here. Whoever they have riding, I want you to watch out for them, okay?” Rey nodded. She didn't know all the details, but she knew both Poe and Finn had prior interactions with the First order team that hadn't ended well. Some of the rest of the crew didn't seem too fond of them either. She wanted to believe it was just racing, just the simple act of getting on a bike and driving fast, but she knew corruption happened everywhere and could happen to anyone. Poe wasn't an idiot and wasn't prone to disliking many people, so if he was wary of them, she would be too. “Here's the thing. F.O and Skywalker Industries don't get along. They ignored you before, but you getting Organa's support is going to put you on their radar and I can't guarantee they'll play nice...or clean.” Rey's face scrunched into what he recognized was her determined “bring it” face and he clapped her on the shoulder. “I know you're tough but just watch out, okay?” “Got it.” She finished typing her shoes and zipped her leathers. It was time. She'd drawn pole position and Jessika, Myn and Finn stood around her holding an umbrella to shield her from the sun while they waited for the other nineteen riders to get into position behind her. She worked her gloves on, humming to herself. This was where most riders got nervous, but this was where Rey found herself floating in a focused, almost meditative state. She heard a bike revving just behind her and turned to see a black and red hayabusa in third position with a tall rider in all black leathers devoid of the usual sponsor logos. The only other color on him was the chrome accents near his matte-black visor that no one had ever seen him lift. Kylo Ren never did any press outside of photos, which he always took with his visor down. Whenever questions were put to him, a stiff-postured redhead named Hux answered for him. He was rarely seen until just before the race, and never stayed afterwards, even if he'd won or come in at a respectable position. He was staring at her, and she pointedly sniffed and turned away although she could still feel the weight of his stare settle between her shoulders. Poe grimaced after following her line of sight. “Especially look out for that one. He's dangerous,” he said, barely a growl. He'd been hoping it would be their other rider Phasma today, but her mostly chromed out bike was nowhere to be seen. Although she cut as nearly an imposing figure as Ren, she was easier to deal with. Though it was only the third time she'd raced with Kylo Ren, she'd already noted him for his reckless riding style, one she would almost peg as coming from stunt rider roots. He was dangerous, sometimes cutting people off, forcing them to brake to avoid collisions, driving them into wide turns. It was obnoxious and arrogant and she was not going to give him any of her attention. Her main objective was to get as far out ahead of him as possible and stay there, let the riders further back deal with him until he disqualified himself with some inevitably stupid move. She just hoped that disqualification didn't result in someone else’s death, too. The red flag came up and her crew stepped to the sidelines as the revving of the bikes grew louder. Rey flipped her visor down, gave her bike a habitual pat, and shot off with the green light. Everything behind her fell away as she raced down the straightaway, then leaned into the first turn, the slider on her knee hitting tarmac with the lean. A couple of turns in and she was in her zen place—she loved the speed, the pulsing of the engine between her thighs, the smell of the leathers more than anything. For the first eight laps she was on her own and in the lead, and then she saw that damn hayabusa out of the corner of her eye. He was pacing her, and that happened for another few laps before he actively started cutting into her turn space, forcing her to go wider and to lose position or else clip tires. It was a fight from there on, and she became very aware that he was choosing to stay with her, instead of taking the opening he kept creating to take the lead. It was harassment, and she had had enough. She made a risky decision and accelerated earlier than she usually would have through the last turn. As she threw her body weight to the other side to right the bike, the front end lifted up off the track, the back tire shimmied dangerously for just a second, and then she flew past him down the straightaway and across the finish line. She let off the throttle immediately, her heart hammering in her chest. Shimmies turned into wobbles and wobbles turned into crashes, and she was lucky. When she pulled into the winner’s position, her hands were still shaking but she stuffed that down when she saw the elated smiles of Jessika and Finn and Poe. She won, and that's what mattered. Cameras and recorders were shoved at her, and she did her post-race interviews with a smile. She had originally hated doing interviews because the questions were all the same, unoriginal tripe about being in a male dominated business, and growing up on the streets, but interviews had their purpose. Rey used them to promote the charities she worked with and usually donated a portion of her earnings to, and not a single one went by without her mentioning the Center for Missing and Exploited Children. -- Afterwards, she helped her crew pack everything up, finding the dismantling process helped her wind down from the race. It was harder this time, her mind still on the race and the irritation of having to deal with a competitor that apparently had the professionalism of children. Once the tents were down and BB8 packed into the trailer, Wedge clapped her on the back. “You gotta let us take you out after a win like that.” Rey groaned. Usually a win left her in a great mood, but not today. “How about you hold on to that for when I break the record?” From the corner of her eye, she saw Poe pause where he was putting his tools away and knew he was listening to the conversation. “Aww, okay. You got it.” As soon as Wedge walked away, Poe called from his work bench. “You okay?” Rey pursed her lips and nodded, then realized he couldn’t see with his back turned to her. “Yeah. I’m alright.” The clanking of tools stopped for a second, and she could almost hear the wheels turning in his head as he analyzed her tone. If he heard anything to the contrary, he didn’t say anything. When everything was packed away and the trailer locked up and on it’s way back to the Organa warehouse, everyone exchanged hugs or claps on the back and the crew dispersed, Rey got in Jessika’s car and they drove back to the house they shared. The house was a small two bedroom with a front porch and a decent sized back yard where they held semi-weekly bbqs. The house was filled with mismatched furniture salvaged from yard sales and craigslist ads, and because there were always people over, it was never completely clean. It was cluttered with their various knick-knacks and piles of books and magazines. Jessika had the master bedroom, which Rey didn’t mind. After spending so much time on the streets, the small second bedroom was perfect. It held a twin size bed, a lumpy chair and an old tv on a dresser. Finn had built her a shelf that was covered in trophies and ribbons. With her winnings, she could have afforded her own apartment, but she found the idea of being on her own again unappealing and refused. Besides, Jessika made the best roommate Rey could hope for. Rey showered, changed into a t-shirt and sweats, and plopped herself down on the couch. Jessika fished some cold pizza out of the fridge and they settled in to catch up on Netflix. Rey found herself unable to concentrate, her focus continually pulled back to Kylo Ren and what Poe had said about the First Order. It was still bothering her the next day. It was rare for anyone to be able to get under her skin for anything, but she kept replaying the race and gritting her teeth at the way Kylo Ren had been blatantly harassing her. Did that even happen outside of cheesy movies? Did she really have to deal with a bunch of grade-school tactics every time they were in the same race? Would she have to look out for strategic oil spills or pianos falling from the sky? How far would someone with crooked tactics go? She wondered if it was a good idea to have security at the tent to watch the bikes, then shook her head. No, one of the crew was always around and she would not be paranoid. Jess went off to class and Rey did her usual workout. She ran some errands and came home to a note from Jess that it was her and Finn’s date night and she wouldn’t be home until later. It wasn’t until Rey tried to get some reading done and failed that she finally picked up her phone and dialed Poe’s number. When he picked up, she could hear the sounds of the shop in the background. “Hey kid, what’s up?” “Hey, are you doing anything after you close?” The sounds in the background grew muffled as Poe put the receiver against his shoulder and yelled at someone, and Rey chewed her thumbnail until he came back on the line. “I gotta be somewhere at 9, but I’ve got time after the shop closes.” Poe rarely sat still. If he wasn’t at the shop or the track, he was usually at the gym or taking up some new hobby. Lately it had been flying, and he spent a lot of his free time out at the air strip, although that was usually on the weekends he didn’t have to be at the track. “Could you meet me at Chalmun’s at like, 7?” Rey was not a drinker and rarely went out to bars in the time he’d known her. She’d been around too many addicts in her early homeless years to be interested in partying. The most he’d seen her drink was a shot or two, maybe a few watery beers during their bbq’s, so he knew her request to meet him at a bar wasn’t to drink. “Sure, kid. I’ll see you then.” Rey smeared on a little bit of eyeshadow and some lipstick and then threw on a purple knee-length skirt and black tanktop with a pair of heels and called a cab. She would usually take her street bike, but skirts and heels weren’t riding apparel and she hadn’t bothered to buy a car. The idea of owning little things was something she was just getting used to; big things like cars and houses would take time. She used her bike for everything, and the times when she couldn’t use it, Jessika was almost always there to lend her the car. She could have asked Poe to come get her and she knew he would, but he was already taking time out of his night for her on top of the time he spent at the track and her events. Chalmun’s was a dive that had undergone a remodel and for a while had been one of the trendiest clubs in the city. Enough time had passed that the trendy crowd had moved on to the newer clubs, leaving a good chance of finding an open seat and that the pounding club music had been replaced with a softer music selection that one didn’t have to shout over to be heard. The crowd had become less strictly collegiate and millennials and more the regular mix of professionals, hipsters, and middle-class. Out of habit, her eyes scanned the parking lot. Sometimes those professionals drove nice cars that she liked to check out. She wasn’t disappointed, her eyebrows lifted as her gaze landed on the black Lambo parked out front. High end cars were common, exotics were rare. That was where Poe found her after he parked on the side, and he nudged her with a wink. “Ten bucks says we can spot the owner.” “Another ten says he’s a total douche,” she answered as he held the door open for her. They sat at the tall white acrylic top bar and Rey ordered a wine spritzer while Poe got his signature Rusty Nail. Rey plunked down a twenty before Poe could grab his wallet like she knew he would. “Nope, on me this time.” They made comfortable small talk about the shop for a while before Poe fixed her with a knowing look. “So, what’s on your mind, kid?” “What do you know about Kylo Ren?” she asked. Poe gave her that look she’d come to both hate and love, the one that said he saw right through her. She hated to think she could be so transparent but loved that someone knew her well enough, had been in her life long enough to have such a keen sense of her feelings. “He got to you, didn’t he?” Rey opened her mouth to object, and stopped. To say otherwise would be a lie, and he would know it as surely as she did. “I need to know exactly what kind of a problem he’s going to be. You and Finn are the only people I know who seem to know anything about him or the First Order besides what their publicity team want people to know...” She dropped her voice, feeling a little guilty for asking him. “I know it’s not your favorite subject, so you don’t have to answer.” Poe nodded and drummed his fingers against his glass. He’d already given her a warning and he could have left it at that, but Poe didn’t really have it in his heart to keep anything from her. Since he’d offered her the job in his shop to get her off the streets, Poe had thought of Rey like his little sister and he’d tried to protect her as such, but she’d come to him tough and she always would be. “Years ago Skywalker Industries was building the R2-D2. I was working for Organa at the time and she gave me the flash drive that had the plans and specs on it to get to her brother. The First Order found out and tried to take it. Ren and I…” he trailed off and gave a wry smile, “Had a confrontation outside of a bar.” Poe was no stranger to fights. His enthusiastic and stubborn nature had led to plenty of them, some of which Rey had smooth-talked him out of. She knew Poe had known Organa, but he’d never told her that he’d worked for her, or that he’d known Luke Skywalker. On top of that, the fact that he’d had his fingers on the design responsible for the fastest superbikes to date had her eyebrows raising to comical heights. Rey had almost been in possession of an R2-D2 but a year before she’d signed on with Organa, the AMRA had tightened regulations for modifications and they’d been banned from the track. Rey quickly cycled through the new information, tamping down on her excitement and filing questions about that away for later. “And what happened?” “He beat the crap out of me while Phasma watched.” Poe gave the characteristic smirk that betrayed the presence of his boundless sense of humor. “I never thought Leia’s son would fight so dirty.” It took Rey a second to process what he’d said, and she nearly dropped her spritzer as she went to set it back on the bar. She grabbed a couple napkins from the caddy and wiped up the spill. “Her son?” she stammered. A wave of revulsion swept through her that someone would turn on their own family, hurt people to try to steal from them? Who treated their mother and father that way? A spiteful, ungrateful brat? She didn’t know Leia Organa very well, but from the interactions she’d had with her, she couldn’t imagine she’d done anything worth splitting a family over. Rey knew better than most that looks could be deceiving and pretty much any family had their own issues but it made her head hurt trying to make sense of it. “He went straight to her competition and became a top rider.” “What an ass!” “You have no idea. That’s just the beginning of it.” “No wonder you guys don’t like them.” “It’s up to Finn to tell you his experiences, but they aren’t a lot better than mine. I’m pretty sure they made his life hell.” Poe could see the wheels turning in her head and realized the information he’d given her probably hadn’t done a thing to ease her mind that he’d in fact given her more to think about. He threw back the rest of the ice in his drink and chewed noisily for a second. “I’m not gonna lie—he’s going to be a problem if he singles you out, but he doesn’t matter. None of them matter. You keep doing what you do, and we’ll deal with Ren if we have to, okay?” He flashed her one of his infamous charming grins and winked. It was distracting, as she knew it was meant to be. “Deal,” she said. Poe glanced at his watch. “I gotta run. You need a ride?” He stood and grabbed his jacket from the back of the barstool. Rey shook her head. “No. I’m going to hang out for a bit, I think. Jess and Finn are doing date night so the house is too quiet.” Poe let his gaze linger on her for a long moment before he ruffled her hair and she ducked out of it with a noise of half-hearted irritation. “Call me if you need anything.” He waited until she gave him an affirmative nod before he slid his jacket on and headed out the door. Rey ordered another drink and a water and glanced at her phone on the bar top. She sipped her drink as she unlocked the screen and brought up the internet app. Poe hadn’t given her his name, but it would be simple to do a Google search for Leia’s family to find out. She frowned at the spinning circle and dismal signal. She was in the middle of writing a reminder to herself for when she got home and had her laptop when a deep voice rumbled out from somewhere above and beside her in a tone that wasn’t exactly as friendly as the words spoken. “Congratulations on your race.” Chapter 2 Rey swiveled on her stool and craned her neck back at the tall, broad figure leaning against the bar beside her. She blinked at him dumbly for a second, not used to being recognized off the track outside of industry events, and it always surprised her when she ran into someone who knew who she was. He was well over six feet tall, dressed in dark jeans and a soft-looking light grey sweater with the sleeves pushed up his thick forearms. His posture was casual, one elbow leaning on the bar, one leg bent so his ankles crossed, but the unapologetic way he occupied the space, the way he was turned to face her spoke of a different body language. He was attractive in an unusual way, face long and pale with a strong brow and aquiline nose that contrasted with a soft jawline and full lips. His thick dark hair touched his shoulders in the back, but it was his eyes that she found herself unable to look away from. Deep set and dark, he looked at her with a boldness that was almost aggressive for a first interaction. “Uhm.. thank... you?” she said haltingly. She wasn’t sure it was actually supposed to be a compliment or if he just had a way of speaking that made everything sound like an insult. He turned his head to order a beer from the bartender, and he indicated the seat next to her with a nod. “May I?” Rey shrugged. She wasn’t sure if she wanted him next to her, but she was also not going to be rude for no reason. She was well aware of the high-n-mighty attitude of some of her peers in the industry and she made a conscious effort to never behave like that. She was human though and some of the male fans had proven themselves to be less than well-mannered company, particularly in bars. If he turned out to be a dick, she’d talk for a few minutes and leave. “It’s a free country,” she mumbled. When he’d paid for his drink, he extended a large hand. “Ben,” he said. As he swiveled back to face the bar, he added, “You ride well. Lucky that move paid off.” She felt her face heat up because there was clear approval there in his tone. “One I shouldn’t have had to make, unfortunately,” she said. She was not a squid, and she didn’t enjoy being made to look like one because of a reckless jackass. She changed the subject, careful to keep negative comments to a minimum so she wouldn’t go off on a rant to a total stranger. “Do you ride as well?” “For fun,” he answered. Genuinely curious and willing to talk to almost anyone about her favorite hobby, Rey rested her elbow on the bar and turned toward him. “Oh? What bike?” That was a subject Rey could go on about for hours, and she and Ben fell into a surprisingly easy conversation about their bikes, the initial tension and hint of hostility she’d detected when he first approached her ebbed away. It wasn’t often Rey found someone she could comfortably talk with for long periods of time. Her experiences were nothing like that of most people, and she found the nuances of small talk to be exhausting. She had long ago concluded people could talk an awful lot and still say absolutely nothing worth hearing. Ben proved to be different, and while she couldn’t call his style of communication overly friendly, he was refreshingly direct and lacked the proclivity toward inane chatter that usually drove her away from similar interactions. Their conversation strayed to other sports, hobbies, and even music, and before Rey realized it, she’d been talking to him for nearly two hours. He wasn’t quite like anyone she thought she’d met, but at the same time there was a vague familiarity to him that she just couldn’t place. She knew if she’d run into him around her circle she would have definitely remembered someone like him. He had a dry, sharp wit that surprised her multiple times and a way of watching her while she spoke that she’d never experienced. It was both disconcerting and flattering to feel like she had his complete and undivided attention. “So how did you get into racing?” Ben’s question came out of nowhere. They had been discussing the best local restaurants when he suddenly re-routed the question back to bikes and racing, a topic they had bypassed nearly forty minutes previous. She eyed him, wondering why he was asking. Rey was pretty sure that answer was in every magazine article she’d ever been in, but not everyone was so into the sports that they read the mags. Deciding that his question contained legitimate curiosity, Rey gave him the tame, media-friendly rendition. “I used to run parts for a junkyard in Jakku. Hard to do without transportation. So I built a bike.” The grittier version of that story involved the car boosting ring she had been desperate to avoid, but she left that part out. She was fairly certain that ring was still running and had grown beyond cars as far as other illegal activity, and she wanted nothing to do with any of it. She’d walked away from Jakku and the more distance she kept from it, the better. His brow quirked when she mentioned building it herself. “Impressive. How’d a scavenger end up with Organa?” Rey jerked her head in his direction at the undertone of nastiness that came back with that question, but his face showed none of the coolness of his voice. Rey's grin faltered and she looked down at the ice in her glass, swirling it with the tiny straw. “I made a promise to a friend who thought I would be good at it and who thought I could use it to get out of the junkyard, and after she went missing I started racing on the weekends and worked my way up.” It wasn't necessarily a secret about Shalla; Rey made it a point to donate a portion of her race earnings to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children and was very vocal in supporting the organization during interviews. She’d hoped the publicity would in some way bring attention to the case and maybe Shalla would be found, but so far there had been nothing. “Organa approached me after the Laguna Seca win and offered me a contract.” Ben actually snorted. Oh, he was one of those, the fan boys who thought they knew everything about the industry and had an opinion on what she should have done. Rey rolled her eyes. “And my sponsorship is not up for debate,” she added with a smirk. He dropped it readily enough, and Rey changed the subject. “So what do you do, Ben?” “Cars. Restorations and exotics.” Rey’s eyes lit up. “Don’t tell me the Aventador out front is yours?” Ben smirked before taking another drink. The flashy car was definitely outside of his tastes, but he’d won it for a week in a bet from Hux, and any chance to inconvenience and annoy his Press Manager was one he thoroughly enjoyed. “It is, temporarily.” “Do the exotics live up to their hype?” “Do you want to take a look?” he asked, amused by her excitement when her face lit up. “Yes! I mean….if you don’t mind?” Rey closed her tab and they wandered into the temperate night air. He hit the fob in his pocket to deactivate the alarm and popped open the engine cover in the back for her. She ogled at the spotless engine compartment and the V-12 engine, hands hovering like a child unsure of reaching in the cookie jar after being given permission. “Nice.” Her eyes lingered on it in appreciation. “Want to go for a ride?” he asked. Rey shot him a guarded look. “Oh...I don’t know….” “I promise, I’m not a serial killer.” “That’s usually what serial killers say,” she said with a raised eyebrow. The corner of his mouth twitched into a smirk and he shrugged. Rey chewed her lip and thought about it. Common sense told her getting in a car with a total stranger was high on the list of stupid things she could do, but she’d done her share of stupid things at the junkyard and she was still around. He was big, and she was more than confident that she remembered enough self-defense moves from the junkyard days that she could at least disable him if she needed to, but those moves were severely hampered in enclosed spaces like cars. She did carry a knife that she kept in the zip pocket of her purse if she absolutely had no other choice, but it was better to not put herself in the situation in the first place. On the other hand, so far Ben hadn’t set off any of the red flags she had for potentially dangerous people, and she didn’t want to pass up the opportunity. She supposed she could rent one herself eventually, maybe the next time she was in L.A, but she wasn’t sure when that would be. Making up her mind, she pulled out her phone and walked around to the back, making it clear she was taking a picture of the FINLIZR personalized plate. She texted it to Jess. ‘Don’t ask questions, but if I don’t text you in 30 min, call the cops. Give this plate.’ ‘W.T.F? Whose car is that?’ ‘No questions!’ 'Be safe, dummy. I’ll wait 4 ur txt.’ As an added precaution, Rey wiped her messages so if Ben did try to steal her phone, he wouldn’t know who she’d sent it to. When she shoved her phone back in her bag and looked up, he’d opened the passenger door. She slid into the seat and he closed the door before he settled his large frame behind the wheel. “You have 30 minutes,” she said. He nodded, and flipped the cover on the ignition switch in the center of the console. The car came to life with a roar and Ben quickly navigated toward the nearby hills, away from cluttered city traffic. He pushed through the winding roads with a practiced comfort and smooth reflexes, the car reaching speeds that probably would have terrified anyone else, but she was used to fast and his grip on the steering wheel stayed firm but relaxed. There was a silence between them that should have been uncomfortable but strangely wasn't, as he focused on the road and she divided her attention between the drive and furtive glances at him. Her gaze settled on his big hands, how the wheel slid along his palms as he confidently took the turns, and she found herself suddenly curious about how those hands would feel on her. Was he rough with his partners or soft? The train of thought was new to her; for a long time she’d never really been close enough to anyone to be comfortable with a lot of physical contact and it hadn’t been until after she’d finally gotten used to Poe and Finn’s touchy nature that she’d realized what she’d been missing. She could appreciate an attractive guy, but pursuing anyone was low on her priority list. She supposed it was a habit left over from her homeless days- — in the grand scheme of things, romance just wasn’t that important. There was a pretty big pool of single guys to choose from around the track, but Rey made it a point to stay away from coworkers. She was keenly aware that as a female in a male-dominated industry, her actions were under the microscope, and she wanted to continue to be known for her riding skills, not who she was dating or sleeping with. She also studiously avoided anything that would put her in the tabloids, although there was a small voice in the back of her mind that reminded her Ben wasn’t a coworker, and there was a good possibility no one would know who he was. She had started out the ride wishing it was still light so she could see the scenery fly by, but now she was grateful for the dark that hid the blush that heated her cheeks. She put down her window so she could feel the cool breeze lift her hair, and if she closed her eyes it almost felt like flying. It was the same zen-like feeling she got when she was on her bike and time seemed to suspend itself as the world rushed by. She snapped out of her musings when Ben pulled off onto an overlook and the car slid to a smooth stop. Rey glanced around at the otherwise deserted area and remembered with a jolt how far from the city they were. It wasn’t a great place to dump a body, considering during the day the highway was crowded with tourists and travelers and the overlooks were usually crowded, but no one would be able to hear her if she screamed, regardless. The engine idled with a purr as he glanced over at her. She stiffened instinctively and balled her right hand into a fist as he unbuckled his seatbelt and turned to her. “Ben, what’re you--” “My half hour is up. Your turn,” he said. He got out, strolling to the front of the car, where he waited. Rey had the chance to scramble across the console, shut his door and lock him out, if she chose to. Seconds ticked by before she slowly relaxed her hand. This wasn’t the junkyard; not everyone was dangerous. “C’mon. Show me what you got,” he called to her. She opened her door and swung her feet out. “Really?” “Unless you don’t want to?” he goaded. “I mean...would the owner be okay with it?” Ben smirked, and the sardonic expression crossing his features was enough to make Rey wonder exactly how he felt towards the owner of the car. "He won't mind," Ben said with a slight huff of laughter. “Oo...kay,” she said. She retrieved her phone to send Jess an update text as she walked around to the driver's side and Ben headed for her vacated seat. 'I’m fine, no cops necessary. Will explain later.’ ‘I hate u so much. Don’t do anything dumb.’ Jess replied. They traded places and Rey adjusted the seat and the mirrors before slipping her shoes off. She didn’t drive enough to dare navigating a car that expensive in unstable heels. Ben leaned closer to her to show her the differences such as the shifter being a flat paddle behind the steering wheel instead of a knob on the console, and explained the different driving modes in his deep, mellow voice. Rey drove back down to the city at a slower pace, getting used to the way the car handled When they hit the longer straight stretches of road that marked the city’s street grid, Ben smirked at her. “Floor it.” “What?” “You can’t drive this car and not see how fast you can go.” His voice dropped into a conspiratory murmur. “You know fast. I know this road. So…go.” He nodded toward the open asphalt before them. Rey grinned and her bare foot pressed the accelerator to the floorboard and the car lunged forward. Within fifteen seconds the car rocketed to just over two hundred miles per hour, and her smile was so big that her face hurt. The car would reach two- hundred-twenty but Rey hit the brakes to drop down to a more reasonable speed, her heart racing. -- By the time Rey pulled back into Chalmun’s, the parking lot was empty and the lights turned off. She parked and after a moment of silence she turned to Ben, only to find him watching her in that strange way that was both intimidating and thrilling all at once. “This was so fun. Thank you.” He made a noncommittal humming noise and opened his door. Rey bit her lip and undid her seatbelt, wondering if she’d done something to upset him, or if he was just in hurry to get her out of his car. Maybe he had a girlfriend he needed to get home to… She was startled when he came around and opened her door. She cleared her throat and jumped out, nearly crashing into him with how close he was standing. He reached out, his hands settling on her hips. She had a moment to think Oh, that’s what they feel like, before she let out a surprised yelp as he picked her up and set her on the hood of the car, retreating before she could react. He ducked into the car and came out with her shoes, holding them out to her. “You’ll get your feet dirty,” he said, and she heard a hint of amusement in his voice as she took them from him and slipped them on. She was about to jump down when his arms settled on either side of her, caging her in. His eyes scanned over her in a way that left no question as to his interest. “Rey,” he said softly, “I’m not ready for this to be over. Come home with me.” There was an unfamiliar feeling curling in her gut, mixing with the adrenaline; something that also felt like flying when she surprised herself with her response. “Yes.” Notes: I'm so sorry for the wait on this! Special thanks to Juulna for making this chapter happen. Comments are the nectar of the Gods, and thank you for reading! <3 Come say hi...I'm fatalfascination on tumblr :)