I have eyes for you sweetheart You were sitting at the table watching them dance. He was twirling her around and laughing. You never saw him laugh that much in his life. He was happy and you guess you have to be happy for him. You and Kylo were really great friends. You work in his office, writing and organizing paperwork. During work hours, you both would joke around and make funny faces at each other. Sure you made him laugh but it wasn’t the laugh he was giving the other woman. You fell in love with Kylo when you first saw him take off his mask. Of course you flirted once in awhile and he would flirt with you. You were unsure if he loved you back, but the dance confirmed he really wasn’t that into you. Everyone in the room was dancing, even Hux and Phasma were dancing together. You were the only one sitting down in the dark corner of the room watching everyone else have fun. You decided to get up and go outside to get some fresh air. You sat on a bench that was under a large tree overlooking the lake. The sky was filled with stars. The lake was glimmering, The wind was calm. Even the insects were at peace. “(Name)?” You heard a robotic voice say. You jump and turn around to see Kylo. “Hey.” You said. Kylo was in his usual uniform-black robes and mask. You got to admit to yourself that was your favorite look on him. He sat down next to you and took off his mask. You turn to look at him. He had a worried look on his face. “I was looking for you. I got scared and went looking for you,” He panted. Did he run here? “What happened? Did someone say something to you?” “No.” You answered. “Then what happened? Please tell me,” His breathing was returning to normal. He took his hand into yours. “Please. I’m not leaving until you tell me.” You turned away from him and gently pushed his hands away. “Well, I saw you dancing with another woman and I kinda...got jealous..” You trailed off and stared at the ground. “I’m sorry Kylo. I was being immature and foolish. Now go and be with her.” You look up at him and expected him to be gone, but instead he had a confused look on his face. “(Name), That woman I was dancing with was Nomi,” He began to laugh. “She is an old family friend and is new to the first order. Also, she is married. I have eyes for you sweetheart.” “What?” You said surprisingly. “So you love me? Like love love? Not friendship love? Like-” He cut you off with a kiss. It was hard yet soft. It was fiery but passionate. You put your arms around his waist and pull him closer. You felt his hands going up and down your back. You became lost in the kiss. The rest of the galaxy was disappearing. It was just the two of you and it was perfect. As your lips pull apart, a gentle breeze flutters over the flame extinguishing the desperate heat. You both are breathing heavy. The rest of the galaxy was coming back to focus. He smiled. “Does that answer your question?” You were panting. “Y-yes.” You pulled him into another kiss. After minutes of intense kissing, your head was resting on his shoulder. “Sorry Kylo. I wish I knew she was your friend. I kinda over reacted.” He looked down at you. “(Name),there is nothing for you to be sorry about. She’s recently joined the first order. I danced with her because we used to dance together as little kids when our parents forced us to go to balls or formal dinners.” You giggled. “That’s kinda cute.” “Wanna go back and meet her?” He asked. “Of course.” -------------------------------------------------------------------- You reach to open the door but kylo stopped you. “No. Not in there.” You were confused. “Kylo I thought-” “Maybe another time,” He cut you off. “Let’s go somewhere more private.” He grabbed you by the hand and took you to the balcony. There was no one around. All you can hear was the music that was playing inside. “Kylo…” you began. “(Name), Would you like to have this dance.” He held out his left hand to you. “Yes.” You smiled as he pulled you closer to him. You wrapped your arms around him with your left hand locked with his. You turned and moved with every muscle following his pace. He twirled you around a dipped you, kissing your neck. You looked through the narrow window and saw the woman who you saw with kylo was dancing with her husband. They looked at each other with smiles on their faces. Kylo lifted you up. “I hope that’s us one day.” You buried your head in his chest. “What?” He sat his chin on your head. “That one day we’ll be a married couple.” You closed your eyes. “How about tonight?” Your eyes widened open. “Excuse me?” “Let’s do it. Let’s get married tonight.” Kylo stopped the dance and held your hands. “You’re serious? You wanna get...married?” You smiled. You always dreamed of this happening but not this fast. But hey, you only live once right? “Yes! (Name), there is a chapel down the road from here. I know the pastor, he can marry us. I can grab Hux and Phasma as witnesses,” He scanned your face with his eyes. “So what do you say?” “Well…I will only say yes when you’re on one knee,” You laughed. “I’m joking Kylo. Of course-” You stopped when he got down on one knee. Without letting go of your hands he says, “(Name)(Last Name), When I first met you my heart skipped a beat. When you laugh you brighten the galaxy. When you cry, the galaxy cries with you. You were always there for me. If it was to calm me down after a nightmare or making stupid jokes in my office-” “Hey,” You cut him off. “What did you say about my jokes?” “Er I mean when you make the best jokes.” He gave you an awkward laugh. You smiled. “Go on.” “(Name), What I’m trying to say is I love you. I give everything up to be with you, even the first order,” There was a long pause. “(Name). Will you marry me?” -------------------------------------------------------- You, Kylo, Phasma, and Hux traveled to the small Chapel. The old pastor agreed to marry you and kylo even though it was 3:30 in the morning. You were in the dressing room fixing your hair. You didn’t really change much. You kept your makeup the same but you put your hair up in a bun. “You look beautiful,” You heard Hux say.You turn around and saw him was standing in the doorway. He looked very tired. “Where did you get the dress?” “Kylo gave it to me as a birthday gift,” You twirled around to give Hux a 360 view. It was just a simple black dress but you loved it. “I thought this is the best time to wear it.” “It is. The wedding is in 2 minutes.” He yawned. Okay maybe you should've waited a day or two to get married. “I’m sorry if you’re tired. Maybe I can go talk to Kylo and see if we can get married tomorrow afternoon.” you walked up to him “No...It’s your special day...or morning...whatever (Name) it’s fine. I can stay up for another hour.” He smiled. “You sure?” You raised an eyebrow. “Yes. Plus, it’s an excuse for all of us to get breakfast or lunch tomorrow.” He turned around. “Wait! Hux, do you think you can give me away?” You rushed. Hux turned around and gave you a small smile. “Of course (name).” Your parents died when you were young. You were sent off to live with an stormtrooper of the first order. He was nice but sadly he passed away while you were at work. Hux locked his arm with yours. “Ready?” You responded with a smile. --------------------------------------------------- The wedding was small and private. The only people were Hux, Phasma, and a small hologram of Snoke who was fine with the marriage. “Kylo Ren. Do you take (Name)(Last Name) as your lawfully wedded wife?” The pastor said. “I do.” kylo said. The pastor turned to you. “(Name)(Last Name). Do you take Kylo Ren as your lawfully wedded husband?” “I do.” You smiled. You were clutching the small red rose in your hands. “I know pronounce you husband and wife. Mr. and Mrs. Ren,” He turned to Kylo. “You may kiss the bride.” Kylo wrapped his arms around you and dipped you. Your heart was racing and then he kissed you. It was like magic. The way his lips connected with yours. The only sound was clapping of Hux and Phasma. You pulled away from kylo. “I love you.” You whispered. “I love you too.” He whispered back. “Congratulations,” Phasma said. “Sorry to ruin the moment but can I go to bed?” She looked over and winked at Hux. ------------------------------------------------------------------ 2 years later… Marrying Kylo was the best decision you ever made. You both got an apartment on planet that was only for the darkside. You would either work, play games, or dance with Kylo. Soon another member came to the family and his name was “Terri Jay Ren”. Terri was hours old. You recently came home from the medbay. You and Kylo were sitting on the couch, Gazing at your new born son. “He’s so beautiful.” You smiled. “Just like you.” Kylo commented. Kylo laid his head on your shoulder. You looked at Kylo. “I love you so much.” You laid your head on top of his. “I love you even more.” He replied back. “Actually, I love love you.” Chapter 2 : wedding night Summary: You and Kylo's wedding night. Notes: AHHH! Surprise! I decided to do a part two! Wedding night edition ;) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo was carrying you bridal style to his room. You recently married him. You both decided to ignore the rest of the ball and wanted to get an early start on your wedding night...or wedding morning since it was 6:15 a.m. You didn’t know how Kylo was even walking straight. He was making out with you the whole way there, quiet moans in between the kisses so no one else can here. You broke the kiss. “Kylo, Are we there yet?” “Almost love,” He said. “Soon, it’ll just be me and you becoming one.” You gulped. You have never ever been in bed with someone else. To be honest, you were really nervous. You finally reached the door to his room. He gently put you down and started to put a code in. “What about my room?” You asked in a low tone. Everyone else on this floor were high-ranking officers, you didn’t want them to wake up and get them mad. “I’ll make arrangements later,” The door slid open. “I’m a little busy to do it now.” You smile and grabbed his hand. You both rushed into the room. His room was very different from yours. It was bigger and luxurious. In the middle of the room, laid a big bed covered in red blankets. Kylo leaned against your ear. “What do you prefer? Counter, shower, bed?” “The bed please.” You turned around and kissed him. You grab his belt and moved him to the bed. Heavy loud moans were the only sound in the room. Kylo pushed you on the bed. You decided to let him be in charge since he knows what he’s doing. You notice that he stopped. “I don’t.” He whispered. “What?” You sat up. “I’m sorry, I was listening to your thoughts. I know you dislike when I do that but I couldn’t help it.” He laid his head on your stomach. “I don’t care about that,” You ran your fingers through his hair. “Kylo, did you ever have sex before? He looked up at you. His cheeks turned a little pink. “No. You're my first.” “You’re my first too.” The next second, your head was on the pillow. His teeth were clacked against yours, he moved his mouth against your own. He broke away and looked at you eyes widen. “Sorry, Am I going to fast? When you said first I kinda lost it and-” You cut him off with a kiss, parting your mouth to let him take full advantage. “I don’t care.” You said in between. You felt his tongue on yours. Heat was building up through your whole body. One by one you both undressed each other, ripping each clothing off, begging to see each other naked for the first time. After you were fully naked, Kylo scanned your body. “You’re beautiful.” His hand reached for your breast and began rubbing the nipple gently. You hips bucked into his. He jumped when he felt you against his hard member. You traced down a hand to grab it. “(name)...” He blurted. He got between your legs. Now this was heating you up even more. He gently started to rock himself a little bit. “Are you sure you want to do this?” You nodded. You’ve been waiting for this for a long time with that perfect person. This morning, Kylo was going to be that perfect person. “Before we start, um, since we’re married, is it okay if I call you Ben in private?” You knew about his past and try not to bring it up. You really try not to bring up the killing of his father. His hands intertwined with yours. “Of course, only in private.” He got up and positioned himself at angle. “Comfortable?” “Yes.” You choked. After that, he thrust in and you cried out. Hit fit perfectly and he was so good. You can hear him grunt. You grab the sheets and enjoyed this moment. You and Ben were one. “Ben…” You moaned into the pillow. Every thrust you cried in pleasure, trying to keep quiet so his neighbors wouldn’t hear you. Ben lifted his head up so he can look at you. He pulled closer so he can kiss you. One final thrust and the both of you came at the same time. He stopped and his hips were twitching a little bit. “Are you okay?” You place a hand on his cheek. “Yea. I went a little too fast,” He pulled out of you and laid his forehead on yours. After of few minutes calming down, You got up from the bed and walked up to his closet. You were looking for a bathrobe. Ben was pretty tall so the see-through robe was going to be hella long on you. You walk past the Bed. “Where are you doing?” Ben asked. You turn to him. “Sometimes, I like to look at the morning sun.” You turned back and opened the glass doors that leads out to the balcony. The sun rising was orange and red. The cool wind was blowing through your hair. The city was dark and quiet. This was your favorite time of the day and you get to share it with Ben. “You know what else is beautiful this morning?” You turned your head and saw that Ben was only wearing his pants. “Who?” You giggled. “You, He walked up to you and kissed you. He picked you up and twirled you around. “I’m so happy I married. I love you so much (Name).” “I’m happy I became Mrs. Ren,” You held your left arm between the two of you to show off your wedding ring. “I love you too, Ben.” You wrap your legs around his waist. He rushed back inside and plop you onto the bed. He walked up to the glass door and shut them so the lovers can have their privacy for round two. Notes: I hope you enjoyed! Chapter 3 : Terri Jay ren Notes: writing helps me get through rough times so I thought ‘why not make a part three of this?’ I really love this story and a couple of you asked to do a part with the baby :) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “He’s coming home?” You smiled. Ben was coming home today! Ben had to leave for a mission about 3 weeks ago to find the map to Skywalker. Today is the day he’s coming home! “Yes,” the droid said. “Lady Ren, I would get down there now if you want to see him really bad.” You walk past the droid and hurried to the landing pad with a couple of high ranking officers and generals nodding you hello. Everyone on the base was shock when Kylo was announced married. People wanted to know why, where, and when? Snoke spread the word that he just set you two up. You pass several troopers to get in front. You could hear them whispering hello and you whispered back. You saw Kylo’s ship come in for landing. You smiled really big with your hair being blew around wildly. You jumped when you saw Kylo walk out the doors. He looked around and saw you. He started walking towards you and you did the same. You started to run when you got closer and closer. When you finally got to him, you put your arms around his waist. You look up and him, took off his helmet, and gave him a kiss. “I’ve missed you.” He said, hugging you back. “I’ve missed you too.” You gave him another kiss. As you were walking inside, you were stopped by Hux. “Lady Ren, it’s good to see you.” He gave you a small smile. “Good to see you too.” You smiled back at him. Hux turned to Kylo. “I expect to see your reports tomorrow.” kylo nodded and both of you walked away. ------------------------------------------------- Later that night, you were laying in bed. Reading the news on your data pad. You heard the bedroom door open and saw Ben walking in with his black pajamas on. “Finally a bed.” He laid down next to you. You put your data pad down and moved closer to him, drawing little patterns on his chest. “You know Ben, I’ve really missed you.” “I missed you too…” He said. His lips touched yours. “Kissing you…” He moved his hand down to your thighs. “Touching you…” Ben looked at you in the eyes to make sure you really wanted this. You shake your head yes and he got on top of you. “I love you so much (name).” Ben said before kissing you again. --------------------------------------------------------- Pregnant. Pregnant. Pregnant. The little white stick had a “+” in it. How on starkiller were you going to tell Ben? You NEVER talked about children before with him. What if he didn’t want the baby? What if he didn’t want you anymore? What is he going to do to you? You sat down on the bed and look up stuff about being pregnant on your datapad. Morning sickness? Cravings? This was going to be a rough 9 months. Ben walked in and sat next to you. You turn off your data pad, hopefully he wasn’t looking. He took of his mask and gave you a kiss on the cheek. “How’s my lovely wife doing?” “Good. Um, Ben. I need to tell you something.” You sit in his lap and look at him in the eyes. “(Name), you can tell me anything.” He wrap his arms around you. “Ben...I’m pregnant.” You calmly say and closed your eyes. You felt your head on the pillow and kisses all over your cheeks. “Wait, what-” “We’re going to be parents!” He says. He was unable to contain excitement within him. “How did this happened? Well, duh, I know how it happened! I’m going to be a father!” “You’re okay with this?” You look at him in the eyes. “Yes!” He place a hand on your stomach. “I’ll protect the both of you.” ----------------------------------------------------- You were forced to return to your home that Ben purchase after your two got married. As months went by you got bigger and bigger and bigger. At 7 months Kylo was dying to know the gender of the baby. “Please, please, please tell me love,” He kissed your stomach. “I can’t wait 2 more months.” “Okay, you asked for it. Ben, we’re having a-gotta wait 2 more months.” You played with his hair. He looked up at you. “(Name)!” “Sorry. I want it to be a surprise for you.” --- “So you didn’t tell him?” Phasma said. “What are you having? A boy or a girl?” “Well, he says he can force sense it. He says it’s a girl. I went to the doctor last week and-” Phasma cut you off. “What is it? Please, Please tell me!” You decided to tell her, but warned her not to tell him. You would kick Hux’s butt if he told Kylo. “I’m having a boy.” ---------------------------- Kylo Ren sat in the one of the chairs in the meeting rooms. He was waiting for Hux to walk in so he could yell at him. He was also concerned because Hux was never ever late for a meeting. As time went by, The door slammed open and Kylo turned around to see who it was. Phasma ran in, almost dropping her weapon, and yelling: “It’s time! It’s time! Ren, It’s time!” He got up. “Time for what?” Phasma was breathing heavy. “Your wife...we were talking...the next minute...she...drop...papers everywhere...water broke…” Kylo fully understood. His wife was at the medbay about to give birth. He could hear the roars of his wife, in pain, trying to wait for him so he can be there for the birth. There was a crowd of people at the medbay. Phasma pushed people aside so Ren can go in the delivery room. When he walked in, his wife was ready to push. “I’m here.” He held your hand. You smiled and took deep breaths as the doctor was counting to ten, he asked if Kylo, Hux, or Phasma wanted to look. Phasma walked over. “(Name), I can see the head! You’re doing so good!” Hux walked over. “Let me-” and fell to the ground. “Don’t worry, that happens all the time, mostly the fathers. The baby is almost there Lady Ren!” Phasma walked over to Hux. “I need some pics of this.” Kylo rolled his eyes and looked at the process. He turned back to you. “Almost done, love. Just keep pushing.” Moments later the doctor held your new baby. “It’s a boy!” The doctor handed you your baby all cleaned and wrapped up in a red blanket. “Hi…” You cooed. “I’m your mommy and this is your daddy.” “He’s beautiful,” Ben touched his son’s cheek. “What’s his name? Have you thought of one?” “Terri. Terri Jay Ren.” You held your baby closer. “Can I hold him?” Kylo asked. You handed Terri to Kylo. The baby whimpered and snuggle up close to him. Hux got up from the floor. “What did I miss?” He looked at Kylo and Terri. “Oh yeah, I forgot, baby.” ----------------------------- Every wanted to hold Terri. Everyone was sending you toys and baby clothes. Even Snoke congratulated you. “Congratulations, Lady Ren. I bless him with greatness and the force.” Snoke said. “Thank you, Supreme Leader Snoke.” You said, bowing. You turn to Kylo who was smiling at you. “Ren, I would like for you to have a month off so you can spend time with your new family.” With that the hologram turned off. You turn to Kylo and gave him a big hug. ------------------------------------ You close the door to Terri’s room and walked down the hall. You bumped into Kylo. “Hello, love.” He kissed you. You kissed him back. “I love you so much.” He smiled and pulled you closer. “I love you too.” Notes: I know cheesy ending. Thank you for reading! Notes: Lol sorry if it got lazy at the end because I’m was tired while writing it, but I really did enjoy it. Lol I know “Planet for the darkside only” but, again, i was tired to do any research. I hope you enjoyed it!