Admittedly, they didn’t have the greatest of first-meetings. Whenever they’re asked, they always give a different story: meeting by chance in a café, through a friend’s friend’s cousin, at an award’s ceremony. It wasn’t that their first meeting was bad. God no , it wasn’t. It was probably the best meeting of another person that she had ever experienced. She wouldn’t change it for the world. Signings were soul-devouring. They could be nice. Talking with people could be nice. When they came with their ideas and theories about your characters, you liked to indulge them. It was nice, listening and talking with people about a story that had been in your head for years. Seeing all of it in front of you – in the eyes of people you didn’t even know, and knowing that they could see the same thing that had been in your brain for years – it was scary. You always tweeted about preforming in a nearby cafe. You tended to have your signings in London near one particular café – the Songbird. It could only be described by your friend as a hipster’s home-world. It had a small stage and a piano. Your friend Peter worked there, and whenever you arrived with people from the signing, he played while you sang. You sat on the stool in the middle of the stage. Peter sat behind the You knew him from somewhere. Dark eyes, dark curly hair and a scruffy-looking beard. Your eyes didn’t leave his. “I’m at risk with being intimate with brokenness,” you sang softly. When your song was over, those who had been to your signing had left. “We would be bankrupt without you,” Peter handed you a cup of coffee. You sat down at the bar. “I don’t understand why this place isn’t crawling with people,” you say as you look around. It had its patrons and regulars – you were one of them – but you didn’t understand why it was doing as badly as it was. It used to be worse. That’s when Peter asked you to start bringing people over. It was free, of course. You couldn’t bare putting another charge on them, especially after buying your book and a ticket to come to the signing in the first place. What Peter hoped was that they would buy coffee and treats while they were there. Some people lingered, and then became regulars. You sip at the coffee, sighing heavily at how the warmth spread through your bones. It was cold in London. It’s always cold in London, but it was unnaturally cold in London. Your coat, scarf, hat and gloves couldn’t keep you warm. You firmly believed that if you had to walk one more street then your toes would fall off from frostbite. Your boots weren’t going to last the winter. Peter stays behind the counter, serving a young couple at the other end and leaving you to your drink. It’s warm between your hands. Another person gets up on the stage to play at the piano, and you smile at them. It’s another local, one you’ve been seeing in the café for a while now. There was a hand on your shoulder. “Excuse me?” You looked over your shoulder and the first thing you saw were two dark brown eyes looking back at you. “I hope I’m not interrupting,” he said. You shook your head. Putting your mug down on the counter, your mind started working overtime. Why is there an actor talking to you? Why is Oscar Isaac talking to you? He rubbed the back of his neck with his hand. “I saw you preforming,” he said, jutting a thumb over to the stage. “I just wanted to say that you have an amazing voice.” Funny , a voice in your mind was saying, shame it’s not working now . You swallowed. “Thank you.” Peter sighed from behind you. “This is the most painful thing I’ve ever seen.” “Shut up,” you threw over your shoulder. You turned back to Oscar and gestured to the empty stool beside you. “Do you want to sit?” Peter eventually left you two alone, wandering back over to the girls at the other end of the bar. “Do you sing here often?” Oscar asked you. You shook your head. “No, I’m an author,” you explained, “I come here after signings.” Oscar tilted his head. “You’re an author, you can sing, and your beautiful?” he whistled. “It’s almost not fair.” You felt your cheeks flush. “You have an unfair amount of talents yourself, Oscar.” You both laughed. You looked down at your hands that were fidgeting on your lap. An hour went by while you two talked. It was a strange experience. Usually, it was the other way around – you would be gushing over someone, not the other way around. It felt weird. You talked about your interests, shocked slightly that a lot of them were similar. Peter cast a glance your way every so often, looking between the two of you and arching an eyebrow. You waved him away every time he attempted to come over to you both. After an hour there was a lull in your conversation, a moment where everything went quiet. “Listen,” Oscar shuffled on the stool and leaned closer. He leaned his elbow against the counter and rested his head against his hand. “I wanted to say that you’re beautiful. I don’t usually do this that often, but I’m in the city for a few days,” he stopped there. He frowned slightly. You raised your eyebrows at him. “I like you,” he said. “I like you a lot.” You looked down at your hands. “You’re, like, a famous actor.” “You’re a famous author,” he quips back. You don’t have any retort for that. The café is quiet, with only a handful of people left. Peter would be closing up soon anyway. Looking down at your phone, you checked the time. You had already spent too long here. “The last Tube for my station leaves in five minutes,” you said. Oscar raised an eyebrow. “It’s a ten minute walk from here,” you clarified. You could get a taxi. You could call an Uber. You could do a lot of things to get home. All of them seemed to be bad ideas. Fuck it . “Where are you staying?” you asked. A slow smile spread on Oscar’s face. “Dorset Square,” he replied. You grabbed your coats and walked out of the café. You waved a goodbye to Peter, who looked between you and Oscar, then fixing you with an arched eyebrow. It was freezing outside. London was so bloody temperamental when it came to its weather. The heatwaves in summer were too hot. The winters were too cold. Everything in between was just full of rain and heavy overcast clouds. You shoved your hands into your pockets and walked along the street. Oscar walked along beside you, looking up at the terraced houses and shops you passed as you walked along. As you walked, you noticed how Oscar seemed to close the distance between you both. You talked idly on the way to his hotel. It wasn’t far away, maybe a few streets away. Dorset Square was a nice hotel – too nice for you to really feel comfortable in. You eyed the building as you approached. You whistled lowly. “One of the best hotels in London.” Oscar smiled back at you. He linked your arm in his as you walked into the hotel, through the lobby and waited for the elevator to open. He had moved between your legs again but this time lower, mouth hovering over you naval, kissing the soft skin and moving to bite teasingly at your hipbones. “Is this okay?” He asked you, his dark eyes staring hungrily up at you. “This is absolutely okay,” you breathed as you looked down at him. You let your head drop back to the pillows as he started moving to kiss his way down your thighs and then lick a long line up the length of your core, ending at the sensitive bundle of nerves and sucking. “Fuck,” She gasped, hips arching. You could feel his lips curve in a smile against you. “Smug bastard,” you chastised him but whimpered and fisted your hands in his hair as he got to work. Oscar smirked and continued, soon bringing one teasing a finger to drag slowly around your entrance the other using his thumb to circle around your clit. “You’re far too good at this,” you breathed. “Is that a complaint?” “Fuck no.” “Good,” his smirk grew and pressed a finger inside of you. “Jesus Christ,” you whimpered hips rocking down seeking more. Instantly there was a second joining it, moving steadily in and out of you. “Good?” He asked you, voice gruff as he watched you were trying to get more contact from his fingers. “Yeah,” you moaned lowly, back arching, trying to get the fingers deeper. You threw an arm over your eyes as you let yourself feel everything – sparks were coursing through your veins. You felt his tongue dip into you and that was it. You gasped and whimpered through an orgasm. Oscar looked up to you. He continued until you whimpered and pushed at his shoulder, moaning softly about being too sensitive right then. He backed up and looked over your body. His dark eyes had only gotten darker. You moved your arm off of your eyes and smirked at him through your pleasure filled haze and reached for the hand that had been inside of you, bringing the two fingers to your lips and sucking on them deliberately, tongue curling around and around, hollowing your cheeks for show. Your eyes never left his. “Tease,” he growled. You pulled off of his fingers. “Lie down,” you pushed at his shoulder. “I’ll repay the favour.” Something ignited behind his eyes. He rolled onto his back and spreading his knees to give you enough room to kneel between them. You covered his body with your own, taking your time, starting at his neck, biting along his collarbone, your hands running up and down the sides of his torso, ever so softly, increasing his skins sensitivity before dragging your tongue down the centre of his chest to his naval. Your eyes drifted up to his. You smirked up at him; eyes locked together as you slid lower, letting your body rub against him until your lips were level with the head of his erection. You worked slowly, slower than he had been with you, sucking on just the head and the first inch or so, teasing and building up a rhythm before moving to take more. “We’re going to need to take a break if you’re going to continue like this,” he managed to get out a warning. You looked up to him and smirked. You pulled off of him. “Pity,” you grinned as you crawled up his body carefully keeping your lower bodies separate. He rolled them slowly so he could move off the bed and search through an open suitcase, coming back looking with a condom. “Were you planning on getting laid when in London?” you grinned at him. “What if I was?” He shrugged. Crawling up to you, you lay back and watched him roll the condom onto himself. “I’m really starting to wonder how many cafes and bars you’ve wandered into looking for someone to catch your eye.” You felt him huff a laugh against your neck. You let your eyelids flutter closed as he started to nip at the skin there. With that grin still on his lips, he lined up and began to press forward, slow, gentle, until he was all the way in, holding still while you whimpered and moaned softly, adjusting to his size. “So good,” he murmured in your ear. “Tell me when to move,” his eyes were closed and the hand he hand beside your head, the one tightly fisting the sheets, shook slightly. “Now,” you moaned, hitching a leg over his hips. “Move now.” “So pretty when you beg,” He grinned and started moving, slow but firm, picking up the pace. Both of you were panting, sweating lightly and moving frantically with each other to get the most friction you could. “Fuck, Oscar,” you groaned, the legs you had around your hips pulling him into you, trying to get him deeper. Oscar dropped his head to your shoulder as he drove into your harder. “Fuck,” you moaned, so close, but not quite there. You carded your fingers through his hair and gripped onto the curls tightly. He let out a punched-out groan. You changed the angle of you hips, tilted them upwards a little more and he sank in deeper on the next thrust and it had you both moaning loudly. “Fuck, close, gonna come,” you whimpered, your legs pulling him in harder and deeper. “Come on, come for me,” he urged, punctuating it with a particularly hard thrust. He picked up his head and pressed a kiss to your temple. “Come for me darling,” he growled. “Fuck,” you repeated. You cupped his cheek with one of your hands, bringing his face in front of yours so that you could look into each other’s eyes. Your other hand went between you, rubbing tight quick circles against your clit. He watched you, watched the pleasure spike and your back arch almost cleanly off the bed as you came, head dropping back against the pillows, baring your throat for his teeth to latch onto as he felt himself follow. A few thrusts later he shoved in deep and held there until the aftershocks had died off and you both had mostly regained your breathing. Carefully he gripped the base of the condom and pulled out of you. You could see he was being careful in case you were sore. He tied it off and dropped it into the small bin next to the bedside table. He collapsed back down on the bed, next to you with your hips and shoulders touching. He reached his hand across and entwined your fingers was you lay together. “You okay?” He asked turning his head and kissing your bare shoulder. You hummed happily back to him, turning to look him in the eye. “Good,” he smiled and rolled to his side, nuzzling his face into your neck. “Sleep for a few hours then round two?” He asked nipping at your earlobe. You tilted your head to the side and let him nuzzle his nose into your neck. “I’ll take you up on that offer,” you warned. “That’s why I suggested it,” he smiled against your skin. “Why exactly are you here?” “I can't you,” he smiled down at you, running his fingers through your hair, “it’s a secret.” Neither of you were going to be moving any soon. It was a strange experience. Whatever it was you were doing – a one night stand, your mind immediately went to, what else could it be? – it was the strangest thing. You had your experience with them before, but none of them ended up with you curled up against an actor’s side, having your hair messed with. “I’ll get it out of you eventually,” you said, tracing your fingers along his chest. “I’m guessing something to do with a movie.” “However did you guess?” “Shut up,” you lightly smacked his shoulder. He was doing that smile again – the one where it spread from ear to ear, his eyes crinkle and it makes your heart skip just for a moment. He sighed heavily and let his head drop back into the pillows. “I really can’t tell you,” he said. The fingers that were combing through your hair moved down to your neck and your shoulders, kneading the muscle there gently. You sighed into his shoulder. It seemed neither of you were going to be speaking about what was eventually going to happen: were you just going to gather your clothes, thank him, and leave? Were you going to eventually be kicked out? You didn’t even want to encourage the thoughts of this maybe being something more than it was. You pulled that weed of a thought out of your head so quickly, it didn’t get a chance to latch on. One of you is going to have to say something. Spit it out. It’s going to be said eventually – rip it off like a Band-Aid . “Can I take your number?” The question shocked you out of your thoughts. For a second, you were just staring at him. Consumed in your own mind, you didn’t realise he had reached for his phone and was holding it in his hand. “Um-” “-Unless, you don’t want to, of course,” he said quickly, “I was just wondering-if it’s okay with you-” “Yeah,” you managed to get out. “Yeah it’s okay with me. Why, though?” “Why what?” “Why do you want my number?” Oscar frowned slightly. “Why wouldn’t I?” “This is a mess of a conversation,” you said plainly. He smiled. “Yeah it is.” London was slowly waking up outside. Even though the room floor was away from the streets, you could hear the buses and cars of the city pass. Sunlight was starting to creep into the room through the curtains neither of you had bothered to pull last night. “We did this the wrong way around,” Oscar suddenly said. You looked up at him again. “I was going to ask you out on a date.” Fucking hell . “Okay.” Reply of the century, ladies and gentlemen. You slowly reached out for Oscar’s phone and typed in your number. When it was saved, you handed it back to him. “What now?” you asked. You had turned onto your stomach, and leaned over his side slightly. He wrapped his arm around your middle, his fingers stroking along your bare back. “I’m going to be in London for a while,” he said, running his eyes over your bare shoulder. “We’ll sort it out later,” you replied. You reached to the bedside cabinet on your side of the bed and checked your phone. It had a long list of texts from your publisher, Abbie on it, and you groaned. “What’s up?” Oscar asked. He moved on the bed slightly, turned on his side and pressing kisses to your shoulder blade. His hand had wandered under the sheets slung low on your hips and his fingers traced along your hip. “My publisher,” you replied, shivering slightly when he started kissing and nipping at your neck. You sent back a reply of I’m not dead, don’t worry to Abbie and let yourself drop back onto the bed. “Is everything okay?” Oscar asked you. He held himself up on his elbows over you. You wrapped your arms around his neck and nodded. “Good,” he smiled and started to trail kisses down your neck. Tell me. I can’t! Oscar, pls? No. You smiled down at your phone. You looked up from it every so often to navigate your way through London’s streets. Your meeting was at the end of the street in one of London’s finer hotels. You already had a pair of arms around you. “It’s nice to see you again JJ,” you hugged him tightly. Out of all the directors that had requested to make your books into movies, JJ was the one you picked. You adored the man. He just seemed to get the characters and their situations. That’s all you could ever ask for. The meeting room was one of the hotel’s viewing rooms booked out for you, JJ and the rest of the cast. You had met some of them at their auditions. Others JJ promised you were right for the part, and you had to trust him. You did. “This is (Y/N),” JJ introduced you to the cast. Some of them had still to arrive, but the majority of the main cast was here. They all greeted you. “She wrote the books this is based off of.” “So don’t screw it up, Abrams,” you retorted. It got a few laughs from the cast and you and JJ both took your seats. He had a stack of scripts on a small table in between your chair and his. “This isn’t the finished script, so don’t worry,” he told you, “it’s only for the table read now. We get to see how the whole cast operates, instead of them just on their own.” You nodded. JJ put down the script he was holding and turned around. “There he is!” he laughed. “JJ my man!” Your heart stopped in your chest. You turned around and saw a very smiley Oscar Isaac hugging JJ. His eyes flickered over to you and his smile dropped. JJ beckoned you over. “This is our author,” he said gesturing to you. He stuck out his hand to you. “Oscar Isaac.” You introduced yourself. JJ had already taken his seat beside yours. Looking up at you and Oscar, he noticed how your hands were still clasped together. “Are you okay?” You looked down at him and dropped Oscar’s hand. “Yeah,” you smiled and took your seat beside him. The rest of the cast gathered around in the rest of the chairs. They were all in a circle, with JJ and you being to the top. Oscar sat on the other side of JJ. You stared at him. “You should all have your scripts,” JJ said, pulling out his own. He leaned over the arm of his chair to share with you. He already had the margins blackened with notes and scribbles. The script wasn’t going to be the finished version, but it was weird seeing your characters on someone else’s paper. You scanned your eyes over the top of the script, where everyone and their characters were listed. Oscar Isaac: Alvarez. Your main character. You looked over JJ’s shoulder and saw the bastard looking back at you. Are you fucking kidding me? Notes: If you would like to suggest anything, or chat to me about all things Oscar Isaac/Star Wars just drop on by to my tumblr! yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com My inbox is always open <3 The song the Reader sings, by the way (my personal choice, but insert your own) is Countdown by Sleeping at Last. I have an entire soundtrack to this series. That's one of them, and it'll be a very important mood-setting song in time...*ahem* I regret nothing. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the I Wrote My Own Deliverance series Next Work →