Ben felt his heart constrict with every moment that passed by or with every person who walked in front of him and glared at him like he didn’t belong. Well for the most part, he knew that he didn’t belong there. In actuality, Ben didn’t feel like he belonged anywhere. Not with the First Order, nor the Resistance, not even Yavin IV. Even after defecting from the dark forces, he didn’t have a place where he belonged. He only hoped that his current task (his reasoning for being here), would give him some sense of belonging, some sense of home or better yet, a sense of forgiveness. He’d been advised against it, by his own conscience and more importantly, by Poe (Poe was more concerned for him getting hurt in the end). But this was something he felt he had to do. His father’s death still weighed heavy upon his chest, and he knew that that pain would never go away. But if anything, he wanted to lessen it, and he wanted to seek forgiveness for his deed. And to do that, he needed to apologize to the one person Han’s death truly hurt. And that one person happened to be his mother. “General Leia will see you now.” The voice broke him from his current day dream, only bringing him into an even more painful reality. He stood to his full length, imagining he frightened the young woman standing in front of him. He offered her a smile but she did not return it, infact, she simply led him down the Resistance base to Leia’s headquarters, where Ben stepped through the threshold of the open door and nearly flinched when it closed behind him. The woman left them. Looking forwards, towards the window, just past the desk filled with nothing but paper work, Ben saw his mother standing, looking out of the glass at the land below. Quite nostalgic of his childhood, remembering such a feeling from when he was a boy, Ben took a step forward. He knew Leia was aware that he’d entered the room, but she just hadn’t faced him yet, not that he blamed her. So he decided to speak first. “M...mom….” The word, after such a long time rolled off of his tongue in such an odd way. He didn’t expect it to sound so forced, so uncomfortable, but it did. And things didn’t get much better afterwards. “Ben.” She responded in a cold voice, still facing the window. She didn’t seem over joyed to say it, or happy in the least. It seemed even more forced than his greeting to her. At that moment, Ben felt the need to turn around and leave. Perhaps this was a bad idea. “It’s been a long time, hasn’t it?” Leia continued on, this time, turning around to see her son. Ben took a deep breath when, after such a long time, he finally saw his mother’s face. Years of pain and tragedy had taken its toll, and she looked tired and distressed. But in Ben’s eyes, she was still the most beautiful woman he’d ever seen. Always the princess he grew up chasing around. “Very…too long.” Ben felt himself nearly tripping over his words. His fear of being cast away by his mother quickly vanished, and for a second, he felt that he was free to let his guard down. But that feeling of acceptance soon changed As Ben took a step towards his mother, he saw the way she stiffened, and stared at him. Her glare became cold, as if she was looking at him like he was an enemy. Ben stopped in his tracks and stared at her in silence, almost tempted to read her mind. “With that said, I’d like to know why you’re here. You already gave the Resistance all the information you knew about the First Order, and I doubt there’s anything else you can tell me.” “I just wanted to come and visit you.” Ben felt the world nearly fall beneath his feet. Leia’s response, the way she spoke to him as if he was just a piece she could use to gain the upper hand in this war, hurt him. But what could he expect? So many things, so many terrible things had happened, there was no way Leia could see him as anything other than a tool. “Ben, with so little time to spare, with this war…there isn’t any time for you to just come and visit. I know this maybe surprising but so much has happened, there isn’t any time for leisure conversations…there’s no time to waste.” It was evident there was resentment. The past, their past couldn’t simply be patched up by a conversation, but that didn’t mean it made Ben feel any better. “You can’t even spare time…to speak to your son?” He knew he should not have posed the question, and from her spot, Leia stammered. She was still by the window, a distance away from him, and he still remained in his spot far from her. The two simply stared at each other, until Leia walked to her desk and sat. “You know things aren’t that simple Ben. Not after all that’s happened.” Ben took a deep breath. “Then I’ll be honest with you.” He frowned. “I wanted to talk to you about Han.” If the air in the room wasn’t dense before, it had certainly become dense now. As Leia slowly began to stand once again at the mention of her late husband’s name. “Han…” She breathed. “What of him? Why would you of all people want to speak about him, Ben?” “I wanted to…” Ben, taking another step, found himself looking towards his shoes but then back up towards his mother. His gaze rested upon her eyes, as if he was trying to find some form of support, but not to his surprise, he found none. “You wanted to what, Ben?” Leia snapped, hunched over with her hands on the desk, as if she couldn’t stand straight. “Talk about him? What could you say about him, when you are the last person here who should speak of him?” Ben knew this was a bad idea, but it was far too late for him to turn back. Unknowingly, he found himself walking towards his mother. Despite the look of discomfort on her face, he still walked towards her, hoping she’d offer him some kind of smile. But she didn’t, as he approached her, she stood to her full height. “I just wanted…I wanted to apologize for all I…for killing….him…for what I put…” Seeing such a disgusted look on his mother’s face, cause d him to trip on his words. He felt his heart drop, and his throat swell. To make matters worse, the second he reached out, just to comfort her and kindly brush her on the shoulder for support, she stepped back. She stepped back and drew her own hand, as if she would strike him. Ben stopped dead in his tracks and gazed into his mother’s eyes, feeling more hurt than before. “Mom…I…” “Please Ben…don’t…don’t call me that.” Against every will in his body, Ben did something he knew would hurt him more than anything. He peered into her mind, using his Force. He went into the depths of her head, for that split moment, and nearly lost his footing when he discovered just how she felt about him. All the childhood memories, their happy times together (though there were only a few of those), she’d hidden. She, using her own abilities, had buried the memories in the depths of her mind so she could no longer remember them; they brought her too much pain. And as for what she thought of her “son” now…to her, he was only the man who killed her husband. He was an enemy, now and forever. There was no redemption for him in her eyes, as she clearly, without a doubt, thought of him as a monster. He would have continued to peer into her mind, but it was no secret that her Force was stronger than his, and she pushed him out, instantly. She stared at him in horror, with a face of hurt and violation. “Ben…did you just…” “I’m sorry mo…General Leia…I’m so sorry, for everything.” If Leia wanted to say anything, Ben didn’t hear it, he quickly turned on his heel and left her office. He left the Resistance base, pushing past people looking at him like he was a demon, and hurried towards the direction of his house, but he stopped midway. There was a point on his way home when there was nothing but greenery and trees. For a ten minute walk, no one would hear or see him (not that it mattered in his case). Somewhere, Ben heard a body of water in the forest, and luckily for him, he knew exactly where it was. So abandoning the path, he stepped into the brush and walked, over logs, sticks and other things until he found himself at an all to familiar spot, a clearing. There was a lake shore, covered with a mixture of grass and dirt. Commonly, months prior to this, Ben would sit here by himself, and listen as the waves crashed against one another. For such a long time, after days of being ridiculed and looked down upon, he would sit there on his own. But only weeks later, he was joined by another, and that person just happened to be Poe. Sometimes they’d both travel to the shore together to watch the sun set behind the other side of the lake, but they hadn’t returned together in a while. Regardless, this place gave Ben such a sense of calmness. After a troublesome day, being at the lake gave him a sense of belonging. His happiest memories since he returned to the Resistance were there, and most if not all of those memories consisted of Poe. But in all honesty, he wasn’t sure that being in their spot that evening would be able to help him counter the pain he felt at that moment. The amount of self loathing and hatred he felt, and the guilt that followed, couldn’t be calmed by gazing at the water’s edge. Even as he sat down upon the dirt, waiting for something to change, he only felt worse and worse. Such pain would last as long as he lived, and he knew this. As long as he was the one who killed his father, as long as he knew is mother hated him, and saw him as nothing more than a monster, that pain would never go away. And eventually, he knew it would only grow stronger. He had Poe’s support now, but what would happen if Poe one day decided that Ben wasn’t worth his time? What would happen if one day, Poe actually listened to the whispers and concerns of others telling him to say away from Ben, and that Ben was truly evil and had no irredeemable qualities? If that happened, no, when that happened, Ben wouldn’t be able to manage. He wouldn’t be able to function if the last person he loved in the galaxy thought he was a monster. And because of the pain he felt now, Ben only feared how much more painful it would become, and he knew he wouldn’t be able take it anymore. He continued to stare on at the crashing waves, and knew that even if this place had such happy memories, it couldn’t offer him a sense of peace. As he looked at his life now, this lake could only offer him the sense of an ending. And he would gladly take it. oOoOoOoOoOo When Poe returned home that night, his first instinct was to find Ben. Work was hard and stressful, but luckily there’d been a get together for the Resistance pilots and other soldiers, hosted by General Leia. Still, being around Ben was more of a gift than being with the others. No matter how awkward Ben was, Poe looked forward to being in his arms and telling him about his day. Yet, it was quite a surprise, when Poe entered their home, and the lights were off. Of course, BB-8 followed behind him, eventually rolling in the house in front of Poe. He too seemed curious of Ben’s disappearance and began to frantically search the house, in silence. Feeling any positive energy drain from his body, Poe looked too. He and BB-8 finally met back in the living room, more worried than before. “Did you find him anywhere?” A few disgruntled nervous beeps and Poe had gotten his answer. “He’s probably just out buddy, don’t worry.” Poe pulled up a chair by the living room table and sat. BB-8 slowly rolled towards him and rubbed against his leg to comfort him. It was obvious that out of the two Poe was most worried. That day he told Ben not to leave the house for obvious reasons, but he did. And by the looks of it, he’d been gone all day. The kitchen was cleaned, so he hadn’t eaten, the living room was left the same as usual…the bed room…Poe was starting to get worried. He couldn’t think of a single reason as to why Ben would leave the house unless Poe told him to. He began to fear that maybe someone broke into the house, and took him (Ben had been injured due to the means of him coming to the resistance, so that was a possibility). But there were no signs of struggle, so Ben, literally just decided to leave by himself. Poe took a deep breath and brought his elbows to the table, where he rested his head in his hands. Maybe he was thinking too hard, and he needed to stay optimistic. But with Ben having so many enemies, and little reasons for leaving the house it was hard. Plus, Poe could feel there was something wrong. He didn’t have the force of course, but he felt something, something was off. Sighing Poe stood up and began to pace around. BB-8 stared at him in silence. “Am I wrong to be worried? He’s not supposed to be out BB, what if someone tries to…I don’t know, kidnap him?” A series of beeps followed and Poe simply rolled his eyes. “Okay, I know that sounds dumb, but you weren’t exactly coming up with an explanations.” BB-8 simply responded with a low beep. “It’s just…even if he was taking a walk, he’s been out for the whole day and it’s making me nervous.” Poe finally found himself sitting back down at the table. BB-8 followed up with another series of beeps and Poe nodded. “You’re right. I’m just over thinking things. If he’s not back in an hour then I’ll panic but for now, I’ll sit here. He probably wants to be alone, and we both know why. So we’ll give him time.” Yet while Poe finished his sentence, he couldn’t help but feel that this was one of the biggest mistake he’d ever made.