Prologue Rey looks down at him, notes the resemblance he bears fallen and splintered to her doll, the one she made herself with what useable scraps she could salvage. It is still sitting with her things back on Jakku. The thought sends a fierce ache through Rey, a longing that shivers through her bruised back and straining muscles. She imagines picking Kylo Ren up and positioning him like she would the doll. She’d make him sit like he was happy. None of that hunching, stomping, stabbing and oh, if that’s not another fissure ripping through her chest. She’s not going to think about Han. She’s not going to think about Finn. She's going to destroy the monster in front of her, she's going to live, and then she will find a way to carry on through these new wounds. She always does. Rey doesn’t know why Kylo Ren is so angry and vengeful, but she doesn’t think he has any right to be. He had a family and he abandoned them, not the other way around. She knows it is never that simple, tries to tell herself over and over like she told herself they were coming back for her, one day, back when the sands of Jakku painted her a new skin of dust and sweat by nightfall. There must be a reason he is this way, but Rey has always seen things in black and white, and she cannot stop now. She does not know how to juggle both light and shadow. Life or death, kill or be killed, eat or be eaten. Survival has no shades of grey. She’s been raised by extremes, and there have only ever been monsters or angels in the stories the occasional trader would tell her back when her speeder was too big and believing she was missed wasn't a struggle. The angels sometimes fall, but they are always monsters when they hit the ground. The stories never say what falling feels like, or if some of the angel ever remains. Kylo Ren does not look entirely like a monster. He looks broken, body and maybe mind as well. Rey could kill him easily if she wanted to, and boy does she ever want to. He killed Han, hurt (hurt, not killed, please not killed) Finn, one of the two people to ever come back for her. Kylo Ren himself was the other. Part of her had not expected him to hunt her down, to see her as a significant enough threat. Rey had not mattered to anyone for any reason, not until Chewie informed her what Finn had done and Ren loomed out at them in the snow-scape, a tree shadow come to terrible life to possess her for a second time. It is not the kind of significance she wants, the kind she dreamed about finding on her island when she’d scrubbed the dirt of the day from her skin and curled up to sleep in the hull of her old home, doll tucked under arm. Rey teeters, lightsaber raised. She must move quickly, strike him down, and run for her life. She knows this. Her lightsaber is still thrumming, casting Ren’s face in blue. It isn’t a good color for him. It highlights the bags under his eyes, the asymmetry of his features. He is not handsome. Not like Finn. Finn was radiant with caring, his sympathy for everyone he encountered shining from his face like star beams. He made her want to giggle and smile and do all things girls in stories did when they loved a kind, beautiful boy. Rey swings Luke Skywalker’s saber upwards, trembling from head to toe. She searches Kylo Ren’s face for hard edges, for flinty hatred and plots of vengeance. But he does not look at her how he looked at Han. His eyes, then churning with fire, are liquid now, bouncing back more moonlight than the snow. Maybe his lip trembles, but it could be her imagination. Her arms ache from holding the lightsaber aloft. The tidal wave of awareness that came when she’d closed her eyes and willed herself not to die is gone now. There is no Force. They are alone. “If you are going to kill me, do be quick about it,” Kylo Ren speaks. The tremor in his lip does not carry into his voice, velvet-soft without the ridiculous mask. “You deserve it,” she informs him. “Then do it." Rey thinks there may a strain of a plea in his voice. “You want me to,” she breathes, and powers off the lightsaber as she lowers it. Without its electric hum there is nothing protecting them from the sound of Starkiller Base crumbling around them. “You don’t deserve the favor.” The ground splinters into a grin behind her, sectioning Rey off from Finn and the rest of the forest. Rey throws herself downwards with a scream, covering her head and praying she doesn’t disappear into the cracks of the base. When the rumbling abates, she sits up, wishing desperately she hadn’t waited to run to Finn. But wishing has never done her much good, and she doubts it will now, so Rey pretends instead. She pretends that the choice she has unwittingly made doesn't matter, that it will make no difference. She kneels next to Ren, looking at her handy work so she can avoid thinking about what it means, being stuck with him at the end of this small world. If he had been handsome, and Rey isn’t sure he was, she has ruined his face. He stares back, barely managing to lift his head. Rey extends a finger and traces the wound, ignores his wince at the sting. Her fingertip comes away red. She can hardly believe a monster like him contains real human blood, so she puts it in her mouth and sucks. The taste is metallic and unmistakable. She hears a sharp intake of breath from Ren and manages a blush when she realizes how it looks, sucking his blood from her finger with undeniable curiosity. “Supreme Leader Snoke will have sent someone to retrieve me,” he informs her coolly. His pupils have eclipsed what color there is in his irises. “If you are still here when reinforcements arrive, you will be taken to him. He will torture you for information, and if you refuse to bend to his will and serve him, you will be killed, in ways too painful for your tiny scavenger brain to comprehend.” “Big words from someone on the brink of death at the hands of a scavenger,” Rey spits back. “I’m not at the brink of death,” he says, eyes blazing and bottomless. Rey leans back in shock, a spark igniting in her navel at the intensity of them. “Yes, you are. All I have to do is press a button.” She holds up the lightsaber again, hand trembling. Kylo Ren ignores the threat. “Does the value of your own life mean so little to you?” “Why should it? I’m only a scavenger. And I can think of worse fates than dying.” Rey doesn’t know if Ren hears the truth in her words, sees the hours spent on Jakku wondering what would happen if she fell and broke her neck, picked a fight with the wrong person, or cut herself on something unclean and contracted blood disease. She wonders if he can hear the unspoken answer to every scenario: did it really matter? She was alone. There was no one who would miss her except a family she had been waiting to return for so long, she had started to doubt their existence in the first place. “How can you miss them if you barely knew them?” Ren asks, confirming that even as he lies here at her knees he is capable of filing through her thoughts as though they are no more than leaves of paper. She is too tired to push him out. And there is a strange note of earnestness in his voice. He is not merely being antagonistic. He wants to know the answer. Rey doesn’t have one. She may have, once, but it has eluded her more and more with age, and now it is almost invisible. Too flimsy for the smallest words. “How can you not miss yours, after knowing them all your life?” she counters instead. His eyes are darker still. Rey’s pulse flutters noticeably in each wrist, newborn birds’ wings trying to take flight inside her. “I have my reasons.” “So do I.” The silence that follows this statement is almost companionable. Hardly aware of what she is doing, Rey removes one of his gloves and threads her hand in his. She is precarious, can feel through the Force the potential fatality of this crumbling happening around her. This small human contact is a comfort, and Rey has learned to never deny herself those when they do come along. She is surprised at the warmth and weight of Kylo Ren’s hand, of his involuntary twitch when her fingers tighten through his. Rey lifts it up to examine it, tracing the veins curiously, watching a muscle in his face spasm at the contact. Unable to stop herself, she cups the back and leans into his palm, unsure of what she is going to do. The space between her mouth and his skin is composed entirely steam. He shivers at every exhale, eyes shuttering. Rey presses her open mouth to his skin, thinking that if she tastes this proof that he is flesh and blood, she will finally believe it. The tip of her tongue darts out, and Ren jerks. His skin contains the barest trace of salt. “You are a savage,” he says, voice shaking. Rey cannot control her anxious hands from threading through his hair, fluttering against his throat, following the line of his scar again. He both flinches from and moves toward every one of her touches. “Yes,” Rey agrees. It doesn’t feel like an insult. She may be a savage, but she is also a survivor. “A scavenger.” It is all she has time to say before even the echoes of monumental collapse are drowned out by a starship. They look up at the same time, hoping for opposites. Rey is the one who gets her wish. Ren’s face is bone pale, strangely childlike in the florescent bask of the Resistance ship. “It looks like you’re about to come home,” Rey says. The Force is whispering again, spoon-feeding her his memories at a mile a minute. “Yes,” Ren sighs. He seems to realize there is no fighting this. “I hope you plan on apologizing to your mother,” Rey says curtly. The second the words are out she bursts into tears. The loss is finally too much. She has no strength left to resist the siren call of a good cry. “Yes,” repeats Ren, “perhaps that would be for the best.” ……………………………… Kylo Ren wakes up in a bed, and to his surprise, he is not bound. Keeping his eyes open is a struggle, but at least his face isn’t burning as fiercely. He touches it gingerly, and finds the ridge of a scar. He thinks his last memory is a starship landing, but it may have been his own blood pounding in his ears before he drifted into unconsciousness. The question is, if there was a ship, did it belong to his people or hers? Ren grimaces, and glances around the room. Poe Dameron is standing in the doorway, answering Ren’s unspoken question for him. His mouth is a tight line, but his eyes are softer. “Where is the girl?” Ren asks. It is the most important question. It has been since he first heard of her. “She is preparing to leave, to retrieve Master Skywalker. She should be departing in two hours.” “How long have I been out? Why am I not a prisoner?” “A long time,” Poe says, but isn’t more specific. “You aren’t bound because its been decided that you aren’t a threat.” Poe’s grimace is enough to know he wasn’t included in the decision. Ren almost says something menacing and important, like “that's your mistake”, but keeps his mouth shut. Why put on airs for Poe, who has seen through them all with infuriating ease since they were children ? Poe has always specialized in tearing his way through Ren’s masks. He is fearless to a stupid degree, and it allows him to push buttons most men wouldn’t dare. Even now, Ren has a grudging respect for foolhardiness that results in strength rather than weakness. “And FN-2187?” Poe’s eyes flash. “Finn is still healing. Rey and I have been with him every day. He's expected to make a full recovery.” Ren’s vision flashes red at the unbidden image of the girl clutching that traitor’s hand, weeping in prayer for him to heal and wake up so they can reunite properly. Poe smirks, having gotten his desired reaction. “And my mother?” “Ben,” Poe sighs, and his vengeful side fades that easily, replaced by a flicker of something that is probably sympathy. It has been so long since Ren has felt anything of the sort, he doesn’t know how to respond. Perhaps his father had pitied him on the bridge before his death, but Ren hadn’t felt it. Maybe he had just been blinded by purpose, or maybe his father’s words were emptier than he had realized. It doesn’t matter now. Han Solo is dead. He passed his test, and the Supreme Leader will be pleased when he does return. And if he returns with the girl… “Ben,” Poe says again. Ren doesn’t bother to correct him. It's only Poe, after all. “You’ve really made a mess of things.” He leaves without preamble. Ren is grateful for the silence. He needs it, to plan his escape. The girl comes by half an hour later. She hovers in the doorway, catlike eyes darting over the corners of the room. Ren’s gaze tracks the nervous swipe of her tongue over her bottom lip. His pulse speeds when she bites it, leaving it glistening and reddened. “How’s your face?” she asks. “Manageable,” he says, shrugging. He wants to rage at her, to draw comfort and strength from the hatred he feels for what she has done to him. After all, she should be nothing to him. A small blight on his trajectory to absolute power. But Rey sits in the chair by his bed, drawing her knees up against her chest until she is hugging her legs against her like a shield, and the anger fades again. It returns and subsides, a familiar pendulum always keeping him from his true potential. He almost wishes she had killed him. “I’m leaving to find Luke Skywalker in an hour,” she says, fingers curling at the edge of his bed. They are long and bony, the knuckles too prominent. She turns the hand over, and Ren cannot tear his eyes away from the river-green veins of her narrow wrist. He wants to tear them open with his teeth and watch her bleed like any other human, to be reassured that she originates from the same galaxy as him “I know,” he says. Even now with access to fresh water and new clothes, she looks like a scavenger. There is a smudge of dirt next to her right eye. This, Ren thinks, is the girl who has ruined everything for me. She cannot even wash her face properly. He almost laughs, remembers himself just in time. “Poe told me.” “I just—“ She stops, thought stuttering incomplete at the tip of her tongue. The bottom lip is nipped at again. It must be a nervous habit. “Is there anything you need from me?” She looks furious at herself for asking. Ren does need, too many things to name or justify. He needs to soak in her unbridled Force presence, to search her curious, magnetic face for a sign that she is no more powerful than he is, but mostly he just needs to see her, to memorize until each detail is closer to him than the Force itself. He watches her watch him over her knees. There is a smattering of freckles across the bridge of her nose, the inverse of a constellation. Her Force presence has a new bite to it, ephemeral but powerful. It sings of rage and fear and loneliness. Her lightness, by contrast, is almost unbearable. If she turned to the darkness as he had, she would be magnificent beyond compare. She would be a black hole, could harness the energy to swallow the galaxy in the space where her loyalty and trust and other foolish emotions once were. Ren would let himself get sucked in without a second thought. He would drown himself in it if it meant being close to her power. “No,” he lies easily. “I don’t need anything from you.” “I just wanted to let you know,” Rey begins. Her lashes lower over her eyes, heavy as a secret. “I didn’t let you live because I pity you. I didn’t kill you because I’d rather die myself than become a monster like you.” Ah, yes. Noble intentions, expressed boldly and without any understanding of the subtleties of the Force. If only she understood what she had. “If you think I’m a monster, why are you here?” She breathes. Ren feels the ghost of it on his cheek, wishes he were caught in the shy wind of it forever. “I’m starting to believe some monsters can be saved. Finn was programmed to be one, and he broke free of it. You can too, I think.” She looks dubious even as she says it, and Ren snorts. It is hardly a ringing endorsement of the goodness trapped inside him. At least she’s not lying like his father. “Why do you fight so hard to enslave yourself?” Rey says, stupidly passionate. She’s inched closer to the bed. Her proximity is alarming and Ren never wants it to end. “I heard what Han said on the bridge. I know there’s something in you that isn’t—this.” Before he can respond, she kisses him. Ren’s blanket of rage at the mention of his father is sucked immediately into the give of her velvet mouth and clicking teeth. It simmers, moving between them in electric pulses and Rey drinks it from him like she’s dying of thirst. She knows what it is to be tortured by wanting. Ren can tell by the clawing of her hand on his jaw. She’s afraid he’ll disappear if she does not hold on for dear life. His cock jumps against the ridge of her belly when she undulates downwards, kissing the line of his throat and biting. Ren is almost ashamed of the howl that escapes him, of the small supernovas dotting his vision. His hands scramble for purchase on her back with all the grace of an animal and Sith, there’s the feral line of her smile against his collar bone. She bites again, hard enough to draw blood, and licks the mark. Rey looks up, his blood trembling on her lower lip. Ren watches mutely as her hands meander upwards, one tracing his scar with childlike curiosity, one gripping his hand. She examines his fingers, sticks them in her mouth and sucks away the slight saltiness of them. Ren is sure she sucks some of the Force out too, as easily as if it were honey. She bites again, looking up at him with lazy, infinite eyes. Ren has never been so hard in his life. “You’re an animal,” he breathes, voice cracking. Rey grins wolfishly, shifting backwards. Ren cannot decide where to look. He tracks the indolent slide of her back desperately, scatters his vision over the coltish unfurling of her legs on either side of him. She hovers above him more brightly than a sun, pinning him with both of her arms, and Ren is on his back in the snow again, Rey advancing towards him in the path illuminated by his grandfather’s lightsaber. Her eyes and Force presence promise death, but Ren almost wants to kiss it welcome. “I know. I’m a scavenger and a savage. I’m unworthy of the great Kylo Ren,” she bites in his ear, smoke curling in her voice. Darkness is gathering around her in the Force, the negative space of a halo. Her hand moves to his pants and Ren loses the thought, eyes rolling back as he arches into her touch. It is the most complete ecstasy he has ever experienced. None of the satisfactions Snoke promised came close. He pushes aside layers of clothing and pulls her closer to him. His hand moves between her legs and circles, and he nearly comes when his fingers withdraw wet with the smell of her. He sticks them in his mouth, wanting nothing but her taste every day for the rest of his life, and sucks long after she is gone from his fingers. Rey moans low, sending him back to the edge. He should not be this eager, this clumsy. This is not the first time, not even close. But Rey has a way of making everything both new and a memory. Coming home and leaving again to train with Uncle Luke, but also to explore the galaxy, to see all the planets he can. Every moment he spends with her is a war and a renaissance. Ren is barely aware of anything but the glimmer of her face above him when she undoes his pants, positioning herself and sinking down in one smooth motion. The sound he makes is not human. Rey throws back her head and laughs, wildly and almost cruelly. His hands grip her hips with bruising intensity. She responds by winding her fingers through his hair to pull his head back, kissing him like she means to smother. In all things he has done and seen, Kylo Ren can never remember every inch of his conscience being so monopolized, not by Darkness or Light or even the Force. Rey has infiltrated every corner of his memory, finding secret places she has no right to, let alone insert herself inside. She is there when Supreme Leader Snoke urges him to cut off his own arm to better understand the power of pain like Darth Vader. The glow of her fingers staying his hand with all the gentleness of steel is as real as the Supreme Leader’s smoking, poisonous voice. She is kneeling next to the body of one of the Padawans he has slaughtered, disappointment curling in her down-swept neck. She is standing next to Uncle Luke, the secrets to the universe tucked in the corners of her smile. Her arm is extended towards him, and Ren would let her lead him to his death if it meant he could have the memory of her hand in his for a moment. She has saturated every part of him so deeply and carelessly, Ren cannot remember who is fucking whom. His train of thought goes off the rails, then flatlines. There is nothing but white noise and her name. ReyReyReyReyReyReyPleaseReyReyRey He realizes he is speaking out loud when she presses a finger against his lips and pulls his hair harder, the fluid motion of her hips breaking him in steady waves. “Give in, Ren,” Rey murmurs, “it’s too late for all your master’s promises and lies. Don’t be stupid. Give in.” He listens. He comes with a howl, a supernova of her forest eyes exploding through him. Dimly, he realizes she is laughing again. This time it is joyful and forgiving. Rey swings herself off the bed and rights her clothing silently, gaze arrogant and cool. Ren knows he is flushed from head to toe. He wants to beg her to stay, forever if she can, but he still has a few shreds of pride. “Will you be back?” he asks, fighting for command. It is the weakest mask yet. If there is power to be seized in whatever they have, it belongs to her now. She took hold of it as easily as she summoned the lightsaber that rightfully should have been his. Ren would be jealous if he didn’t find it so impressive. “Maybe. Eventually,” she says. Ren should kill her for making him miss her so much already. He needs to get out of here. But first, he needs to find a way to ensure his possession of her, so he can mold her until she gives in fully to the great anger he senses. Maybe this is what it means to be selfless, wanting to nurture rather than inhibit. She will be his student if it's the last thing he does. But first, Ren needs to find away back to the Supreme Leader. He cannot do this alone. Chapter 2 Notes: Screw me sideways with a lightsaber, your comments sure did make me happy. And I'm exhausted and hormonal and hot as the devil's balls because it's almost summer so that is a feat. But I'm chipper in spite of the onslaught of Insects and Sweatiness! Because of this dumb lil story! So many thanks to everyone who took the time to send kudos and comments and all that groovy stuff. anyhoo here is chapter 2 where I attempt to start a plot n' stuff. Not sure I know how to story properly since the ol' noggin runs mostly on angst and smut these days but I will make an Attempt Maybe tell me what you think and keep me fueled in spite of sweaty mosquito season please and thank you (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey has never been so happy as she is now, training to become a Jedi with Luke Skywalker. She wasn’t sure what she’d expected him to be. More like General Organa or Han Solo perhaps. Caring, but gruff, a bit jaded, professional to a fault in the case of General Organa. Rey had watched her struggle to contain herself after being informed her son had come home. She had settled for a curt nod that might have given an incorrect impression of indifference to a non-Force sensitive. Rey had felt her relief, but she had wondered briefly if it had been difficult, growing up with a mother so deeply devoted to her work. Kylo Ren did not deserve context, nor pity. Rey believes empathy is a fool’s emotion. Selfishness is a way of survival. She shakes the thought clear and moves on, focusing on Luke, who is sitting beside her with his eyes closed. Luke isn’t much like his sister. He empathizes deeply and freely, no matter the cost to himself. Rey both admires and resents his lack of self-preservation. Maybe freeing yourself of attachment to your own survival is the true path to being a Jedi. If that is the case, Rey is doomed. She cannot let go of what she is finally learning about herself, not when she has been her only companion all those hot, lonely years. As happy as Rey is here, surrounded by greenness and growth and the smell of sea salt in her hair when she wakes, she cannot rid herself of an ache in her chest when she thinks about Kylo Ren. When she meditates, her thoughts immediately drift to him, wondering if he’s apologized to General Organa, if he’s plotting his return to the First Order, if he is feeling any remorse at all for what he did to Han. Part of her still doubts he has feelings at all. He does. You felt them through the Force when you held him down and— Rey cannot finish the thought. Luke is beside her, radiating patience and understanding, and Rey is ashamed of herself. She is terribly guilty that her body misses Ren even as her mind rejects him. Her nerves are strung tight and singing of the stretch of him inside her, keeping her pink-cheeked and aching sweetly whenever her thoughts stray. They stray frequently, calling up memories of how his body responded to her single-minded and selfish use of him. “Give in Ren,” she had told him. Rey doesn’t know if it truly was him who conceded in the end. She doesn’t remember how the line between them had been drawn, or when exactly it had started wandering. She still doesn’t know what she was thinking. She had gone into it with noble intentions of ridding him of something, but at the end of the day it was she who used him, and she had not cared much about screwing the darkness out of him so long as she achieved her own completion. Whatever she had been trying to accomplish, Rey is sure it has not worked. She used to be better at staying hopeful, at waking up with the belief that today was the day things would get better. On Jakku she always trusted in the universe and its steady way of righting things gone askew. It was there when she was cheated out of enough food, when she thought her speeder would be safe while she turned her back to get water. When she believed with all her heart they would come back for her, someday. Rey is done with trusting. If there is an order to the way her universe plays things out, it is a cheating, deceitful one. Why should Kylo Ren get to return to his mother with little to no consequences, while she still doesn’t know if her family ever spares her a thought? Maybe they aren’t even alive. “I won’t tell you to let go of your resentment,” Luke Skywalker says quietly, so that his voice is almost carried away by the current of a breeze. He is old and gentle as the sea to Rey, filled with infinite knowledge of sunlight and white ocean rocks. He does not lie to her, not ever. “That’s what the old Jedi order would have advised, but I’ve found it’s never as simple as that. Their failure to accept feeling as a natural part of life was their downfall.” “What would you advise, Master?” “Rey, you don’t need to call me that,” Luke says. “I’ve seen the effects of that kind of power. It’s its own form of slavery. I know better than most what slavery can do to the best people. I never want you to feel like anything less than my equal.” “Mas—Luke,” she corrects, hesitating even though she knows he will not admonish her for asking. He may not know the answer, but he never blames her for the question. “Why did Kylo Ren turn to the Dark Side?” Luke sighs. His eyes and hair are colorless in the grey morning light. Rey waits with baited breath. “I still haven’t managed to answer that myself, at least not entirely. My sister and Han are good people, but they’ve never been the most outwardly affectionate, and I don’t think they expected to have a child who doubted their faith in him so constantly. Leia’s gotten better, but by the time she sent him to train with me a lot of damage was done. “The blame is on me. I didn’t know how to be a teacher. I’d only had two, and one of them died just days after beginning my training. I tried to follow what Yoda had done without taking into account that different students require different methods. I should have been warmer, less remote. Ben only felt like a failure when I taught him, though he was the brightest in the Force of any I’d seen until you.” “What do I do, then, to avoid turning like he did? I’m so—I have so much anger I don’t know what to do with it.” It is the best way Rey knows how to put it. She has no words for the creeping intoxication of single-minded purpose, of having the tools to exact revenge and waking every morning wondering if today is the day she caves. She doesn't know how to explain her body’s craving for the carnality of power, but she knows she wants to deal more wounds than she receives. The thought of Kylo Ren is already a promise of satisfaction, in more ways than one. Luke takes her hand. His peace with his decisions becomes hers, tightening between them as a white chord in the Force. “You must make peace with it somehow. I can’t tell you the way. If you are to know, you will.” It is at this moment, with Rey nestled deep in a cocoon of understanding, that a ship roars overhead. The chord between them snaps. Just like that, her belonging is foreign to her again, lost in the red light reflecting off the sea. Luke is tranquil as always. He looks at her with quiet acceptance, and Rey knows what he means to do. She realizes dimly that she is crying. “It has been a pleasure teaching you,” he says, not moving even as the First Order ship descends. “No matter what happens, I promise you will complete your training. We will find a way.” “No,” she whispers, weeping until she is sure she has produced her own private ocean. “I don’t want to complete it, not unless it’s with you.” He releases her hand. “The Force moves in mysterious ways. If I am meant to be your teacher, I will teach you. I promise. Now run, please. Get to the Falcon. They will come for me first.” Rey is not so sure. She knows Kylo Ren wishes to possess and mold her to his own dark purposes with a strength of will she thinks not even Luke can understand. There is no other way the First Order could have found them, not unless Ren betrayed them again. She hates herself for daring to hope. Not once, in her whole life, has it ever been justified. If he is on the ship, he is coming for her. It’s your own fault for being a fool. You need to give up your stupid dreams of the good in people and start taking care of yourself. Now run and don’t look back, you idiot. She will not deny Luke, who is kind and good and keeps his promises. Rey runs, heart splitting. She is almost at the Falcon when a warning comes through the Force. Rey throws herself behind a stone, trying to make herself one with it. There had only been a glimpse of the stormtroopers surrounding the Falcon, but it had been enough. She has not made her own lightsaber yet, and her lessons have not extended to proper combat even if she still had Luke’s. She defeated Ren on a fluke before. If he has turned his back on them again, the wound of Han’s death must have found a way to heal itself surely as his physical ones have knitted. He is stronger and darker. Rey can feel it as surely as she feels her own breath. Even her trusty staff has no chance against his kind of power. The man she knows to be General Hux is the first off the ship. She’s heard him referred to—rudely, but most certainly deserved—by Poe as “that soulless, ginger fuckwad.” There is no mistaking the hair, or the look on his face like he smells something bad. Rey’s hand twitches to her staff. She wishes she could kill him for all the lives he’s ended. The Force is an angry, empty hole inside her. She closes her eyes and hears a new promise. Maybe this vacancy will heal itself, if she rights some of the First Order’s wrongs with spilt blood. Shutting it out is harder than it should be. “Find Skywalker,” General Hux barks at the stormtroopers marching behind him, lip curling. “We are to take him alive at all costs. It should not be difficult to apprehend him, old and weak as he is.” “What of the girl?” “She will be accounted for, mark my words,” says the General. “Guard the ship. She must not escape.” Rey’s lungs refuse to release until they are out of sight. The silence is unbearable, even the stormtroopers are still and stoic as statues. It is hard to believe they are human, but she knows the truth better than anyone. Her heart aches at the thought of Finn, who looked at her like she was pure sunlight. If he knew how she really was, deep down, he’d never speak to her again. Her eyes stutter open at footsteps. There is nothing to defend herself with. Nothing but the Force, and how can it save her, when he has it too? Kylo Ren walks recklessly and inelegantly, and his saber is cruder than she remembered. But the ignited blade rebirths him, and his instability now carries a savage grace. She watches his back straighten, sees his face through the mask in her mind’s eye, only his mouth is open and her fingers are in his hair, exposing his throat. She is blushing, which is ridiculous, considering she is about to die. “Come out, scavenger. There is no hiding.” “I have a name,” Rey says. She steps out from behind the rock as opens herself to the Force, letting it saturate her until there is nothing left but the hum of it. She cannot remember if her eyes are opened or closed. They cannot see through the blind of sheer power, and Rey knows that if the universe is to give her chance, now is the second she must seize it. There is too much. It is like trying to hold a tidal wave in her hands. Rey feels nothing of the serene Force Luke told her of. This presence promises that if she opens herself up to yearning, if she lets it fill her until she is no longer ravenous, she may survive. There is nothing pure or noble to it. Rey gives in. She wants and wants and wants, and the crush of strength is so great, she struggles not to sink to her knees. Kylo Ren stops. “So much potential. And you would waste it all on petty promises of peace. It’s a lie. I can tell you from first hand experience.” She sends him crashing back into the side of the ship, once, twice, then a third time for good measure, just to be sure he is broken. He crumples, but limps to his feet. Rey realizes it is over. She has never moved something so large with the Force before, and her bones feel nonexistent. Rey closes her eyes. She doesn’t want Kylo Ren’s mask to be the last thing she sees. His face might have been acceptable. Never the mask. “Scavenger, you grow more impressive each time we meet,” he says, advancing towards her. It comes off as more of a threat than a compliment. “I have a name,” Rey says again, trying for defiance even though she accepts that there is no escape from this. “Rey,” Ren acknowledges. Her name on his lips sends something buzzing through her stomach. Rey tells herself firmly that it is hatred. He waves a hand in front of her face, and Rey’s last though is not again before she slips into unconsciousness, at his mercy for the second time in her life. This time will definitely be the last. She will hold onto this promise, let it be her light on whatever dark path he has planned for her. Rey has always been good at believing in promises, even when they are lying in pieces at her feet. ……………… The girl is not waking. Ren has only budged from her lodgings once, and that was to interrogate Luke Skywalker on the orders of the Supreme Leader. His uncle had been maddeningly serene about the whole thing, revealing nothing in a show of surprising strength. His shielding was legendary, and even electrocution had not made his tongue any looser. Of course, according to the stories, a little electrocution is hardly enough to sway a Skywalker. So Ren is with the girl in her holding cell, a tiny sterile space barely larger than a broom closet. She doesn’t even get to have her own ‘fresher, a fact Ren is sure she’ll object heartily to when she awakes. She is fitfully unconscious, twisting desperately away from the Force suppression collar she has been fitted with. It had been the Supreme Leader’s idea. Rey’s greatest gift of the Force is mind control, and they both know that is how she will try to escape again. Snoke wants to weaken her until she is pliable, let her power build up behind the dam of the collar until the pressure is intolerable. Ren has been Force-suppressed once in his life. It is not a memory he cherishes. He knows the girl is going to wake a second before it happens. She mewls, turns over, and cracks open her eyes, which are bloodshot and mutinous even through her drowsiness. Her hands immediately go to her neck and she scrambles madly at the collar, panic flashing in her golden throat. “Get it off, please, please, get it off, I can’t—this—“ Ren casually slips into her mind and feels her guilt at begging so soon, but stronger still is the agonizing discomfort of the collar. He knows the lack of the Force is like missing half your internal organs, a gaping hole that desperately needs filling without quite being able to pinpoint how to sate the itch of its absence. He almost pities her before he remembers that she is nothing to him. Especially now, with what makes her special gone. She’s just a dirty, lonely girl with poor manners and in ill-advised rebellious streak. There is nothing left to fascinate him, to draw him helplessly as moth to flame. The problem is, Ren still can’t stop watching her. Even without the power of the Force behind her, he can see the ways it has shaped her in every movement she makes. She writhes madly, looking for some way to loosen the collar. She scratches desperately underneath it until her whole neck is tallied red and blistering with her misery. Her eyes water, then dry, flickering dark and desperate as she howls and rages at him. Ren surprises himself by catching her wrists gently. His throat has shrunk to a pinhole. “Don’t—don’t hurt yourself,” he says. “It will come off soon. You can think of it as part of your training. The collar will allow a build-up of power. You will be stronger than ever when it’s removed.” He doesn’t know why he’s trying to comfort her, but Rey doesn’t much appreciate the effort. “I don’t want your training,” she spits, “I don’t want to be—this is—I’d rather be dead.” She is less eloquent in her hatred than before. The removal of the Force is showing her true, simple nature. She’s just a girl. A silly girl caught in matters far over her head. “No, you wouldn’t,” he says. “Don’t tell me what I do or don’t want,” she snarls. “I want to die. End this now. Take this off me, whatever it is.” “It is a Force suppression collar. The Supreme Leader did the same to me at the start of my training. Perhaps it will make you more grateful for the gifts you’ve been given.” “Grateful? Who the fuck are you to tell me to be grateful? You’ve known your parents your whole fucking life and you cast them aside like they’re garbage time and time again when all I’ve ever wanted was to be—was for mine to want me enough to come back for me—and you have the nerve to—“ “You need,” Ren begins, and she hushes abruptly when he moves into her space, tipping her chin back and examining her tight, furious features. He lets his fingers tighten around her wrist, moves his other hand to her throat. He lets her feel how close he is to this primary canal of air and blood, projects how easy it would be to tighten his hand and end her. Ren remembers too late that she cannot see the image without the Force, and realizes even later that he could not end her if letting her live meant his own death. But the girl needn’t know that. “--to learn control, if you are to survive here. The Supreme Leader will kill you if you don’t cooperate. The choice is yours, but I suggest, for your sake, coming to terms with the fact that your training is no longer in Skywalker’s weak hands.” “What have you done to him?” “He is a prisoner. He is safe, for now. His wellbeing depends largely on your manners, so it would be in your best interests for to wash behind your ears before meeting with the Supreme Leader. ” “And when will that be?” she says, not flinching away from his gaze. There is wildfire between them now where there had only be a spark. The spark had been debilitating enough. Ren doesn’t want to think about she could burn down now if she still had the Force on her side. “Soon.” He turns to leave. There is something about the girl, even when miserable, suppressed and utterly pathetic, that makes him question himself. Ren can’t spend too long in her presence before falling prey to the simple enjoyment of her heat and unapologetic wildness. She is unselfconscious in everything she does, and even without the Force, her rage is hypnotic poison. “Don’t hurt yourself,” he tells Rey again. “It will only make things worse. Trust me.” He expects her to succumb to anger again, to spit back all the reasons he’s given her not to trust him. But her face has softened even as her eyebrows furrow in bemusement. Her hair has become a flock of flyaways from all her thrashing around, and Ren has to physically restrain himself from reaching out to smooth back a wisp curling over her left eye. She does not deserve his tenderness. He doesn’t have any for her to deserve. Ren turns on heel and stomps out, barely managing to avoid looking back. Notes: I've seen some fics where Luke is a Crotchety Old Man and I'm sitting here thinking, this is Luke Wears-a-Poncho-with-Pride Skywalker, who thought shooting womp rats was comparable to blowing up a Death Star and believed in the good left in his dad when no once else would. Luke is a sweetheart like his mama before him and I wanted to portray him as such. Hope no one was looking for Jaded Cynical Luke 'cause that's just not who he is to me. I did not do a good job of editing this through my tears over the fact that it's a 100º here in the seventh layer of hell. Apologies! Hux is coming next chapter because I love Evil Gingers Who Are Also Cat People! No offense to real life gingers or cat people. I'm naturally both myself. Stay tuned and comment if you can! Notes: eeek I can't believe I am actually publishing something this is not good for my anxiety But gosh golly gee this ship is problematic and hot and I must do my duty as a trash collector Anyhoo thank you for reading and maybe tell me your thoughts to feed my fragile author ego. There will be more to come when I've better organized my filthy brain. Cheers!