“Are you okay?” Even with your face pressed down into the seat of your couch, you could hear the prick smiling through the words. The laptop on your lap was pulled away and placed on the coffee table in front of you. You groaned into the couch. “Why did I become a writer?” Oscar was laughing. He tugged at your arm, moving you over to him at the other side of the couch. “What’s wrong?” he lips curled into a smile against your temple. You waved your hands to your laptop. “Words! Words are wrong! They just won’t come out! Don’t even get me started on plot!” Leaning off of the couch, Oscar closed your laptop and pushed it into the middle of the coffee table. He tugged the blanket he had grabbed from your bedroom over the two of you. “Forget about it for tonight, mi reina ,” he said. Oscar grabbed the remote and turned up the volume on your TV. Some old episode of Criminal Minds was showing. “Stupid plot,” you grumbled as you settled into Oscar’s side. He giggled at you again, before throwing his arm around your shoulders. Your laptop was in full view on the coffee table. “It’s mocking me,” you frowned. Oscar rubbed your upper arm. “It’s cruel.” He was smiling again. You didn’t have to look at him to know when he was smiling. “I had to sit through you being a sad and melancholic actor when doing Thunderclap.” “That was hard work.” “Since when is running around like a lunatic for an hour classified as hard work ?” “I don’t know, you tell me: you do it every day.” “Oscar Isaac.” He looked back to the TV and turned up the volume. The episode you were watching was the start of a marathon over the season. You settled down into Oscar’s side and pulled the blanket up to your chest. “You’re an ass,” you mumbled. Without the screen’ light from your laptop, you realised how tired your eyes were. You were going to fall asleep sometime soon, but you didn’t care. You rested your head against Oscar’s shoulder. Your laptop was still staring at you from your coffee table, but you cuddled closer into Oscar’s side and fell asleep. The next time you both talked about your jobs was at an interview. Someone – you wanted to find out who, so you could kill them – wanted you and Oscar to do the interview together. Whether they knew about you both being a couple, who knows? They probably did. Tumblr was going to have a bloody field day. The interviewer, a woman from a well-known movie blog, kept you smiling throughout the whole thing. You had experienced it before. Whenever you had an interview with any of the other cast members, the interview focused more on them rather than you. It was alright, you guessed. You only created the damn thing. When you an Oscar started doing interviews together, you swore that you were taking years off of interviewers’ lives. They tried to interview Oscar – what was it like going into the project? What is it like on set? Normal and mundane questions from most interviewers you knew. Oscar always looked over to you and asked for you opinion. “The feeling on set is incredible, right (Y/N)?” “I first got into the project by reading (Y/N)’s books,” and then leaving you to discuss the plot. You adored him for it. You loved the looks on the interviewers’ faces just a bit more. This one, however, was going to start a war. “My last question,” the woman smiled at you both, “is actually one sent into us by some of your fans.” You smiled – readers were lovely people. They had so much insight into what you wrote and how you wrote it. “From Laura,” the interviewer read out, “what is more difficult: being an author or an actor?” “Actor,” “Author,” you both answered at the same time, followed by the two of your turning your heads to look at each other. The crew behind the equipment started laughing, including you and Oscar’s publicists. You tilted your head and raised an eyebrow at your boyfriend. “I’m sorry, Isaac, but when does getting paid to run around and pretend all that difficult?” “When is writing down words on a page and sending them to publishers?” “You’re playing with fire, darling.” Oscar shook his head. “Being an actor is more difficult – you have to put your head in other people’s heads. You have to become someone else entirely, and then leave them behind when the work is done.” “Sort of like being an author,” the interviewer smiled at you. “You have to get into a lot of people’s heads for a living.” You nudged Oscar’s arm. “Did you hear that? A lot of people’s heads. Not just the one.” You turned back to the interviewer. “What no one talks about in regards to being an author is how you need to be multiple people at once,” you clarified. Oscar turned to look at you. “With this series, I have a lot of characters in a lot of different scenarios, and trying to keep track of all of them is stressful.” You looked at Oscar. “You’re also creating the world and the characters. Actors get fleshed out characters handed to them on a silver platter. Where do you think it all came from?” Oscar shook his head and looked off to the other side of the room. “Are you in a mood now?” you said coyly. The interviewer wrapped it up, thanking you both for doing it in the first place. “I got a tweet from your brother,” you said when you both left the interview. It was a short car ride until you were home, but you had pulled out your phone to check your accounts. Oscar looked over to you. Writing is more difficult than acting @(Y/T/N). Ignore him, he knows nothing. “Betrayed by my own blood,” he mumbled. You smiled at him brightly. “Alright love,” you leaned against his side, “if it’s what you want to hear, your job is incredibly difficult. I don’t know how you do it.” “Now you’re being sarcastic.” “You love me when I’m sarcastic. It’s one of my best features – that and my bedroom eyes.” “Jesus Christ.” Notes: Drop by my tumblr to suggest anything! yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the I Wrote My Own Deliverance series