They’ve been back for about five minutes, and Kylo is already rummaging through the fridge. Hux sighs and hangs his coat up, sitting down at the kitchen table. “Are you actually looking for food, or-” “What?” Kylo turns around with a can of whipped cream in one black-nailed hand. “Never mind,” Hux says, frowning disapprovingly in Kylo’s direction. Seemingly unbothered by Hux’s glare, Kylo sprays a shot of whipped cream directly into his mouth. Hux taps his fingers against the table, watching Kylo grin through a mouthful of whipped cream while attempting to swallow it. “Can’t you control yourself?” Hux bursts out, standing up. This is the third can of whipped cream in- he thinks it must be a week, knows it’s probably been two months, but it’s too much anyway and he’s somehow irrationally angry over this. “You know what, Hux?” Kylo places the whipped cream back in the fridge without turning around and bumps the door closed with his hip. He leans back against it and crosses his legs. “Suck my cock.” Hux visibly shakes in place for a moment. Kylo raises an eyebrow, and he gets up too quickly, chair screeching on the tile floor as it slides away from the table. “Fine,” Hux says. He strides directly over to Kylo and starts unzipping his pants. “Wait, what the fuck?” Kylo says. Hux pauses, hand on his crotch, and looks up at him, cheeks flaming, still ridiculously upset over nothing. “You said-” “Yeah, I know what I said,” Kylo says, gaping at him. “I mean, if you want to-” “I do,” Hux says shortly, and drops to his knees on the cold floor. Kylo breathes out through his nose and places one hand on Hux’s head. Why the fuck not, right? Hux tugs Kylo’s pants down and starts sucking at his cock immediately, holding Kylo’s freckled thighs close to him. Kylo looks up at nothing, eyes fluttering closed, and grins absentmindedly to himself. Hux’s mouth is warm on Kylo’s skin; his tongue pressing against Kylo’s dick, lips soft as he mumbles vague angry words at Kylo. “I c-can’t hear you when you- fuck,” Kylo groans (mostly incoherently.) Hux pulls away for a second, panting, mouth dripping, and Kylo instantly regrets speaking- though it’s not a bad view, he thinks, moving his right hand down to cup Hux’s cheek. “I know,” Hux says simply, and Kylo shoves his face back into position because fuck, he needs this now, and just the pressure of Hux’s hands on Kylo’s thighs is enough to make him come, let alone what Hux is doing to his dick; licking it up and down, rubbing it, moaning against it on purpose like some kind of fucking- Hux looks up to meet Kylo’s eyes, and Kylo feels like he’s standing on the edge of a cliff, ready to throw himself over for Hux, for what he’s doing to him. He presses his eyes closed, leans back, takes one deep breath after another. Savors the feeling of Hux’s lips on his cock, the gentle wet feeling of Hux pulling his tongue all the way up the shaft to the head, under the head, around it, under it again- and Kylo bucks his hips hard against Hux, spilling into his mouth, letting go of a breath he’d held just a second too long. Hux swallows, wipes his mouth against Kylo’s leg just to spite him. Laughing, Kylo leans down and kisses Hux’s forehead. Wobbling slightly, Hux stands and kisses Kylo full on the lips, mostly because he can. Kylo bites at Hux’s lower lip, then pushes him away gently to grab a paper towel. Hux sniffs and crosses his arms, running his tongue over his lips gently. “Asshole,” Kylo mutters happily, wiping himself off. Hux frowns at him and heads into the living room to find a suitable distraction. “You’re welcome.” Notes: In all honesty, this was my first blowjob fic. I have no idea how to write these, and at some point I had five tabs open for research purposes. I even read a couple of kylux fics for reference. I went all the way for this. Please tell me it paid off. do not comment/interact with me if you are a r*ylo, please! it triggers me.