Last Kiss (Riyo/Ahsoka) Malachor was something Ahsoka knew she had to do, and she knew she would find the Sith Lord - Anakin - there. She knew there was a huge chance she wouldn't survive that meeting, which was why this conversation felt like a goodbye. It did for both of them, Ahsoka knew, as she looked at Riyo. "You're going today, aren't you?" She asked. Ahsoka nodded, not really knowing what to say - saying goodbye didn't seem right, but not saying it was like denying the possibility. "You know, every time you leave to be Fulcrum, I am aware it may be the last time we ever see each other, but this time..." Riyo sighed. Ahsoka understood what Riyo meant. They both had difficult roles within the fledging Rebellion. Both could end up captured or killed, the other not finding out about it until too late. But there was a finality in the air this time. Ahsoka hugged Riyo. "I'm sorry I have to go." "Don't be," she replied simply and Ahsoka found herself smiling. Even with everything, being with her wife always made her feel better. Ahsoka kissed Riyo - there wasn't time for anything else, not when she already put off Malachor for what felt too long - and lingered for a moment. "Go do your duty," Riyo said when their lips finally parted. "Of course." Chapter 2 : First Dance (Xion/Naminé) It was over, Xehanort had been defeated for real and things were finally at peace. Not only that, but Naminé was now her own person. And so were Xion and Roxas. Naminé had never dared to hope such thing would one day happen. Not after DiZ repeatedly telling her that Nobodies didn't really feel, didn't have a real existence or even deserved it. Even now, thinking about his words hurt, regardless of Sora proving him wrong. She now could have her own life, and looking at Xion, the girl who she had no choice but the erase. The girl she had to be the only one who didn't forget, she thought she really would have that. "Are you alright?" Xion asked, like Naminé hadn't been the one to tell her what would happen. The one to take away any hope Xion had had of running away with Roxas and Axel, finding peace. "Yeah, this is just... surreal," Naminé admitted quietly, looking at the party in the Disney Castle, Mickey and Minnie dancing, Sora, Riku and Kairi talking as if in their own world. She could have these kinds of relationship now. "Have you ever danced like that?" Xion asked again, not taking her eyes off the couples scattered across the dance floor, happy smiles, happy steps. "There wasn't a lot of happiness during my short time as Kairi's Nobody," it was a sad thing to say, but the truth nonetheless. "Me either, that wasn't really how the Organization worked, and besides Sora's memories I have never known anything else." A white room and the Organization, it was all the Puppet and the Witch ever got to know. "I think we should change that," Naminé said, a smile on her face. She didn't recognize the song playing, but she enjoyed its sound. Xion looked curiously at her. "Xion, would you care for a dance?" Xion smiled and extended her hand to Naminé. They weren't Sora or Kairi, they could make their own memories. Maybe together. Naminé decided then, as she took Xion's hand and let herself be led to the dance floor, that she quite liked the idea. Chapter 3 : Walking Together (Poe/Muran) "Poe, I don't really think this is a good idea," Poe heard Muran say behind him and even as he knew Muran couldn't change his mind he let Muran catch up with him. "Infighting isn't a good idea, especially coming from someone in your rank, this could get you in trouble." "I love the New Republic, and I love my job. But if someone calls out my Squadron for something and I let it stand it could cause other people to think they can get away with that, Muran. A flying competition isn't against the rules as long as no one gets hurt." Muran sighed, but kept walking alongside Poe as he went to speak with the leader of Lothcat Squadron. "Everyone knows you are an excellent flier, Poe. Karé said you were upset, but I didn't realize you were upset enough to basically want a duel," Muran tried to rationalize with Poe, making him realize Muran didn't know what this was really about. It made Poe wonder why Karé didn't tell him the entire thing. "Muran, Jeandi didn't call me out as a bad flier, he said that if I was actually an effectual leader, I wouldn't keep you on my Squad. And I will always stand up for my friends," Poe said with conviction, stopping his walk only when Muran grabbed his hand. "Your respect is enough, Poe, I don't need anyone else's, and you don't have to get involved in this. I don't want you to get involved in this." Poe sighed, but didn't move even after Muran let go of his hand. "You are an excellent squad mate, man," Poe said simply, bringing a rare smile to Muran's face. "See, this is the only thing I need you to do for me, Poe!" Chapter 4 : Waking Together (Finn/Rey) The first time Finn got to wake up to see Rey's face alongside his in his bed, it was actually a platonic sleepover. After heavy Force training with Luke for an entire afternoon, both Finn and Rey found themselves tired, and Rey decided to stay at Finn's room due to it being closer. That didn't stop Finn's heart from beating just a little faster when he first saw Rey's face oh so close to his. Realizing it was already close to lunch, Finn shook Rey slightly to wake her up. Rey's eyes flew open at the movement, before relaxing at seeing it was Finn and closing her eyes again. "Five more minutes," she grumbled and Finn smiled at how grumpy Rey was being. After changing his clothes, Finn tried again. This time, Rey's eyes stayed open and she slowly got up. "I will have to go to my room change clothes, won't I?" Finn nodded, a bit happy that Rey was getting used enough to sleep in that she could wake up without wondering if it was too late for something. He hadn't managed that yet, for a few seconds there was still fear of punishment on him. "I'll walk you to your room," Finn offered, not feeling very hungry when he had gone so much longer than that without food. Rey nodded, finally getting up from his bed and lacing their fingers together as they walked out, Rey still wearing the clothes she use for Force training, if wrinklier than usual. "Things have changed," Rey acknowledged, leading Finn down the hallway. They most certainly had. "I'd say they changed for the better." Rey grunted in agreement. FN-2187 never thought life could be like that. Finn was glad it was. Chapter 5 : Falling Asleep in the Other's Bed (Ketsu/Sabine) Ketsu had had a hard few days. Between being accused of betraying the Rebellion - when she had put her life in the line to help them more than once! - to accidentally telling Sabine of her feelings for her, she was exhausted. It didn't help that Captain Syndulla was so sorry for not being able to control the situation when Ketsu was a suspect to the point where Ketsu ended up hurt that she basically decided it was the crew's duty to make sure Ketsu recovered. Not being on her armor made Ketsu feel naked, like part of her just was suddenly not there. But she did understand why that was necessary as she recovered. After a few days of staying on Kanan's bunk - Syndulla had said something about Ezra and Kanan being out on some assignment, but Ketsu didn't really have the details - she finally got bored enough to wander around the ship. She had been on the Ghost before, yes, but never for time enough to admire its design. It was a beautiful ship, even if one that had clearly been fixed a lot over the years. She reached Sabine's bunk, trying to ignore how heavy her eyes felt. Sabine looked at her with concern. "I'm fine," Ketsu said before Sabine had time to ask the obvious question. Suddenly she wanted to lie down. Why had she gotten up in the first place? "Yeah, I don't think you are," Sabine stopped spraying her already colorful wall to help Ketsu into her bunk. "Ketsu, get some rest." Ketsu nodded, her eyes already closing. 'Are we okay?" Ketsu found herself asking, even with how tired she was. "Of course we are!" Sabine said strongly and Ketsu smiled a bit, drifting off to sleep, but not before hearing Sabine's next words. "I heard what you said, a few days ago. I do feel the same way, Ketsu. But you need to recover right now. Sleep." And so Ketsu slept. Chapter 6 : Falling Asleep in Each Other's Arms (Raven/Apple) There were things about your Happily Ever After that no one actually tells you. Apple grew up listening how after her Prince woke her up, everything would be alright. No one mentioned the fact that, even a month after the incident with the Evil Queen, a month after waking up, the bitter taste of the poisoned apple was still there. It wasn't bad during the day, school work, friends, dragon games, they were distracting. The lingering taste was a mere annoyance she didn't pay attention to. The nights didn't go like that. When it was dark and Raven was sleeping soundly in the other side of the room, Apple felt sick. She avoided sleeping, because when she did, it was like she was right back to the poisoned sleep. She didn't remember much, about the time asleep before Darling woke her up. But these dreams, they stayed with her. It was always some variation - the Evil Queen killing everyone she loved, or forcing Raven to do it, or her never waking up as a part of her knew her friends needed her. That night it wasn't different. When Apple was finally too tired to stop herself from sleeping, she saw the Evil Queen and Raven. The Raven she had seen in those terrifying moments in Wonderland. "Apple," the Raven in front of her had said her name before, but not like that. Apple knew as she opened her eyes to see Raven's concerned expression that it had been just another of these dreams. "Apple, are you alright?" "No," she answered quietly, flashes going through her mind, the apple bitter in her throat. "I need... can you keep talking to me?" Raven nodded and hugged Apple, falling alongside her in the bed. Apple was so tired, she couldn't quite make out everything Raven said, but her words made the poison less noticeable inside her. Apple fell asleep again, but even as she was once again faced with another nightmare, even though these couldn't just go away that simply. Knowing Raven had her back made it easier to handle, and Apple slept through the night for the first time in a month. "Thank you," Apple whispered to Raven's sleeping form when she woke up, staying on her friend's arms just a bit longer. It was always less bitter when Raven was near her. Chapter 7 : Too Late (Naminé/Xion) Naminé knows, deep down, that doesn't matter how many times she repeats the drawing, it won't change anything, that it's too late to save her. But she still tries. Her hands are shaking after a few similar drawings, Xion's features memorized as she continues drawing her, hoping to somehow do it enough times that it will leave anything of her behind after Roxas kills her. The moment he does it, she is able to realize it's happening. She stares at her latest drawing, and remembering Xion's name is harder, but as the pictures she already did fade away, as her name - what was her name? - faded away, Naminé kept trying. By the end of it, by the time DiZ shows up to tell her Riku captured Roxas, Naminé wonders why her hands hurt, why there are tears in her face. She knows she's forgotten something. She may not know what memories she lost, but she did. And right then, Naminé decides that she will remember someday, whatever was so important that she had apparently worked so hard to keep. Naminé looks at the only drawing left amidst all the blank papers in the desk, she and Roxas were there, together, but there was a missing part in the middle. A disconnected chain, forgotten but not lost. Chapter 8 : After All These Years (Aqua/Cinderella) Time passes differently in different worlds, Aqua knew that better than most after her time in the Realm of Darkness. It felt like a long walk, but not like the eleven years that had gone in-between. She remembered saying or at least thinking, in her adventures looking for Terra and Ventus, that she would come back and see the people she met again. There was a lot of difference in some of these worlds, mere months had gone by in Stitch's life, and he remembered her. For Snow White and her Prince, it was even less than that. For Hercules, however, there were eleven years. When she finally went to see Cinderella - and maybe she avoided that for longer than she should have - she found out it's been a year since the events where she met the woman. She found out a different situation there than she expected, too. Cinderella lives in the Castle now, but she and her Prince - at least Aqua had assumed so - weren't together. "I thought after everything, the two of you would be married by now." "Going to the ball was never about him, it was about me. And out of the people I got to meet back then, I'd say you're the most interesting one. I always hoped I'd get to see you again," Cinderella said calmly, a smile in her lips. Aqua would be lying if she said that smile was anything but the most beautiful she ever saw. Chapter 9 : Maybe One Day (Apple/Darling) It took a few days before someone actually told Apple who had kissed her. She had assumed it was Daring - because who else could it be? - and even if knowing he woke her up didn't bring any of the feelings she felt it should have, she had accepted that he was her destined years before. So when Briar finally told her it had been Daring's sister, Apple wasn't sure how to react. She was used to Daring, he was safe and while she never had feelings for him, she had time to accept that were her Destiny to come to pass, she would marry him. Now, it was like everything she believed took a different turn. Again. "Did you ever plan on telling me?" Apple found herself asking Darling, later that day. And from the way the girl winced, she knew what Apple was referring to. "I thought it might be too much of a shock for you to take so soon after a cursed coma," Darling explained, a regretful tone to her voice. Apple's anger left her, the explanation better than she had heard all day. "I have no idea how to deal with it right now, so you might have a point there." "I don't think you need to, deal with what you want to do about it right now, I mean," Darling had an understanding look on her face, and for the first time Apple truly felt at ease with the situation. She wasn't sure her Destiny would come to pass, maybe she didn't even want it anymore. But maybe one day, she could look at Darling the way her parents looked at each other. Like this was what Destiny wanted, and that in this case it was right for everyone. Darling's smile made Apple think she felt the same way. They had time. Chapter 10 : Eyes Closed (Finn/Poe) Finn couldn't remember much of his coma - there were some lingering feelings, like knowing Rey had been there before leaving to find Luke Skywalker, or Poe visiting from time to time. Looking at Poe's calm expression, unchanged in the past two days, Finn wondered if he was more aware than Finn had been. They went on a mission together, Finn taking the guns in a stolen TIE Fighter they flew together to avoid detection from the First Order. But they crash landed when returning to the base, the TIE barely staying up by that point. When Finn came to in the med bay, Poe was lying in the bed next to his. Two days later, Finn was finally discharged, but Poe's eyed remained closed. 'Wake up,' Finn thought, Rey still wasn't back and while he was in friendly terms with the rest of the base, Poe was the one there he cared the most about. Poe's eyes didn't magically open just because Finn wished them to, but he could have sworn there was a small movement in the hands Finn was grasping. That had to be enough for now. And Poe was strong, he'd wake soon. Finn was sure of it. Chapter 11 : Waiting (Sora/Riku/Kairi) Kairi waited for a long time, for so many things. Most importantly, she spent so long waiting for Sora and Riku to return - even when she couldn't remember Sora she was still waiting for him to come back, and for her memories of him to come back. Even after getting a Keyblade, she still had to wait as Riku and Sora went to take a Mark of Mastery she was fat from having enough experience for. But as she sparred with Riku, Sora goofing around with Lea somewhere close to them, Kairi realized she didn't have to wait anymore. For anything. And maybe that was why when their training was finished, Lea retreating as he usually did, she sat close to Riku and Sora and reached for the backpack she brought with her from Destiny Islands. From it, she took a Paopu Fruit. Sora and Riku looked at her with interest, and she smiled at them. "I figure our destinies are already intertwined, right? The three of us, we will never be apart again. I thought we should share one, a physical way to show our connection!" Kairi grinned at her boys and they grinned back. As they cut the fruit in three parts and ate together, Kairi could say that there would be no more waiting, no more being left behind. They'd be together forever, be it in the battlefield or otherwise.