The day was unusually hot and humid for D'Qar, the air thick and hard to breathe, and as Rey finished up her practice for the day, she was dripping with sweat. She'd quickly shed layers, her vest and arm wraps and even shoes in a pile nearby, but her shirt and shorts were uncomfortably plastered to her. She was even having a hard time keeping a hold of her staff, her damp palms making her grip slippery. After it flew out of her hand for the second time, she gave up with a sigh. Late for their sparring session, Finn found her a few minutes later lying in the grass under the shade of some trees, finishing off her canteen. “Change of plans,” She said with a tired smile. He sat down beside her, but even in the shade the oppressive weather wasn't much better. Finn hadn't seen her without her arm wraps, and that was when he noticed the scar on her forearm. He reached over and grabbed her arm, inspecting the raised line closer. The sight of it made his blood boil and his own scars itch—there was only one way she had acquired them, only one person who would have inflicted them on her. Rey wasn't ashamed of them or angry about them. In fact, she’d pulled the bacta patches off early on each one with the intention of them not healing perfectly. Each one stood for someone Kylo Ren had taken from her small family. Each one stood for a fight she had walked away from. Each one stood for a promise of next time . “They're fine, Finn, really. It's how I carry them with me. “ she said softly. Finn nods in understanding. He does not have a physical reminder, but the image of Slip’s blood on his stark-white bucket will always be in the back of his mind. The flat, irregular shaped one on her hand was for a hero of the Republic. A husband that would never come home again. A father who had been imperfect but still tried. A life debt passed on. She didn't tell Finn, but the one on her forearm was for him. For the first friend she'd made and thought she'd lost. For a man brave enough to shed a lifetime of indoctrinated evil and escape. Daring, and a little crazy. For someone who had untold adventures ahead of him and unlimited potential. A captive who had gained freedom. Finn produces an apple from his pocket and makes quick work of splitting it with the small knife he's started to carry on his belt. He tosses the extra half to Rey and they eat in companionable silence. When she's done, she hauls herself up with a grunt and offers her hand to pull him up. “C’mon, it's disgusting out here. Tomorrow we should practice at sunset or sunrise.” They head inside and split up, Finn heading for the shooting range and Rey heading for a much-needed shower. Turning the water off and toweling dry, Rey glances at the scars before re-wrapping her arms. She could go without them but they had become habit, and they kept her from getting dirty or more scratched up when working on mechanics. She slid a clean dry tunic over her head and let it drop around her, covering the small scar across her ribs. It still burned sometimes when her fingers ghosted over it in the still silence of sleepless nights. That scar she did not talk about to anyone. That one was for a lost boy with dark eyes and wild hair left broken in the snow. A monster whose loneliness had opened up before her like the chasm on Starkiller when she’d touched his mind. A son lured under the pretense of home by those who would use him for what was both a gift and a curse. A boy with her own promise of next time branded across his face. Notes: Drabble written on my phone, un-beta'd so all mistakes are mine. Let me know what you think-I'm not sure of this one?