Capture A Smuggling Ship, Heading Through the Mirrin Sector “Sir.” Ren turned, coming face to face with Nattu Ren, wondering what could be going on. “Sir, we are approaching the Mirrin sector.” Kylo Ren tried to resist from visibly groaning. Here they were, disguised as a smuggling ship on their way to meet with Kanjiklub to ‘discuss’ obtaining supplies, and now they were about to run into the Rapier Squadron. “I want everything ready to fire. And be ready to do so. As soon as something moves, you shoot it, do you understand me? The Rapier Squadron is only four members it shouldn’t be this difficult to get past them.” Nattu Ren nodded, turning and instructing the mercenaries aboard accordingly. The Knights of Ren were out of almost everything, except money. They could hire enough help to get them to where they needed to go, and right now they needed to contact every smuggling group they knew of for supplies. They needed to be ready. Just because Lord Snoke was involved with the Knights of Ren and had even hand-trained some of them himself, did not mean they did not necessarily work for the First Order with which he was so preciously affiliated. And, now Snoke seemed to be changing his mind. The Knights had all agreed long ago that they wanted no part in this battle against the Resistance. They were in charge of destroying the Jedi, not the supporters of the Jedi. They were two separate tasks, for two separate groups, damn it. Kylo began to get angry once again bringing these thoughts back up. So he and Nattu were headed to meet with Kanjiklub, and other Knights of Ren were meeting with other smuggling groups to obtain supplies for when the First Order undoubtedly tried to coerce them into cooperation by force. Kylo felt the first hit. The Rapier Squadron struck quick and they were sly. The first thing they hit was their main weapon systems. They couldn't fight back. Nattu informed Kylo that they would have to stop very discreetly on Mirrin Prime for repairs: they couldn't show up at Kanjiklub's doorstep with no weapons, it was suicide. Mirrin Prime, A Starship Repair Garage "It'll only take a few hours: we have all the parts here." Before the starship mechanic finished speaking most of the hired mercenaries were out the door. It might have been their ship but just because they're getting paid to go this way doesn't mean they have to hang around during repairs. One was slower than the rest and was ordered to stay behind and wait. Nattu and Kylo walked out, feeling the sun burning on their backs immediately. Kylo was jittery walking out in the open without his mask on. The problem is that Mirrin Prime is heavily affiliated with the Republic and the Resistance. That's why the Rapier Squadron protected them. That was also why it was crucial that the crew was not found out to have two Knights of Ren. They were smugglers, nothing more. The light-colored clothing was strange to Kylo— it reminded him of his days when he was young and in training to be a Jedi. In fact, he had even been to Mirrin Prime during his training. The flashbacks were too intense. Kylo barely noticed as they entered a tavern. He was blindly following Nattu. He could practically see his uncle walking in front of him yelling 'keep up, Ben', 'do this, Ben', 'get R2 over here, Ben', 'hurry up, Ben' "...Ben...Ben....Ben..." Kylo muttered subconsciously under his breath. Nattu sat down and Kylo followed, sitting next to him. His moves were mechanic. He couldn't stop thinking about his Jedi training. He remembered sitting on the windiest spots of whatever planet they were on and being told to meditate. He remembered how frustrated he would get. How he would sit there for hours barely able to keep himself from screaming, let alone being able to meditate. He would look over at his uncle Luke, watch him as he sat, breathing steady, moving less than the droids. How Luke would say his name in that tone that meant, try again. "...Ben...Ben..." He remembered the cold on Hoth. The ice crystals that would form on his skin from sweat during combat practice-- how their hands would be red-raw and cut by the sticks they were using, their gloves full of holes. He could feel hitting his ribs against the ground, see the purple bruises on his skin, hear his name being yelled during sparring. "...Ben...Ben...Ben..." The flashbacks were almost too heavy. He stopped. His lips froze, shut. Meditated. His breathing calmed and his mind cleared. His eyes were open but no important thoughts were produced from the things he was seeing. Only the Force flooded his senses. He could feel it all over, connecting each person, each object. Calm was carried to him through the Force. "Ben!" The name once more shook him out of his own head. But it wasn't him who said it. Kylo froze, staring ahead of him, refusing to even look in the direction of whoever could have recognized him. "Ben Solo? Ben, is that you?" Still not moving, Kylo could see Nattu next to him, straightening, uneasy. Kylo focused, waiting to place the voice as it spoke again. "It is! That's Ben Solo!" It was his childhood best friend. He knew the voice immediately; he would know it anywhere, no matter how age changed it. Kylo's head turned towards the door. Standing in the doorway were four orange colored pilots. Kylo's jaw almost dropped when he realized that Poe Dameron was part of the Rapier Squadron. With a beaming face, the pilot made his way over to him, the other three members of the Rapier Squadron ordering drinks. "What's up with you, Solo? What are you up to these days?" Poe was glowing. His helmet was calmly balancing between his wrist and thigh. He had definitely made a name for himself since they were kids. Kylo cleared his throat lightly, staying with the ruse. "Smuggling," he answered, giving no further elaboration, but Poe didn't get the vibes Kylo was putting off that he didn't want to talk. "Ah, like father like son, huh?" Poe glanced over his shoulder because of something shouted at him, luckily missing the flinch that raged across Kylo's face with the mention of his father. The conversation continued in a rather grueling pace, introducing Nattu as Aryan considering Nattu Ren wasn't the best name to be going by, which is why Kylo didn't correct Poe. The pilot hung around with them for a while until his friends decided to leave. He wandered away to say goodbye, and Nattu leaned over to Kylo. "We could use him, you know, Sir," Nattu said quietly. "What do you mean?" Kylo shot him a sharp glance. "He's an amazing pilot and he obviously knows how to attack ships that should easily win against him in combat. If we're going against the First Order, those are the kind of tactics that would really benefit us. We can't just stay on defense." Kylo was quiet a moment, considering what Nattu had said. It was true, it was very true: they could definitely benefit from the help of the Commander of the Rapier Squadron. "Alright," Kylo relented. "But how do we get him out of here? If he knows that we're not smugglers, he won't leave with us. As soon as he sees the mercenaries he will know. Right now he just thinks we're pilot and copilot." "We have to get him out of here now. A ruse would work. Something about our ship, maybe." "The inside of that ship does not look like a smuggling ship, Nattu." Kylo looked at him like that was common sense. "Poe would know that; he and I were on my..." He swallowed hard, preparing himself for the word. "...my father's ship, all the time as children." "Sir, with all do respect, we only need to get him out of this building. It's deserted outside. If we watch to see that no one's left recently..." Nattu trailed off, not needing to finish his sentence. Kylo nodded during the silence. "He's unarmed," Nattu said, sealing their plan as Poe walked back over, his friends already out the door. "Listen, guys," Poe began talking before he was close enough to, obviously starting to feel how much he had had to drink. "Again, really sorry about shooting you guys down back there. I mean, that's what we do. Ask questions later, ya know? They either keep going without weapons systems or stop here for repairs. It's actually a pretty great situation." "Yeah, yeah, we understand," Nattu said. "Hey, do you wanna come get a better look at our ship so you don't shoot us on the way back?" Kylo had to give it to Nattu, it was a fairly logical question, and it got the three of them walking out of the building together. Poe walked in front of Nattu and Kylo. As soon as the door shut behind them, both Knights of Ren pulled out their lightsabers, turning them on. The sound caused Poe to turn around. Obviously confused he asked, "Why do you guys have red lightsabers? Those are for Sith..." Kylo and Nattu looked at him expectantly, waiting for the realization that he was being scammed to kick in. "But, Ben, you were training for--" "My name is Kylo Ren." He drew every word out slowly, making sure Poe got the picture. "This is Nattu Ren. You're coming with us." A Smuggling Ship, In the Mirrin Sector Kylo Ren stood in front of Commander Poe Dameron, now prisoner on the disguised smuggling ship, consulting with Nattu. Once Kylo's point was made clear, the other knight nodded and walked to the pilot. "Ben," Poe whispered. Kylo ignored him. "Ben!" He whisper-yelled. "Alright. Fine. What did you say your name was now? Ly-something?" "Kylo. Kylo Ren." He refused to turn and look at Poe yet. "Ren? Ugh, nooo. The Knights of Ren? How could you get involved with such bad guys? That's not a good crowd. Isn't that run by that one guy who also runs the First Order? Your mother is the general of the Resistance! How could you be working for the First Order?" Poe finally finished speaking, leaving his questions heavy in the air. "Lord Snoke does not control the Knights of Ren. I am the leader of the Knights of Ren." Kylo slowly turned around, looking Poe in the eyes. "We do not work for the First Order. However, we suspect that Lord Snoke will soon attempt to force us to join the First Order. That is why we are meeting with smuggling groups to obtain weapons." He paused, and Poe swooped in with another question. "So why did you kidnap me?" Kylo considered ignoring this question altogether at this point, but Nattu shot him a look from behind Poe. "You are an extraordinary pilot. You will help us fight the First Order." Poe sat silent for a moment, considering what he heard and what his response would be. "Alright, I mean the enemy of my enemy is my friend, right? I'll help you and I'll do the best I can, but only if you promise to let me go afterwards." It was a risky deal— Poe knew that he would be helping an organization that he was against, but he was more against the First Order. It also seemed to be the only solid plan he could come up with to get out. Knights of Ren Temporary Battle Station Weeks later, the Knights of Ren had all met up in First Order-allied space, knowing they could be ambushed at any point. "Nattu, take Kruk and Skakkard over here with five of them." Kylo pointed to a point in space with one hand and motioned to the hired soldiers. "Most likely they will come through this way—" he motioned to a strip of space between two planets that he didn't care enough to label. “— and in that case, you three will comprise our first line of defense." He looked around the group of compiled Knights and mercenaries, as well as Commander Poe Dameron, still in his orange pilot suit. "Commander, you and your predesignated team will be main offense. Nyhl, your team will be Commander Dameron's back-up. Anything he needs of you is all you are required to do. Unnu, Mhirn, Himrec-- you will remain on board. Under no circumstances are you to surrender this ship. Do you understand?" The three Knights nodded. "Alryn, you're in charge of the teams covering these four sides of the ship. Deashed, I want double lines on that last side, yes?" "Yes, sir," Deashed nodded. "Zusnak, Dakro and I will take the rest of the mercenaries as the last line of defense closest to the ship. Does everyone know where they're going?" There was a round of nods as well as mumbled 'yes, sirs'. Kylo nodded. "Then everyone get in place." Nattu, Kruk, and Skakkard had been waiting in their place for around ten minutes when the first attack came. But, none of them were hit like expected. Instead, the First Order attacked the weakest side. Alryn was yelling loudly across the coms, asking for help from anyone. Deashed was the closest and had the second largest force, but Kylo wasn't ready to send that in yet. "Alryn, I want you and everyone under your command to back up. Come back towards the ship, toward Dakro." "Kylo, are you insane?" Himrec's voice came through scratchy across the coms. "We want to draw them away from the ship not towards it. What are you doing?" "Mhirn, shut him up please," Zusnak responded, letting Kylo concentrate on his own problems. "Alryn, get them back here. Everyone else, stay where you are," Kylo ordered. Meanwhile, Poe and his fighters were hidden by the main ship. Kylo wanted to keep them hidden until the moment of attack. Well, if he was being honest, that was Poe's plan. The only problem was that there wasn't any other cover where they were. Himrec was still panicking, Kylo could hear Mhirn and Unnu struggling with him over the coms. He had been the only one who didn't think they would be able to stay detached from the First Order and should simply surrender. Kylo could now see the TIE-fighters coming towards them and Alryn's coms were cut off in the middle of a sentence. He was captured. Every one of the mercenaries that were in his force were dead. In front of him, he could see Zusnak and Dakro picking off TIE-fighters as they came forward. Any that got too close, Kylo shot. Just as he was about to send in Poe, Kruk was hit on the other side. Nattu and Skakkrad were yelling for help and Deashed abandoned his post to personally aid them, leaving his forces behind. The three on the other side were doing the same thing as Kylo. Before the situation could get even worse, Kylo said over the coms that he wanted Poe in. "Kylo Ren, with all respect, sir. I don't think we can do much if you send us in now," came the response from the Commander. "Then what is your suggestion, Commander?" Kylo snapped, getting angry and frustrated. "I think you should send Nyhl and his team, Deashead, and you three over to Nattu. Guard that side heavily. If you leave this side open, it would be logical to attack from there and when they get close enough, we'll hit 'em." Kylo considered it, unsure of which plan he wanted to go with— Poe's sounded fairly solid, but also risky. If Poe doesn't do enough, they're gone for sure. As Dakro's ship swooped down to avoid being hit, Kylo decided on a compromise. "Alright, Nyhl, Poe. Stay where you are. Deashed, get your entire team to Nattu. Zusnak, Dakro, we're going as well." With that, he turned around, heading under the ship to come up behind Skakkard. Kylo wasn't paying attention to when Poe sent Nyhl's team out, or when Poe went out himself. He didn't count how many fell around him, how many small starships exploded. It wasn't until his ship's controls were taken over that he was brought back to reality. The coms were down. He looked around him and saw few ships being drawn backwards alongside him. Reaching below him, Kylo picked up a blaster, tucking it inside his robes. His lightsaber he left on the outside, tucked in his belt where it should be. They would confiscate it and he didn't know when he would get it back. As he was drawn back onto the other side of the Knight's main ship, he saw it surrounded by small TIE-fighters. They weren't firing, but they weren't invading the ship either, which meant that Himrec, Unnu, and Mhirn were still fighting. Kylo's own words echoed in his head as he wished the coms were on so he could tell them to just give up. ' Under no circumstances are you to surrender this ship.' Himrec was right. None of them had wanted to believe it, but they had known it all along. You can't defeat the First Order. That was the entire point. If the Knights of Ren could take the First Order, that would mean that The Resistance could as well. As his starfighter was being drawn inside a large First Order ship, he decided a different method: carefully and quickly he took the broken crystal out of his lightsaber, placing them carefully in an inside pocket in his robes, before replacing the useless metal stick back in his belt. He wanted to tell all the other Knights to do the same, but using the Force to do so would be easily intercepted if anyone on board the First Order ship was strong enough, so he decided against it. Then, darkness closed around his ship. The Knights of Ren were officially captured. As for Himrec, Unu, and Mhrin…they were going to die. At this point, Kylo didn’t know what was going to happen to the rest of them— what Snoke was going to do. Kylo inhaled deeply and exhaled slowly. He had to be prepared for anything when he set foot on that ship. One thing he did know: he would never take an order from any part of the First Order that was not Lord Snoke. Chapter 2 : SS Gauntlet Summary: Captured and betrayed. There is a lot of anger. Notes: --tw for gore-- begins at "You are a traitor and a liar.", ends at "Alryn visibly shook." (see end notes for summary without any gore) Headcanons include: --Kylo Ren is super smart (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) A First Order Vessel, SS Gauntlet Kylo was escorted off of his ship by stormtroopers and marched into a room where the survivors from the battle were congregating. Alryn was already in the room when Kylo arrived and Zusnak arrived with Kylo. As the rest of the Knights streamed in, Kylo realized that Alryn wasn't surrounded by stormtroopers like the rest of them were-- he also had no Force cuffs. All Knights were disarmed and ordered to remove their masks. As soon as Kylo's came off, Alryn could feel his glare. "Mutiny," Kylo muttered as airlocks could be heard dislodging across the room. "What was that, Kylo?" Alryn asked him, a deadly look on his face. He walked close to Kylo, standing inches from his face. Kylo felt like spitting on him. It was one thing to be against their plan of going against the First Order, but it was another thing to lie. At least Himrec was honest about his opinions. And to an extent he was right: he's dead now. "You are a traitor and a liar." Every head in the room turned as Deashed spoke. Inwardly, Kylo cursed himself. Deashed was a good soldier, one of the best at battle tactics that Kylo had observed. Now, he was going to die. Even before the battle, if Kylo were to make a list of which Knights he wouldn't mind losing, Himrec would be first on the list and Alryn would come second. He was old, stubborn, and quiet. In contrast, Deashed was his third best soldier: Nattu, Zusnak, and then Deashed. As the rest of the surviving Knights watched, their traitor decided to make an example of Deashed. Kylo almost couldn't watch-- Deashed deserved a soldier's death. In battle, in command, a valiant death. Alryn wanted to make it painful for Deashed. As the entire room listened, they could hear the air being forced from his lungs, could hear the wet gasps as his lungs began to fill with blood. It was the death given to traitors: drown them in their own blood, with no exterior wounds. Dying as cause of your wounds was too close to the honorable death of a warrior. This was a slow process in which, like being waterboarded, the lungs would fill slightly as Deashed breathed in. The worst part is that it's mostly self-inflicted. Each breath was a struggle for survival that was also killing. None wanted to watch as Deashed was reduced to this. It was Alryn who deserved this. They were all forced to pay close attention. "Remember that you will die this way if you ever attempt to desert from the First Order." Deashed was struggling with the reflex to breathe. In times like these, one usually would feel the Force all around them, be able to be at peace during death. But oxygen deprivation wasn't the only thing strangling him. Then he did the most remarkable thing that anyone had ever seen. Deashed breathed in deeply, as deep as he could. They all knew that his lungs were filling and not a single person could understand why. He exhaled slowly, preparing himself for the death that would come with his next breath. Once more he inhaled, showing the greatest strength in his agony. With the last breath he had he spoke his last word: "Traitor." It was incredibly difficult to make out the word; he could barely speak past the blood that had filled his lungs and esophagus and was now into his mouth. After that he refused to breathe. Logically he knew that it wouldn't do any good, but instinctively he wanted to inhale. He held his breath until he passed out, crumpling to the ground. His unconscious body forced him to breathe once again and the room listened, the only sound being the gurgling as the blood bubbled as Deashed's body tried to breathe. Eventually the struggling stopped. Alryn visibly shook. "You should all be happy you have those Force cuffs on and weren't able to feel that." Even without the Force Kylo could feel it coming. He felt like clamping his hand around the kid's mouth to stop him, but there wasn't a thing he could do. "Only a coward would shy away from death. You should take pride in feeling the death of such a great warrior." Kylo glanced over at Nyhl, wanting to cringe. Nyhl was the newest member of the group. He had only been a Knight for a matter of months, but that had no effect on where his alliances stood. He was fiercely loyal. It was Kruk who had found Nyhl. He was a mercenary, worker for hire; he would do whatever was needed as long as he would get payed. Kruk had contracted him to help with a replacement of some starship parts. Nyhl had gotten him everything he needed with the little money that he was given. Turns out his skills of misdirection were actually Force manipulation. Even without training, he knew what he was doing. So, Kruk had brought him back with him. His training had progressed quickly with Skakkard teaching him. It was just mere weeks ago that Nyhl had faced the rest of the Knights in a battle to assess his lightsaber skills. He almost defeated Deashed. They called a draw with Zusnak. Of course, Nattu and Kylo were above him in terms of skills, but he had proved himself. Nyhl was on track to be a great warrior. His greatest and worst trait were the same: his loyalty. He was stubborn enough to never change his views, but stubborn enough to never leave anyone he felt close to. Deashed had given him advice once. Nyhl never forget it and showed him great respect ever since. Alryn and Skakkard were his partners-- the three of them had taken Nyhl along everywhere with them, and he had lost them both. Now to Nyhl, Alryn wasn't just a traitor. Everything that had ever occurred between them was a lie. Nyhl would never forget that. It was clear from the look on his face that he was ready to kill Alryn with his bare hands and would if he were ever given the chance. Alryn looked at the kid with a look close to pity. "A great warrior? You think Deashed was a great warrior? He didn't even begin to fight back during that death. A true warrior would wish to live another day." Nyhl looked like he was about to lunge, but he only leaned forward against the stormtroopers' arms. "A true warrior wouldn't betray his comrades, leave them for dead, and give an honest man a death fit for the likes of himself." He spat out the words with fervor, knowing full well they could be his last. Alryn glared at him and Nyhl was brought to his knees. "If you want me to grovel for my life from the floor, you'll have to force my tongue as well as my knees." He knew full well what position he was in but this was a matter of defending Deashed's honor and life. The look on Alryn’s face made it clear that he wished he could crush the child’s trachea, but there was something holding him back. After a tense few moments of the two staring each other down, that something stepped into the room. The man entered the room and all the stormtroopers stood at attention, as best they could while still keeping a secure grip on the prisoners. “Alryn Ren, do we have a problem?” he asked. Judging by the uniform he was wearing and the actions of those in the room, he seemed like an important person in the First Order. “He does not deserve the name Ren. Marek Matitho is the only name he wouldn’t disgrace,” Nyhl spoke up from the floor. The entire room was shocked. Nyhl meant what he said. Using the name of someone from before they joined was an ultimate disgrace. He was aiming to hurt just as deeply as he was feeling, showing that everything he had said previously was from his heart. “And which one is this, Alryn?” The man asked, looking at Nyhl in disgust. “Can we dispose of him?” “General, this is Nyhl Ren.” Alryn spat the words, clearly conveying that he felt that Nyhl also did not deserve the Ren title that he had only recently gained. “That is unfortunate,” the General remarked. Next, he glanced at Deashed’s lifeless body on the floor. “And that one?” “Deashed Ren,” came the response. The General tsked, turning now to look Alryn in the eyes. “Lord Snoke would have preferred him alive.” “General, there was—“ “I’m sure you had your reasons and I trust that you were not intending to carry out the same decision with Nyhl Ren, Nattu Ren, Zusnak Ren, or Kylo Ren, as Lord Snoke did request those four be taken alive. Which are they?” He turned back to the gathered Knights, looking at them critically. Alyrn didn’t need to respond: it was clear from the way they held their heads high who they were. The General opened his mouth to speak once again, but was interrupted by a group of three stormtroopers walked in with a prisoner. “General Stecro,” A captain entered in front. “There was a Resistance Commander fighting with the Knights who did not come with us easily. What shall we do with him?” There was still a struggle— the prisoner was still trying to break out of the grasp of both the stormtroopers holding him. As the scuffle caused them to shift, Kylo caught a glimpse of Poe. He was bleeding, and fairly heavily at that. His struggle was understandable— stupid, but understandable. There wasn’t entirely a point because there wouldn’t be any way he could get out, but he was also showcasing that he would struggle against the First Order until his dying breath. Kylo wished he could use the Force to lace Poe’s mind with thoughts of serenity, reassure him that the Knights would also never bow to the First Order, tell Poe that he would personally get him out of this situation. “Let me see the prisoner,” Stecro responded, turning to face Poe. “He definitely is Resistance, just look at that orange.” He stepped closer to a now still Poe. “And, tell me, just what would a Resistance pilot be doing fighting alongside the Knights of Ren?” He was close, too close for Poe’s liking. Poe wanted to head bash him, but decided to maintain his suave personality throughout the encounter, show that he wasn’t afraid. Because he wasn’t. “Well, ya know, I figure anyone trying to not be a part of the First Order is someone I should help, right? I offered. It’s always a pleasure of mine to shoot TIE-fighters.” Poe smirked, still wondering how the hell he was going to get out of this one. General Stecro glanced down, seeing the name on the vest. “Dameron. Commander Dameron.” His eyes moved back up, meeting Poe’s. “You don’t happen to be the son of Captain Dameron?” Poe held his head up high at the mention of his mother. “I’m proud to carry her name.” Stecro smiled. It wasn’t a polite smile, it wasn’t curt. It was sinister and terrifying. “Back when I was a young lieutenant, I had the honor of exploding her X-wing while she was in it.” Stecro turned around, his attention focused back on the Knights. As he began to speak again, Poe’s face dropped and he lunged at Stecro. Every stormtrooper in the room rushed to stop him, but they couldn’t stand against him and his rage. His fingers laced into Stecro’s hair, yanking his head back as his other arm reached and wrapped around the general’s throat. He was quick enough and the general was old enough that the entire room came to a halt, tense. “What are you going to do, kill me?” Stecro said. “I will,” Poe hissed through clenched teeth. It was clear by the look in his eyes that he would. He was ready to. “You don’t want to do that.” Everyone, including Poe, turned to Kylo Ren. “You are not the kind of person to commit a cold-blooded murder. He may have killed your mother, but you know that you cannot defend your actions against your own conscience. That is exactly why you are part of the Resistance and never took up any of the opportunities that were undoubtedly offered to you. You’re the best pilot in the Resistance, and you know it, too.” Kylo made sure to drop this in a way that wasn’t too subtle— the First Order needed to know that despite Poe’s actions, he was worth keeping alive. Kylo was fighting for Poe’s life more than he was and it disgusted him. “And, General, he did not offer his services. He was abducted and forced to fight with us.” He then transferred his gaze to Poe. “Let him go.” There was an implied, “give up” with it. Poe let Stecro go. Immediately, three stormtroopers grabbed onto him, making sure that this time he was secure. Steer rubbed his neck, looking unhappy. “Alryn, I want all of these prisoners to be kept under lock and key until Lord Snoke assigns them to a ship. Keep the Force cuffs on. I will call for Kylo Ren soon to see if we can reach a compromise with the Knights.” With that, the general left the room, not looking at anyone. A Small Room for Prisoners, SS Gauntlet None of them spoke. The entire company still felt betrayed, each processing their feelings differently. Nyhl meditated. Even with the Force cuffs on he still found focus on letting his thoughts float by, unimportant. Back straight, legs crossed, eyes only half open. This way, he wasn’t consumed with his thoughts of betrayal, was intent on not giving Alryn the satisfaction of thinking of him every moment, even if it was only to plan the many ways in which Nyhl could execute his revenge. Every time the thoughts of homicide began to strive for dominance in his mind, he calmed them back down again. He didn’t shove them into a bottle to be ignored, e simply let them wander around his mind without paying them any attention. In this way, he was content despite the gory depictions of murder that would flash through his thoughts. Zusnak, on the other hand, sat focused on his anger. Of course, he was shocked by Alryn’s betrayal, but he refused to let himself be hurt by it. He was too strong to feel pain from something so petty. Instead, he centralized all of his anger and replayed the moments when he watched Deashed die. Out of all the Knights, the closest were Zusnak and Deashed. Occasionally, Dakro would tag along with them, but the two had been friends for longer than they could remember, had joined the Knights together. Flashbacks from their past together crept up and layered themselves over the images and sounds of the blood. In his mind he could see the two of them as children, learning how to use the Force to move objects. He could see them as young men, being inaugurated into the Knights, given their names. They were training, learning to better themselves. Their favorite pastime. It was only recently that Zusnak began winning, and even then only by the smallest fraction of judgement. Zusnak and Deashed were brothers. Nyhl may have been the most loyal of the Knights, but even he did not feel the rage that was coursing through Zusnak’s veins and keeping him alive. If Deashed’s death would have been something that Zusnak did not have to avenge, he would have preferred to die alongside him. Once his fingers broke skin, digging into his palms, he knew that in every decision of his life he would remember his brother. Dakro was torn. He didn’t know whether to be angry like Zusnak or not. He wasn’t sure if he could. As it was, he was barely keeping himself together. Before the battle, he had been the fourth oldest of the Knights. Unnu and Mhirn had given their lives for the battle that he could not win for them. Skakkard and Kruk as well. The memories of his fallen comrades was a good one: in battle where they belonged. But Unnu, Mhirn, Alryn, and Dakro had formed almost a group within themselves, an understanding rather. Being the oldest of the Knights, they four had decided to watch over the youngest additions, take special care in training the next generation. Kruk and Skakkard were like sons to him. He had hand-picked and trained them both and when they needed him most he was not there. So, he had turned himself towards the wall and began the deeply-rooted mourning process of his people that not even the Dark Side could erase. Poe was tired. Unlike everyone else in the room, he was not prepared for this outcome. He was not ready to be a part of the First Order. Ever. And hearing that Stecro was the person who killed his mother. The thought made him gag. Blood dripped down his face and began pooling on the floor. The sounds of the drops were the only sounds in the room. He was too tired to stand. Slowly, he sunk down with his back against the wall. Not giving up, but conserving his strength. He would fight, again and again. He would never stop fighting. And one day, he would return to his friends in the Resistance. Just like how he knew that one day the First Order would be no longer. Like how he knew that there was still some good in his childhood best friend that was sitting on the other side of the room. Nattu and Kylo kept exchanging glances. They were tense, waiting for Stecro to send for Kylo at any moment. The two kept wanting to confer over the situation, exchange escape plans and decide what compromises they would accept, if any. Being the leaders this was an extreme decision for them, but it was going to all be left up to Kylo. Personally, Nattu was on edge. He kept glancing around at each person in the room, wondering how they were all coping, if they thought that what they had done was the wrong decision. Secretly, he was wondering that as well. As for Kylo, his brain couldn’t focus too much on the task at hand. At a very young age he had become almost addicted to the Force. With these cuffs on he felt like he was being strangled, and he knew that he just might give in if Stecro found how much of a weakness this was for him. No. Kyle’s eyes shot open, staring straight ahead of him. No, he would not let that happen. The Knights of Ren would not be reduced to mere pawns in the First Order because he could not hold himself together. He was stronger than that. He was better than that. And there was nothing that General Stecro could say that would make him abandon his fellow Knights. Nothing. This was the determination with which he would face the general. This was the attitude he would have regarding anyone from the First Order who even began to give him a command. A stormtrooper entered the room. “Kylo Ren. The General requests your presence.” Notes: Summary of what happened during the gore: Deashed dies. It is a death fit for a traitor, while he deserved a valiant death of a hero. The irony is that it was given to him by the actual traitor, Alryn. And just a quick summary in case you didn't catch this survivors -Kylo Ren -Poe Dameron -Nattu Ren -Alryn Ren -Zusnak Ren -Deashed Ren -Dakro Ren -Nyhl Ren -General Stecro lost -Himrec Ren -Mhirn Ren -Unnu Ren -Kruk Ren -Skakkard Ren Shit will go down in the next chapter okay. Chapter 3 : Repercussions Notes: TW for gore. If you would like to skip you can just stop at "...insubordinate and--" and pick back up the scene change. Summary without the gore will be in the end notes. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) General Stecro's Office, SS Gauntlet Kylo entered escorted by stormtroopers. The General was relaxed, maybe even slightly annoyed at something. It made Kylo once more long for the force. He couldn’t stand to be in a room that he hadn’t been able to thoroughly read. “Please, sit.” Stecro gestured to a chair across from his desk. The Knight did not sit down. “Kylo Ren, you are the leaders of the Knights, yes?” It took Kylo a moment to answer. He could already taste the sour aftermath of negotiations. “Yes.” “Then I will present the options to you.” The old man moved himself into the chair behind his desk before leaning forward to grab his datapad. “Lord Snoke has left few options for you. Nyhl, Nattu, Zusnak, Deashed, and yourself have been requested alive. Seeing as Deashed is already gone, I would prefer that none of the rest of you need to be sacrificed. Who else is still alive?” Kylo met the General's gaze with a violent one of his own. Stereo’s breath caught in his throat and his eyes widened. It was slight, but it was there. He was afraid of Kylo. In fact, he was most likely afraid of all the Knights. Reluctantly, he answered. “Of the Knights, only Dakro. The rest were killed in battle.” “Well, of course, there is still Alryn Ren.” Stecto watched, his eyes painted with fear, as Kylo’s eyes darkened more and his jaw flexed. He could taste blood in his mouth, though he did not know where from, and he could feel anger like a pit in his stomach. Slowly and determined, he spoke. “As leader of the Knights, I declare that that man is no longer welcome among our ranks. He will hereby be known once more as only Marek Matitho.” The General opened his mouth to protest, but was cut off. “The binding of the Knights is our loyalty to one another. Marek broke that. He betrayed the Knights as a whole, therefore disgracing us and quite clearly communicating that he no longer wished to remain aligned with us. Alryn Ren died the moment he made a deal.” Silence filled the room. Both men could feel it hanging on them. Yet, neither spoke. Neither flinched. Neither looked away. It was a challenge to see which would fold first— to find the stronger man. Ultimately, the General's fear overcame him. He knew that Lord Snoke would value the Knight’s life over his own and if Kylo felt the need to kill him with his bare hands, he could. “Isn’t that what you are here to accomplish? A deal, just like Alryn made?” A single step brought Kylo to the front of the General's desk, where his fist came down in the center. The sharp sound rang in the room for a moment before Kylo spat through clenched teeth, “Do no ever compare me to that weakling.” In the silence that followed, Stecro’s breathing could be heard as it returned to normal while he regained his composure and Kylo once more mourned the absence of the Force, wishing he could have felt the fear he put in Stecro. “Then what exactly are you here to do, Kylo Ren?” The General's eyes made their way back to Kylo’s. The Knight straightened his posture before elaborating. “What Marek did was a betrayal. It was without the knowledge of the rest of the Knights, and ended in the unwilling death of some of his sworn brothers. I have been sent to make negotiations, but know that I will not betray a single one of them. First, we all live. Second, we all leave. Third—“ “Kylo Ren, you are not in the position you think you are. Since you have shown me such hostility, I have decided to choose one of the options Lord Snoke sent to me myself. You will each be assigned to a First Order vessel. You will each be assigned a General, and you will be under that General’s discretion until otherwise noted. And that is final.” The General once more picked up his datapad, determined to look nonchalant as he scrolled through meaningless notices, glad that the Knight couldn’t feel the fear racking throughout his body. “Force cuffs off,” Kylo said after a thick silence. Stecro glanced up from his work. “Because of your rebellion, Lord Snoke has insisted that the Force cuffs remain on and that your lightsabers remain confiscated. You will now be escorted out. Your ship assignments will arrive later.” With a deep breath to quell his anger, Kylo began towards the door. Before leaving, he paused. “What of the Resistance pilot?” “Commander Dameron? What of him?” Kylo turned to find the General not even paying attention to him. “What will happen to the pilot?” Steer looked up, a scowl on his face. “He will be tortured for information before his execution. Like all Rebel scum that happen aboard this ship.” “No.” “No?” “No. He is valuable. Most likely doesn’t know much, but he’s the best pilot in the Resistance.” “And now they don’t have him. It’s—“ “The First Order would be honored to have him among their ranks. He can take out triple the amount of TIE fighters that any other pilot I’ve seen. It would be wise to use him.” “Leave my office.” As soon as the words were spoken, Kylo was escorted back to the prison cells by stormtroopers. A Small Room For Prisoners, SS Gauntlet “So we just wait here until we’re separated?” Nyhl was livid. “No. No. I will kill that traitor even if I die trying, do you understand me, Kylo? That man is dead. Dead !” “Calm down, Zusnak. You need to keep your wits about you at this time.” Nattu held out a hand in warning. “I will kill him. I want to torture him. I—“ “You will have your revenge in due time, young one.” Dakro spoke and there were inward sighs of relief from the rest of the group. They all desperately needed his wisdom and advice. “You need patience, Zusnak. Marek Matitho knows that you’re coming for him and at this time is well prepared. If you wish to be successful and not simply die without completing your mission, you must wait until he is no longer so guarded. And to do so, you need to stay alive, which means going with this plan and staying with the First Order.” “I agree with Dakro. We must go along with the plan. Stay with the First Order.” Kylo chimed in, his word being final. “When will be allowed our weapons back? And these Force cuffs off?” Dakro laid a hand on Nyhl’s shoulder, steadying the kid. “I suspect in due time, Nyhl, the cuffs will be removed. As for when our lightsabers will be returned to us, I am not sure.” Dakro looked to Kylo for any extra information. “I don’t suppose they will be returned to us,” Nyhl scoffed. The room sat silent for a moment, all wondering just how much their lives had changed. “Do you any of you still carry your crystals?” Kylo smiled as Zusnak asked the question, knowing he was not the only one to have done so. One by one each of the Knights removed the crystals from the inner folds of their robes. “Now all we need is a way to make them work,” Nyhl sighed. Dakro spoke up once more. “Once we have the Force back it will be easy to find the right pieces. These are the most elusive parts and would require us to travel great distances to find replacements. You should be able to fashion the metal parts out of what you find on the ship you’re assigned to.” Discussions amongst the Knights continued as they discussed future courses of action: what they would compromise and what they wouldn’t, when they would reconvene, what-if circumstances. They were interrupted when Poe spoke up. “What’d he say about me?” Silence. All of the Knights averted their eyes until Kylo reluctantly addressed Poe. "You will most likely be executed." "That's it? Just--" He made a slicing motion across his neck. "Most likely you will be tortured for information first. I tried to bargain for your life, but the General wouldn't have it." Before Poe could respond to that, Kylo decided it wise to redirect the conversation. "You should all meditate. The rest will benefit you. Sleep would not be wise for a while, not until your Force cuffs are off. Survive on the meditation like during your training--" "During our training we had the Force to rejuvenate us." "Zusnak, you are bitter. If you sleep, that bitterness will set it. It will plague your dreams and drive you to be even more exhausted. Sleep when you must, but avoid doing so excessively. These new environments are not places to let your guard down, especially not without the Force. You are unaware. Sleep deprived will be better than killed in your sleep." Eventually, the Knights took his advice, meditating in a circle. Kylo kept his eyes open, watching his former best friend worried sick on the other side of the room, death at his doorstep. A Small Room for Prisoners, SS Gauntlet Poe awoke with a start at the sound of the door being opened. The Knights reluctantly pulled themselves from a long meditation session, all cringing at the light from the hallway. A group of Stormtroopers stood in the doorway, a Captain in the center holding a datapad. As he began to read, Stormtroopers filed in, two at a time, ready to escort the Knights to shuttles. "Nattu Ren, assigned to the BC Storm, Zusnak Ren assigned to the Executioner, Dakro Ren assigned to Imperial, Nyhl Ren assigned to the Finalizer, and Kylo Ren assigned to the SS Gauntlet. Former Resistance Commander Poe Dameron has had his presence requested on the Finalizer." Kylo exchanged solemn glances with each fellow Knight as they past him, bowing his head in respect. The Knights held their heads up high and walked with whatever pride they had, determined to not be reduced to First Order pawns. As Poe passed Kylo, he stopped. The Stormtroopers tried to force him to continue moving but Poe remained still. He stared into Kylo's eyes long and hard. It wasn't a nice stare. It wasn't a stare of gratefulness nor one nostalgic for their days as children. This was a look of hate. He was on a death march, and Kylo had brought it upon him. Poe wanted Kylo to remember his face, remember what he looked like in the days before his death. The best pilot in the Resistance. Captured because of an old friend. Instead of taking Kylo to somewhere else, the Captain ignored him, closing him alone in the room. He sunk to sitting once more, pressing his back against a wall. He needed a plan. The rest of the Knights were counting on him, what little were left. As much as it pained him, the only solution he could see that would keep the Knights safe was submission. They needed to lay low. The idea tasted like poison and felt like the cold absence after a lightsaber burn, but there was nothing else he could do. The Generals would give good reports and eventually Snoke would be lenient once more. In fact, that would probably come sooner than he expected. Even despite this minor setback, Snoke still trusted his precious apprentices more than disposable and replaceable Generals. It was rumored that only one handpicked General in the First Order had met Snoke in person. Out of the seven four-star Generals, most hadn't even had orders given directly from Snoke. The First Order was planning something. Kylo had heard musings about a new weapon, much like the Death Stars of the past. The General who ran that was the General that Kylo wanted to get to know. The General who ran that was the General who would work directly with Snoke. Considering Snoke had most likely had a say in the ship assignments, Kylo assumed Stecro was in charge of this new weapon. He was interested to learn. __________ Too much time passed. Kylo knew that by now the rest of the Knights were on their ships. He had been given no word of any sort when the door finally opened once more. He was standing before the Stormtrooper escort was visible in the hallway. "General Stecro requests your presence." As Kylo stepped into the hallway he vaguely wondered why he was being followed by not two Stormtroopers but seven. The walk to Stecro's office was stiff. That was the only way to describe it. Kylo didn't need the Force to read the unstable and anxious body language under the armor around him. Something was wrong. Something happened that was bad enough to have the General worried that he would do something violent. General Stecro's Office, SS Gauntlet The air was cold. Stecro was standing when Kylo entered the room. He was behind his desk, hands clasped behind his back. Military. Structured. Prepared. Staring straight ahead. Kylo noticed the Stormtroopers did not wait in the hallway. Two remained in the room with him. "General..." The word hung in the room, dense between them. "Kylo Ren, I'm afraid there is some bad news." Everyone was tense. "What happened." He hadn't been told anything for days, not even fed or let out of the cage they put him in and they expect him to react well to bad news? "En route to the Finalizer, a transportation battalion was attacked by Resistance aiming to get their Commander back. They--" For a moment Stecro's eyes met Kylo's. "They--attacked the wrong one. Nyhl Ren has been severely injured. He--" "What?" Kylo snapped. "Why did he not have adequate protection, General ?" "Many of the Stormtroopers on board were killed and could not protect--" "He was not given a weapon because of the attack?" "You must understand that the Knights of Ren are currently prisoners of the First Ord--" "Prisoners? Prisoners ? Do not think for one second that the Supreme Leader would value your life over that of his Knights. We are his apprentices, and even if we are not currently the most prized piece of his plan, we are not simply a position that can be refilled in case of death, General ." Kylo could hear the Stormtroopers behind him tensing. He didn't care and began taking steps toward Stecro, the desk still separating them. "You are disposable. Replaceable. The Knights are hand-picked Force Sensitives, personally trained--" "And currently reduced to nothing." Stecro hissed the sentence through his teeth, leaning forward as he spoke. "You are my insubordinate and--" He was cut off when Kylo wrapped his large hand around the General's throat. "I could kill you. You think that just because I have the Force I've never killed with my bare hands?" His voice was low and despite the close proximity of the Stormtroopers attempting to drag him away, only Stecro could hear him. "You think just because I have a lightsaber that I've never killed without a weapon? You are replaceable. I am not your insubordinate and I will deal with the repercussions Snoke gives to me for your death." Kylo didn't pay attention to how many Stormtroopers were attempting to pull him off the General. A couple wrapped their arms around his torso and pulled so hard that both Stecro and the desk moved back as well. Every time Stecro's nails dug another groove into his hand, Kylo squeezed tighter. And tighter. And tighter until Stecro's eyes rolled back in his head and the scratching stopped. The Stormtroopers immediately became more frantic but Kylo Ren did not loosen his grip on General Stecro's neck until he could no longer feel the faint pulsing beneath his fingers. The Finalizer, Bridge "Sir, are you certain requesting his transfer is a good idea?" "Are you questioning me, Lieutenant?" Lieutenant Mitika shrunk at the confrontation from his General. "No, sir. I am just-- concerned for your-- safety, considering the Knight did strangle General Stecro with his bear hands and--" "General Stecro was old and weak. I was promised a Knight of Ren and that was promise was not delivered upon. Despite his outbursts, he is still the strongest of the Knights, or so I have heard, and I am rather offended that he was not assigned to the Finalizer in the first place." "Sir, if I may--" "You may not Lieutenant." Mitika was silenced with a slicing glare. "Submit the transfer request." "Yes, sir." Notes: Nyhl's gonna be fine I promise. Our favorite ginger general will be showing up next chapter!!! (and at some point within the next few chapters so will our favorite non-brainwashed Stormtrooper) Without gore version: Kylo strangles Stecro meanwhile telling him that he is replaceable and the Stormtroopers just pull him off. All you really need to know is that Stecro dies. Notes: Thank you so much for reading! As always, you can leave comments or message me @bumblebae8.tumblr.com Fic information and post dates are on my profile.