Rey looked down at her communicator after it pinged, she smiles easily as her thumbs move quickly, writing back a response. Finn next to her looks over her shoulder. “It’s not that guy again isn’t?” he asks. “He’s rubbish.” Sending her message, Rey slips her comlink into her pocket where it pings again quickly. Laughing, she pulls it out once more at the eagerness of the reply and then shakes her head as she responds. “He is but there is more to him than just that,” she says before lifting her comlink up. Putting an arm around Finn’s neck, Rey smiles while he pouts. After snapping a quick photo, she sends it onward and puts her comlink back away. “Yeah, I’ll believe it when I see it,” huffs Finn. “Stick around and you could,” replies Rey as she turns on her heel to begin walking backwards. “Wait, he’s coming now? Here?!” he almost shouts. Rey shrugs her shoulders and turns back around to walk correctly. “He’s giving me a ride home.” “On that thing! That death machine!” “Come on now Finn, it’s not that bad,” says Rey while rolling her eyes. “He doesn’t even go that fast when I’m on it.” Finn sputters at her and then rushes to catch up. “Not from where I usually stand. It’s not safe!” Stopping, Rey turns towards Finn. “Are you kidding me?” she says with a knowing look in her eye. “Poe takes you out all the time and does all sorts of stunts!” “Which I hate !” he shouts back. “Speak of the devil,” mutters Rey as she catches sight of a speeder approaching. They both turn and see Poe glide over next to the walkway. He lifts his mask up on his helmet with a flick of his fingers. “Hey good looking,” he says with an easy smile. “And that was to the both of you in case you were wondering." Rey smiles back and Finn looks stuck in between happy and embarrassed. Putting a hand on Finn’s back, she pushes him to move. “Go say hi to your boyfriend.” “I can do it myself,” he hisses before walking over to Poe. The bike rumbles in a deep and smooth purr beneath Poe, it’s dark gray paint job with orange striping glittering in the sunlight. Poe looks up to Finn and smiles a little wider, his white teeth gleaming too. “Going my way?” he says with a wink. “Just move over,” says Finn but he’s quick to smile back as Poe hands him the spare helmet. As he pulls it on, tightening the straps, he looks to Rey. “I’m serious,” says Finn. “That guy is bad news Rey, but it’s your life.” Poe looks back at his boyfriend and then to Rey. “You still hanging out with that Solo kid? His whole family is a bag of crazy, my dad works with his mom. She’s pretty cool but I heard his dad always ends up in some trouble.” “He’s not so bad,” Rey insist and gets disbelieving stares from both of her friends. “Really!” “Sure Rey,” laughs Poe before pulling his mask back down. Finn does the same and then waves at her before Poe zips the bike away suddenly, forcing Finn to grab on to him. Watching her friends flyaway, Rey gets a good chuckle as she’s sure Finn is trying to yell at Poe. The roar of the speeder lessens, letting her know Poe is back to behaving. The comlink in her pocket pings again, Rey takes it out and sends her location to the other on the receiving end. He’s still a bit away so she takes a seat on a nearby bench and pulls out one of her schoolbooks. Making it half way through two chapters, it’s when she starts on the third is when she hears the rumble of a speeder with its own very distinct sound. Standing up, Rey’s book goes back into her messenger bag that has seen better days but has never let her down before. In the daytime Ben and his speeder are easy to see but she knows in the dark he blends in a little too well. There have been a few close calls because of it, people not seeing them, but they both like it that way. It’s too early for getting into any real trouble but it’s a perfect time for a long ride out of the city, out into the weaving paths slither through the mountains. It’s a ride that has become a bit of a habit for them, hugging the turns together until they reach a peak of one to take a break at. Rey swears the kisses they share looking over the city lights could never be better. She’s made sure to wear the proper attire today and at school she got some looks for it but Rey didn’t care. It took her a while to save up for the riding outfit but both her and Ben felt better once she had some proper protection. Ben had offer to buy her it all but Rey had quickly turned him down, wanting to pay for her own things. It just had taken her a little longer than most people to do so. Zipping up the front of the jacket as Ben pulls up, he keeps his mask down unlike Poe. He hands over her helmet, the one he did force Rey into taking as an early birthday gift. She pulls it on and can’t help but admire Ben a bit, he looks good where he sits, matching his speeder perfectly. As for herself, she stands out in her white suit against all the black but Ben had said he liked her in it. That she looked like some holy being, but Rey was sure he’d like her in anything. Flipping a switch, the back of the speeder lifts and exposes more of the seat that is normally hidden when he rides alone. Having the helmet firmly on, Rey gets on and shifts her bag to behind her. Wrapping his arms around his waist, Ben squeezes one of her hands and she squeezes back, a silent signal letting him know she’s ready. The private coms in their helmet’s click to life, a feature Ben spent, in her opinion, too much money on. It’s nice to be able to talk while they ride but when they really get moving through the tight turns, they don’t have to say a word to one another to know what to do. “Mount Suna today?” he asks. “No, let’s go further than that,” she replies back. “I want to ride home at night on the way back down.” “Kraspen lookout it is,” chuckles Ben. Revving his bike a few times, he moves them smoothly into a quick speed unlike Poe’s sudden acceleration. His hand shifts through the gears and soon they are gliding along the main freeway running through the city. Rey watches as they slip past the other repulsor and hover crafts. There are a few other speeders too, most look to be on their way home from work and all take a glance their way. The bike they are is sort of a one of a kind, a heavily modified speeder that more than a few people have offered good money for. Every time anyone does, they get a firm not for sale from Ben. Lifting his hand up, he gives a quick wave to a fellow rider before gunning his speeder faster along. When they pass the city limits is when Ben really turns on the speed. She’d never be able to tell her friends about this, how she feels pressed to his back. How it thrills her when they slipped off the freeway and on to the back roads, just ahead awaiting them the twists and turns she even dreams about now. Someday Rey hopes to get her own speeder, one she’ll build with her own hands and trail behind Ben on, or maybe even ahead of. For now they ride together and move as one, a perfect team. The first turn quickly approaches and they lean into, tilting so much their knee’s hover near the ground. Rey’s blood starts to pump loudly in her ears and she couldn’t be happier. They take each turn skillfully and even pass a few other speeders on the way up who are coming back down the mountain. They zip past one another, two blurs of color flying along the side of the mountain. After all the turns she feels a touch dizzy from the adrenalin when they reach one of the few straightaways. “Hold on,” he says and Rey knew this was coming, she was looking forward to it. Making his way through the gears quickly, her grips tightens on Ben as they pick up speed. The air cuts around them but they move smoothly through it, the speeder barely quivering at all. The straightaway ends too quickly and she is pushed into his back as Ben brakes. A laugh rolls out of her and then she hears him chuckling too as then lean into the next corner. They pass the turn off for the peak and head deeper into mountain range just to the north. Far in the distance she can see the tops of some of the taller mountains capped white with snow. Lifting her head up, Rey thinks about what the view must look up there and hopes maybe they can hike them. The view vanishes as they fly into a canyon, it’s walls high and deep. The rocks close in but that doesn’t stop Ben, he only pushes on harder and she gladly follows. When they reach the lookout, Rey feels tired but relaxed. It’s something they share in common, the need to burn off all the extra energy that seems burn under their skin. Ben turns off his speeder and Rey slips off the back as it starts to cool, pinging softly in the air. She pulls her helmet off and watches Ben do the same, his hair fluffing up but sticking to his face from the sweat he’s perspired. He runs a gloved hand through it, shaking it out and letting the wind cool his skin. With a curling of his fingers, he beacons Rey closer and she comes without a fight. They kiss slowly and she puts one of her own hands into his hair, holding gently on to it. Unlike the speed he likes to travel at, Ben kisses her slowly and Rey wonders where and how he got so good at it. He never talks much about himself more of his family troubles, and she’s wondered if he had many girlfriends before her despite him trying to reassure her he has not. Rey has thought about dating a few people before Ben, but after the first time she saw him, Rey knew she wouldn’t think of anyone else. They part slowly and Ben kicks out the stand to gets off the bike. He stretches his back, a little sore from being hunched over for so long. She wonders how long he had been riding around before picking her up, her best guess is for at least a while by the low groan he makes. Putting his helmet down on the bike’s seat, Rey’s joins his and together they walk over to a large flat rock. Below they can easily see the road that winds its back way before going straight towards the heart of the city. In the distant the sun it setting but still has a bit to go before it truly starts to become sunset. There is only the wind and a few songbirds that Rey can hear, the peace she feels is hard to describe but it settles in her chest, helping her breathe easier. Enjoying the view for a while, they slip into a quiet and spaced out conversation about the past few days. His gaze turns to Rey when she mentions Poe, the two having known each other since childhood share what she would call a friendly rivalry. They were also known to race sometimes, the score never really known to either but from what Rey has seen, it seems tied. “My dad came home last night,” says Ben sounding a touch tired. Leaning her head on his shoulder, Rey looks up at him. “Late?” He nods and runs a gloved hand over his face. “Yeah, my mom yelled at him. In that quiet short of shouting they do when they think I’m asleep.” “I thought you were going to move out?” Putting his hands in his lap, Ben starts to tug of his gloves. “I should but I can’t leave my mom. I know she’ll be fine but she won’t be. The way she looks at me from time to time, it’s as if she’s waiting for me to turn out like my dad.” Slipping her bare hand into his, their fingers close around one another. “Why does he do it, doesn’t he know it hurts you two?” asks Rey. Ben’s thumb strokes the back of her hand and he presses a kiss to the top of her head. Even in his riding uniform he smells good and she leans in a little closer to catch more of his cologne. “It’s just who he is, my dad can’t stay still,” mutters Ben. “With my speeder it’s easy for my mom to think that. Of course I want to go traveling but I wouldn’t ever just up and leave like he does.” “Not without me,” says Rey with a smile. “Wouldn’t dream of it,” he chuckles back. The return ride is just what she hoped for, Ben and his bike blending in with the night while she looks to be flying through it like a white bird. They go even faster and Rey wonders if they’ll keep going on through the night. Just work their way back through the city and out the other side. In the end Ben does the respectable thing despite what most people think of him, he takes her home. Rey gets off his speeder and wishes silently one day they can both ride west until they reach the ocean she’s never seen. He lifts up his mask and she gives back her helmet. Of course Rey could take it with her but it acts like a promise between them, that he’ll have to return it to her and they’ll be off riding again together. After sharing a short kiss, it feels like a promise for more later, or at least tomorrow. “Are we still on for the lake?” he asks and Rey smiles while nodding yes. “See you tomorrow?” she says. He flashes his own secret smile and Rey wonders if she’s the only one who gets to see him do that. He flicks down his mask and she watches him slip off into the night. His figure vanishes with his speeder but she can still hear the echo of him. Cupping a hand to her ear, Rey waits and listens for him to shift gears before powering back on to the freeway. His speeder roars, drowning out all other crafts until it fades slowly into the distance. Notes: One shot but I could always add more to this in the future.