Yanks and Philly Prozac Dreams . . . It all started freshman year when she’d nearly failed her calculus II course. Rey had fallen in love with the city of Philadelphia and had her heart set on going to school there. She’d received a scholarship to Empire University, figured out the subway system (which was pitiful, even by Southwest standards), and even prepared herself for the crazy, sometimes-indecipherable accent and high crime rates. What she wasn’t prepared for was the ridiculous winters. It started getting cold in October and it hadn’t let up until April. The second semester of her freshman year had been particularly bad: she wasn’t eating, she was sleeping all the time, and she scarcely had the energy to shower. When she told her grandfather about this, he made the connection easily. It was now the second semester of her sophomore year, and Rey was determined not to screw it up. Armed with a daily dose of twenty milligrams of Prozac and a UV light, Rey would not be failing her linear algebra course. Nope. She would get a respectable grade of a B, at least, and she would suffer for it, because linear algebra was stupid hard. Finn was in that class with her, and together they lamented their choice of being mechanical engineering majors. The only people who had it worse than the engineers was the astrophysics majors, maybe, or the neuroscience-pre-med track kids. So, that is to say, Poe had it worse than Rey and Finn, and Jessika maybe had it worse than Poe. “Screw mathematics, and screw linear algebra in particular,” Finn grit. They were in Poe’s apartment, lounging in his living room, and tearing their hair out over their homework. “Did you wolfram alpha it?” Poe asked from his position on his couch. “I would, but your wifi is shit,” Finn said, looking like he might toss his Lenovo out the window. Rey knew he wouldn’t, though – he was almost ranked gold in League, and that was almost as important to him as his GPA. (Both, coincidentally, which hinged on him having a working laptop.) Rey wasn’t even pretending to do her work, instead scratching Poe’s calico cat, BB. The cat purred, rubbing her cheeks against Rey’s hand and kneading into her lap, fluffy tail held up happily. “BB is better than homework,” Rey declared. Poe agreed. Finn shot the cat a wary look. “Maybe,” he conceded. Poe feigned hurt. “I’ll have you know that she is the luckiest cat alive.” “And the sweetest,” Rey cooed, scratching her behind her ears. BB purred like a motor engine. Finn’s first meeting with BB involved catnip, a mouse, and lots of swearing. Needless to say, he was not on greatest terms with BB. “Get back to work,” Finn said. “I can’t, I’ve been chosen by the cat.” Finn rolled his eyes. “Then at least pretend to look at problem five-a and help me out?” . . . Moments like that were what Rey lived for, in the harsh Northeast winters. Finn and Poe and BB almost made the trudge between her residence hall and Poe’s apartment a non-issue. Almost. It was with much inelegance that she slipped on one of the thick patches of ice that lined the sidewalk. It was her own fault – her backpack was too heavy, laden with textbooks, and for some stupid reason, she’d opted to wear her chucks, with no grip whatsoever, instead of her boots, which were cozy and warm and didn’t slip on ice. Cursing in English, Spanish, and French, Rey was in the middle of picking herself up when a large, gloved hand was in her line of vision. “Here,” a masculine voice said. “You won’t slip.” Dignity thoroughly gone, Rey took his hand. He helped her up, his free hand braced on a stop sign to maintain balance. “Thanks,” Rey said, adjusting her backpack. He nodded, and said, “Heading to Towers?” Rey nodded. “Yeah. You?” “Yeah.” They walked together; Rey felt slightly less bad when he nearly slipped on a patch of black ice. “I’m Rey,” she offered. “Ben,” he said. “I – Jesus.” He slipped, long arms pin wheeling and taking Rey down with him. He landed squarely on his back, and Rey face planted onto his sternum. “I – sorry!” she said, scrambling off and desperately trying not to slip again. “Don’t be,” he said with a groan, waving her off. “It was my fault.” Rey offered a hand to help him up, but he didn’t take it. “I’m a foot taller than you,” he said. “We’d probably just have a repeat scenario.” To that, Rey had to agree. “Last time I wear chucks in the winter,” she muttered. He laughed. “Right?” Rey looked down, and sure as shit, he was wearing a pair of black Converse. They made it to the Towers residence hall unmolested. “Which floor?” he asked, when she went to the elevator. “Fifth,” he said. In the light, Rey could see that he had a sharp jawline and dark eyes, and underneath his hat was collar-length black hair. “Huh. You’re on my floor, but I’ve never seen you before.” “I’m usually in the archaeology building,” he told her. “Y’know, doing pre-capstone stuff.” “Oh, you’re a senior?” “Junior, but I’m doing my capstone the fall of my senior year. You’re a freshman, right?” “Sophomore,” Rey corrected him. “I know, I look young.” “I was going to say it’s because you’re dumb enough to wear chucks in the winter. It’s a freshie mistake.” “So are you!” “For me, it’s an aesthetic,” he said with a small grin. Rey rolled her eyes. “I grew up in Arizona, jerk. I’m not used to you Yanks and your winters.” “Pennsylvania is Mid-Atlantic, actually. We’re not Yanks in Philly.” “Riiiiight,” Rey said. They got off the elevator and stepped onto the floor. To Rey’s surprise, Ben followed her into her hall. “Anything past Virginia is a Yank as far as I’m concerned.” “Sounds like you’re just salty about growing up in the middle of nowhere, heatsville.” Rey huffed. “At least there it’s warm .” Ben came to a stop at the third door in the hall. “Oh, you live with Hux!” Rey said, looking at the names taped to the door. “You know Hux?” “Yeah, I’m in calc II with him.” “That’s probably the best part of being a humanities major. No math.” “Yeah, but then there’s the whole “no employment” thing,” Rey said with a laugh. “Yeah, like I haven’t heard that one before,” Ben muttered. Rey nudged him with her shoulder, and he nudged her back. And that was how she met Ben Organa-Solo. . . . She and Ben fell into an easy friendship. Much like her, he despised the cold. Much unlike her, he had a sweet tooth. The rooms on the fifth floor all were apartment-style and equipped with full kitchens, and Ben was always baking. Sometimes, Rey would do homework with him in his room. Sometimes Hux was there, more often he was not. Rey would often be sprawled out on Ben’s couch or floor, laptop and textbooks within arm’s reach. Sometimes Ben would do homework with her, other times he’d play Dark Souls or bake. “You never have homework,” Rey complained one night. Finn was sick, Poe was cramming for a neurosci midterm, and she was left with Ben, Humanities Major Extraordinaire, as she suffered alone. “That’s because I purposefully give myself a break spring semester. It’s cold and miserable and dark all the time. Who wants to do work then?” And Rey conceded that he had a point, and made a mental note to do that for next year. . . . Ben Organa-Solo had moods unlike any other, Rey quickly learned. He was often high-strung, which Rey had just assumed was his personality, but there were some days where he would be so goddamn irritable that Rey wanted to slap some sense into him. Today was one of those days; he’d invited Rey to come over, said that he’d made too much pasta for one person to eat and that Hux wasn’t around. Rey took him up on it, only to find that Ben was in a foul mood that could sour milk. When he dropped a glass and it shattered, he cursed, slammed his hand against the cabinet, and managed to cut his fingers on the shards that he picked up. Rey watched this scene, unease curling in the pit of her belly. She knew better than to ask if he was alright, but she wasn’t sure what she should do. I’ll talk to him about it later, she decided. Ben was her friend, and she didn’t want to leave him alone – obviously he’d sought out her company, and maybe, Rey thought, her presence was making him feel a little better. So Rey settled on his couch and started her homework. When she shut her eyes, she’d only meant to blink – but it had been a long day, and it turned into a nap. Run-run-run, up the stairs, it’s a bat, it’s hitting me, no no “NO!” Rey woke up with a jolt, a cry tearing from her throat, heart beating fast and hands shaking. For a minute, she had no idea where she was – then she remembered. Ben’s apartment. You’re with Ben Solo. And there he was, crouching next to her, dark eyes etched with concern. “You okay?” he asked, gripping her hand. Rey nodded, mouth suddenly dry. “Nightmare,” she mumbled, rubbing at her eyes. “What time it is?” “Nine thirty,” he answered. “You passed out after dinner.” Rey yawned. “Sorry about that. I – “ she halted herself, unsure if she should express her theory. She looked at Ben, and decided that it wasn’t an issue. “It’s been a long day.” He smiled wanly. “Babe, don’t I know it.” . . . . The next nightmare happened when she and Finn crashed at Poe’s house after a party. It had been a great night, filled with coconut rum, whiskey shots, and dancing with her best friends. Poe knew how to create an atmosphere for Fridays, knew who to invite, knew what music to play and what alcohol to provide. When the party waned, Rey had curled up on Poe’s futon with Finn, more than slightly drunk and more than very content. Poe had joined them, minutes later, and BB, jealous that she wasn’t the center of attention, clambered in. Rey slept soundly for most of the night, until – The dream was vivid, more vivid than real life. She was flying a ship, except she was about to crash into an asteroid. There was a baby on the ship, and she needed to save it, or else the polar bear was going to eat her and the asteroid and – “Rey. Rey!” Poe was shaking her awake. Rey blinked, sitting up. She only had a slight hangover, but the dream… “You were twitching,” Poe whispered, trying not to wake Finn. Not that Finn would wake – the kid slept like a rock. “And asking for help, I – sorry. I thought you’d rather be awake.” Rey nodded. Poe passed her a water bottle. Sunlight streamed in through his window. “What time is it?” “Almost noon,” he told her. Rey groaned. Poe bustled around his kitchen, pouring himself some cereal. “Hey, Poe?” “Yeah?” he asked around a mouthful of food. “Does Prozac cause nightmares?” Poe wanted to be a psychiatrist, right? He’d know. He knew that she was on Prozac, too; he and Finn were the ones who’d brought her bought of uncharacteristic depression to her attention, last year. She felt more comfortable discussing this with him than with Ben. “I mean, it makes sense,” he said. “Dreams aren’t exactly listed as a common side effect, but if a medicine affects your brain, it’s not too crazy to think it could affect your dreams.” Rey groaned. “I’m too hungover for this.” Poe laughed. “Want some Cheerios?” “Please.” . . . Chapter 2 : Prufrocking Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben was in her room, for a change. Rey’s room was much like his…except she didn’t have a roommate. The girl who was supposed to room with her transferred mid-semester, and Rey hadn’t been assigned a new one. Ben had argued that as one of the Dean’s kids, he should have single-room privilege. Rey told him to shove it. Rey was at her desk, glaring at her computer screen, willing her lab report to be finished. Ben was sprawled on her bed, his six-foot-four form hardly fitting, highlighter in hand, going over Paradise Lost for one of his Brit Lit courses. Not that Rey was bitter. (She was totally bitter.) Occasionally he would read a line aloud. It didn’t bother Rey – his voice had a calming cadence to it, and the words were pretty. “No light, but only darkness visible,” he murmured, so quietly that Rey figured he probably didn’t even know he was doing it. “I liked the other one better,” she said, eventually saving and closing document. The report wasn’t due for a few days – clearly she’d finished all she’d be able to tonight. “The Prufrock guy.” Ben looked up, dark hair falling in front of his eyes. He pushed it away and grinned. “I knew I liked you. Eliot is arguably the best. ” Rey tried to ignore the gleam in his eyes and the butterflies in her stomach. . . . It was another Friday night, which meant that Rey and Finn were ready to paint the town red. That is, they were ready to find a party, get pleasantly drunk, and maybe make some ill-advised decisions. Finn was in her room, perched on her bed. Poe was out of town, at some sort of neuroscience symposium, doing fancy junior-looking-at-grad-school-things. Rey was getting ready, which meant she was blow drying her hair and trying to find the most flattering-to-warm ratio of an outfit, when there was a knock on her door. “Got it!” Finn called, over the din of the hair dryer. Rey couldn’t make out specific voices or words, but Finn was in her bathroom, followed by Ben. Finn was grinning his megawatt grin, practically bouncing with excitement, as if he knew what Ben was going to say. “Hey!” Rey greeted with a smile, turning off her hair dryer. “What’re you up to?” “I was actually going to ask if you wanted to come to one of Phasma’s house shows. Both of you.” He added the last part at the end, quickly. “Yooo,” Finn threw and arm around Rey. “Let’s go!” Phama’s house shows were legendary on campus…but to be honest, Rey didn’t see the appeal of being in a dirty basement with loud, college-quality music playing and sweaty strangers trying to mosh. But between Finn’s brilliant smile and Ben’s hopeful expression, her reservations crumbled. “Sounds like a plan.” Finn let out a whoop! And off they went. Rey slipped on a pair of boots this time, determined not to fall. She wore jeans, a long-sleeved fleece shirt, and a winter coat. Finn wore his vintage letterman jacket over black jeans, and Kylo donned a thick wool pea coat. Out they went. Phasma’s place was a few blocks off campus, and it looked like Ben knew where he was going. The house was loud even as they approached; numerous students stood outside smoking. “Ky looo!” one of them greeted, grin split across his face, arms open wide. Rey looked around, confused, before realizing that he was talking to Ben. Ben clasped the guy on the back, grin splitting his face. “How’s it goin?” the guy asked. His accent was really pronounced – so much so that it took Rey a few seconds longer to process his words. Must be a local. After Ben talked to his buddies – “my boys,” he’d called them – he ushered them inside. There was a bunch of coats on the table by the door; the three of them laid theirs there as well. “He got us in for free!” Finn whispered to her, grinning. Rey grinned right back. “Speak for yourself. Girls are always free.” . . . After some point, Rey lost both Finn and Ben, which was fine – she was slightly buzzed, and happy, and making friends all over the place. The band that was playing in the basement was mostly just okay, but upstairs there was beer pong and drunk science majors arguing over whether or not Fermi’s paradox made sense. Rey had just won her team – that is, her and Jessika – a round of beer pong when someone nudged her shoulder. It was Ben, carrying two Solo cups. By the look of him – flushed, hair in a disarray, and grinning – he was a few drinks short of being really drunk. He passed one of the cups to her. Whatever was in it smelt equal parts fruity and alcoholic. “Malibu Bay Breeze,” he said, slurring every-so-slightly on the last word. “Phasma’s an alcohol snob. It’s good.” Rey brought it to her lips. It was good, she conceded. She loved coconut rum, developed a taste for it after Poe had toasted the end of finals with it last year. “Thanks,” she said, raising her voice over the din. “How was the band?” “A mazing,” he said, and Rey refused to acknowledge the butterflies in her stomach at the way his eye lit up. “You should come down. Finn’s there.” And Rey did, waving to Jessika behind her, and totally not reading into the way the other girl winked. Downstairs wasn’t as packed as Rey had thought it would be, which was a pleasant surprise. She recognized Phasma and Hux, and saw Finn animatedly talking to a group of guys, but that was it. Ben slung an arm around her as he stumbled over a crack in the cement floor, but kept it there as they made their way to Phasma and Hux. . . . At the end of the night, the three of them – Finn, Ben, and Rey – stumbled outside, half-drunk. The winter chill didn’t bother Rey – after the heat of the house, it was welcomed. Ben came between Finn and Rey and slung his arms around their shoulders. “Sh’ fun,” he said. Rey couldn’t help but laugh. “God, you’re sloshed, Ben!” “Seriously,” Finn joined her in ribbing him. “Phasma was telling me about how you puked all over the floor freshman year –“ “Shhhhh,” Ben said, putting his entire hand on Finn’s face. “ Shhhh.” The three of them went back to Ben’s room; Rey had remembered that he’d had a full stash of walnut-caramel brownies baked earlier today, and she had every intention of taking advantage of Ben’s intoxicated state to get to them. “I think I just had a mouth-gasm,” Finn declared as he slumped onto Ben’s couch. He looked at the brownie like a mother would her newborn. “It’s so beautiful.” Rey had to agree. She was steadily working on her second brownie, and it was good. Finn returned to his room, once he sobered up; Rey was on Ben’s couch underneath a fleece blanket and she had no intention of moving. “Scoot,” Ben said, slightly more sober. Rey rolled over and curled her legs up. Ben lay down next to her and wriggled under the blanket. “Hux brought a girl back,” he mumbled, by way of explanation, but Rey was already half asleep. . . . When she woke up the next morning, strangely devoid of a headache but groggy nonetheless, her face was pressed into Ben’s couch and there was a heavy warmth pressed against her back and wrapped around her sides. So Rey did what any normal half-awake person would do: she shut her eyes and cuddled into the warmth, letting out a sigh at how comfy she was. Then she registered the heavy arm at her waist, the steady breathing against the back of her neck, and the fact that the giant warmth pressed against her was in fact Ben Organa-Solo. Rey froze, unsure how to act. Thankfully, Ben was a heavy sleeper and more likely than not, hungover. Rey shimmied down to the far end of the couch and hopped over his legs before grabbing her coat and heading back to her room. She desperately needed to shower. And to brush her teeth. And to deal with the butterflies currently living in her stomach. And to come to terms with the fact that that was the best night of sleep she’s had in a while. . . . The next time Ben was in one of his moods, he knocked on Rey’s door and, wordlessly, entered. Rey knew the drill by now: he’d face plant on her bed or her floor, lanky form sprawled out, and maybe he’d talk about it and maybe he wouldn’t. One such night – after an outburst that had both Rey and Hux looking up things like hypomania and mixed episode , he’d told her, “Thank you.” They were on her bed. Rey sat up, propped against a pillow, book in hand. Ben’s head rested in her lap, eyes closed. “For what?” “For,” he opened his eyes and waved a hand. “Putting up with me, when I’m like this.” Rey shrugged. Finn and Poe had put up with her when she was in the throes of seasonal depression last year; she didn’t know what it was like to have outbursts, but she knew that sometimes you just needed a friend to be physical present. “It’s what friends do,” she said, and he gave her a small smile. Rey kept her nose firmly in her book when he’d snaked a hand up and tugged at her free hand, laced his fingers with hers. She really, really hoped that the book hid her blush. . . . They sat on her bed watching Netflix, shoulder-to-shoulder. Rey didn’t mind: college had taught her that personal space was practically non-existent in the dorms, and she was comfortable around Ben. She’d shoved the unused bed next to hers at some point, partially because she liked having a big bed and partially because Ben was over so often and he just took up so much space. Even with the extra bed, though, he sat next to her, so close their legs were touching. Rey didn’t mind. They hadn’t spoken about how they’d essentially spent an entire night spooning, but Rey didn’t think there was much to talk about, not really – butterflies in her stomach and deep looks from Ben be damned. He was her friend, emphasis on friend, and that was where it ended. Rey isn’t sure how – she was really into this show, and it was thoroughly engaging – but she fell asleep. When she woke up, pleasantly devoid of nightmares, her head was resting on Ben’s arm. He’d also fallen asleep sitting up, head back against the pile of pillows. Rey yawned and, delicately as she could, hopped off the bed and put her laptop on her desk. At her absence, Ben shifted in his sleep, rolling over and slumping down. Rey sighed. She didn’t have the energy to wake up his heavy-sleeper ass and kick him out, and truthfully… Well. If she was being honest with herself, she could use a night without nightmares, and if sleeping next to Ben was the way to get that, she didn’t mind. She changed into her pajamas and lay next to him, close but not touching. His breathing was calm, and the steady sound soothed her. Unfortunately, her theory proved wrong. She woke up, kicking and screaming, from a dream involving her old middle school teacher threatening to electrocute her in the middle of class. She’d woken up Ben, too, and he was grabbing her arms and holding her to him. “You’re okay,” he said. “You’re okay, it’s okay. You’re fine.” Rey was a bit disoriented – first, she was about to die, and then she was awake and in Ben’s arms. She swallowed thickly, heart hammering in her chest. “Sorry,” she said. She tried, half-heartedly, to remove herself from his arms, but he was still hugging her to him. Rey didn’t mind. “You fell asleep,” Rey said, more to his shoulder than to him. “I thought I’d let you. I didn’t think I’d – I’m sorry.” He was stroking her hair. “It’s okay,” he said, voice impossibly gentle. “We can go back to sleep.” “You don’t have to,” Rey mumbled, but he was already laying down, tucking his chin atop her head. When Rey relaxed into him, he draped an arm around her middle. “You’re okay,” he said, and within minutes he’d fallen back asleep. . . . They hadn’t spoken of that night, and Rey was fine with it. She was made at herself – she considered it fucking pathetic of her to have been that stupid, that scared, in front of him. So she buried the memory, didn’t dwell on it, and concentrated on the conversation at hand. She was with Hux and Ben in their room as Ben stirred something in a pot that smelled positively delicious. He’d taken to a habit of cooking a first-rate dinner on Tuesday nights, usually for him and Rey and Hux. Presently they were talking about Hux’s sex life. “ Twenty-six?” Rey said, scrunching her nose. “Have you gotten tested?” Next to her, Ben let out a snort. Hux waved her away. “Please, that’s like, a little over person for every year I’ve been alive.” Rey’s mouth opened, then closed, then opened again. “ Babies don’t have sex!” she settled on, which caused Ben and Hux to roar with laughter. “Virgin,” Hux accused. Rey batted her eyelashes. “No, just not a walking STD vending machine.” Hux mocked offense. “You wound me.” “So this new girl,” Ben said, skillfully changing the topic before the harpies could swoop in on his sex life, or lack thereof. “What’s the story?” Hux grinned, running a hand through his orange hair. “Psych major. Hot. Likes it rough. I might be half-in love.” Ben arched an eyebrow. “Half?” “Half,” Hux said. He shot Rey a look. “C’mon, not-virgin, help me out here.” Rey shrugged. “I mean, yeah. You can be half in love with someone. I know I’ve been.” “See? Girl knows what’s up.” Ben shrugged. “I don’t do things halfway.” Rey didn’t know if she liked how he looked at her, but didn’t have much time to dwell on it before a steaming, mouth-watering bowl of beef stew was in front of her. . . . Ben was in her bathroom when a clang, several clatters, and a curse resounded through her room. Rey looked up from her mechanics homework. “You all right?” “I, uh, knocked over a pill bottle…” Ben said, walking out of the room, a mostly-empty orange bottle held in his hand. He rubbed the back of his neck. “Most of them fell in the toilet. I’m sorry…” Rey made a noise. “Of course.” Ben looked worried. “Will you need to fly back to get a refill? I’m really sorry, Rey, I didn’t see them on the counter and the cap was loose –“ Rey followed him to the bathroom, picking up the smallI white-and-green pills that had fallen on the floor. “It’s not a big deal. I’ll save these – I guess they can be my backup? – but I brought enough refills with me to last the semester.” He was kneeling, helping her pick up the pills. There was only ten in total left – the other fifteen or so were now in her toilet. At his worried look, Rey said, “Relax, Ben. It’s just Prozac. It’s not like you sabotaged my birth control, or something. The co-pay is like, ten dollars, and the half-life is long. Seriously, it’s not a big deal.” That seemed to ease his fears a little more. “Okay,” he said, then: “Prozac, huh? No wonder you’re having nightmares.” Rey put the bottle safely in the back of her cabinet. She had other, unopened ones in there as well. “Yeah,” she said. “That’s what I thought, too.” Ben mhmmed. “And with the amount of coffee you drink? No surprise at all.” “Oh, so you’re the expert on SSRIs?” Ben shrugged. “I was on it for a bit in high school for anxiety. I had normal side effects, I guess, but after two weeks it made me manic.” Part of Rey – the scientific part, the part that was always asking why, how, when, wanted to know more, but by the line of his shoulders and set to his jaw, she could tell he didn’t want to go into it more. Of course Rey had done her research on the drug when she was prescribed it. It seemed typically safe, but there was a note that antidepressants could cause bipolar patients to get manic. Idly, she wondered if she and Hux were right, that Ben had a mood disorder. Not your business, she chided herself. That night, she might have accidentally-on-purpose let herself fall asleep while Ben was next to her, in her bed and doing homework. It might not be the panacea for nightmares she was looking for, but it was comforting all the same.v Notes: All mental health ish featured is based off of personal experiences. Nothing here is pulled out of my ass; obv everyone is different, but I wanted to make it clear I'm not bullshitting. More fluff and cuddles in the next chapter ;D Chapter 3 : I Want You To Want Me Summary: In which we have birthday party plannings, swing dancing, and smol drunk kisses Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey, Poe, Finn, and Ben were all at Poe’s apartment; Ben had fallen into their friend group easily enough, especially after Finn sung his praises for getting them into one of Phasma’s parties. And, because the easiest way to ingratiate yourself to Poe was through Rey and Finn, the invitations to Poe’s apartment to do homework were easily extended to Ben. Poe sat at the breakfast bar, furiously typing away on his laptop. Finn was sprawled out, textbooks and papers everywhere. Ben sat on the couch, BB in his lap, and Rey sat on the floor, leaning back against the couch next to Ben’s lanky legs. “Hey, you know what I just realized?” Rey said, looking up from her homework and grinning. It was the beginning of February, which meant… “Finn’s birthday! It’s soon!” Poe exhaled a sharp breath. “For a minute, I was afraid you’d say Valentine’s Day.” Rey waved a hand. “Irrelevant. Out little Finny’s gonna finally leave his teens, which means we have to celebrate.” “Little?” Ben said, nudging her. “He’s like, head and shoulders taller than you.” “Yes, but he’s still a teenager. He’s practically a baby.” Finn rolled his eyes. “You’re literally three months older than me. Shove it.” Rey nodded. “A very important three months, I’ll have you know. But it’s okay – it makes you my designated Aquarius friend.” Poe groaned over his textbook. “I cannot believe you’re a STEM major and you buy into that crap. Why must you be like this?” “For fun,” Rey said with a hum. “You’re a Virgo, by the way.” Finn tsked. “Such a Virgo. And I bet Ben’s a Scorpio.” “Capricorn, actually.” “Either way, both are strongly associated with Hell.” Ben looked down in his lap, where BB was sitting, purring away. “If I were strongly associated with Hell, would BB like me as much?” “Yes,” Poe deadpanned. Rey snorted. She was glad they all got along – it made her happy how seamless it was. “Anyway, so Finn’s birthday…” They tossed around a few ideas, and ended on, “We’ll come back to it later, but there will be babes and booze.” They went back to their homework, Game of Thrones playing in the background. Ben nudged her with his knee. “When’s your birthday?” “November,” she told him. “I turned twenty in November.” “Next year, then,” he said with a grin, scratching BB on the head. Rey grinned back, refusing to name the feeling in her stomach as butterflies. . . . It was almost midnight on a Thursday when Rey got a text from Ben asking if he could crash, because Hux brought a girl over. Rey said yes, and minutes later he was at her door, laptop and toothbrush in tow. “Why not just sleep on your couch?” Rey asked, genuinely curious. “I mean, I know it’s not the greatest, but…” “They’re loud, ” Ben said with a huff. “I can’t get any work done.” “Please,” Rey said with a snort. “Nobody’s that loud.” Ben held out his room key. “See for yourself.” Rey took it and marched down the hall, only to return thirty seconds later, horrified. “You can hear them outside of your room.” “I know. It’s bad.” Rey shook her head and went back to her desk. It was a rare night where she didn’t have any work to do, and instead was happily sketching a red-winged black bird. She wasn’t much of an artist – birds were about the only thing she could draw – but she liked it. It was a habit she’d picked up from her grandfather. Ben peered over her shoulder. “Didn’t know you drew?” “Just birds,” Rey told him. “My grandfather’s big on bird watching, so I’ve taken up sketching. Had to figure out some way to keep myself occupied.” “You’re really good,” Ben said. Rey did not blush at the compliment. “Just birds, really. And mechanic stuff.” “Mechanic stuff,” he said, with a lopsided smile. They put on Netflix before they fell asleep. Ben wore basketball shorts and a T-shirt, Rey in sweat pants and a tank top. She fell asleep against his arm, and when she woke up, her face was buried in his chest. He was warm, and sturdy, and comfortable, and damn her alarm for waking her up for her ten AM. . . . The next party they went to, all four of them, was a Valentine’s Day Single’s party. Rey didn’t know if it was sad that she and her closest friends were all single and celebrating it, but there would be heart-shaped Jell-O shots and pink jungle juice. The party was at Jessika’s house, a rowhome a few blocks from campus, and it was in full-swing by the time they got there. Jessika greeted Rey warmly, planting a half-drunk kiss on her forehead and leaving a lipstick mark. “Girl, you’re gorgeous,” she said, which she always said when Rey wore make up. She turned to Ben and Finn and Poe. “Isn’t she gorgeous? Tell her she’s gorgeous.” “Of course,” Finn said, slinging an arm around her. “Duh,” said Poe, ruffling her hair. “Absolutely,” Ben agreed, looking at her with that same, lopsided half-smile and dark gaze. Thankfully, her foundation hid her blush. “I love how nice drunk girls are,” Rey said, mostly to change the subject. Jessika returned, Jell-O shots in hand. She distributed them. “Cheers!” Rey ate – drank? – the shot, grimacing at the texture. Single or not, she was happy, she was with her friends, and the night was going to be wonderful. . . . Two hours later, several things had happened: Rey had had three cups of the jungle juice, and was pleasantly drunk. She had drunk-texted her grandfather that she’d seen a falcon earlier in the day, and that he should start a band called Millennium Falcon. She’d caught Finn and Poe necking in the basement, on the dance floor. She’s lost sight of Ben. She’d danced with a tall stranger – okay, maybe less “danced” and more “grinded with” She was mainly concerned with points three through six. In her drunken state, she’d positively squealed , but cut herself off – she didn’t want to ruin the moment, not for them. She’d tried to find Ben, to tell him the good news, but he was nowhere to be found in the house. Jessika had brought her to the dance floor, pulled her by her wrists, and Rey, enticed by the other girl’s confidence, followed. There were bodies everywhere, and when a tall man asked her to dance, she smiled and said yes, only stopping when she heard Finn calling for her. She turned, excused herself, and went to find Finn. He and Poe were acting completely natural, save for the hickey on Poe’s neck. “Seen Ben?” Finn called. Rey could smell vodka on his breath, but he seemed sober-ish. Rey shook her head. She wasn’t worried, though – Ben was a big guy, and he knew Philly, had lived in the city his entire life. “He’s –“ And then, there he was, a stumbling mess carrying four Solo cups. He grinned stupidly, and passed one to each of them. “ Guys.” Rey and Finn exchanged a look; Poe was already drinking. “You alright, Ben?” Finn asked, ushering them into a slightly quieter corner of the basement. “M’good,” he said, still grinning stupidly. “M’ really good. Not as good as you,” he said, nudging Poe and eyeing his hickey, “But I’m good. ” “Not all of us can have hickies,” Rey said dolefully, looking into her cup. “I don’t have any hickies.” Ben leaned closer, and whispered, “I can fix that.” Rey looked up at him and snorted. “You’re a lush.” “You love it, babe.” “Really, I don’t.” Ben straightened, humming along to the music. “Do you dance?” he asked, as the songs changed. Rey recognized the tune almost immediately. Cheap Trick. “Uh…” “I used to swing dance,” he said, excitedly, drunkenly. He was already setting their drinks down and tugging her by the hand, placing his massive one at her waist. “Here,” and Rey was surprised by his surefootedness, “Just follow my lead, and don’t step on my feet, mkay?” Rey followed, catching on quickly (or at least, in her half-drunk state, she thought so.) She sang along, laughing, and in the quiet dark of the basement as I Want You To Want Me played in the background, she thought she might be half-drunk and half in love. . . . She danced with Ben, and Poe, and Finn, and countless others; by the end of the night, she was more than a little drunk and positively beaming. They were walking back to Poe’s place – mostly because there was no way Ben was going to get in past dorm security – and the four of them were positively giddy. “I waaaant you to waannt me,” Finn sang, voice surprisingly in tune and not slurring. “I neeeed you to neeed me.” Rey laughed. That song had been stuck in her head ever since it had started playing – but not because of the catchy tune. She looked at Ben, surprised to find him looking at her, stupid drunk smile on his face. She averts her eyes almost immediately, and, to further her embarrassment, nearly trips over one of the cracks in the street. That’s another stupid thing about Pennsylvania – the roads sucked. Ben manages to catch her, despite his obvious intoxication. He grabs her by the bicep, heaving her up, and carries her, bridal-style. “Uh,” Rey said. Nothing about this was a good idea – Ben was drunk, and so was she, and this was just asking for trouble. “Ben? Maybe you should put me down.” “We’re here,” he said, tightening his grip. “I won’t drop you.” That’s not what she was worried about. She could feel the strength in his arms, was confident in their size difference that his arms wouldn’t just give out. “Uhh, if you’re sure…” “I am,” he said, and it might have been her imagination or he might have pressed a chaste kiss to her temple. “I like holding you. You’re warm. ” Rey was positive her face went red, but she could always blame it on the winter chill. “Can we make hangover diner breakfast tomorrow?” Finn asked as Poe unlocked his apartment door. “Duh,” Rey said. Poe and Finn look at her, for the first time realizing that she was being carried by Ben. Rey pretended she doesn’t see the look that they exchange. Ben set her down, then, and Rey said, “Hey, can I use your shower? I think I reek. ” She’d left a backpack filled with spare clothes at his place specifically for this reason. “I’m next,” Finn declared, with Poe and then Ben calling the shower, in that order. “Don’t fall!” Poe called after her, and Finn erupts into laughter. Rey was a little shaky on her feet – what of that is from alcohol and what of that is from Ben, she didn’t know – either way, she made quick work of her shower, careful to mostly towel-dry her hair and put it into a braid before she exited. Finn rushed in after her; Poe was thoroughly passed out, sprawled out on his bed. On his couch lay Ben, already half-asleep. Rey had anticipated this. Grabbing a pillow from Poe’s bed and a spare blanket, she made a nest for herself on the floor. Her head felt heavy, her eyes were droopy, and she was ready for bed. “What’re y’ doing?” Ben mumbled from the couch. “Sleeping,” Rey told him. “I’m tired.” “On the floor?” he said, and he shifted. “There’s room.” Rey paused; something inside of her knew that if she went on the couch with him, she’d be crossing a line, crossing some sort of threshold. But one look at his face, at the half-smile, at the dark gaze, and she was gone. She can always blame it on the alcohol, later. . . . Ben’s hands were big and warm on her waist, and his breath was hot against her neck. Thankfully, he didn’t smell like sweat, instead smelling like his deodorant and cologne. Their legs were intertwined, and he was a warm, solid mass against her back. When he pressed a hesitant kiss to the back of her neck, mumbled her name, Rey pretended to be asleep. She might be drunk, but even she knew that that wasn’t how she wanted it to go. She pretended that she didn’t hear his resigned sigh, pretended that she wasn’t so conflicted. Eventually, she did fall asleep. . . . When Rey woke up the next morning, she was alone on Poe’s couch. “Morning, sunshine!” Finn greeted her, with a happy grin. He handed her a water bottle and an ibuprofen. “Figured you’d need this.” “Thanks,” she said, downing the ibuprofen. The hangover was only faint, something she could deal with. “Where’s Poe? And Ben?” “In the shower, and in his room. They wanted to wait to get breakfast, the savages.” Rey wrinkled her nose, then, “Oh my god. You and Poe.” Finn’s eyes went wide, and he looked just short of panicked. “You saw that?” “Oh my god, you and Poe!” Finn hushed her. “Quiet! I’m not sure how drunk he was, I don’t even know if he remembers –“ “He had a hickey- “ “Rey, please,” and there was something in his eyes, desperate and pleading, that made Rey stop. “Okay,” Rey said, squeezing Finn’s hand. “Just promise me you’ll tell me if anything happens?” “Only if you promise the same for you and Ben.” Rey could feel herself blush. “I am so not ready to talk about that.” “He was carrying you, Rey, and spooning you when I woke up. Probably had to go take a cold shower. Boy’s got it bad.” Rey groaned, flopping back onto Finn’s couch, ignoring how the pillow smelled like Ben. Finn patted her knee. “I know.” Poe emerged from the bathroom, hickey mysteriously gone, a few minutes before Ben was knocking at the door. “Breakfast?” Finn asked her, helping her up. “Breakfast,” Rey agreed. And for a moment, things were normal. Notes: Thank you all for your kind words and support<3 I love you all, and I'm glad you're having as much fun as I am with this garbage pairing :D (I'm hypomanic right now - that's why there's so many updates so soon. I promise, I'm not a superhuman. This is not my normal update schedule.) Come drop a line on my tumblr ( http://littlemanicmonday.tumblr.com/) if you wanna chat! Chapter 4 : Breathe Out...So I Can Breathe You In Summary: Warning: Much Angst Ahead Notes: Guys, I love you. Thank you for your wonderful support with this<3 As we enter our penultimate chapter, I gotta apologize for the angst that's ahead. No worries though - this is purely a fluff piece, and will have a happy ending/ (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Finn’s official birthday was February 19 th , which was a Tuesday – they had the party planned for the following Saturday. It would take place in Poe’s apartment. Poe was in charge of buying drinks, Rey was in charge of making a playlist, and Ben was in charge of baking the cake. Rey was on her laptop, making the playlist on Spotify. It was an hour before people were supposed to show up; she was already dressed and ready to go and sipping white wine as she put the final touches to it. She knew Finn’s music taste like the back of her hand, mostly because it was very similar to hers; she added a few throwbacks, a few classics, some of the current Top 40, the entirety of Neon Tree’s Pop Psychology album, and a Whitney Houston hit. Perfect. “Ayyyy, here’s the birthday boy!” Rey greeted, when Finn and Ben strolled in. Finn whistled. “Already drinking? Without me?” “Please, it’s wine. ” “Bitch, you’re not fancy enough for wine.” “Just for that, I’m taking Whitney Houston off of your playlist.” It was an empty threat, but it got a laugh. “Lemme see,” Finn said, curling up next to Rey and peering over her shoulder. “Oh my god, you have half the Shrek 2 soundtrack here. I knew I loved you.” Rey couldn’t keep the grin from splitting her face. It was gonna be a fun night. . . . Rey was perched at the breakfast bar, taking a small break from socializing. Finn was having a great time, BB was safely locked in Poe’s room, and nobody looked like they were about to puke. “Hey, stranger,” Poe said, coming up and standing next to her. “Feeling all right?” “Just taking a break,” Rey told him. “It’s a good night.” “We’ve had a lot of good nights.” Poe smiled down at her, reached over and poured them each a shot of Jamison. “To more good nights,” he said, raising his glass. Rey raised hers, clinked it against his, and downed the shot, almost immediately chasing it with Gatorade. “Rookie,” Poe said. Rey rolled her eyes. Idly, she wondered what was going on between him and Finn, but she didn’t want to ruin the mood of the night. For once, everything was perfect. Around one-thirty, the party began to dwindle down to half a dozen or so guests sitting in a circle, passing around a bottle of moonshine that someone (probably Jessika) had brought, and having real talk. Rey was getting that particular kind of tired that happened after a night of drinking and dancing. She sat between Finn and Ben, leaning against Ben for support. Next to Finn was Poe, and next to Poe was Jessika, and Ello and Maz completing the circle. BB, now freed from Poe’s bedroom, sat in Jessika’s lap, tail flicking curiously. “Tired?” he asked her, mouth turning up as if he were amused. “Mmm, nah,” Rey said, stifling a yawn. “Just – it’s been a good night.” In the background, the songs switched; an acoustic version of Everlong began playing. Rey smiled; it was her favorite song, of all time and put on the playlist almost entirely for her benefit. As it began playing, Finn nudged her. “I see you.” “It’s a good song,” Rey half-protested, humming along. “I could’ve put on like, the Wicked soundtrack. Or Nine Inch Nails.” “Thank you for not spoiling my birthday with your Goth phase,” Finn said dryly. Rey, in a manner befitting a five-year-old, stuck her tongue out at him. Next to her, Ben said, “Favorite song, huh?” Rey shrugged, embarrassed by the scrutiny. “I dunno, I – it’s peaceful and emotive. I like it.” His eyes were kind. “Me, too.” (What Rey didn’t know was that Ben hadn’t considered much of the song until just then.) . . . She and Ben were leaving for their building. Finn had offered to stay behind, to help Poe clean up and Rey, sensing the tension in the air, had dragged Ben out with her. They were significantly more sober than they’d been last time they’d gone out, and Rey had no doubt that they’d get past the front desk without any problem. “I’m like, ninety percent sure they’re almost a thing,” she told him, shoving her hands in her pockets against the winter chill. “Don’t want to ruin it.” Ben frowned. “I didn’t realize Finn was gay.” “They’re both bisexual. Poe is a lot more…open about it than Finn is. Likes to play up the Latin Lover thing.” Ben snorted. “He would.” They walked in companionable silence until they got to Towers. “I just can’t believe that Anthony got drunk enough that we could convince him soy sauce was alcohol,” Rey said, grinning at the memory. Ben gave her that same half-smile that sent butterflies through her gut. “Yeah.” They reached his door, and Rey turned to him, about to bid him good night, when he did the unexpected: bent down and kissed her. “Good night,” he said against her mouth, and before Rey could say or do anything, he’d disappeared behind his door. She stood there in the hallway for thirty seconds, completely stunned and face flushed red. . . . Two days later, and there was no word from Ben. He hadn’t answered her text, hadn’t answered his door when she’d knocked, and was strangely absent from social media. And Rey was furious with him. Finn hadn’t divulged any information on what had happened between him and Poe, and Rey was too caught up in her own love life bullshit to ask. She was in Finn’s room, where he was an RA in the freshman building, flopped belly-up on his bed and pillow on her face. It had been nearly a week since she’d seen hide or hair of Ben, and she was swinging between “furious” and “distraught.” “Boys are stupid,” she groaned, face half-muffled by the pillow. “I mean, the one time he kisses me, sober, and he fucking – runs away – what kind of pussyfooted move is that?” Rey was borrowing words from Poe’s vocabulary – that’s how she knew she was truly pissed. Finn must’ve sensed it too. “So, you like him?” “I thought I did,” Rey mumbled back. “Didn’t realize he was such an emotionally inept dickhole.” “Honey, I love you, but you’re not much better.” Rey removed the pillow long enough to shoot him a glare. Finn shrugged. “Ben’s been crushing on you since like, you’ve brought him around. He’s probably just scared – how did you react, again?” “He was in his room before he’d given me the chance to.” Finn frowned. Rey felt like she should tell him about the co-sleeping, the cuddling incidents that had been happening for the past few weeks, but she wasn’t yet ready to reveal that. It felt personal, private, and part of her wanted it to stay that way. “How much did you text him?” “Twice, different days. He’s straight-up ignoring me.” And there it was – Rey was hurt. If Ben hadn’t liked her, she’d have been fine with it. But for whatever reason, he felt that he had to ignore her after the incident, as if their friendship had meant nothing. Finn patted her leg. “I’m sorry, Rey. I thought he was cool. I’m sure it’ll work out.” “Yeah,” Rey mumbled, blinking away the tears that pricked her eyes. “Me too.” . . . She was walking back to her building from class Thursday when she saw Ben, standing out of her door, looking positively like a kicked puppy. Rey narrowed her eyes. She wanted to turn around, to march right back outside, but he’d already caught sight of her, and there was something to the slope of his shoulders and the set of his mouth that made her pause. “What?” she snapped as she approached. “Do you fucking want?” “Rey, I –“ “You don’t get to ignore me for nearly a week just because you did something you regretted and you’re too much of a pussy to confront it.” She swiped her keycard angrily and propped open her door, glaring up at him. “So? What the fuck is it that’s so important that you miraculously show up after a week?” His Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed thickly. “My dad died.” Rey stopped, and said, “Oh god, I’m an asshole. Ben. ” She dropped her bag and threw her arms around him, anger forgotten. “I’m sorry,” she said, pulling away and gesturing for him to follow her in her room. “Want some hot chocolate?” “No, thanks,” he said. Rey took a good look at his face: he looked haggard, like he hadn’t slept, and his clothes looked rumpled. “Do you need anything?” she asked. Ben shrugged. “I just wanted to tell you. There was shit reception in the hospital.” His voice was flat, two-dimensional, and empty. Rey exhaled, trying to busy her shaking hands. She made herself some hot chocolate in a large, oversize mug. “Okay,” she said. “I had plans to binge watch Parks and Rec tonight, if you feel like staying.” Ben sat on her bed. “Whichever is fine.” Rey moved slowly, sat next to him. “Do you want to talk about it?” “What’s there to talk about? My dad is dead, and the last time we talked it was a stupid fucking fight – “ Ben’s voice broke, and Rey, instinctively, reached out, wrapping her arms around him. He cried into her shoulder, clutching the fabric of her hoodie in his fists. The moisture from his tears – and snot, no doubt – seeped through her shirt, but Rey couldn’t bring herself to care. Eventually, he stopped, but still kept his forehead rested on her shoulder. “He’s dead,” he said, at last. “My dad is dead. I killed him.” Rey didn’t know what to say to that. Ben had hardly spoken about his parents, except to mention that his mother was Dean of the College of Liberal Arts and that his dad used to fly airplanes. She kept rubbing circles on his back, and said, “I’m sure you didn’t, Ben.” “If we weren’t arguing, he would’ve seen the truck that hit him.” “That’s not your fault. It’s a shit situation, but it’s not your fault.” That brought on another round of tears. In the back of her mind, Rey wondered if she was qualified to deal with this, wondered if Ben was talking to a counselor, wondered why the hell she’d jump to the worst possible conclusion when he was dealing with a family emergency. Eventually, Rey got up, set her laptop between them, and turned on Parks and Rec. She kept an arm around Ben, and they talked – well he talked, and she listened, and Parks and Rec kept a nice background noise. “He wanted me to be an engineer, like him,” he said. “Or to join the Marines so I could go to flight school. He hated that I was doing archaeology. That’s what we were arguing about.” “I really can’t see you as a Marine,” Rey told him, and he almost – almost – smiled. “I know. But he was invested in me being a scientist, or doing something useful.” “Isn’t your mom Dean of CLA? She’s like, Queen of useless degrees.” “They’re divorced. That’s one of the reasons why they didn’t get along.” “Oh.” They talked into the wee hours of the morning. When Rey woke up, before her alarm, she got dressed, left a note for Ben, and let him sleep as she went to class. Christ knew he needed it. Notes: ...please tell me that I did not ruin this story (I'm really hoping that I didn't ruin this story.) Chapter 5 : Vacant, Vapid, Stupid, Perfect Summary: In which (most) loose ends are tied up. Notes: Here it is, guys. The last chapter. I'm not ready for it to be over - expect more AU Reylo coming your way (these two are so damned fun.) Thank you all for your kind words and support, and recognizing the Philly references, and appreciating the songs. You're all wonderful<3 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) By the end of March, Ben had (sort of) become back to his normal self – there were still tired circles under his eyes, but his eating habits were more or less normal, and he was beginning to smile again. He’d confided in Rey that he was in therapy for the bereft, and that it was helping, and that he was seeing his mother more, to talk. The four of them went into the city when the weather permitted, to the art museum or for dinner or for shopping. Ben accompanied them more often than not, and, more and more, engaged with them. Rey was glad that he was healing. Of course, she was curious about the kiss. In the weeks that had passed, she’d admitted to herself that she liked Ben, genuinely liked him, and was not opposed to dating him. But she wasn’t an asshole, and was going to give him space. Finn and Poe seemed to dance around each other, and were almost never alone together in the same room. Rey still wanted to ask Finn, but hadn’t gotten the chance. Whether that was Finn never giving her the opportunity or hectic circumstances, she wasn’t sure. . . . Rey was coming out of her Judo class, slipping sweats on over her shorts and t-shirt at the locker wall in the lobby, when she saw Ben leaving the Fitness Center. He caught sight of her, slipped his earbuds out of his ear. “Sup, sweaty?” Rey made a face. “You’re not much better.” She turned the key to the locker and grabbed her wallet, pocketed it, and turned to leave with Ben. He wasn’t wrong – she desperately needed a shower. “Didn’t know you worked out,” Ben said, as they left the building and headed to their rooms. “I’m literally there three times a week,” Rey said. And she was. It helped take the edge off her stress, and it kept her in shape. Her grandfather was big on martial arts, in any form, and she’d taken everything from Shotokan to jujitsu, and most recently Krav. Ben arched an eyebrow. “I’ve never seen you on the main floor.” “That’s because I’m in the Judo class.” Ben eyed her as they entered their building. “Judo.” Rey shrugged. “I took Krav classes back home. I don’t want to lose it just because I’m here, and Judo is close enough.” “Krav.” “Yes.” “As in Krav Maga. As in, Israeli Defense Forces Krav Maga.” “That would be correct.” They got on the elevator, and Rey grinned up at him. This was the most normal conversation they’d had in god knows how long, and she was ready to indulge him – and maybe show off a little. She unzipped her sweat shirt, revealing a tank top over a sports bra, both of which were sweat-slicked to her body. She flexed her bicep – she knew that she had huge shoulder and arm muscles, for someone with her frame. “Crucified Christ,” Ben said, and Rey laughed as the elevator opened up to their floor. “My grandfather’s best friend was Japanese, and he got him into martial arts. Very Karate Kid . Some kids took piano, I took Shotokan. Krav wasn’t until high school.” “Your grandfather sounds like an interesting person,” Ben mused. Rey nodded. “I’ll be over to do homework, in a bit. I really need to shower.” “Yeah, you positively reek. ” “Be careful, Solo. I can kick your ass.” . . . One Friday night, they went ice skating, and Rey didn’t even mind when Ben laughed at how much of a novice she was. Afterwards, they’d sat around a fire pit that was outside the rink, and Rey wound up sitting in Ben’s lap because there was a shortage of chairs, and she was the smallest. (Of course she was the smallest – Poe was the shortest of the boys, coming in at five-foot-ten, and even with how skinny Ben was, he still outweighed her by fifty pounds.) Even through his coat, Rey could feel the muscles in his chest when she leaned back. He kept an arm around her waist the entire time, and Rey almost had a perpetual blush that she blamed on the chilly wind. “Cold?” he asked, when she shivered. “Just a little,” Rey said. He shifted, putting both of his arms around her. “Better?” “Yeah,” Rey said, looking down and pretending to ignore Poe and Finn’s lewd looks, pretending that she wasn’t hearing his half-drunk, muddled, I like holding you from weeks before. She tried to pretend that something needy and hot wasn’t pooling in her belly, tried to pretend that she wasn’t thinking lewd thoughts about Ben, and his hands, and his collarbones. That night, he’d come back to her room, long after she’d thought he’d gone to bed. “I can’t sleep,” he mumbled. He wore basketball shorts and a sleeveless t-shirt, despite the winter chill. Rey stepped aside and let him in, secretly grateful for his company. He clambered into her bed and lay on his side – he wasn’t even pretending, Rey noticed. She slipped under the covers next to him, and fell asleep to him playing with her hair and woke up to his arms around her, holding her as if she’d disappear if he let go. . . . It was still bitterly cold by the end of March, and was even snowing. One Monday campus had frosted over so bad that classes were cancelled for the next two days. Rey had no intention of leaving her bed, instead opting to nap, catch up on homework, and drink hot chocolate. That is, until Ben texted her about Phasma’s house show asking her to go with him. And Rey did, because this was the first time Ben had initiated any sort of social outing in a while, and she wanted to spend time with him, and she was curious about the kissing and the cuddling. Rey threw on a pair of leggings, a long-sleeved top, and her jacket. She scarcely bothered with makeup – the snow would ruin it, anyway – and answered her door when Ben knocked. He carried two Styrofoam cups from Dunkin – a vanilla chai for her, and a caramel latte for him. “For the walk,” he explained. “Thanks,” Rey said, grabbing a water bottle that was filled with vodka. “For the party,” she said, cheekily, and Ben laughed. “Just – before we go, Rey. Can we talk?” “Sure,” Rey said, trying to calm the beating of her heart. “What’s up?” “I just,” he said, putting his coffee cup down. “I’m sorry.” “For what?” “For,” and he ran his hand through his hair. “God, why did I decide to do this sober?” “Because you’re not a lush?” Rey offered. Ben gave a sarcastic laugh. “I’m sorry. For acting like a douche. For kissing you and running away, and disappearing – “ “Ben, you – I’m not mad about that anymore. It’s old news.” Rey packed as much sincerity as she could into those words. “Honestly.” “Fine, just for running away, then. It was dumb, but I – I didn’t know if you liked me, and then Finn said you did and…“ Rey stared at him. “Ben, I cuddle with you on a semi-regular basis almost exclusively. Of course I like you.” “Oh,” he said, and there it was, that half-smile, and then he kissed her, and Rey couldn’t help but think that everything was perfect. . . . The party was loud, and hot, and a welcome sensory overload after spending all day in her room. The band was doing more covers than original music, something that Rey appreciated, and she really appreciated it when they performed some classic Nine Inch Nails songs. The baseline was heavy when Rey and Ben arrived, lips kiss-bruised and faces red with the cold. They shucked their jackets, did a celebratory round of shots, and headed to the basement. In some ways, things were different – and in other ways, things were not. It was still the same Ben she partied with. Rey was happy. “Let’s dance,” she said, taking his hand and leading him to the thicket of bodies. The band was beginning a surprisingly good cover of Closer, and Rey was more than happy to dance to a cover of one of her favorite songs with Ben. (It wasn't Everlong, but it was good enough.) His arms came around her, pressing her to him. His hands were huge, spanning her waist, fingertips splayed across her hipbones. The song was sensual – it was fucking-music, Rey realized, dimly, as she grinded into him. It sent a thrill through her. He pressed his mouth to her neck, and Rey shivered. “So you like me,” he said, lowly into her ear. Rey nodded, wondering where he was going with that. “So can I do this?” he asked, and gave a long, slow, kiss to the back of her neck, just below her ear. “Yes,” she said, mouth dry. He pressed her closer to him, and oh dear god, he was hard. “Good,” he said. “What about this?” His fingers dipped just below the line of her leggings. “Yeah,” Rey said, feeling the warmth pool deep in her belly. This was perhaps the most risqué thing she’d done, ever, but she was so okay with it. This was Ben, and it was about damned time. “And this?” he said, inching down further, brushing against the juncture at her thighs. Dimly, Rey wondered if anyone saw – or if anyone cared – but she decided that it was too dark, and people were too drunk, and that this was Ben – “Yes,” she said, and it came out half strangled. He kissed her neck, trailing up, up, nipped the lobe of her ear, and gave a sharp hiss when he parted her folds and felt how wet she was. “Fuck,” he said, lips brushing the shell of her ear. “Fuck, Rey.” Rey gave a little whimper when his finger brushed against her clit as he removed his hand. She turned around, not caring who saw, and crashed her mouth to his, hungry, needing. “Let’s get out of here,” he mumbled, just as the band finished Closer and started on Sin. “Let’s,” Rey said, all too happy to oblige. . . . The walk back was cold enough to be a mood-killer, but Rey didn’t mind. Ben kept a hand at the small of her back, and, once they were in the elevator in their building, resumed kissing her in earnest, going so far as to hold her up against him, carry her to his room. Hux was gone, home for the weekend, but Rey had the sneaking suspicion that even if Hux had been present, Ben wouldn’t have cared. He shucked his coat, and Rey did the same, and suddenly she was hopelessly lost. This was Ben. She was going to have sex with Ben. He must’ve sensed her hesitation. “Is this weird?” “I…is it?” Rey bit her lip. “I don’t – I like you, Ben, and I like what we have, and…” “I like you, too. I just – I want more, Rey.” Rey swallowed, staring at her feet. “What do you mean?” In two long strides, he closed the space between them. He put his arms around her and looked down, tilted her chin up so she’d meet his eyes. “For starters,” he said, “I don’t want anyone else dancing with you like that.” Rey bit her lip to keep the grin from splitting her face. “Oh my god, we did that. ” “Mmmm,” he agreed. “In public.” Rey knew that she should be mortified, but she was much more concerned with the way he looked at her, with the sardonic curve of his mouth, with the way his hands on his waist sent little electric jolts through her. He kissed her forehead, her nose, her lips. “I want you to be the first thing I see when I wake up, and the last thing I see at night.” He kissed her chin, her cheek, her temple. “I want you to kiss me, right now, and I don’t want you kissing anybody els –“ Rey cut him off, leaning up to kiss him, wrapping her hands around his neck, tugging his bottom lip between her teeth. He pulled his shirt off, and Rey was taken aback – he was skinny , unexpectedly so: she could count every one of his ribs, could see his collarbones; his jeans hung low on his waist, and his hipbones looked sharp enough to cut. He wasn’t lacking for muscles, no, but he had such a powerful presence – she’d just assumed that there’d be more mass to him. He kissed her, again, hand on her cheek, and stepped backward until he fell onto the bed, Rey stumbling after him. Her shirt was off, and he kissed her collarbone, made to unclasp her bra. She shrugged out of it, and when she caught his eye, he was staring at her with something akin to adoration. She felt herself burn under his gaze, and when he kissed her neck, she positively came undone. . . . After – and Rey thought she must’ve passed out for a few minutes, that how dissociated she was from time – they lay in his bed, huddling naked under the covers. He held her, tight, kissed her neck, skimmed his hands down her sides. Rey’s limbs felt like jelly, and he had purpling marks on his neck and collarbones. (He would display them proudly, to the point that his mother would pointedly look at Rey and ask, “So this is the one who’s marking up your neck?” Rey would be mortified, and Ben would invest in cover-up, and his mother would laugh and invite Rey over for dinner and give her advice on applying to graduate school.) “So,” he said, and it could have been minutes or hours after, Rey wasn’t sure, “Does this make you my girlfriend?” Rey smiled against his chest. “I dunno,” she teased, then scooted up to kiss him. “Duh, dork.” “Yeah,” he said, smiling against her mouth. “Your dork.” . . . THREE YEARS LATER Poe had a real house now, one that he shared with Finn and BB. It was in Queens Village, off of South Street. Poe was in the med school at UPenn, and Finn had just graduated his Master’s program at Drexel. (Rey still hadn’t figured out what exactly had transpired between the two her sophomore year, but it seemed that all had worked out.) Rey lived in University City, and was in the first year of her PhD program. Ben had graduated with his Masters and was working at a local museum with preserving Inca artifacts. They were celebrating the end of the term, of Finn’s successful thesis and graduation, and the beginnings of summer. It was uncharacteristically warm for April, but Rey wasn’t complaining. She was still on her regimen of Prozac for six months out of the year, and she still had the occasional nightmare – but more often than not, Ben was there, holding her to his chest, stroking her hair and telling her that everything was going to be okay. She and Ben were on the roof deck, on the porch swing, sipping Pinot Grigio and enjoying the night. “Y’know,” Ben said, face buried in her neck, “I’m gonna ask you to marry me when you graduate.” “Are you now,” Rey mused, looking up at the city skyline. “Mmmm,” he said, pressing a chaste kiss to her jaw. “So finish your goddamn dissertation already.” “You’re drunk.” “S’are you.” “I’d be a terrible wife. I hate doing the dishes.” “We’ll get a dishwasher,” he said. “You’re hopeless,” Rey said with a laugh. “Hopelessly in love with a stubborn grad student who is taking far too long to graduate? Yes.” “Better be a nice ring involved. I hear that you get a ring if you agree to the marriage thing.” "You do. One of the perks." "Mmm, what about choosing the music at the wedding? I'm only getting married if I can do that." And Ben laughed and kissed her, and Rey kissed him back, and three years and two months later, when she was twenty-six and had finished her dissertation, he’d taken her on a stupidly extravagant tour of Europe, got down on a stupid knee, brought out a stupidly beautiful ring, and asked her a stupid question. And she said yes. Notes: There it is, guys. I hope you had as much fun as I did. If you wanna chat, hit me up at www.littlemanicmonday.tumblr.com. (I have no idea how to hyperlink in these text boxes).