The sound of music flooded the room. The noise of the sound of icicles and little sleigh bells mixed into one impacting combination. People danced gracefully on the dance floor. All you could hear was talking and laughing. With a glass of grand wine in your hands, you walked across the room with a smile. People were turning around and congratulating you as you made your way by. You were wearing a black french lace gown with an empire waist with cap sleeves. There was a red velvet band at the waist with a bow on the back. It was the most beautiful dress anyone has seen and you were rocking it. You were trying to find Kylo. You making your way past the crowd until you were stopped by your friend Riley. “Oh my god (Name)! You look so beautiful! Congratulations!” She cheered. “So how’s being Lady Ren?” Kylo propose to you when he was finally healed from his battle with Rey. Of course, you said yes. You both decided to have the wedding on a secret base the first order had. “Thank you,” You smiled. “I’m loving it. Infact, have you’ve seen my husband?” “I saw him talking to Phasma and General Suxs.” She rolled her eyes. Riley was never too fond with Hux. They always ended up fighting and throwing things around at meetings. You laughed. “Thank you. Now go have some fun. I’ll see you later.” “Okay, Lady Ren. See you later” She bowed and made her way to the food table. You turned around and bumped into someone. That someone was your one and only husband Kylo Ren. He was in his normal robes, but he wasn’t wearing his mask. He looked down and kissed you. “How are doing love?” He asked in a quiet voice. “Wonderful,” You responded. You put your glass down and grabbed his hands. “Where were you? I was looking for you all over the place.” “I was talking to Phasma and Hux. They just wanted to congratulate me on my marriage. Then, one of the band members came up to me and said it was time for the bride and groom to have their dance.” He winked. You both moved to the dance floor. Everyone gather around to watch the bride and groom dance. The band started to play a soft melody. Kylo had his left hand firmly but gently on your hip. You securely wrapped your arms around Kylo with right hand locked with his. He would gaze upon your eyes, smiling at you. The rhythm of your bodies danced slowly with the elegant music. He twirled you around every chance he would get. When you looked around the room, you saw that everyone had tears of joy. Hux was wiping his away with tissues. Phasma was next to him, holding a box of tissues. After the dance, it was time for the cake. Kylo took out his lightsaber and you both struggle to cut the perfect piece. After cutting the cake, you both helped each other to a piece of cake. Of course, it ended up being a mess. The bouquet toss was next. Every female in the room gather around to catch the bouquet. They were all pushing each other. You threw the bouquet in the air, watching it fly. It landed onto Phasma’s hand. After looking at the flowers for a few seconds, she smiled and walked away. The garter toss was next. All of the males gather around to catch the garter. Kylo grabbed the garter with his teeth, which made the whole room go wild and leaving you blushing. He then grab the garter out of his mouth and flung it to the group of men. The garter ended up in hux’s drink. His eyes widen and immediately took the garter from his drink. “No thanks.” He flung it tossed it to the group of men. You and Kylo burst out laughing. You turn to see Riley and Phasma holding their stomachs and laughing like crazy. Towards the end of the night, everyone was going back to their quarters. After everyone left, You sat at a table waiting for Kylo, who was thanking the band. You kept looking at your ring. You and Kylo were finally married. Kylo walked up to you and grabbed your arm. He hurried you out of the ballroom and through the halls of the base. He pushed you into a janitor's closet and locked the door behind him. Kylo turned on the lights. The closet had a shelf of cleaning supplies and brooms. You were confused. Why did he bring you in here? “Kylo..” You began, but you were cut off by a sharp kiss. His hands wandered up and down your back. His arms went around your waist. You threw your arms around his neck pulling him closer. You waited for this for a long time. You and Kylo did these sort of things but tonight was going to be special. “They have a big mess to clean up. So, they won’t be in here for a while.” He groaned. He grabbed your waist tighter. His lips were warm and smooth as they brushed against yours. His kiss was powerful and passionate, which was one of the things you loved about Kylo. Heat was shooting up to your cheeks, butterflies in your stomach and taking your breath away all from the same time. Kylo pushed you to the back wall and grabbed your hair. You part your lips to let his tongue explore your mouth and your own tongue feeling the pure pleasure of exploring his mouth. He released his hands from your hair. You felt his fingers graze across your back and you shivered in with the tracks left behind him. When you both finally pull free, his eyes were wild and a smile crept across his face sending a grin across your face as well. He pulled you closer to him and started to kiss your neck. As he was doing this, you felt him unzipping the back of your dress. You quickly stop him and pulled away. You wanted to do this but not in the closet, fearing someone would walk in during your actions. You looked up at Kylo and saw a confused expression on his face. You lower him and whisper into his ear, “Meet me in our quarters in 5.” You looked at his eyes once more and gave im a kiss. You pulled away and left Kylo wanting more. As you were heading to the quarters, all you could hear was Kylo’s boots echoing through the halls. ------------------------------------------------------- Later that night, You were laying on top of Kylo. The room was dark and quiet. Just the way you two like it. As you were tracing patterns on his chest with your index finger, you look up and saw him sleeping peacefully. You smiled and kiss him on the cheek. “I love you so much.” You laid your head down on his chest and closed your eyes. You started to feel his fingers gently tracing patterns on your back. “I love you too (Name).” The both of you drifted off to sleep. Notes: OHH the wedding was so fun to write! Sorry if the make-out session wasn't that good. I'm still getting used to writing make-out session in stories. I'll be better in the future. I hoped you enjoy!