"I can't do this anymore, Hux." Do what? I don't understand. Is he talking about his training? "It's like being with a droid." Is he talking about me? About being with me? Why would he think I'm like a droid? "You don't feel . You have no passion." That's not true. I do feel. More than you know. I don't have the passion that you do, but that doesn't mean I'm as emotionless as you think I am. Can't you see that? Fine. I just smiled-bitterly-and turned, walking back to the bridge. Smile through the pain. Don't let him see how much it hurts. Just like always. If he's not interested, then there's no point in continuing whatever this was. This poor excuse of a relationship. Within a week, he was gone. There was no notice that he had left on a mission for Snoke. He just disappeared, like he'd never been there in the first place. I followed his tracker, which lead to his room, and was met with a pile of clothes. Prized lightsaber and helmet placed on top of the black robes. No note. No sign as to where he'd gone. Of course, there was only one place he could have gone. Home. "Good luck, Kylo Ren. I hope they can give you what I couldn't." I walked back out and closed the door, leaving as if nothing had happened. As if I had never known the man that called himself Kylo Ren. As if he had never been part of my ship. My life. Me. Several months later, my suspicions were confirmed. There, fighting alongside the scavenger girl and the traitor, was Ren. Grey and white robes flaring around him as he fought, strangely white lightsaber cutting through the air-and my men-illuminating his features. He looked much the same as always, yet so different. This man in grey robes, hair pulled back in a messy knot, face not covered by a mask-he was not the same man I had known. "General ?" I looked over at Lieutenant Mitaka, before back down at the battle, eyes trained on Ren. He was still a formidable fighter. Better, now. More disciplined, strikes more precise. He still had some of that volatile emotion about him, and it showed a little in his moves. He would strike with his lightsaber with unnecessary strength, strike more than needed, use his hands to beat down his opponents before dispatching them. It was a strangely beautiful, deadly dance, and I couldn't tear my eyes away. "Kylo Ren is no longer an ally of the First Order. Kill him." No, I am far from emotionless. Far from the droid Ren compared me to. Yet even as I gave the order, even as I felt a storm in me, even as I felt agony clawing at me from the inside, threatening to spill over and send me to my knees, I kept a calm exterior. A stoic façade. I didn't betray the feelings warring inside me in any way. Breakdowns-emotions-are for people of lesser standing than me. I told myself he didn't care. He doesn't love me. He wouldn't have left if he did. Not without saying goodbye. - - - The battle, the war, it's finished. The Oder is finished, and so am I. That's all I was. Everything that I was, now gone. Destroyed. Destroyed by chaos disguised as freedom. Hands clasped behind me, standing at parades rest, just like always, I calmly surveyed the damage around me. Then, in the eerie after battle silence, I heard footsteps pounding on the metal floor as someone ran to me. "Hux! There you are, thank the stars." I couldn't speak as I turned to face him. Is this unfamiliar creature before me really Ren? No, of course not. My Ren is gone. Killed by the Resistance. I don't know this thing masquerading in his body. "It's over. It's all over, Hux." He pulled me into his arms. They felt just the same as before. But these aren't the same arms that used to hold me close at night, as if I would disappear before morning. "It's finally over." He just kept saying that, over and over, repeating it like a mantra, as he hid his face against my neck. I could feel the warm puffs of his breaths against my skin, a stark contrast to the cold air of the Finalizer. I let my arms stay at my sides, body stiff in Ren's embrace. I looked around, seeing the carnage; the death. It was everywhere. Blood pooled on the ground and smeared on the walls, dripping down the dark grey durasteel of my once pristine ship. It permeated the air, along with the stench of burned flesh, choking me. Could Ren not smell it? Did the smell of death not bother him at all? "I'll keep you safe. I won't let them execute you." The Finalizer was quiet. So quiet. It's like we were floating in the silent vacuum of space, and Ren was my only anchor. There was no other sound aside from our breathing and Ren's steady voice. "My mother, she'll get you pardoned or-or something. I don't know yet, but I promise to keep you safe." Oh, how I want to believe him. I want to trust him to keep his word. But I know I can't. He betrayed me before to gain the favor of these people, I know he'll do it again. I felt his body shake against mine, before warm tears against my neck. "I'm so sorry, Hux. I never wanted to leave you, but I knew you would never leave the Order for me." No, I wouldn't have. I would have called him a traitor to the Order-to me-if he'd asked me to go with him. "But I'm here now. We can be together again, I promise. No one will take us away from each other again." Promises. Always promises. Empty words meant to give comfort, a false sense of security. Before I could stop them, my eyes began to brim with tears, mirroring Ren's own as I hid my face against his neck. They may have been from the ashes in the air. Or maybe from the sweat, or the blood dripping into my eyes. I tried to tell myself it was anything other than the real cause. I tried to tell myself it wasn't because I was desperate to believe in Ren. "Why did you come back, Ren? Why did you have to come back?" You were safer away from me, I wanted to say. Instead, I lifted my arms to wrap loosely around him, holding him close, trapping him against me. "For you, Hux. I want you, I need you, back." He should have stayed away. He shouldn't have come back here. He should have known better than to come for me. He should have known there was never a way to save me. He should have recognized the soft click of a blaster's safety being turned off. H e should have recognized the sound of a blaster charging. He should have recognized the feeling a blaster muzzle pressed to his temple. Or maybe he did. Maybe he chose to do nothing. "I love you." "I'm sorry." We spoke at the same time, my voice shaking as tears ran down my red cheeks, staining Ren's neck. But Ren- his voice was steady, calm, as he pressed a kiss to my temple. A choked sob wrenched itself from my throat as I squeezed the trigger. Then, there was nothing. No pain, no sound, no tears. It was finally over. We fell to the ground together, limp arms still around each other even as the darkness consumed us. Now, we can really be together. Now, no one can take him from me. Now, no one can separate us. - - - Kylo Ren and former General Brell Hux were found minutes later by General Leia Organa and Rey Skywalker, both having felt his death through the Force. Neither expected the sight they were met with, the two men holding onto each other, not wanting to be separated even now. The blaster, held limply in General Hux's hand, still by Ren's head, made it obvious what had happened. They were more surprised, however, by the tears still staining General Hux's face, as if he regretted his actions, and the content smile spread across Kylo Ren's features, as if he were at peace with his fate. Following Kylo Ren's wishes, his funeral pyre was held on Endor, with only a small gathering of General Organa, Poe Dameron, Finn, as well as Luke and Rey Skywalker. The pyre was lit with former General Hux along side Kylo Ren, and their ashes were spread on Naboo. The true extent of Kylo Ren's and former General Hux's relationship is unknown to anyone but the Skywalker-Organa-Solo family and close friends. However, one thing is for certain. Their loyalty wasn't to the First Order, or the Resistance, or even themselves. Their loyalty was only to each other. Notes: I hate killing off characters so much, but this idea has been bugging me for weeks. It's not how I wanted it to come out, but oh well. I'd love some comments letting me know what you think!