He should have come sooner. He knew the tug in the back of his heart was telling him something, but he couldn't quite understand. He'd drifted to the depths of his mind; to thoughts he'd rather have been eradicated, or non-existent altogether, but his heart refused to let him rid of them. And for that, he was angry but he figured that feeling of dread could help him. Unclear of what it was at the time, he only assumed it would work in his favor—that favor being, helping him completely sever his ties with Ben—no—Kylo Ren. Ben Solo was gone, and he was never coming back. This man who returned to the Resistance after years of absence, was not Ben. He was a monster, and Leia was a fool for letting him return. Yet, Poe's anger wasn't only sparked from his presence, or the fact that he was there. But more so, the rekindled feelings born from just staring in Kylo's direction. One look, and Poe felt his heart flutter the same way it did on Yavin IV all those years ago. Understandably now, he absolutely hated it. Things had only gotten worse when a day prior to this, Kylo had actually spoken to Poe for the first time since he'd returned. A simple “hello” he spoke as they passed one another through the Resistance headquarters , and Poe responded by scolding Kylo, telling him to never speak to him again. This was of course right after he'd called him all sorts of terrible thigs. That next day, when Poe had woken, he still felt that anger from their confrontation, but it was followed by an unexplainable amount of worry and like he concluded earlier, dread. Poe, not sure how to explain it, figured the best way to counter it, was to completely cut off from Kylo, and destroy any emotions he still felt. The only way to do that, the only way to make sure those feelings of love were completely eradicated was by making it clear to Kylo Ren himself, that he didn't forgive, nor love him, and he never would. Not after everything he'd done. So that evening, he set off to Ren's house, prepared to part ways with their past for sure. But not everything was as it seemed, nor as it should have been. Poe, should have come sooner. His mistake was his ignorance, and he knew that ignorance towards the love he felt, would haunt him until the day he died. Because when he entered Ben's house, he expected to see the monster he knew as Kylo Ren, standing there, waiting to excuse himself for the terrors he'd caused. He'd expected to see the creature who had tortured him, without a hint of regret or guilt in his eyes—because after all, how could someone like Kylo feel sympathy for anything he'd caused. He expected to see a demon waiting for him. But Poe was wrong, very wrong. All he saw, was a man motionless on his kitchen floor, draped in the same black clothing that had shrouded him for years. The light from the kitchen window lightly caressed his body, giving his pale face some color, but other than that, he was pale, cold and lifeless. Poe had swallowed deeply right before running to Ben's side. Not completely understanding what was going on, he reached for him, making way to shake him so he could wake. But he paused for a while, confused by his own actions—this was Kylo Ren, was it not. The man who had terrified that galaxy and was even responsible for Poe's torture? But something clicked, and no it wasn't pity or remorse, it was reason. Because all he had to see was the sun reflect off of Kylo's dark hair, and pale face and suddenly, he realized that it wasn't Kylo laying on the floor. It was Ben...and it had always been Ben. And Poe was still in love with him, and he'd never stop loving him. But reality clicked when he continued to shake Ben and realized that nothing was happening. He wasn't moving, he was responding, it didn't even seem like he was breathing. As Poe looked around, he felt the feeling of dread return stronger than it ever had, followed by fear, regret and guilt...and then finally, denial. He wouldn't. Poe thought. But things began to make sense to him; things around Ben's body, things he hadn't realized. A a letter not to far from him...a knife...doused with blood, and a puddle of blood pouring down Ben's wrists, to the floor. His wrists, were by his head, as if he had them in such a position while he slept, yet they only served to make his hair dirty. Poe swallowed deeply as he reached over Ben to take hold of the scribbled note not to far away. He only had to read the first sentence before his heart shattered to a million pieces. As it simply read, “ I should have never been born..” Ben, still sitting near the body, swallowed a dry lump in his throat, already feeling the tears rolling down his cheeks. Now, regretting not coming earlier, all he could do was silently gaze down at Ben, clueless of how to handle the situation. Never had he had a friend who had taken their own life, but that was the thing. Ben wasn't his friend...Ben was so much more, and he'd always be, but now, he was gone. Simply because Poe couldn't come earlier. As he wept in silence, finally cradling Ben's head in his arms, all he could repeat over and over again is that he forgave Ben for leaving, for joining the First Order, and even for the torture. However, Poe, would never forgive Ben for this. Poe would live with this mistake for the rest of his life, and it would continue to ravage him. Yet, no matter what, he would never find it in his heart to forgive Ben for breaking him in the worst way imaginable. Notes: Sorry if this is odd or makes no sense. I'm so tired I wonder if I'll even remember I wrote this...thank you for reading.