“Hux,” he murmured, tracing his fingertips along the man’s bare shoulder, before placing a kiss on it. He smiled softly against Hux’s pale, porcelain skin, brushing his hand down his arm, before resting it on his thigh. Hux sighed softly, not displeased at the light touch, as he leaned back into Ren’s chest. “What is it?” Ren just smiled more, using his free hand to brush Hux’s hair, for once left to be messy, back, delighting in the feel of it running through his fingers. “I love it when you’re like this.” When he allowed himself to fall away from the perfect, not-a-hair-out-of-place appearance. Hux simply hummed in response, tilting his head back just enough to brush his lips over Ren’s jaw. It wasn’t quite a kiss, his lips feather-light against Ren’s skin. Lowering his hand from Hux’s hair, be placed it on his hip, kneading Hux’s hips lightly. Hux sighed again, closing his eyes as he sank back more into Ren. “And I love when you’re like this.” Sometimes, he needed to feel Ren just touch him. Not fuck, not fight, not use the Force, just touch. Feather light, and asking nothing in return. Expecting nothing. Ren slowly fell back onto the bed, taking Hux with him, before slowly sliding up the man’s tank top and pulling it over his head. He placed gentle kisses along Hux’s shoulder, fingertips brushing up and down one arm idly, before taking his hand. He lifted Hux’s hand to press a kiss to his wrist, feeling his steady pulse against his lips. He smiled softly, tracing his fingertip down the bridge of Ren’s nose. Yes, he liked how they were. Hard, fast, rough, burning. But he treasured times like these when they could be soft, slow, gentle. Moments like these kept him warm, rather than burning him with their passion. He knew Ren felt the same. He could feel it in the way the knight leaned into his every touch. They were both starved for a kind touch, having both been denied such luxury growing up. Ren, because Snoke had him believing it made him weak, and Hux because he couldn’t stand for anyone to touch him. Yet here in the arms of this dangerous, deadly monster, he couldn’t have felt more relaxed, more at ease. They were both monsters, both vicious killers in their own ways, but when they were like this, all of that fell away. They were just Hux and Ren. No titles, no expectations. No missions or wars. No demons. Just two lonely men desperate to not be alone anymore. Ren carefully moved out from under Hux, propping himself on his side as he looked down at him. He brushed a stray strand of hair away from Hux’s face, and the man looked up at him. Not curious, not wary, just looking. Waiting. Ren smoothed his hand down Hux’s side, caressing him gently as he leaned down to tilt Hux’s head back, before pressing his lips to the column of his throat. Hux closed his eyes, one hand coming up to Rest on Ren’s shoulder, the other running through his hair. Ren closed his own eyes, humming appreciatively as his hair was touched, leaning into Hux’s hand. The sound made his lips vibrate against Hux’s throat, and Hux smiled softly. He rubbed the back of Ren’s neck, soothing the tenseness with graceful fingers, and then ran those fingers through his hair again. Ren’s hand moved lower, down the side of Hux’s thigh. Both men were left in nothing but silky, loose pants, and Ren’s hand slid over the material easily. He lifted Hux’s leg a bit, prompting him to prop it up. He did, and Ren continued with his light touch that had Hux relaxing more and more into the bed. Ren brushed his lips down Hux’s neck, then down his sternum, pressing kisses to his skin, before kissing his way up to Hux’s ear. He whispered something, some sentimentality, which made Hux smile as he murmured his reply in Ren’s ear. Ren smiled back, kissing the crook behind Hux’s ear. He pushed Hux’s legs apart, settling himself between them, and Hux looked up at him lazily, eyes only partially open. Just enough to see what Ren was doing. Ren leaned down and kissed Hux’s knee, before lowering his leg and resting his hands on his thighs. He kneaded gently at the soft, supple flesh; Hux wasn’t made of corded muscle like he was, hours of relentless training having hardened and toned his physique. Ren had once thought Hux weak for that reason; he didn’t anymore. He found it endearing almost. Often times it only made him hotter to know that someone with such a slight frame could still be so deadly. Hux was a constant reminder that physical strength alone wasn’t everything. Ren was burning with a need to tell Hux something. He didn’t know what, just something. Not that he loved the man, surely. Neither of them knew the meaning of that word. Neither of them could truly appreciate what it was to be loved. Not even that he cared deeply for him. Maybe that he burned for him. Maybe that Hux kept the embers of something inside him alive. Something in a place reserved solely for Hux. Not his heart, of course. He would never keep something such as Hux there. But Hux did have his own corner of Ren that nothing, not even Snoke, could touch. And Hux felt the same, only he knew how to express what he felt, He could sing poetry about just what Ren did to him, speaking eloquently in ways Ren never could. But he didn’t. Instead, he pulled Ren to him for a gentle kiss, just lips brushing against lips, because what they had, what moments like these invoked, was better left unsaid. Because saying it would make it real, and making it real would mean it could be taken away, destroyed. No, what they wad was far better left unsaid. They spoke through their touch. Through soft caresses and gentle kisses. Through slowly exploring each other’s body until they knew it better than their own. Ren lowered himself back to Hux’s side, pulling the man into his chest, foreheads and noses pressed together, eyes closed. No, what they had was better left unsaid, because no words, no matter how poetically sung or eloquently spoken, could truly describe what they had. Notes: I've been writing and reading way to much angst this week, so here, have some space fluff.