Scarce Heard Amid the Guns Below The safest place for me, they kept saying over and over again, was in the Coruscant archives so I (resentfully—us padawans have a history of being resentful) stayed there. Master Luke was missing and we’d converted the archives into a hospital for the wounded Resistance pilots in the meantime. Rather than do what was expected of me, I felt compelled to stay in the archives and work. Emperor Palpatine’s history of the Galactic Empire’s rise was rather dubious and only a few primary sources actually remained from the Clone Wars—the stormtroopers were nothing if not ruthless in destroying information on the Jedi. They just hadn’t counted on Master Obi-Wan being two or three steps ahead of them. He had preserved holotapes from years ago and they fell into the Order’s possession after his death. I’m an anxious historian in a potential war zone, fighting off persistent visions of Master Mace Windu. “You want to tell it, kid. I can tell.” “But Master Luke hasn’t asked that of me—” “So? Somebody needs to tell the story again. It’s the writers of history that are the most important.” “Master Windu, I should be out there doing something right now!” “And fry your hoverchair, Rey? Somebody’s got to put the puzzle together; it’s time we passed the history on to you.” So I sit here, having just woken up in the archive, retelling the rise and ultimate fall of a boy named Anakin Skywalker… I just hope I can tell it right. Chapter 2 : Little Boxes All The Same Summary: "With hindsight…that may have been the root of what destroyed him, if you ask me. Taking him away from his mother. That killed him. Not the war, it was never about the war…” Obi-Wan Kenobi, from what I understand, rarely left his home from the time he exiled himself on Tatooine, but he did interview Anakin Skywalker’s closest friend, Kitster. Odd place to start a history, I know, but the fact of the matter is that Anakin’s birth is a mystery. We know his mother was Shmi Skywalker, a slave, and that he was raised without a father. Speculating does history no real good and we must stick to facts, however inclined we are to romanticize Anakin’s story. A slave’s life in those days was not romantic—Shmi would have to wake early to get the food ready for her Hutt masters, Anakin within reach on a blanket or mat if he needed attention. The Hutts sometimes had as many as fifty adults, plus their spouses and children, in their employ at one time. All were housed in an underground community underneath the Hutt palaces to make the coming and going of people fluid and discreet. (Jabba got lazy about it in later years.) At the age of five, Anakin would have taken up his formal slave duties, but before this could occur Gudella the Hutt lost both Shmi and Anakin in one of those infamous podrace bets. It’s at this point that Kitster offered some insight and memories of his childhood friend, both having been freed from slavery years earlier. “He was a very warm, open-hearted kid; hard to believe, given our circumstances, but he was always…” “Always…” we can hear Obi-Wan prompt on the archived holotape. “Always looking ahead, beyond the present. It never occurred to me that he’d die the way he did. He deserved as much happiness as any of us. Named my kid after him, he’s sleeping in the next room… I don’t know what help I can be to you, Ben…” You can hear his discomfort on the holotape. “Tell me as much as you feel comfortable with, son.” “He loved his mother a hell of a lot. Can I be honest?” “Of course.” “With hindsight…that may have been the root of what destroyed him, if you ask me. Taking him away from his mother. That killed him. Not the war, it was never about the war…” There is an extended pause on the holotape. Way too long, I think. “Kitster?” Obi-Wan prompts gently—always, always gently. “Don’t be afraid, no one will know of this but the two of us, I promise.” “He died the day those Jedi bastards—your brother, right?—took him from Shmi. That was the first fucking thing I thought of when I heard he’d died. I…I…I’m sorry, it’s just… He was a good kid, Ben. Good kids don’t… That’s all those Jedi bastards do, they appear, they tear people’s lives apart and they don’t give bantha shit about the rest of us. Turn the tape off. Please.” “But what do you remember about Anakin as a child?” Obi-Wan persists with the gentle patience so typical of him, from what stories Master Luke tells us. “He was my brother…and I’ve never gotten over losing him. Ever. Now turn the fucking tape off, Ben. If there was darkness in him, I didn’t see it.” Click. -- I stopped typing for a minute. The sun was rising over Coruscant already; hadn’t I just sat down to transcribe the tapes, go over it again, try to find some loophole that would change history as we know it…? We couldn’t, of course; it would always be fluttering behind us like Vader’s cape. Or his breathing machine. “He was mostly machine by the time I knew him,” Master Luke said once when I asked him about it. “It was always the machinery that kept him going.” He had his back to me so I couldn’t see his face and now, in my half-asleep state, I couldn’t help thinking he did that on purpose. Master Luke always did things that baffled me, maybe because I wasn’t Ben Solo and Luke rarely came to check in on those of us at Coruscant. Luke Skywalker being gone was, quite honestly, expected by the rest of us…but the war was not. War is that overly polite, outdated protocol droid that proceeds to leak black, bleeding oil all over the damn place and your furniture. Just so you know, the stains are permanent and you can never, ever, ever get them out. I was twenty-six years old, too young to remember the last conflict but old enough for this one, and I was already beginning to think like an elderly woman. Somehow that made me deeply depressed. I stared blankly at the screen. You look just like me. Same tiredness and slump of the shoulders. This was my favorite place…when I wasn’t dealing with political machinations, of course. Peaceful, isn’t it? Master…I should just give up. We know what happened. I should just give up. Then tell me, young padawan, why you’re still sitting here. It needs to be told. Something is telling me… Could it be the Force? I don’t know, Master Kenobi, and I know I’m not allowed to-- When I was your age and Anakin Skywalker was my pupil, sometimes I would remember something my master told us when I had my moments of doubt…and I had them. Feel, don’t think, and the rest will come by itself. Trust your instincts. Now, it might do you well to go and get a drink. That helps too. I’ll do that, Master. May the Force be with you. Connection with Force ghosts was both a blessing and a curse, but that was normal for a padawan studying to be a Jedi consular. I was just crossing the archive to our makeshift kitchen when my best friend, Dev, came running up to me. “Glad you’re awake, Rey, we’re getting more of Dameron’s wounded in this morning. A lot of them didn’t make the trip back, but we’re rescuing who we can.” “But not Poe himself? Damn, there will be a lot of disappointed people at the docking bay this morning…” I sighed wryly. “He is attractive, I’ll give him that…” “By the stars, not you too. You know that’s not an option for us.” “Oh, he’d be worth breaking vows for if this were peacetime, you know that.” “Can we not discuss Dameron, please? You know, I’ve looked into it and he’s the spitting image of Darth Malak before he turned to the dark side…” “Darth Malak’s a myth, Rey.” “Your ordinary person thinks Master Luke’s a myth,” I pointed out as we finally entered the kitchen, “but we know he’s just a regular person like everybody else.” “Master Luke wasn’t alive and kicking four thousand years ago, though. So what if Poe looks like the guy? That doesn’t make him evil by default.” “Look, I know they haven’t found Master Luke, but what about Ben Solo?” I asked, hastily changing the subject, which is one of my better qualities. “No sign of him either; weird, isn’t it?” Dev brushed her red hair out of her face. “You’d think at least he would still be…but we’ve got to stay grounded.” “Yeah. If we don’t, who will when the people in charge are too wrapped up in their own family history to see the rest of us?” “That was mean of you, Rey.” “It was mean of Luke to abandon us, all of us, and I might as well be the one to say it.” Kitster, much as it pained me to think of it, was right all along…at least about some things. Chapter 3 : When There Were Knights I was grateful our dorms were underneath the archives and relatively isolated from the medical bay; it just felt strange to sleep there. I mean…there were only three of us now from before—me, Dev and Jacen. The halls were eerily quiet when I finally stepped off the elevator and went to my room…but not before running into TC-12, one of the few protocol droids who was still fully functioning. “Mistress Rey, someone awaits you in your room. The Ewok who won’t evacuate the archive. ” “Evacuate is a strong word, TC.” He was silver, slightly rusted and had been built during the Clone Wars, though his memory had been wiped several times. I wished…that wiping mine was so easy. “It’s in my programming, Mistress.” “Of course. Dom hasn’t fucked anything up in here, has he?” I asked, sliding my identification card into the door and gliding into my room—hoverchairs had their advantages. “Because I just got back from lunch and if he—y’know, I’m going to need a translator, so come on in.” “If you say so, Mistress.” “What’s he upset about?” I asked in a low voice. “There’s a distress signal he picked up by mistake—he’s very upset.” I shut the door, then turned on some light music to calm him down. “Hey, fuzzball,” I said, affectionately tugging at his headscarf, “what’s up? Somebody in trouble?” Dom was a tiny little thing, an orphan—his parents had accidentally come to the planet after the Battle of Endor years ago and one of the archivists found him. Like me, Dev and Jacen, he didn’t know anything outside of the archives; he was part of the staff at this point. We were…all that was left from before. Master Luke, Ben and the younger Jedi had all left to establish a Jedi academy; I would’ve been dead by now if I hadn’t insisted on staying to compile historical documents. No one that left came back. “You don’t need me along, Master. Someone needs to transfer history from here to the new place…and Dev and Jacen can help.” “Rey,” Dev had cut in, “I want to go.” “But I can’t trust the archive to one padawan. That just wouldn’t be fair,” Master Luke pointed out. He smiled slightly. “And we are all about fairness here.” That was one of the last times any of us saw Luke Skywalker on Coruscant. “Something’s wrong with Solo,” Jacen muttered as we watched the ship leave. He had grown his thick brown hair out in the style of Qui-Gon Jinn, tying it back in a ponytail. “I didn’t notice anything wrong with him except his usually grating voice…or maybe that’s just me,” I quipped wryly. “I’m serious, Rey. Something’s wrong with him.” “That’s Master Luke’s job to help him,” I retorted, moving away from the window. “They’re family .” “You know what I think,” Jacen said, running to keep up with me. “No, I don’t, I’m not a mind-reader. Yet.” Jacen rolled his hazel eyes at me. “I think you’re jealous of Ben.” “Why would I be jealous of Ben? I have no reason to be jealous of that hotshot—” “Sure you do, Rey. He spends more time with Master Luke than any of us.” “You spent more time with him than me.” “Rey, calm down. That’s over. I don’t care about him anymore. My suspicions were the reason we broke up to start with. At this point, I’m just through with romance after Ben. He’s a liar and not to be trusted.” “I just think he’s weird. Hell hath no fury like a Jedi scorned,” I remarked. “Hush, you.” “It’s not in my programming to hush.” “It can too be in your programming.” “Then put it there!” It was long ago. We were young. Ben never came back and…here we were now in the middle of a war and oh, yeah, Dom had something important to tell me. “He says he’s found a beacon in one of the databanks, Mistress,” TC translated. “It told all Jedi to stay away from Coruscant.” “Well, duh, the First Order could attack at any—” Dom interrupted me in Ewokese. “He says it’s very old,” TC explained, “and he would like you to see it.” As would I. Master, stop getting into my head! Well, how else am I supposed to talk to you? Manifesting my presence takes more work. Go back upstairs. I just had lunch, Master Kenobi. So? If I have to read the phrase “bring balance to the Force” one more-- You’ll want to intercept this one. It’ll help with your project. Fine. No one else can do this but you…and someone has to. Dom anxiously led the way back to the elevator I had just left, TC and I bringing up the rear. “This had better be good…” I muttered. You’ve got to write history, Rey. Who else is going to? Sometimes I couldn’t tell the difference between Master Kenobi and my own subconscious. No one thinks about writing any of this down in the middle of a war. We’re going to get it right. Can’t I just write a song about it? …No. I was joking, Master. I would hope so. It’d be a lot faster. Rey, please drop the subject. Yes, sir. “I’m sure it will be, Mistress,” TC said as we went back to the main archive, Dom still taking the lead. He suddenly turned to TC and both of them began to talk in Ewokese. “He’s asking if we can really trust a Sith with this information. I have no idea what he means.” “He means…that I have Sith blood in my family. There was a female Sith in my family that turned to the Light and married an Imperial war hero, but that was…thousands of years ago. It’s my favorite family story; they were deeply in love and… Dom, just show me what you’re talking about. I’m not like my great-great-great-great-grandmother Brienne.” “There should be a lot more ‘greats’ in there, Mistress, if it was thousands of years—” “TC?” “Yes, Mistress?” “Shut up. Okay, Dom, pull up the beacon, please…” My brow furrowed. “Clone Wars files are attached to this beacon? Nobody talks about the Clone Wars anymore…or Anakin Skywalker. Let me save them to the databank and get back to work…” Rey, it’s not just Anakin’s story you’re telling. It’s mine, too. Well, Master Kenobi, where does it start? A long, long time ago in a galaxy far away… Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 7 of the The Jedi Archives series Next Work →