Introduction Welcome to Choose Your Own Smut. This story is going to be modeled like a choose your own adventure book, but instead of adventure, you'll find smut. Lots of smut. I will also be taking some ideas, so comment. Most of the pairings will be lesbian, but there may be some straight stuff. Enjoy. If you like Doctor Who, turn to chapter 2. If you like Marvel Comics, turn to chapter 3. (In Progress) If you like DC Comics, turn to chapter 4. (In Progress) If you like Harry Potter, turn to chapter 5. (In Progress) If you like Star Wars, turn to chapter 6. (In Progress) Chapter 2 "About time you showed up! Something's wrong with the time stream!" The Doctor says, fiddling with the console of the TARDIS. "I need you to go find my companion. She's probably in the bedroom or something. Please hurry! Everything may be at stake!" You rush into the hall and quickly find the bedroom. You open the door and inside you find the Doctor's companion. If you find Amy Pond, turn to 7. (Explicit) (Threesome, F/F/M) If you find Clara Oswin Oswald, turn to 8. (Explicit) (Roleplay,) If you find Rose Tyler, turn to 9. (Explicit) (Mutual Masturbation, 69) Chapter 3 "About time you showed up! Somethings wrong, I need you to go find someone to evacuate New York before things get out of hand and people get hurt." Nick Fury yells at you through your SHEILD phone. "Quickly, people's lives are at stake!" If you go to Stark Tower, turn to chapter 10. (Explicit) (Threesome, F/F/F, Strap-On) If you go to find Spider-Man, turn to chapter 11. (Explicit) (Foursome, F/F/F/F, Tentacles, Non consent) If you go to the Baxter Building, turn to chapter 12. (Explicit) (F/F, Alley Sex) If you go to X-Mansion, turn to chapter 13. (Explicit) (Orgy, Six Females) If you go to Hells Kitchen, turn to chapter 14. (Explicit) (Drunk Sex, Double Penetration, Strapons) If you go to the Secret SHIELD bunker, turn to chapter 15. (Explicit) Chapter 4 "About time you showed up! Someone just broke out of Arkham, but the guards have no idea how, they just appeared outside of their cell." Batman grumbles to you though your bat-phone as you sit on a gargoyle above Arkham. "Capture them while I review the camera recordings to try and figure out what happened." You swoop down from your perch and enter the creepy asylum. As you enter the cell block, you see who escaped. If it is Harley Quinn, turn to chapter 16. (Explicit) If it is Poison Ivy, turn to chapter 17. (Explicit) If it is Catwoman, turn to chapter 18. (Explicit) Chapter 5 "About time you showed up! Something strange is happening around us, can you feel it?" Dumbledore says, "I feel like it is coming from one of the common rooms, so I need you to go investigate." You turn to go search the houses, which one will you go to? Griffindor, turn to chapter 19. (Explicit) Slytherin, turn to chapter 20. (Explicit) Hufflepuff, turn to chapter 21. (Explicit) Ravenclaw, turn to chapter 22. (Explicit) The Dark Woods, turn to chapter 23. (Explicit) Chapter 6 "About time you showed up!" C-3PO panics. "Luke is missing and we need him! He went to a planet, but we don't know which one! Ghost Ben keeps rambling along about 'the force is in imbalance' and blah blah blah. I don't even know how I can see him. Please find Master Luke!" Search Jakku, turn to chapter 24. (Explicit) Search Coruscant, turn to chapter 25. (Explicit) Search Hoth, turn to chapter 26. (Explicit) Search Ryloth, turn to chapter 27. (Explicit) Chapter 7 You look into the bedroom and see Amy, but you also see Rory, and they are going at it. Like animals. You take a moment to observe the scene, acknowledging the heat building in your nether regions, when Amy sees you. "Shit Rory, we're not alone." "Doctor! Oh, um we were... You're not the Doctor. Who are you?" "Does it matter? She's hot. Would you like to join us?" "Of course!" You say. "Then get naked. Let me see those titties." Amy commands while playing with her own. You strip off your clothes and pounce on Amy, burying your head in Amy's taint, producing a purr from the redhead. As you are eating Amy out, you feel something you haven't felt before. You feel Rory stick his round member right into your asshole. The initial pleasure nearly overwhelms you, but you keep going. Licking Amy's neat folds and flaps, being penetrated from behind. It was so hot. "Ohh yeah, you're good at this. Really good. Ahh." Amy moans. "Her little arse is so tight and round. I barely fit." Rory says. "Let's change this up. Rory lay on the bad. You sit on his face." You both obey the horny redhead and you sat on Rory's face. Amy then sat on Rory's erect cock. From a combination of Rory's tongue on your clit to watching Amy bounce on Rory's dick, you reach your peak. "I'm coming!" You shout as your juices ooze onto Rory's face. "Me too!" Amy shouts, squirting all over Rory and his dick. "Amy, suck me off!" Rory begs. You and Amy dismount Rory and Amy begins to blow her husband. Knowing that Rory's member went from your ass to Amy's mouth is kind of gross, yet hot. "Oh yeah babe, just like that. Here it comes!" Amy pulls you closer to Rory's cock as his cum shoots out, covering you and Amy's beautiful face. "Ahh..." Rory moans as Amy licks the cum from your face. "The Doctor wanted you two to go to the console room." You say. "Well, we better not keep him waiting any longer." Rory says, putting his pants back on. ------------------------------------------ Once the three of you are back in the control room, the Doctor begins to ramble. "Everything is wrong! Worlds are colliding! Nothing is sacred! Bloody Hell!" "What can we do?" You ask the timelord. "Nothing, we just wait until something happens. To be continued! Chapter 8 You walk in and see Clara Oswald. She is standing by a dresser with a towel wrapped around her. She is looking for clothes. A strange urge comes over you. You sneak behind Clara and snake your hands around her, grabbing her perky little boobs. "Ah, I see. Give me a moment." Clara says, taking your hands off and moving towards the bed. She pulls a chest out from under the bed and opens it, revealing a teachers outfit, glasses and all. "You've been a naughty girl, haven't you." Clara said, finally dressed in her slutty teacher outfit. She looked at me through her glasses. "I'm going to make sure you learn your lesson so you never end up in detention again." "Yes, Clara." You say. Clara slaps you. "You will call me Miss Oswald, and no talking in detention! Now take off your uniform." You shed your clothes and sit on the bed. "Here's the deal. You stay out of detention, I'll reward you. For example, if you go one week without a detention, I'll give you a nice little dance." Clara begins to dance in front of you, moving in a way that makes her boobs bounce and highlights her ass. She moves toward you and sits on your lap. She gropes herself slowly, making exaggerated faces of pleasure. Then, she takes your head and shoves it into her bust. "Go two weeks and I'll finger your tight little kitty." Clara them demonstrates by taking two fingers and rubs them around your opening, feeling the moisture that has already built up. "You're really wet, aren't you." You nod, desperately hoping that she will shove her fingers, and her hand, and as much as she can inside you, and she does. Clara shoves her two fingers inside you, welcomed by a delightful squish sound. She begins pumping in and out of your opening, sending ecstasy throughout your body. "Oh yeah Miss Oswald! Don't stop!" You moan, causing her to pull out and slap you with her soggy hand. "What did I say about talking!" She says. Clara then licks the juices from between her middle and index fingers, teasing you. "If you go three weeks, you can sit on my face. BUT, since you broke the no talking rule, I won't demonstrate that one. Go four weeks and we can scissor. Lay down." You lay down, eager to have her lips rub against yours. Clara takes off her skirt, revealing her pretty kitty and lack of underwear. She situates herself between your legs and begins to gyrate. "You feel so good. How do I feel?" Clara says, trying to get you to talk. You nod your head in approval. "Good girl. You passed. Your reward? You get to cum, but not yet. You must wait for me to count down. Got it? Good. 10." You don't know if you can make it that long, but your a little scared to disobey Clara. "9." You look into Clara's brown eyes and see that she is watching you intently, waiting to see when you'll crack. "8." Clara is so hot. You admire her perky tits as they bounce and her cleanly shaven taint. "7." Clara's countdown seems to be lasting ages. "5. You may now talk." Considering how Clara skipped six, you infer that she is also getting close. "4." "3." "Yes, Miss Oswald, keep going!" "2. Say may name. My real name. 1. Cum." "CLARA!" You yell as you squirt your juices between the two of you. With the added lubrication, Clara picks up her speed. "Shit yes!" Clara yells, coming as well. Feeling Clara's juices makes you come one more time. When you were both finally done, Clara looks at you. "Did you learn your lesson?" She asks "I'm never going to get a detention again." "Good girl." "The Doctor wants you to meet him in the console room." "Ok. Let's go. ------------------------------------------ Once the two of you are back in the control room, the Doctor begins to ramble. "Everything is wrong! Worlds are colliding! Nothing is sacred! Bloody Hell!" "What can we do?" You ask the timelord. "Nothing, we just wait until something happens. To be continued! Chapter 9 You walk into the bedroom and see Rose Tyler laying in the bed. You think she's taking a nap, but on closer inspection, see that she is indeed very active. "Oh yeah Doctor. Right there." She mutters. You approach Rose, careful not to attract her attention as she fingers herself. You sit in a chair near the bed and take off your skirt. Rose looks so peaceful as she pleasures herself. You begin to rub yourself, imagining Rose in control. "Keep going Rose." You moan, alerting the blonde to your presence. "Holy shit! How long have you been...there...are you rubbing yourself?" Rose asks. "Maybe I was, just a little." You admit. "Well, I wasn't finished..." "Neither was I." You pounce on Rose, pinning her to the bed. "I've been looking forward to this moment since the moment I met you." You say to the horny blonde. "Less talking, more kissing." Rose shuts you up by capturing your lips in a kiss. As you begin to rub Rose's clit, she snakes her tongue into your mouth. Feeling her broken gasps and tongue in your mouth turns you on so much, you hardly notice that you're dripping on Rose's smooth belly. "We can't just leave you without attention now can we. How about you turn around and let me see that bubbly ass of yours." You obey and sit yourself on the blondes pretty face. You then bend over and get to work on the blondes kitty. You can taste the juices secreting from Rose and wonder if you're as wet as she is. "Mmph mmph!" Rose murmurs. You have no idea what she said due to the fact that her tongue is deep inside you, licking all around. "Oh yeah Rose! Just like that! I'm going to come! You're gonna make me come!" You yell. Rose smacks your bubbly booty, causing you to break and your juices to coat Rose's face. Feeling your warm, sticky liquid on her face causes her to also release all the pressure that was building within her, squirting her fluids all over your anxious face. Once both you and Rose settle down, the two of you passionately kiss and lick the fluids of each other's beautiful faces. "Also," You say, pulling away from the blonde. "The Doctor wanted us in the console room." "Fine." Rose grumbles, I guess we should clean up." ------------------------------------------ Once the two of you are back in the control room, the Doctor begins to ramble. "Everything is wrong! Worlds are colliding! Nothing is sacred! Bloody Hell!" "What can we do?" You ask the timelord. "Nothing, we just wait until something happens. To be continued! Chapter 10 You report straight to Stark Tower to ask the Avengers for help. "Mr. Stark? Is anyone here?" You yell, looking for any sign of the super hero team. "Hello. I am Jarvis. How may I assist you?" Stark's AI asks, its voice coming from no discernible location. "Hi, I'm looking for the Avengers, are they here?" "The only Avenger here is Ms. Romanov. Ms. Potts is also present. Shall I lead you to their location?" "Yes please." You follow Jarvis into a meeting room. You see Pepper Potts working behind a desk and Natasha Romanov lounging on a couch reading a magazine. "I'm sorry, but Director Fury assigned me with gathering the Avengers. Do you know where they are?" "They're a little busy. In space." Natasha says without even looking up from her magazine. "Do you know when they'll return?" "Nope." "Oh, I see..." You say. You're about to leave the room when Pepper speaks. "They should be back relatively soon, unless they stop for Shawarma. You can stay here until they return of you'd like." "Thank you. That's very kind of you." You sit down in a chair across from where the Black Widow relaxes. "So, Miss, what are you into?" Pepper asks. You don't know why, but you can't stop yourself from blurting out. "Girls." Instantly, every alarm goes off in your head. You see the look of shock on Pepper's face. Even Natasha looks at you. "What a coincidence," Natasha says, putting her magazine down. As she stands up, you notice how exposed her DD cup boobs are in her tight leather jumpsuit. "I was just talking to Pepper about how horny I am. Have you ever been with a redhead?" "Have you ever been with two?" Pepper says, standing up from her desk. To your amazement, when Pepper stands up, you see she wasn't wearing a skirt and was actually completely exposed waist down. "What? You can't expect a girl to just sit still all day." Pepper says, acknowledging your stares. By now, Natasha has taken position and tears open your SHIELD pants at the crotch and sticks two fingers inside your moist opening. "Ohh yeah." You moan as pleasure shoots through you. You barely notice Pepper taking a dildo from her desk due to the attention Natasha is giving to your sex. You know you're already wet, but Natasha spits on her hand and inserts another finger. Meanwhile, Pepper has attached the dildo to a strap on and inserts herself into Natasha. "Ready for round two?" "Oh yes!" Natasha yells in ecstasy as Pepper begins thrusting in and out of Natasha. Natasha pulls her dripping fingers out , then replaces them with her tongue. You can feel her tongue against your inner walls, but you want more. You grab the back of the redhead's head and push it closer to your core, so close that you feel her nose against your clit. For a moment, you look up to see Pepper thrusting into Natasha, her B cups bouncing with the momentum, her face in a lustful state, focusing on her prosthetic member entering the super spy and the way her ass jiggled with every thrust. "Keep going Natasha! Don't stop!" You moan, hand groping her tits. "Mhmmm mhm mm." Natasha mumbles, her warm breath bringing you closer to an orgasm. "Mhmm mmhm mhm MHMM!" Natasha screams into you as she creams on Pepper's strap on. The sudden rush of air and vibrations set you off as well. As the pleasure of release flows through your body, you squirt your stuff all over Natasha's awaiting face. You look up and see Natasha, face covered in your juices, sucking her cream off of Pepper's fake member. ------------------------------------------------------- After everyone has cleaned up, Director Fury calls back. "I hope you've found someone who can help. Mr. Stark, Banner, Richards and Fitz have done some research and whatever is happening, it has to do with time, so start evacuating the city or else people are going to get hurt. Fury out." "Well then ladies, guess play times over. Time to get to work." Chapter 11 You go to the house of Peter Parker, aka Spider-Man. After the Civil War when Peter revealed his identity, SHIELD placed his house and all of his loved ones in one large house so it could be protected. As you enter, you notice some strange marks on the walls, as if something with claws had been here. "Hello? Is anyone here?" You call out, searching the house. "In here!" A voice calls out. You enter a bedroom and see a blonde girl tied to a bed, but not in a kinky way, a restraining way. "What the hell is this?" You ask shocked. A redhead looks at you. She's wearing tight blue jeans and a t-shirt with Spider-Man in a heart, but the neck was so low, you could see a lot. You caught yourself staring when the redhead speaks. "My name is Mary Jane Watson, are you with SHIELD?" "Yes, I'm looking for Peter. Do you know where he is?" "No, sorry." "If I may ask, why is she tied up?" "I work at Oscorp. You remember how the radioactive spider have Peter his powers? Well, I got bit by a radioactive rabbit." The blonde says, strained. "I'm afraid I don't follow." You ask confused. "She's super horny." "Oh dear." "We're hoping it will pass. Hopefully." "So..." "I think this is a little cruel. I think we should let her go, let her have her fun. What do you think Gwen?" A voice comes from somewhere. Suddenly, a white haired woman in a black leather jumpsuit pops up from under the bed and cuts the rope holding Gwen with claws. Gwen gets up, looks around, and pulls a dildo from under a pillow. Looking at Mary Jane, she commands, "Get busy, or I'll bite you." Gwen threatens, holding the dildo to the redhead. "Fine." Mary Jane snatches the dildo and puts it in Gwen's snatch. "Good bitch. Just like that." Gwen purrs. "This is all good and fun, but I think my little friend can add a little something." Black Cat says as she pulls a vial out of a hidden pocket. The vial is filled with a pink ooze. "They call it Ecstasy, and it's not the drug. It's a new Symbiote they found. I may have pinched it." She says with a wink. "Don't! Symbiote are uncontrollable, it will consume you." Mary Jane warns, still thrusting into Gwen. "Eh, who cares." Felicia says as she opens the vial. Immediately, it jumps out of the vial and lands on not Felicia, but Mary Jane. "No!" She screams as the ooze spreads across her chest, entering her mouth, but leaving the rest of the face alone. You swear her eyes turn pink. "Thank you for freeing me and giving me such a sexy host. I do love redheads, but I think her chest can be bigger, don't you?" The thing speaks in a terrible voice mixed with Mary Jane's as the redhead's bust expands. The Symbiote has spread across the redhead, cutting off at the thighs and shoulders so it looked like she was wearing a living pink swimsuit. "Now I'll get to work, are you three ready?" Ecstasy/Mary Jane says as multiple tentacles sprout from her back. "Oh Fu-" Felicia is about to say when a tentacle shoots into her mouth. More tentacle punch through her leather jump suit and penetrates the cat burglar. Some tentacles wrap around your limbs, lifting you into the air. Two tentacle tear through your SHIELD pants and enter your holes. As the tentacles penetrate you and Felicia, Gwen realizes that the dildo deep inside her hasn't moved. Sitting up, the blonde observes the scene before her. She sees the pink tentacles thrusting in and out of your holes, juices dripping from your taint. She sees the look of pleasure and pain on your face, and the same on Black Cat. "I didn't say that you could stop, so get going!" Gwen commands, pulling the dildo out of her and handing it to Ecstasy. "Oh, my poor little bunny, I can do so much better than that." Ecstasy purrs as she knocks the dildo out of the blondes hand. More tentacles sprout and rush towards Gwen's opening, already wet and open. "Oh yes!" Gwen screams as a tentacle plunges deep inside her. "Yes! Oh God YES!" "Agh!!" Ecstasy yells, as if in pain. This reaction reminds you of what you learned at the academy, Symbiotes are weakened by sound, and orgasms are loud. "Oh... Oh yeah," you moan, crescendoing your shouts of pleasure. "Hell Yeah! I love it" Ecstasy is obviously affected by the moans of you and Gwen. You just hope Felicia can take the hint. She does. "Oh yes Mary, please don't stop!" She yells. "I'm..." "...gonna..." "...CUM!!!" The three of you yell, spraying your juices and causing the Symbiotes to fall off of Mary Jane. "Hell yeah!" Felicia says, "That was some smart thinking." "Now, to solve that bunny problem." You say, turning to Gwen. "About that...um...Mary, I was lying about the whole bunny thing, I just needed someone to, you know... I wasn't expecting it to get so out of hand." Mary Jane looks at the blonde. "I know. I've had fantasies of tying you down and...stuff." "So, there's no real problem here?" You ask, confused. "No, not anymore." You're about to freak out when Director Fury calls back. "I hope you've found someone who can help. Mr. Stark, Banner, Richards and Fitz have done some research and whatever is happening, it has to do with time, so start evacuating the city or else people are going to get hurt. Fury out." "Well then, contact me when Peter gets back." Chapter 12 You go straight to the Baxter building to find the Fantastic Four. After a couple of poor public viewings (they made some bad films), they had to go find some normal jobs. Johnny went to go work in a pizza house, as the stove. Ben became a hero for hire with his friend Luke Cage, and Reed went to go work at a nearby college. They did what they could and they accepted the jobs they had, but nobody knew what Susan did. She would just disappear for extended periods of time. Reed was always busy with the schoolwork and failed to notice, like usual, but the other two were worried. As you enter the Baxter building, you are informed that no one is present. As you leave, wondering what to do, you see a suspicious figure in an alleyway. You decide to investigate. As you walk down the alley, you see...no one. As you search the alley, you feel something along your belt. You look down and see a pouch had been opened and a wad of cash floats out. As you grab it out of the air, you feel flesh, like a hand. "Sue? Susan Storm?" You ask, grabbing the money. Suddenly, a blonde woman in a tight blue jumpsuit appears. "I'm sorry, but I need money, please." Sue begs. Her hair is a mess, she's dirty and her jumpsuit is tattered. "I'll do anything for that money, please." "Anything?" "Anything, especially what you're thinking." Sue says, reaching a hand towards your crotch. "Won't people see us?" "Not if I put a shield around us, it'll be just you and me." "Perfect." You purr as Sue pulls down your SHIELD pants, exposing your glistening taint. "Surprisingly, not the first time I've exchanged sexual favors for money." "That's not surprising. Ooohh..." You moan as Sue begins to tongue your folds, sending pleasure through you. As Susan continues probing you with her tongue, you moan and grab your tits. "Just like that!" "You taste so good!" The blonde murmurs from between your legs. "Keep going, I'm almost there!" "You taste so good!" You finally reach your peak. "Ahhhh! Shit yeah!" You scream as you squirt on the blondes rarely visible face. "So, why is a fancy agent of SHIELD at the Baxter building?" You're about to answer her when Fury calls. "I hope you've found someone who can help. Mr. Stark, Banner, Richards and Fitz have done some research and whatever is happening, it has to do with time, so start evacuating the city or else people are going to get hurt. Fury out." "I see," the invisible woman says, "Fury is paranoid. Don't worry I'll assemble the team." "Thanks." You say as you go to meet the Fantastic Four. Chapter 13 You go to X-Mansion, the home of the X-Men. As you knock on the door, you're greeted by the friendly face of Jean Gray. "Hello there. Can I help you?" The redheaded psychic asks, "You need help? Well, not everyone is here, but you can choose from those of us here." She says before you can respond. "That'll work." "Of course it will." You enter the mansion and are greeted by four more mutant babes. "Let me introduce you to the X-Women. This is Mystique, she can turn into other people. This is Emma Frost, she has the gift of telepathy. This is Kitty Pryde, she can walk through solid objects, and this is..." "Katie. I'm Katie." The busty brunette introduces herself. "And what can you do?" You ask, noticing how she is obviously not wearing a bra. "I can..." Suddenly, you feel heat building in your nether regions, your underwear becoming wet with your juices. "She can control the functions of one's body, from there heartbeat, to there ability to breathe, to..." "To how horny they are." Emma says. "Emma! We have a guest! That type of language will not be tolerated here." "Oh baby, don't you ever just have fun." Emma says, seductively walking towards Jean, then placing a hand gently on the side of her face. There are a few moments where the two talk in telepathy. "Hey Katie, give her a good feeling." "Katie, don't you d-! Ohhh... Katie stAHHHP! Oh dear." Jean moans as Katie provides her with an orgasm beyond any she's had before. "What about you three? Are you up for an orgy?" Emma asks, pointing at you, Kitty and Mystique. "I don't know..." Kitty hesitates. Jean waves her arm and suddenly Kitty phases through her leotard. Mystique shifts into a nude Jennifer Lawrence. Mystique had a strange inexplainable obsession with the actress, but no one ever questioned her about it. Suddenly, the five mutants were looking at you for your approval, even though Jean would cause you to say yes no matter what. You look around the room. Mystique and Kitty are already groping each other, Jean is looking dead into your eyes, her juices visibly dripping from the bottom of her green leotard, and Emma was whispering something into Katie's ear. "Sure, why not." You say, unzipping your S.H.E.I.L.D. uniform, exposing your tits to the mutants. "This is gonna be hot." Emma cheers before pushing Katie onto a near by coach and stripping off her white costume as fast as she could. "Oh Kitty, lick that kitty!" Mystique/Jennifer moans as she holds the teens head against her taint. You look at Jean, who is slightly floating in the air and completely naked. Everyone is naked, including you. Jean floats up high enough so her cunt was at eye level. "Almost reflexively, you move forward and get to work on the redhead. You move your tongue around the walls of the telepath, tasting the juices that ooze from within. Suddenly, Jean yells, but not in pleasure. "The team is coming back! We need to end this now!" Katie, her fingers deep within Emma, knows what to do. "Ok, get ready for this." Katie focuses. Everyone feels extreme pleasure, more than they've felt before. Kitty is the first to cum, squirting all over Mystique/Jennifer, causing her to cum as well. "Ahhh!! Shit!" Emma comes hard, coating Katie's fingers. "Mmmmm!" Jean yells as she sprays your face with her juices, setting you off. "AHHHH!!!" You scream, Jean's warm cum in your mouth. "Oh yeah!" Katie yells, finally getting to the point of orgasm. "Well that was fun wasn't it?" Katie says, sucking Emma's cum from her fingers. "So why did you come here?" Professor X asks. It's been about 7 minutes since everyone's climax, just enough time to clean up and make everything look in order. You're about to answer him when Fury calls. "I hope you've found someone who can help. Mr. Stark, Banner, Richards and Fitz have done some research and whatever is happening, it has to do with time, so start evacuating the city or else people are going to get hurt. Fury out." "I see. Well then. I'll assemble the X-Men." Chapter 14 You arrive at the office of the famous PI of Hell's Kitchen, Jessica Jones. Due to Hell's Kitchen being far away from the S.H.I.E.L.D base, you arrive later in the day. You open the door and observe the broken apartment. With holes in the wall and bottles scattered about, the office is seen as unprofessional, but you know Jessica can get the job done. "Ms. Jones?" You call out. "Who the hell is in my office." You hear a voice yell from somewhere in the apartment. "I'm busy having sex with my best friend." The voice slurs. You follow it back to Jessica's bedroom, where you observe quite the scene. Jessica Jones is there with her legs in between those of Patricia Walker. Neither of them are wearing clothes and there are bottles scattered about. "Come back again later. *hic* I'm busy making Trish come again." The PI hiccups as she gyrates her waist, rubbing their two kitties together. "Oh, but Jess, she's *hic* cute." Trish says, biting her bottom lip to help hold back the pleasure. "Trish, you know I don't do cute." Jessica slurs, still not looking at you. "I'm so hot, even Daredevil can see it." "Oh la la." Jessica says, finally looking at you. "I think I'll allow you to join us if you get that stupid uniform off. And take a drink. We've got vodka or something somewhere." You obey and immediately start stripping off your uniform. Once you're completely nude, you find a bottle of cheap vodka and takes a sip. It tastes like shit, but it will get the job done. A couple swigs of vodka later, you are hammered. You are currently sitting on the face of Patricia as Jessica Rams a long, thick strap on in and out of Patricia's begging kitty. You could tell Trish knew what she was doing since she seemed to hit every spot, sending wave after wave of ecstasy through your intoxicated body, and Jessica's rapid penetration of Trish definitely didn't hurt your arousal. Hearing the constant slap and feeling the moans of the woman below you against your clit really made you wet. You feel close when suddenly, Jessica commands you to get off of Trish and lay down. You follow partly because she's intimidating, partly because you can't stand up. You notice Trish puts on a strap on, and you no what's going to happen, and since you can't think straight, you have no reason to disagree. With a single nod, Trish puts her plastic member in your mouth and Jessica thrusts into you. Her power in the back and Trish's care in the front contrast nicely, but you can't ignore the inevitable. Jessica keeps plunging deeper and deeper into you, and the sensuality in Trish's eyes are overwhelming. You begin clenching and with one last thrust from behind, you let it all go, coating Jessica's fake member. "Well that was fun." You say. "You're not done. Now it's our turn." Jessica says, handing you the strap ons and laying down next to Trish, her pale skin contrasting against Trish's. You detach the two dildos and plug one into both of the waiting women, earning a moan from each. You begin thrusting the plastic cocks in and out, rubbing their clits when possible. "Ohh shit!" Trish says, grabbing her tits. "Mmmm..." Jessica moans, sucking on her middle finger. Trish is obviously closer to finishing then Jessica, so you devise a plan. You rapidly increase the pace of Patricia's thrusting, hoping to push her over, and you do. She screams as she comes, but when she's done, the drunk woman lays back and tries to catch her breath. Since she won't need it anymore, you pull out of Trish and, using the second dildo, slide it into Jessica's asshole. "Ah! You filthy slut! I love it!" Jessica yells as you begin thrusting the plastic cocks in both of Jessica's holes. "Oh shit yes!" Jessica moans, grabbing the sheets as hard as she can, biting her lip. "I would back away quickly when she finishes." Trish warns you, rubbing Jessica's nipples with her pinky finger. "Oh, oh, OH, ah, AH! Shiiiitt!" Jessica yells. You step away just as the two dildos shoot out of Jessica, hitting the wall. "That was great." Trish sighs. "So why were you here?" Jessica asks, breathing heavily, her breasts rising with every breath. You're about to answer her when Fury calls. "I hope you've found someone who can help. Mr. Stark, Banner, Richards and Fitz have done some research and whatever is happening, it has to do with time, so start evacuating the city or else people are going to get hurt. Fury out." "Oh, Superhero stuff. I'll see what I can do." Chapter 15 You go to the secret S.H.I.E.L.D. bunker that housed Coulson and his team. Few people know about this bunker, especially the Avengers, so that the reputation of the agency is tested more than it was. As you enter, you first go to the girls living quarters. If anyone is going to be able to help, it's going to be the Inhuman, Daisy Johnson. As you enter, you see three inhabitants, Daisy, Bobbi and Jemma. Daisy is reading a magazine, Bobbi is taking a nap, and Jemma is fiddling with a canister of some sort. "Excuse me, Daisy? I came here to talk to you about..." "Shit!" Jemma yells as her canister explodes into a big cloud of gas. After the gas disperses and the coughing ends, you look around. Daisy looks as confused as you are, but Jemma just looks shocked. "What the hell was that?!" Skye shouts at Jemma. "I thought it was dead. I didn't think that would have been possible." Jemma explains. "Well, what was it? What was the gas?" "I'm not sure, does anyone feel strange?" You had noticed an arousal down south, but you weren't sure if it was because of the gas or the stunning beauty of the nerdy redhead and tough brunette before you. "Umm... I do feel, kinda tingly." Daisy says, unsure. Suddenly, the three of you hear a moaning coming from Bobbi's bunk. Looking over, you see Bobbi, groping herself with one hand, and rubbing herself with the other, her face in an arrangement of pure ecstasy. Mmmm..." Bobbi moans. You hear movement and notice Daisy has taken her top off. "Jemma, I'm so horny." Daisy says, shoving a hand down her pants. "The gas was apparently a biological agent that messes with the reproductive system by..." Jemma tries to explain. "I don't care about your science." Daisy says, getting out of her bed and resting a hand on Bobbi's clit. "I just need to hear Bobbi scream." Daisy says as she uses her power against Bobbi's clit. The sudden force against her most sensitive spot causes Bobbi to instantly cum, soaking her pants with her juices. As you enjoy Bobbi's release, you feel pressure against your cunt. Jemma had stripped herself down and was beginning to rub you from the outside of your shield uniform. You capture the redheads lips within your own in a kiss as Jemma continues to rub you. The gas had made you wet down below, and it pleased Jemma as her hand entered your pants and she felt the moisture around your kitty. You notice Bobbi wake up to Daisy sitting on her face, anxiously waiting for Bobbi to feast on her ass as she used her powers on herself and Bobbi. Jemma pulls away from the kiss and pushes you onto a nearby bunk. You quickly take off your uniform as Jemma situated herself between your legs, so her cunt is resting on yours. Jemma begins to gyrate her hips, rubbing herself against you. You run your hands from Jemma's tits, down her smooth, slender body, to her wonderful hips. Feeling her womanhood rub against yours, and seeing the look of pure ecstasy on the scientists face makes you wetter then you thought was possible, and you can tell Jemma feels the same way. "This feels so good." Jemma moans, running her hands through her red hair. With the friction generated by Jemma to Bobbi's moans coming from inside Daisy, to Daisy's pouty face as she tries to hold off the urge to come, you know you can't hold on much longer. "Jemma...I'm close." You moan in between gasps and whimpers. "I'm right there with you." The English redhead moans. "I'm waiting on you love birds!" Daisy yells, nearly on the brink. Bobbi continues to eat Daisy's wonderful round ass, and with one final moan into her butt, Daisy goes off, she screams as she comes on Bobbi's face. Because of her sudden jump in feeling, her powers jump in force, setting off Bobbi to squirt her juices. You can't hold anymore and, along with Jemma, cum hard. "Oh shit!" You yell as your juices splatter against Jemma's pelvis and begin to mix with the scientists own cream. It takes a couple minutes for everyone to catch their breaths. "Hey Jemma, I think the gas wore off." Daisy proudly states, still nude. "Fascinating. So why did you come down here?" Jemma asks you. You're about to answer when Fury calls. "I hope you've found someone who can help. Mr. Stark, Banner, Richards and Fitz have done some research and whatever is happening, it has to do with time, so start evacuating the city or else people are going to get hurt. Fury out." "I see. We'll do our best." Daisy says, suiting up. Chapter 16 Harley Quinn is standing there, in the middle of the main room. She's facing away from you, so you assume that she hasn't seen you yet. You sneak up behind her and realize she's really still. She literally hasn't moved. Suddenly you feel a hammer smash against the side of your head and everything goes black. You wake in a straight jacket. Harley is looking at you while chewing gum. "Well, well, well, look who decided to drop by. It's Miss Pretty Titty!" She says. You see your uniform in the corner and realize that Harley must have taken your clothes off before putting you in the straight jacket. Harley crouches down and rubs a hand against your sex. "You like that, don't you, ya little slut! Hehe." Harley giggles as she increases her rubbing speed. "I'm going to make you scream like someone sat you in the electric chair. I really like this jacket design, it leaves the cunt nice and open. Haha." "Shut up and eat me." You command. "Aye aye captain!" Harley salutes, then plunges her face into your kitty, her ponytails, hanging behind her. Once you get past the sudden shock and confusion, you start to enjoy it. You've always wished for this in the back of your mind, with her ass hanging out like it does, who didn't? She obviously knew what she was doing as well. She seemed to hit all the spots that provided the most pleasure. But you desperately want her ass in your face. "Harley stop!" You say as sternly as you can. Harley pulls away, the area around her mouth is moist from you. "What's wrong honey? To much for ya?" She says, licking the juices from around her mouth. "No. At least let me return the favor." Harley giggles and takes off her shorts. When she sits on you, you wish you could grab her ass and hold her down, but since you're in a straight jacket, you can't. Now that both of you are pleasuring the other, the moaning doubles. She continues to nail every spot inside you, while you tease her asshole. Suddenly, Harley perks up. "I have an idea!" She says, grabbing her hammer. "I love it when Mr. J does this to me." She then takes the hilt of the hammer, and shoves it in you as far as she can. You scream as the handle deeply penetrates you. Harley moves the hammer in and out of you. You need a distraction so you don't instantly come, so you actually penetrate Harley's ass with your tongue. "That's good, suga. Oh yeah!" Harley moans as she thrusts the hammer in and out of your cunt. Eventually, you get to the point where you can't handle it anymore. "Harleeeey!!!" You scream, the insane woman giggling as you cum on her hammer. You pull on her ponytails as you ride out your orgasm. A combination of your yelling her name, seeing you cum on her hammer, pull her hair and continue to eat her ass is exactly what Harley needed. Harley laughs as she comes on your face. "That was great suga. Ya reminded me of ma puddin." As Harley is resting right next to you, her tits rising with every breath she takes, you remember what you came here to do. You handcuff her hands together and decide to wait for further instructions from Batman. Chapter 17 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poison Ivy is standing there, in the middle of the main room. She's facing away from you, so you assume that she hasn't seen you yet. You sneak up behind her and realize something smells strange. Suddenly you the strange plants that have sprouted around the room. "Goodnight." She says as everything goes black. You wake up, in a different room. You realize that you can't move because of the vines around your arms and legs. You also realize that you are completely nude, your uniform laying in a corner. Poison Ivy struts towards you, her plant lingerie leaving little to the imagination. "What do you want?!" You ask, trying to break free of your bonds. "I think you know. The little bat needs some punishment." You suddenly feel something shoot into your vagina. After a scream of shock and pain, you realize that another vine had sprouted and penetrated you. "Oohh..." You moan as it thrusts in and out of you. "I knew you would like that." Ivy says, rubbing a green hand against her own clit. "I do..." You murmur, feeling the vine increase in speed. "I wasn't talking to you, I was talking to Audrey, the plant. It's loving your tight little... What? You want me to join? Might as well. Well slut, Audrey just asked me to join in. Lucky you." "What!" You gasp as plants sprout and weave among Ivy's waist, shaping into a 7 inch cock. 'Audrey' pulls out of your hole so Ivy can insert herself, but it isn't done. As Ivy pushes into you, 'Audrey' penetrates your asshole. Feeling the two phallic plants inside you at the same time feels so good, you can't help but let out a loud moan. "I knew you would like this. You've been eyeing me up since the first time we met. Does the Batman know about your dirty little fantasies? Who am I kidding, he probably is one of your fantasies. Well, I can help with that." Ivy must have released some sort of pheromone because Ivy suddenly shifts into Batman. He's still penetrating you just like Ivy was but you love it even more. Ivy was right. You had wanted to bang Bruce for such a long time, so watching it unfold before you, even though it was fake, was so great. "Oh Batman!" You scream, getting close to climaxing. "Keep going!" "Agghhh!" Batman yells as he shifts back into Ivy. She shoots her load of sap in you as 'Audrey' does the same. "Yes!!!" You yell as you peak, releasing all the pressure that had built up in your core. Ivy, after having a powerful orgasm as well, falls to her knees, her plants receding as well. "That was...good." Ivy gasps, catching her breath. Remembering your mission, you handcuff Ivy and sit down to catch your breath for a moment or so. Notes: I'm sorry for the gaps between uploads, I've been really busy. My goal is to post at least once a week, but that may not be possible some weeks. Thanks for bearing with me. Chapter 18 Catwoman is standing there, in the middle of the main room. She's facing away from you, so you assume that she hasn't seen you yet. You sneak up behind her and realize something is off. You look up as Catwoman drops from the ceiling on top of you. You notice she has somehow found a way to find her costume as she lands on you, knocking you onto the ground. You roll over, pinning her on the floor with you on top. She swipes at you with her claws, causing you to lean back far enough for her to push you back, allowing her to crawl onto you. The two of you continue to grapple on the floor until she pins you to the ground. She has one leg to your left and the other between your legs, and she holds down your two hands with hers. Her face is close to yours, but not close enough for you to head butt. "Well you aren't Batman." Catwoman says. You can feel her breath against your face and can see the green in her eyes. "I'm sorry to disappoint." You say. "I mean, I just got out of jail. The least he could do would be to show up and let me ride him. I haven't had a good cock, or even an orgasm in such a long time." "I think I can help with that." You say, stretching yourself to rub against her leg. "Oh, does your kitty want some attention?" Catwoman purrs, moving her leg against your groin. You nod vigorously as you begin to grind against her latex catsuit, the first waves of ecstasy spreading through you. "Mmmm, do you like that, slut?" Catwoman purrs. You notice she has gotten closer to you, her legs now spread over one of yours. She bends down and kisses you as she begins to grind against you, similar to how you are grinding against her. Her tongue enters your mouth, fighting your tongue for dominance of your mouth. "Hold on a moment." She says as she moves. Catwoman moves into a position that allowed the two of you to grind your womanhoods together, even through the suits. "Mmm, are you sure you haven't done this before?" Catwoman moans as the two of you gyrate your hips together. "Not with someone as sexy as you." You moan. You can feel yourself getting close, and according to the look on Catwoman's face, she is too. "Are you ready?" You ask, hoping she says yes. "Hell yeah." She nods. You begin to count, hoping you can last the three seconds. "3." You say. "2." She responds. "1." You both say together. For a split second, you see the look of pure bliss wash over Catwoman's face, how beautiful it is, but your orgasm overwhelms you and your vision goes fuzzy. Once you recover from your orgasm, you see Catwoman is still recovering and decide to take advantage. You walk over to her and handcuff her. "What!" Catwoman says, momentarily confused, but then furious. "You bitch." "Well, you know, I'm not really a cat person." Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Smut-ventures series Next Work →