“Ren.” “Ren, wake up.” “It’s just a nightmare.” “Wake up, damn it!” Ren suddenly bolted up, pinning Hux to the bed by his throat, eyes wild and unseeing. Hux, used to outbursts such as these by now, gripped Ren’s wrist but didn’t try to pull him away. “Let go of me, Ren,” he choked out. It was hard to breath, but at least he was still able to. He lifted his free hand to brush his fingertips over Ren’s cheek. “Let go.” He spoke softly, as if trying to calm down a scared animal. Ren’s eyes widened as he finally came back to himself, and his grip loosed. “Fuck,” he said softly, voice cracking. He buried his face against Hux’s neck, wrapping his arms around him as he held him close. Hux held the shaking man in his arms, stroking his hair slowly. He normally wouldn't put up with Ren’s emotional behavior, but he could tell the nightmares were particularly bad tonight. It wasn’t often that Ren managed to wake him up once he’d finally fallen asleep. “Shh, It’s alright, Ren. Calm down.” “Fuck, I’m so sorry, Hux.” “I know. But you didn’t hurt me.” Not this time, at least. He’d once ended up with a broken collar bone when he’d tried to wake Ren that the knight had to set. He had treated Hux as if he were made of glass for a month. When Hux finally had enough, he made Ren spar with him. After a few rounds of showing Ren he was tougher than he looked, everything went back to normal. “What was it this time?” he asked softly, pushing Ren away a little bit to look up at him. “You. I-I was leaving the Order, leaving Snoke. You tried to stop me, and I killed you.” A few tears spilled down Ren’s cheeks, and Hux frowned, knowing there was more that Ren wasn't telling him. He didn't push him, instead lifting his hand to brush them away. “It felt so real. I don’t want to lose you, Hux, not like that.” “I know. You won’t, Ren,” he crooned, kissing away the tears as he sat up. Ren sighed, rubbing at his face, before looking down at Hux wearily. “I’m sorry for waking you up.” He knew Hux didn’t get much sleep as it is, he hated waking him up when he finally fell asleep. Hux just tsked at him, shaking his head a bit. “Don’t start with that. It’s fine. Making sure you’re alright is more important to me.” If nothing else, he could just drink some caf in the morning, instead of tea, to perk him up. He was used to only 2-3 hours anyway, so losing a little bit of sleep to make sure Ren would be okay wasn’t that big of a deal. Ren sighed again, resting his head on Hux’s shoulders. “I wish I could make them stop,” he murmured. “Me too, Ren. Me too.” He pressed his lips to Ren’s neck, feeling his pulse beating heavy and fast. He continued to stroke Ren’s hair and rub his back soothingly, trying to help the man calm down. “How do you do it, Hux?” “Do what?” “You have so much control. Even over your dreams.” He just wanted the nightmares to go away. Hux seemed to know how to do it; he never had nightmares. He never even dreamed. “Just try not to think about anything. Clear your mind.” “No, that doesn’t work.” Ren tried clearing his mind, tried meditating, tried thinking of training, anything that would keep him away from the nightmares. “Then you need to fixate on something. Think only of that one thing before you go to sleep.” He brushed Ren’s hair back again, before softly rubbing at his scalp. “What brings you peace?” Ren was silent for a long time before speaking, thinking about what few things truly brought him peace. Then, “You.” Hux rose an eyebrow skeptically, but didn’t say anything. He could hardly think he brought Ren peace, since most of their time outside of this bedroom was spent fighting, but he supposed he knew what Ren meant. When Hux thought of Ren, or fought with him, he couldn’t think of anything else. He thoughts focused on Ren, leaving no room for past demons; it must be the same for Ren as well. “Alright. Then just think of me. It shouldn’t be too hard, since I’m right here.” Ren nodded, laying back down. He pulled Hux close, closing his eyes as he tried to do what Hux said, thinking only of him. His thoughts kept drifting back to the nightmare, and fears that fueled other nightmares, and he groaned in frustration. “It’s not helping.” Hux simply tsked, stroking Ren’s cheek. “Patience. Now, where is a place you would rather be than here?” Immediately, Ren thought of Naboo. He’d only been there once, when he was very young. He’d been begging his parents to take him, and they’d finally relented. It was one of his best memories, back before Snoke had gotten to him. He didn’t like to think of that time; it hurt too much. It reminded him of what he’d lost, of what he’d given up, for the sake of power. So, he changed the memory a bit. Instead of being a small child running through the fields with Chewie, while Han and Leia watched with smiles, he was an adult. Laying in the grass in a field much like the one his grandparents had once visited. Reaching out he took Hux’s hand and laced their fingers, showing him the vision through the Force. He looked over and Hux was lying beside him in the field, copper hair shining in the sunlight and eyes closed, smiling softly. Hux had grown up on Arkanis, a planet that rarely stopped raining, and the sun was rarely seen. Even though it was simply an image conjured by Ren’s imagination, it felt so real, so warm. Ren smiled over at him, before looking up at the sky with a soft sigh. He didn’t know when it stopped being a vision and started being a dream, but when he woke up, he felt more rested than he ever had. Hux was still sleeping, looking peaceful as he laid tucked into Ren’s chest, soft hair splayed out around him like a halo. Ren leaned down to kiss his the top of his head, before whispering, “Thank you.” Notes: Damn, two fics in one day. I should really be putting this effort into part two of the Not What I Appear series.