The Resistance base on Hoth is a blur of noise and color. Around her, pilots and droids rush to get into their X-wing fighters as sirens blare overhead. Finn’s troop is waiting for him to join before they put on their winter gear and prepare to head out on foot. Rey knows she should let him go, that they all have a job to do, but she has never been very good at saying goodbye. “Please be safe.” Finn looks at her, and their hands are pressed together, and she is so afraid. Rey can see the same fear she is feeling mirrored in his eyes. Suddenly, she feels very, very young. “Don’t go,” she says, and she wishes that for once someone would listen to her. “You know I have to.” And she is so proud of him, of this boy who used to be a coward, who wanted to run from the people he is now going to willingly fight, that Rey forgets everything else. She tells him this, how brave he is. Finn smiles at her, and it’s like the entire world falls away. It’s just Finn, always just Finn, with his dark eyes and his warm hand curling around her hip and that little smile he only gives her — Rey has never wanted anything in the entire galaxy as much as she wants to kiss him. But his squadron is calling him, the First Order is coming, it’s time to fight again. She watches Poe climb into his ship and she watches Finn walk out into the blizzard and Rey feels sick to her stomach. She is tired of this war. She is tired of fighting and she is tired of watching the people she loves walk away from her. When Leia Organa approaches her to tell the news, Rey already knows. She had felt it, like a slash to the throat. They don’t tell her details. All she knows is that one minute , Finn is standing there with her at the base, so bright and vibrant and alive , and the next there is nothing left but a pile of red snow and the charred remnants of a brown leather jacket. The war ends, as all wars eventually do. Poe has lost an arm and Leia has lost her family and Rey has lost Finn. Rey watches as they drag Kylo Ren away, sees the blood on his face and the emptiness in his eyes and shivers . She wonders if all this was worth it. Rey goes back to Jakku. The sand and the dunes and the heat—the familiarity of it all puts her at ease. It’s easier to breath without people watching her, asking her if she is okay, telling her things like “ Finn was a great man ”. She knows he was a great man. She knows this better than any of them. Rey skips the trial, but Leia lets her know of the outcome. Kylo Ren is sentenced to a lifetime in prison. She thinks she should be glad, but she hears the sadness in Leia’s voice over the comm call and cannot bring herself to rejoice in the other woman’s pain. “I hope you reunite with Ben Solo one day,” Rey says, and she really means it. “Me too,” Leia says, and it sounds like she’s crying, and Rey’s heart breaks all over again. Time goes by, and her nightmares change. Finn is blurry, smudged, just out of focus and just out of reach. When she wakes up, it occurs to her, quite suddenly, that she cannot recall the exact color of Finn’s eyes, nor remember precisely what his voice sounded like. Rey begins to cry, and it feels like she might never stop. Poe appears in her doorway one day. She hadn’t even heard his ship land. “I’m just gonna stay for a night, and head back in the morning,” he says, but in the morning Poe doesn’t go back and Rey doesn’t make him. There is enough room in her hovel for her and him and all their ghosts. “I’m forgetting him,” Rey says to Poe one night, when they are lying on their mats side by side. It is the middle of the night but neither of them can sleep. “I can’t remember — I can’t hear his laugh anymore, or his voice or — ” The words tear out of her throat and leave her gasping for air. Poe reaches over to touch her arm and Rey reaches out for him, begging for comfort like a child, and he pulls her against his chest without a word. Poe holds her tightly — he’s warm and familiar and Rey is a little less afraid. For some reason, she cries harder. His good arm keeps her in place as the sobs rack through her body. She feels the wetness against her forehead and realizes he is crying with her. “I’ve got you,” he whispers roughly against her shoulder, over and over and over, until it lulls her back to sleep. Someone from Yavin 4 sends for him a few days later. Rey had not known Poe very well before he came to stay with her, and she supposes she doesn’t really know him all that well now, but she is very sad to see him go. “Finn loved you, you know,” he says as he packs his things. She nods, and wants to say something. She wants to thank Poe for being such a great friend to Finn, for staying with her and crying with her and mourning with her all this time, but she has never been very good with words. They say their goodbyes and he smiles at her, but there is this haunted look in his eyes that makes her ache for him. Poe Dameron has seen too much, she thinks, and Rey hugs him with everything in her. “May the Force be with you.” “And with you.” He leaves, and Rey is suddenly right back where she started all those years ago, sitting in the sand and staring up the stars. Notes: thanks for reading, leave a comment/kudos if you liked it!!