Day one of his new placement and Finn’s nervous. The first day is always a challenge and this marks his first full term, full time placement now that he’s started the research for his thesis. Beyond the usual nerves of the situation he has yet to meet the teacher of this classroom, a Mr. Dameron as he’s told, while in the past he’d always had the chance to at least speak to collaborating teachers on the phone beforehand. The elusiveness is unsettling, though the Principal of the school has assured him Mr. Dameron is a delight to be around, and he’s no idea what to expect when he walks into the classroom. “Techniques that can be regarded and utilised in line with presented thesis and early work,” is what his advisor, Dr. Nadezhda Phasma, has filled out on his papers and he tries to use the words as a comfort. Similar methods and ideologies could make for easier interaction. Of course, this means Dr. Phasma probably doesn’t approve any more of this Mr. Dameron’s teaching styles as she does his own theories on the subject, but to be able to see something even remotely like his strategies in practical use instead of just words on a page is promise enough to excite him. The prospects are great, Principal Organa assures him they’ve had nothing but positive results from Mr. Dameron’s class; both student and parent satisfaction rates are among the highest in the school. Something he is sure doesn’t sit right with his old fashioned, by the book advisor. Here it is, room 142, a paper that covers the length of the door reads in colourful paint: “Mr. Dameron, Junior Kindergarten PDJK” surrounded by equally as colourful handprints in the same paint, a single pair of much larger ones sit directly under the words. Cubbies of dirty shoes line the wall of the hallway and he counts across them to calm his nerves once more before tapping lightly on the door, right above the writing. He can hear the laughter and chatter of children as he waits, his thought of what activity they could be in the middle of is cut off by the opening of the door. “I’m excited to see it, buddy, keep up the good work,” he says as he opens the door and turns to face him, his facial expression taking a moment to form into a polite smile. Finn can’t help but notice the smear of white paint on his left cheek, the fleck of orange on his nose, the red dried onto some stray strands of brown hair. “Hi, Mr. Dameron? I’m Finn, the grad student from the U downtown.” “Right, right, yeah I remember agreeing to that, I guess it is the 30th isn’t it? Sorry, I’m being rude aren’t I? Come on in, Finn, welcome to the class. Oh, and are you cool with the kids calling you Mr. Finn? They seem to prefer Mr. Poe with me – oh! But you can just call me Poe, no need for formalities, obviously. Nice to meet you, Finn.” The hand he extends is done in such a jovial way Finn doesn’t think a moment before taking it. Poe’s handshake strong and firm, his other hand pressing to the back of Finn’s hand. “It’s nice to meet you too, Poe. I see it seems to be painting time,” he smiles back, noticing the kids all sitting at their small desks that are arranged in a circle, sharing paints without a brush in sight. Interesting set up, encourages discussion and inclusiveness . Finn thinks to himself as he takes a quick look around. The other side of the room is set up with an open space in the middle, covered in colourful pieces of interlocking foam. The walls are lined with stations; blocks and toys, instrumental toys, a sand station, a colouring station; and more cubbies filled with blankets, pillows, and stuffed animals. The whiteboard is covered in writing and drawings of colour wheels pointing out complementary colours, dividing them into primaries and secondaries, explaining how to make the latter from the former. Along the front of the room, running under the white board from his desk to the windows, is a messy bookshelf overflowing with all sorts of books. Reoccurring around the room he sees pictures of the same small white and orange corgi, smiling happily with its back legs tucked into a small wheelchair, some baring bold captions in colored paper such as “BB-8 goes to the beach”. Besides that the walls are covered in posters it seems he made with the help of the students; animals drawn in crayon with a picture in the corner, the name written clearly under it by the teacher’s hand. The same can be said with numbers, colours, even the maps are coloured by young hands. Active participation is obviously a priority . “Yeah, finger painting, oh I didn’t think about that, sorry” Poe laughs and nods down to Finn’s hand, covered in splotches of an array of colours. Poe pulls his hand back and wipes the excess paint still on his hand on the dark denim of his jeans, it’s only now Finn realizes that even the white button up shirt the teacher is wearing is dotted by flecks of orange paint. “Guess you can tell what my favourite colour is already, huh?” Finn looks up and the glimmer in his brown eyes is as natural as the words he speaks, his smile puts him at ease and he’s glad to have come here. Poe claps his hands together, and in a chorus the children clap back in the same pattern as he places a hand on Finn’s upper arm and guides him to the front of the room. It takes a few more randomized patterns of clapping before the buzz of the students is down to an acceptable level for his announcement. “Alright, class, say hello to Mr. Finn. He’ll be here for the rest of the year and I’m sure will love to be friends with you guys, so let’s welcome him to be part of the class – Yes, Jay?” Poe moved over to his desk and half sat on the edge of it, one leg on the floor, the other swinging back and forth as he pulls out the chair from behind his desk for Finn. He set his smile and attention on a young boy at the front of the room who had already raised his hand. “If Mr. Finn is part of the class he has to put his hands on the door!” the boy says as he lowers his purple and blue covered palm and turns to Finn with a smile. “Yes, that’s true isn’t it?” Poe smiles and leans over his desk to pull his paint palette, a folded piece of newspaper with different selections of paint colours, over and held it out to Finn. “I’m sure you saw our class poster on the door when you came in, we want you to officially join the class by joining the poster, so pick a colour, any colour, get your hands a little dirty, and mark your place. I’ll always suggest orange, though.” Finn considers the palette of 6 paints laid out in the order of the colour wheel, sure enough the orange seems to have been drawn from the most. Across the wheel, hardly touched, is a vibrant blue. Students are vocally suggesting their own favourite colours, he glances around the wheel once more but stops on the blue again. “That one, I think,” Finn points to the blue, rolls up his sleeves, and holds his palms up and outstretched. “I’ll take that as a complement.” He’s proud of himself for that one, Finn can tell by the lighthearted laugh that follows. Scraping the blue paint off the cardboard and into Finn’s hands he whistles to himself - some familiar tune Finn can’t quite place - and spreads it to the tips of Finn’s fingers with his own paint covered ones. “Alright, buddy, you’re good. Let’s get you properly inducted.” “Mr. Finn picked blue! I picked blue!” one of the students says to their friend. “Mr. Finn, is blue your favourite colour?” Another asks, and prompts a slew of questions from all students in all directions, each more eager than the last. Never had he had the opportunity to work with children so young, before this the youngest class he’d been involved in was a group of fifth graders, and their overwhelming positive response was something he never could have prepared for. "One thing at a time, guys. Everyone’s excited but we can ask questions in a minute, alright?” Poe’s voice is raised and clear, surprisingly easy to hear over the many different voices, remaining calm despite the increase in volume. He opens the door and motions to Finn to approach with a tilt of the head. To the top left of the inscription proclaiming the class’ teacher and code Finn finds a blank space to fit the prints of his hands, pressing the cold paint on his palms against the smooth surface of the paper, leaving his mark behind. “There, the hardest part’s over. Not so bad, right?” “A lot less painful than I’d imagined,” Finn looked over the door again. A single large piece of paper reiterates so much of what he observes in the teacher and his classroom’s environment, more than he could have anticipated when he first set his eyes on it. “Well, head on over to the sink and rinse off your hands if you want, I hope you had a coffee today and are ready for the Q and A of a life time. I’ll get them a little more focused.” Poe closes the door with his foot and turns back to the students, once again raising his voice to carry across the room, “easy as A, B, C!” “1, 2, 3!” the students sing back. “God, I love that,” Poe mumbles to Finn with the already familiar proud grin, starting to head back towards his desk. Notes: I haven't really decided how structured it will be or if each chapter will just be another separate scenario progressing through time to make it run a little faster. I guess it depends on how people feel.