...for we are at the stake, and bayed about with many enemies; and some that smile have in their hearts, I fear, millions of mischiefs. -- Julius Caesar , Act IV, scene I ~ Hux was not having a good Monday. There really wasn’t such a thing as a good Monday in this particular corner of Ordo Primus University, but there were gradations of not good , and this was about six of them. His ID hadn’t worked at the garage this morning -- that had happened several times in the past few weeks and he knew he needed to go over to the campus police station to have the damn thing reprogrammed or whatever, not that he had time for that -- and so he was out about eighteen dollars for the day’s parking. And his prescription antacids seemed to have decided to take the day off. And the coffee place he usually stopped at on the way in was closed because apparently part of it had recently caught on fire, and he’d had no choice but to have recourse to the Keurig in the main kitchen, which always made the coffee taste nastily like hazelnuts due to someone else’s extremely highly flavored coffee pods, and now... Now over half his bloody staff were late for the weekly meeting. And whenever they did finally get there he wasn’t going to enjoy passing on the latest information from the President’s office regarding several planned proposals which would now have to be scrapped and redone. Ever since Snoke’s inauguration three years ago -- coinciding with the annual completely pointless waste of Hux’s time that was the Rising Celebration week of campus events -- Hux had been trying to get the President actively involved in fundraising. Now Snoke was , or at least apparently fondly imagined himself to be, and Hux wished like hell he could take it all back. You couldn’t do any of the ordinary polite and political tricks to evade somebody’s participation in a project, not with a situation like this. Those stopped working at your own level or ever so slightly above you, and required finesse. The University President could do whatever the University President wished, and if that happened to fuck up six to eight months of careful cultivation and research and lose several hundred thousand dollars of potential infrastructure and program support, so be it. Hux didn’t even have the support of the VP/Development & Alumni Relations on his side, since the position had been largely vacant both before and during his own tenure. When Hux had taken the job as Director of Corporate & Foundation Relations he’d thought of the empty VP slot as an opportunity for his own career advancement, but it had become clear very quickly indeed that President Snoke liked matters the way they were, and the search committee nominally charged with selecting candidates for the VP position hadn’t located any potential applicants in the past eighteen months -- not that anyone would have made it through the interview process if they had. Snoke enjoyed having direct control over Development & Alumni Relations, and wasn’t about to give it up even for the sake of the institution itself. This mattered a lot more to Hux’s Office of C&F Relations than to the offices of Annual and Planned Giving, which respectively went after a) relatively recent alumni and b) rich and elderly alumni in their fundraising efforts, and had very little to do with the university president except inasmuch as Snoke’s office sent out a boilerplate thank-you any time someone made a planned gift over fifty thousand. It was the corps and founds that Snoke liked playing with, not the rich alums and grateful patients, and that meant that Hux was directly in Snoke’s way more often than he would have personally preferred. Snoke had taken a personal interest in possible agreements with several of the city’s most powerful funders, and Hux could only hope and pray that he wouldn’t decide to take a leadership role in prospect management as well. A cordial and collaborative relationship with any given funder could maybe survive meddling with one project, but Snoke’s approach to cultivation consisted of flatly informing the other party what he wanted them to do (“give us five million dollars”). That might, just about, perhaps be okay if the ask was for a naming op like the School of Medicine’s newest treatment facility, but not if it was to support the work of a particular project or program or center. To be devastatingly honest Hux wasn’t entirely sure how much by way of sustainable results and deliverables they could offer in return for programmatic support. That was the biggest problem: the people on campus who wanted money to support their projects weren’t able to consistently provide evidence that the money they were already being given was having a measurable impact. Nor did it help that their immediate rival, New Republic University, had recently retained Leia Organa Solo as their VP of institutional advancement, because Organa Solo had what Hux considered probably the best and most comprehensive network of contacts and relationships in this entire bloody state , let alone the city, and OPU had been running into Organa Solo’s work over and over again these past few months. Hux was getting very, very tired of meeting with program officers and pitching new project opportunities only to be told apologetically that the foundation had already committed its dollars for this funding cycle, an excellent project, maybe you’ve heard of it, through the New Republic University Foundation? Also, as per usual, he wanted to push the contrary and obstructionist idiots in Sponsored Research down the stairs. He had opened his email to discover an entire string of reply-alls regarding whether or not the School of Social Work’s latest attempt to wheedle some cash out of a particularly tight-fisted foundation belonged in Sponsored Research’s purview or his , and Hux had simply copied and pasted the response he’d sent them the last time this issue had raised its thoroughly infuriating head. It didn’t matter how damn many times they’d been over the drill, Sponsored Research still refused to acknowledge that half the grant proposals that came across their desks needed to be released to Hux and the university foundation until after someone had pointed out incontrovertibly, in writing, that the prospect required applicants to hold 501(c)3 status, and that no, this was not a guideline so much as a requirement, and yes, this did in fact mean that they needed to hand over the damn proposal with a release letter. The reason the Ordo Primus University Foundation existed in the first place was so that the university owned and controlled a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization which could apply for and administer grants from funders who required that status. Since Sponsored Research’s office had just relocated to the sixteenth floor of the nicer admin building across campus, the scope for stair-pushing had significantly increased. Sometimes Hux let himself imagine it in rather glittering detail. He looked up from the neat stacks of paper on his desk as Mitaka and Thanisson let themselves in, and raised an eyebrow. Both his admin coordinator and work-study kid looked as if they’d had to run across campus. “Nice of you to join us,” he said, nodding to the round table in the office’s corner where his associate director Phasma was already sitting and waiting for the meeting to begin. “May I ask the reason for this delay?” It was seven minutes after ten, and he had a meeting downtown at eleven with the executive director of the Tarkin Foundation, and he was not looking forward to a single second thereof. It had been bad enough when old lady Tarkin had been in charge: now it was Juliana Tarkin, some distant cousin of the original leadership, and Juliana Tarkin always made Hux feel as if she had unscrewed the top of his head and was examining the contents with clinical detachment. She was bound to ask him questions about President Snoke and his recent forays into institutional advancement, and he would have to come up with clever ways to answer them without actually answering them at all. Mitaka and Thanisson were still out of breath, subsiding gratefully into chairs. “It’s that PI,” Mitaka said. “The one we heard about last week. He’s actually going to submit. We just got out of a follow-up meeting with Medicine’s chief development officer, it ran twenty minutes over, I’m sorry.” Hux drummed his fingers impatiently on his desk, and came over to join them at the table. “Which one? The Epidemiology department head who thinks it’s adorably coy not to mention what the hell they’re specifically asking for funders to support?” “No, sir,” said Thanisson, who had been with the Office of Corporate & Foundation Relations for all of one month and who had still not been trained out of nervous quasi-military honorifics. “It’s the other one.” Hux closed his eyes, and then felt his entire inside sink , his stomach giving a nasty twisting twinge. “Not the --” “ Yes ,” Mitaka said, sounding miserable. “That one. The School of Medicine department of neuro-psycho-whatever. He’s going after Kuat.” “ What? ” Hux demanded. “Nobody’s allowed to go after Kuat except us. Any of the Kuats.” There were at least three Kuat family philanthropic organizations, including the Kuat Foundation, Kuat-Entralla Corporate Foundation, and KDY Charitable Giving Foundation, and several ancillary organizations, all under the control of K. Kuat XIV -- a notoriously clever and touchy representative of the dynasty who had a direct interest in the work his foundations funded. None of the Kuat organizations accepted unsolicited proposals, and none of them were terribly keen on young-gun researchers with ambitious demands for funding, and Hux had spent the past half a damn year carefully cultivating K. Kuat the Fourteenth regarding that potential naming opportunity in the School of Medicine’s new cyclotron therapy building. Which President Snoke was very, very interested in, and had recently been doing some entirely unsupervised prospect management of his own -- the thought made Hux twitch -- and now some twerp from Medicine was apparently trying to ruin everything even harder. So much for the Kuat of Kuat Proton Center , Hux thought to himself, and rubbed at his temples. “You’d better tell me everything, and make it quick.” ~ Things had been better under the university system’s old chancellor, Sheev Palpatine, who had been a thoroughly unlikeable person but by all accounts remarkably good at running an organization. Under Palpatine’s leadership the system -- Ordo Primus and the three smaller universities that made up what was occasionally and rudely referred to as the Empire -- had tripled its overall endowment and actually maintained a budget surplus for a few years at a stretch. Hux had been in grade school when Palpatine retired -- or was forced to retire, nobody was entirely sure what had happened there -- and the Empire had fallen, rearranging itself into the four independently run and administered institutions that existed today. A lot of the really talented people from Palpatine’s central offices had moved over to the nascent New Republic U, which was already making a name for itself as a thoroughly inefficient and poorly-run institution. That hadn’t changed over the years, although NRU’s inexplicable popularity had waxed and waned. Hux had hoped that if he could secure a long-term partnership with Kuat (and consequently other powerful and influential local funders) that OPU could knock NRU’s philanthropic-dollar and research funding rankings down a few pegs, possibly even enough to get them out of U.S. News & World Report ’s top thirty independent universities. Now that prospect appeared to be slipping directly out of his reach. The meeting with Juliana Tarkin had gone just about as badly as Hux expected. The one saving grace in that entire miserable experience had been the fact that he could pull numbers out of his head to answer her questions about the School of Law’s multidisciplinary outreach program initiatives -- number of clients served, total pro bono hours over the past six and twelve months, percentage of recidivism, number of referrals, total tax refund dollars secured for clients through free tax prep services. He’d even had the small but pleasant reward of seeing Ms. Tarkin’s beautifully made-up eyes widen slightly at the precision with which he rattled off statistics. “We’re still waiting on the numbers from last quarter,” he had said, “but of course I will be happy to pass those along as soon as we receive them. The increase in client volume has not been accompanied by a significant increase in recidivism, which as I’m sure you will agree is an important positive trend.” She had made the appropriate mildly congratulatory responses and closed the meeting with exactly what Hux had known to be the case coming into the building: that the Tarkin Foundation would consider another proposal from OPU’s School of Law for the following year if and only if they could demonstrate equal levels of external funding support from other sources. Match us and you’ll have us , in other words, and the headache that had been building ever since that first cup of hazelnut-flavored coffee had sunk into the bone around his right eye as if it planned to stay there. He didn’t eat lunch. He was still keyed up enough to feel sick -- well, more sick than usual. Three calls to Dr. Kylo Ren’s office number had gone straight to voicemail, and an email cc’d to Ren’s department head had produced no response; Hux didn’t have time to chase down some clueless researcher who couldn’t be bothered to learn the rules or reply to messages, and told Mitaka to send Thanisson over to Medicine to see if he could determine Ren’s whereabouts. The sooner he got this hashed out, the better, because if K. Kuat XIV found himself being directly solicited by anybody -- let alone someone with no development experience -- OPU’s School of Medicine could pretty much kiss their naming gift goodbye, and Hux’s own job might finally slip into active jeopardy. Phasma knocked on his door with a Panera bag halfway through the afternoon. He had left it unlocked, and she let herself in without being invited. The smell of real coffee hit Hux with almost physical force, and he sat up a little straighter at his desk. “What’s the occasion?” he asked, as she set out coffee, bagels, and the good kind of cream cheese, the kind with little bits of vegetables in. Phasma was about six foot six, blonde, statuesque, and capable of looking at people until they found themselves changing their minds about disagreeing with her, but she was also something close to brilliant at the sheer organizational work it took to manage an entire stableful of fractious prospects with their own individual little ways. Even in high summer she wore beautifully tailored suits with long sleeves to cover up what Hux had discovered were a very remarkable collection of tattoos. It was a strange job for someone covered in ink who pumped iron for fun, but Hux had been in this business long enough to understand that you went with the capabilities of any given individual rather than what you thought the capabilities ought to be. “I had a gift card,” she said. “And we both skipped lunch. Tell me about Tarkin.” He told her about Tarkin. Both of them had pretty much known what the response would be, and it wasn’t as if Juliana’s request was unreasonable -- the money Law was asking for from Tarkin was a pretty hefty chunk of change -- but it was still disheartening. “Where exactly does she think we’re going to come up with 25K to match Tarkin?” Phasma inquired. “The undiscovered country of Other Sources,” he said, and added cream cheese to his bagel. This was one of the few things that didn’t actually make him miserable to eat, and she knew that, and he appreciated it. “From which no traveler returns, because nobody’s ever found the damn place. Speaking of unfound things, Doctor Ren isn’t answering his phone calls.” “I’m not surprised,” said Phasma. “Have…no, you haven’t met him, you’d remember it.” “Why? Has he got mad-scientist hair and a squint, like Professor Yoda?” “Nnno. Not exactly. He’s very, very young,” she said. “For someone with two doctorates, anyway. Kind of goes in for drama.” “Oh, God,” Hux groaned, and leaned back in his chair. He himself was rather on the youthful side for this particular position, but nobody ever made much of a fuss about it: he could do the work, he did the work, and that was the end of it. “Not the rock-star scientist. Please not the rock-star scientist, I can bear many tropes but that is not one of them.” “The rock-star scientist,” Phasma confirmed, looking inexplicably demure. “Lots of wavy black hair. Wears all black. Thinks rules don’t apply to him on account of his amazing brains.” “He won’t last,” said Hux. “They never do. Where’s he from?” “All over the place. He’s apparently a prodigy: did his undergrad here, actually, at some ridiculously early age, and then his MD at Harvard, then the PhD at Oxford. Then toured the big-name research universities of Europe being brilliant at everybody and making breakthroughs for several years.” “What on earth is he doing here ?” Hux asked, interested despite himself. “Slumming? I don’t know, to be honest. His work’s been focused on neuroplasticity and the factors affecting remapping of pathways following injury, or something, I didn’t entirely follow, but there’s got to be a reason he came here in particular instead of Hopkins or one of the other big research institutions.” “Great,” said Hux, beginning to fold up the napkins into neat quarters. “I don’t suppose you happen to know why he thinks Kuat wants to give him any money? None of the Kuat foundations even support clinical research.” “Not the slightest. That, I think, you’re going to have to extract from him yourself, if we can ever pin him down long enough to have an actual meeting.” “You don’t think he’d be happier talking to you, by any chance?” Phasma laughed. “No. This calls for Director-level intervention. But I’ll be right there as soon as you’re done, I want to hear all the answers.” “Done,” he said. His headache was almost gone. “Thank you, by the way.” “You’re welcome.” Phasma didn’t need to ask for what . “How much do you have left to do on the Concord Dawn proposal?” “Almost nothing. The budget is actually in decent shape, I just have to have another look at the goals-and-outcomes section, and then I want Mitaka to give the narrative a final proof before we submit. We might actually get it in a full day early this time.” Phasma reached out to rap her knuckles on the polished wood of his desk. “I’ll get the letters of support ready. What’s next, Piett for Nursing’s informatics program?” “Yes, and we’re still waiting on the budget for that one, but it’s not due till the twentieth, we have time. We’re mostly using the language from Nursing’s last submission to Wynn, it’s almost the same formatting and covers all the same ground.” “Infrastructure and program support,” she said. “I don’t think we’re going to get either Wynn or Piett, honestly.” “Neither do I, but there’s enough of a chance to make it worth our while, and they’re only twenty-K each, it won’t do too much to our numbers.” Phasma got up, all the wrappings tucked neatly into the empty bag. “I have a meeting with Pharmacy this afternoon, but let me know if you do end up talking to Ren. I want to hear all about it.” “Oh, you will,” Hux told her. “You absolutely will.” Chapter 2 The meeting had not been a success. It had not, in fact, been a meeting at all: Hux had waited in the neurology department’s little reception area for exactly fifteen minutes, by his watch, past the time when one of Dr. Ren’s lab people had stated that he would appear. That was it: fifteen minutes was enough to solidify Hux’s preexisting dislike of the man into something very much more pronounced. He also had work to do, which was not getting done while he sat around getting steadily more insulted, and so he’d left his card with the receptionist and made it delicately but unmistakably clear to her that he needed to speak with Kylo Ren before the latter went ahead with any C&F proposal submissions whatsoever . Hux didn’t have to raise his voice to get his point across; he was capable of a silky kind of enunciated clarity that cut through conversation with the precision of a microtome and conveyed displeasure far more effectively than yelling. He was perhaps overdoing it a bit today, he conceded, as he stalked back across campus. It was hardly the neurology receptionist’s fault that one of her department’s faculty members was an inconsiderate brat, and she’d looked rather as if she might be going to cry. Normally he wouldn’t care quite so much about a potential rogue PI, but the situation with Kuat (and Sienar-Jaemus, the other heavy hitter he’d been cultivating) was extremely delicate, and if he could pull it off Hux’s numbers would reach pinnacles hitherto merely dreamed about. On paper the idea looked more than a little inadvisable, but it was the kind of inadvisable that sometimes worked. It involved getting both the prospective funders so interested in the cyclotron facility naming opportunity that their direct rivalry would take over most of the actual work of driving up the ask, and when one caved -- which it was probably going to do around the five million mark -- and conceded the field to the other, Hux would then quick as a flash offer the other funder first refusal on an equivalent naming op for the cyclotron facility’s second building, which was scheduled for groundbreaking in a few months. “Think of it,” he imagined himself saying. “The Kuat Memorial Center of the OPU Proton Therapy Institute, and then right across the street -- the architects have done a fantastic job, I’d be happy to send over the renderings -- the Sienar-Jaemus Fleet Systems Center. Glass and steel and brick, glittering in the sun. The signage is clearly visible from two main traffic arteries up to half a mile away, as well as from the entire north side of campus and the surrounding neighborhoods.” Hux would know if he had them almost at once, and if he didn’t, at least he would have secured one major transformative gift with the first building, assuming Kylo Ren didn’t fuck it all up beyond repair . He was reasonably certain that with care and effort and finesse he could get Kuat to spring for the naming op on the extant building, which was scheduled to open that fall, but that reasonable certainty was predicated on the cultivation and relationship-building work Hux had been doing for the past seven months, and now it was not just in danger from President Snoke’s careless choices, it was in serious danger if Kuat got an unsolicited proposal for clinical research from some unprofessional twit who couldn’t even show up to a ten-minute meeting when asked nicely -- He made himself take a deep breath, which was supposed to be calming and wasn’t very, and then made himself unpeel his fingers from the edge of the desk. He was alone in his office, and probably alone on the entire eighth floor of the admin building: almost everyone had gone home by six-thirty, and the motion-sensor lights had all switched themselves off, leaving his office the only point of illumination. The little vertical window beside the office door was black, reflecting him like a dim half-silvered mirror, and Hux looked critically at his image and relocated a lock of hair. He looked...well, stressed was perhaps too blatantly obvious, and he pushed away the thought, reaching into his desk drawer for the bottle of prescription-strength Zantac which lived there. It rattled noisily. Six left. Need to remember to buy more. Hux swallowed two with cold coffee and, instead of doing what he ought to have been doing, which was rewriting an absolutely abysmal interim report for a Social Work grant, opened up the prospect-management software and ran a query for KYLO REN. The program was called Arkanis, and it was entirely fitting that people pronounced it Arcane-is : Hux thought it was the least intuitive chunk of software he had ever encountered. Once you knew its little ways, however, it became relatively simple -- if still frustrating -- to use. The lookup screen defaulted to biographical criteria, because oddly enough most people weren’t generally capable of remembering the nine-digit Arkanis ID numbers associated with each entity record. (Hux could. He didn’t exactly spread this information around, but he knew the numerical IDs of all his major prospects by heart.) The search keywords KYLO REN didn’t pull up any records for that particular entity name, which wasn’t exactly a surprise: employees didn’t automatically get entered into Arkanis as entities unless they were active development officers. What was a little surprising was that the search opened a single result, with the label ALSO KNOWN AS. AKA entities were common. There were at least six Kaiser Permanente entity records, for example, two of which were duplicates, and something like eight CareFirsts of varying spelling and punctuation. Multiple records for one entity were the result of previous administrations’ somewhat lax approach to who was allowed to add entities to Arkanis , and if no information had been added to a dupe record it was easy to have Prospect Management delete it and clean things up a bit, but if someone had attached contact reports or actually entered a proposal record, it couldn’t be deleted without losing that information. The answer to this was the also known as link, which allowed individual entity records to be automatically connected and show up on searches. It also could be used to redirect queries from other versions of an entity name . The search string KYLO REN had apparently been listed as an AKA on the Arkanis entity ORGANA SOLO, BEN. Hux whistled softly as he scrolled down. Changing your name wasn’t a big deal, people did it all the time, but the extremely interesting point in this case was what “Kylo Ren” had changed it from . The rest of the record was almost as interesting. Ben Organa Solo was listed as both an alum and an employee -- he remembered Phasma saying he did his undergrad here, at some ridiculously early age -- and it would damn well have to have been ridiculously early, because according to the Arkanis record he had managed to obtain not only an MD but a PhD and significant postdoctoral experience by the age of thirty-three . He did the math again, but he knew he’d done it right the first time: yes, no matter how you sliced it, what they had on their hands was a legitimate bloody genius. A genius was precisely the last thing he needed in his life, right at this exact minute. Hux groaned aloud to the empty office, and leaned back in his chair to study the ceiling. I’d rather deal with Social Work , he thought. At least they’re predictable. Or even Law. Why couldn’t you have been a nice boring incomprehensible Social Work program director, I know how to deal with those. Ben “Kylo Ren” Organa Solo was an entirely unknown quantity. And Hux couldn’t help, just for a moment, a nasty little smile at just how awkward Leia Organa Solo’s situation must actually be: having your presumably-estranged wunderkind working for your closest rival institution must feel like several layers of failure. He would keep that. He’d keep that, and store it neatly away in the ordered vaults of his mind, and the next time he and Ms. O-S pretended they were the cordial type of colleague and had coffee together, roughly once a quarter, he would be able to hold it in his head the entire time , like a faint but lovely background melody. Hux rather thought he might enjoy that. ~ The next day he had a meeting with Dental first thing in the morning, and it was probably a metric of exactly how annoying the rest of his job was that he felt like buying the new Dental chief development officer a bunch of goddamn flowers for demonstrating common sense and prudence. She’d been in the position for two months, perhaps, and one of the first things she had done was contact his office and request a meeting to go over the current portfolio and actually ask for guidance . Hux had dismissed it as a statistical fluke and fully expected to get a string of panicky emails reporting that she had gone entirely off-book and fucked up all ongoing stewardship efforts, but no: she’d actually done what she’d said she was going to do, and contacted the extant funders to let them know she had taken over the position and was looking forward to working with them, and then beginning the unlovely task of updating Arkanis to reflect the actual state of Dental fundraising. He’d scheduled monthly meetings with her in addition to the recurring meetings with the other schools’ CDOs, and this morning she had excellent news for him: one of the letters-of-intent his office had helped her submit had actually prompted a request for a full grant proposal. Which he thought she stood a decent chance of getting. It was all very satisfactory, and he was feeling quite uncharacteristically pleased with the universe when he stepped out of the elevators in his own building. And was met by a very unhappy-looking Thanisson. Hux’s stomach sank. “What is it?” he asked. “It’s Dr. Ren, sir. He’s here .” Hux was absurdly reminded of an Eddie Izzard bit: my god, man, does he want tea? He pushed away the thought and sighed, squaring his shoulders. “ Why is he here, and how long has he been waiting?” His part-time development associate -- who was actually doing rather well at the job, considering -- still looked somewhat shell-shocked. “Um,” he said. “Since eight-thirty. He said something about how if you wanted to see him that badly you were going to see him, and he’s kind of been pacing around your office looking really pissed off for --” Thanisson checked his watch. “Forty-five minutes now.” “Good heavens,” said Hux drily. “And here I thought his time was precious beyond rubies. I take it you offered him coffee?” “Yes, sir. I...actually had to go across the street to the coffee place because I don’t think we have an espresso machine in the building, or the stuff to make white chocolate mochas. I mean I could ask the other floors, HR or Communications or somebody, maybe they have better coffee-makers than us, but I kind of didn’t want to get it wrong.” Hux pinched the bridge of his nose. “We’ve talked about the ‘sir’ thing,” he said. “And give me the receipt, I’ll reimburse you. Well done. Resourcefulness under unexpected fire.” Thanisson beamed -- actually beamed, Hux rarely saw anybody smile like that -- and handed over a folded slip of paper. He put it in his pocket, gave the kid his raincoat to hang up, and went to deal with Dr. Kylo Ren. ~ Hux’s first impression was he’s tall for a prodigy , and the second, close on its heels, was the Ian Malcolm aesthetic must be making a comeback . Ren was wearing unrelieved black, as Phasma had mentioned, and his hair was...big. There was a lot of it. More than one might expect on a tenured professor; he could probably pull most of it back into a messy ponytail, but right now it was loose and doing its best to augment the overall too-cool-for-school effect. Ren had been examining the books on his office shelves when Hux arrived, with the air of somebody who is only with concerted effort not storming out in a furious swirl of drama; he turned and froze, staring at Hux as if perhaps he had turned green or grown a second head. It was a little difficult to hold that gaze without looking down at himself, but Hux managed, and after a few breathtakingly awkward moments Ren looked away and flung himself into one of the chairs by Hux’s conference table. On which there was a large Starbucks cup. They were not exactly the right sort of chairs for this particular application, and in fact this one creaked alarmingly and rocked back on its legs, but Hux had to give Ren points: his expression didn’t even flicker. Hux closed the door behind him. “A pleasure to meet you, Dr. Ren,” he said, meaning nothing of the sort. “I’m sorry you’ve been kept waiting, but if you had called ahead I could have scheduled something convenient to both our calendars. I hope my staff made you comfortable.” “What did you want?” Ren said, completely ignoring the script which began nice to meet you, Director and went on from there. “Yesterday. Somebody said you came over and were obnoxious to Sheri about wanting something.” Hux sat down at his desk, unhurried, as if Ren had evinced even the slightest hint of good -- or even acceptable -- manners. He rested his elbows on the blotter and looked at Ren over his clasped hands. “I requested a meeting with you,” he said, “to discuss your intention to solicit the Kuat foundation group. It is not in the university’s best interests at this time to submit proposals for clinical research to a funder which does not generally support that particular type of project, particularly since conversations with that funder about a major transformative gift are ongoing. My office will be glad to work with you in your corporate and foundation fundraising efforts, but going after Kuat right now is not advisable.” “They’ll fund me,” Ren said. He had been growing more ostentatiously bored with every word Hux pronounced, and was now tapping what Hux recognized as a vintage Montblanc Meisterstück fountain pen against Hux’s conference table. Luckily the lid was on, so neither table nor pen were sustaining serious damage, but that was about nine hundred dollars’ worth of writing implement this person was treating like a chewed-on Bic. “They’ll fund me,” he said again. “I know people.” “Oh?” Hux inquired, sounding mildly interested. His stomach was already beginning to bother him. “Kateel Kulhvult.” Tap, tap, tap went the Montblanc. It was a peculiar shade of red. “Kodir’s sister. Kateel likes my work, she wants to support me. She said so.” Hux kept his face straight with an effort, his mind shifting into sixth as he worked out how exactly to handle this. The Kuhlvults were a branch of the Kuat family who had been in charge of KDY for the past decade after a rather complicated management shakeup, and Kodir Kuhlvult was either being forced out, depending on who you asked, or gracefully ceding the executive directorship of the foundation to her younger sister. After a few moments he decided on faint overtones of slightly impressed conspiracy. “Ah,” he said. “That does change matters somewhat. Ms. Kuhlvult is no doubt anticipating the direction that KDY Charitable Giving Foundation’s funding priorities will be taking under her leadership. Their board meets twice a year, doesn’t it?” He knew perfectly well that it did, as did all the other Kuat philanthropic organizations, as did a large proportion of their prospects in general; Hux was being thoroughly disingenuous posing the question in the first place, but it worked. Ren stopped tapping the pen on Hux’s much-abused conference table and leant forward slightly. “Yeah,” he said. “Ms. Kuhlvult is to take over leadership of KDY’s philanthropic arm from her sister this summer, I believe,” Hux went on. “At which time she will have full signature authority over the foundation’s grantmaking activities. I would strongly suggest, Dr. Ren, that you prepare your submission for the autumn deadline rather than the spring. Not only would it give you more time to collect the ancillary documentation, but you would be sure of the opportunity to leverage your relationship with Ms. Kuhlvult to its maximum potential, once she takes over command.” Ren, annoyingly, was not developing the somewhat glazed look people usually did when Hux brought out the heavy artillery: mostly the quiet and precise use of leverage as a verb was enough to disorient someone who was new to this particular field of endeavor, but Ren appeared entirely unaffected. “Hold off submitting till the fall,” he said, “so you can get there first, is that what I’m hearing?” “It isn’t a question of getting there first,” Hux said, thinking damn, damn, damn . “It’s a question of maximizing the funding opportunity. Right now the major gift that’s being considered is the highest priority for the campus, and it would actually be for the benefit of your own school.” “The cyclotron,” said Ren, dismissing cyclotrons with a disdainful little wave. “They’ll always want money to build more cyclotrons. My work is important. ” Hux took a deep and careful breath, and let it out slowly. “If you could give me an overview of your project,” he said, “I would be able to offer more specific advice.” Tap, tap, tap went the pen again. Ren was eyeing him with a calculating, predatory sort of look, clearly considering his next move; and then he set down the pen, leaned forward in the chair, and asked “Just how much do you know about neurobiology, Director?” ~ Just over an hour later, Dr. Kylo Ren left Hux’s office, looking not exactly insouciant but considerably less thunderous than he had done on arrival. Phasma escorted him back to the elevators; Mitaka and Thanisson watched them depart, and shared an extremely worried look before going to knock on Hux’s half-open door. He was leaning back in his chair, pale around the mouth but smiling slightly: a ghost of the little edged smile that meant somebody somewhere had lost , and he had won. When they knocked, he stayed where he was for a long moment before opening his eyes and sitting up straight. “Is...everything all right, sir?” Thanisson asked. “That depends largely on your relative definitions,” he said. “But we can, I believe, stop worrying about Ren and Kuat, at least until the autumn deadline rolls around. Somebody get me some more coffee, and -- damn, who have I stood up?” He was rather glad of it when Mitaka -- as usual -- knew immediately. “No one yet, you don’t have anything until twelve-thirty, over at Social Work. I have the prospect research reports and their capital campaign top-tier spreadsheets all printed and ready to go. Phasma’s having lunch over at the hospital, she’ll meet you there.” “Good,” he said. “Coffee. And then shut the door, I have work to do.” Chapter 3 He was always better when he was busy . That had never not been true: even as a child Hux had been happiest with a list of things to do, tasks to accomplish, whether or not those tasks were of extreme interest in and of themselves. He could sleep better when he was working on something. After Ren’s initial lecture on neurobiology and the factors affecting remapping of pathways following traumatic brain injury or stroke, Hux had spent a productive lunch hour in the health sciences library, and had taken home a stack of textbooks, which he read faithfully every evening, and in fact slept better than he had in months. If asked directly, he wouldn’t have had a clear answer as to why he was learning about this stuff except inasmuch as a wise fundraiser always made it their business to understand as much as possible of the projects they would be pitching; but it was interesting , even if he had to spend more time than he would personally have preferred looking things up on the internet in order to follow along, and he was in fact bright enough to grasp the basics very quickly. The actual reason, which he would never have admitted even to himself, was that he wanted to minimize Ren’s inherent advantage on this particular playing field. The very brainy scientists Hux had worked with tended either to live largely inside their own heads and interact only vaguely with mere external mortals or to treat every interaction with mere external mortals as an opportunity to reemphasize their own brilliance, in case anybody had had the chance to forget about it. Kylo Ren was...neither, at least so far, or not exactly; and Hux found that both fascinating and oddly compelling. He wanted to understand what the hell Ren was on about, partly because it was interesting and partly because he wanted on some deeper unacknowledged level to make Ren pause and blink. So he studied, in his limited spare time, and when he found himself absently explaining to Thanisson what neuroplasticity meant in response to a question about a completely un-Ren-related letter-of-intent, Hux had recognized that he had actually learned enough to be able to do a tiny bit of teaching. That was a milestone. He didn’t encounter Dr. Ren for a week and a half. By that time other considerations had arisen to eclipse Ren in Hux’s immediate focus: he was still working on the preparation for the big meeting with Kuat to officially present the naming opportunity, which was scheduled for the middle of next month, and there were a flurry of School of Social Work proposal submissions one after another coming through his office. Hux felt ever so slightly guilty that his staff had to deal with the nuts-and-bolts of SSW more than he did: by the time he got a look at the proposal documents Phasma had already chopped down the more ingenious flights of fancy, Mitaka had done his best to pummel the budgets into something resembling acceptable submission-ready templates, and poor bloody Thanisson had proofed the whole repetitive jargon-heavy morass of the narrative at least twice, sending it back and forth to the principal investigator and their team to answer reams of questions in track changes. Hux’s own responsibilities were more on the conceptual and planning levels, and he knew that the versions of the documents he saw were worlds away from the initial draft. The latest effort on behalf of Social Work was the sort of thing Hux would have loved to be able to nip in the bud with a simple this is not fundable in its current form and will probably not be fundable even if we bring all our resources to bear on it, your premises are flawed and your narrative incoherent, your metrics nonexistent, and you have no other sources of support or any remote hint of sustainability, do everyone a favor and drop this . Had he thought there was even half a chance he could get away with it, Hux might even have said a rather nicer version of that to the PI, but this particular waste of everybody’s time was the brainchild of an important Friend of the School whose feathers must at all costs remain unruffled. Which was why someone, presumably the Friend, had paid for a glossy case-statement one-page piece to be printed extolling the putative project’s virtues. Hux could wish that the Friend had also considered paying for someone to copy-edit the text for said piece, about which the less said the better. At least it didn’t have the Ordo Primus logo on it: plausible deniability could be maintained. It was Wednesday, almost time for the weekly OCF staff meeting, and this particular meeting agenda was slightly different than the usual round-the-table update sequence. Hux looked up from his monitors as Phasma and Mitaka appeared in the doorway. Phasma’s cool expression gave nothing away, but Mitaka was incapable of dissemblance and faintly flushed with anticipation. “Did you --” Hux began, and Mitaka nodded, taking a small gift-wrapped box out of his pocket. “Good,” he continued. “Put it away and try to look innocent, God help you.” A moment later Thanisson arrived, looking tired and not particularly happy. He was preparing for exams -- working part-time in Hux’s office as part of his financial aid package for the bachelor-of-nursing degree was worlds better than slinging burgers, but it was not exactly a stress-free environment -- and he’d had a particularly vile two days worth of reply-all strings regarding edits on this wretched Attanni Holistic Wellness Centre-spelled-R-E proposal. “Am I late?” he asked, looking from Hux to the others and back, holding his steno pad defensively against his chest. “No,” said Hux. “Close the door and sit down. We won’t be doing the full meeting, I have to be at Pharmacy in half an hour, but there are some things I want to go over. Phasma?” “We’re ready to drop,” she said. “This is going to route after the fact, we knew that already, and we have everything ready to hit Send, we just need your final approval.” “Splendid. I know we’re going to get at least three emails an hour demanding to know if it’s been submitted, so I’ll look at it quickly in case anything jumps out, but I think we’re pretty much good to go. Mitaka?” “We got Wynn for Nursing,” said Mitaka, smiling. “We won’t hear back from Piett for another month, but we got Wynn. I just got the email from them this morning. Twenty-five K for the informatics program.” Thanisson blinked at him, and Mitaka’s smile widened into a grin. “That was your first proposal, right? The Wynn Foundation. First thing you worked on when you started here.” “Yeah,” said Thanisson, smiling a little himself. “I guess so. That’s cool.” “And for that,” Hux said smoothly, “as well as courage under fire, we thought some slight token of appreciation was in order. Here.” He reached over with a little Starbucks gift-card envelope between his fingers. “More importantly,” he added, as Thanisson flushed and took the envelope, “you’ve done a lot of hard and exhausting work on the Attanni thing, and that I particularly appreciate. Mitaka?” The kid was doing that thing where he was trying not to smile and failing, and looked about sixteen years old, and Hux felt a fierce stab of protectiveness. Mitaka handed over the little wrapped box, and Thanisson mumbled the expected you didn’t have to phrases, but when he got the wrapping off and saw what was inside he gave a helpless little yelp of laughter. And looked up at Hux, and -- okay, that expression would keep him warm in the cold for a few days at least, that was a good expression. Inside the box were a number of thin flexible rectangles of magnet-backed plastic, with words printed on them. Based. Building. Approach. Informed. Case. Evidence. Management. Community. Risk. Location. Place. Trauma. Integrative. Capacity. Holistic. Pipeline. Synergy. “It’s...Social Work magnetic poetry,” Thanisson said, wonderingly. “Oh god. There’s...hyphens. There’s a lot of hyphens. And apostrophe-S combinations.” “Be sure to put them in only the wrong places,” Hux said, his own voice warm. “We thought it might be of some use to you in future Social Work grant assignments.” “Thank you,” said Thanisson, still looking astonished and very young, and -- pleased. “This is...it’s really cool of you, and also kind of hilarious. Thank you. A lot.” Hux had had the idea the night before, watching Thanisson grimly struggle through twenty pages of track-changes word salad over and over as various stakeholders sent in their increasingly incoherent and contradictory versions. The fact that Thanisson was a gifted proofreader didn’t make the job any less miserable, as Hux knew from personal experience. He’d called Mitaka that evening, and gotten him to agree to go and buy the mag sheet and the printable sticker stock, and typed up a list of Social Work buzzwords and phrases to be applied. “You’re welcome,” he told Thanisson now. “Once we get this Attanni thing out the door, it ought to be relatively quiet for a little while; you won’t have to pull the extra hours.” “I don’t mind,” said Thanisson automatically, and then looked away. “Uh. I mean, yeah, I could use extra study time.” “You’ll have it.” Hux leaned back in his desk chair. “Quickly, before I have to leave, does anyone have anything else we need to talk about?” ~ Spring in the city: the weather was entirely unpredictable. Hux had arrived here for the first time in late March, four years ago, and spent exactly one week getting rained on before purchasing micro-compact umbrellas to keep in his car’s glove compartment, his office, and all the briefcases he carried. Nevertheless, when he got done with the School of Pharmacy and made his way outside to discover that the sky had gone dark grey and all the leaves on the trees were shivering in flickery gusts of wind, showing their pale undersides, he decided to wait it out in the relative comfort of the hospital’s coffee shop rather than trying to walk several blocks back across campus before the rain came. Valarian’s was a nice coffee shop, well-designed and welcoming, and had a variety of small tables where one could hold informal meetings, some tucked away in quiet corners, others up against the big windows opening on Venator Boulevard. Hux liked it for these reasons, and because it had excellent wifi, and because if asked it would provide severely plain white toast with nothing on it -- which was harder to obtain than one might expect. Twenty minutes later, he was sitting at a table by the window, watching curtains of rain sweeping up the street and writing a follow-up email to the Pharmacy people. They were between chief development officers at the moment, had been for almost a year now, and the remaining development staff had understandably been hesitant to try anything much without direction, but since the school didn’t seem to be in a hurry to provide them with a new CDO, Hux thought it was time they got started with the trying. It wasn’t as if this was difficult work, it was just complicated work, and he was tired of seeing the Pharmacy numbers staying level at zero month after month. Like the rest of the campus, they were unhelpfully vague on exactly what they planned on doing with C&F grant money were anyone to consider giving them some. There were three “Centers of Excellence” that existed solely on a conceptual level, one of which Hux thought could be spun into a fundable project, if they could figure out who was going to be in charge of it and what specific services it would provide. The opportunity exists , he typed, for a collaborative partnership with several other on-campus initiatives focusing on community outreach and health care, particularly those run by Nursing and Social Work, which would further the collective goals as well as reinforcing the value of the pharmacist’s role as an active member of the health care delivery team. However, before identification of prospects to support such a multidisciplinary program can begin, a clear scope of work and internal organizational structure must be solidified and agreed upon. I recommend that the team focus on that as step one before scheduling meetings with the other schools -- At this point his train of thought derailed entirely because somebody slapped a wet manila folder down on the table and demanded “What is the meaning of this?” Hux caught his coffee cup before it could actually tip over, and looked up at Dr. Kylo Ren. Ian Malcolm was currently taking a back seat to what Hux might term a walking thundercloud aesthetic. Unlike Hux he hadn’t had the sense to stay out of the rain, and the quantities of hair Hux had noticed at their first encounter were somewhat subdued, but the glower was at full 110% signal strength. He dripped, meaningfully. Hux set the cup down, and closed his computer, and with some delicacy reached for the soggy folder. Some of the contents’ ink had run, but not enough of it: the glossy, expensive, typo-riddled case statement for the Attanni Holistic Wellness Centre was still much too legible. “Oh,” he said. “ Oh is right, what the fuck is this?” “It’s --” Hux peered at the text, which really had apparently never seen a proofreader -- “an inclusive and interdisciplinary initiative whose mission is ‘to empower to patients to choose his or her own individual path to wellness and healing by both providing care and educating healthcare providers how to care for themselves and guide their patients to their own unique place of wellness', since you ask.” Ren went on staring at him for a moment longer and then, astonishingly, snickered. And dropped into the chair opposite Hux’s. He really was astonishingly wet, Hux realized, and hid a wince on behalf of Valarian’s upholstery: he must have gotten caught right in the worst of the downpour. Ren didn’t seem to care much, pushing the heavy mass of his hair back with both hands and resting his elbows on the table in order to stare more efficiently directly into Hux’s face. “My question remains,” he said. Hux sighed and slipped his computer back into his briefcase. “The meaning is that the Schools of Social Work and Medicine have decided to join forces to create this centre and therefore are seeking financial support for it. I’m not sure where the confusion arises.” “The confusion arises,” said Ren, “around the part where this university is apparently promoting anti-scientific, non-evidence-based quackery bullshit by including this nonsense as an official part of any on-campus entity but particularly the School of Medicine. Last time I looked we were in the business of science, not mystical life energies.” “I gather that the mystical life energies surround us at all times whether or not one believes in them,” said Hux, drily. “I don’t make the decisions as to what projects get pushed, Dr. Ren. Believe me, if I had veto power there would be a lot less busywork and a lot more efficiency in campus development. I do what I am required to do, and currently that includes submitting proposals for the Attanni Centre. Which -- good lord, would it have deranged the mystic energies to run this past a human copy-editor, honestly , it’s embarrassing -- is entirely beyond my control.” He paused. “How did you find out about it, anyway?” Ren had been watching him, and now looked away, scowling, and scowled harder at Hux’s plate of plain white toast. “This is your lunch? What are you, Elwood Blues?” “I fail to see how that’s germane. Where did you get this case statement?” “Yarna,” he said. Hux raised an eyebrow. Yarna Doallyn was Medicine’s chief development officer, and one of the more capable development people on campus, even if she was absolutely dreadful at clearing up old Arkanis records. His staff had grown used to the huge backlog of open Medicine proposal records which still showed ASK MADE or ASK SCHEDULED with a close date of three years ago; it was one of Thanisson’s projects whenever they had downtime to go into Arkanis and do some forensic accounting investigation to attempt to work out what had happened to those proposals and close out the records he could reconcile. “I wasn’t aware you and Yarna talked regularly,” he said. “We didn’t. Then you got in my way about the Kuat proposal.” “I didn’t get in your way ,” Hux began, but Ren cut him off. “Whatever. So I figured I’d ask what else was going on. You know. So I could be sure not to step on any toes ,” he said, with awful clarity. “God forbid. Yarna says you’re inhumanly efficient and you keep nagging her about updating pipeline reports, whatever that means. I hate your software, by the way.” “You what?” Hux put down his coffee cup, wishing he hadn’t noticed that Ren was shivering under the Valarian’s aggressive air-conditioning. “What software? Arkanis? You’re not supposed to have access to Arkanis, it’s for development and accounting only.” “Don’t worry,” Ren said, rolling his eyes. “I haven’t hacked your precious system. I watched her run some lookups. The contact report structure is bottom-up, right?” Hux blinked. “What?” “You know. There’s layers of information, yeah? You have an entity, which I’m assuming is your basic individual or institution, and then if that entity is given prospect status, as a potential funder, that’s a whole other set of information about how much money they have and what they’ve been doing with it, and then you can enter proposal records for that prospect, which are the specific grant submissions. And you can enter a contact report on any of the three, to record talks you’ve had with them, right? Entity, prospect, and proposal.” “Right,” said Hux, a little dazed. “But it goes from the bottom up. So you can put a contact report on the proposal level and that’s going to appear not only there but on the prospect level and all the way up at the entity level. Anything you do at the proposal level shows up everywhere.” Ren talked with his hands. Hux found himself watching them, following the quick expansive gestures. “Yes,” he said. “But if I just put a report in at the entity level it won’t appear anywhere further down. And correct me if I’m wrong but the contact reports look like the only reliable way of watching what people are actually doing. Most of them can’t be bothered to update records correctly, but they can apparently type up a thing saying I talked to this foundation about this project without taxing their brains enough to set off any smoke-detectors. So how do your people keep on top of it?” In all his years of experience with Arkanis and comparable software Hux had never had someone actually work any of this out on their own, without heavy coaching, and Ren had apparently watched over Yarna’s shoulder while she ran a couple of lookups and what, extrapolated the rest? “...With effort,” he said. “But there is a way to link reports and proposals after the fact, if they’re not entered in correctly. On the proposal screen, once you save, there’s an option to enter associated contact reports, and it gives you a dropdown of all the contact reports on that entity to choose from. Once the link is made, that report shows up on the proposal record as well, so you can tidy things up a bit.” Ren sat back in his chair and laced his fingers behind his head. “Finally something that makes sense ,” he said. “It’s freezing in here.” “Of course it is, you’re drenched.” Hux made a decision. “White chocolate mocha, was it?” “What?” He had the pleasure of seeing Kylo Ren completely taken aback for a few seconds, and then the superior look flooded back in, tinged with something Hux couldn’t quite identify. “Yeah. Extra whipped cream.” He paused. “Tell me about the pipeline stuff.” “That’s beyond the scope of Arkanis 101,” Hux said, getting up. “But I’ll make an exception, if you tell me the very short version of Nudo’s findings on post-stroke recovery. The abstract, if you will.” He smiled at Ren’s astonished expression, and took himself off to order coffee, thinking: twice in one conversation, that’s not too damned shabby. Chapter 4 The monthly Fundraisers Council meeting, at which attendance was mandatory for all development staff on campus, was always challenging to sit through. These days it was held in one of the new campus center’s ballrooms, big enough to fit several rows of chairs and desks in a seminar format. Hux could remember when it had been over in the old admin building, where the seats had at least been comfortable , rather than these stackable plastic horrors. Additionally, while coffee -- for a certain value of the term -- was reliably provided, the rest of the catering had declined sharply over the past year or so, and now the single table at the back of the room featured a coffee urn, a hot-water urn, powdered creamer, and a plate of what Hux thought were probably the smallest bagels in the world . Mostly FRC was merely painfully boring, but at times it veered into truly excruciating territory; and while this particular instance was only beginning, it showed every sign of record-breaking potential. Hux, in the second row, stared past the right shoulder of the presenter earnestly explaining how to engage alumni and increase participation by verbing nouns that should never, in Hux's professional opinion, be verbed. They were ten minutes into the 90-minute session and he was trying with moderate success not to yawn. Everyone's phone ringers were, of course, turned off; but Hux's interrupted the young man’s continued discourse with a faint buzz as it vibrated across the table in front of him. He snatched it up hurriedly and had a look: who on God's green earth would be texting him just at the moment other than the people already in this room? Oh. Next question, how the hell had he gotten hold of Hux’s personal phone number? 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):have read new Atanni Center brochure ur office DISTRIBUTED in evryones mailbox 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):did u authorize this? its unconscionable & also unethical 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):THIS IS NOT MEDICINE, DIRECTOR Hux read the series of messages twice, and then something almost like a smile tugged at one corner of his mouth. It was somehow completely unsurprising that Ren typed like an imbecile, albeit inconsistently. While the presenter continued to go on about future visioning and the locus of affinity becoming more granular , he held the phone under the table, thumb moving rapidly. 346-254-9370 (Hux):You mean the Office of Communications and Public Affairs 346-254-9370 (Hux):Not us 346-254-9370 (Hux):My office handles advancement and not advertisement There was a brief pause. Then, all at once and quite rapidly: 240-877-4566 (Ren, K): ur all from the same building 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):& this THING implies the School of Medicine provides traditional ayurvedic practices and reflexology and healing energy treatment 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):holistically incorporated 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):i refuse to be holistically incorporated 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):into this BULLSHIT The smile was definitely there now. It wasn't a very nice smile, but it was there. 346-254-9370 (Hux):Our building also houses HR and Budget & Finance, to clarify for you 346-254-9370 (Hux):Which is rather like saying you're pediatric gastroenterology because you happen to share a building 346-254-9370 (Hux):In addition I am curious as to what healing energy treatment consists of, does it go into detail 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):too much detail. There is some air freshener 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):pardon me, a 'blend of essential oils' 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):made of amethyst 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):& full moon essence charged with reiki energy for clairvoyance 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):I fucking quote 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):this ought to be stopped. It is actively dangerous to the health of the general population as they might erroneously believe that ACTUAL DOCTORS SUPPORT IT 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):I am an actual doctor 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):I do not support it 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):FYI So I gather , Hux typed. Your objection has been fully noted. And then 346-254-9370 (Hux):I'm afraid you are fulminating at the wrong person, entertaining though this is. I have no control whatsoever over the activities of the people over at the Centre (note spelling) 346-254-9370 (Hux):Nor over whatever ridiculous substances they choose to flog to a credulous public 346-254-9370 (Hux):How exactly does one extract an essence of full moon 346-254-9370 (Hux):Does it involve fractional distillation 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):if i walk over there & find out 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):i hold you responsible for the consequnces 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):which will be EXTENSIVE 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):there is a fucking photo of a man with a guitar offering 'expressive arts therapy' 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):at the bedside of a patient who has clearly undergone major surgery & IS NOT CONSCIOUS 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):WHICH IS PROBABLY MERCIFUL Hux's face was almost, almost perfectly straight again, because he was putting in a lot of effort. 346-254-9370 (Hux):I cannot imagine why you would blame me for the potential consequences of your behavior, Dr. Ren 346-254-9370 (Hux):You must of course do as you see fit 346-254-9370 (Hux):As I have mentioned, I have exactly no control or influence over any of these things, including the therapeutic effects of playing guitars at people or spraying them with amethyst juice to increase clairvoyance 346-254-9370 (Hux):Not my division There was a much longer pause. 240-877-4566 (Ren, K):You owe me for the cost of a new phone screen. Hux listened with half an ear as the presenter began to repeat whatever it was he'd been presenting, in preparation for the does anybody have any questions phase of this particular trial of endurance. The smile was back. Beside him Phasma gave him a curious look. Good heavens , he typed. I don't think you could make that one stand up in a court of law. " -- have any questions?" Hux set the phone down, and looked up, bland and professional. "Thank you for an insightful presentation," he said. "I particularly felt that the concept of affinity-locus granularization is one which the profession as a whole could benefit from exploring, as does the view of engaging alumni volunteers as force multipliers. Additionally, while C&F is not directly involved with alumni relations, our office will definitely path your suggestions and lessons learned into our workflow." The presenter beamed. ~ Hux had sent his staff back to the office to go and get some actual work done, after ninety minutes of complete inutility, and had run into the development officer for Dental, who had questions for him on a recent call for proposals from a particular funder. The conversation stretched to the point where he ended up buying her coffee at Valarian's, and by the time he returned to the office forty-five minutes had gone by. The receptionist on duty, Nancy, took one look at him, said "Oh, thank god you're back, we cannot make him leave ," and then pointed with intent at the hall leading to Hux's own office. There, clearly in the middle of pacing back and forth before the door, was Dr. Kylo Ren, in the very flesh: a column of black with an irate expression, holding in one hand a rather expensive-looking phone and in the other a glossy brochure. "What kept you," he said, by way of greeting, "we are in no way done with this conversation." Hux eyed him, without visible expression. "What an unexpected pleasure, Doctor Ren," he said. "I'm afraid I'm rather busy at the moment, and while I'd love to continue to repeat myself several more times in a row, I have deadlines to meet." He unlocked his office door, and opened it. Ren stalked right through, as if Hux had opened the door for his sake."This is misspelled , in addition to everything else that is wrong with it," he said, slapping the brochure down on Hux's desk. "It offers ’serivces ’." Hux sat down. "At least it retains internal stylistic consistency with the original independently-produced case statement materials, which also appear to have been proofread by a golden retriever, as you no doubt recall. And I still don't know why you're shouting at me about it, or why you have terrorized my staff." Ren resumed pacing; the area in front of Hux's desk seemed to be just as good for it as the area directly in front of his office door had been. "They were in my way. And do kindly suggest a more effective target for me to shout at. At least you've read this atrocity and have a marginally sophisticated grasp on why it is an atrocity. It is impugning the good name of the really quite valuable work we do perform in the School of Medicine. Work which has experimental standards ." The italics were audible. "The immediate suggestion that comes to mind is your dean ," Hux said, also in italics, looking at him over his steepled fingers. Ren’s Ian Malcolm drag was less disheveled than the last time he’d seen it, but the hair looked as if he had been running both hands through it with some ferocity. "Who has, after all, decision-making power over the entire school, including the various centers of excellence and therapeutic protocols it offers for patient care. I'm certain if you lay your concerns before him with your customary tact, the point will get across." Ren stopped the pacing, and set both his palms on Hux's desk, leaning in. He loomed. A man with less experience than Hux in dealing with people who loomed, physically or metaphorically, might have slid backward in his chair. "Are you suggesting, Director," Ren said, like barbed silk, "that I may not have been tactful with you?" Hux looked up at him, unmoving, his fingertips pressed lightly together -- and then let one eyebrow lift, just a little. “Whatever could have given you that idea?” he inquired. His heartbeat hammered in his ears: this felt, stupidly and illogically, almost as exhilarating as the moment of gift closing, when all his effort and energy and intent, weeks worth of work, narrowed down to a single focal point: a sensation as if he was flying, too fast and too bright for gravity to catch up. He kept his voice mild and entirely noncommittal: “I am simply curious as to the basis for your continued insistence that I have any veto power over this collection of new-age twerps or their distribution of snake oil under the aegis of the School of Medicine. They are quite beyond my control, Doctor, although I am of course flattered that you ascribe so much influence to my opinion.” Ren's face took on an aspect of complex chagrin, and then he narrowed his eyes, as if bringing all the machinery of his considerable brain to bear on the space between him and Hux; and he smiled. His teeth were quite white. "But you and your office have been instrumental in getting them funded," he said. "I did read the brochure. Such an impressive list of gullible foundations." "I'm extremely good at what I do," Hux told him, still quite mildly, as if explaining the idea. It had, in fact, been slightly upsetting how easily he had secured funding for the Attanni Centre; he’d rather hoped that the foundations he approached would have raised more significant objections to the project. Still, the numbers looked shiny, and in the end that was the point: "It's my job. Shall I quote you the current dashboard stats for C&F compared to Planned or Annual? Or show you the list of presented, pending, and funded submissions for projects all across campus that have come through my office so far in this fiscal year alone? I'd be happy to provide whatever information you require, but I’m afraid I cannot pick and choose which grant submissions I facilitate based on your personal opinions of any given project’s validity.” Hux paused, still feeling rather as if he were flying, and looked up at Ren’s expression -- and then, despite what he saw, added “It’s understandable that there should be some confusion: development is a complicated business, but I’m sure you’ll find it easy to catch up.” Ren had gone the kind of still that the air sometimes went right before a truly violent thunderstorm broke -- in fact Hux almost expected his hair to stand on end, sparks to crackle in its darkness -- and when he did move it was shockingly, alarmingly fast: one fist slammed down onto Hux’s desk with an odd kind of oblique jerk that telegraphed extremely clearly just how close Ren had come to hitting him. There was a rather terrible little pause, and then Ren said in tightly controlled tones “I would appreciate your forwarding those statistics to me at your earliest convenience,” straightened up, and stalked out of the office at top speed. Hux remained sitting very still with his fingers steepled, heart racing, still brilliant and blazing with adrenaline -- and then soon after Ren’s rapid departure the exhilaration tipped over the edge and went sour all at once. He stayed where he was for a good five minutes, cold sweat standing out on his temples, before abruptly standing up and making for the bathroom. ~ The afternoon’s meetings were not among Hux’s career-defining performances, but he managed to get some actual work done all the same. He was a little proud of Pharmacy’s development staff, who in the absence of a CDO had finally -- with his guidance -- taken their first steps into prospect identification and project planning, and he thought they had a decent shot at getting at least one of the grants they were preparing to apply for, if they could work out the damn scope of work and project management structure ahead of time. It was a relief to get back to the office and shut the door and stop trying to look as if he didn’t feel completely dreadful. He swallowed four Zantac with a shot of Pepto and settled down to review the latest drafts of what had to go out that week, which he could have done this damned morning if he hadn’t had to sit through FRC; having to spend the afternoon working on them meant he would need to rewrite the Kuat proposal narrative this evening instead. The office scanner was broken, and had been broken for three days, and Hux was running out of patience with it; rather than leave all the Kuat paperwork in hard copy any further he decided to take it home and bloody well scan it himself, which would be at least one worry off his mind. It would take forever, page by page, but Hux would feel better when it was done. His phone was silent, and had been silent since the morning’s flurry of texts. That at least was a relief; and by the time Hux had finished with the two proposals -- one to the Desilijic Tiure corporation’s philanthropic arm and the other to the Coruscant Foundation -- he had almost forgotten about the morning’s little adventure. He was alone in the office, alone in fact on the entire floor of the building, everyone else long since gone home. Hux stuffed the paperwork into his briefcase, realizing it was nearly half past eight: dark outside, the days not yet lengthened into late spring, and a thin cold rain was falling as he left the building. Hunching his shoulders against the rain, he hurried for his car. He had to sit very still behind the wheel for a few long unpleasant minutes before deciding he wasn’t, actually, going to be sick again just at the moment; and when he did light the Saab’s engine and pull out of the garage he had to concentrate quite hard on the business of driving. Which was probably why, when one of the vans that had been following him for several miles suddenly swerved past to overtake him and then jammed on its brakes, he was able to stop in time -- but not to notice the second van blocking him in from behind until much, much too late. Hux leaned on the horn, angry and shaken, and when one of the men from the van that had cut him off got out into the rain and approached his door, he was halfway through what the fuck is wrong with you before the door was yanked open and something hard and heavy and cold was jammed against his temple, and his adrenaline dumped for the second time that day with an almost audible force. Everything snapped into very sharp and clear focus, and slowed a long way down. Hux could feel his individual heartbeats, one by one, and the orange streetlamp’s light outlining the planes and angles of the man’s head, his shoulder, his arm, was crystalline in its precision, each falling raindrop caught in a slow-motion gleam. The gun’s muzzle against his face was astonishingly cold, painfully cold, as if when it was removed it would tear his skin away. His hands rose from the wheel of their own volition, nerveless, shaking. “ -- et out of the car, ” Hux’s attacker was saying. “ Now! Get out of the fucking car! ” Afterward he would only vaguely remember struggling with the seatbelt, or stumbling out into the night; there was a brief instance of bright drilling pain as his watch was torn off, breaking the bracelet and scraping a curl of skin from his wrist, but after that everything was lost in grueling, violent, painful retching. He fell to his hands and knees in the gutter, bringing up nothing but bile. Somewhere beyond his immediate misery there were curses, exclamations of disgust, and then a car door slammed and tires squealed; and when he could finally stop choking and heaving and raise his head Hux was entirely and utterly alone. It seemed to him, as the rain intensified, beating down on his face in tiny sharp and stinging blows, that this was not a tremendously novel sensation. Chapter 5 The band-aid on Hux’s wrist caught just at the edge of his desk, every single time he reached for the keyboard. It had been four days now, and the little sharp pain still surprised him. It was the kind of pain that cut through the rest of the general misery in a more memorable way than the misery itself: that had settled into a background normal , a new flavor of this is how things are very quickly indeed. He didn’t know quite how long he’d sat on the edge of the curb in the freezing rain -- without his watch, without his phone it was hard to tell, and he hadn’t been paying attention to the time in any case. It had been -- probably an hour, maybe two, before he’d hauled his carcass upright and begun the ten-minute trudge back to campus, to report the carjacking to campus police, and to let himself back into his office with his university ID, still clipped to his coat lapel, for the last of the medicine left in his bottom desk drawer. He had called a cab from the office building, after emailing people, and gotten home sometime around midnight, letting himself in with the spare key hidden by the steps. The rest of the night was gone completely. He had fallen into bed -- or onto the bed, to be more accurate -- still fully clothed, and woken the next day feeling as if he had been rolled around a few times in a concrete mixer, but the physical discomfort was absolutely nothing compared to the dull and horrid recognition of the fact that he had lost the Kuat paperwork . All of it. That particular realization had sent him stumbling to the bathroom, and he had spent twenty minutes convulsed in violent and miserable dry-heaves, the pain almost as bad as the nausea. When it finally let up he crawled into the shower and stayed there until the heat had begun to ease some of the muscle aches, and then forced himself to emerge and get the fuck on with it . The other worst part, other than the you have fucked everything up beyond repair and now not only your job but the jobs of your people are in active jeopardy aspect of the situation, was the concern on people’s faces. He managed not to snarl at them, but it was bloody difficult. Oh my god, are you okay was a stupid thing to say, and you look terrible even worse, and at his absolute best Hux had limited patience for dealing with idiot questions, and he had to retreat into his office and close the door and pretend to be on a phone call so as not to say something he would immediately regret. The police were very little use. They had told him that there was not a great deal that could be done -- what had happened to Hux had clearly been a planned operation, the coordinated movements of the other vehicles blocking him in weren’t a spur-of-the-moment idea. They’ve probably been looking for the right kind of vehicle for a while, and you just got unlucky, sir. We’ll do everything we can, but… But there was no guarantee he would ever see his Saab again, in any form -- with or without all of its parts -- and certainly no hope of retrieving his lost briefcase with the precious Kuat paperwork. So what Hux had done -- what he had been doing, for days now -- was attempting to recreate what he had lost, via careful and thorough searching through his other files and through the email strings for the past fucking year’s worth of records. The fact that this was hopeless had been quickly apparent, but since the alternative was showing up on Snoke’s office doorstep and explaining that he had somehow been incompetent enough to allow crucial and confidential paperwork to be lost to a bunch of carjackers and asking Snoke’s advice on how to break this to Kuat, Hux kept trying. The meetings with other funders which he had not been able to reschedule had gone -- not terribly well, but at least not disastrously. He had been unable to keep much down other than a handful of crackers now and then, and had had to switch from coffee to tea because it hurt less; even so he had gone through two giant family-size bottles of Pepto in four days and was a third of the way into another. The stuff didn’t really seem to help, but not having it did make things worse. But he was scraping the bottom of the barrel now, in terms of email archives. He had managed to piece together quite a lot of the stuff from Arkanis records, but he didn’t have any of the signed originals of any of the paperwork, and almost none of it had been scanned: that was why he’d had the damn papers with him that night in the first place, to take them home and scan them his own self rather than waiting for the people to come fix the department scanner. He could not possibly hope to show up to the meeting with K. Kuat the Fourteenth still scheduled in a fortnight and say well we’re very sorry and we hope you’ll still give us lots of money but all the important records discussing your intentions and financial planning re. the university are probably somewhere in a chop shop in fucking Philadelphia , at least not without being given a great deal of mind-altering substances beforehand. And the only person he knew of who might be capable of prescribing mind-altering substances in an irresponsible fashion was Dr. Kylo Ren, and there was no way in any of the hells he would ever, ever, ever, ever ask him for help. Not that he could have, had he wanted to. Hux’s phone had been in his briefcase with the rest of the important things, and he hadn’t had the time to go down to a fucking Verizon store and buy a new one and go through all the rigmarole of having it set up: he had simply called the customer service line from his office phone to report the thing stolen and picked up a cheap burner at the convenience store on his way home. He had most of his important contacts memorized, but not Ren. He’d had a 240 number: that was all Hux could clearly remember. Nothing mattered other than this, what he was busy trying to snatch out of the jaws of fucking Nemesis: the information he needed for the closing with Kuat, and which, as time went by, was more and more clearly not going to be found. He had told his team what he had to tell them, when he got in the day after the disaster. The actual details of the carjacking weren’t important, and Hux had not bothered to share any of that: simply told them that the hard copies of Kuat were gone, that he needed their help to try and track down all the details that they could. He had not explained to any great extent just how badly in trouble they were, because -- at the time -- he had thought that with any luck he’d be able to fix this before it actually broke open and started bleeding, and there was no need to worry anyone unduly over something they couldn’t hope to fix themselves. They had taken it as well as could be expected, he thought, staring blankly into the computer screen. Mitaka had been worried. Phasma, too, although she hid it beautifully; Thanisson had looked frightened but upsettingly trusting , as if he had no doubt at all that Hux would pull this thing together. He thought vaguely that Thanisson had seemed off yesterday afternoon, pale and sort of anxious, and that Phasma had said she’d sent him home early: hopefully the kid wasn’t in for the virus that was apparently making the office rounds. (Hopefully Hux wasn’t either, although right now he honestly doubted if he’d notice much.) He swallowed hard against renewed acid in his throat. It was -- fuck, it was already late afternoon, no, evening , and he was coming up against the awful but unsurprising little realization that he was entirely out of options. Just as he closed his eyes against the clanging headache that had taken up residence between his temples there was a knock at his office door, and Phasma opened it enough to peer through. “Everybody’s gone,” she said. “It’s past six-thirty, Hux. You should -- you should go home.” He looked at her through a haze of misery. “Go on,” he said. “Get out of here, it’s supposed to rain later.” “You should go home,” she repeated. “You -- look, I wouldn’t normally say this but you look terrible.” He felt terrible. “I can’t,” he said, and didn’t mean it to sound quite so icy or cutting as it actually came out: I can’t with an unspoken rider of and it’s a bloody stupid thing to say, not to mention not your business . Phasma’s shoulders stiffened. “Right,” she said, as unemotional as a rock. “Just -- take care, okay? See you tomorrow.” “Yes,” he said, and she retreated, closing the door with an audible click . Hux dropped his face into his hands, pressed his palms hard over his eyesockets as if this would somehow push away the pain; golden geometrical spangles slid across the darkness. When he sat up again his vision was blurred for a minute or two. It didn’t have any effect on what the screen was showing him. He was fucked. Comprehensively, utterly, in profound detail. He was going to have to call Snoke’s assistant for a meeting first thing in the morning, and then who knew if he’d be packing up his meager belongings in a banker’s box by lunchtime -- that was almost acceptable, as a prospect, but the idea of putting his people out of their jobs was what really hurt, much worse than the awful gnawing pain in his stomach, worse than the headache, than the dizziness and nausea. He stared into the monitors for long enough that the screens went black, and then went on staring, unaware of the passage of time, unaware of much of anything other than misery. When the motion-sensor lights outside his office kicked on -- it was one of the building’s conceits, motion-sensor switches that turned the lights off if no one was moving, to save energy -- Hux did not notice a difference; did not notice, in fact, that anyone was approaching until the door had already opened, silhouetting a figure against the fluorescent glow. In his office everything was dark except the desk lamp. The figure stopped in the doorway. Tall. Tall and -- not Phasma, Phasma’s hair didn’t do that. Hux struggled to dislodge his mind from the mire of fatigue and misery, squinting at the person in his doorway, and then had to squeeze his eyes shut with a muttered oath when a long hand reached out to switch the overhead light on. “What the fuck,” said the figure, in unmistakable tones. Hux managed not to groan, unpeeling his fingers from his face and squinting at Kylo Ren. “What,” he said, after a moment, “are you doing here?” Ren was still standing in the doorway, a folder held in the crook of his arm, eyeing Hux with what appeared to be appalled surprise. “What happened to you?” he demanded. “Nothing,” said Hux. “I’m...a little busy just at the moment, if you don’t mind.” “I mind a lot.” Ren took the four steps from the door to Hux’s desk and dropped his folder onto the polished wood with a flat smacking sound. “What the fuck? ” He couldn’t help a wince. “Like I said,” he repeated, “I’m busy. I’m sure if you come back in the morning someone will be available to engage you in pointless argument, Dr. Ren, but right now is not really a good time.” “They said you got carjacked,” Ren said. “Not that you were at death’s door, Hux, what the fuck , you look --” “Who said?” Hux sat up a little, hand going to his stomach: god, it felt like there was glass in there, like his insides were coming unmoored in a welter of hot and miserable acid. Now that his eyes had adjusted a little he could make Ren’s face out in more detail, and there was -- an expression he couldn’t quite parse on those features. “Who said what?” “Your --” Ren waved a hand irritably. “Your kid. The one with the weird name.” “Thanisson?” “Yeah, him. I ran into him in the hospital cafeteria the other day.” Hux thought vaguely about how sick Thanisson had looked a couple of afternoons ago, and pictured him facing down Kylo Ren all by his lonesome. “What did you do to him?” “I didn’t do anything,” Ren said, “we had a polite conversation, that’s all. About you not having the basic professional courtesy to answer your fucking phone calls.” “I’m busy,” said Hux, “as I think I have now stated twice, so unless you have some really pressing reason to be here, Doctor Ren, I’d count it a profound blessing if you’d go away.” He was feeling more and more nauseated. He’d been sick already, twice, since getting here at eight that morning. If Ren would just vacate the premises Hux could get it over with quickly -- well, not quickly, it seemed to take forever, even if he had nothing to be sick with -- but Ren didn’t seem to be taking either a hint or a direct request to leave. It would, he thought, just put the cherry on top of this miserable fucking day to have Ren witness this particular little humiliation. “No really,” Ren said, still eyeing him with what Hux thought was thoroughly uncalled-for intensity, “what’s the matter with you? Did -- were you hurt?” “I’m fine ,” he said. “I am attempting against all odds to save not only my job but the jobs of my staff and I do not need you here right now, Ren, I would really like it if you would fuck off and let me try to -- to --” There were no other places to look, were there? All his avenues of possible approach were dead ends. There simply was not an answer to this particular problem which Hux was capable, right now, of locating. It was almost freeing, the realization. He had run out of options. There was nothing he could do. He could, perhaps, stop trying . He could go home. Maybe he could do that. And even if he lost his job in the morning, even if he was unemployed this time tomorrow evening, it would take a while for the bank to decide it wanted his house back. He could -- he could maybe get some sleep. That might be possible. Even as the thought slipped through the morass of his mind Hux was reaching out to turn the computer off. His face and hands and arms were tingling, almost thrumming, and the floor felt oddly unsteady underneath his chair. He ignored it, pushing himself upright, and -- -- fizzing, brilliant sparkles swarmed in from the edges of his vision to block out the room completely -- -- the floor tipped sharply under his feet, the deck of a ship in heavy seas, and he stumbled, reaching out for the edge of his desk to steady himself, missing by a mile -- -- somewhere someone was saying words he couldn’t make out, startled-sounding, abrupt -- Hux only caught his name; and then there was simply nothing else to think. # He regained awareness slowly, little by little. Gravity had changed direction. It was -- pulling to the side, pressing against Hux’s shoulder, ribs, hip, rather than his feet. No. He was -- -- lying on something, why was he lying down, what had happened, that wasn’t right at all, he had been...what, about to...leave? To go home. Because everything was over. Slowly details filtered back into Hux’s mind. He had been about to leave and -- Ren had been there, and -- “Stay still,” somebody said, and Hux immediately tried to sit up, with no success whatsoever: the sparkles were back almost at once, and he groaned, slumping back against the cushions of what he belatedly identified as his own office couch. His mouth was sour with acid, his teeth dull and rough with it. Oh God , he thought, miserably, I must have been sick again, he must have seen it, and wished heartily and helplessly for some kind and providential god to strike him dead as soon as possible. “Stay still ,” I said,” the voice told him, sounding annoyed, and then Hux was lifted with a care he found astonishing, and the cushions rearranged so he could lie propped against them half-reclining; the drowning nausea retreated a little. He blinked slowly as Kylo Ren came into view, kneeling beside the couch. “How long has this been going on?” Ren asked. “What?” Hux wasn’t very clear on much of anything just at the moment. “How long,” Ren repeated, “have you been ill? When was the last time you could keep food down?” He had to think about that. “...what day is it?” Ren sat back on his heels, as if this were sufficient answer. “I see,” he said. “And the last time you saw a gastroenterologist?” Hux blinked at him slowly. From this angle Ren’s hair was haloed by the light from the desk lamp, and he was all white and black and huge dark eyes and intensity. Like a thundercloud , he thought. Like a thundercloud with two doctorates and no sense of propriety. He watched as Ren shoved a hand through the dark tumbled waves of hair, visited by an absurd desire to reach out and touch it, to see if it was as soft and silky as it looked. Under the hair Ren looked both annoyed and -- something else, something Hux couldn’t identify through the haze of pain and exhaustion and nausea. “Why...are you here?” he asked, after a moment or two, having no answer for Ren’s own query. “What are you doing in my office?” “Well,” said Ren, “I had come over to share with you what I gather might be useful information regarding the various Kuat philanthropic organizations, out of the goodness of my heart, but in point of actual fact what I am about to do is take you to the goddamn emergency room, Director, before you perforate. It would make such a mess.” Perforate? Hux thought, perplexed, and struggled up to a sitting position. “What do you mean, information regarding the various Kuat philanthropic organizations , where did -- what -- how --” Too late he realized that sitting up had been a somewhat unwise decision, as the sparkles surged back across his visual field; but this time Hux was aware in the moments of consciousness left to him that he was not falling but held , caught securely in strong arms, and his cheek came to rest against a warm chest, and the steady rhythm of someone else’s heart caught up with him and followed him down into the dark.