The Hogwarts Express - Time to make Friends So much noise rained down around him. Owls screeching, kids bashing their trolleys around the place, trunks being dragged unceremoniously across the floor. Finn just stood and took it all in, breathing in the stifling smoke filled air. Families lingered on the platform making it impossible to get to the train without pushing past. Finn didn't mind. He'd been crowded since he could remember. Be one of the crowd, he told himself, not a individual. That was all going to change as soon as he got through this crowd. Finn decided that at Hogwarts at least he was going to be free. He was going to be Finn. He wasn't going to listen to orders or be a underling. He was going to make friends and be important as part of a group. Well important enough. He pushed his trolley straight up to the train. He thought he'd done it with little to no fuss but in actual fact he left a few broken toes along the way. He pushed his trolley in front of a open door and started to wonder how he was going to get it onto the train when he heard two squabbling voices behind him. The voices belonged to two boys the same age as Finn. The shorter one who had fiery ginger hair slicked back neatly, talked with a lisp and was trying to motivate the taller dark haired boy to get the trunks on the train BEFORE he ran off to flirt with girls. The taller of the two had his wand out in a obvious attempt to magic the trunks onto the train, much to the chagrin of the shorter boy. Finn could see the anger rise red in the boys face whilst his friend looked bored of the argument. Finn couldn't help but think that they had probably had this kind of argument before. Seeing a opportunity not only to get help but to make friends Finn swung his trolley around and pushed it towards the two boys. "Ben, you know full well we are not allowed to use magic before we get to the school. You'd think you'd want to avoid getting in trouble on your very first day. You know what your mother is like." "I get it, I get it. You're too scared that someone will care if two kids use magic so we have to get the trunks on ourselves.. Fine. But I've told you before not to call me that in front of all these people. Ben isn't my name any more, call me it once more and I'll hex you were you stand Hux." Sensing they were being watched the taller of them, Not Ben, turned to look at Finn who smiled weakly at them both and waved. The smile wavered and the hand fell to his side when he felt the intensity of the glares he was faced with. "What do you want?" Not Ben said in his lazy high pitched voice. "Well... I heard you were having problems getting your trunks on board and I thought I'd come and help. I'm here on my own so I kinda need the help." The smaller of the two, Hux or Hex or something like that, nodded curtly at Finn. Between the three of them they managed to get all three trunks into a compartment, the only other occupant being a tall girl who neither paid them any attention or offered to help. They all sat waiting for the train to leave, Finn sat next to the girl but she said nothing to him. In the end he just spent his time watching the two boys squabble. From their arguments he deduced that Not Ben liked to be called Kyle or Kylo or something like that. The shorter boy was indeed called Hux and his sneering lispy voice made it hard to catch what he was calling the other boy other then he was calling him it with contempt. When the train started to move Finn felt the excitement settle in the carriage, the other two boys stopped squabbling and instead the conversation turned to what house they'd all be sorted into. A conversation that Finn was allowed to join in with. "Well, my parents want me to join Ravenclaw" Hux said proudly "apparently it is where my father was put and they can't see me going anywhere else." Kyle made a ugly face at Hux before answering himself. "I'll be Slytherin like my Grandfather. He was one of the greatest Wizards of all time, he..." but Finn never got to hear what Kyle's grandfather had done as Hux cut him off "yes, yes I'm sure EVERYONE will hear all about your grandfather and what he did. I've heard it about 100 times, I don't need to hear it again. Then again... What about your mother? Or your father?" A sly grin spread across Hux's face, knowing it was a touchy subject, whilst Kyle flinched at the mention of his parents and turned white "what of them? I'm more like my Grandfather then either of them." Changing the subject he looked up at Finn "and what about you?" Finn lost his train of thought under the firey look that Kyle had thrown him. "M...M...Me?" he managed to stammer weakly before the girl answered instead. "I will also be in Slytherin. It is the grandest of the Houses and any other is weak." They all looked at her, she hadn't turned her gaze from the window, after a moment wondering if she'd say something else the two boys returned their gazes to Finn. It was time for him to answer, he hadn't thought about it. Did it matter? Obviously it did. "Well... I guess Slytherin would be a good House?" The wrong answer. If looks could kill Kyle had murdered him two or three times over already. Hux just shrugged and changed the conversation. Finn couldn't keep up with them, they talked seamlessly together. The two seemed to have known each other for a long time. It didn't matter to Finn though, he felt like he'd made friends. Hours into the journey there came a crash from outside which made Hux raise his eyebrow. Finn had realised he was someone who wouldn't waste any emotions on anything he thought of as unimportant. Unless it was arguing with Kyle. Kyle on the other hand seemed to love to be in the thick of any and all drama, being the cause of much of it in Hux's life. Or at least Hux liked to make it sound that way. Kyle stood up and opened the door just to have a boy with a mass of dark wavy hair fall onto him. Hux tried, and failed, to hide a smile whilst Finn just sat there with his mouth wide open. The girl in the corner stood up and picked up the newcomer in one hand like he weighed nothing. "Ohhh I'm sorry, we were playing in the corridors. I just so happened to be leaning on the door when you opened it." He looked around the compartment with a big smile on his face. Not getting the feeling of not being wanted he continued as Kyle picked himself off the floor. "First years as well? I'm Poe, Poe Dameron. Any of you Quidditch fans? I plan on being the greatest Quidditch player the world has ever seen." He smiled even wider but his announcement hadn't impressed anyone. Kyle wiped dust off his clothes and glared at him. "I hope you have better balance on a broom then you have on your feet." The anger poured into every word but Poe seemed unaware that he'd just pissed someone off. Laughing he turned to face Kyle "yeah sorry about that again!" There was a silence before Hux, obviously enjoying the moment but fast to take control, decided to end this. "I think we can let him go now yes? We wouldn't want to spoil his and his friends little game now would we?" The girl nodded slightly, dropping Poe to the floor. Poe stood up, smiled again and left. Kyle stood leant against the window, his fists balled up in rage. "Well, now you've had your fun I think we better start getting ready. Its getting dark so I'm sure we're nearly there." Hux was terrible at hiding his joy at seeing his friend being knocked over but everyone agreed that it was indeed time to get ready. Finn waited out in the corridor with Hux and Kyle while the girl got ready, when she was ready she marched out, towering over all three of them. It was the boys turn to get ready, it wasn't a easy thing to do, all three had longish limbs and kept hitting each other as they removed their muggle clothes. Hux got the worst of the battering from Kyle, getting angrier at every fake apology. Finn couldn't help but be impressed, all three were wearing the same uniform but whilst his hung off him Hux had managed to make himself look neat and commanding whilst Kyle's flowed around him. Finally they arrived, the announcement told them to leave their things which sent a sigh of relief from Finn who had no idea if he could get his trunk off the train again. He followed his new friends off and could see Poe exiting not far from them with a girl who looked just as annoyed at him as they were. Or... Had he been annoying? Finn wasn't too sure if he had found him that annoying, he was nice, but he wasn't going to admit that. A giant creature was calling out for the first years to follow it. Or that is what they gathered, it had big ears and a long tongue and no one understood a word it was actually saying. "I can't believe they'd entrust first years to a Gungan" spat Hux, his distaste for this funny creature showing on every inch of his face. The first years were put on boats which hurried them across the lake to the castle on the far side. Finn stared at it, mouth hanging open once more. It was the biggest thing he'd seen in his life. No one else on his boat seemed impressed. Kyle just stared at it with hatred. On the other side they were escorted up to the castle, across the great hall into a small room. Finn could hear voices coming from the main chamber and suddenly felt very small, he tried to keep close to Kyle and Hux but they seemed to have forgotten him. Suddenly a lady appeared before them and introduced herself as Deputy Head Mistress Professor Leia, she led them into the Great Hall. Finn couldn't find his breath, he was nervous. So many people looking at him. For the first time ever he hoped they were just looking at him as part of the crowd and not a individual. He didn't know how they were going to be picked for the various Houses but he didn't like the attention he was getting. Hux had a look of complete concentration on his face, he was deathly pale anyway so it was hard to tell much from his complexion. It was impossible to tell how the girl was feeling, she just stared straight ahead. As for Kyle something seemed odd about him, for the first time Finn felt real scared looking at him, he seemed to emit electricity from him. They were marched towards a high table where the professors all sat. Some looked wise, others looked terrifying but the Headmaster smiled kindly at them as he sat cross legged at the middle of the table. Professor Leia put down a stool with a old battered hat on top of it. Finn looked at it in confused silence, suddenly it screamed out a song that didn't leave anyone feeling comfortable... Long, long ago, In a hat shop far away, I was stitched together by the Force, To judge all that I see. Helping balance out the order, You couldn't trust a good old helmet, Nothing truly knows you better, Then the Force that awaits in me. You can hide nothing from my greatness, When you put me on your head, I'm the only creation in this Galaxy, Who can tell you where you ought to be. You might belong in Gryffindor, Where dwell the brave at heart, Their crazy stunts and endless meddling, Set Gryffindors apart. You might belong in Hufflepuff, The House you'll never hear from, As they don't have a part to play, Only background characters get sorted there. Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw, If your smart enough to beat me, I have a question I must ask you all, I doubt none of you will beat me. Or perhaps in Slytherin, You'll make your real friends, They're all ass holes the whole lot of them, But at least they don't try and hide it. So come try me on, don't pee your pants, Lets have a little chat, I'm the safest thing in this story, For I'm just a stupid hat. Finn glared in anger at the hat which was bowing before the four House tables. He couldn't believe a school would put their students futures into a talking hat that just insulted pretty much everyone in the room. Hux, who was stood next to him, didn't seem to have paid attention. In fact him and Kyle were arguing again under their breath. Suddenly names were being called out. "Peeches, Alijose" Professor Leia called out. A girl pushed past Finn, turning around to glare at him, and walked towards the hat. Within seconds of putting the hat on the hat screamed out "HUFFLEPUFF" and the girl jogged off to her table. Finn sniffed in triumph. What had that mangy old hat said? "The House you'll never see?" Ha! That will teach her right. Finn wasn't going to be forgotten in a House that didn't matter. Clindarr, Burmridi was up next. He ran up, fell over the top stair and jammed the hat so far own his head that after it screamed "HUFFLEPUFF" Leia had to yank it back of for him. Well... This was going well thought Finn, embarrassed at his own First Year comrades. Camrow, Jeffnew and Dormela, Landrus were both Ravenclaws. Dameron, Poe was put in Gryffindor, his smile back on his smug face. Dejsha, Rakshi was a Gryffindor too whilst his twin brother Dejsha, Austray was the first Slytherin. Then came Finn's turn. He looked towards Hux who was paying no attention. He walked up to the hat and turned seeing that finally Hux and Kyle were paying attention. The hat was placed on his head and a voice inside his head sharply demanded a answer to "if you were to build a Death Star is there a problem with putting a hole in it? Even a tiny little one? And even though its floating in space?" Finn hesitated, the hat did say it had a question to ask, knowing that Hux would know the answer he swore in his mind "Language" the hat replied before Finn answered "No?" "GRYFFINDOR" shouted the hat. Instantly Finn knew this was the wrong House. The Gryffindors were up on their feet cheering, Poe was jumping up and down and giving him the thumbs up, Finn sat as far away from him as he could, back to the Slytherin table hoping that at least he would be able to talk to Kyle if he was indeed sorted into Slytherin. When Hux was called Finn was certain that he could see a exasperated look on his face. Finn was pretty sure that when the hat shouted out "SLYTHERIN" he understood the look, he'd decided to answer the question wrong to be put in a House with Kyle. The hat itself seemed to be humoured when he called it out, Hux marched to the Slytherin table and sat directly bhind Finn. It felt like Hux didn't care where Finn had been sitting and it was just a coincidence they ended up back to back. When it came to Kyle's name Finn was surprised to learn that he was actually a Kylo. The name seemed to deeply upset Leia, as he swept past her, his magnificent hair flowing behind him, she looked at him sadly. The hat didn't even need to be placed on his head before it screamed out in pain "SLYTHERIN" and as he walked to join Hux Leia put one hand over her eyes. He wondered what it was that Kylo's Grandfather had done because even other teachers on the table looked upset, one looked beside himself. The girl that had been with Poe turned out to be a Rey, she also turned out to be a Gryffindor and also refused to sit anywhere near Poe. The girl that had sat next to Finn turned out to be called Phasma and was also instantly made a Slytherin. It might have been her dream to be with them but her face was as emotionless as it had been all day. Finn started to feel real lonely now, he might have been sorted into a House with a friendly bunch of people but his friends weren't there with him. It felt like the universe was out to get him. The little green Headmaster had cleared his throat. Everyone went silent. "Meal Time it is. Enjoy it you will." As Finn tried to understand what the Headmaster had said food appeared in front of him. He heard more squabbling behind him and had the sudden urge to turn around and listen to his two friends as he had done so on the train. The thought was bubbling inside of him when a handful of mash potato came flying out of nowhere and hit him square in the face. The stern voice of Professor Leia telling Poe to behave was drowned out by the laughing that was coming from Poe. Finn couldn't tell if he liked Poe or not but before he could ponder on it any more Kylo slammed his fist down on the Gryffindor table and turned his full attention to Poe. "Do that again to my minion and I'll make you choke on all the mash potato in the world." Finn was happy that Kylo had stuck up for him but was worried about the use of the word minion, he muttered his thanks as Kylo returned to argue with Hux who hadn't even turned. Well at least he had friends. After the food had disappeared the Headmaster continued to talk in his strange way, Finn was sure he was telling everyone where they could and couldn't go but he wasn't too sure. He wished someone would tell the guy to speak properly but it seemed that everyone else understood him perfectly. He missed being told to leave, suddenly everyone was raising from their seats and Finn found himself being pulled up by a older boy and dragged along being told that if he sat there with his mouth open for too much longer they'd send him off to Hufflepuff. In the hallway Finn saw Hux and Kylo being flanked by Phasma disappearing into a door in the wall. He was sure the boy that was showing them the way up to their common room was taking the piss, they seemed to be taking a long tour of the whole castle. When they finally stopped at a painting of a Gold Robot Finn was knackered. The boy who had been leading the way looked straight in the Robots eyes.... Or straight into the painted on Robot looking eyes and shouted "PADAWAN and no we don't need to hear any of your stories just open the damned door." The Robot, as much as it could in its painting, looked taken aback. "Oh I'm so sorry if you don't like my stories young Sir. I'm sure maybe next time I could interest you in one." It hurried about moving out of the way and suddenly the painting swung open, hitting one of the other first years who wasn't expecting it to swing open, and unveiling the doorway to the Gryffindor Common Room. Finn had known the older boy had been taking the piss, the rest of the Gryffindors were already in the room, all the chairs had been taken and he guess it was the right of passage. The younger guys being kept behind so the older ones could chill out. Finn found his bedroom, he had to share with the other First Years which just so happened to mean he was going to spend the next few years of his life in the same room as Poe. Again he couldn't tell whether this was good or bad news but remembering how angry Kylo had been for the last few hours with Poe he decided he understood that Poe was the enemy. When Poe finally came upstairs to bed Finn glared at him. Poe stopped in his tracks "are you alright? You look like you might be sick." Finn growled, not taking his eyes off of Poe as he got ready for bed, he climbed into the bed and pulled the curtains around him still glaring at Poe. Five minutes later as Poe was sitting on the edge of his bed talking to the others he saw Finn's hand reaching out from between his curtains. His diary was on the bedside cabinet next to him, Poe watched him grope for it for a few seconds before picking it up and placing it in Finn's hand. Finn growled withdrawing his hand, then thought better of it and mumbled "thanks" to Poe who replied "no problems." Dear Diary, You won't believe it! My first day at Hogwarts and I already have three friends and a enemy! I don't understand what the Headmaster says and its obvious that everyone here is batshit crazy but I'm here! I'm really here! Tomorrow I get to learn all about magic. I hope we have loads and loads of lessons with the Slytherin's as my friends all got sorted into that House. I ended up in Gryffindor. I don't understand why, I don't meddle and I also don't do crazy shit. Plus I'm not very brave. I really wanted to go to Slytherin apparently that is where you find your true friends. No wonder all my friends were in Slytherin. Though if I ever decide to become Headmaster of this school the first thing I'm doing is burning that hat. Oh and I'm sharing a bedroom with a idiot. This is so exciting!!! Finn P.S. Reminder to self. find out why I'm Kylo's minion."