It was surprisingly easy to mask her scent, especially in a village full of mostly betas, and a few alphas who had already found mates. She had a large supply of scent blocking herbs in her garden, and rubbing them on her skin daily seemed to work at keeping unwanted alphas, and potentially forced bonding to take place.she was happy with her little cottage close to the outskirts of the village, and was basically the doctor of this area. Her planet was relatively primitive, though, she did have a service bot, whom she called Shurly, that helped her with her patients. She was smaller than most betas, but not small enough to make it obvious that she was, in fact, an omega; most people just saw her as a smaller beta. She was quite happy with her small cottage, that doubled as her office, and her joy in her life was her garden, where she grew everything from food to herbs she used in her treatments. She was in her garden when they came. People often visualized the First Order coming during the night, but this had happened only a little bit after lunch. She had just finished seeing a patient about a broken leg, and had quickly set and put a cast on in and was now mindlessly tending to her sprouts. That was when the screaming had started. It was far away at first, and she had assumed that it was some of the children playing an annoying game and were chasing each other. She visioned herself, one day having children, but that would mean that she would have to take an alpha. Also, if she were to come out as an omega, she would then be treated as a second class citizen, especially in her village. She sighed and shook her head and continued to weed her plants. Then there were more screaming, then the smell of smoke. This was when she looked up to a sight I sheer horror. The First Order ship that were coming through the atmosphere. She knew she had to act quickly, she grabbed some one her scent blocking herbs, quickly and grabbed a few more essential items and shoved them all into a bag and ran out through a small back gate she had in her garden. Luckily, since her house was on the more outside part of town, it was easier for her to slip into the forest that surrounded her village. She could help but feel terrible for the people that she was leaving behind, but she realized there was little that she could do. Silent tears fell as she ran through the forest. She then heard footsteps coming from behind her. She quickly looked behind her, which, in turn, caused her to trip over a fallen stump. She stayed there, hoping that whoever she heard, wouldn't find her or that it was another villager trying to escape. She couldn't get up anyway, her leg hurt to much, and she assumed that it was now broken. She let her head fall and allowed her tears to fall freely. Unfortunately, for her, the footsteps were neither those of a villager, nor was it ones of a storm trooper, no, it was those of the infamous Kylo Ren. When he had landed, he was overwhelmed by the scent of unclaimed omega. Strange, he thought, he had smelt unclaimed omega before, but it was never that pungent and he could easily ignore it. This, however, awoke his inner alpha and immediately ran towards the source of it. He was originally here for a rumored artifact that was buried somewhere in the woods surrounding this village that was rumored to hold some great power within it. That was now all forgotten as he ran through the forest. He could now smell fear, and something else now, pain? He ran a few more steps and came across a girl. The scent was at it's fullest now, he could barely control himself from claiming her right there. Fighting of his temptation, he crouched down to her level. She looked up at him, fear evident in her eyes. She tried to move away, but couldn't, her leg prevented her from going anywhere, it was bent at an odd angle, and when she tried to move, it only caused pain to shoot up her leg. She was shaking now, Kylo felt something stir up in his chest now. A desire to take care of this girl, this omega. He swiped his hand in the air in front of her and she blacked out instantly. Chapter 2 Summary: Yay, i added a chapter. This part maybe a little (or a lot) bit corny, I'm sorry. Okay , love you guys, bye. She was shifting in and out of consciousness by the time he had got her to the ship. He was reluctant to leave her in the care of his storm troopers and medical bots, but he realized he still had to find the relic. As he was about to turn away from the room that she was placed, he noticed something around her neck. He bent down to look at it closer, and realized that it looked exactly like the relic that he had been reaching for. He quickly communicated to the troopers to leave, and said that he had found what he was looking for. Force, this girl was meant for him. He sat down by her head, and lifted it into his lap as the droids fixed her confirmed broken leg. She subconsciously nuzzled towards the warmth that he radiated. In her sleep, she could not escape her true nature. The shuttle began to take off and the girl was now beginning to stir. Kylo stroked her (H/L) hair, which only caused her to open her eyes. When she realized where she was, and, that in fact she wasn't in her bed in her cottage, she sprung up from the alpha's lap only to fall due to her useless leg. Kylo was quick to get up and moved to pick her back up and place her on the medical table, only to have her hiss at him and back away into a corner. He continued his advance as the omega coward. What she wasn't expecting the alpha to do was wrap his arms around her shaking form and start to purr for her. It was an odd sound, coming from the mask, it was like a really low rumble. Realizing this, he quickly released her and released his mask. And, it was what she was least expecting, he looked young, probably in his thirties. He had long black curly hair that went to his shoulders and soft brown eyes. Though, the most striking feature that she noticed, was the scar that ran across his face. He turned his neck to allow her to scent him, but she still stayed where she was, seemingly frozen in place. Fear was again eminent in her eyes, and it was rolling off of her in waves. She had so many questions, "Where am I?" "Why me?" "Why my village, my planet?"how did you find out what I am?""What do you want with me?" and most prominently, "Are you going to claim me.?" She ducked her head into her chest and curled in on herself. This wasn't supposed to happen, the herbs were supposed to work. Tears now began to fall again from her eyes onto her chest. The alpha removed her arms from around her knees and lifted her chin up to met his gaze. "I'm not going to hurt you little one." He spoke with a low, baritone voice. He placed his he gloved hands to her cheeks and wiped away the fallen tears on her cheeks. "I only wish to help you. Your leg, it's broken, it needs to be fixed." He chided. This time, when he went to lift her, she went willingly. He gently laid her back on the table and stepped back as the droids went back to their work. Ren left the room for a few moments to prepare his room for the omega. He then returned promptly and watched from the corner nearest the door, just to make sure the medical staff didn't hurt her. She winced a few times when they sterilized the various cuts and the area where they were to put the bacta. Once that was on her leg, the droids backed away, since now it was only a matter of time before the leg was completely functional again. She was surprised when the man came into her peripheral vision again and lifted her from the table and carried her out of the small room. He went down a small corridor and opened another door that looked to be a bedroom. She became afraid again,this alpha was going to claim her against her will. Kylo quickly sensed this and quickly shushed her. "No, no love, I'm not that kind of alpha, I'm not going to do that, hush." He adjusted her in his arms and gently laid her on the bed. The alpha, while she was being fixed, went and found any extra pillows and blankets that he could find and arranged them on his bed. He knew that omegas feel safer and more comfortable surrounded by plenty of linens, and he wanted her to be as comfortable as possible. He was the one, after all, who kidnapped her. He adjusted the bed and covered her with the blankets, and she naturally snuggled into them. She was beginning to feel drowsy, probably due to the stress, and quickly fell asleep. Kylo smiled to himself and sat on the edge of the bed. He couldn't help himself as he threaded his fingers through her hair. He had found an omega, it was now just a matter of getting his her to trust him. Chapter 3 Summary: Hehehehe.... I'm going to Hell. The last line is really cheesy I am sooooo sorry, but I could come up with any better wording. Enjoy In her dreams, she dreamed of her past. Her parents were both betas who still followed the same prejudice that most people in their galaxy held. Omegas were at the bottom of society, their only purpose was to be claimed by an alpha and bare children. Betas were, well, betas, and alphas were at the top of the chain. Mainly heads of organizations and businesses. When she had presented at the age of sixteen, her parents were mortified and locked her in her room until her first heat had passed. The poor girl had been so scared, she had no idea what was going on, her parents had assumed that since all of her other siblings had turned out beta, that she would too. Her parents thus, didn't feel the need to tell her about heat and ruts and things of that matter. When her heat had eventually passed, her parents were already looking for an eligible alpha for her. They barely paid attention to her after that. ------- She woke up after that, staring at a metallic ceiling, she remembered she was no longer in her old cottage. She felt a hand running though her hair and froze. As if the owners hand sense her distraught, it stopped. She slowly turned to face her captor. Soft eyes met hers, and she quickly looked away. "Are you feeling alright?" She heard him spoke. She merely nodded and tried to burrow herself farther into the pile of blankets. "We're going to be landing soon, your leg won't be healed enough by then, I need you to let me carry you when we land." Fear ran through her, carry her where? Here she was with a strange alpha who had just burned down her village, then he takes her to this ship and fixes her legs brings her to bed and then doesn't claim her. Maybe when he brings her to this place he'll claim her?! The knight had read all of these thoughts running through her head. "No, no ,no, no I'm not going to do that to you, I only wish to help you." There was a pause "We will be landing within a few minutes, I will be back to escort you." With that he got up and left the room and the girl was left with her thoughts. As he had promised, after she felt the ship land, he came into the room again, this time with his mask back on, and lifted her out of the bed along with the blankets that she was wrapped up in. He lead them both down the ramp and into a large platform with other ships around them. There were many betas in white armor, similar to those that had assisted in the destruction of her village. What really stood out to her, however, was the red-haired alpha that was at the bottom of the ramp. "Ren." He greeted "General" "What is it that is beneath those blankets?" "The artifact." He replied briefly, and with that he passed him by, and continued his journey to his quarters. It was an awkward adjustment, but Kylo did finally manage to punch in the code to open the door to his quarters and bring her inside. It was a sparsely furnished room with two doors coming from the main room. He gently set the omega on the couch and opened one of the doors. (Y/N) peeked her head out of her fortress of blankets to get a better look at her surroundings. She was on a couch, in front of this piece of furniture was a coffee table, and along the walls there seemed to be a large display of books on bookshelves. She looked behind the place where she was seated and saw a desk, a dining table and what seemed to be a kitchen area. Kylo, after a few minutes, reappeared from the door with his mask off, and lifted the girl up again and took her into the same room. He gently laid her on the mattress and unraveled her from her cocoon of blankets. That was when he noticed the charm that hung around the omega's neck again. "Where did you get this." He said, lifting the pendent to get a closer look at it. In a quiet, still scared voice, she hesitantly replied "I-I was taking a walk, o-one day, a-and I came a-a crossed it. I th-thought it looked p-pretty, and s-so, since I-I didn't really have any n-nice things, I picked i-it up." She curled in on herself after her explanation. "I see." He replied and let the necklace drop. Thinking of nothing else to say, and not wanting the silence that lingered to be awkward, he added "Are you hungry?" The girl nodded slightly. "I will go make us something, if you wish to clean yourself up, the 'fresher is through there." He pointed to the door that was was across from the bed. With that he left her to herself and exited the room. (Y/N) waited a few minutes, to make sure that he wouldn't come back and make her nightmares a reality, and slowly got up from the bed. She padded her way to the 'fresher and shut and lock the door (just in case). In her cottage, she had a simple shower which as controlled by two nobs to control the temperature. This one, however, when she stepped into a small glass chamber, had many different buttons and handles that she had no idea how to use. She saw a nob and turned it upwards, there was then a stream of water that came from a few places around the area that was surround by glass. She quickly got out of the 'fresher before her and her clothes could get too wet and quickly disrobed. She stepped in and was shocked by how cold it was. After playing with the various nobs and buttons, she finally got the water temperature right. When she was done, she realized that she had no other clothes to change into. So, she opted to go back into her still dirty and bloody clothes and walked out the door. She walked through the bedroom into the main room to find Kylo sitting at the table with a few plates of food on it. He motioned her over, but then she froze. Finally coming out of her daze from the combination of leftover adrenaline and pain killers from her surgery, finally was fully aware of what just happened. He had just taken her from her home, and now it seems that their playing house now. "Love?" She heard. She decided, in the rush of things, that this would be the time to make a break for the door. She quickly pushed the button that opened the door and sprinted out into the corridor, with a now distressed Kylo following behind her, now going into Alpha mode. Chapter 4 Summary: This is trash, this is all trash, But what do you expect from trash. This is bad, I'm sorry. I'm also sorry I made Hux the bad guy, but technically, aren't they all the "bad guy"? The only though that ran through head at this moment was "get away, bad alpha, run." She was running down random halls just trying to be the alpha of her tail, but despite her efforts, he always seemed to be just a few feet behind her. Even when she made random turns down intersections of the ship, he always seemed to know which way she was going. Storm troopers and officers alike, were hurriedly getting out of my he way, afraid of being run over by the commander. She was going to run out of energy soon, they both knew this. Her leg was still healing, and the fact that she had made it this far was surprising. She needed to find a way out of here and quick, if she didn't want anything to happen. That was when she tripped, this sent her flying towards the ground face first and stopping her from getting away. She heard the footsteps coming closer, and she prepared for the worse. Next thing she knew, she was being hoisted up and thrown over a shoulder. She screamed. "Let me go!" She said in intervals. She tried to get out of his grasp, wiggling, punching, nothing would work. She heard him growl, now annoyed with her efforts. "Do you want to get yourself killed!" He yelled. "I was supposed to die anyway, why should I care?" She retorted He went silent after that. He quickly walked back to his quarters, and quickly punched in the code again. She expected him to put her down as soon as the door had shut, but he quickly made his way to the bedroom. Fear began to run through her again. He dropped her down on the bed and quickly got on top of her. She noticed now that his eyes had now turned red, he wasn't himself right now. His breathing was ragged as he stared down at her, like a predator who had just captured a prey. His head swooped down and began to bite her neck. "S-stop! Please!" She begged He looked back up at her face, red fading from his irises as he gazed down at her tear stained face. "I'm- I'm sorry." He quickly backed up off of her and got off of the bed. He straightened himself out and quickly walked out the door. Meanwhile, the girl was short of hyperventilating trying to get a hold of herself after what had just happened. After a few minutes, she slowly got off of the cushiony surface and went to explore the quarters, and possibly find her things and attempt again to get out of here. She was searching for a while, when the door to the strange alpha's rooms opened, reveling the red headed alpha that she had gotten a glimpse of earlier. They both froze, staring at each other. "Who are you?" The red head asked. The girl remained silent and was preparing to get away at a moment's notice. The alpha sniffed the air, and grinned sinisterly. " I knew I smelt something when Ren carried that bundle of blankets down the ramp." He grabbed her arm and pushed her to the ground. The girl let out a scream as he pushed his weight on top of her. He licked and nipped at her neck where Kylo had, just a few minutes ago, done the same. He was about to tear her pants off, when she heard the door open as a, again, red eyed Knight of Ren entered the chambers again and threw the other alpha off of her back. She quickly scooted away from the scene, into a corner as the two alphas stared each other down. "Ren." "General." He ground out. "Is this the 'artifact' that you were talking about?" He gestured to the shaking omega. "It's what's around her neck that matters, now if you excuse us, general, please leave." "What's around her neck, Ren? Oh do tell." "The artifact." She perked up a little at that. She looked down and held her necklace up for closer inspection. This old thing? She had just found it when she was on a walk one day and thought it was pretty. She didn't know it even had an ounce of importance, none the less an object of power. The general gave a small smirk to the girl and crisply left the room. Kylo's eyes trailed him until the door shut and then turned to her. She had her knees up to her chest and had her head tucked into herself, shaking. "I'm sorry." She heard him say. She looked up at him, and took her necklace off. "What is this." She held it out to him, still in her crouched position. "It's an ancient Sith artifact, that is said to hold tremendous amounts of power to those who use it. I was sent to your planet to retrieve it." This necklace was the reason why he had come, it was the reason why her life had changed, and how she ended up here. She suddenly felt a rush of anger and grief run through her. She dropped the charm and moved to conceal her face once again, as she felt warm tears make their way down her face once again. Why had she picked up that stupid rock?! The alpha sighed as he decided what to do. "You never did eat, you must be hungry." He went over to the dining area and took out what he had made earlier. He set it on the table and went over to where she was huddled over. "I never did get you name, little one." He lowered himself to her level. "(Y/N)" she mumbled as she quickly looked up at him. "Well, my dear (Y/N), I think it's time for us to have something to eat, shall we?" He reached a hand out to her, and she tentatively took it. He pulled her up and led her to the area where he had put the plates, and pulled out a seat for her. She took her seat, and Kylo took the one directly across from her. She looked down at her plate. "I truly am sorry for what I have put you through the past few hours." She said nothing. "When I first landed in you village, I was struck by your scent, I knew I had to find you. When I did, your smell..." He inhaled the air around him as he said that. "Your smell, I had never come across anything like it before. It was irresistible, I knew I had to have you. I didn't realize what impact it would have until a few minutes ago, actually." "Wha- what are you going to do with me then?" "Well, take care of you, of course. You are my omega now." Chapter 5 Summary: *nervous laughter* "Huh?" "Take care of you, you're my omega, and I'm your alpha." "I don't-I don't need an alpha, I survived my whole life without one, I can survive the rest of it without one." Kylo chuckled at her response "What's so funny?" "Oh, just the thought of an independent omega." Oh, he did not just say that. She had spent her entire life building up to where she was, before the raid. She had survived doing what most people called impossible, she defied all laws and prejudice that people had placed, and now he's laughing at her, telling her she would now be dependent on him. "Just," she sighed, then continued, " can you drop me off at the next planet, so I can get on with my life?" "No." "Excuse me?" His chuckles turned into dark laughter as he got up from where he was seated and slowly began to walk over to her. She immediately got up from her place, and was again ready to run. She remembered not just a few hours ago, that when she had tried to run, he easily caught up to her, not to mention the red-headed alpha was about to-. "Do remember I can hear your thoughts, and, yes, it would be wise if you do not run from me again." She began looking for anything she could use as a weapon, she spotted a butter knife on the table, and quickly grabbed it. "Do you really think that," he pointed to the knife " will do anything to me?" "It's worth a shot." The alpha sighed and threw the object out of her hand with the force, causing it to hit the wall with a shallow "clang". He then waved his hand in front of her, making her again lose conciseness, and picked her up before she could hit the ground. -------- She was slow to wake up, but the first thing she noticed was pain coming from her neck. This caused her to shoot up directly into a sitting position, knowing what it might mean. She was surprised however, that she was able to complete such a task, because normally, if what happened is what she thought had happened, there would be much difficulty to rise to such a position. She felt someone shift next to her. "Don't worry, I wouldn't do something like that without your permission. I'm not that sort of alpha. Even as a Sith, I have certain values, and unlike most alphas, I can control my... urges." "Then why the hell did you bite me!" "Relax, it's just a temporary claim. It will just repel other alphas, such as Hux, until you're ready." "Until I'm ready for what?" He looked at her as if it was the most obvious question in the galaxy, but didn't say anything. She noticed that he was shirtless, and was wearing what looked like to be sleep pants, and she was in one of his shirts. It was large enough on her that it covered what needed to be covered, did he undress her and put this on her? "But you still-" she gestured to his shirt. "Don't worry, I had a medi-droid come in and check you for injuries from Hux, see how your leg is healing, and cleanup that." He pointed to her neck, and she reflexively put a hand to the area, to find it wrapped in gauze. "I had requested that they dress you in one of my shirts as well." "Look, you have the wrong idea Mr.-" "Kylo, Kylo Ren." "Ren, I don't want to mate with you, I don't need a mate, I just want to go home." "This is your home." "No, I mean my village, my cottage, my garden, where I was, where I was happy." "That place is no more, I burnt the rest of it to the ground. You belong here, by my side now." "You didn't." He looked at her, but didn't say anything. "You monster!" She launched herself from the bed and backed away as tears filled her eyes. "I thought it was a suitable punishment for keeping my mate away from me." He said calmly "For the last time, I am not your mate!" "Calm down and come back to bed, little one. You seem stressed." He got up and approached her. "Get the hell away from me!" "Sh, come here love." He opened his arms out to her, and continued his approach. She found that she was frozen in place, she couldn't move. What the hell?! His arms were quickly coming closer, and soon they were wrapped around her, holding her. He snuck one of his arms behind her knees and lifted her back to the bed and set her down. She still couldn't move as he laid down next to her and pulled her to him. He bent his head down and began nuzzling and lightly kissing the area which he had previously bitten. He gently guilded her head to his nape, in a quiet encouragement to do the same. She remained frozen, however, opting to close her eyes and begin to shake. "Don't be frightened little one." He cooed as he began to stroke her hair. He let go of his force hold on her, since his arms seemed to do a pretty good job. She started hitting her fists against his chest, but it didn't do much good considering she couldn't really move. Tears spilled out and ran down her cheeks and she quietly began to sob. That was when it happened. At first, it was just a small warm feeling coming from the lower part of her abdomen, but it soon spread to her lower regions and soon a wet spot formed on the sheets she was laid on. Her temperature began to rise, and she began to curl in on herself. Within minutes her first heat she had in years was in full throttle. Kylo soon noticed this, and gripped her tighter to him. She was now a withering mess in his arms, twisting and turning the best she could, trying to find release from her uneasiness. He was trying to control himself, her smell was just so fragrant. She started whining and clawing at his chest. "I know little one, I know. It's time Chapter 6 Summary: Well, this happened Enjoy the smut Gently, he pried her from him and positioned her so that she was under him. He pressed his lips against hers and rubbed her arms to comfort her. Never having kissed anyone before, she was confused on how to reciprocate, even with the burning undertone of her heat, but soon she sloppily mimicked Kylo's movements, and the kiss grew deeper. He slipped a hand between them, and began undoing the buttons at the front of his shirt that she was wearing. When he got down to the last button, he all but tore it off of her and threw it across the room. With her upper half bare to him now, she naturally curled in on herself, both in sub-conscience insecurities, and, well, the room wasn't too warm either. He pulled her arms away from where they were crossed in front of her breasts. "Don't hide." He chuckled, as his head quickly swooped down and captured a nipple between his plaint lips. The sudden contact made her back arch slightly, and she moaned a little as he continued to lavish attention on the pebbled peak. He cupped the neglected breast in his other hand and began to knead it. Soon, he switched then eventually began kissing down her abdomen. He looked up at her when he got to her mound and placed a gentle kiss on top of it. Her fingers reached for his hair, though, she hadn't realized she had done so. He assumed this as a go ahead and parted her lower lips. He dug in after that, giving her no warning, his tongue immediately began prodding her and lapping everything that came out. Her hips involuntary bucked up, so Kylo gently pressed an arm around her to keep her steady. She was then helpless to the on-slot of his tongue. "Al- Alpha!" She cried as he began to suck on her clit. He pressed a finger into her, stretching and prepping her for what was about to come. One finger became two, and then soon began three as he began scissoring and turning his fingers inside her. She could feel a knot in her lower abdomen, she squirmed and twisted under his grip, and suddenly it let go, and all she could feel was a warm wave of white wash over her. "That's it little one, hush now, I have you." He cooed as he worked her through her first orgasm. He cleaned her up with his tongue and slowly kissed his way back up to her lips. He threw off his pants along with his boxers as he did so. She threw her arms around him as his lips worked against hers. As he was kissing her, he lined up his length to her opening and slowly pushed in. There was a sudden spark of pain as he sunk into her and she moved her hips, trying to get away from the source of pain. Kylo quickly grabbed her hips to keep her in place as he continued to sink into her warmth, however. "Hush now, I know it hurts right now. Shhh, it will get better soon." He promised her as he fully seated himself into her channel. She cried in pain, tears running down her cheeks. Kylo looked down at her pained expression. "Don't cry little one. It's alright, I'm here." He purred as he nuzzled her. They stayed like this for the several minutes it took for (Y/N) to adjust to his size. He then slowly pulled out and pushed back in, causing her to wince a little as she turned her head away from him and bit her fist, trying to keep herself from crying out. Kylo pulled her hand away from her and held it in his own by her head. His other hand, he kept on her hip to steady himself as he started his slow pace. Her small cries of pain turned into moans of pleasure, and she soon met his thrusts with her's. He picked up speed and soon, she felt the familiar coil in her stomach again. She lasted a few seconds more before her back arched and the the same white waves washed over her. Kylo followed after her as he pounded into her, chasing his orgasm as well. She could feel his knot swelling as he pushed it into her, locking them in place for the time being. He growled as his pleasure came over him as he spilled himself into her, coating her walls with his seed. He couldn't contain himself, as he bit the other side of his omega's neck, claiming her. He fell onto his side, bring his newly claimed with him. She was already asleep however, after he had laid his claim on her. He pulled his sleeping (Y/N) close to his chest as he stroked her hair. He smiled at her sleeping form, as she unconsciously curled into his chest, trying to keep warm. He pulled the blankets over the pair, making sure not to pull to much however where they were connected. "Good night little one." He yawned as he settled himself among the pillows and blankets that surrounded the two. ------- She woke up with a start, noticing that she couldn't move much, without pain coming from her lower regions. Memories started to come back to her of last night. She panicked, trying to push away from the warmth that was in front of her, despite the pain radiating from below. This awoke the sleeping alpha next to her. "Hey, hey, hey." He steadied her, grabbing her shoulders to stop her. "Get off of me!" She yelled, still trying to get away from him. "Calm down little one, we're not going anywhere for a while." She looked down and tried to turn away from him, but was met with no avail. He chuckled at her defiance and wrapped his arms back around her. Tears started to run down her face again, she had now become what she had spent so long trying not to be. She knew she would now be treated as a second class citizen, seen only as a child bearer and rearer. The life she knew, was now thrown out the window, she started to wish for death. Chapter 7 Summary: What is this, I'm sorry She laid there with the Alpha who had just laid claim to her, still trying to soothe her. Tears still escaped from the corners of her eyes as she tried to forget the world around her. Living in a relatively populated planet when she was still a child, she eventually developed a fear of crowds and would try to drift off to some sort of made up world, where she often times felt safe. Though, this time was different, considering the constant stroking of her hair, and whispers right next to her ear. Not to mention the prodding he was doing in her mind, made it nearly impossible to escape from reality. Still, she tried, only becoming partially successful with a blurry image of the village she had been living in until yesterday. The man beside her let out a growl, wishing his new omega would picture anything else but the reason why she should hate him. The arms that encircled her tightened, and she was brought out of her trance. He nuzzled into her neck, trying to get some response from her, but alas, she was plaint, seemingly staring at the wall behind him. His knot did deflate after sometime, and he slowly, carefully removed himself from her. Her face contorting into a wince as he did so. He got off the bed and bent over to pick up his pair of boxers. He put them on before continuing to the 'fresher where he disappeared for a few seconds, then reappeared with a wet towelette. He came over to the girl, who still laid in the same place, with the same blank face. He sighed as her rolled her onto her back and gently cleaned the cum and blood between her thighs, being careful of the sensitivity of that area. Still, he caught a glimpse of her wincing a few times as he cleaned her. The trails of tears where still eminent as she stared blankly at the ceiling. His heart ached, he didn't want to see his new love in pain, though it was radiating off of her in waves. Kylo sighed and got up from the bed, this time disappearing into his closet, and soon reappeared with another one of his shirts, unlike the one that was torn and now lie in a far corner of the room. He maneuvered the fabric onto her, with her still staying limp and with the same blank expression. He then got up again and made his way to the living room. He came back with a tray with some food and glass of water on it. Setting it down on one of the bedside tables, he then came over and sat by where the omega was still staring at the ceiling. He brushed a few strands of hair away from her forehead and bent down to kiss were the trail of tears still continued. "Don't cry little one." He cooed, stroking her hair as he smiled down at her. This seemed only to make the tears come down more frequently. Kylo lifted her up so that she was in his lap, her head now resting against his chest. He heard a hiccup coming from the girl below him. He continued to stroke her hair and cooed to her as small cries now emitted from her. "Why are you crying love?" He asked after awhile. "I worked so hard..." Her voice piped up before trailing off into more cries. "Worked so hard for what, darling. No mate of mine should have to work." "B-but I was happy. I-I made a difference in people's l-life's. I di-did what I loved." Kylo pondered how to change the subject for a moment since this one was obviously upsetting the omega crying into his chest, before replying. "While I was looking through your bag-." "M-my bag? You have it?" "Yes,little one, but as I was saying, you seemed to have a large amount of seeds and herbs in there, tell me love, do you like to grow plants?" She nodded her head. "Well then, my dear, as soon as your heat has pasted, I shall fill these quarters with as many plants, pots, and seeds as what would make my dear mate happy." She smiled, she actually smiled and looked up at him.this was the first time he had seen her smile, and he was determined to see more smiles coming from her. The feeling he got, when her face lit up was incomparable to any sensation he had ever felt before. He nuzzled into her neck and licked the newly formed claim mark. This caused the omega on his lap to squirm and giggle as he continued his onslaught. This was what he wanted to see, his omega happy with him, letting him know that he was doing a fantastic job of taking care of her. "Now, I do think that we should get some nutrients in the both of us, before the next wave comes in." With that, he reached over and brought the tray over to them. He first handed her the water, since it was quite easy for an omega to get dangerously dehydrated after all the fluids that they produce during their heat. She downed most of the water, he took the glass from her and handed her a forkful of some sort of meat. She quickly chewed and swallowed it and was met with another forkful. She was too hungry for this, and reached for the plate that held her meal. Kylo chuckled at her behavior, and handed her the plate, along with the fork, before getting his own plate. She practically devoured her plate, and in no time, there was little evidence of the piece of the morsel. He took her plate and his, along with the tray, and went into the living room again. He returned with another glass full of water and another tray, this time full of fruits. He handed her the glass and went into the 'fresher with the tray. She could hear water being turned on as she gulped down her second glass. He soon reappeared and took her now empty glass, and again disappeared into the living room, returning with yet another full glass. When she had finished her third glass, he scooped her up, causing a small shriek, and carried her to the source of the sound of water. She saw the luxurious tub filling with water and the bubbles that rested at the surface. She also saw the plates of fruit by the tub. Kylo set her down gently into the water, careful of her aching muscles, and soon joined her, sitting across from her. That soon changed, with Kylo now feeling a weight in between his legs. He looked down to find an omega curled up on his lap, with her head on his chest. He smiled and wrapped his arms around her and rested his chin atop of her head. This was short lived however, because soon, she started to squirm in his hold. She felt the same familiar heat between her legs, and the need to be filled. Kylo's caught scent of her returning heat and slowly adjusted her so that she was above his length. He gripped himself in one hand and slowly lowered the whimpering omega onto himself. He let out a growl when he felt himself fully seated within her. She wrapped her arms around his neck, and buried her head there as well. Kylo set a slow and steady rhythm, slowly rocking into her, mindful of her still aching muscles from their first coupling. They both soon reached their peaks, and they could both feel Kylo's knot forming. He pushed the swelling mass of flesh into her with a groan as she went limp in his arms. Soft snorts sounded from her, and Ren knew she had fallen asleep. He stroked her hair as he picked at the plate of fruit that was set by the tub. Hopefully when she wakes, she might partake in the fruit as well. Chapter 8 Summary: *tries to put symbolizism in fanfiction* She was out for about fifteen minutes. During this time, Kylo began to wash the both of them. He wasn't exactly prepared to suddenly have a mate, so he had to settle for using his own products. In the end, she now smelled more like him, and to be honest, he didn't exactly mind it. (Y/E/C) soon fluttered open to meet his gaze. "Hello, little one. Did you have a nice nap?" She groggily nodded, tucking her head back into his chest. "Are you still hungry?" He asked. Another nod. He reached over to one of the plates, and picked up a slice of some sort of fruit. The omega peeked out and eagerly accepted the piece as Kylo plopped it into her mouth. This time she reached out and grabbed some slices and began to eat them. Together, they ate in a comfortable silence. However, soon enough, the water began to grow cold, and both of their skins began to prune. Kylo soon realized his predicament as they were still stuck together, quite possibly for the next few hours or so. He laid a hand on her shoulder to get her attention. "We seem to have a small problem." He glanced down at where they were both joined with a small, slightly embarrassed smile. "If you wrap your legs around me, I think we can get the both of us to the bed." She complied, and wrapped her legs around his torso, and he carefully lifted the both of them out of the tub, being sure not to slip or pull to much at the area where they were connected. When they did make it to the bed, he collapsed and brought (Y/N) down along with him, causing her to let out a small yelp. Kylo adjusted them so that they were at least completely on the mattress, instead of how they were before, with their legs hanging off the bed. They were both soaking wet, which caused the sheets underneath them to drench, not like they had been ruined by their previous activities though. He brought the girl close to him and tucked her head underneath his chin. They stayed like that for the several hours it took for his knot to go down. During that time, they both dozed in and out of conscience, slowly drying off as well. Rarely did they speak, and when they did, it was merely simple questions such as "are you okay?" and "how are you?" Occasionally, however, they would ask something about the other, their likes and dislikes, hobbies, the like, but it was mostly answered in a mumble as the other person would be drifting off. That was when Kylo realized something, they hadn't exactly been using protection, and there could be the possibility that she could become pregnant. He nuzzled her neck, trying to get her to wake up, and her (Y/E/C) fluttered open. "Hmm?" She asked, not even opening her mouth to answer. "(Y/N), love, what do you think about children?" She stared at him for a few seconds, blinking as she registered his question. She had always wanted children, but at what cost. If she were to reveal herself if she still lived in her village, she would have most likely had been claimed by the first alpha to have even got a whiff of her scent,whether she was fond of them or not. She would have mostly likely have lost her cottage and her career, and be stuck in whatever home her alpha brought her to as well. She looked down and began. "Well, I've always wanted children, but in my village, well, let's just say, the price was to much to pay on my part. Now, however since that that's all gone, I suppose I wouldn't mind having a few." Kylo was relieved to hear those words come from her. Except for the 'however since that's all gone' part. That pulled something within him, what was that feeling? He quickly dismissed the thought and concentrated on the omega that was curled against him. He hummed at her response and drew random patterns along her back as she dozed back off. She was asleep when his knot deflated, Kylo was not. He slowly pulled his length out, making sure not to wake her. He watched with fascination as his seed spilled out of her, and got up from the bed. Realizing that it would probably be a few more days of this, Kylo went over to where his data pad laid, and sent a notice that he would not be available. Then, he went over to the 'fresher, drained the bath, and wet another cloth. The sleeping (Y/N) had thankfully not stirred during this time, and so as softly and quietly as he could manage, he wiped away the drying cum from her, cautious of the sensitivity of that area. She cringed and squirmed a bit n her sleep, but quickly settled down and became still once more. Kylo decided to order for new sheets to be brought to his quarters, and then went to the kitchen to get some water for himself. ~ This was how things went for the next few days. (Y/N) would often only have about an hour between knottings where she was functioning. During this time, Kylo would feed and give her as much water as he could get into her. While they were stuck together, they would sometimes talk, other times they would sleep. When they were sure that her heat had passed, which was early one morning, (Y/N) woke up to her alpha putting on his extensive amount of armor. She sat up were she was laying and watching in silence. Kylo turned around once he had sensed that she was awake. "Good morning my love." He smiled at her and came over to her side of the bed. He gave her a kiss on her cheek. She looked up at him with a confused look. "I have to go sweetheart. I've been gone for some time now, but I promise I'll come back this evening. I'll also have someone bring in those pots and seeds I promised. In the mean time, I brought you this." He handed her her bag. Her hands darted out and pulled it close to her. This was the first thing that she had bought out of her own money when she came to her old planet. She carried this thing everywhere with her. Sure she had to patch it up once in awhile. Sure it wasn't the most beautiful bag, but it was her most prized possession. Her thoughts were interrupted as Kylo bent down to kissed her fully on her lips. It was sweet and brief, before he walked out. (Y/N) wasted no time going through her bag. Her journal, packets of seeds, her scent blocking herbs, some coins, glasses, tissues, various medicines, a scarf, keys, a small knife, some pencils, an eraser, a few rings that she hadn't even realized she lost, some candy, a few hair ties, and most importantly, her sketch book, full of drawings of various blooms and notes about them were all the bag had to offer. She let a sigh of relief that she hadn't forgotten to pack her sketch book when she quickly left her house. She laid out her things on the bed, and soon realized that these were now her only possessions. Her friends, her home, and everything she knew was gone. Tears began to form again as she slowly put her things away. All except her sketchbook. She looked through the various illustrations and it calmed her slightly. She laid back down, with her bag beside her. She took out her journal this time, and flipped to a new page. Chapter 9 : XI Summary: Guess who's back She had been writing for a bit, when she heard a buzzing coming from the entrance. Figuring out that it was some sort of door bell, she quickly got up and answered. Two 'troopers stepped past the threshold holding a pile of pots, while a third trailed behind the pair with a cart full of more gardening necessities. (Y/N) was taken back slightly, Kylo had said that he would send for these things so, but she hadn't expected this soon. They all stopped a few steps within the living room and finally addressed her. "My Lady, we are here to deliver these on behalf of the Commander." (Y/N) just nodded slightly and pointed to an empty table, meaning for them to place them there. She still wasn't too sure about this place, and the three men in white didn't exactly help her stress levels. When they did leave, after unloading everything from the cart, as she stood a few feet away never taking her eyes off of them, she practically sprang from her spot to see what had been delivered to her. A few pots, some plant food, a few garden tools, and some dirt, had been placed on the surface. I wonder where they got the dirt from? She asked herself as she picked up a pot and inspected the tera cotta container. She walked over to where she her bag stashed away, and brought out the few seeds that she had in there. She spend the rest of her morning planting with her newly found materials. She hadn't realized how much time had passed until she heard the same hissing of the door opening, revealing a masked Kylo Ren. He immediately took off his mask, and with a hiss, he revealed his smiling face to her, and discarding the metal cover onto a nearby table near the door. "Hello." She looked down as he walked up to her, pulling her flush against his chest. She felt a rumble as she could only guess he was... purring? He carded his gloved fingers through her hair and leaned down to kiss the top of her head. " I've missed you, love." She nuzzled her face into his chest, trying to hide her face. Kylo, noticing this, lifted her chin to met his gaze and leaned down again to press a light kiss onto her lips. He chuckled and as she looked up at him and gave a warm smile. "I trust your supples were delivered to you alright?" She nodded in response and took his hand to bring him over to where she had the beginnings of her little garden set up. Kylo couldn't help but kiss her cheek as she showed him her work. "Beautiful." "B-but they haven't even g-grown yet." "I wasn't talking about the plants" he smirked, using the old pick up line he had heard long ago. "The reason why I came back here, other them to check on my beautiful, little mate, was to also have lunch with her and make sure she ate." "You don't have to worry A-alpha, I'll e-eat, please don't go out of your way to make sure I t-take care of myself." "It's not about if you eat or not love. It's about you eating enough, you just came off of your heat, you need to eat more than you usually do." He replied in a soft tone. He went over and pressed a button over by the door and motioned and come back to sit on one of the couches by where she was. He motioned her over to him, but she remained in her place and looked down. He took a deep breath, trying to calm himself, and before (Y/N) had time to react, she was being pulled to the couch by some unseen force. She looked up at him, as he rewrapped his arms around her in confusion. "It's the force love." Shit She had heard the ancient tells of Sith and Jedi and the legendary battles that had been fought between them. She had almost forgotten that her now mate was one of these "force users" and a powerful one at that. "There's no reason to be afraid little one, I would never hurt you." He rested his cheek on top of her head as she leaned into his side. They stayed there like that, with an occasional kiss here and there, until the buzzing of the door interrupted the two. (Y/N) swore she heard him growl at this, but got up anyways, to open the door, and reveal a service droid with a plate of food. He motioned for the droid to the kitchen table, and the it dutifully made its way over, placed the trays down, and immediately left, closing the door behind it. Kylo stood by the table and waited as (Y/N) got up and headed towards the dining area. He pulled out a chair for her a motioned for her to sit and then placed a plate full of food in front of her. He then seated himself and began eating from his plate. They ate in comfortable silence until (Y/N) couldn't eat anymore and pushed the plate a little ways from her. Ren looked up from where he was still devouring his meal, and sighed disappointed at the small amount she ate. "That's not enough." She shook her head. "You need to eat more love." She looked down. Kylo sighed as he got up at went over to where she was sitting. He picked her up. She let out a yelp, as he set her in his lap and they both sat down in his chair. He picked a forkful of meat and raised it to her mouth, expecting her to open mouth. "I'm full Kylo." "No, you're not. There is no way you ate that little and have a full belly." "I really am." "Just a few bites?" She nodded her head and opened her mouth and accepted the morsel as well as the next few he offered her. She eventually turned away from one and Kylo put the fork down. He noticed that she was nodding off and picked her up and carried her into the bedroom. "Hm?" She mumbled as he placed her on the bed. "Shhh. I have to go back, I will see you in a few hours." He left her with a kiss on her forehead and as she dozed off, she heard her mate leaving their shared quarters. Chapter 10 : X Summary: Happy New Years everyone!!! She was dozing contently under several layers of blankets. She heard the doors of her and Kylo's shared quarters. She perked up a bit, but settled down thinking it was just Kylo coming back. She heard the door to her bedroom opened. She turned over and opened her eyes to reveal, not her mate, but the same red headed alpha that had attacked her earlier that week. She let out a scream and tumbled out of the bed, scrambling to get out of the tangles of blankets surrounding her. In the midst of her struggle, Hux had taken advantage and easily restrained the girl. "No!" She screamed and struggled in his grasp. "Quite girl." He looked at her neck and noticed the distinct bite mark on her nape. "Hm, I'm sure Ren wouldn't mind sharing." He forced her on her knees. By some chance, she got her legs free and delivered a direct hit to Hux's family jewels. The general buckled in pain, and (Y/N) ran to the 'fresher and locked the door. She slid down and sobbed. "Come out, little omega." She heard from the other side of the door. She let out a scream and began to cry harder as she shook violently. He started banging on the door, and soon began kicking it as well. All the while, the poor girl was all our bawling and shaking. "What the hell are you doing in my quarters!" Kylo. He came just in time. She heard the distinct sound of his light saber igniting and something being struck. "(Y/N)?, love?" He called "(Y/N) come out little one, it's all right, you're safe." He heard the door unlock, but did not see it open. That was when he got worried. He stepped over Hux's body and kicked it aside a little and approached the door. He opened it to revealed a sobbing mess of a girl lying on the tile, curled in on herself. He rushed over to her and gathered her in his arms. "Sh, sh, it's alright, I'm here, no one's going to hurt you." He cooed as he held her head to his chest, letting her tears wet the fabric of his tunic. "Come on, let's get you taken care of." He lifted her into his arms and carried her towards the living room. (Y/N) noticed the general's body lying limp on their bedroom floor. "Don't look at it, I'll get rid of it soon." He walked over to the couch and gently laid her down and went back into their bedroom. He came out, dragging Hux's body behind him and went to the doors leading out to the corridors. They closed, she heard some yelling, and soon her alpha came back in and came over to her. He lifted her head and sat down, and then placed her head on his knee. He then began to brush away tendrils of hair behind her ear and smiled lovingly at her. (Y/N) settled head on his leg and closed her eyes. Kylo, on the other hand, brought a data pad over to himself, and began typing away on it. The girl eventually fell asleep, when Kylo noticed this, he smiled at the look of peacefulness on her face. He stroked her hair absentmindedly as he now read from the data pad. A few hours passed when a Kylo realized it was about time for a meal. He bent down to give her a kiss. She stirred and shifted to the side. "Come on, love, it's time to eat." He chuckled. "Hm." Was the the only answer he got. Kylo put his work down and danced his fingers up and down his mate's sides. She squirmed and giggled, trying to get away from his fingers. "S-stop!" She laughed. "Are you going to get up!" "Yes! Yes! Just let me up!" Kylo let her up and sent an order to the kitchens. He then went over to a faucet and filled to glasses with water and carried them over to the table. "(Y/N), we need to talk about something." She looked at his quizzically. "(Y/N), love, it's no long safe for you here. I'm too worried about what might happen." Kylo looked down at his hands "I have inherited a villa on Naboo, I believe you would be well taken care of and safest there." He looked up at her. "No! No, you can't do this to me! Please, don't make me leave! Please!" She stood up from her chair. "(Y/N)." He sighed coming over to wrap his arms around her. "You're not safe here. After what happened today, I realize that it would be so easy for some other officer to waltz in here and take advance of you." He sighed and rested his chin atop her head. "You're trapped in here all day, on Naboo, you'll be well taken care of, and be able to move freely. I promise I will visit you as often as I can. I will message you constantly, I will send you anything and everything you want. I just want to safe." "B-but I want to be with you." She sobbed. "I know love, I understand, but i must protect you, and this is how I must do it." "No, please!" "The ship has already set course for Naboo. They have started preparing for your arrival in three days." "Three days?" "Yes darling, three days, and you'll be safe." "But I'm already safe with you, please don't send me away, I want to with you!" She sobbed. The exchange was interrupted by a ding, indicating their dinner had arrived. Kylo detangled himself from the girl and went over to let the droid in. He let the machine do its job as he walked over to his mate and led her back to her chair. He pulled it out for her, and then scooted it back in, and walked over to his place. (Y/N) remained silent and stared at her food. "Love, eat something." He requested. The girl just stared at her food. "I'm not hungry." "Yes you are, now eat something." She shook her head and looked down at her hands. Kylo sighed and got up and went to stand behind her. He gently placed his hands on her shoulders and rubbed little circles with his thumbs on the blades. "I'm sorry, my dear, but I'm only protecting you." He leaned over and kissed her cheek. He went lower and brushed his nose against the mark he had left a few days prior. He felt her wince. He sighed again and picked her up from her chair and carried her back into the bedroom, their meal forgotten. He placed her on their bed and kissed her sweetly on her lips. Again, they were interrupted by a message from Kylo's com. "Sir, the Supreme Leader demands your presence immediately."