The Doctors You walked into room 156B. A young girl about the age of 5 was playing with her barbie’s. She had a case of the swine flu. You grab her record that laid next to her bed. “How are you feeling Liz?” You asked. You flipped through the papers. You grab a pen from your lab coat and started to write notes down. “Better than 2 days ago Dr. Solo!” She happily said. Her mom and dad were sitting on the chairs by the window. You put a thermometer in Liz’s mouth. After a few minutes of waiting, it beeped. You pulled it out and checked her temperature. “Hey, your temperature is back to normal.” You smiled. “That’s good.” The mother said quietly. “You’re daughter is all healthy again,” You turn to the parents. “That means she can go home anytime.” “Can we stay for one more night?” The father asked. “Just in case something goes wrong?” “Of course sir,” You walked over and handed him papers. “Just fill these out and give them back to me. I’ll be back to check on her.” “Thank you so much,” The mother grabbed your hands. “You’re a big help, Dr. Solo.” You loved hearing those words. “My pleasure,” You turned to Liz. “Now be a good girl. I’ll be back to check on you later.” “Okay! Bye Dr. Solo!” She continued to play with her Barbies. You walked out and closed the door behind you. You checked the time on your phone. It was finally time for your break. Snickers bar here I come. As you were walking to the break room, you felt someone grab your arm. The next second you know, you were in an empty hallway. You looked up and saw it was your husband, Ben, who was also a doctor at the hospital. You smiled and kissed him. “What are you doing?” “I saw you down the hall and decided to surprise you,” He kissed your cheek. “How’s Liz doing?” “Feeling all better! She’s leaving tomorrow morning,” You said. You started to rub his hands and gazed upon his eyes. He pulled you in for another kiss. This time, it was more passionate. You moved your hair to the side, giving him access to your neck. You felt his hands searching your back. “Do you know where Dr. Solo is?” You heard a voice at the end of the hallway. “Which one?” A female voice said. “Dr. (Name) Solo.” The male voice said. “Oh, I saw her and her husband down talking in that hallway.” The female voice said. You and Ben pulled away from one another. “We’ll continue tonight.” He whispered. “Okay.” You whispered back. Both of you turn your heads and saw Dr. Dameron walking towards the both of you. “I hope I wasn’t interrupting something.” He giggled. You both were known getting caught kissing each other in the hospital hallways. “No, you weren’t Dr. Dameron,” Ben crossed his arms. Ben and Poe were friends since middle school. Sometimes, Ben can’t stand Poe but he liked having him around. “So what do you want?” “I need (Name) to take care of Mrs. Maxwell for me. BB-8 has an appointment in one hour,” He turned to you. “Can you?” “Of course,” You grabbed the file from his hand. “I’ll see you both later.” You walked past them. You turned and waved goodbye to them. There was silence between Poe and Ben. “So, What are you continuing tonight?” Ben rolled his eyes and walked away. “What? It was just a question.” Poe followed behind him. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ You finally made it to the floor where Poe’s patient was. Oh no You thought. This was the delivery rooms and Nursery. You try to avoid this floor as much as possible. You slowly made your way to the room. You look through the small window. A young blonde woman was holding her newborn baby. The woman had a big smile on her face. Her husband was next to her, holding the baby's hand. You could feel jealousy build up in you. Your mouth becomes a straight line. You walked into the room. “Mrs. Maxwell..?” She looked up. “Yes?” “Dr. Dameron had to take care of something today. I’m here to check on you and make sure your baby is fine.” You informed her. “Oh everything's going great...Dr..?” She trailed off. “Opps! I forgot...I'm Dr. Solo.” “Dr. Solo, everything is going great,” The young woman smiled and turned her attention to the baby. “Thank you for checking up on us.” “No Problem. Call if you need anything.” After that, you stormed out of the room. ------------------------------------------------------- “Hey.” You looked up and you saw your friend Rey. “Hello.” You gave her a small smile. “Are you okay?” She asked. “Y-yes.” You stuttered. “You don’t sound okay.” She sat down next to you. You and Rey were the only people in the break room. “Okay. I went on the Nursery floor.” You confessed. You felt a hand on your shoulder. “Girl, What are you talking about? You went on that floor a thousand times. I went on that floor a thousand times,” She started to rub your shoulder. “Do you want me to get Ben?” “No, No, No!” You begged. “It’s just...everytime...I go on that floor...I get a little…” You began to trail off. “A little..?” Rey repeated. “A little...” You looked away from her. “A little...” Finn said in a teasing voice. Rey smacked his arm. “Ow. Sorry.” He walked over to the vending machine. “Come on girl! Spit it out!” Rey leaned forward. “Okay, I get a little jealous when I go on the Nursery floor.” You blurted out. You look up at Rey. Behind her, you saw Finn was looking at you too. “So you want a baby?” Finn said. He pulled out his muffin from the vending machine and walked over to the coffee bar. “Yes.” You said. “Why don’t you talk to Ben?” Rey asked. “I heard him mention about having a child a couple of years ago.” “Yeah, years ago! What if he doesn’t want them anymore.” You took a sip of your hot chocolate. “Psssh. Girl, What are you talking about? Ben keeps talking about it.” Finn was pouring cream into his coffee. “Then, Why doesn’t he talk to me about it? I mean we talk about it...sometimes…but it’s been a really long time since he brought it up...” You took a bit out of your muffin. “Maybe he’s busy or scared.” Rey shrugged. Finn took a seat next to Rey. “What does he say?” You look over to Finn. “All sorts of things like how you're going to be a great mom and stuff,” He started to devour his muffin. “Sometimes, not talking about the baby stuff, but he’ll say how gorgeous you are.” “Really?” You smiled. “Really.” Finn winked. You look at the time. “Oh! My break is way over! Mrs.Lola is gonna kill me! I’ll see you guys later.” You grabbed your papers and hurried out of the break room. “Making the baby is the fun part!” Finn shouted. Rey smacked his arm. “Really?!” “Really.” He winked at her. Rey rolled her eyes and walked out of the break room. “You forgot your muffin.” No answer. “Nice.” -------------------------------------------------- You were pulling up your driveway when you saw that there was only one light on in the entire house. Ben must be still up You thought. Maybe I can surprise him. You quietly walked into the house and into the laundry room. You gently took off your work clothes. Quickly, You put on a tank top and shorts. Walking back upstairs, you make sure everything was turned off and locked. You used your phone to guide your way to your room. You opened the door, you see Ben reading a book on the bed. He was wearing his tight grey Shirt and black sweatpants. He looked up and saw you. “Hey babe,” He put his book on the night stand. “How was the rest of work?” “Fine.” You walked over to the bed and got under the covers. He got close to you, awfully close. He look down at your lips and back to his eyes. “So....Where were we?” You grinned and pushed some of his hair out of his face. “Can I ask you a question real quick?” Your heart was beating fast about the conservation you were about to have. “Go for it.” He licked his lips. “Do you want a family?” You bit your bottom lip. “You are my family.” He glance at you. “No..I mean do you want a family...Like do you want to be a father?” Ben looked at you with a shock expression on his face. He wrapped his arms around you and hugged you tightly. “Oh my god...Yes!” He squealed. He looked at you. You saw that he had tears coming from his eyes. “Ben...Why are you crying...?” You asked. “I...don’t know!” He giggled. You started to feel tears going down your face. You looked away from him. “What’s wrong?” He sniffed. “I really want this for a long time....but...I don’t even know if I’ll be a good mom...and I’m afraid.” You felt his hand on your cheek. “Babe, What are you talking about? I think you’ll make a great mother. I see the mother figure in you.” “Really?” You gazed into his eyes. The eyes you fell in love with. “Oh for sure! There is nothing for you to be afraid about. No matter what I’ll be there for you (Name).” He kissed your forehead. “Really?” “Really.” He smiled. He got under the covers with you. There was a silence between the both of you. Ben got on top of you. His eyes made contact with yours. Again, He was really close. You could feel the tingling breath brushing against your cheeks. He placed his hand on your hips and pulled off your tank top. You pulled off his gray shirt and you place your hands on his chest. You started to trace patterns with your fingers. The simple touch sent sparks up his spine, causing him to shake. “Is this okay with you?” He asked, gazing into his wife’s eyes. You could only nod, and take small breaths. You saw him reach for the lamp and turned off the lights. Ben’s lips met with yours slowly. Blood rushed to your head, making you feel light and fuzzy. He pulled away slowly, but you pulled him back in. Your lips moved together, and your hands moved over each-other’s bodies. You could hear moans between the kisses. You felt him glide his tongue against your lower lip. You opened your mouth to let him in. Both of your tongues slid against each other. More moans echoed in the room. Your lips were still in motion. You could feel him smile through the kiss as he cupped his hand over your cheek. He pulled away from your lips. He started to kiss your jawline to your collarbone. You tilted you head back and let out a sound of pleasure. “I love to hear those noises from you.” He glared at you. He pulled off you shorts that left you only in your underwear. He gently stroke it, he watched you as you buried your head into the pillow. “God I love you.” You said as Ben was pulling your underwear off. You had your whole body expose to him. He kissed you on the lips. “You’re beautiful.” “Thank you.” You smiled. You felt his hands going down your clit. You moaned at his touch. “Oh god, Oh, god.” His fingers were circling around your opening. Watching you gasp, he added one finger in. Now your mind was going crazy. There was waves of pleasure going through your mind. “Ben!” you repeated. You felt another finger go in. Now he was thrusting them in and out. As he was doing this, You tugged off his sweatpants and underwear. You grabbed his length and started to stroke it. He stopped what he was doing and moaned loudly. “Fuck...(Name)...I need you.” “I need you too...” You breath heavily. He lined himself up at your entrance. He smirked and tease you with his tip. “Ben…” You moaned. “You ready?” He asked. “Ben.” You moaned again. “Are you sure?” He teased. “Please...Ben...I want you...” “Alright." He grinned. He locked his right hand with hers. He whispered into your ear, “I love you.” He enter you slowly. You groaned and place your hands behind his back. You pulled his head down and kissed him. Ben moved himself in and out, causing you to moan his name. As seconds went by, he moved faster and faster. “Ben...” You mumbled. “(Name)...I think I might…” Ben felt his limit reaching. You cut him off by kissing him. You then felt him hit your certain area. “Argh...Ben..babe...right there!” He kept on rocking himself in the same pace. There was only heavy breathing between the two of you. “(Name)...babe...I love...you...” Ben groaned. “I love you too!” You groaned back. He was the first to release inside of you, you followed afterwards. You both laid there for a little bit, recovering from your heavy breaths. He pulled out and laid down next to you. He turned his head to face you. You turned and smile at him. “That was fun.” He laughed. You laughed back. “Hell yeah it was.” He gave you a kiss on the lips. You both pulled away from each other. “I think I might call us off tomorrow.” He gazed into your eyes. “That’s a great idea.” You laid your head against his chest. He kissed you one final time. “Goodnight.” “Night.” You closed your eyes. You both drifted off in each other arms. Chapter 2 : The Morning After Summary: You wake up after the event from the night before. You walk in to see your husband cooking you breakfast. Notes: **This was a request from an anon on tumblr** This chapter has smut. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The sun peeked through the bedroom window, lighting your hair like a fiery halo. You lifted head from the pillow. Your hair was messy and your mind was fuzzy. You dug your head back in the pillow. You rolled over so you can cuddle with your husband, but you felt nothing. He probably had to go to work early this morning. You rolled over and realize you were completely naked from last night. You search the room for your clothes. You put on your underwear and grabbed your tank top. From the corner of your eye, you saw Ben’s gray shirt laying by the chair. You dropped the tank top from your hands and put his shirt on. Ben was really tall so the shirt looked like a nightgown on you. You walked out of the room and started to smell bacon. You made your way to the kitchen and you saw Ben cooking. He was wearing his black sweat pants with no shirt on. The table had all sorts of breakfast foods such as bacon, eggs, hash browns, pancakes, and a pitch of orange juice. Ben turned around and greeted you with a smile. “Good Morning.” “Ben, Did you make all this?” You asked. You walked over to the table and popped a grape into your mouth. “Yeah, you like it?” He put the maple syrup on the table. “Ben, this looks delicious!” You paused. “Why did you make all this?” “Oh, I don’t know. I was in the mood, I guess.” He shrugged. You stand on your tippy-toes and kissed him on the nose. As you pulled away, you stared into his brown eyes. He pulled you in slowly and kissed you. He put his arms around your waist. He lifted you up and sat you on the kitchen counter. He pulled away from the kiss and buried his head into your neck. “I think breakfast should wait.” “And let your hard work go to waste and become cold? No way babe. Plus I’m really, really hungry.” “Okay,” His brown eyes meet your (eye color) eyes. “After breakfast?” “After breakfast.” You winked. --------------------------------------------------------------- “Ben, This is really good.” You stuffed a piece of bacon into your mouth. He laughed. “Thanks. So how about last night...I’m sorry if I was being too forward.” “Ben It’s fine. I really enjoyed it. It was-” “Amazing, grand, splendid?” He cut you off. “Fun. I was going to say fun, but those work too.” You smiled. “I love you so much (Name). I’m so happy I’ve found you.” “Ben, I love you too.” A big grin ran across your face. You watched Ben get up from the table. “You done?” “Yeah, I’ll help you clean up.” You got up from the table and started stacking plates. Ben was washing the dishes as you were piling the food in the fridge. After you were finished, you turned on the TV to watch the morning news. You felt Ben come up from behind. You felt his hand going up your shirt. He whispered in your ear: “I think you look sexy as hell in my clothes, (Name).” You started to feel his lips going down your neck. “I think they look better on the floor.” You turned around leaned in to kiss him. You melted at his touch and moved your hands under his sweats to feel him. He groaned loudly. You broke away from the kiss and covered his mouth. “Oh, Ben, the windows are opened! What if the neighbors hear us?” He pulled you in for another kiss. Your hands started to trail behind his back. “Let’s go back to the bedroom.” He said between the kiss. He grabbed your hand and guided you to the master room. After closing the door, your hands were all over him. He grabbed you and lifted you into the air. “I love you,” You said as you were kissing his jaw. Your hands ran through his messy hair. You stopped. “Wait, what about work?” “I called us off,” Ben smiled, “Why...did you wanna go?” “Oh no. I rather spend my day with you.” You kissed his nose. Ben sat you on the bed. He pulled your panties off and tossed them to the side, only leaving you in the shirt. You pulled Ben to the bed and straddled him. You were panting furiously as You started to move back and forth. You slid your hand down his naked chest. “Oh...fuck…(Name)...” Ben moaned. You smiled and slid off his sweats. He wasn’t wearing any underwear. You grabbed his member and started to go up and down. You started to feel him shake and his breathing became heavy. You stopped and looked at him in the eyes. You placed one of his hands inside your shirt. You leaned into his ear. “I’m really enjoying this.” You whispered. “Me too,” He responded back. “(Name), I need to be inside you.” He pleaded. “I want you in me.” He got on top of you. He trailed his hand to you neck, stomach, and finally reached your entrance. You looked into his eyes. You felt him at your entrance and he- He stopped when you both heard knocking at the front door. “Oh for the love of god,” He rolled his eyes and ran to the window. “Shit, It’s my parents!” You sat straight up. “I’ll get dress. Go jump in the shower and rinse off. I’ll talk to them for a little bit. Then, come out when you're ready.” “Okay.” He kissed your cheek. “Later?” You asked. “Later.” He promised and left you with a kiss. He stormed into the bathroom and turned on the shower. You quickly got up and got dressed. You fix your hair as you were walking towards the front door. You checked in the mirror one last time. You finally opened the door and was greeted by Ben’s parents and their neighbor Hux. Hux was a long time family friend. He was carrying a big cardboard box. “(Name)!” Leia hugged you. “Were we interrupting something?” Han said. “Where’s Crylo?” Leia smacked his arm. “Stop calling the poor boy that,” She looked at you. “Were we interrupting something?” She gave you the eye. “No-uh-no,” You stuttered. “Ben's in the shower. He had a long night at work. Come on in.” Han and Leia walked in. “What kind of night?” Hux giggled as he walked by. “Oh shut up,” You mumbled. “What are the boxes for?” He stopped. “Oh, Ben’s childhood photos. We were going to drop them off, but we saw that the two of you were home.” “Oh. Cool,” You said. “Put them on the counter in the kitchen.” Hux walked in the house. You close the door behind you. What a morning I had. Notes: Sorry if there were any grammar errors throughout this. I'm too lazy to fix it, lol. Why does han call ben Crylo? You'll find out later why. :) I hoped you enjoy! Happy Star Wars Day! May the fourth be with you! Chapter 3 : Vacation Summary: You, and Ben go on vacation to the beach with friends and family. Notes: this took forever to type! I had fun writing it though :) Enjoy! **This was a request from an anon on tumblr.** **This chapter has smut.** (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Hey!” Rey ran up to your side. “How’s making the baby?” “Well, I got bad news and good news.” You looked down at the ground. “The bad news is the pregnancy test came out negative...again.” “Oh, I’m sorry.” Rey’s voice toned down. “No, No it’s fine,” You looked at her. “The good news is me, Ben and his parents are going to Myrtle Beach this weekend.” She looked up and smiled at you. “Nice! Myrtle huh?” “Yeah. His parents thought it would be a nice vacation for all of us. Catch up on everything too. His friends Phasma and Hux are going,” You pulled out a plane ticket. “And so are you.” “Holy-Really?” Rey jumped. “You mean-” “Yep. Finn and Poe are going too. You three really worked hard for the past couple months. I’ve talked to his parents. They’re cool with it. They think you need a vacation too.” Rey hugged you. “Wait, what about work?” She pulled away. “I got you covered.” You winked. “Oh thank you (Name)!” She pulled you in for another hug. “When do we leave?” “Tonight. I suggest you get home and start packing.” You hugged her tighter. ----------------------------------------- “Hey. I’m home! Are you packed?” You shut the front door behind you. Ben paused the Scooby-Doo movie. “Yeah. All ready and packed. My parents will be here in an hour.” He walked over to you and started to massage your shoulders. “Are you all ready? All packed?” You nodded. This massage was starting to feel good, really good. “An hour until we leave,” Ben whispered in your ear. “By tomorrow afternoon, we’ll be at the beach.” “Yeah. We’ll be swimming in the pool, have a little fire, play at the arcade.” You closed your eyes. Ben started to massage your back. You felt him leaving little kisses on your shoulders. “Ben, your parents aren’t coming for another hour, correct?” --------------------------------------------------- Your heart was racing as Ben sat you down on the kitchen counter. His eyes were roaming all over your body. “What to take off first?” He kissed you. He removed your shirt and bra leaving you shirtless. He stepped back and took off his shirt. Your mouth water as you saw his body. You loved seeing his muscles and his eight pack. He grin as he saw your expression. He pulled you to the edge of the counter and grind himself between your legs. You felt yourself moan. “(Name), How bad do you want me?” He whispered in your ear. “Badly.” You said wanting. He reached down and took off your pants and panties. He unzip his zipper and pulled out his length. You started to drool a little bit and looked back at his eyes. “Ready?” He asked in a low tone. “Yeah.” You breathe heavily. He slammed into you. He started to hiss as you grabbed his shoulders tightly. He gently started to bit your shoulder. You wrap your legs around his waist trying to keep up with his pace. It was minutes before you both reached your climax. You two were trying to catch your breath. You were going to be a little sore on the plane tonight. Ben kissed you before pulling out. “I think I should jump in the shower.” You blushed. “Make that two.” ------------------------------------------------------ “Here’s your room key,” Han handed you the keys. “I don’t trust Ben with them.” “Dad. It was only once.” Ben rolled his eyes. “It cost us extra.” Han pointed his finger at him. “Boys will you stop it,” Leia snapped her fingers. “This is suppose to be a fun family vacation.” “Fine. I’m still not over we had to pay for the missing key.” Han mumbled. “The boy was ten!” Leia said. She turned to you. “How about you and Benny go your hotel?” She smiled. “That sounds like a good idea.” You and Ben grabbed your bags and took each other hands. “Got everything?” He said. “Yeah.” You pulled him in for a kiss. You totally forgot his parents were there. “At least they won’t be next door to us.” Han was trying to hold back a laugh. “Dad!” Ben pulled away and looked at his father. ------------------------------------------------- Your hotel room wasn’t big or small. It was the right size for the both of you. It had a kitchen, a couch, and a programmable TV. In the corner of the room sat a large bed for you and Ben. The sheer canopy hang at the end of the bed. There was a large window that showed the luxurious relaxing beach. It was early in the morning. You sent Ben out for some groceries so you both wouldn’t have to go walk to the pizza shop every 3 hours. You were watching ( Favorite TV/movie ) on your laptop. You heard the sound of plastic bags. Ben walked over to the counter and started to put stuff away. You closed your laptop and looked up to see him. He was wearing jeans and a plaid shirt. His hair was messy and had a tired look in his eyes. “Hey sexy.” you said softly. You were a little tired yourself. You saw the little smile Ben had on his face as he was putting the milk away. “Hello.” You waited until he was done putting all the groceries away to talk to him. You notice he was rubbing his shoulders. “You okay?” “My shoulder’s hurt a little bit from carry 20 pounds of food up three floors.” He glared at you. “Well, I can make it up by giving you a massage. Go to the couch.” You saw him walk over and laid on his stomach. You climbed on his back. “Where does it hurt?” “Shoulders.” He wined into the pillow. Without another word, You started to rub his shoulders gently. A groan escaped from Ben’s lips. “That feels so nice babe.” “Thanks.” You smiled. You continue to rub his shoulders. You pushed some hair out of the way to access his ear. You leaned down and started to kiss it. Ben smiled at this. He turned himself around and grabbed your hips. You chuckled. “Better?” “More than better.” He pushed up and kissed you. You started to unbutton his shirt. ---------------------------------------------------- “Crylo?” Finn put down his fork. He started to laugh. “Dr. Crylo.” “Don’t push it.” Ben said across the table. “I remember those days.” Phasma wiped her mouth with a napkin. “Who came up with the band name The First Order?” Poe asked. “I think it was Hux or Ben.” Leia responded. “When Ben told me about the name Kylo Ren I first started to call him Hannah Montana,” The whole table burst out laughing except Ben. “I call him Crylo because instead of singing he sounds like he’s crying.” “Oh Han, The boy is a pretty good singer,” Leia said. “So where are you kids heading tonight?” “Me and Poe saw this club by the pier and it looks sweet!” Rey stuffed her mouth with bread. “Well, me and Han are going to see a movie tonight,” Leia salted her fries. “If you need a ride, call us.” “We’ll be fine Mrs. Solo,” Finn said. “After we go clubbing, we’re heading to the beach for a tiny fire and jumping in the pool. 50/50 chance we might go to the arcade.” “Be safe. All of you. I don’t feel like spending the rest of my vacation at the ER.” Han gave all of you the stare. ------------------------------------------------------------- You and Ben went back to your room to change. You searched the closet for a dress. You didn’t feel like dress too fancy, So you thought simple and sexy would work tonight. You put on your neon bikini just in case you decide to go swimming. You then put a black dress with a low cut that ended to your knees. To add some sparkle, you put on a necklace Ben gave you as a honeymoon gift. “Woah,” Ben stopped to look at you. You were fixing your hair in the mirror. “You look beautiful.” Ben was wearing his black swim shorts and a black tee. “You look nice too.” You walked up to him and ran your hands down his chest to feel his muscles. “Actually, Your arms look amazing.” “Thanks.” His cheeks were turning pink. He felt a bubble of joy in his chest. A corner of his mouth twitched up. You both walked outside and saw Poe talking on the phone with Finn, and Rey standing by the light pole. “Finally, the lovebirds are here.” Rey joked. “Ha-ha, very funny.” You rolled your eyes. “Okay...tell him I’ll be home soon...got it Maz? Okay...thanks,” Poe hanged up. “Sorry I had to check on BB-8.” “You and that dog.” Finn shook his head. The music was blaring outside the club. You could hear the waves on the beach. It was cold outside. You wrap your arms around and move forward. Everyone behind you was joking and shoving each other around. “Ouch!” You heard Hux. “Ben, Be careful!” “Yeah...Crylo Ren.” Phasma added. “Guys, act like Doctors and Lawyers.” Poe joked. “Dude, you cried about your dog 30 seconds ago..” Finn commented. You could hear an ouch from behind. You couldn’t help but smile. You continue walking to the front of the club. All of you had no problem getting inside. Once in, your eyes had to adjust to the darkness. There are multicolored flashing lights on the dance floor, but they are not bright enough beyond that. It was a very crowded tonight. “Nice! I’m headed to the dance floor!” Poe fast walked over with Finn and Hux following. “Me and Rey are going to watch people fail at karaoke. Do you wanna join (Name)?” Phasma turned to you. She was wearing a grey tank top, black shorts, and red heels. Her blonde hair was curly. “I’m good. Me and Ben are going to the bar. Thank you.” “No problem.” She smiled. You watch her and Rey head outside. You and Ben made your way to the bar. You could smell the sweaty bodies. The young woman gave you your drinks. “How are you liking it?” Ben yelled over the music. “It’s okay.” You yelled back. “That's good.” The music was getting a little more louder. You saw Poe, Hux, and Finn playing Darts. Through a window, you could see Rey and Phasma giggling as two fit men ran by them. You felt Ben’s hand trail down your back. He leaned in and whispered, “Wanna dance good looking?” You smiled and said yes. He grabbed your hand and guided you to the dance floor. You could feel the other bodies rub and press against you. When you two found a decent spot, you turned your back facing Ben. You never really danced like this before. You started to move your body to the music. Ben move his hands to explore your body. His hips grounded into yours. You can feel his member against you. You knew he wasn’t wearing any boxers. Ben started to kiss your neck. “Ben...” You whispered. He stopped. “What?” “Nothing...I’m just really enjoying this...I want to keep going.” You turned around to face him. You pressed your hips into his. A soft moan escaped from his mouth. “Me too.” ------------------------------------------ It was the middle of the night. The sand beneath your feet glittered in the moonlight. There was millions of stars dancing above you and Ben. Rey, Poe, Finn, Hux, and Phasma headed to the pool. You and Ben decided to stay behind and gaze upon the stars. You took off you black dress and necklace which left you in the neon pink bikini. It was you, Ben, a little fire, and a thousand of stars. It was perfect. The sound of waves calmed you. The cool breeze hits your face. Looking up, you close your eyes to enjoy the moment. “You’re beautiful in the moonlight.” Ben was brushing your face. You stared at Ben as he stared at you; His eyes burning with intensity of a thousand suns. “(Name).” He whispered, His face was inches to yours. The warmth of his breath lit you up like a candle. You could feel his eyes scanning your body. In an instant, his lips were on yours. They were rough but smooth. His breathing was deep and loud in your ear. He moan and so did you. “Ben.” You quickly looked away. He worried. “What? Was it the club? If it was I’m-” “It’s not that,” You cut him off. “Do you still want to be a father?” “Of course! What would you ask that?” He started to rub your arm. “Are you okay?” “I’m fine it’s just-it’s just feels like you want to give up at this point.” You felt a terrible weight on your shoulders. “(Name)...I don’t want to give up.” Ben kissed your forehead. You looked deep in his eyes and smiled at him. “I don’t want to give up either.” Ben held you close. It felt like it was only the two of you under the moonlight. ---------------------------------------------- The only sound in the room was the moans of two lovers. The sound of skin to skin. Ben was above you, moving at a slow pace. You escaped soft little moans. You trailed your hands down his back to his buttocks. “(Name)...” He whispered. He tilt his hips to hit your sensitive spot. “Ben!” You gasped loudly. He trailed his hand between your bodies. He gently rub your lower stomach. A cry escaped your lips as you held him closer. ----------------------------------------- The silence surrounded you. You turn your head to look at the alarm clock. The red numbers read 2:37 a.m. You enjoy the silence at night, except when Ben was snoring, but tonight he was quiet. You quietly got out of bed and threw on your short blue robe. You tip-toe your way to the couch and laid down. You turn on the TV. It was showing an episode of Drake and Josh. “(Name)?” A tired Ben said from the bed. Ben got out of bed walked towards you. You saw that he was still naked. “Hey.” You gave him a tired smile. Ben sat on the arm of the couch. “May I join?” “Sure.” You continue to watch TV. Ben got behind you. “Comfortable?” “Yeah, you?” you asked. “Yep.” He answered. The warmth of his body caressing your soft skin. Your legs bent and separate over his. His arms were gently laying on your side. You grab a blanket and threw it on top of both of you. You turn off the TV and faced Ben. You saw that he was sleeping peacefully. You gently kissed his lips. “I love you.” You whispered. You closed your eyes so you can go to sleep. You felt your his lips on yours. “I love you too.” Notes: Sorry if there was any grammar errors. This is probably be the last time this will have smut...for a while. There will be more I promise ;) Also, I'm adding prequel chapters! Like how you and Ben first met, first date, wedding, first time, wedding night, etc. I hoped you enjoy! Chapter 4 : Telling the big news Part 1 Summary: You finally find out your pregnant and you tell ben and his parents. Notes: I was going to update this tomorrow but I'm going to be busy. Enjoy :) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You haven’t been feeling very well every you came home from the vacation. For the past couple of weeks you’ve been puking every morning, sleeping a lot, eating a lot, and even stealing Finn’s muffin because it looked so good to you. You were puking in the toilet. Holding your stomach and pulling your hair back. You never been this sick before. You opened an pregnancy test. You did your thing with it and waited for an answer. You paced back and forth in the bathroom. After you brushed your teeth, you looked at the pregnancy test. It read positive. “Oh my god,” You whispered. “Oh my god!” Ben was outside mowing the law. After he turning off the lawn mower, he started to hear your voice from the bathroom window. “Ben! Ben! Get in here!” You cried. Ben freaked out. He ran through the house and slammed the door open. “What is it? Are you okay? Do you need to go to the Hospital?” He said between heavy breaths. “Ben…” You sniffed. “I’m pregnant.” You handed him the pregnancy test. He studied it and formed a big O on his mouth. He looked down at your stomach. “You-You're pregnant?” His hands went to your stomach. “I’m going to be a...father?” “Yes.” You teared up. His eyes began to water. He lifted you off your feet and gave you a passionate kiss. “I’m going to be a father!” He yelled. --------------------------------------- You had to tell you and Ben’s parents. You broke the news with yours during lunch. Of course, they were jumping up and down. It was Han and Leia’s turn. You decided to give them a card with a picture of the baby in it, the same way you announced it to your parents. It was Mother’s day and you decided to invite them over for dinner. Ben went out and got his mother a card and you taped the picture of the baby on it. After dinner, you all sat down with a glass of wine, with you having water, and chatted. Han noticed you weren’t drinking any of the alcohol. “Why aren’t you having any wine? This is your favorite kind!” You shrug your shoulder. “Not in the mood I guess.” Ben thought it was time to break the news. “Mom I got you a gift.” He handed the pink envelope to Leia. She opened it and read the card. “Oh Ben thank you. This was very-” She paused. She looked at you then the card then back at you. “Are you serious?” Han snatch the card out of Leia’s hand. “God damn it Ben, what did you put in the...oh my god.” A big smile formed on his face. Leia jumped up to hug you. “Congratulations. I’m so excited for you!” “Thank you.” You smiled. “So you’re going to have a little one?” Han laughed. “Yep,” Be crossed his arms. “(Name) is already picking names.” Leia pulled away from you. “I’m calling Luke!” She pulled out her phone and went to the kitchen. Notes: Sorry if it was short and boring. I ran out of ideas. Part 2 is telling Rey, Finn, Poe, Hux, and Phasma. Then the next chapter after that will be a prequel chapter! I'm so excited! I hoped you enjoy! :) Chapter 5 : Telling the big news Pt. 2 Summary: You and Ben break the news to your friends Notes: Here's part 5! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Are you going to finish that?” You down at Rey’s cookie. Your cravings were kicking in. “Uh, no.” Rey stared at you. Her eyes move up and down. Tonight, you were telling the gang about your pregnancy. Finn, Rey, Poe, Hux, and Phasma. All of them. They notice you acting a little different at work so you and Ben thought it was time to announce the pregnancy to them. You invited them for dinner at your house. You and Ben were going to announce your pregnancy to them after everyone was done eating. You asked Ben to get you another plate because your ankles were a little sore. “Wow. You must be a little hungry,” Poe swirled his spaghetti with his fork. “I’m trying not to be rude or anything.” “Nah, you’re fine. I’m-I’ve been running around all day and haven’t got anytime to eat,” You shrugged your shoulders. “I guess I’m squeezing in three meals a day in one night.” Everyone at the table laughed at your joke. You felt your stomach stirring. You got up from the table. “Hey, are you okay?” Hux asked. “Uh, I’ve to go to the bathroom.” You calmly walked to the stairs. When you reached the bottom, You sprint up to the bathroom. You wanted to use the upstairs so no one could hear you gag. You felt something warm going up your throat. You raced to the toilet and vomited. You forgot this comes with pregnancy and you were stuck with this for the next 9 months. You felt an acidy bitter taste in your mouth, then a tingling and burning sensation in your throat. As you were finishing brushing your teeth, You heard a knock on the bathroom door. You opened it and saw Ben. “I saw you running upstairs. As I was walking down the hallway I could hear you throwing up,” He held you close and started to rub your back. “Should we tell them now?” You buried your head in his chest. “Yeah.” “How? I mean we never planned it like we did for our parents.” He kissed the top of your head. You look up at him. “Remember when your dad asked about the wine?” ----------------------------------------- You walked in your living room and saw that everyone was seated. “Sorry that took so long. Me and Ben were discussing something.” “You feeling okay?” Finn questioned. Everyone in the room was pretty much worried about you. “Pssh, yeah. I just drank a lot of water today.” Ben walked in with red wine and wine glasses. “Anyone thirsty?” Ben looked over at you and smiled. You responded with a wink. You sat down next to Finn, who was sipping his wine. “We have something in common (Name), our favorite wine is red wine,” He grinned. “Should we do a toast after everyone get theirs?” “Of course...” You stared at him. “About what?” He was thinking. “Hmmm...What to talk about...eh, we’ll just talk about you and Ben.” “Sounds good to me.” You giggled. Ben handed you a glass of water. “For my beautiful wife.” He kissed you on the lips. “Can you wait until we leave?” Poe interrupted. You both burst out laughing. Ben sat down next to you, wrapping his arm around your shoulder. Finn stood up and tapped his glass. “I want to say-” “Wait.” Rey stopped him. “What?” Finn said with a annoying tone. “Rey, I’m giving one of my toasts.” “I notice something.” She looked at you and tilted her head. You gave her a fake laugh. “What?” “You always drink red wine. You never miss it. It’s your favorite. How come you're skipping it?” She questioned. Everyone gazed at you and looked down at your glass of water. You looked at Ben and nodded. It was time to break the news to them. “Well, (Name) can’t have any wine...for at least a year.” He moved his arm and locked his hand with yours. “Why?” Phasma asked. “Is everything okay (Name)?” “Yeah...It’s just...That...I’m pregnant.” The room went silent. “You’re-what?” Finn widened his eyes. “Wait did I hear that right?” Hux turned to Poe. “Did I hear that right. Did you hear it?” “Oh my god!” Rey yelled and ran to you. “Congratulations!” “How long are you?” Phasma walked over and hugged you. “a couple of weeks,” You began to rub your stomach. “We’ve been keeping it from you guys for a while. We didn’t know when to tell you guys.” “Oh, Ben’s going to be a daddy!” Poe pinched Ben’s cheeks. You smiled at Ben. He looked at you and smiled back. Everyone wanted to rub your belly. Hugs were exchanged, tears of joy were spreading around and you were gazing at that chocolate cake. The whole room was filled with joy. ---------------------------------------------------------- After everyone left, you jumped in the shower and put your pj’s on. You laid on the bad and turned on the TV. You pulled out a magazine and started to read it. You heard the door slowly squeak open. You looked up and saw Ben. His hair was wet and messy. He was smiling at you. He walked over and got on the bed. He lift up your shirt up a little bit and began placing little kisses on your stomach. “Ben, must we do this every night?” You signed. He stopped. “Sorry. It’s just, I’m really excited to have this child,” He looked at you. “We’re going to be parents.” You ran your hands through his hair. “We’re going to be a mommy and daddy.” You whispered. He moved up and kissed you on the lips. You closed your eyes and decided to enjoy this moment. Your hands moved to his waist. You pull off his shirt and threw it on the ground. He moved back to your stomach, laying his head on it. You could hear him singing softly. He moved his arms around you. You close your eyes and played with his hair. You smiled. This was meant to happen. You couldn’t wait for your new adventure. Notes: Sorry if this was a little boring and short. I was running out of ideas halfway through lol. I hope you liked it! Chapter 6 : Ice Cream Summary: Ben takes you to a festival and get ice cream. Notes: I’m going to prom tomorrow so I won’t be able to post anything…Maybe. ;) I’m really doing nothing in school tomorrow so I’ll probably write. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “So, what does your stomach feel like?” Rey questioned. You both were walking down the hallway. You were 4 months pregnant, there was a little bump on your stomach. You help your hands around it. “It depends. Sometimes you feel bloated. Sometimes you feel normal,” You walked in your office and sat down. You signed. “Once I’m down, I’ll never get up.” Rey laughed. She sat down on the couch in the back of the room. “Well, you got 5 more months! Me, Finn, and Poe are going to that summer festival tonight. You going?” “Unfortunately. Ben’s taking me. We’re just walking around though since I can’t really go on any rides.” “That sucks.” You shrugged your shoulders. “I know. I’m just going for the ice cream.” -------------------------------------------------- Ben paid for your entrance tickets and walk to courtyard with its souvenir shops and concession stands. Everything was a bright happy color. The smell of hotdogs and popcorn was in the air. Little kids running around, and people bumping into each other. You could hear people screaming on the rides. “Sucks we can’t go on any.” Ben grabbed your hand. He ran his hand through his flowing locks. He adjusted his plaid shirt. “It’s fine. Maybe we can go on less dangerous ones like fun houses.” You suggested. “Yeah. Maybe we can do that.” Your hands were swinging. You heard a familiar scream. You look to your right and saw Poe and Finn on the Caterpillar. Poe was holding onto Finn. Rey was behind them with Phasma, they seem to be enjoying it. “They must be having fun.” Ben said. You sorta felt bad for him because he looked forward to the festival rides every year. “Ben.?” You looked up to meet his eyes. “How about we go play some games?” ------------------------------------------ “I can’t believe we didn’t win anything!” You threw your hands in the air. “I remember why I don’t play these games.” You pouted. Ben rolled his eyes. “How about we leave and get ice cream?” You jumped. “Did you say ice cream? Boy, I’ve been craving it all damn day!” Ben bought you a (Favorite flavor) ice cream cone and he got a cherry cone. You walk to find a place to sit. You sat on a wooden bench that was under a tree. You love ice cream but you hate it when it's on the ground. It was dripping all over your hand. You disposed the cone and wiped you hand with a napkin. Ben walked over with the cone in his hand. You got up from the bench and kissed him on the lips. You could taste the cherry ice cream on his lips. You grab his hair and pull him closer. He broke the kiss. He notice that you didn’t have your cone. “Where’s your cone?” He asked. You put your hands behind your back and rocked back and forth. “Um...I ate.” You kept eye contact. “You dropped it...didn’t you?” He looked down and saw the stains on your pants. His brow furrowed. “That cone was $3.25. You wasted my money (name).” “I’m sorry. I took a lick and it fell,” You sat down on the bench. You place your hand over your stomach. “The little one was waiting all day. I’m sorry” Ben sat down next to you. He trailed his hand down your back. “I’m not mad, I promise. I can’t get mad at you. I was being ridiculous about the price. I should be sorry,” He held the cone near your face. “Wanna share?” You smiled. You began to take a bite from the cone. It immediately melts on your taste buds. You watch Ben lick the ice cream. Damn did he look good doing it. After you both were done, He cleaned up and threw the messy napkin away. “How did the baby like it?” He place his hand on your tummy and began to rub it in a circular motion. “They liked it.” You place your hand on top of his. “Do you remember this bench?” He asked. You push some of his hair so you can see his eyes. “Of course! You proposed to me here.” “Well, you know what today is?” He was really close to your face. He smiled. “Do you want to know why I brought you here?” It hit you in the head. “Oh my god! Ben! You proposed today! I totally forgot,” You felt your eyes tear up. “I’ve been so busy with work I forgot! I’ve been too stressed out to even think about it” You felt tears going down your face. “I didn’t give you a gift!” “I don’t care about gifts,” He wiped your tears away. “I just want to be with you.” He pulled you in for a tight hug. You felt so protective and secure in his present and so did he. He pulled away and look into your (E/C) eyes. When he leaned it, you could smell the scent of cherry in his breath. His lips reached your jaw, tracing lines to your neck. They were so warm against your skin. You laid him down on the bench. Thank god no one was around. You move forward, wrapping your arms around his neck. Your eyes zooming from his eyes to his lips and back. He gently grab your hips, careful not to pinch your stomach, and pulled you closer. There was heat between you two. “I think we should go home.” You gave him a quick kiss on the lips. “I agree.” He moved his hands down your back. You both jump in the car and drove home. ------------------------------------------ Later in the night, you and Ben were laying down on the living room floor. Pillows and blankets were scatter all over the room. It was dark and quiet. The only thing you could hear was the cars outside. Ben turned on his side to see you sleeping peacefully. He kissed your head and stared at the ceiling. He heard you wake up. You shifted yourself on top of him. “It’s chilly in here. Can you hold me?” “Of course love.” He pulled you in his arms. Notes: Again, I’m really doing nothing in school and I’m not doing anything after prom. ( I’m boring af I know ). My friends are working Saturday and My parents are going out of town so I’ll be working on my memory book for an hour or two and catch up on requests. I hope you enjoy! Chapter 7 : The Nursery Summary: You see the Nursery for the first time. Notes: Hey! First off I want to apologize for not updating this week. I’ve been busy with school. Second off, this is week is my last two days of high school! Forever! I’m so excited :D!! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “So where should we have it?” Rey asked. “I don’t know...maybe here? I guess?” You suggested. “I’m fine with that.” Leia handed you a glass of water. You, and Rey were over Leia’s house discussing plans for the baby shower. “Well, now we have a place to throw it. We just need a theme,” Rey turned her head to you. “Boy or girl?” “What?” “Are you having a boy or a girl?” She asked again. You patted your stomach. “Actually, me and Ben are waiting until the baby is born to see if it’s a boy or a girl. We want it to be a surprise.” “Oh. Are you sure? You have to wait for another five months.” Rey said. You shook your head yes. “We discussed about it. We told our doctor not to tell us the gender of the baby.” “Wait, Poe knows?” Rey eyes widened. “Yes and only him,” You got a little closer. “Rey, Maybe it’s best just for him to know. No one else at the hospital knows. The file is secretly hidden in his office. Plus, you're not that good at keeping secrets.” She laughed. “Okay, Okay, I’ll wait another five months. Don’t wanna ruin the surprise for myself either.” You smiled. ---------------------------------------------------- You got out of the car. “Thanks for dropping me off.” “No problem,” Rey said over the loud music. You waved as she pulled out of the driveway. You enter the house and dropped your purse on the floor. “Ben, I’m home!” You shouted. No answer. “Huh, He must be in the shower.” You said to yourself. A day of planning leaves you tired, so you decided to walk upstairs to your room to take a nap. You walked by the nursery and notice that the door was slightly open. Ben must've done some work with it while you were gone. You opened the door and notice that he did work on it, A lot of work. The walls were painted green with white curtains. Near the window was a white cradle. In the corner of the cradle, there were different shades of green blankets in a neat stack. Next to the white cradle, there was a brown nightstand with a lamp on it that was covered in zebra’s.There was a small rocking chair in the corner of the room. On the dresser, you could see a picture of you and Ben. “You like it?” You turn around and saw Ben leaning against the door, drying his hands off. You walked over to him and hugged him. “Ben I love it! How did you do all of this by yourself?” He looked down at you. “Well, I had some help.” “Poe and Finn?” You asked. “Yeah and my dad. The room isn’t really done yet, but we got the big things done. I knew you really wanted a jungle forest theme, So I kinda went with that.” “Perfect! That’s the theme for the baby shower.” You wrap your arms around his neck. You move your lips to his. The kiss was soft and lovely. Ben pulled away and guided you out of the room. As he was closing the door, He noticed you were yawning. “Tired?” You felt him rubbing your shoulders. You closed your eyes. “Carrying a baby can leave you tired you know.” He leaned and whispered in your ear. “I think we should get into some comfy clothes and take a little nap. I’m a little tired too. After that, we can order a pizza and watch something on Netflix.” “Sounds good to me.” After putting on sweats and one of Ben’s shirts. You crawled in bed and cuddled up next to Ben. You saw that he was already sleeping. You smiled and buried your head into his chest. Notes: I might be posting another part tonight :D Depends how much I get done. I hoped you enjoy! Chapter 8 : Anniversary Summary: You and Ben got to a salsa dance lesson for your Anniversary. Notes: An anon from tumblr requested that you and Ben go to the new salsa classes they offer in town….private ones for your anniversary. They also requested that the dude pretty much gets clingy on you and hurts you while dancing. You want to stop but the dude won’t so Ben has to step in and save you. Another tumblr user requested pregnancy sex so I mashed them together. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Eight years since you and Ben have been married. Eight years since you’ve been husband and wife. A family friend works at the new Dancing with Don. For anniversary’s, he likes to do private lessons for couples. You thought it was a perfect idea for you and Ben. He wasn’t fond of this idea, you were excited.. The night of your lessons, you wore a sundress and the locket Ben gave you on your first date. You slip on your black flats and ran to the car. “Woah, you look beautiful.” The corner of his lips curled. He was wearing gray formal pants and a red button down collar. “You look good too.” You kissed him on the cheek. --------------------------------------------------- It was around 9:00 at night. Don said he like dancing with couples late because it gives them that romantic feeling. You were holding Ben’s hand, guiding him to the large dance room. It was painted Green with a large mirror on the right side of the wall. The door flung opened and a young man walked in. He was wearing blue jeans, a white polo, and had his hair in a man bun. “You must be Mr. and Mrs. Solo! I’m Don and I’ll be giving you the lessons.” He turned his head to you. He gave you a flirty smile. He demonstrated the steps for the dance. He told you since this was your first time here, he’ll go easy on you. You started out with the first step with Ben. It was simple three steps. You smile at Ben, stepping forward and failing the steps. You yelp as Don Snatched you away. “Hey, your really good Mrs. Solo! How about you finish with me?” He winked. Before you could answer, Ben gave him a light tap on Don’s shoulder. “This is our lesson, Dom.” Don looked up and gave Ben a nasty glare. He let you go and you walked back to your husband, holding on to his arm lightly. “It’s Don and I’m sorry.” Ten minutes later, You and Ben finally got the dance. Ben laughed as he twirled you around. Don anger built him up. He hated when people wasted his precious time. Maybe opening this dance studio wasn’t a good idea. “We should do another dance.” He pulled a hand out in your direction. Damn, this guy never gives up. You decided to be nice. “Don, thank you but-” You were interrupted by a spun. He gripped your hand to hard. Now, you were feeling pain going through your wrist. The music was playing as Don was pulling you close. “Ow, Don....please let me go….” He ignored you. You yelp in fright as you felt his nails clawing down your back. “Hey! Pregnant!” You felt kisses going down your neck. “What the hell? Stop it asshole!” You tried to push him away. Now his hands were on your bottom. Ben saw enough. He knew this wasn’t a good idea. One, this guy was trying win his wife. Second, forcing her to dance. Finally, hurting her and possibly the baby? Ben had to save his wife. He stomped over to the stereo and turned off the music. He gave his best angry glare and walked over to the both of you. He pushed Don away and grab you by the wrist. “Look, buddy, I had enough.” “Maybe she had enough with you,” Don smiled. “Why would she go for you?” He looked over ben’s shoulder. “What do you say babe? Leave him and run this studio with me? We can get the divorce papers tonight if you wanna.” You didn’t answer. You were still shaky from Don touching you. You felt a tear running down your face. “Fine. Whatever. Stay with a weakling.” He stared at Ben and then your stomach. “I still can’t believe she slept with an ugly ass monster. That kid might come out with three heads.” Ben’s eyes fixed on Don’s and punched him in the nose. You felt a burst of joy in your chest, but had a shocked expression on your face. You never saw this side of Ben. He was always soft and kind. You saw that Don’s nose was bleeding and he was crying. Ben kneeled down to Don. “Who’s the weakling now, huh?” He said, smirking. Ben walked over to you and guided you out of the dance room. “No more salsa dancing. Ever.” He grinned. ------------------------------------------------------ You were on your phone playing candy crush. Ben walked out drying his hair off. He threw the towel in the corner of the room. He laid next to you and turned off the light. You started to hear sniffing. You put your phone down and turned to him. “Ben, are your crying?” “No.” He sniffed. “Liar, Liar pants on fire.” You teased. “Do you still love me? Even after the lessons?” He said. You found yourself frozen. “Ben, why would you ask me that?” “Your expression after I punched him….You looked scared….Scared of me.” “No, I was in shock. I never saw you act like that.” You said as you played with his hair. “ Maybe he’s right, I am a monster!” He got up and looked at you. You notice the tears going down his face. A frown appeared on your face. “Ben! You’re not a monster! He was hurting me….you jumped in and save me!” You leaned in and wipe his tears away. “He jealous because I married a talented handsome doctor! Ben, you’re an amazing person. You are my one true best friend. I married you because we have the same life goals, you make me laugh, and You make me happy! The idea of being married to you for more decades to come make me so fucking happy.” He was shocked. Those words just made his love grow bigger for you. A big grin ran across his face. His forehead touched yours. “I’m one lucky man.” You smirked. “Why?” “Because I have you,” He kissed you. “Can we make love?” “Yes. Oh! Let’s make Don super jealous!” “I’ll leave marks. So If we ever run into him ever again, he’ll finally understand that you are mine.” He winked. A soft laugh ran out of your mouth. Ben started to pull away the layers of his clothing, leaving kisses on your neck. You lowered yourself on the bed, Ben leaning over you. He started to suckle your neck as carefully as he could. He was aware of your stomach so he had to be gentle tonight. “Come on (Name), Take it off,” He gave you a playful smile. “I want to see you.” “Ben….” “What? You’re sexy as hell.” He purred. “No, It’s not that. I have a little trouble taking off my pants off.” Your cheeks turn a little red. Being five months pregnant can have difficult side when it comes to peeing. Ben tugged away your pants and shirt, leaving you in your underwear. He hands reached your breasts and carefully squeezed them. Without warning, he connected his mouth with a nipple. “Ben…” You grab his hair. Ben looked up at you. He sat up and grabbed a leg. He started to leave a trail of kisses down it. He carefully laid your leg down. He grabbed your underwear. “May I?” You nodded yes. Ben got between your legs and pulled away your underwear. “Beautiful,” He commented. He positioned himself gently between your legs. His eyes made contact with yours. “I’ll be really slow, okay?” You gave another nod yes. You helped him take off his boxers. He tossed them next to the bed were all the other articles of clothing were located. “Damn, I can get you hard fast.” “I want you so badly.” He said, he kissed your forehead. “Same here.” The bed started to bounce as Ben moved back and forth. Moans of pleasure were shared between you two. It was the only sound in the whole house. You wrap your legs around Ben, moving him closer. “Am I hurting you?” He asked, still rocking back and forth. “No! You’re okay.” You kissed him on the lips. Ben started to grow tired fast. After he came, He slowed down his thrusts and laid down next to you. “Sorry, If It was short. I’m really tired.” He pulled the covers up and putting it over both of your bodies. He moved his arm up your side, pulling you closer. You laid your head on his chest. “I’m tired too.” “Happy anniversary (Name). I love you so so much.” “I love you too Ben. Happy anniversary.” You closed your eyes. “What If our kid comes out with three heads?” He asked. You open your eyes and look at him. "That'll be a surprise." You nuzzled into his neck. Notes: Sorry if the smut was boring. I was having trouble writing that part. I hoped you liked it! Chapter 9 : Feeling the baby kick Summary: You feel the baby kick for the first time. Notes: Ayyyy. Sorry, I promise to update this story more often <3 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You were laying on the bed, watching (Favorite TV show/ movie) You hands were on your stomach. You were waiting for the baby to kick for the first time. You rub your stomach. “Don’t worry. Daddy will be home soon.” You took the cup, raised it to your lips, and drank the water, gulp after gulp it was empty. You heard the front door open and close. Ben walked into the bedroom. He looked exhausted. He gave you a smile and went into the bathroom. You heard the shower turn on. You giggled because you can hear Ben singing in the shower. A few minutes later, he walked out and laid down next to you. He kissed you on the cheek. “How are my two favorite people in the world?” You looking down and place a hand on your stomach. “Good. We’re doing good. Waiting for a kick though. I mean the baby has been moving around a little bit but no kick.” He place a hand on top of yours. “It’s okay. The baby is probably shy. So what are you watching?” “(Movie/TV show)” Ben still had his hand over yours. As you both were watching TV, you felt something odd. You and Ben looked at each other with big eyes. “Did you feel that?” You asked. He shook his head up and down. He moved down a little bit and place both hands on your stomach. “That was a kick. That was definitely a kick.” He was smiling. You felt the baby kick again. A big smile appeared on your face. Ben couldn’t take his hands off your stomach. He’s been waiting for this moment for a long time. Ben was laughing and crying at the same time. He felt his child kick for the first time. You started to play with his hair for a little bit. He moved away from your stomach and kissed you on the lips. He went back to your stomach and planted kisses all over it. You even heard him whisper ‘I love you.’ Notes: Sorry if this was short and cheesy. I hoped you enjoyed! Chapter 10 : Surprise Summary: You receive exciting new from Poe Notes: I’m so sorry I haven’t updated in like…a month! I had a party to plan, getting ready for college, and I got sick. I feel really, really, really bad that I haven’t updated this story! We are getting close to the end though. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “I felt it!” Rey cheered. “I felt the baby kick!” You can feel the baby kick at Rey. Chuckling, you replied, “Okay, okay, calm down. Don’t get her or him upset,” You rub your stomach, making the baby calm down a little bit. “Rey, Thank you for all your gifts on Saturday. You didn’t really need to buy all my kids wardrobe.” Rey shrugged. “Oh, I got carried away. I can’t believe you’ll be leaving work soon! I’m going to miss you!” You began to laugh. “Rey. I’m going to be gone for a little bit. It’s not like I’m going to be gone for ever.” “I know that. It’s just…you’re leaving me with him.” She turned around to look at Finn, who was eating his muffin really fast. “Rey, you’ll be fine.” You smiled. She turn back to you. “Hey, can I ask you a question?” She said. “Of course.” “So…this might be a really dumb question, but me and Finn were talking about it a few weeks ago. Are you having…I don’t know…twins?” You raised an eyebrow. “Excuse me?” “I mean, can twins run in the family? Like, it probably skips a generation in yours.” You snorted. “Rey, what makes you think that?” “Oh, I don’t know about your family, but Ben’s has twins on his side.” “Yeah, Luke and Leia are twins. I don’t recall Padme nor Anakin having a twin.” You began rubbing your stomach again and felt a kick. “Because it skips a generation! I mean Anakin and Padme had twins, Leia and Han didn’t have twins. Luke also didn’t have any twins,” She pointed and your stomach. “You my darling, are probably carrying twins.” You rolled your eyes. “Rey, that didn’t make any sense.” Rey crossed her arms and smiled. “I still think you might be carrying twins.” “Rey, Poe would’ve said something about it. I actually go see him for another ultrasound this afternoon. I’ll give you proof that I’m not carrying twins.” You crossed your arms and smiled back at her. “Oh I love how you’re being salty right now,” That made you laugh a little bit. “Okay, but I’m just saying it could be possible.” -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- “So, She thinks you’re carrying twins?” Ben asked. You were sitting on the white bed waiting for Poe to come in. “Ben, I told her I’m not carrying twins. So, I’m going to show her proof tomorrow that I am not carrying twins.” You heard the door open. Poe walked into the room with a smile. “Hey (Name) and Ben. How are you doing?” “Good.” you both said at the same time. “So (Name), How was the baby shower?” Poe walked over and started to get the machine ready. “Oh, good. Rey bought me a ton of clothes though.” You said, smiling. “I heard a whole wardrobe,” Poe laughed. “Okay, I need you to lay down. How are you feeling? Any problems?” “Nope. Well, he or she kicks a lot.” You pull up your shit to expose your whole stomach. “Okay, I’m going to do a couple of tests and I’ll come back with the results then send you home to rest. Deal?” You smiled. “Deal.” ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- “What is taking forever.” Ben was rubbing your hands. “Ben, he said everything looks fine. He just getting the results.” You started to play with Ben’s hair. Poe walked in with a big smile. “Everything looks good (Name). Your Babies are healthy!” “Oh that good,” You look at Ben with a smile. It hit you. Actually it hit the both of you. You both turn to Poe with big eyes. “Babies? Did I hear you say Babies?” “Yes! It appears that you’re having two children. The results from your ultrasound came back. Congrats you guys. You’re having twins!” Poe grab Ben’s hand and shook it. “I’ll leave so you can get cleaned up and go. I’ll see you guys later.” Poe walked out of the room. You were shocked. Rey was right. How was she right? You and Ben looked at each other, you both from big smiles on your faces. You were having twins! As you were cleaning up, Ben kiss your belly gently. “You two are going to be amazing. I’m going to love you both to the moon and back.” He muttered, he started to get emotional. “Ben. Why are you crying?” You played with his hair. He looked up at you with some tears going down his face. “I’m really happy that you’re carrying twins, but that mean I have to build another crib.” ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Later that night, after calling and texting everyone about the news you heard today (Rey didn’t believe you at first), You were starting to feel the cravings kicking in. You asked Ben to see if he can get you some food. “Sure. What do you want? Pasta? Beans? Fruit?” He asked. You told him there was still ice cream from the babyshower that you wanted for dinner instead. You knew was was going to say no, so you quickly did the puppy-face. Of course he couldn’t say no to your puppy face. Ben hugged you from behind and said, “Okay, if that’s what you want. Now go pick a movie and lay down. I’ll join you in a minute.” He kissed your cheek and went to the kitchen to find the cake. You laid down on the couch and felt two kicks at the same time. You rub your stomach and closed your eyes, falling asleep. Ben walked into the livingroom. “Hey (Name) I got your ice-” He saw that you were sleeping. He smiled and sat down the bowl. He grab a blanket and carefully laid down next to you. After getting everything situated, he turned off the light and fell asleep. Notes: Some are you are asking when does the baby arrive in this story? Soon! Very Soon! I think two chapters from now the reader goes in labor? I don’t I have to look. I know I have to add Hux, Phasma, Finn, and everyone else before this story ends! {*Spoiler* I am planning to end this story where it’s a year later after the reader gives birth to the twins and it’s their 1st birthday.} So expect at least five more chapters in this story plus an authors note after I’m completed this story. Thank you so much for reading! Chapter 11 : Movies Summary: You go to the movies with Ben, Rey, and Finn. Notes: We’re so close to the end D: My goal is to finish this story sometime next week. I only have 4 chapters left with an author's note. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You were alone in the breakroom. You were chowing down on your bagel when you notice Rey sitting down next to you. You turn to her and notice that she was staring blankly at her lunch. “You okay?” Speaking with a mouth full of food. She turn to you. “Okay, please, please don’t tell anyone.” You tilt your head. “Rey, what did you do?” “Nothing! You see this morning Finn came up to me and…” She trailed off. “And…?” “Finn asked me out to the movies this morning and I said. I’m freaking out right now. I don’t know what to do! I mean I like him too but I’m afraid I’m going to mess this up and-” You cut her off. “Wait, wait. Did I hear this right? You said Finn asked you out? You like him too? How long was this going on?” “A couple of years. I only kept it to myself. (Name), I need you to go with us.” “Rey, I would love too, but I don’t want to be the awkward third wheel.” You took a sip of your water. “Bring Ben! It can be a double date. I think Finn wouldn’t mind either. I think he’s nervous too.” You began tapping your fingers on the table. “I don’t know-” “Please, Please (name)! For me? It’ll be fun! We’ll go out to dinner afterwards!” Rey begged. You sighed. “Fine. me and Ben we’ll go with you. You owe me.” Rey hugged you. “Thank you! Thank you!” ------------------------------------------------------------ You hear the people murmur in line and smell the popcorn. To your right, you can see posters for upcoming movies coming out next year or within the next couple of months. To you left, there was an arcade filled with screaming children. “So, you guys excited to see that new Star Trek film?” You broke the awkward silence. “Yeah.” Finn said really fast. “Yep.” Rey turn to Finn and smiled. Finn smiled back at her. After getting your food, you were standing outside of theater 6. “Okay, how about Rey and Finn sit a couple of rows in front of us?” You turn to Rey and saw her eyes got really big. “That sounds like a good idea,” Ben said. “I’ll go find us seats babe.” “Okay,” you smiled. Finn and Ben went inside the theater. You followed behind Ben, but you were stop by Rey. “What?” “Are you crazy? I told you I can’t do this! What if I screw up?” Rey said. You roll your eyes. “Rey, you’ll be fine. Now go, Finn must be waiting for you.” You open the door for her. You found Ben and sat down next to him. Finn and Rey were five rows in front of you. The trailers started to play and the room got a little dark. “Do you think they’ll be fine?” Ben whispered in your ear. “Yeah,” You whispered back. “They’ll be fine.” You stuff popcorn in your mouth. “Remember our first Movie date?” Ben started to rub your thigh. You giggled and kissed his nose. “Not in front of the kids.” He moved his hand to your stomach. He kissed your cheek. “Sorry.” ---- Half way through the movie, you decided to check on Finn and Rey. You notice Finn had an arm around her and she was resting on his shoulder. You smiled and went back to the film. Notes: Sorry if this was so short! I apologize I’m very busy this afternoon. Thank you for reading! Chapter 12 : It's time Summary: guess who arrives in this story :D Notes: I know, I know I promise different chapters but they didn’t work out as I thought they would. Also, I got so many requests from you guys! (from tumblr) (thank you btw) I don’t which ones to pick for this story! So, I’m saving them for the prequel chapters. Enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Ben, I really don’t need Rey and Finn to come over. I told you a million times I’m fine.” You threw your hands up in the air. Your babies are due any day now. Last night, you thought it was time. It ended being another false alarm. You and Ben are suppose to be off work for this moment but Ben was called in today. “I’m sorry, but I can’t leave you alone for the next couple of days. Rey and Finn are good babysitters.” Ben said. He was running around the house trying to find his shoes. You rolled your eyes. “Well, I don’t need babysitters.” You sat down on the couch and turned the TV on. You heard the doorbell and tried to get up. Ben ran to the door. “I got it babe.” When he closed the front door, you could see Finn and Rey walk into the living room holding hands. “Hey guys.” you smiled. “Thank you for coming. If anything goes wrong call me,” Ben walked over and gave you a kiss on the cheek. “I’m hoping to leave work around 7 or 8 tonight. I’ll bring home dinner.” He gave you another kiss on the cheek and ran out of the door. “Must be in a hurry, huh?” Rey asked. She walked over and sat down next to you. “Yeah,” You rubbed your belly. “He’s nervous leaving the house these days. He thinks it’s anytime now, but I’m not due until next week.” “It can happen,” Finn brought out the plate of cookies a nurse from work made for you. “I heard last night was going to be it.” “Yeah, but it was another false alarm.” You sighed. You and Ben are eager to meet your children. “How about a movie? Will that cheer you up?” Rey suggested. You shook your head yes. “Yeah. That sounds fun.” “Do you still have Space Jam? Can we please watch that? Please, please, please.” Finn begged. You laughed. “Of course.” --------------------------------- After the movie, Rey wanted to see the flowers Phasma gave you at the baby shower. You told her they were up in the nursery. You turn to Finn. “Can I get another glass of water?” He smiled. “Sure. I’ll be back.” He got up and made his way into the kitchen. Out of blue, pain came instantly, it almost random. You grunted because it was one of those contractions you’ve been getting the past couple days. You felt a kick, sharper than usual. “Woah.” You place both hands on your stomach. Another sharp kick, and another, and another… You felt something wet between your legs. You knew what was up. “Hey!” Finn handed you the glass. He notice something different about you. “You okay?” “It’s time.” You whispered. “What? I couldn’t hear you.” “It’s time!” You cried out in pain. Finn eyes widened. “REY! GET DOWN HERE QUICK!” You could hear Rey run down the stairs. “What? Is everything okay?” She breathed. Finn helped you up from the couch. “(name) is in labor. It’s time. We have to get to the hospital.” Rey gather all your stuff that you packed for the hospital. All of you made it to the Rey’s car. Finn said he would sit in the back with you. Once on the road, Rey called Poe. She decided to put him on speaker. “Poe, Poe, Poe. Are you at the hospital today?” “Yeah, why?” He said on the other line. “(name) went in labor a couple of minutes ago.” You could hear what sounded like papers falling. “What? Okay, I’ll get her room ready.” He hung up. After a few minutes, you were at the hospital. The nurses helped you in the wheelchair and rushed you to your room. They also helped you change clothes. After they all left, it was you, Rey, and Finn. “Fuck this hurts.” You cried out, reaching for Rey who took your hand. Hux and Phasma rushed into the room. “Hey, Finn called us. We called yours and Ben’s parents. They’ll be here soon. Also, Luke is on his way up.” Hux said. “Wait, Luke is here? In the hospital? On his way?” Luke said he was leaving town for a month. Phasma pushed Hux out of the way. “Well, if Hux didn’t spoil it, Luke made arrangements and decided to stay in town for your birth. He’ll be here in like seconds.” You heard someone walk in the room. It was Ben’s uncle, Luke Skywalker. “I think everyone should go to the waiting room. Give the girl some room. Ben will be here very soon.” After everyone wished you good luck, it was just you and Luke. “Surprise.” He smiled. He walked over and gave you a hug. You hugged him back. When he pulled away you said, “I thought you had to leave town. I thought you had to give a speech or something” He shrugged his shoulders. “You know I can’t miss this moment.” You smiled. “Does Ben know I’m here?” “Oh yeah, He’s on his-” “(name)?” Ben rushed to your side. “Way,” Luke finished. “I should leave you two be,” Luke kissed you on the forehead. “Good luck sweetheart. I’ll be by the door so no one can get in except for Poe.” He place a hand on Ben’s shoulder and nodded. Ben nodded back and drew his attention back to you. After luke left, Ben kissed you on the lips. He pulled away and looked at you in the eyes. “Are you okay?” “No,” you said, angry. “Ben, I’m having contractions.” “Oh, I’m sorry.” he kissed your hands. Poe and a couple of nurses walked in. “Hey, (name), I’m finally here. Nurse Jyn, give Mrs. Solo her numbing medicine.” The numbing medicine decreased your pain. Looking over at Ben, you smiled and held his hand. Poe decided to check on you. “Oh! That babies are coming right now. (name) your going have to start pushing.” ~Skipping over a little bit because I think no one wants to hear about childbirth~ The pain was too much to handle until you heard a sweet cry. Ben was staring at awe at the baby, and Poe handed the baby to nurse Jyn to clean it up. Was it a boy or was it a girl? Ben laid his forehead on yours. “It’s a girl.” You began to feel tears down your cheek. “Melody.” Your happiness was cut short when you felt the pain again. ~SKIPPING~ Luke winced at your screams. He decided to go to the waiting room. Once he was there, everyone jumped up from there seats. They all ran to him with a millions questions. What were the gender of the babies? Is (name) okay? Are the babies okay? “(name) is okay. I heard a baby crying,” He stopped and smiled at everyone cheering. “But, she’s still pushing the second baby out.” “So, we’re going have to wait a little longer?” You mother asked. “I think so.” Luke told her. ~MORE SKIPPING~ Finn was slouching on the chair. “It’s been an hour! What’s taking so long?” “You try pushing a baby out,” Leia said. “It’s not fun.” “How would you know?” Finn asked. “Because I went through it!” While Finn and Leia were bickering, Poe walked into the waiting room taking off his gloves. Everyone got up from their seats and rushed towards his direction. He smiled at everyone. “They’re both girls!” He shouted with joy. Everyone jumped up and down or hugged each other. Meanwhile, You and Ben were holding your daughters. Ben was holding Melody and you were holding Lily. “They’re beautiful.” Ben noted while looking at Melody. “I know,” You kissed Lily's forehead. “Hi, Lily, I’m your mommy.” Everyone from the waiting room came in and awed over your babies. Nurses, and Doctors you work with also came in to congratulate you. “They’re so cute!” Rey cooed. “I knew they were girls! Hey, Poe, Remember you owe me 5 bucks!” Poe laughed. Leia was holding Melody. “Hi, Melody, I’m your grandmother.” Han place a hand on Ben’s shoulder. “Congrats Crylo.” “Dad…” “What? Ben, We can perform concerts for the little ones!” Phasma cheered. “Oh god, Does that mean I have to wear that awful outfit again?” Hux groaned. Visitor hours came to an end. It was only you, Ben, Lily, and Melody. Ben was sitting in the chair holding Lily. “I’ve waited so long to meet you.” Two Nurses came in and said that the babies needed to sleep. Which was a good idea because you and Ben wanted to sleep too. After the Nurses left with your babies, Ben walked to the side of the bed and kissed you. It was weird because somehow this kiss reminded you of your first kiss with Ben. He pressed his forehead against yours. “I’m so proud of you.” You press your lips against his. “Do you know how much I love you?” “A lot?” He smiled. You giggled. “Yes.” Notes: You babies are here! Yea! Omg, one more chapter and were done with this story? What? I might upload it tonight for the hell of it. :) Thank you for reading! Chapter 13 : Epilogue Summary: This takes place two years after you give birth to your daughters. Notes: *cries because it’s the last chapter* (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Two years later... “Happy Birthday!” Everyone cheered. Ben was helping Lilly and Melody, who turned 2 today, blowing out their candles. The girls were digging their hands in the cake, getting frosting everywhere. “You know what, I’m sticking to the cupcakes.” Finn said. You can hear Rey giggle. A few days after coming home from the hospital, you asked Finn and Rey to the be the godparents. Of course they said yes. A few weeks ago, Rey asked you and Phasma to be her bridesmaids. She wanted Melody and Lily to be her flower girls. You wanted to have the girl’s birthday party near the lake. So, you and Ben invited the gang and the grandparents to the lodge that was near the lake. “Cannon ball!” Finn shouted as he jumped in the pool. “Hey! Be careful! Don’t get me wet!” You giggled. You were sitting on the lounge chairs. Leia sat down in the chair next to you. “Those girls are getting bigger every day.” She noted. “Yeah. It felt like yesterday they were born.” You smiled. “Honey, when was the last time you and Ben were alone together?” She asked. “Oh, god, I don’t remember.” You laughed it off. Leia smiled. “Me and Han can spend time with the girls tomorrow. We can take them to the Zoo or something while you and Ben have some alone time together.” “Really? That would be nice!” You turn your head to see that Ben was playing with Han’s puppy, Chewie. You were sitting on the couch watching TV when you heard Ben walking into the room. You saw that he was still wet from swimming. “Hey, My mom and dad said The girls can spend the night with them. They’re watching Frozen.” “Frozen? Well, good luck to them.” You laughed. Ben sat down next to you. He began kissing you along your jawline down to you neck. The two of you were in the bed after a romantic shower together. You didn’t even get dressed. You dragged Ben, who was still wearing a towel, to bed which he didn’t mind at all. The room was dark and quiet. Just like the way you two like it. You were tracing patterns on his chest. He was talking about how beautiful and a wonderful person you are. You smiled and kissed your husband’s cheek. Ben turned to you with a wide smile. “I love you so much (name).” "I love you too Ben." Notes: AHHHH! It’s done! What?! I’m doing an authors note either tonight or tomorrow just to thank you guys sooooo much for reading this. Chapter 14 : A/N First off, Thank you so much for following this story. That fact that so many people read this is crazy to me. Hell, the first part of this story has 88 notes and it STILL amazes me to this day. Second, I read all your kind messages. THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU. I enjoy reading and responding to all your messages. Sometimes, I cry reading them because they mean so much to me. Third, I loved all of your requests ( from Tumblr )! I really tried to put them in the story. If you sent a request a long time ago ( On tumblr ) but it wasn’t in this story: I apologize I’m going to put that request in the prequel! Which leads to number four, I am going to to continue the prequel chapters I’ll either start this Monday or either this weekend. You can send in requests for that story now! Also, I need help figuring out a title for that story. You can send me ideas if you want too. :) Fifth, I will be fixing the grammar errors in this story. I don’t want to leave it with awkward sentences in it, lol. Not gonna lie, I got sad writing the last chapter of this story. I’m so sad it’s ending! I enjoy writing and reading ( yes I did read this lol ). I could see myself as the reader insert. So, thank you, thank you, and thank you for reading this and leaving so many kind messages. I love all of you <3 <3 <3 Notes: I hoped you enjoy!