Prologue: Ben Berlin, Autumn 1931 The air wasn’t any colder than usual—in fact, he’d experienced worse. There were plenty of colder nights when he lived further northeast, and the countless nights he’d spent without adequate winter gear in the trenches in what felt like a lifetime ago. The wool coat he hugged around himself now was a little moth-eaten in places, a little threadbare in others, but it was good enough. It wasn’t even winter yet. This was nothing. That didn’t stop Ben from hunching over some as a cool breeze blew crinkly leaves across his path. For a moment, he questioned why he was going out of his way to do this. The part of Tiergarten he needed to get to wasn’t that far away—really, it could have been much worse. The weather just wasn’t amenable, and he was already exhausted from a long day at work. In any other circumstance, he would’ve attempted this mention at some other point. But what choice did he have? When he had come home that evening, fingertips stained black from typewriter ink, a little more dishevelled in his exhaustion than he preferred, all he’d wanted was a warm, hearty meal. Maybe a stew, with potatoes, other root vegetables, savoury chunks of meat. Ben knew that was asking for too much. If the hyperinflation from about ten years ago was bad, this depression now was worse. He was just glad that he still had a job, and as a result still had an income. Honestly, he wasn’t even sure how he’d managed to hold onto it. Governmental stipends from his service in the war had helped him cover the expenses of the one-room apartment he shared with his sister for the longest time, but it wasn’t going quite as far anymore. The flat wasn’t much—just enough space for the two single-sized beds, an armoire, a table and two chairs by a window, a gas stove. The essentials. There was a communal bathroom at the end of the hall and when they were lucky, the radiator heater worked during the winter. It wasn’t much, but Ben was usually only there just to sleep. He didn’t need much else, as long as Rey had everything she needed. And that was exactly the problem. He’d come home, exhausted, and hungry, but so had Rey. Dinner had been a cabbage stew of mostly water and a slice of the remainder of their bread split between them. He tricked himself into believing that the stew was actually filling. Before he even touched his piece of bread, his sister’s was gone. He recognised the expression on her face. He hadn’t just seen it on her before, but on the comrades of his past, on POWs, on the faces of people on the street. Hunger. Wordlessly, Ben had given his piece of bread to Rey. She’d been grateful for it, but Ben knew it wasn’t going to be enough. It never was. If he could, he would’ve brought home all sorts of meats, cheeses, and vegetables for her. Ben would’ve done anything for her. But right now? He couldn’t even afford another lousy loaf of bread. Watching Rey sleep fitfully from hunger pangs was enough for Ben to make the decision he’d made to bring himself here. To a certain part of Tiergarten he didn’t dare go to during the day out of fear of retribution. Schwuler Weg . The gay path. What he intended to do was illegal, but he’d heard rumours about this place for years. He could meet someone here, make some extra cash, and when he was so strapped right now, that would go along way. It was a clear sign of desperation, because he never would’ve considered this if he had any other option. Hell, he would’ve been better off trying to do this ten years ago last time there were severe economic woes. At least then he would’ve been young enough that succeeding would’ve been much easier—Ben had heard all about the wealthy tourists and older men who were willing to spend excessive amounts of money on their ‘boyfriends.’ Ben had had a friend of sorts who’d practically gotten an entire new wardrobe, spending money, and a vacation to the North Sea out of being in a short-term ‘relationship’ with some guy who had too much cash to spare. While that might have been convenient, the idea just never sat right with Ben. Maybe he should have developed a different opinion back then. He probably would have profited a lot back then, as a former soldier in his early twenties. But a thirty-one year old journalist who was struggling to put food on the table? He was a bit too old, a bit too washed up and desperate to attract the clientele who would be willing to throw a bunch of money at him. Of course, he doubted anyone would be inclined to do so anyway, considering more and more people became in positions similar to his every day. But it was worth a shot. As Ben walked down a poorly lit path, he saw the silhouettes of other people. Other men—he presumed. Some of them were alone, some clustered together in groups of two or more. The faint sounds he heard in the distance were more than revealing and confirmed he was in right place. But what was he supposed to do? Keep walking? Just stand somewhere? It would’ve been easier if he was looking simply for the sake of getting off. But all that mattered at the moment was getting some extra cash, and right now he didn’t care what he had to do to get it. Ben didn’t have to wander around quite as long as he thought he would. Wordlessly another man came up close beside him and easily kept up with his pace. Ben didn’t glance over at him, but he felt his coat brush against the other man’s as they walked. He could’ve stopped walking, but he didn’t, and the other man didn’t seem to mind. Moments of silence remained between them before the stranger finally spoke. “Are you here for work or pleasure?” That wasn’t the wording Ben expected—then again, he really didn’t know what to expect at all. “Work.” He kept his voice low, in effort to prevent anyone else from overhearing them. No one seemed to be close enough, but nothing about this place was legal. When they got to a more shaded area, the other man stopped, and this was when Ben finally turned to look at him. Darkness made his features indistinguishable, but he seemed like he was more or less at Ben’s height. Maybe a little shorter. Ultimately, what he looked like didn’t matter, Ben decided. After all, he was just here to make money—and obviously this man wanted something from him, too, all under the blanket of anonymity. “What’s your name?” Okay, so maybe not quite so anonymous. Ben was thrown off at the question, but he answered almost immediately. “Kylo.” The response was met with snort that Ben could only describe as derisive. “You can’t actually expect me to give you my real name.” The other man shrugged and leaned against the trunk of a nearby tree. It made it harder to see the him like that, but it was for the best. Because Ben certainly didn’t want other people to see them. When the man spoke again, there was a faint trace of condescension. “Fine. Kylo . Have you ever done this before?” Ben wasn’t sure if he meant being here, or doing things with another man. Instead of asking for clarification, let sarcasm bleed into his voice. “I know my way around a cock.” The answer must have been satisfactory, because the other man responded by unbuckling his trousers. As he unbuttoned and unzipped his pants, he spoke. “That may be the case, but I’m not going to take your word for it. This time, you will only use your hand. The payment you’ll receive will be commensurate to your skill.” That didn’t sound like a bad offer. Ben was perfectly fine only giving this guy a handjob, and out of all of the things he could do with a random person, this was probably the safest. There was also the potential of another time . Ben hadn’t decided whether he would want or need that, but it was promising. “Then I hope you’re ready for a damn good handjob.” Ben took over from here. He stepped closer and slipped one of his hands beneath the other man’s underwear. His dick was only partially hard, but despite that, Ben couldn’t complain about its size or girth. He should’ve been keeping his mind completely focused on what he was doing, but curiosity got the best of him. Why was this man here? Who was he? Was he like Ben, and for all intents and purposes single and unable to have the sort of relationship he wanted? Was this just something on the side, and he really had a wife and kids at home? He mentally chastised himself. That didn’t matter. Only doing a good job did. He forced himself to focus entirely on the dick that his fingers were wrapped around. He moved his hand a repetitive motion, ran his thumb across the tip. For every twitch of the muscle in his hand, for every raspy groan the other man made, Ren decided it was indicative that he was doing a good job. He hoped so, at least. Because getting these sorts of reactions from the other man was certainly affecting him more than he anticipated. Ben wasn’t sure how long it took the man to get off, but when he did, he had the foresight to cup his hand in effort to keep the man’s pants from getting messy. It wasn’t an action he thought through very well, and when he wiped his hand off on the tree trunk, it was far from being effective. He didn’t say anything for a few moments afterward, and neither did the man. It took him a moment to get the nerve to ask, and it was only after he tried studying him in the dark for a few more moments that he spoke up. “How was it?” The other man tilted his head at him while fishing for Reichsmark in his pocket. “Adequate.” He offered no other feedback and after pushing wad of bills into Ben’s hand, he finished straightening his clothing and walked off into the darkness without another glance. Ben would’ve been offended by the comment, but he’d just been given much more money than he anticipated. It was too dark to under the tree to see how much it was exactly, but he knew it was enough to suit his purposes now. Sunrise was still a few hours away, especially this time of year. But by the time he made it to a few blocks away from his apartment building, it was late enough that the nearby bakery was already open and baking bread. It was a quick detour to stop there, and once he got to his building, it was six flights up to the flat. Ben entered quietly, set a small bundle down on the table before letting himself drop face-first into his bed to sleep for the remaining couple hours he had before going to work, leaving Rey staring at the table in confusion when she woke up to find two loaves of bread on the table. Notes: This chapter and the next will probably fairly short—they’re basically a prologue from different perspectives. If you have any questions or comments, feel free to get touch with me here or on tumblr @das-backpfeifengesicht.