Like Birds on Fire This was not his bed. That was the first thought that twined it way through the emptiness when the first stirrings of consciousness returned to him. The next was the reflexive checklist that had been drilled into him as soon as he was old enough to attend the Academy—and old enough to be forced into unconsciousness one way or another. Who are you? Elan Hux, General of the First Order. Are you injured? All limbs seem to be intact. No sign of physical injury. Fogginess of thoughts indicative of forced unconsciousness, possibly drugged. Center of gravity…off somehow. Where are you? Unsure. His eyes flicked open. Ren. The first object his eyes registered was Kylo Ren, First Knight and Master of the Knights of Ren. The second was the familiar layout of what he could see of the room. Interrogation chamber. Why the interrogation ch- His movements were immediately halted by the realization that the feeling of being off-balance was from the fact that he was strapped into the device situated at the small room’s center. That was a very concerning situation, but perhaps not entirely surprising due to his recent…monumental failure. He didn’t waste time wondering why he was here or why Ren was also; it was disgustingly obvious. How many times had he witnessed prisoners being dragged to this very space, watched Ren take them apart where others had failed? Having been trained in the same way all officers were, it seemed Snoke wasn’t going to waste time working on Hux from the outside. “You don’t seem shocked, General,” he heard, the words cutting through the silence that had only previously been accompanied by the low hum of the Finalizer in a way that made his gaze return to the other. He only blinked once, refusing further physical reaction to the modulated voice. “I am not,” he confirmed, shifting slightly in the uncomfortable metal. It seemed his response or the movement amused Ren, as a huff of breath sounded through the mask. Hadn’t his been left behind on Starkiller? Where did he get a new o— His captor moved forward, causing a slight alarm to run through Hux. He wasn’t afraid of Ren, not really, it was the power he irresponsibly wielded. Hux knew he had Force sensitivity equating to zero, and he prided himself in being able to decipher anything. The unfamiliarity and mystery of the ways of the Knights and Snoke himself was what provided that uncertainty. The man stopped a good few feet away, becoming motionless once more. “You know what I’m going to do.” “Yes.” But what does Snoke want you to find..? “You have been charged with treason.” Kylo informed him. “Unsurprising.” Still hurtful, though. He had given everything to the betterment of the Order. He had been liked, even, by his subordinates, by the rest of the Order. Maybe some would see through the lie, even though none would dare speak out. “I will break you,” Ren continued, moving forward a few more steps, “Then you will be made an example of why failure is not an option.” Public execution... Somehow Hux had always suspected that was how he would die. He had hoped to achieve more before it happened, but a General was always replaceable. He remained silent, only wondering briefly if this torture was going to be recorded and televised. The knight shifted, raising a hand to level with Hux’s face. The attempted intrusion felt like it had when Ren had previously tried to peek at his thoughts; tingly, though it was focused in the space between his eyebrows now instead of the back of his neck. “Your mind is more protected than most.” Hux squinted, “Obvious.” “Unfortunate.” “For you? Or for me?” “I wonder if you are trying to distract me.” Apparently the man felt no need to continue waiting as they talked, the tingling morphing into a pressure not unlike a migraine, Hux supposed. He rolled his eyes at Ren’s words, shutting his mouth. Logically, he knew it was only a matter of time before he was worn down, but a prideful, stubborn part of him wanted to make it as long as possible. He would not bend to his fate. Ren would have to shatter him completely to gain compliance. “The thing is, General,” Ren continued, moving closer so that his mask was in close proximity with the right side of Hux’s face, though he refused to turn his head as the dark figure moved. Make him work for it. “I already know how to take you apart.” Unlikely, but possible. “With all the…quality time you and I have spent together on this ship, I know what to say and what to do to splinter you just enough to let me in,” Ren murmured, the softness amplified yet more muffled through the metal. Hux broke then, eyebrows drawing together, “I can’t take you seriously with that mask on.” There was a pause, as if the Knight had expected something but not exactly that, before he stepped back. To his credit, Hux noted, the pressure in his head lessened none. The general watched as the frankly ridiculous contraption shifted with a heavy-sounding recoil, the hiss of the pressure-release accompanying it as the helmet was lifted off. He couldn’t help the reflexive sarcasm, “You’ve looked better.” There. The sight twitch in Ren’s jaw indicated he hadn’t quite put aside his anger at being defeated by that pathetic wisp of a girl. Hux would have felt bad for him had his own failure amounted to an even greater degree. Thanks to Kylo Ren himself. Not that that matters to Snoke. Who, probably, almost certainly, was using this as an opportunity to safely rid himself of Hux. “It is of little concern.” Hux scoffed openly at that reply, but fell silent again as Ren’s attention returned fully to him after he had set the helmet down. The man’s arm raised again, and Hux felt like he might be sick, but he only gave a tight, resigned smile, “I’m ready.” The look Ren gave him was almost pitying. “We’ll see.” Two hours later the first scream echoed through the halls of the Finalizer. ~~~~~~~~~ An abrupt flinch shot through Lieutenant Mitaka’s body when the horrific noises that had reverberated through the ship reached his ears once again. How many hours had it been? He hated to admit how much it grated on him when anyone was tortured, but the General himself… It was very hard to stomach. No one on board—excluding a few outliers—felt at ease with the situation, Hux having been widely respected and admired by his soldiers and officers. There were those who sought his downfall from the beginning, of course, but that couldn’t be helped. This, though… This could be helped. Mitaka breathed in slowly, noting the expansion of his chest and feeling the air move into his body, then exhaled from his mouth in the same manner. He didn’t know what Kylo Ren had told the General about the plans for his execution, but he knew the acts on the Finalizer were an example to the crew. Failure wouldn’t be tolerated. After Ren was finished, Hux would be silently removed, eliminated, and replaced without fanfare. The Order was efficient. Generals could be replaced. A second slow breath left the man and he stood, pausing with his thumb over the comm button that would end his career forever, and possibly—most likely—his life. Pressing it, he cleared his throat when the modulated voice greeted him coolly. “I’ve made my decision. I’ll do it.” Chapter 2 : I Should Keep My Mouth Shut Summary: Looking over the still shape of Hux’s too-thin body, Mitaka wondered to himself when that had all changed. But then, he might have ever really believed it in the first place. This was not his bed either. Funny how a little thing like that was the first annoyance to flit through his mind, even after… No, no, don’t think about it- Hux rolled violently out of bed—whoever’s it was—and barely made it into the refresher before his stomach made a valiant effort of expelling the emptiness in his stomach; spit and dry-heaving being the only things produced from said efforts. It was only after, when he was resting his forehead on the rim of the toilet, that it occurred to him that it was strange that there even was such an old-modeled toilet. Was that actual water? Not that Hux hadn’t seen it before, especially having grown up on the ever-soggy Arkanis. It was that even high-ranking officers on the Finalizer were subjected to the cold bursts from sonic showers in order to conserve the resource. He pushed himself up from his knees with trembling arms and walked on legs that felt like they would collapse under him to look himself over in the small mirror nearby. Oh… He had felt every moment of Ren’s onslaught on his being, but he hadn’t known just how much physical damage it had caused in addition to the mental. And looking at himself now… Death would be a kindness. Preferable to any of his men seeing him like this. Death would be easy. Better that than continue to fight what had been done to him, what had been irreparably taken from him. Death would be a k- Another violent wave of nausea forced him to his knees faster than any blow ever had. Maybe this was the true plan, break him and then leave him like this, shoving the shards of his pride at his feet and forcing him to walk on them. Fitting… Hux didn’t even notice the tears that ran from his glazed, unseeing eyes, nor the soft hands that carded through his sweat-drenched hair half an hour later. He didn’t feel the stinging in his legs as blood rushed back through his veins as those hands helped him to his feet, nor the second set of arms that carried him back to the bed when his body failed to do so. ~~~~~ Mitaka averted his eyes from the sight of his former general’s sad form lying in the bed, but wasn’t able to truly turn away just yet. He had stood watch over Hux for the past little while after having found him shaking in the refresher. When the young man heard the scrape of the door opening, he did turn, attention finally shifting. “He hasn’t changed much,” he offered as an update, trying not to show just how worried he was show on his face, but knowing he likely failed. He focused more on how jarring it still was to see the Captain, or rather just Phasma, now, without the shiny chrome plating. “I wouldn’t hope for much improvement,” she returned, coming to join him in looking over Hux. “We’re due for entry in a little over two hours.” With that, she was gone just as abruptly as she had shown up. Mitaka thought she was just as unsure as he was of their next steps forward, but she would never reveal that. The First Order had taken too much of her already, just as it had everyone who ever believed in it. He had once believed it was for the better, nothing was more important than the wellbeing of the Order. Looking over the still shape of Hux’s too-thin body, Mitaka wondered to himself when that had all changed. But then, he might have never really believed it in the first place. ~~~~~ “I ask you once more, Kylo Ren, to not disappoint me… And once again, am I disappointed,” the rumbling voice of the hologram depicting the emaciated form of Supreme Leader Snoke sighed as Kylo Ren looked on. The hologram’s arms lifted and folded, flickering ends of robes falling to hide them. “The General was to be removed, not given the opportunity for salvation…” Kylo began a half-step forwards, “Supreme Leader, I w-” “Be silent!” Snoke reprimanded, his form glaring down at Ren. “You will do nothing but what you are directed to do.” “Yes, Supreme Leader,” Ren gritted out, seething internally even more so at those who had caused him even further humiliation at this time. He would plan later, when the threat of Snoke sensing his mind’s workings was not prevalent. “You will leave the Finalizer and come to me,” Snoke commanded, his form beginning to turn away in dismissal. “It is time you truly embrace the dark side of the force.” The Knight huffed a breath as the hologram went out, throwing the room in shade once more. It had been long past time in his opinion. Snoke’s goals were becoming further and further out of sync with his, and he had wondered when the opportunity for change would come. It seemed that time was here, and he would not allow it to slip away from him as first the girl and then the general had done. He moved away from the platform, slipping out of the chamber and back into the bright halls of the Finalizer . He ignored any he happened upon on his way to his designated rooms on board, more important things were at hand than eliciting fear from subordinates. Only when the metal door closed fully with a soft click did he remove his helmet and cloak. Entering the side room he used for meditation, he fell easily into his seated position and closed his eyes. As his breathing evened out, his awareness receded. The Force would guide him as he planned. It was time, as Snoke said. Time for change. Chapter 3 : Have I No Harvest But a Thorn...? Summary: Hux takes a step forwards. Kylo takes a step back. Notes: Chapter title taken from the poem "The Collar" by George Herbert. He walked in the morning and evening, and found shade during the midday heat. For three days he marched blindly, the heat and darkness of the planet marring the landscape in to an indistinct blur. On the fourth day he found an old shrine, which was home to a number of small creatures that scuttled further into the cracks when he leant against is stone surface. This find renewed Kylo's determination, and he set out again. For another five days he marched across the craggy ground, following the heady call of the Dark as it led him closer to his destination. There was no time for thirst, for hunger. His only companion being the hollow drone of some distant mechanism, the master of the Knights of Ren turned his focus inward. The stolen information he possessed did not pave a clear pathway, nor solidify the extent of his quest, but he would not be swayed. Somehow, he knew. Grandfather... Your guidance has led me this far... Assist me once more... As he sank back into silence and meditation, the blazing inferno of the planet itself seemed to ooze, seeping into the living and nonliving inhabitants alike. Ash filled the air, coating every available surface. Underground the heat only increased, rising and rising as it packed the stone tighter, attempting to melt the flesh from any who ventured downwards. But when faced with obstacles such as these, there are those who will adapt and endure. Some such creatures, armor-skinned, carved tunnels through that very stone in the planet's crust, leagues under Kylo Ren's feet. He had no concern for these Mustafarians, though, and ignored any sign or sound of their presence as he unrelentingly trudged along. He had already accidentally singed the heel of his left boot when a crumble of rock gave way underfoot. The fear had risen inside him like a sadistic viper that fed on his uncertainty. For nothing was certain now, but there was no way to return to what had been. There was only the force. He was a part of it. It flowed through him, it led him, it would guide him as it had his forefathers before him. I'm close, Grandfather. I can sense it... ~~~~~~ The General... well, former General, Mitaka supposed now, wasn't looking better. Maybe someone less involved with Hux wouldn't have said that, but the young man was empathetic enough to pick up on the aborted movements, lack of posture, unseeing gazes... the list went on and on. Hux could pass as normal and functioning in a crowd, but he was a broken man, broken man. It made Mitaka wonder just what had happened, just what Kylo Ren had done to him. And perhaps... if Ren had been something to Hux. That thought in particular made his face hot with shame for thinking such things in the aftermath of torture and the loss of everything Hux had known and held dear. Though, still... maybe his General had held something else dear... "Mitaka." Phasma's voice yanked him from his musings and he turned towards her from where he had stood watch at the doorway. He said nothing, watching Phasma as he waited for her to speak. "There is a transport ship expected to arrive on the planet in a week," she offered. He studied her. "You plan to meet it?" "Yes," she confirmed. "We need food.. and supplies." Mitaka nodded, looking back out over what passed as a yard, where Hux sat staring over the grasses that stretched for as far as they could see. "I'll watch over him," he replied softly, knowing that Phasma was as unsure as he was now, that the words were comfort to her. She only nodded crisply back, heading inside the house to prepare. Mitaka briefly wondered what she would need on such a long trip, but his attention was abruptly taken by Hux, who had shifted for the first time in hours. Barely there, but an unspoken allowance. He stepped off the low porch, making his way over to where the man sat listlessly and joined him in the dirt. He looked at Hux, gaze wandering over limp hair, an already too-thin frame, wan face, haunted eyes. His eyes dropped to the ground as he carefully let out a sigh so it would make no noise. The young man didn't know how long they sat there, silent, until a touch against his hand made him startle, discovering it to be Hux's hand, resting atop his own. The other man was otherwise unchanged in posture. He stared for a moment, then looked back out over the grassland. They would make it here. They would make it.