It had been almost one month on the Finalizer. Arguably one of the most peaceful months the General of the First Order had had in the longest time. Scarcely any damage had been done to consoles and there was far less noise around the vessel. Hux felt considerably more relaxed than usual, despite his work load still being heavy. Kylo Ren's lack of presence was almost treated as a vacation for Hux. No more of his antics and childish behaviour until he would return. Unfortunately, it would not last. Later into the day the Knight's shuttle returned from its venture after a seemingly successful mission. The majority of troopers that left a month ago had returned, which caused Hux a sigh of relief. Not that it mattered terribly if they lost too many Stormtroopers. The group had just returned from a revolting planet, by fact not just the General's opinion, therefore Hux was sceptical about being near any of them. Especially Kylo Ren. Hux strode toward the shuttle, his posture perfectly straight and face showing no emotion. He grimaced as the small group of troopers lead out, leaving Kylo to walk out afterwards, his helmet secured in place. Immediately Hux rolled his eyes as he moved to where Kylo stood. "Ren," Hux sneered, clutching his datapad to his chest. "General. How was life without me aboard the Finalizer? Must have been a bore," Kylo smirked behind the mask on his head, his distorted voice crackling slightly. "Oh it was awful, just terrible," Hux replied, his voice laced with sarcasm. Kylo chuckled at the comment, then proceeded to give the General his debrief of the progress on their mission. While the Knight spoke, Hux tapped diligently against his datapad, recording any important information he heard. Once they were finished, Kylo nodded his farewell to Hux and walked past him to get to his private quarters. Hux took a step back as Kylo moved past him, not wanting to get any closer than he already had. He sighed and made his way back to his own quarters to finish some important paperwork. It was already getting late, which didn't mean much to Hux considering his vast lack of sleep. Hux shut his door behind him, running a hand through his bright, ginger hair. He moved and took a seat at his desk, placed conveniently on the opposite side of his room near his bed. Once before had Hux wondered if having a desk in his room was the best of ideas, then waved the idea away. Work was important, a top priority for the General. Hours passed by and Hux felt his eyelids slowly fall down. He hated days when this would happen, when sleep would threaten to get the best of him. Still sat at his desk and finishing his work, Hux made the decision to actually get some rest. It was an important thing to have, he just felt it was a waste of precious time. Laying his head back against his soft pillow, his eyes almost immediately closed, as he drifted into a light sleep. Six hours or so passed and Hux woke up from his sleep, his head ringing and aching. The muscles in his body felt weak. His throat was dry and felt disgusting. Hux cursed under his breath, attempting to build up the courage to get up. After moments of just trying to lift his body up, Hux managed to get up. He then moved on to have a shower, then get dressed, trying to make himself look as presentable as possible in the state he was in. Walking towards the bridge was not as easy as it had been the previous day. Hux was pale, more so than usual, and generally looked very sick. He ignored the looks troopers gave him as he made his way onto the bridge, sighing and trying to keep his eyes open. "Excuse me, sir?" Hux felt a tap on his shoulder. He turned around to find Lieutenant Mitaka standing there. "Yes Lieutenant?" Hux replied, his voice very slightly croaking. Mitaka looked at him with slight worry in his face, then looked down at his datapad. "I have completed the papers assigned to me a few days ago and I have sent you information on the next mission departure, which will not be for a few months." Hux suppressed his groan. Great, a few months with Ren still on the ship. "Alright, thank you, Lieutenant." "Sir, if I may ask. Are you feeling ok? You seem a little under the weather." "I'm fine, do not worry about me," Hux replied. Mitaka nodded and left, seeing Kylo approach and move near to Hux. "You don't seem fine, General, you look awful," Kylo said, smirking under his helmet. "Ren, I assure you I am perfectly fine," Hux sneered, one eye twitching slightly at the annoyance the Knight caused him. "What do you want?" "I came over to see you, General. You looked unwell, I felt it. I was concerned," Kylo retorted, receiving a glare from Hux. The ginger haired man had no idea why Ren was concerned for his health, he was certain he didn't have a single care in the world for Hux. He definitely did have a care for irritating him, however. "Really, you were concerned about me?" Hux said, rolling his eyes like before. He wasn't about to let this get the best of him and bother him all day. "Yes I was, can't have the General of the Order sick on the job," Kylo replied while looking around the bridge, then returning his gaze to Hux. "Perhaps I should escort you to your room, you need rest." "You will do no such thing, I don't need to rest. The First Order requires me to be doing my job, Ren," Hux felt his body tense. He did need to rest, yes, but he loathed leaving his work. It wasn't helpful in the slightest and caused even more stress on his shoulders. "I don't care, working in the condition you're in is not helping you. Come on," Kylo said, his voice slightly more furious than before as he began to take a step around Hux towards the entrance to the bridge. "Ren, for the last time, I refuse to go back to my-" the General was cut off by Kylo grabbing him by the arm and tugging him out into the hallway. Hux attempted to retrieve his arm from the Knight's firm grasp, but to no avail. He would look considerably more ridiculous if he tried any further. As they walked through the dark corridors of the Finalizer, Hux felt himself become more impatient with Kylo. He would not let his anger lead to violence. Not yet anyway. Once they reached the General's door, Kylo opened it and pulled Hux inside, promptly closing the door behind them. Hux yanked his arm back, moving his other free hand along where Kylo's enormous hand had bruised it. Hux sat down on his bed, eyes not leaving Ren who stayed stood by the door. He spoke up, disliking the strange silence between them. "Great, I'm here now. Why don't you leave?" Hux took his boots off and lay them precisely beside each other by his bed. "Don't play with me, Hux. When I leave, you're going to sit at your desk and work. I may as well destroy that thing right now," Kylo motioned before snaking his hands up to the sides of his helmet and lifting off the metal piece from his head, revealing his pale face and raven long hair which fell just before his broad shoulders. He placed it on the desk. "You know, you're not the only one aboard this ship that got sick. There are plenty of officers and troopers who seemed to have caught something." Then, Hux remembered. He realised what had happened. He felt stupid for not figuring it out sooner. Fucking Kylo Ren. He had brought back something from that god awful planet, the idiot. Hux was boiling up inside, clenching his fists by his sides. He stood up and walked to Kylo. "Ren, I'm not surprised you would do such a thing like this. Honestly, it seems just the sort of thing you would do to me. Making me sick? Bringing back some kind of revolting bacteria? Typical." Kylo laughed at the comment. This caused Hux to widen his eyes, glare at Ren and throw his fist towards Kylo's cheek, only to be stopped inches away from his face by the Knight's hand. "I know I like to annoy you, Hux. But I wouldn't do anything like this on purpose," Kylo said loosening his grip on Hux's hand, which had now relaxed. Hux turned away from Kylo, his cheeks a light shade of red, like blossom. "Get out, Ren. I'll sleep, okay? Just go," Hux spoke, his voice now almost upset and tired. He just wanted to be alone now, so he could sleep and rest his eyes. Kylo nodded, taken aback by Hux's abruptness. He picked his helmet up, slipped it back onto his head, then turned and left. Hux sighed and undressed , putting on a pair of grey shorts and a t-shirt. Crawling under his covers, his head sinking into the soft pillow, Hux felt strange. Not because he was under the weather, he couldn't quite put his finger on what it was. Was it the way Kylo looked when he left? Did it have anything to do with Ren at all? These questions that haunted Hux's head didn't last too long as he was knocked into an unusually deep sleep. Once again Hux woke up to the painful ringing in his head. That uneasy and sickly feeling sunk in his stomach as he stood, his surroundings becoming blurry when he attempted to move forward. He did hate Kylo for this, yes, but he hated himself. Arguably more, for being weak. Weak and vulnerable. General of the First Order and he could barely stand. He felt disgusted with himself, despite the fact that the Knight had brought this awful bacteria aboard the ship in the first place. After a few minutes of staying seated on the bed in hopes of regaining his sense of balance, Hux finally found himself able to stand up. He began to redress himself, unaware of what time it was. Glancing over at the clock resting on his wall to check, Hux saw it had already gotten late. Hux had slept for quite a few hours. He hadn't left his room for two minutes before running into Ren in the corridor outside his room. Kylo lacked his helmet, his dark hair resting softly on his broad shoulders. Hux preferred it like this. Preferred him like this. Less threatening and less aggravating. Ren was softer and more gentle. "Evening, Hux. Had a good rest?" Kylo smiled unusually. Hux felt uncomfortable, strangely however, at the same time calm. He couldn't quite see why, but he felt safe around Kylo. Currently though, Hux felt vulnerable and sensitive. Never had this happened before. "Yes I did thank you, Ren," Hux replied, still very bewildered as to why he cared at all. "You're concerned about your lack of work, stop that. You required that sleep to function better," Kylo said in an oddly harsh tone. Nobody else was in the corridor besides the two. The silence filled the space and surrounded them, as if they were shielded and in their own area. "You're rummaging through my head, stop," Hux retorted, emphasising his words in order to give some impression that he wasn't as powerless as he felt. But he was powerless in the presence of the Knight. That didn't mean he was afraid. "I do not feel any better than I did previously, Ren. That sleep was a complete waste of my time." "No it wasn't, I can sense you're healing. Slowly, but still healing. Don't complain. I've sorted all your missed work out for you so you don't have to catch up on anything, makes things easier on your head I suppose." Hux wouldn't say he was speechless, but he was shocked. Shocked that Kylo did his work for him and that he put this effort in to ensure his quick journey back to full health. Although he was very grateful for Kylo's kindness, he had come to a rather bizarre conclusion. Hux found it difficult to believe it had taken him this long to actually see it. Kylo did care about him, and not just a little, no. He cared a lot. As to why, however, Hux was still blind. That wasn't the worst part of this absurd reality. The worst part still was that Hux, deep down, knew he cared for the Knight as well. "T-thank you, Kylo. I appreciate that a lot. Hopefully things will clear up soon so I can get back to my work as normal," Hux nodded his head in extra thanks. "No need to thank me, Hux. You shouldn't work anymore today, there really isn't much point. I'll take you to your quarters," Kylo offered and didn't wait for Hux to answer before taking his arm and escorting him back to his room. For once Hux wasn't angry. He let it go and decided to take a few days off, just so he had enough time to regain his composure again. "Here we are, would you like me to make you some tea? Or perhaps you'd like some food of some sort; I can make you something," Kylo once again offered his services. Didn't he have his own agenda? "You don't..." Hux stopped at the thought of tea in bed, the warmth it would provide against his aching throat. "That would actually be lovely, thank you Kylo." Hux walked slowly in, trying not to overwhelm his fragile senses too much. He took a seat on his bed and - what felt like the hundredth time - slipped carefully out of his attire. Kylo had made his way through after Hux, shutting the door quietly behind him. He roamed through to were the small kitchen area was. It wasn't anything fancy, just a small area for making drinks and possibly food. By the time Kylo switched the kettle on, Hux had just dragged his boots off his feat and placed them aside. He wore the same old grey t-shirt and black shorts, feeling ever so slightly self conscience of his bare and pale skin being exposed. Hux found his way underneath the dark sheets of his bed and covered himself. Minutes passed before Kylo walked back in holding a green mug filled with herbal tea. He placed it cautiously on Hux's bedside table. As Kylo stood up, Hux raised his voice slightly. "Hey, why don't you stay for a while? I could use the company to lift my spirits," Hux said with a smile. He sat up, leaning back against the pillow and reaching over to hold the mug in his small hands. Kylo nodded and perched on the edge of Hux's bed. "Alright, I'll stay and see that you're okay before you sleep," Kylo replied, his smile warm. "Do you need anything else?" Hux blew against the liquid inside the mug. "No thank you, Kylo," He said taking a small sip from the tea. The heat trickled down his throat, soothing the pain promptly. He sighed happily. "This is lovely." "I'm glad, it'll be good for your sore throat. Tell me Hux, what else hurts?" Kylo questioned, hoping he could help Hux further if he could. "Besides your throat. I know you have a sore head too, I can feel that." "Yes, it's particularly the pain in my head and sore throat. I also have a sight irritation in my ears," Hux loathed the feeling. "Generally my whole body is weak, it's a difficult task to stand up and walk, let alone work." "I see, in that case I believe your best course of action is to stay here for a few days, maybe a week if it comes to it. Whatever it takes to get you better sooner," Kylo said as he ran a gloved finger along the cool bedsheets. This felt strange, to both of the men. Never had they been this comfortable in each other's company, normally they'd be at each other's throats or glaring at one another from across the room. Not this. Hux wouldn't admit to Ren, or even himself, that he liked it like this. The protection that Kylo gave, that feeling of safety. As if they were protected by a shield, a force field engulfing them. It was an odd feeling, but he failed to complain. "Yes, I agree. I might try to get some rest now, I'll see you tomorrow?" Hux replied with a kind tone on his tongue. Kylo smiled and stood up, taking his leave to the door. "I can come over and check on you in the morning if you'd like." Hux considered this for a short moment before nodding. "Yes, if you don't mind that is. Don't bother if you're busy." Kylo chuckled quietly to himself, nodded and with that, he was gone. Hux's eyes were glued to the door while his mind ran back through the events that had just occurred. Having Kylo in his room without his helmet on had been quite an eye opener to Hux. He rarely saw him without the metal piece. After what had happened, Hux had thought long about the tall man's facial features. The curves of his nose and how sharp his jaw was. Quite an intriguing figure, Hux thought, someone that - if he could - he would paint in detail. Subsequently, Hux found a fondness for Kylo's eyes. His deep, brown eyes were wonderful. There was a whole other world inside those eyes, filled with terror, anger and sadness. Yet with some hope for the future. He was a fascinating man, more so than Hux believed before. Gruelling hours of sleep later and Hux woke, his body limp. It was early in the morning, which meant nothing to Hux in his current state. Well, with the exception of Kylo's possible appearance. He sat up and immediately felt the pit of hunger in his stomach. Warily, using his hands to support himself against the bed, Hux stood and carefully walked to his small kitchen area. There wasn't too much there, Hux rarely ate in his room. He barely got far at all before he felt dizzy again. Before even being able to sit down on the floor, Hux's body dragged him down as he fell beck onto the floor. He had just barely avoided any head collision to the floor which would have made the whole situation so much worse. All of a sudden, Hux felt himself being lifted off the ground and moved to his bed again. He didn't want to open his eyes, that would reveal who had helped him. Who had seen his weakness and failure. With tears threatening to run down his cheeks, Hux lifted open his eyelids to see Kylo standing there. He sighed in relief. "Hux, can you hear me?" Kylo asked, his voice ever so slightly shaking. "What were you doing in there?" "I-I was..." Hux shook his head trying to break down what had happened. "I became hungry, my stomach aches. As much as I hate it, I need to eat something. I feel as though I might faint any minute." "You should have let me know, Hux. I could have helped you, you're lucky I arrived when I did," Kylo breathed out, helping Hux get under his covers to warm him up. He then left to see if he could prepare anything in the kitchen. "Sorry, I didn't think at all. I'm not feeling myself," Hux mumbled as he lay back onto his pillow. Throughout his small body he felt cold, but didn't mention anything to Kylo. He clutched the covers close to his body, cutting off any air that threatened to enter. Kylo returned with a small and simple sandwich of some sort. Hux had standards, yes, yet at the point of dire hunger he was at, he couldn't care less what he ate. "Don't be sorry, I'm just glad you're alright. Sorry this isn't much, I'll bring something better later." Kylo motioned as he handed Hux the plate. He then stood back and moved to the door of the room once again. "I can't stay, as much as I would like to I can't. I will come back here later and check up on you, to see how things are going," Kylo stated, acknowledged by Hux with a nod of the head. Once again, Kylo was gone, his absence already creating an empty atmosphere in the room. The day had actually gone surprisingly quick, to Hux's amazement. He had spent the majority of the time sleeping, deeply. It was unusual for Hux to be this relaxed. He needed it though, he needed a break from the previous strenuous environment. It had already become late when Kylo entered Hux's room again, carrying in his large arms some sort of bowl containing hot food inside. The smell of meat filled the room in no time and Hux's stomach called for the meal Ren had kindly brought him. "Sit up, I brought more acceptable food," Kylo said with a quiet chuckle to himself. Hux smiled at this and took the bowl from Kylo, placing it on the sheet covering his lap. "Thank you, Ren," Hux replied, not really knowing what else to say before he began eating his food. Eating as gracefully as he could, he didn't notice the Knight remove his shoes and move to lay back on the bed next to him. At this point in time, he shrugged the action off and returned his attention to the food in front of him. "Sorry, do you mind me laying here for a moment?" Kylo asked, politely. "Not at all, you can stay there, I don't mind," Hux had already finished the portion brought to him and placed the bowl on his bedside table. He then proceeded to lay back and crawl under the covers, relaxing his head onto the pillow. Completely forgetting everything around him and loosing himself in a dreamy state, Hux was once again thrown into sleep, with Kylo still laying on the other side of the bed. When Hux woke six or so hours later, in the moment he woke, he realised something. Something that he would find incredibly difficult to admit to himself or anyone else for that matter. When he woke up, he found an arm lazily hooked around his slim figure and his body close, touching, the other man's. His back was pressed against Kylo's chest; their shared warmth felt good. He didn't hate Kylo Ren. Not at all. Hux found himself growing a strong attachment to Kylo, more than a friendship attachment. He thought that when he found Kylo this close to him, it was strategic. That he did it to keep Hux warm. Following this brief thought, he then considered if Kylo was fond of Hux in that way. It was far too early to be thinking in any depth about the topic. Hux didn't move though, he stayed in the Knight's arms. Feeling protected. Warm. He warily moved his body closer, requiring the touch. Without intention, Hux drifted off into a light sleep. Kylo was gone when he woke again, bringing a cold force to Hux's body. He felt the cold now more than ever before with Kylo gone. Why did he feel like this? He was General of the First Order, he wasn't supposed to grow any attachments to anyone, especially Kylo Ren. But he had, and he had fallen hard. Days passed until Kylo visited again. Hux had wondered why he hadn't shown up before, was it shame perhaps? He had no reason to feel any such thing. Hux felt that the next time he saw Kylo, he would confront everything. "Evening Hux, how are you feeling today?" Kylo said while closing the door behind himself. Hux had already stood up and was on his feet, moving towards Kylo. "I'm feeling so much better, thank you for asking, but that doesn't matter at the moment," Hux took a breath and looked up Ren. "Are you going to talk to me about what happened a few days ago or are you going to be childish and ignore me?" Kylo looked mildly shocked by the sudden questioning. "I fell asleep, my body must have moved during the night." Hux rolled his eyes. So it wasn't for warmth, it must have been an act of something else. "Tell me, Kylo, do yo-" Hux stopped mid sentence. Well, he was stopped mid sentence by a pair of full lips connecting with his own. His eyes were wide, he didn't know what to do. He returned the kiss, and oh was it marvellous. What first started as a shy show of affection turned into passion and fire. Hux didn't want it to stop, his mouth moving in sync with Kylo's. It was perfect; he was perfect. When the two broke away to regain air and some sense of what they were doing, Kylo had both hands resting on Hux's clothed chest. Neither said anything for a minute, speaking through their fast paced breaths and eyes. "That was... You're... amazing," Kylo finally managed to breath out. Hux leaned forward again to restart the loving kiss, their tongues dancing. He loved every minute of it and soon enough, they needed more contact. Kylo lifted Hux carefully, not breaking their kiss, and moved him to the bed were he lay him down on his back. He climbed on top of Hux and began to place ardent kisses along his jaw, eventually moving to his neck to kiss and bite softly. The two fumbled with their clothes, attempting to pull free of the garments. With difficultly, they both ended up in only shorts as Kylo kissed down Hux's chest, causing him to let out small involuntary moans. He flushed red at the sight of Kylo so close to his legs and tried to keep quiet as he moved further down his body. Kylo winked up at him, running his hands down the sides of Hux, moving them along the curves. Both men were wrapped in each other's arms when they had stopped, covered in the silky sheets of Hux's bed. "I never knew you felt like this, Hux," Kylo breathed, kissing Hux's cheek. "Neither did I until recently, Kylo. Neither did I." One month had gone and Kylo left the ship once again. This time, Hux felt different. The instant their shuttle departed, he missed him. His lover. Wanting to be in his arms again. He still couldn't believe that bacteria brought them closer together. He knew when Kylo would return this time, he would welcome him with far more enthusiasm.