Chapter 1 Hux remembered the first time he met Kylo Ren. They despised each other, bickered and fought like raving dogs. Every confrontation between them became an argument. Each trying to one up the other, to be better and cleverer. They were always competing for Snoke’s favor. Hux cannot pinpoint the exact moment that he fell in love with Kylo. He imagines it happened naturally, over time, since their first meeting almost ten years ago. Hux supposes that it was only natural that the close proximity and high tension between them developed into something more. Hux doesn’t regret any of it, nor would he trade those memories and moments for anything. He remembers every moment. Their first kiss, slow and unsure in an empty corridor. The little flutter low in Hux's belly, the touch of their lips, the slide of tongues as the kiss grew more passionate. The hours he and Kylo spent just talking. Getting to know each other, their quirks, the little gestures that made the other happy. Sharing their dreams, their fears. The first time they made love, on their wedding night after the ceremony they had in secret on Naboo. Hux will never forget that night. It was after the destruction of the Starkiller, after Kylo had healed from his wounds and was released from the medbay. They had returned from Naboo and were now in the General’s quarters, talking about what had happened on Kylo’s end during the Starkiller’s destruction. *** Kylo was sitting on the end of the bed in their shared quarters. Hux was standing in front of him, between his legs, and the Knight’s face was cradled in his hands. Kylo was gripping Hux's hips, eyes fluttering closed and leaning into the ginger's touch. “Snoke lied to me. I killed my father and it didn’t help. Didn’t give me more power, didn’t make me stronger like he promised it would.” A tear escaped Kylo’s eye as he said this. “Trust me Kylo, Snoke will pay for that.” Kylo let out a relieved breath at that. Hux…Hux was angry. Angry at the Supreme Leader for lying to and using his lover, for making him weaker instead of stronger like he had promised Kylo he would. Hux eyed the scar bisecting the Knight’s face. That…girl had marked what was his. So the General changed the subject and said in an equally angry whisper, “The scavenger girl marked you. She took that pleasure from me.” “No,” His Knight assured him. “ You marked me first. The first time you kissed me, the first time you lay your hand on mine, you marked me, claimed me. The scars I received that day are just physical reminders of my failure. Nothing more. There’s no need to be so possessive, no one is going to take me from you. I love you.” Kylo was staring intently at Hux as he said those last three words. Saying ‘I love you' was still pretty new to them, despite that development having occurred a few months ago. Hux returned the sentiment and said, “Someone else other than me marked you. That is unforgivable. But you’re right. You are mine,” Hux replied as he growled out the words, “And no one shall take you from me. They shall die trying if they do.” Kylo was trembling now, his pupils blown wide and breaths heavy with his arousal. The younger man’s mouth parted to say, “Then mark me and make me yours. Make me know nothing but your touch and your whispered words of possession. Leave marks on my skin to let others know I’m off limits. That I’m yours and yours alone.” Hux was still framing the Knight’s face with his hands, so he used it to gently pull him up into a standing position and then in for a passionate, if slightly possessive, kiss. As the kiss grew more heated, they started removing each other clothes. Belts were the first to be removed, then boots, then Hux’s uniform and Kylo’s endless layers of robes until they were both naked. Before they proceeded, the redheaded man wanted to make sure that Kylo knew that he would not do anything that he didn’t want or made him uncomfortable. So Hux said, “Kylo, if you want me to stop, for any reason, just say so. I’ll stop, I swear it.” Kylo nodded his agreement and maneuvered himself onto the bed, lying flat on his back, waiting for Hux to make the next move. Hux went to him. *** That night, the night of their wedding, Hux had made love to Kylo, had worshiped his body and assured him of his General’s love for him until the early hours of the night cycle. That night was also when they had conceived, though they hadn’t known it. It was almost two months later, after a week of Kylo constantly throwing up, that Hux had forced him to go to medbay. Hux had been worried about his lover. Worried that he had contracted a deadly illness during a scouting mission for another planet to build a second better Starkiller on, that he was losing his Knight to Death’s cold embrace. The med droid had assured the General otherwise, had revealed instead that Kylo was pregnant. They were both so happy, excited even, at the prospect of being parents. Six months had passed since and Kylo was now around eight months pregnant. At present, Hux was making sure the younger man rested before leaving their shared quarters to attend the meeting Supreme Leader Snoke had called. Hux didn’t know why Snoke had called the meeting with him, assumed it was to review the improvements to the Stormtrooper program. Most likely it was to question Hux on why Kylo Ren had not arrived at his Citadel to complete his training. The Supreme Leader already knew about the pregnancy, Hux was sure. Kylo had already confirmed that their child would be Force sensitive. The General was almost positive that Snoke would want to train the child, use them like he did Kylo. Hux would rather die than let that happen. Hux greeted those in the corridors with a nod as passed them on his way to Snoke’s projection room. The one on the Finalizer was smaller than the one that had been on Starkiller, but it serves its purpose in Hux's opinion. When the General reached the room, he keyed in the code on the keypad to the right of the doors and entered. The room was empty save the holo-projector that was already on and projecting Snoke into the room. Hux walked the length of the room to stand before Leader Snoke at perfect parade rest. “I trust you know why I called this meeting, General .” Snoke’s voice rang out. The emphasis on his title clearly stated Snoke’s displeasure. “ WHY hasn’t Kylo Ren been brought to me as I ordered you to? You should have arrived at my Citadel by now!” Snoke’s voice was a loud, deep and growling in his anger. “Kylo Ren is pregnant. He needs to rest and your training would put the child in danger!” Hux snapped out. Snoke seemed to bristle and shake in anger at this. “You DARE ! You have defied my orders for the last time!” This was the first time Hux had defied the Supreme Leader’s orders, but that didn’t seem to matter. That cannot be the true reason then , Hux thought. The General opened his mouth to say something, but before he could, Snoke continued, “Acolyte, step forward.” Hux was shocked as the acolyte stepped forward. He had short brown hair, brown eyes, leanly muscled, wearing plain black robes and was a few inches shorter than Hux. When had the Supreme Leader taken another apprentice? Hux hadn’t sensed him, hadn’t seen him. If this other apprentice is here…Snoke must know about my plan to overthrow him, Hux thought to himself. “Yes, your plan . Did you think you could hide it from ME!? ” Snoke yelled. “This…this is good. You know why you’re going to die. Apprentice, kill him.” Hux went for his blaster, not realizing he had left it behind until his hand touched empty space. It wouldn’t have done much, but he’d at least have a chance. “Yes, Master.” The acolyte said as he stalked towards him, removing his lightsaber and igniting it in a flare of red as he went. He stopped before the redhead. Kylo, I’m sorry, was Hux’s last thought before Snoke’s apprentice raised the ‘saber high and brought it down. Notes: Ooooo, cliffhanger! Don't you just love when it ends like this? I know, that was so mean. There's more coming, don't worry. If you can't tell by now, I love Possessive/Protective Hux. Kylo's totally into it too. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the My Memories of You Are Like Fireworks, They Burn Bright and Fade Fast series