One “Laureli, come here.” Phasma’s voice echoed through the suite easily despite her soft tone. Obediently, the girl came around the corner and stood beside her Master, hands clasped behind her back and head bowed. “Good girl, see General, she is very well trained.” Laureli hadn’t noticed another body in the room, but as she raised her head slightly, she saw the black uniform of General Hux lounging in the chair in front of Phasma. “Yes I can see that.” He mocked, clearly not missing her transgression, as Phasma had not given her permission to move. Laureli dropped her head quickly, her eyes darting to the side slightly to watch her Master’s jaw clench and her head tilt toward her. “Laureli.” She said simply and the girl fell to her knees, hesitantly pulling her arms up and resting them wrist up toward Phasma. Phasma looked to the young girl beside her and then looked up to Hux. “General, since you alerted me to her disobedience, would you like to administer her punishment?” She asked so easily it was like she was talking about the state of the base, and not the pain that was to be inflicted upon the person beside her. Hux looked to Phasma with narrowed quizzical eyes before looking to Laureli whose head was bowed. He waited a moment before standing, and stepping before Laureli’s small frame. “Stand up, Girl.” He ordered quietly. Laureli looked up, first her eyes darting to Phasma, before she bit her lip and obeyed his order. Her eyes never left his boots on the floor as she stood before him, frame shaking. Phasma was brutal with punishments, luckily Laureli had never been on the receiving end, but at least she was fair. Hux, he was different, he was calculated, and his punishments were meant to be one time. As in, once you received one, you never disobeyed again if only to never have to be on the other end of one again. Hux’s gloved hand came up, and he waited. The movement drew Laureli’s eyes up and she looked at the outstretched hand before her grey eyes moved up to his face for only a second until they dropped back to their original place. “Don’t make me wait, Girl.” He said so quietly, it almost sounded like it wasn’t said at all. Despite the silence, the words made her jump and she caught on, giving him her right arm, the sleeve of her First Order Jacket rolling up with the movement exposing her thin pale wrist, veins clearly visible through her skin from the cold air. He examined her arm for a moment before he looked to her other arm and reached for it, harshly pulling it up to sit next to her other wrist, both held tightly in his left hand. Her head dropped away, not wanting to see the strikes from the switch that Phasma had handed to him only moments earlier. “Look at me.” He commanded. Hesitating for only a moment, Laureli slowly looked up at him, her eyes looking everywhere but his eyes as she waited. “I said, look.At.Me.” He growled, somehow knowing that she wasn’t following his order. Her grey eyes, which by now had started to tear with anticipation locked onto his uncomfortably and she shifted her feet. Hux raised the switch, and stared down at her. “How many would you suggest Phasma?” He asked, not looking away from her eyes. “Five, General. It was only a minor transgression.” Phasma said easily, lounging back in her chair as she watched the show before her. “Move, or look away, and I start again. Do you understand?” Laureli nodded, her lip pinched painfully between her teeth. The switch came down sharply against her skin and she yelped, instinct screaming at her to wrench her hands away but she stayed still wincing being the only form of physical reaction she gave. “I asked you a question, you will answer me.” He said levely, almost as if he was bored with her. He added another sharp strike to punctuate his words before Laureli could speak. “Yes General Hux, Sir.” She spoke breathlessly. The pain was sharp and lasted only a moment, but she knew the burning pain would last for hours, that was the point, so that she would remember her mistake. Hux nodded once, before he tilted her head up just slightly, keeping it at an almost uncomfortable angle as he began his strikes. The first two came quickly, but not so quickly that she did not feel their pain. As they hit her skin, she hissed in pain, her eyes fighting to stay open and obey his order of not looking away from his eyes as he delivered the punishment. As the third strike landed, Laureli felt a hand on her leg, the warmth steadying her. Phasma and herself were not lovers. They were far from it. But neither would deny the strong connection the two of them shared. Though their relationship was far from sexually physical, the bond was stronger than others whose relationship was. Phasma could feel her struggle, she knew the signs well. She also knew that a simple touch was enough to transfer a simple “I am here”. Two more strikes came and went quickly, and Laureli braced herself for the last one. When it didn’t come she looked to him quizzically. “What will you not do again?” Hux spoke quietly, his voice portraying no evidence of exertion like Laureli’s was. “I will not move without permission again General Hux, Sir.” She said, her voice trembling, the hand on her leg stroking almost imperceptibly. Hux nodded satisfied with her answer. “Good Girl.” He then landed the last, and hardest strike of them all along her reddening skin. Laureli whimpered and when he dropped her hands, she let them fall to her sides, flexing and clenching her hands to get more blood flow into them. He handed the switch back to Phasma and then turned and sat back in his seat. “You may sit down now Laureli.” Phasma said quietly, her normal domineering personality quiet in the room, not wanting to break the charged air that had overcome the room. Laureli, trembling, dropped to her knees and then sat beside the chair Phasma occupied. As she settled herself, Phasma’s hand dropped to her short cropped hair and stroked it gently, returning to her conversation with Hux. “As I was saying before, I need you to take your best, and search the system.” Hux said, folding his hands as his legs crossed. “We need to find anyone with information on the map.” “The map to Skywalker? You don’t really think that’s real?” Phasma nearly laughed at the general, her hand absentmindedly twisting locks of Laureli’s hair. “Snoke seems to think so, and I do as well.” Hux sat up and looked more pointedly at Phasma. “Are you going to follow orders or not?” He asked dangerously. Though the question was not pointed at her, Laureli felt every hair on her body stand on end, and she felt the hand in her hair stop. Noticing the sudden change, she lifted her head slightly, looking up into her master’s eyes. Phasma looked down at her smiling slightly. “I’ll need someone to watch my pet.” She said, easing the tension after a moment, before looking back up to Hux. “Send her to Ren.” Hux waved her off, not noticing the panicked look in Laureli’s eyes, but Phasma clearly did. “He is a child. He wouldn’t know how to handle her. She is a good girl, but she still needs a firm hand to instruct her. Isn’t that right pet?” Hux’s eyes fell to Laureli, and she nodded. “Yes Captain Phasma.” Laureli obediently responded. “Ren would have no idea what to do with her. No, I think you should watch her.” Both Hux and Laureli looked up to her instantly. Phasma chuckled. “Don’t act so surprised General, she already fears you. It would only make sense that she serve you in my absence.” Laureli looked down and away, knowing Phasma was right, but that she had no choice in the matter. Hux noticed and narrowed his eyes. “Are you sure about this Phasma?” Hux stated quietly his eyes sliding up from the girl on the ground to the woman in the chair. “I will not coddle her.” “Are you insinuating that I do?” Phasma stood at this moment, and Laureli scrambled to follow, her hands clasped behind her and head down. “She is trained well, well enough to my standards. Give her rules to start, and she won’t disappoint. If she does, well,” Phasma handed the switch from her belt to Hux. “I trust you will correct these mistakes.” Hux nodded and Phasma motioned to Laureli. “Ready my suit, I will leave momentarily.” Laureli nodded. “Yes Captain Phasma.” She then moved to the storage unit, opening it and readying it for departure. Hux at this point turned to leave. “I expect to see her in my quarters the moment she has seen to your departure.” He said offhandedly over his shoulder. “I would expect nothing less of you General.” Phasma called after him as she walked toward Laureli. As the doors slid closed, the captain’s face became soft again. “Are you frightened of the General, pet?” Laureli nodded slightly, quietly responding. “Yes.” with the General gone, all formalities stopped. “Good, you should be. He is a powerful man, he can do you great harm should you give him cause.” Laureli froze with this comment, her hands hesitating to zipper the underclothing of her suit. “I want you returned to me in the same condition you left me. Do you understand?” Phasma didn’t have to turn around for her point to come across simply in her features. “Yes Captain.” Laureli responded, her fingers working again and finishing the first layer of the complicated suit. “Hux will not be kind to you. As cruel as you think I can be, he is much worse, and far less controlled with his temper. He may not show it but he is a very volatile man.”Laureli listened attentively yet silently. “Obey him as you do with me and you will be fine.” at this point, the complicated suit was on, and all that remained was her cloak and helmet. Phasma turned around looking down at her pet. “Laureli look up at me.” Laureli obeyed, her grey eyes shining with fear and tears in the artificial light that surrounded them. “Oh, come now, don’t shed tears.”Laureli’s hands wiped them away quickly and she smiled weakly. “There’s my good girl.” Phasma watched her for a short while before her hand cupped her face and she pulled her forward, her lips gently landing on the girl’s. A moment later she pulled away, Laureli’s face bright red and her lip between her teeth. Phasma smirked before putting on the helmet. “You best make your way to Hux, he will begin to become impatient.” Laureli nodded and moved toward the door. “And Laureli,” the young girl turned. “You may be under his care, but don’t forget who you belong to.” She warned, the robotic sound of her voice making the threat even clearer. “Yes Master.” Laureli said easily, her head dipping slightly before she made her way off into the corridor, unable to see the proud smile on Phasma’s face as she watched her pet go. Chapter 2 : Two Summary: Laureli learns that her life with Hux will probably be worse that she first thought. Laureli arrived at the door to Hux’s quarters after five minutes of examining the hallway between his and her Master’s door. Not that it was particularly interesting, but she was anxious, if his minor disciplinary action before was any indication of how this experience would fair, she was willing to stall. A tentative knock on the door was answered by the hissing of the latches and the metal door moving away and the immaculate quarters of the General coming into view. Laureli stood in the doorway, her head bowed as she waited to be allowed in. The General was standing, his back toward her, one hand clasped behind his back as a wisp of smoke drifted up from his hand which was by his mouth. He was still, staring out the window of his quarters, looking out at the stars that surrounded them. “You may come in Laureli.” He stated quietly, still not turning to look at her from his place, taking another drag of the cigarette in his mouth. She obeyed, walking into the stark grey room and standing in the middle of the room, her head still bowed in respect. After a moment, Hux put the cigarette out and sighed, turning and looking at her, never once dropping his military stance. “Phasma tells me that I need only give you rules to follow and you will not disappoint. Is this true?” He asked, watching her carefully. “Yes General Hux Sir”. She said quietly. “Look at a superior officer when you are speaking to them.” He snapped and her head followed suit, looking up to him quickly. “Yes General Hux Sir.” She repeated, her eyes locked on him. Hux smirked as he looked at her, stalking forward. “You are an obedient little thing aren’t you?” He teased, eyes narrowing as he stood before her. “Phasma wants me to take good care of you, but keep you in your place. You understand this don’t you?” “Yes General Hux Sir.” “Good, then you know that this means a very drastic change to your rules. For instance, you are not to touch anything I have not given explicit permission for you to touch. You will not do anything without my permission, is that understood.” “Yes General Hux Sir.” Hux nodded and moved over to his desk, sitting down as he continued to speak. “When I am having a meeting, everything you hear, anything you see and anyone you meet is classified. If I so much as think that you know more than you should, I will do more than strike you.Is that undestood?” He seemed angrier now, like it was more than a threat, no, it was a promise. Unable to speak Laureli nodded, her eyes wide.Hux, on the other hand, glared at her. He stood from his chair, leaning over his desk, hands planted firmly looking as if he could launch forward at her should the urge arise. “You will speak when you are spoken to, if I need to remind you again I will give you a reason to be silent.” He warned quietly, his voice nearly a hiss. Laureli felt her blood run cold. “Y-Yes General Hux Sir.” She stuttered her hands trembling in their hold of each other. He watched her for another agonizingly long second before he sat back down and returned to his work. “Should any of these rules be broken along with any previous rules in place by Phasma, I will administer a punishment I deem fit. Any word of defiance, any utterance of objection, and I make it worse. Is this clear to you, Girl.” Hux stated more than asked. “Yes General Hux Sir.” Laureli felt like a broken tape, playing the same four words over and over again until they became almost automatic on her tongue. Satisfied with her answer he motioned her forward, his eyes coming up from the datapad in his hands and resting on her. She obediently moved forward, standing before him as he turned in his chair to face her. He sat back in his chair, hands folding under his chin as he looked up at her round face. Though he was sitting and therefore shorter and below her. Laureli felt smaller than she ever had. Phasma when Laureli was given to her, had been aloof, not taking her into consideration for more than a few moments at a time, almost like she had no idea what to do with her. She wasn’t awkward about the ordeal, she had been the one to take her when her “reconditioning” was done. Laureli remembered what that was like, almost as if it was still happening. She shut her eyes absentmindedly, trying to block out the phantom pain and the phantom sound of leather hitting skin. Almost as instantly as the scene before her faded as she closed her eyes, she heard Hux stand, the chair he was sitting in launching backward. A gloved hand tangled in the longest part of her hair on top of her head and wrenched her head back. With a cry of surprise, Laureli’s eyes snapped open and her hands flew to his hand, pressing down in order to relieve some of the upwards pain. “You dare disrespect me?” Laureli’s wide grey eyes met his and she felt her breathing coming in shallow sharp breaths. Wanting to be smaller, Laureli’s knees unlocked and she slowly moved to the floor, Hux’s hand followed her for a moment before his eyes narrowed again and he growled as the hand in his hair yanked upwards and pulled her up to stand before him. For a moment he stared at her before twisting her and pushing her towards the wall. “Place your hands on the wall.” He ordered, leaving no room for her to even think about disobeying. Her hands shakily landed on the ice-cold metal, her overheated hands nearly recoiling from the cool touch. Hux moved around behind her, his large hand spreading over her the space between her shoulders and pushing down. She followed easily, her back almost level before he moved his hand, the stare she felt burning into her back warning her not to move. He then felt his boot between her feet, pushing them to shoulder width apart. She noticed almost instantly the pain in her back lessening from this simple change in stance. Her chest began to heave, breath not coming into her lungs as readily as she needed. The hands on the wall didn’t feel like her own, but all she knew was that she desperately needed something to hold onto to steady herself. Expecting the sound of the switch opening, Laureli couldn’t help turning her head when she heard the sound of a belt being unclipped and the sound of it running through its loops. Hux noticed her head turn and his hand shot out, roughly turning her head back toward the wall. “Phasma seems to think that the sharp sting of the switch will remind you of your transgression more than the flat edge of a belt will. I disagree.” The first strike landed on her back moments later. The pain that burst out from it was nearly double what she was expecting. She cried out, her hands wanting to slip but they stayed stuck to the metal. “She also seems to think that by giving you the amount you are to receive, that it will somehow make the punishment worse, because you know that begging will not get your master to rethink the amount of strikes.” Another strike, higher on her back this time. Her mind focused on what he was saying, each word hanging in the air along with the pain on her back spreading out through her veins. “My thought is, that if someone being disciplined can convince me that they are truly begging for mercy.Then they will receive it.” This strike landed in the middle of her back and she buckled, falling to the ground with a pained cry. Hux sighed, bored. “Stand up, Girl. I’m not finished with you.” He spoke levely, seeming to not care about her tears at all. Laureli, shaking looked up to him, his body looming over her menacingly in the artificial light of the Starkiller. “P-Please General Hux, Sir. Please forgive me.” She turned to face him, still on the floor before dropping her head to the floor at his feet, her hands under her and holding her up. Her eyes were tightly closed but she could hear the sound of his shoes creaking as he squatted in front of her. After an agonizing moment, a hand, no longer covered in the leather of his gloves came under her chin and lifted her, his forefinger and thumb the only thing holding her. She followed his direction, her eyes opening as her face was raised to him. He looked at her, his head tilting from side to side. “I barely even began with you. Three strikes and you couldn’t handle the pain.” He fell silent again as he watched the tears that were blurring her vision fall onto her cheeks. “What does that say about you, or our dear Captain?” Laureli could feel anger boil up in her at his insinuation that Phasma, her master, was weak. She bit her tongue, not wanting the words burning in her throat to come forth. Hux, on the other hand, noticed this and smirked, his hand moving down and gripping her throat gently, yet the power in his hand, skin on skin, a silent warning. “Does the pet have something to say?” Hux taunted. Just as the dam was about to break, and Laureli’s words were about to spill out, the door to Hux’s quarters opened and a black mass moved in. A bored expression fell over Hux’s face and he stood, dropping his hand from her neck. “Lord Ren, what a love-” “Have you found it.” Ren demanded, stalking forward the power radiating off of him causing Laureli to move back and press into the wall behind her. “You’re going to have to be more specific, Lord Ren, I have found a great many things.” The silence that strained out between the two men before her was almost suffocating. Ren moved forward slowly, Staring down Hux from behind his mask. Hux seemed unphased, looking at him almost innocently. Laureli desperately wanted to run, or even hide from the man before her. She could feel the power radiating off of him, coming at her in waves. As she felt this, his face turned to her and she could feel him glaring. The General’s eyes followed his and he rolled his eyes. “Phasma’s pet, I have been given the responsibility of taking care of her.” Hux explained to Ren who didn’t look back and the General before speaking again. “Snoke has called for a meeting.” He said simply, his capes and robes fluttering behind him as he left, the hissing of the locks on the doors being the last sound before the room fell silent again. “I will continue your punishment when I return. But for now.” He turned, producing a pair of cuffs from his desk and clasping one end to her right wrist, the other being attached to the leg of his desk that was nearly cemented to the floor. “You will wait here until my return. I will not have you running off and seeing things you shouldn’t.” He moved away from her, walking towards the door and then out into the hall, not giving her a second glance before he left, leaving her in the dark of his quarters, the cold of the metal floor already seeping into her regulation uniform, and into her skin. For the first time, she wished her master was there to hold her and say simply: “ I am here.” Chapter 3 Summary: Laureli has her first experience with the Master of the Knights of Ren Notes: Hey guys! There is a quick mention of brutality, like a mass murder, its right after she looks at the window, skip like 2 paragraphs and you should be alright. Please comment! Thanks!! Laureli fell into a restless sleep, her eyes closing and her breathing leveling enough that she could feel herself drifting, but not enough for her to find the relief she desperately wanted from the cold seeping into bones from the cold floor. A digital clock was her only way to tell how time was passing. So far it had been nearly two hours since Hux had left. Laureli had long since stopped shivering, her knees drawn up to her chest felt like stones that didn’t want to move. The doors opened, the sound deafening in the once silent room and she started, her tired eyes looking over to him and squinting in the bright light of the hallway flooding the dark room. Hux looked annoyed and distracted by his own rage, so much so that when he walked past her she had to move out of his way to keep from being kicked. Hux sat in his chair, brooding for a moment before he looked down to Laureli who hadn’t moved very much from her original position when he left. Hux stood again, moving in front of her and kneeling again. He examined her closely, her head moving up to look at him per his earlier order. “I have heard from your beloved Master, pet. It seems her search has been cancelled by Supreme Leader Snoke.” Laureli did her best to hide her happiness but she knew it would be impossible for her eyes to not light up. She had been with Hux for less than a day, and she was already more than willing to accept a hundred more punishments from Phasma before she put herself under Hux’s gaze again. Hux noticed, of course and he smirked. “Don’t think I forgot about completing your punishment.” He reached around to her hand, and she stared in amazement. If she was to be honest, she had forgotten about finishing her punishment, and now she was nearly cursing anyone in the stars for not gracing him with her awful memory. Hux pulled her up, her legs feeling like static as he returned her to her position against the wall. She could see her eyes going dark before she felt the spinning in her head and her knees giving out. As her reality started to fade out of view, she took a stuttering breath, breathing out. “Wait.” Before she felt the sharp pain of her head hitting the floor,all she could think was “I would have prefered the belt.” before her world went dark. ++~~~~+~+~+++~~~+~++~++~++~~~~+~~~+~+~+ A sweltering heat, too hot. Too hot. Why is it so FUCKING hot? Fire? Who has a fire in this heat? Is that a droid? How funny looking. It;s like a little ball with a face. Can that man understand him? Can I understand him? His name is Poe, Master Poe. Resistance? Like the Resistance Resistance? Map? What map? Is that what the General was talking about? He has it? He has the map, he knows where Skywalker is. I can’t tell Phasma, I can't tell the first order. They are on Jakku? Where is Jakku? Is that why it’s so hot? God it’s so hot, I want it to stop. Too hot. Too Hot. “Shhhhh, pet, it’s alright, I’m here, it’s alright. Shhhh.” Phasma? She can’t know, she can’t know about Jakku, she can’t know about the map. About Poe. She can’t! “Can you hear me pet? Open your eyes for me pet. Come on.” Slowly, Laureli opened her eyes to see the dim lights of the medical ward. Her head was aching, and and she was shivering, but she felt too hot, like she was burning on the sun. Or Jakuu. Laureli shot up in the medical bed, her eyes wide and chest heaving. Phasma followed, pushing her back down onto the bed with a hand on her chest. “Easy pet, you have been in a fever sleep for a while, you must be still.” Laureli’s eyes darted around her, taking in everything and feeling more than anything the need to run. She tried to sit up again but Phasma once again pushed her back into the sheets. “Do not make me restrain you, Laureli.” She ordered quietly. Laureli looked up to her frightened before she sighed, and forced herself to relax. “Good girl, now would you like to tell me what you were dreaming about?” Phasma asked as she sat back down, crossing her arms as she looked up to the girl before her. Laureli shook her head, pressing farther back into the sheets below her, trying to escape her Master’s gaze. Phasma narrowed her eyes at her and stood, leaning over the side of the bed to hover over Laureli’s small figure. “It would not be wise to disobey me now Laureli, I could hear you speaking in your sleep. Mostly “Don’t tell Phasma, Mustn’t tell Phasma”. Now are you going to tell me now, or do I have to get the answer from you with force?” As Laureli was about to speak, the doors hissed open and the opposing figures of General Hux and Lord Ren walked into the room. “Ahh, Captain Phasma, I was going to speak to you as your shuttle landed, but I suppose you would find your pet before anything else”. The thinly veiled insult did not go unnoticed by anyone in the room, but Phasma ignored it. “I let her in your care and she falls ill, can you take care of nothing but yourself General.” Hux barely blinked. “I informed you she was sick, did I not?” He retorted calmly, walking to stand before her, Ren still standing in the door, silently watching the entire scene unfold. “Sick yes, but in a fever sleep and spouting nonsense about Jakku and a droid with a Master named Poe? No, you failed to speak to me about that.” Phasma hissed back angrily. Hux had the decency to look surprised as he looked back to the young girl on the medic bed. “Well, that is an interesting development. I assure you, this is new information to me, Phasma.” “She was just about to tell me what it all meant, weren’t you pet?” Phasma said warningly as she turned back to look at Laureli who was trembling again, this time whether from fear or cold she had no idea. Feeling her mind already made up for her, she felt her head shaking before she could think about the consequences. Phasma’s face set into a sharp line, and Hux stood straighter, a deep breath filling his lungs as he looked down at her disapprovingly from the top of his nose. “Ren.” Hux said simply, and the black knight moved forward, his hand outstretched over her. Laureli felt herself lift up off of the bed as the pain in her head was amplified a thousand times and she locked eyes with the helmet before her and grit her teeth. She felt him trying to pull at her mind to see her dream over and over but she blocked him desperately. She thought of anything else. Everything else. She thought of home, her family, even her reconditioning. That gave him pause but then she felt him trying stronger and she was pushed into the bed by the force. Laureli let out a pained scream, causing the doors to open and medics to rush in. When they saw the scene before them they fled just as soon. Cowards! She screamed in her head as her voice was otherwise preoccupied. Though it was minor, the distraction was enough to allow Kylo Ren to force his way into her mind and into her memory. The dream flit across her eyes again and she could feel herself screaming again as the information was taken forcefully from her. Then it was over, as quickly as it had begun. “Thank you for your cooperation”. Hux replied absently as Ren moved away. Hot tears streamed down her face as she watched the two men leave, Phasma being the only one remaining. “I am very disappointed in you, Laureli. You will be punished for your disobedience.” Phasma said curtly. Hurt flitting across her face as she looked to Laureli one last time before turning and following the other men out of the room, leaving Laureli to the dark Medbay. She turned, her back away from the door and instead toward the window and to the abyss of space outside of it. Kylo Ren digging in her mind made her see things she didn’t want to remember. She remembered her mother’s auburn hair, her father’s bright laugh. Her brothers running ahead of her as she called to wait for her. The clear sky of her home speckled with stars and clouds even though the sun was still shining. She remembered her hut. The white crisp walls jutting from the rock face, the cool feel of the road beneath her feet, smoothed by generations of feet like hers. She missed home. Never, in her time on the Starkiller did she ever miss her home more than now. She never missed her mother’s touch more than then. She never missed her mother. She had given Laureli up. Given her up for her own good.Too much of a coward to face death with pride. Laureli could still see her face as she handed her over to the storm troopers. She was lucky and she knew this. The other children, the ones who could use the force, the ones who were keeping the way of the Jedi alive, they were killed. No, they were slaughtered, like cattle. Laureli shut her eyes tightly, not wanting to see the scene before her, yet she did. The screaming parents of the children. They were so proud of them. “My child will be a Jedi.” was a phrase not many could use, and those who did, were royalty. Twenty-five children in Laureli’s village. Twenty boys, five girls. Fifty parents, screaming as they saw their children dismembered and burned. Blasters smashed into faces, pulses shot by the hundreds. They were dead in seconds but they kept beating them, if just to prove a point. Laureli sat up and screamed again. She screamed as loud as her voice would let her. Her hands shot to her hair, pulling on it tightly, trying to steady herself. She screamed for every single one of the children killed that day. None of it mattered now, she was serving the ones who killed them, dishonouring their lives by making their killer’s lives easier. Laureli knew she was being used, but for the first time, as she sat screaming on a medbay cot, she felt it. Medics rushed in, gripping her arms tightly and pushing them back down to the bed. Laureli fought against them thrashing against her bonds as they wrapped around her arms. She could feel the needle before she saw it, her body going limp as she looked up at the medics. The door hissed open and Phasma rushed in, looking down at her with wide eyes as she watched Laureli, face red from screaming and tears staining her cheeks, become still under the tranquilizer. The medics backed away, assured that she would no longer cause trouble and allowed Phasma to go to her bedside. When the medics had gone, Phasma reached her hand out to touch Laureli’s burning head. “You stupid, stupid girl.” She said, her voice heavy with emotion as she looked down at the restraints, already bruising her skin. “I told you I wanted you returned to me in the same condition I left you in. Yet here you are, half crazed and feverish.” She sat down on the bed, Laureli’s eyes following her. “The General is sending me to Jakku. Ren is also joining me. I will be gone for a week’s time. You will be in Hux’s care until I return.” She sighed looking away. “He isn’t happy with you Laureli. I fear he may damage you beyond repair. Promise me you will obey him as you do me. I can’t lose you, not now.” Laureli couldn’t move more than a blink but she did. This seemed to satisfy Phasma because she leaned forward, pressing a gentle kiss to Laureli’s forehead, then to her lips before standing, fixing her uniform, and walking to the door. “Goodbye my pet, I will see you in a week’s time.”