"Apologises Sir, but there is no other alternative." Ren released an angry sigh, letting the people surrounding him aware he wasn't happy with this arrangement. To cut a long story short, after starkiller base was destroyed, it was back to square one making plans in the finalizer. Approximately one week after the incident, a minor but surprise attack was made on an amateur planet who were allies of the Resistance. In revenge, the Resistance fought back with a direct attack on the finalizer itself. The damage wasn't major, but the ship took a good few blows. One of these areas included some of the chambers, where Ren resided. Around 30 stormtroppers and other members of staff lost their rooms, so it was a matter of assigning them to rooms in the chambers at the other side of the ship. It would be crowded. There were already 4 stormtroppers to every room, or two lieutenants to a room, so doubling those figures would make it very, very cramped. Of course Ren had the pleasure of his own private quarters. A large room to himself, his own bathroom and office, there was no way he would be put in a box sized room with half a dozen other people. So where could Ren possibly go? With the other figure who had his own large room, private bathroom and office to himself- General Hux. Now the pair were barely the best of friends, and Ren hated people invading his personal space. Except well, it was Ren who was invading Hux's quarters, so he couldn't complain. "We'll have the area repaired as soon as possible," they would reassure the Knight. General Hux was just as annoyed with the situation. It wasn't his problem their rooms were destroyed. It's not his responsibility to house the Commander, as if he were a refugee from his own ship. Why should he be burdened with his presence? The problem was, other than everyone else on the ship, Ren did use his room for more than just sleeping. He had an office, where he did a lot of his work. And clearly so did the General. Ren glared down at the desk which was so overcrowded with paperwork it was impossible to see its surface. Everything was so well organised and filed Ren was slightly scared to move anything, especially since he was so messy when working. "Is there no where else you can keep your work?" Ren asked when he felt Hux enter the office. "Is there no where else you can stay?" Hux spat back. Ren rolled his eyes. He'd only been here for five minutes. Ren was allocated a small spot in the corner with a fold out chair and mini coffee table. It wasn't the best, but it would do for now. After all, this was temporary. He'd be back in his own quarters by next week (hopefully). Night time approached rather fast and Ren was working with Supreme Leader Snoke to continue and complete his training, like he promised. So it was very late when Ren strolled back to the room, having to remember to turn right instead of left at the end of the corridor. Everything was like his old chambers except mirrored. When Ren went to open the door, he discovered it was locked. He didn't have a key. "Hux get the fuck out of there before I knock this door down!" Ren threatened. The door was pure stainless steel, but he kept his stance regardless. What felt like hours later the door slowly opened around 3 inches, just enough for Hux to stick his head through to see who was disturbing him at such late hours. "Yes?" Hux yawned. His ginger hair was scruffy and his face gleamed as if he had put on some kind of night cream. Ren was too tired and impatient for these childish games, "let me in Hux." The General opened the door to let Ren through. He had his duvet wrapped around his thin body, meaning he either slept naked or got cold very easily. Ren didn't want to think about it. He was surprised to see that Hux was kind enough to leave a thin sheet and flat pillow on the cold, hard ground for him to rest. Despite Ren being his guest and him having a bad back from being beaten and left on the snow for dead, he was stuck on the ground. I mean, Hux was there in the first aid room that day where the doctors advised Ren to keep comfortable and rebuild his strength slowly but alas, right now Ren was nothing but a thorn in Hux's side. Shockingly, Ren found it difficult to sleep in this position and couldn't help but feel angry watching Hux sleep in a bed large enough for another three people. Would Ren of done the same if the situation was flipped? Without a doubt. Was he going to be annoyed anyway? Obviously. Ren finally gave up attempting to sleep around four o'clock. He had a meeting around 8am, so he went into the office and made a quick plan on what to say. This escalated into 3 completely different full length speeches he could use. It must of been around seven o'clock when the alarms went off. These were the general alarms which sounded throughout the entire ship. So it was the latest anyone could get up. Most high ranking people in the First Order (anyone above the level of a stormtropper) was up by then, but of course Hux slept in as late as possible. He was always the last to meetings, rushing in as if he had missed the bus and had to run 5 blocks to work. But the meeting room was just round the corridor and he was always late. Ren never really had an overall reason to hate Hux, it was just petty things like that. He's late, he has a strange accent, he's pompous, he's too organised, he clicks his pen a lot and it really distracts the Commander. In the end, they were both strong figures in the First Order, desperate for the approval of the Supreme Leader, completely corrupted by power. Maybe that's what the problem was. He was competition. Ren looked up when he heard the office door open. Hux was exactly the way he was last night- messy, with a blanket clinging to his form. This time, he looked even more tired. He strolled over to the small red sofa and collapsed on it. This Hux was very different to the General he sees almost everyday. Strong, sharp, strict, barking at anyone who looks at him the wrong way, pressing a button to kill billions of people as if it were nothing, then getting on with yelling at people then plotting the next genocide. This Hux, however, in major contrast, lay face first on a sofa, drowning in a feather duvet, with fluffy pink slippers on. Ren held back his laugh. "We have a meeting at 8," the dark haired man reminded him. He watched Hux's head pop up, so he could just see his eyes above the arm rest, "it's ten past seven?" "Yes." "I have 50 minutes." Ren shrugged. It wasn't his problem if he was late. He quickly organised the papers he had been working on the last few hours and set off half an hour early. There were already some lieutenants gathered around the table and Captain Phasma was there. He was rather fond of the Captain. They shared a mutual feeling of embarrassment when he was defeated by an inexperienced girl and Phasma was found in the trash compactor. Another day, another boring meeting. With another two boring meetings scheduled that day. A terrifyingly boring meeting arranged with Snoke and a mind numbingly awful doctors meeting to check on his process, which has certainly declined after 4 hours 'sleep' on the floor. General Hux must of walked into the room as soon as the clock struck eight. Ren was amazed at that transformation he had seen from Hux. When Ren left the room half an hour ago, the General was sitting at the edge of his bed in a pair of black boxer-briefs staring into a cup of coffee, after he had attempted to brush his teeth with his hair comb, of course. When the Knight visited the doctors, he was deeply advised to get a good six hours sleep at the very least and may sure his rest was comfortable. Ren entered Hux's quarters and found himself alone. He had just come back from the dining hall and luckily nothing else was planned for today. He noticed Hux had a card lying on the ground, meaning it had been pushed under the door. It was very rare to receive something. Most letters were transmitted on data pads, unless it was coming from an outside source. Curiosity washed over Ren as he noticed it was a birthday card. It was simply written: To Brendol, Happy Birthday, Love mum x Ren learned two things. Today was Hux's birthday and his first name is Brendol. He placed the card back on the floor and made his way into the bathroom to use the shower. On birth anniversaries Ren was used to be showered with presents when he was with his parents and even in the First Order everyone was aware when the Commander turned a year older. Ren didn't even know Hux's name. After his shower Ren immediately popped out the pick up a few things. By the time he returned the Hux's quarters he found the General sitting at the edge of his bed reading over the card. "Happy birthday," Ren greeted, with a neutral tone for such a subject. Hux sighed and threw the card to the side, "thanks..." Ren walked over and sat on the bed, "the doctor said I've to sleep in a proper bed so I got you this to knock you out." Ren pulled out a bottle of whiskey from his robe (yes his pockets were that big) to which Hux chuckled slightly and thanked him. Hux got two glasses out from the cupboard and poured himself a drink. He went to pour one for Ren but he stopped him, "I don't drink." "Really?" Hux didn't know where he would be without his whiskey. "Well, I've never drank, so..." "You're almost 30 and you've never drank?" Hux was definitely pouring the glass now. "It's never appealed," Ren said, reluctantly accepting the drink. Hux laughed, "that's because you've never tried it." The General clunked their glasses together and they both began to throw back the dark liquid. Hux did it in one smooth go but Ren gagged and stalled a few times. "Is it supposed to burn?" He asked. Hux nodded. "That's disgusting." "You don't drink it for taste," the red haired man replied. Despite the complaints the bottle didn't last long. It only took the commander a few shots to be completely smashed, and the General soon joined him after finishing the bottle in record time. "How'd you feel," Hux asked. "Fuzzy...and warm...and fuzzy," Ren tugged at the back of his robes, attempting to take them off. It took him a good few minutes to squirm his way out the heavy clothing, until he was left in just an undershirt and boxers, the same as Hux "What time is it?" Ren couldn't read the clock. It kept moving. "9...10...no wait it's 9, no it's ten," Hux replied. "It's nine ten...on a Tuesday night...and you're drunk," Ren slowly began to laugh and then he couldn't stop giggling. Hux rested his head on Ren's shoulder, feeling his body vibrate as he continued to have the case of the giggles. He turned his head towards the dark haired man to look at his face, particularly the scar that was left behind after the destruction of starkiller base. Hux lifted his hand up and gently ran his fingers over the mark as Ren continued to laugh for no reason. Hux leaned up and pressed his lips against the scar, making Ren snort. The red head used his hand to cup the other's face, bringing his lips against his own. Both of them were inexperienced and drunk, so it wasn't the most pleasant kiss in the galaxy. Ren somehow managed to entwine his fingers in Hux's short hair as the General moved the kiss along his jaw then down to his neck. Ren still managed to find the situation funny, meanwhile Hux was clinging to the younger like a koala bear to a tree. "Brendol..." Ren moaned gently. Hux pulled away, "how'd you know my name?" Ren laughed, "shhh." Hux shrugged and went back to sucking on the dark haired man's neck. They did that for a while- kissing and biting each other's necks, making out for a while, staring into each other's eyes as they caught their breath for a few seconds. Ren loved the buzz of being drunk and the pleasure of being touched, neither of which he had experienced before. The room was filled with the sound of heavy breathing, gasps and slight moans occasionally. They'd being going at it for a good fifteen minutes before Ren lay back on the bed and pulled Hux on top of him. They continued making out- teeth clanking and saliva getting everywhere. The pair let out a moan when their clothed erections rubbed against each other. Hux positioned himself so he could move his hips against Ren's. The friction was unbearably good. Ren noticed Hux was very clingy. Whether it was because he was drunk or because they were getting intimate (or both) Ren was surprised. Hux seemed like the type of person who would snap at a guy if they brushed past his shoulder. But no, the General had his face pressed in against his neck and was moving his hips so close against his body. One hand was tangled into his long dark hair whilst the other was running up and down his chest under his shirt. Hux noticed how well toned and strong Ren was and it made him self conscious. He wasn't surprised- he trained almost everyday and although Ren was only a few inches taller, the red haired man had a rather petite body in comparison. Hux sat up so his back was leaning against Ren's knees and took off his shirt. Ren sat up and did the same so the pair were left only in their boxers. Ren's hands fitted perfectly cupping Hux's ass, so he used the opportunity to move his hips a bit faster against his body. Ren's wondering why he's never did anything like this before. He never had much opportunity to, he supposed. When he was trying to become a Jedi, no other boy was interested in men and when he came to the First Order, fucking was the last thing on his mind, he was too busy. For Hux well, no one really liked Hux. Hell, Ren didn't even like Hux. But half a bottle of whiskey later he pushed that hate to the back of his mind and the pair began acting like horny teenagers (only they were in their 30s). Hux gasped and let out a shaky moan when Ren suddenly slipped his hand into his boxers and wrapped his slender fingers around his cock. Ren lay back down on his back and pulled Hux down with him, keeping his hand in his boxers. Ren began to jerk the other's dick, enjoying the whimpering sounds of pleasure above him. Hux had did this himself a few times (not a lot, granted) but having someone else do this...it was hard to explain, but it was so much better. Ren suddenly stopped and removed his hand from Hux's boxers, causing him to make a strange sound of disapproval. Ren smiled at Hux, still feeling wonderfully drunk and in ecstasy. He looked deep into those ocean blue eyes, which were normally sharp and full of anger, but now they were soft and warm and welcoming, it made Hux look like a completely different person. Maybe that's why Ren liked this. "How far do you want to take this?" Ren asked as Hux panted desperately against his neck. "Fuck me...please," Hux begged, making Ren's cock twitch. Ren rolled Hux over so he was on his back and Ren was on top. He yanked off Hux's underwear as well as his own and stared down at the red head. Bedroom Hux was very different from work Hux and lazy morning Hux. This Hux was neither arrogant or annoying, he was hot. "I-I don't know what I'm doing," Ren laughed slightly. The room was spinning around him. "Don't worry, neither do I," Hux replied. Ren tried to move down Hux's body, tried, he fell off the bed. Hux burst out laughing, as did Ren, before he climbed up on his knees. Ren placed his hands on Hux's thighs and pressed kisses all over his upper leg, nipping at this inner thigh. "Have you ever, did this before? Like to yourself?" Ren asked. "No." That's helps. It certainly didn't help that whenever Ren looked at Hux he could see two of them. As Ren began to lubricate his fingers with his spit, he couldn't help appreciating Hux's gorgeous form. He truly did have skin like pure white snow, with freckles littered all over his body. Ren couldn't describe how good it felt to have the General of the First Order completely submit himself to the Commander, pleading him to fuck him... Ren's finger circled the rim before gently pushing in. Hux didn't react much. "How does that feel?" Ren asked. "Slightly odd," Hux replied, panting slightly. Ren started to move his finger in and out, watching Hux with close eyes. He added his middle finger, which made Hux grip the bed sheets slightly. When asked, he just said it was a weird sensation. While Ren fingered Hux he left kisses and bite marks along his pale thigh, the purple bruises standing out against the white skin. When Ren pushed his fingers in slightly deeper, Hux twitched and arched his back, begging Ren to 'do that again'. So he did, and he enjoyed watching the General squirm beneath his fingers, utterly riddled with pleasure. Ren pulled his fingers out causing Hux to whimper, like he did earlier when he stopped stroking his cock. Ren just had to fuck him now. He sat up onto the bed, positioning Hux's thighs so they were on top of his. Ren pressed himself against Hux's entrance, but refrained from pushing forward. He loved seeing him beg. "Kylo..." Hux whimpered after a few seconds. "Yes?" The dark haired man smirked. "Please." "Please what?" "Fuck me." "I can't hear you." "Fuck me!!" Ren slide inside Hux's tight entrance, moaning at the new sensation. It was really tight, and hot, and it made his cock pulse in pleasure. Hux was breathing heavily. Ren was big, very big. Certainly not ideal for his first time. Ren lifted Hux's legs up so they rested on his shoulders and leaned forward so he could looks into the General's eyes. Hux's hands immediately tangled themselves in Ren's hair, tugging slightly, causing Ren to let out a deep moan. Ren started thrusting, slowly, he could tell Hux still wasn't used to the feeling of having a dick up his ass. Hux felt strange, good, but very odd. He could feel the pleasure, but it was far away from his cock. They both knew they weren't going to last long. They'd been ready to cum since Hux grinded their erections together earlier. Hux especially knew he wasn't going to last long when Ren hit that one sweet spot again, which made him grit his teeth to prevent screaming. Hux kept one hand clinging onto Ren's hair and used his other hand to rake his nails down Ren's back. Hux cupped his ass and encouraged Ren to fuck him faster by squeezing it. "Do you like that?" Ren whispered as he bit Hux's earlobe. "Yes, so good, fuck!" Hux had never felt this pleasure in his existence. Tears began to form in the corner of his eyes from the complete ecstasy he felt as Ren pounded into him. The low groans and sighs in Hux's ear were driving him crazy. All of a sudden Hux's orgasm hit him and he came over his stomach and chest untouched. It was a powerful orgasm that left him shaking and twitching during his comedown. Ren came at the same time as Hux, his pleasure shooting straight through his cock and releasing himself inside Hux. Ren pulled out and collapsed beside his now lover, who was still panting and gasping from the intensity. Ren didn't feel as drunk now, but he still knew a headache was going to hit him in the morning. The morning- that's when he'll worry about things. Ren would manage but there's no chance Hux will be up in time for the 9am meeting. Hux clung to Ren, laying his head against his chest, breathing in his scent. At least Ren got to sleep in the bed tonight. "Brendol?" Hux sniggered, "yes?" "Happy birthday."