Kylo Ren strode down the sidewalk, dodging slow pedestrians and puddles, his phone pressed tightly to his ear. His jaw clenched as he listened to William Hux, CFO of First Order, his colleague, rival, and perpetual pain in his ass, rant and lecture about their latest quarterly reports. “Hux,” Kylo sharply interrupted him, “production costs spiked in the last phase because those fucking assholes you convinced Snoke to contract with sent us an entire batch of parts that were completely outside acceptable quality standards! Didn’t I tell you this would happen? Yes, I did. Don’t fucking start with me. I’m not going to approve for the next phase until I get the quality materials I need. I don’t give a fuck how much it costs. You fucked up, Hux.” Kylo yanked open the door to the Indian restaurant he was headed into for a quiet lunch away from all the idiots who reported to him, only to smack straight into someone. Her carryout bags split, and an excessive number of cartons and containers tumbled onto the sidewalk, several of which popped open, spilling fragrant curries and colorful vegetables all over the ground. “Oh my god, I’m so sorry!” Kylo immediately bent down to grab the containers, snatching up the receipt. “No, it’s my fault, I wasn’t watching where I was going.” The lyrical voice and British accent sent shock ricocheting through Kylo. He slowly looked up from the mess of now-soggy food on the ground to the owner of the voice. Soft wisps of dark chestnut hair, wavy from the mist and rain, framed bright hazel eyes in an all-too familiar face. Her small lips parted in surprise when she recognized him. “I’m going to have to call you back,” Kylo mumbled into the phone, barely aware of Hux’s furious shouting as he ended the call. “Rey.” His voice was thick and low. His hand hovered near his ear, still holding his darkened phone. She hadn’t moved either, eyes wide and locked on his face. “Kylo.” They stared at each other in stunned silence for a full minute before Kylo spoke. “I hadn’t…uh, I didn’t know you were back,” he began lamely. “We just moved back this week.” Rey’s mouth pulled tight in apprehension, an expression Kylo recognized intimately. He couldn’t believe how easily he remembered after six years apart. We? A little voice spoke from behind her. “I’m ready to go. Oh no our food!” The voice came from a small figure in a lime green raincoat with a deep hood shaped like a frog. The child slipped around Rey and curled a hand into hers. When Rey didn’t respond, the hood tilted up. “Mom?” “It’s okay Cory, we can get more,” Rey’s voice trailed off. The hood turned to Kylo. “Who are you ?” Mom. Kylo couldn’t process it. He cleared his throat, gaze darting back and forth between the child and Rey. “I, uhh, your mm—Rey, we—“ “Cory, this is Mr. Ren. We used to be friends a long time ago.” Rey caught Kylo’s tiny smirk as she said “friends.” Every trace of his smirk disappeared when Cory pulled his hood back. Black wavy hair curled every which way around his narrow, pale face. A pair of dark brown eyes stared up at Kylo. His eyes. Kylo tore his gaze away from Cory to gape at Rey. The way she was frozen in the door reminded him of a frightened deer, waiting for the right moment to dart away and disappear into the fog. Kylo grabbed the doorframe, suddenly feeling very dizzy. “Rey?” His voice was hoarse. “Maybe we should sit down,” she murmured. Chapter 2 After explaining to the restaurant host what had happened, the three of them slid into a booth in the back of the room. Kylo and Rey had scarcely stopped staring at each other the whole time. “I want to sit by Mr. Ren.” Kylo broke eye contact with Rey to look down at the mop of dark hair climbing on to the seat beside him. Cory grabbed Kylo’s arm for leverage as he crawled onto his knees and sat on his muddy rainboots. “Mom, can I color?” “Yeah, sure.” “MISTER! I want to color, please?” Kylo winced as Cory hollered at the waiter across the room and the entire restaurant turned to stare at them. “Cory,” Rey hissed. “Wait until he comes over here.” He smacked two hands over his mouth, mumbling what sounded like “sorry” through them. The waiter brought them water and crayons and paper for Cory. Rey raised an eyebrow at her son. “I’m sorry for shouting at you,” Cory somberly told the waiter, who smiled, clearly amused. “I’ve had worse. But thank you. What can I get for you guys?” Kylo produced the receipt from Rey’s ruined order, handing it to the waiter. “Everything on there, chicken Jalfrezi for me, medium. And for her, Veggie Korma, extra extra spicy.” Kylo ordering for her was risky, but Korma was her favorite. He thought Rey would protest, but she just blinked at him slowly before rubbing her temples. “And for your son?” “Oh no! We’re not, he’s not, uh, we aren’t…” Kylo stuttered, finally just shaking his head over and over. Perplexed, the waiter’s eyes bounced back and forth between Cory and Kylo, then to Rey, who was still wearily rubbing her forehead. “Okay…my apologies. Want do you want?” He addressed Cory this time. “Naan, please.” “Plain?” Cory’s face scrunched up as he stared at the menu. Kylo looked over his head at the waiter. “One of everything.” The waiter blinked at him. “We have ten kinds of naan.” “Yeah, sure, that’s fine. And three mango lassis.” Now Rey was looking at Kylo with a slight glare, evaluating his elegant charcoal suit, pristine jacket, and Italian leather briefcase and shoes. He thought he saw her peeking under his shirt sleeves for his watch. “I see business has been good to you,” she stated flatly. “Yes, actually, it has. First Order is doing very well.” “Your outfit looks like it cost more than my car.” He smiled wryly at her. “It probably did.” She shook her head with some frustration but she was smiling a little. “God, Kylo. It’s good to see you.” “It’s good to see you too.” He gave her a crooked smile. “So why are you back? I thought the band was doing well, I hear your songs on the radio sometimes.” “Since when does Kylo Ren, music snob extraordinaire, listen to the radio?” She teased him. “Since you started playing on it.” His serious answer flustered her. She fidgeted with her earring while watching Cory color. “Well, some radio stations, yeah. The Resistance is doing very well, but Poe and Finn are tired of traveling. Getting married slowed them down a lot. They want to retire from music and start a farm.” “A farm?” He laughed, “I’m not even surprised.” “I thought I would’ve seen you at their wedding. Were you busy that weekend?” His mouth twisted and he fiddled with his napkin. “I was not invited.” Rey was taken aback. “Oh.” “Yeah,” Kylo chuckled nervously. “At first I was kind of hurt, but now, I think I get it.” He glanced quickly at Cory and then back to Rey, whose forehead crinkled. “Yes, I suppose they wanted to prevent any untimely reunions.” Kylo snorted. “An untimely reunion? Yeah, that’s one way to put it.” “You should call them up. I know they miss you.” Kylo curtly shook his head. “I don’t think so.” “I have to pee,” Cory announced. Rey sighed. “What have I told you about that?” “I have to use the restroom,” Cory amended. “Wash your hands!” she called after him as he slipped out of the booth. She startled when she turned back, caught off guard by Kylo’s piercing gaze. “Why didn’t you tell me?” His voice was soft and he almost looked tearful. She shifted in her seat, staring down at her hands. She couldn’t look at his dark, mournful eyes right now. “Rey?” “I don’t know Kylo.” She rubbed her neck, still avoiding his gaze. “I don’t know.” “Were you ever going to tell me?” She shrugged. “I hadn’t decided yet.” A moment passed, before he asked, voice thick, “Is that why you left?” She did look up at him this time, and wished she hadn’t. His eyes glimmered, and his lower lip just barely trembled. She felt something she thought she escaped six years ago—the feeling of every part of her chest melting and crumbling apart. Staring into his dark eyes made her ache, and it made her melt. Cory exited the bathroom, wandering across the restaurant to ask the waiter for more crayons. Rey watched Kylo watch Cory. Suddenly he grinned and the melting ache intensified. “That poor kid.” “Why do you say that?” “He got my ears.” Rey looked at their son and started chuckling. “Yeah, he did. He really did.” Kylo turned back to her, still grinning. “He’s going to get called so many things. Kids are basically psychopaths with unlimited imaginations. Prepare yourself for many days of him coming home, crying.” Her face lit up with a teasing glow. “Are you speaking from experience?” He feigned a melancholy expression, dramatically sighing. “I don’t want to talk about it.” Rey laughed and Kylo joined in. He forgot how much he missed the sound of their laughs ringing out together. Cory clambered back into his seat, a dozen more crayons in hand. He combed his messy waves back with one hand in a gesture that was eerily familiar to Kylo. He looked up at Rey, a hint of awe on his face. She smirked at him. “Creepy, right?” “The weirdest.” The waiter came over with their drinks, food, and all ten orders of naan, smiling over Cory’s appreciative oohs and ahhs. “Do you want all the items off that receipt carryout again, ma’am?” “Carryout? Oh my god! Finn and Poe! Yes, yes, carryout, sorry.” Kylo already had his fork poised over his plate. “Do you need to go?” Rey paused. “No…no! The food arrived, we can eat here. I just need to go call them quick.” Rey grabbed her phone from her purse and stepped outside, dialing up Finn. “Where’s our food!” “Hi Poe. This is definitely not your phone. Where’s Finn?” There was a series of scratching and shuffling sounds punctuated with Poe’s mischievous chuckle. “Hello darlin.’” “Hi Finn. Umm we’re going to be a little late.” “Don’t worry about it, is everything okay?” Rey hesitated. “Yeah, I just ran into someone and we got talking. I gotta go, but I’ll text you when we’re on the way, ‘kay?” “Sounds good, see you soon. Love ya.” “Love you too.” Rey took a deep breath before returning to the restaurant. Kylo and Cory were huddled with their heads close together, as Kylo drew something on one of Cory’s coloring sheets. Rey smiled to herself, the tiny crayon in his giant hand was comical. A second later, the crayon snapped in half. “Shit,” he grumbled. Rey frowned. “Kylo! Language!” “Oh right, kids- they aren’t supposed to swear.” He pointed at Cory with the broken crayon. “And you’re a kid. No bad words. Alright? I’m a bad example. Don’t listen to me. Okay, now I’ll show you how to draw the robot. Listen really carefully…” Rey groaned softly and shook her head but Kylo didn’t notice, he was too busy illustrating a blocky cartoon robot. Cory copied each motion slowly, his tongue poking out of his mouth and an intense look of concentration that was 100% Rey. I have a son. Holy shit. That’s Rey’s kid. And my kid. We have a kid. Fuck. For what seemed like the hundredth time in the last half hour, Kylo reminded himself to breathe. Rey tried not to linger over her food too long. They nervously picked up conversations in between bites, catching each other up on bits and pieces of the last six years. As they finished up their meal, Cory ran off to the bathroom again and Rey kept trying to get the waiter’s attention. Kylo tilted his head at her. “Need something?” “The bill?” “Oh, I took care of it already.” Rey rolled her eyes. “Of course you did.” Kylo smirked at her. “You’re welcome.” She gave a small sigh, followed by a gentle smile. “Thanks, really. You bought my kid ten types of naan and drew him robots. I’m pretty sure he’s having a blast.” “That’s it? He’s easy to please.” “He spends all his time with Poe, Finn, or me. I think he’s just bored of us.” Kylo squinted. “Thanks? I think?” Rey chuckled at him, and they lapsed into brief silence, staring at each other. “I want to see you again. Both of you.” Rey’s heart skipped an alarming number of beats. “Uhhmm…I’ll think about it.” Kylo tried not to frown, but Rey caught it. She sighed. “It’s just…Cory has been mostly okay with not having his birth dad in his life. He’s got two dads, pretty much.” “Finn and Poe.” “Yeah, and it’s been good.” “He never asks?” Rey bit her lip. “Sometimes.” “What do you tell him?” “I just tell him the truth, more or less. I say that mommy and his birth daddy don’t get along, like cats and dogs, so we have to stay in different places.” “But that’s not even true,” Kylo protested with an edge to his voice. Rey frowned at him. “You must have a selective memory, because I remember a lot of tears and angst. I don’t want him growing up with two of the most important adults in his life always fighting.” “ You must have a selective memory, because I remember us being pretty happy. We argued, yeah. All couples argue.” Rey’s frown deepened, but her response was interrupted by Cory’s return. They exchanged tense glances before Kylo picked the bag of takeout food from Rey’s arms. “Are you guys driving there? I’ll walk you to your car.” “We were going to take the bus.” “Forget it, I’ll drive you.” Rey scrunched her face at him and Kylo sighed. “I’ll have my chauffeur drive you in my car. Better?” Rey shook her head. “More accurate. I don’t know about better.” “What’s a chaff—chauffeur?” Cory stumbled over the word. “It’s a person that rich people hire when they have too much money and don’t know what to do with it,” Rey answered dryly. “What do they do?” “They drive their cars for them.” Cory pondered this for a second. “Why don’t the rich people just drive their cars?” “I don’t know. Kylo? Care to answer?” Kylo grinned at Rey. “But then how would I turn every second of my free time into work time? Being a workaholic is hard, it requires dedication.” “What’s a work-a-hol-ic?” Cory directed his question at Kylo this time. “Someone who works a lot.” “Isn’t that good?” Kylo shot a proud look at Rey and pointedly cleared his throat. “Wonder where he gets his work ethic from.” Kylo’s driver pulled up in his black luxury car and Rey nudged Cory to the door. “Okay, that’s enough vocabulary lessons for one day.” Rey gave the driver an address and the trip was short and quiet. When they pulled up in front of Poe and Finn’s apartment, Rey held back a grimace as Kylo evaluated the area. “West Side. Very artsy.” “More like non-gentrified.” Kylo offered a small smile. “It can be both. I happen to like the West Side a lot. The best Italian place in the whole city is here.” “Yeah, Bariusso’s.” “I’ve never been there!” Cory piped up. Kylo smiled at him through the rearview mirror. “Maybe your mom will let me take you guys there sometime.” Rey shot a quick glare at the back of Kylo’s head before climbing out of the car. He undid his seat belt and started to open his door. “What are you doing?” “I’ll help you carry the food up.” “I don’t need help. It’s fine.” She glanced up at their kitchen window and groaned internally. Finn and Poe were definitely spying on them already. She groaned externally when Kylo got out of the car anyway, insisting on carrying the food to the front door. He handed her his card before she went in. “Rey, please think about what I said.” “I will. Thank you for lunch.” Kylo smiled softly and stepped closer. “I missed you.” He turned and got back into his car, and they drove away. She watched the car turn the corner and disappear, feeling rooted to the ground. Cory was already pounding up the stairs and banging on their front door. The heavy noise startled her out of her thoughts. She looked up the narrow flight of stairs and sighed. Finn and Poe were going to freak out. Chapter 3 Finn and Poe were waiting for her in the kitchen, leaning against the countertop, wearing matching smirks. “Hi guys.” Rey set the food down and took off her raincoat, very aware of their steady gazes on the back of her head. “Rey Kenobi! Don’t ‘hi guys’ us,” Finn blustered. “Who was that ?” “What was the deal with that car? And his jacket. And God, that hair!” Poe chimed in. Rey nervously eyed Cory who was in the other room unpacking toys, making sure he was out of earshot. “That was Kylo Ren.” Finn’s smirk vanished. “ What .” Rey leaned against the kitchen table, shrugging. “We ran into each other—literally—at the restaurant.” Finn’s face grew concerned. “Are you okay? Was Cory with you?” “Yeah, I’m fine, thanks for asking. Yeah, Cory was with me. He met him. Kylo knew right away.” “Oh shit,” Poe swore softly under his breath. “Yeah, oh shit.” Rey crossed her arms and slouched, suddenly feeling very tired. He put a comforting arm around her. “What are you going to do?” “I don’t know. He wants to see us again.” She stared out a window at the rain. “He’s changed a lot. Seems less…angry. But in some ways so much the same.” She smiled. “He taught Cory how to draw robot cartoons. He told me he remembers us being happy together.” Her forehead creased up, followed by another little smile. “He still does that hair thing Cory does. Kylo thought it was funny that Cory got his ears.” Poe and Finn exchanged glances. Suddenly Rey pushed away from the table, snapping out of the conversation. She walked into the other room with Cory, and the two men turned to each other. “Don’t even think about it, Poe Dameron.” “Think about what?” He protested. Finn gestured vaguely to Poe’s face. “Whatever this is. I know that look. Just leave it alone.” “Did you see the way she got when she was talking about him?” “Yeah, I did. And do you remember how shitty he was to her? There was a reason she left. A lot of reasons.” “That was six years ago. Rey said it seems like he’s changed.” Finn was shaking his head. “Shitty people don’t normally stop being shitty, they usually get worse.” “But he’s a dad now.” “Exactly. Just leave it alone, please.” Poe didn’t respond. Finn groaned. Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo felt like the next day passed with deliberate sluggishness. He jumped every time his phone rang or his assistant, Mitaka, came into his office with a message. The minutes dragged by, but no call from Rey. Tuesday blurred into Wednesday, which blurred into Thursday. Hux, infuriated by Kylo’s distraction, yelled at him more than usual, and Kylo cared less than usual. Friday morning, Kylo stomped out of his apartment in a positively vile mood. He ignored his driver’s cheerful morning greetings, instead yelling at him when they got bogged down in traffic. He closed the elevator door on a rushing pedestrian on purpose. The petty spite of it just made him feel more hideous. He stormed into his office, slamming the double doors behind him. Mitaka’s hesitant voice came through the doors. “Mr. Ren?” Kylo whipped open the door. “What?” He growled at the young man, who winced. “There’s a call for you on line one.” “Why the hell are you bothering me? Why didn’t you just ring it through?” Mitaka cowered, growing pale. “I did.” “Well I obviously didn’t hear it,” Kylo snapped. “Would you like to take the call or should I have them call back?” His assistant’s voice came out weak and thin. “Who is it?” Kylo demanded. Mitaka just shrugged. “Didn’t say.” Kylo shut the door in Mitaka’s face without a word, taking a deep breath before he picked up the phone. “Yes.” “Hello, is this Kylo Ren?” “Yes.” “Hey! Buddy!” Kylo scrambled to place the voice. “Poe?” “Yeah! Man I haven’t talked to you in so long!” Kylo was speechless. Poe was the last person he ever expected to call him. “Rey mentioned you guys ran into each other on Monday.” “She did?” Kylo said at an odd pitch. He cleared his throat. “Yes, we did, at the Indian place off 24 th and Bryant.” “She seemed really happy to see you.” “Yeah?” The odd pitch returned. “It was great to uh, catch up with her.” Kylo cleared his throat again. “So we’re all getting together tonight for dinner, and now that the whole gang is in one place again, I thought it would be nice to have a little reunion.” Poe’s voice sounded overly bright. Kylo tugged at the suddenly tight collar of his shirt. “So Rey will be there?” “Yep! She asked me if I invited you already.” Kylo was 99.9% sure that Poe was lying, but he didn’t care. “Yeah, dinner sounds great. Where and when?” “Seven at my place. Nothing too fancy.” “Okay, I’ll be there.” Kylo set down the phone, his despicable mood replaced with a hornet’s nest of anxieties. He barely paid attention to anything that happened all day, glancing obsessively at his watch. Five o’clock rolled around and he flew out of his office. “Good work today, Mitaka. Now go home!” Mitaka blanched. “But it’s only five!” “Yes, it is. Have a nice weekend!” Kylo chuckled to himself at Mitaka’s bewildered expression, then frowned. He probably hadn’t let his assistant off before eight on a Friday for months. Or wished him well. Or thanked him for anything. I’m turning into an actual Scrooge. Rey would hate that. When his driver dropped him off in front of his apartment building, he gave the man a wide smile. “Thank you Rodger! You have the weekend off. See you Monday!” Rodger’s jaw dropped, and he stared at Kylo as he climbed out of the car, waved and smiled at the doorman, and disappeared through the front doors. The doorman and Rodger shared a baffled look and Rodger shrugged through the windshield. Kylo stood in front of his closet with a daunted expression, towel slung low around his hips, his hair messy and black with moisture. He just realized his entire closet was black suits. And black shirts. And black ties and black shoes. Inspiration hit him. He dug through his dresser, throwing aside dozens of undershirts and pulled out the only grey t-shirt in the entire drawer. After hunting down his only pair of jeans (black), he pulled the least dressy button down he could find over his t-shirt, rolling the sleeves up in an attempt to look casual. He evaluated his reflection in the mirror, biting his lip and snorting in derision. “I can’t believe I’m wearing this shirt,” he muttered to himself. Rey hummed while she flitted around her sunny house. Cory was sprawled across her bed, playing with an assortment of dolls and dinosaurs. She caught sight of the clock face over the mantle of the fireplace that joined one of her bedroom walls with the living room. “Oh Lord, Poe will be here any second. Cory, quick, what should I wear?” Cory dug through the haphazard piles of her clothing, pushing aside various items and tugged on a gauzy cream dress. “This.” Rey squinted at him briefly. “You sure?” “Yes.” She shrugged. Coincidence. She pulled on the floaty dress and patted her belly. “Can’t believe this still fits. Can’t believe I’m wearing this dress.” A honk sounded in front of their house. “That’s Poe.” After pulling her hair up into messy buns, and yanking on a loose cardigan, she grabbed her stuff and whisked Cory out of the door. Kylo straightened his shirt again, unrolling and re-rolling his sleeves, growling when he couldn’t get them to look even. Fuck you, sleeves. Peals of laughter and warm light spilled out into the landing. He shifted a bottle of 1996 Cos d’Estournel to one arm, and knocked firmly on Poe and Finn’s door. Finn opened the door and his jaw dropped. Poe pushed his frozen husband out of the doorway. “Kylo! We are so glad you made it!” Poe reached out to hug him as Kylo reached out to shake his hand. “Ah, oh, okay…” Kylo awkwardly returned the hug. Finn had recovered, and was shooting Poe frustrated looks, his mouth set in a harsh line. “Hi Kylo,” Finn said coolly. Kylo pushed his hair back. “It’s been a while.” Rey walked into the kitchen from the patio to see what all the noise was about. When she saw Kylo, excitement flared in her stomach, quickly replaced with unease. Kylo stared at Rey, stunned into silence at the sight of her. She was backlit by the glowing sheen of the evening sun and the light brought out hints of auburn in her hair. She was wearing a flowy dress. He flashed back to the first time he saw her in it. (Eight years before) “Ah, shit, we’re late. Sorry Kylo.” Poe swung open the door to the bar, his voice dipping to a whisper as they stepped inside. “You’re gonna love her. Her voice is incredible.” The main room was dark and tables were clustered in a half circle around a small, raised stage. A man played an acoustic guitar off to one side. In the center stood a young woman, looking not much younger than him. Her golden skin, wrapped in a flowing cream dress, glowed under the warm spotlights. She cupped the microphone in her hands, and her eyes held a faraway look as she gently swayed to the music. She was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. “Maybe now everything will be so clear, you shed a light into this empty space,” she crooned. Her voice, smoky and sweet, struck Kylo to his core. “And all I am, all I have doesn’t even matter now. I can’t understand why I feel this way, but I do, I do.” He watched her, completely entranced. He soaked up every word of the song, feeling utterly disappointed when it ended. “Thank you everyone, I’m Rey, and that’s Finn on the guitar, and we’ll be right back after a short break.” Her charming accent and bright voice was a pleasant juxtaposition to her sultry singing voice. Kylo was distantly aware of Poe asking him what he wanted to drink, his eyes never leaving Rey as she and Finn threaded through groups of chatting people. She saw Poe first, then her eyes slid to Kylo. They locked gazes as she reached them. Poe jumped to introduce them. “Rey, Finn, this is Kylo. He’s that piano player I was telling you about. Kylo, this is Finn, my boyfriend, and Rey, our rising star.” A hint of color crept into Rey’s cheeks and she smiled. “Stop, Poe, you’re embarrassing me.” She offered her hand to Kylo. “It’s nice to meet you, Kylo.” “The pleasure is all mine,” He responded, internally cringing. Very nice. Very 18 th century. Maybe you should kiss her hand. “We’re going to get drinks,” Poe announced, dragging away his protesting boyfriend. Rey stepped closer to Kylo to let someone pass behind her. She tipped her head up to look at him. “Wow, you’re really tall.” He raked a hand through his hair as a teasing smile lit his face. “Oh? I hadn’t noticed.” Rey blushed again. “What a silly thing to say. I bet you get that all the time.” He shrugged. “At least you didn’t ask me why I’m so tall.” Rey grinned, and Kylo’s breath escaped him. “People actually say that?” “Yeah,” he forced out. “Pretty dumb.” She nodded with another grin. “I like your shirt,” she complimented him. Kylo glanced down at his grey t-shirt with STAR WARS emblazoned across the top and a scene from Episode IV artfully splashed beneath it in bold hues. “Thanks. I’m a fan.” “Obviously.” Rey gave a wide smile. “I am too.” “What did you think of the new one?” “Well, it’s Star Wars, so I loved it," she chuckled. “Who was your favorite new character?” Rey winced. “Ooooh, that’s too hard. Hmm, probably Adam Driver. He’s such a fantastic villain. All that inner turmoil just makes him so much more interesting. And he was clearly obsessed with Daisy.” Kylo smirked. “Sounds like you have a thing for bad boys.” She covered her face with one hand. “Is it that obvious?” ‘Mmm, yeah,” he chuckled. A group walked between them, forcing them apart. When the people passed, they both stepped closer, standing barely two feet apart now. Rey thought Kylo smelled amazing, like juniper, soap, and something sweet and slightly musky. She subtly took another deep breath. Their eyes never left each other’s faces. “Your voice is exquisite,” Kylo murmured to her. Exquisite? Okay, Mr. Darcy. “Thanks.” Rey’s reply was breathy. “Do you want a drink?” He offered, hooking a thumb at the bar. “I’d love one.” Kylo followed slightly behind her, and she felt his hand brush the small of her back as he guided her through the crowd. She thought she was going to melt right there. As they stood in front of the bar, Rey was sharply aware of his chest, just inches behind her shoulder. She glanced up at his face, startled to see he was watching her and not looking at the bar selection. “Pick your poison,” Kylo said with a crooked smile. “Tall, dark, and handsome.” “I don’t see that-OH, oh, oh…” Kylo stuttered, turning tomato red to the tips of his ears. Rey curled up inside with delight at how adorably awkward he was. He recovered quickly. “No one has ever said anything that cheesy to me before.” Rey threw her head back and laughed. “But I love cheese.” Kylo shook his head with mock consternation. Suddenly Finn appeared beside them. “THERE you are. We have to go back up!” He pulled on Rey’s arm, attempting to tow her to the stage. She reached back and grabbed Kylo’s hand. “Get a gin fizz and save it for me?” “Of course.” Her hand slipped from his, and she followed Finn, skipping up the stage steps. His hand tingled. Kylo wasn’t sure if he believed in love at first sight, but it only took one more song for him to realize he was in love with her. (present) The memory was as vivid in Kylo’s mind as if it happened yesterday. His heart twisted. After that first night, they were together almost constantly. Cuddled together under blankets on the beach at night, hiding in the corner of a bar, snuggled on a couch, sprawled in the grass under the hot sun, ignoring the world as they fell irreparably in love with each other. Rey didn’t know what to do. She calmly greeted him, listening and occasionally adding to the small talk they made about business and the weather. She never expected him to be back in her life. Not now, and not like this. Memories inundated her, especially of the night they met. She almost couldn’t believe he had the same shirt on. Part of her fumed about his unexpected arrival. She was positive Poe was to blame. But another part of her, the part filling her with butterflies, was just happy to see him. She had missed him, she admitted to herself. She refused to think about how much. “Mr. Ren!” Cory enthusiastically greeted him. “Hey, kid.” Cory gasped, pointing at his shirt. “Do you want to play Star Wars with me?” Kylo looked pleased. “Yeah, that sounds fun.” Cory grabbed his hand, leading him into another room. Kylo cast an anxious glance over his shoulder at Rey, who smiled encouragingly at him. As soon as they were around the corner, Finn turned to Poe, who was beaming after father and son. “Dear, can I please talk to you privately?” Finn said through gritted teeth. Poe cast a pleading look at Rey, who threw up her hands. “Nope, I’m staying out of this one.” She grabbed the wine, a corkscrew, and an enormous glass and returned to the patio. “Poe! I can’t believe you-well, no I can-but how could you just do that without asking? You can’t just invite an ex-boyfriend slash baby daddy over and not expect something to happen!” “Exactly!” “What!?” “I expect something to happen. Finn, I know you disagree with me, but look at them!” Poe and Finn leaned over to peer through the doorway. Kylo was sprawled out on the floor next to Cory, who marched little Stormtroopers towards a Harrison Ford action figure that was inexplicably tangled up in twine. Kylo flew a sailboat through the air, making TIE fighter noises. He exclaimed something that was unintelligible to them and Cory giggled. They leaned back and Finn huffed. He couldn’t disagree that the two already seemed fond of each other. Then he shook his head. “But what about Kylo and Rey?” Poe shrugged. “I guess we’ll deal with it when we get there.” “Maybe they can figure out how to be friends. Let's not encourage anything.” “Uh huh.” The group settled into dinner. Wine was poured, food passed around. The sun set and long strings of twinkle lights lit the patio and softened the edges of everything. The balmy spring air soothed Rey’s nerves. The wine helped, too. Finn and Poe started to recount stories of the group’s band days together. “Kylo, do you remember when your keyboard stand collapsed mid-show?” Poe chuckled. Kylo dramatically scowled. “Yes. And you guys wouldn’t stop laughing! We had to stop in the middle of a song because Rey was laughing so hard she couldn’t sing.” “Because you couldn’t get it back together, it just kept falling, over and over. You turned bright red. Like a volcano.” The description garnered a giggle from Cory. Kylo colored a little. “The latch broke!” He protested. Rey rolled her eyes. “Uh huh.” “You’re one to talk, Rey. Remember the time you dropped a box on your own head while unloading the van?” She groaned. “Yes! It hurt so badly. And then I couldn’t remember the set list.” “You started the wrong song five times,” Poe snorted. Kylo was frowning. “I can’t believe you didn’t tell us about that until after the show. You should have been at the doctor!” Rey laughed at his grumpy tone. “Are you still mad I didn’t tell you right away?” “YES.” “You’re ridiculous,” Rey responded, but she was grinning at him. They added story after story, laughing harder each time. “What time is it?” Rey wondered out loud, wiping tears from her eyes. “10:30,” Kylo told her. She gasped. “Cory, it’s way past your bedtime! We’ve got to get you home.” Finn saw Poe bit his lip, and it made him nervous. “Rey, if you think this is late, I won’t tell you what time we go to bed during sleepovers,” Poe snickered. “I haven’t had a sleepover in a long time,” Cory said mournfully. Poe grinned slyly. “We should have one tonight! We’re practically half way there.” Cory lit up. “Sleep over! Sleep over! Sleep over!” Finn narrowed his eyes at Poe. “Besides,” Poe added, “I think I’ve had too much wine to drive.” Rey frowned. “How am I supposed to get home?” Cory was still chanting ‘sleep over’ in the background. Kylo cleared his throat. “I can take you, I drove tonight.” Rey looked apprehensive. Poe smiled again. “Excellent! Cory, Finn, and I will get some guy time, and Rey, you get a ride home and a house all to yourself.” I’m going to kill you , Finn mouthed silently to Poe, who pretended not to see. Rey sighed. “I suppose.” Cory cheered. He hopped up to his mom and planted a kiss on her cheek. “Bye Mom! I love you!” He turned to Kylo next, throwing his thin arms around his neck. “Bye, Kylo! Can we play Star Wars again soon?” Kylo chuckled. “Yeah, of course.” Rey looked sharply at her son with raised brows. “It’s Kylo now?” Kylo shifted. “I told him to call me that. Mr. Ren just feels..impersonal.” Rey gave him a long look. “Don’t give me that,” he told her. “Give you what?” “The mom look.” “I am not!” “You definitely are.” Finn broke in. “Rey, your mom look is scary as…” He glanced at Cory. “…Heck.” Rey got a mischievous look. “Scary…hmm I’ll keep that in mind.” Kylo gestured to the table. “You want help cleaning up?” Poe waved him off. “You gotta get Rey home, she’s the one that needs the early bed time. “I remember,” Kylo almost said. They said their goodbyes and thankyous and made their way Kylo’s car. The drive was filled with awkward pauses. He flipped through songs on his phone every other minute, almost jumping when Rey touched his hand. “Stop. You know that bugs me. Just pick one.” He handed her the phone. “You pick.” She frowned at the phone. “How long have you had this?” “Like a year?” “You still have the factory wallpaper.” Kylo shrugged. “I don’t really have anything to put on it.” “No pictures of friends? Pets?” He shook his head. “Girlfriends?” “No girlfriends,” he said crossly. A moment passed. “Ever?” Rey asked softly. “No one that mattered.” Rey bit her lip and looked out the window. “What about you?” His voice was tight. She shook her head. “We moved around so much, it makes it kind of hard. And most guys don’t want to date someone with a kid already.” Kylo nodded in understanding, but Rey knew those things weren’t the true reason she hadn’t been in a real relationship in six years. They rode the rest of the way in silence. When they pulled up to Rey’s house, he surveyed the exterior with a slight smile. Rey watched his gaze move over the gabled roof, wide windows, and blossoming rose vines wrapped around the front porch. “It’s charming,” he told her. She scoffed. “I know it’s not some immaculate penthouse but-“ “Rey,” he broke in, his face earnest. “I mean it. It’s adorable. I love it.” “Oh,” she said, voice small. “You want to come in for a drink for something?” She asked shyly. “I’ll give you a tour of all three of our rooms.” Kylo felt a fluttering in his chest. “Sure.” Rey kicked off her shoes inside the door, and Kylo lined his up in a neat row next to them. All the windows were wide open, and the sweet scent of blooming roses swept in on a warm breeze. Rey flipped on a couple lights as she walked into the kitchen and surveyed her small wine rack. “We don’t really have anything fancy,” she called out. “I really don’t mind, Rey.” His sonorous voice came close over her shoulder and she jumped. “I don’t know anything about wine,” he confessed. “You brought a lovely, very expensive vintage to dinner.” He shrugged with a crooked smile. “Assistant picked it out.” She snorted derisively, shaking her head and picking a bottle at random. Kylo reached over her, trapping her between his arms, face-to-face. She sharply inhaled, eyes flickering to his lips, just inches from her own. He opened up a cupboard and pulled out two wine glasses, then stepped away from her. He laughed at her incredulous expression. “You always kept the wine glasses wherever was closest to the wine. Lucky guess.” He looked around her kitchen, evaluating the items on the counter while chewing his lip. “And the corkscrew is in here,” he predicted, opening a drawer adjacent to the oven. He pulled out a corkscrew with a flourish. “Ah ha!” Rey was laughing now. “That’s almost creepy.” Kylo grinned at her. “You can be very predictable.” “Old habits, you know?” Kylo uncorked the wine, standing closer than necessary to fill her glass. They leaned against the counters in the kitchen for a while, chatting about Kylo’s work and Rey’s plans for the house. “My bedroom is a pretty big mess right now, one of the walls is exposed brick, except I think it’s too exposed.” “Oh? I could help you work on that if you want.” “But I love the way it looks right now,” Rey responded, starting down the short hallway towards her room. Kylo peered into Cory’s room as they passed, smiling at the excessive number of Star Wars posters on the wall. He wasn’t watching his steps, and bumped into Rey, nearly knocking her over. He grabbed her shoulders and pulled her towards him instinctively. “I forgot how clumsy you are,” Rey muttered. “You told me it was endearing!” Rey smiled faintly. “It is.” She flipped the light switch and the bulb flashed and then died. “Damn,” she grumbled, then sighed. “Burned out. Of course I don’t have any extra bulbs around.” “I’ll change it for you tomorrow.” She gaped at him. “I don’t need you to change my lightbulbs!” He glanced meaningfully at the high ceiling. “Do you have a ladder?” She grimaced. “No.” He gestured to his tall frame. "Human ladder." Rey rolled her eyes, then pointed to a wall, and Kylo squinted at it. Even in the dim light from the hallway, he could see the brick needed heavy repairs. He poked and prodded at it, testing certain parts. “This wouldn't be hard to fix but I’d have to round up some tools.” “Why don’t you just ask your dad?” Kylo snorted, his expression dark. “Yeah, I’ll just call him up. ‘Hey Dad! Sorry I haven’t talked to you in a year, can I borrow your shit?” Rey’s mouth twisted up. “It’s really been that long?” Kylo turned back to the wall, scraping at the grout with one finger. “Yeah, and it didn’t go well. I don’t think he and my mom will ever get over what I did.” Rey laid a hand on his upper arm, lightly squeezing, pulling him to face her. “Why don’t you just tell them you’re sorry?” He shook his head and swallowed. “It’s too late,” he said despondently. He met her gaze and they looked at each other in silence for several minutes. “I missed you,” he said in a near-whisper, his voice husky. “I missed you too,” Rey whispered. Her voice wavered. “Still do.” He brushed the back of his hand against her cheek, and she leaned into his touch, resting a hand on his chest. He slipped an arm around her waist and pulled her close, wrapping both arms around her. She laid her head on his chest and breathed in deeply, taking in his scent. She forgot how big he felt around her, strong and impenetrable. She wanted to curl up in his arms and forget the world. He pulled back from her and cupped one side of her face in his hand. Her heart felt like it was about to leap out of her chest and her breath grew shallow. He ran his thumb back and forth along the curve of her bottom lip. Heat pooled between her thighs and her limbs trembled. Unable to resist any longer, Rey raised up on her toes, tilting her face up to his. Their lips met, the kiss hesitant. Then instinct took over, and he tightened her body to him, crushing his lips against hers. She opened her mouth in response, curling one hand into his hair and yanking him down against her with the other. Their kisses grew harder, more desperate. He kissed her greedily, running his hands along her curves with starving hands. Kylo forgot how good she tasted, sweet and hot. Their kisses were broken only when Rey took the hem of his shirt and ripped it over his head. He roughly shoved the shoulders of her dress off and pulled it down around her waist, his hands cupping her unclothed breasts. She wriggled out of it the rest of the way, yanking her underwear off with it, and kicked them aside. She went to her knees, kissing and licking her way down his neck and torso first, while she grazed her nails along his back. She sprinkled kisses along his hips as she undid his pants, pulling them and his boxers off at the same time. She gasped when he reached down and pulled her up by the shoulders. He slid his hands around her, palming her ass before moving to the curve of her thighs. Then he swung her up, hitching her against his hips. She wrapped her legs around him, thrilling at the feel of his flat abdomen against her clit. She ground into him, groaning at the pressure. He wrapped one large hand around the back of her neck, pulling her closer to grasp its soft skin between his teeth. She shivered as he sucked and kissed down to the hollow of her neck, then back up to her lips again. She wove fingers into his hair, yanking him to her for a bruising, wide-mouthed kiss that lasted forever. He carried her to her dresser, sweeping aside the few items on top, and set her down on it. He pulled her to the edge, lining up their hips. He gave her a positively wicked grin, his brown eyes dark and wide in the low light. Then he sank into her, rocking his hips up to slide his length along every part of her. Rey inhaled sharply at the pressure, she forgot how big he was. One hand moved to grasp his back, digging her nails into his skin as she bucked her hips up against his. He thrusted into her, a little harder and faster each time. She gripped the edge of the dresser with her other hand to give her purchase, allowing her to grind her hips up every time Kylo pushed into her. He groaned loudly, a long, deep sound that rumbled through Rey’s body and sent thrills through her. “Ah, fuck, Kylo,” Rey breathed. He let out another toe-curling moan, pumping into her deeper and harder. He leaned forward briefly, his whisper hot in her ear. “Say my name.” “Kylo,” she moaned. God, he'd missed that sound. Rey, writhing and wet under his touch, saying his name like a plea and a curse, begging for more. He felt her clamp down around him and he almost came right then, but he wanted to feel her come first. He slowed down his pace just enough to steady a finger against her clit. He rubbed in soft circles while he fucked her, her gasps and cries bringing him closer and closer to coming. “Come for me, Rey,” his tone almost pleading. Rey knew he wanted to see her come undone, shaking and shouting his name. Part of her wanted to stretch it out, keep it from him, but God she wanted it. One more flick of his finger and pump of his cock in her tight cunt and she was drowning in heat and pure ecstasy, crying out his name. Kylo swore when he felt her flutter around him, following her over the edge. Rey bucked her hips up, riding his orgasm with him and reveled in the feeling of him pulsing into her. They collapsed against each other, panting and satisfied. Kylo cupped her face in both hands, pressing into a long, deep kiss, before picking her up and carrying her to her bed. They crawled under the covers, kissing and laughing, and found their favorite cuddling position like they had never been apart. Notes: Rey's song is I Do by Susie Suh. Listen to it, it's melt-worthy. Chapter 5 Rey woke to sunshine. As she opened her eyes, the previous night flooded back to her and she groaned. Then she reached out for Kylo, but her arm hit empty sheets. She sat up, calling out for him, then padded into the kitchen. “Kylo?” The house was silent. She fumed, Of course, got a nice romp and then he’s off. Probably at the bloody office. The wanker! Rey stomped to the bathroom, roughly brushing her teeth while she waited for the shower to warm. She was in the middle of rinsing her hair when she heard the front door slam. “Rey?” “In here!” Rey peeked her head around the sliding shower door. “I thought you left.” “I did, I went to get us breakfast, and this.” He held up a package of lightbulbs. “Oh.” She felt guilty. “I thought you left left.” Hurt flashed on Kylo’s face. “I wouldn’t do that,” he said, stepping just inside the shower to pull her to him for a kiss. A second kiss led to a third, and soon she was pressed hard against him, naked and soaking. “I’m getting your shirt all wet,” she half-protested, eyeing his chest. “You could just take it off,” Kylo smirked as she quickly obeyed. “I’m getting your pants all wet too,” she murmured wryly. In a few seconds Kylo’s clothes were a pile on the floor and he stood before her, naked again. Rey traced the hard planes of his chest while he nibbled on her ear. He grabbed her hips, pulling her against him. She groaned at his hard cock pressing into her flat stomach. Suddenly, he turned her around, grinding his cock against the curve of her ass while he reached from behind, pressing two fingers into her slit. He teased her clit with his other hand, savoring every one of her sighs and shudders. Soon Rey was squirming against him, legs weak, moaning. She reached out to steady herself against the shower wall in front of her and Kylo leaned, adding sucking kisses along her neck, enjoying the water running in rivulets down her pert breasts. She ground her hips against his groin, feeling every stroke of his hand sear through her. Finally, she broke. “Kylo,” she gasped, “I want you inside of me.” He smirked and pinched a nipple with his other hand, tweaking it gently between his fingers until she begged. “Please,” she panted. He dipped into her again, gliding a finger along her clit until she gasped. She was shaking in earnest now, pushing into him with every inch of her body as she rose closer to climax. The sounds she made were driving Kylo over the edge. He spun her around, picked her up, and hitched her against his hips. Her cheeks glowed hotly and her eyes were glassy. Carefully, he stepped out of the shower. “What are you doing?” She asked, in between landing bites and kisses along his jaw. “Remember last time?” He said, eyeing the slender scar on her shoulder from the shower door. Rey grinned against his mouth and laughed. “Yes.” “I’d rather skip the ER today.” He gently fell back onto her bed, pulling her on top of him. She wasted no time, positioning herself over. She took him into her, moaning as his shaft stretched her tight. Kylo gasped and his head fell back as she set immediately into a wild pace. She rode hard, breathing a quiet “fuck,” every time his head breached her g-spot. She clenched around him and they both groaned. She dug her nails into his chest, his recoil of pain pushed his rough cock up into her even harder. He kneaded her breasts and then gripped her hips, sinking his fingers into their toned curves. The bruising pressure of his hands hurt but she arched her back, allowing the pain to mix in with the ecstasy. She shook more with every thrust. The water from the shower cooled on their skin, chilling their skin and heightening each bite, scratch, pulsing penetration. “I want to feel you fucking come,” Rey growled at him, and he almost did. Kylo reached a hand down, rubbing her clit. Rey keeled over onto him, and they came together, Kylo moaning her name as she shivered and fluttered around him. She buried her face in his neck as he exhaled, enjoying the view of her back and ass bent over him, his cock softening in her. She was panting still--long, satisfied breaths. Kylo pressed his hand into hers, and breathed in the smell of her hair amidst their sweat and sex. Finally, she slipped off, nestling on the bed next to him. “I have to go get Cory,” she sighed. “I can take you.” She shook her head. “I’ll drive.” His eyebrows furrowed. “Why are you taking the bus and getting rides from Poe if you have a car?” “It’s a junker. 23 years old. Like 270,000 miles on it. It’s not safe, I don’t feel good driving Cory around in it. "Why don't you just get a new one?" Rey snorted. “Yeah, okay, I’ll just go get that $6,000 I have laying around.” Her tone was biting. “So let me drive you.” “No, Kylo.” Rey swung off the bed and started rummaging through her dresser for something to wear. He propped himself up on his elbows to watch her dress. “Why not?” Rey scoffed. “You really need to ask? I don’t want to explain to Cory why I left with you last night and also came back with you this morning.” “Tell him I picked you up.” “You live clear on the other side of town.” “He won’t know that.” Rey huffed, shoving her wet hair into a bun. “Just, no, Kylo, okay? Stop pushing.” “I’m not pushing!” Kylo got up from the bed. “Yes you are, you always push! I bet you’re going to ask me again to spend time with Cory and me.” “Well, I should be spending time with him.” “You’re practically a stranger,” Rey countered. “I’m his father!” Kylo’s voice rose, and his neck crawled with the prickly sensation he got right before he lost his temper. She let out a derisive laugh. “No, you’re just some guy who bought us lunch and came to dinner.” Her words stung. “And whose fault is it that I’m just some guy, Rey?” She didn’t answer, going into the bathroom. He followed, growing angrier by the second. “You should have told me, I could’ve been there.” Rey actually started laughing, a cold, bitter sound. “Kylo, you have never been there for me.” His jaw clenched, and his hands shook a little. Hurt raced through him, quickly washed out by fury. “I could have at least helped out with the bills.” “Throw money at it, of course that’s what you’d do.” Rey stared, then shook her head with another harsh laugh. She picked up his clothes, throwing them at his chest. “You haven’t changed at all. This was a mistake. I think you should go.” Kylo didn’t argue, but only because he was too angry to talk. He dressed quickly and stomped out of the house, slamming the door so hard the whole front wall shuddered. Rey heard a loud rustling noise, followed by a string of swear words, then his car start and peel away with screeching tires. She sat on her bed, putting her face into her hands, and burst into tears. After a few minutes, she wiped her face and sighed. “Don’t let him do this to you,” she told her red-eyed reflection in her dresser mirror. She moped into the kitchen, where she found a bag of delicate pastries and two cups of coffee. She pulled the lids off, they had cooled considerably. One was black – Kylo’s. She took a sip from the other and almost started crying again. It was perfect, exactly how she liked it. It made her furious. She went to dump it out, then stopped. “Shouldn’t waste perfectly good coffee.” She angrily sipped all the way to Poe and Finn’s, swearing and growling as her ancient car whined, rumbled, and smoked. Kylo was not much better. His hands shook on the wheel and his right leg stung and bled from where he’d kicked one of Rey’s rose bushes. He smiled grimly to himself – kicking a thorned plant was among one of the dumber things he’d done while angry. He still wanted to break something, but instead he drove straight to his office. The building was deserted. Nearly alone in a 35 story building, he buried himself in paperwork and reports for the rest of the day. Poe and Finn were eating blueberry pancakes with Cory on the patio when they heard Rey stomp up the stairs, followed by the crash of their front door shutting violently. Finn’s head snapped to Poe, and he pointed an accusatory finger. “What did I tell you? This is your mess, you better fix it.” Poe looked morose. “Cory, why don’t you go pack your things?” Poe suggested. The child obliged, stopping on the way to give his mom a hug and kiss. As soon as he left the kitchen, her cheerful façade crumbled. Poe and Finn carried dishes in, casting nervous glances at her, waiting for her to talk. Instead she pushed Poe aside and started vigorously scrubbing dishes. “I’m so stupid,” she spat, slamming a soapy dish down onto another. “What happened, Rey?” Finn asked, voice kind. She clanged more dishes around. “We fucked and then we fought. That’s all we ever do.” “That’s not true,” Poe objected. Finn glared at him. Rey’s shoulders slumped and she stared at the hot water splashing off a plate. “No,” she sighed. “You’re right.” Poe flashed Finn a smug look, to which he rolled his eyes. Rey resumed her assault on the dishes. “But I can’t just think about the good stuff. Even if it was really good stuff.” Rey blushed and looked at her two best friends. "I blame Poe,” she declared, pointing a soapy hand at him. “What did Poe do?” The question came from Cory, who hauled a heavy backpack half his bodyweight into the kitchen. Rey gawked as she hefted the bag. “What in the fu—Cory, what is in here? Dead animals?” Cory rolled his eyes in a very Finn-like manner and she decided he needed some more friends. “Finn gave me some books.” “Feels like he bought half the store,” Rey grumbled. Finn colored. “Just four. Or five. Maybe six.” Rey pursed her lips. “You guys are spoiling him.” “It’s our job!” Poe grinned. “Don’t think you’re off scot-free,” Rey growled at Poe as she ushered Cory to the door. “Stop meddling. Everyone stop meddling!” Finn sputtered. “I had nothing to do with this!” “What’s meddling?” Cory inquired. “Something never to do to our friends,” Rey answered as they started down the stairs, raising her voice for Poe and Finn’s benefit. Monday morning, Kylo smothered a yawn as she watched Hux negotiate with the board of Imperial Technologies. Snoke proposed the friendly takeover nearly a year before. Hux, ever the ass-kissing fanboy, immediately agreed with Snoke. Kylo was more neutral about it, saying they should be cautious, but really, he didn’t care. Imperial Tech was a powerhouse, but they had run into trouble more than once for poor quality control, especially with their Stormtrooper guidance systems, which were notoriously inaccurate. While the prospect of owning Stormtrooper tech was enticing, Kylo didn’t relish the idea of having to overhaul the entire QA department. He finally had the First Order’s QA up to his personal standards, a feat of which he was very proud. From the rest of the meeting attendees’ perspectives, Kylo appeared to be thoughtfully jotting notes in his leather-bound notebook. “Fuck fuck fuck fuckity fuck, Hux is a little prick.” Kylo scribbled in his bold, all-caps handwriting. Snoke looked at Kylo and narrowed his eyes with a bit of a smirk, like he knew what Kylo was doing. Kylo was on the other end of the conference table, but he closed his notebook anyway with a little shiver. Snoke always seemed to know, it was like he had special powers. Snoke would be a Sith lord or something, Kylo mused, trying not to smile. The meeting dragged for another two and a half hours. At the end of the meeting, Imperial Technologies announced they favored the merger, but wanted more information. After they left, Snoke told Kylo to prepare a comprehensive report on the timeline and general logistics of merging departments by the next meeting in a month. Kylo ticked off the departments in his head. Design, development, testing, quality, production… He wanted to cry a little. Or punch holes in some office walls. Maybe both. Sometimes he wondered why he was COO of one of the biggest tech companies west of Chicago. I could be writing music and jamming with the rest of The Resistance right now. He slogged through hours of reports, conference calls, and organizing information in preparation for the next meeting. All day, Rey’s voice echoed in his head. “ Kylo, you have never been there for me.” Every time, the hurt was as fresh as when she first said it. He tried to repress memories of their past fights and falling outs. Maybe Rey was right. When he got home and set his keys on the counter, the sound rattled though his spacious penthouse apartment. He stood in semi-darkness for a few minutes, evaluating the cold, open space. The industrial minimalism and dark colors usually felt refined and clean to him, but today it just felt empty. He poured an excessively large glass of bourbon before sitting down at his grand piano and playing the most depressing song he could think of. As he moved into the next song, he tried not to think about how Rey and Cory’s voices would sound as they rose in happy chatter, the contented buzz filling his empty home. Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey looked in voiceless horror at Snap’s hands. Finn was running his hands through his close-cropped hair, muttering “No, no, no, no.” Poe looked on in grim resignation. Rey finally found her voice. “How did this happen?” “A house fell on me.” “A house ?!” “I was helping my brother with his renovations and one of the support beams snapped. A bunch of stuff fell on me and squished my hands. Guess it wasn’t very supportive,” Snap explained, examining his brightly colored casts. “How many bones are broken?” Snap started silently counting, mouthing off the numbers. Then he shrugged. “A lot.” Rey slumped forward on the ratty couch in her garage. “We have a show at First Ave in two weeks. It’s already sold out!” Snap shrugged again. “You’re going to have to find a replacement.” Finn, Poe, and Snap exchanged knowing looks. Rey immediately caught on, gaping at them. “Oh no. You can’t be serious.” “He’s the only other person that could do it on such short notice,” Poe insisted. Rey vehemently shook her head. Finn’s mouth twisted. “I absolutely hate to say this, but he’s right.” “Thanks, honey,” Poe said dryly. Finn rolled his eyes. They all stared at each other. Finally Rey gave in, letting out a strangled growl. “Bloody hell. Fine! I’ll call him. But I hate you all. Especially you, Snap!” Snap attempted naivety. “How is this my fault?” Rey made another angry noise in the back of her throat. “You depend on your hands for a living. No more construction!” Snap rubbed Rey’s upper arm consolingly. “It’s going to be okay.” “Not likely,” she snapped, as she stormed away to call Kylo. Kylo sat cross-legged on the floor of his living room, papers and empty cups of coffee spread out around him, hair mussed. His cellphone buzzed and he almost ignored it, figuring it was Hux pestering him with something or another. “It’s too late for this shit,” he grumbled, before answering without looking at the screen. “What.” “Um, hi?” Kylo’s stomach dropped. “Rey?” “Yeah.” Kylo worked his mouth, struggling to think of something to say. Rey beat him to it. “We need you to play the keys. Snap broke all the bones in his hands. We have a huge show at First Ave in two weeks.” Kylo didn’t know what to say. “Finn and Poe are okay with this?” “It was their idea,” she stated, in a tone that clearly communicated “And absolutely not mine.” “Are you okay with this?” He ventured. “I don’t think I really have a choice.” Ouch. He licked his lips. “Okay, when and where?” “We practice every night at my house, be there at 7.” “Every night??” “Yeah, every night, you must remember what it’s like.” He sighed. “I do, it’s just – work is really intense right now.” “So are you in or not?” Rey sounded impatient. “I’m in. I’ll be there tomorrow.” “Good. Don’t fuck this up.” Rey hung up without another word, fuming. She couldn’t even blame Poe for interfering this time. She had the whole universe to blame for this. Fate has a sick sense of humor. The next night, Kylo stood in front of Rey’s house, running his clammy hands on his jeans. He wasn’t sure whether to knock on the front door or the garage. He berated himself for not asking Rey for music ahead of time, or whether to bring his own keyboard, or any of the other basic things he needed to know. In the end, he didn’t have to decide, because the garage door creaked up, revealing the band members clustered inside. “Hi Kylo!” Poe cheerfully called out, waving him in. Fat raindrops dripped off the door, plunking on Kylo’s neck as he stepped inside. Rey didn’t look up from where she was tuning her guitar. “Sick of this weather. It’s May! It’s too cold and rainy.” She sounded very crabby. “I kind of like it,” Kylo said, immediately biting his lip as Rey frowned at him. “You should be living in Seattle,” she muttered, half to herself. “Hey Snap, how you been?” Kylo attempted a nonchalant tone. Snap was stretched out on the couch, looking glum. “I have less unbroken bones than I did last I saw you,” he lamented, holding up his hands. “But other than that, pretty good! It’s nice to be back home. Missed my family and stuff.” “Seems like people who grow up here always come back,” Kylo remarked, eyeing Rey. “Minnesota is pretty good place,” Snap added. “Okay enough small talk, we need to get moving,” Rey barked crossly. “Snap’s going to get you up to speed. There’s the keyboard. Kylo, you’re going to have to do synth too.” She pointed Kylo to one side of the garage. Snap followed Kylo over, standing behind one shoulder as Kylo surveyed the keyboard and electronic equipment. “Okay, we’re starting with ’24.’” Rey instructed them. “Do you have music or something?” Kylo urgently asked Snap. “Ummm, somewhere. I’ll get it for you after practice.” Kylo paled. “But how am I supposed to play?” “Just chill, it’s fine. Listen for the first few rounds, I’ll tell you what to play.” “Could you write it down or something?” Snap scowled at him and Kylo winced. “Oh right, sorry.” Snap pulled up the synth tracks on the computer, carefully poking keys one at a time with his thumb. Rey and the others launched into the song, a mid-tempo number with a soft synth track. Kylo didn’t listen closely to the first verse, trying to pick up the flow of the group. When Rey got to the chorus, Kylo tuned into the actual lyrics, then felt like he was punched in the stomach. “And I’m 24 hours gone, And I’ve thought of you during every single one And in 24 days, or 24 weeks, or 24 months, I know that will be 24 days, or weeks, or months, That I thought of you during every single one.” Rey only sang, hands wrapped around the microphone and moving to the beat while her guitar was on a stand nearby. She avoided Kylo’s gaze while she sang. “This song is about you,” Snap stage-whispered into Kylo’s ear. “Yeah, thanks, I kind of caught that part.” Snap flashed him a sympathetic look. Rey wrote nearly all their lyrics, and Kylo realized several of their songs were about their relationship, but listening to her sing them in person wasn’t something he prepared for. He tried to focus on his instructions for the rest of the practice and not think about the lyrics. After about an hour, Kylo had actually started playing. Rey tried not to watch while he focused on the keys with intense concentration, his brows drawn into a shallow V. At some point, he’d rolled up the sleeves of his shirt. Rey tried not to smile, they were always unevenly rolled. She followed the curve of his biceps down to his forearms; they still had the finely muscled lines of a musician. His eyes flickered up and he caught her staring at him, but she didn’t look away. She kept singing while they looked at each other and Rey felt like she was 20 again, watching Kylo play the songs they wrote and sang together. She missed his voice and wondered if she should write his vocals back into some of the songs. She brushed the thought off. This wasn’t permanent, she reminded herself. And the future of The Resistance was unsteady now that they were all back in their home state, with Finn and Poe buying a condo and looking for full time work. Rey didn’t know where they were all going, but she knew they would be together. The thought was bittersweet. By the end of the practice, Kylo was exhausted. Rey kept up a punishing pace, having them redo songs and verses over and over until she was satisfied with the sound. As they packed up, Kylo sidled over to Rey. “How’d I do?” It was the second thing he’d said to her directly all night. She glanced at him out of the corner of her eye while she wound up some cords and placed them in a neat pile. “You did really good,” she grudgingly admitted. Kylo broke into a wide small. “But you still need a lot of work. Snap will get you music.” She handed him a few CDs. “These are the only thing you listen to for the next two weeks.” “Yes ma’am,” he responded, flashing her another smile. She returned it with a small one of her own before moving away. Kylo wished everyone goodnight with an elated smile. He smiled the whole drive home and all the way into bed. The last thing he thought of before he fell asleep was Rey staring at him while she sang. Notes: I'm obviously not a musician, so my musician readers, if I'm butchering terms and writing glaring flaws, please tell me so I can fix it! Chapter 7 Saturday morning, Kylo was pulled out of a particularly peculiar dream about battling flying dolphins by his ringing phone. He rolled over with a groan, looking at the screen. Two missed calls from Rey. Alarmed, he answered the next call on the first ring. “Rey? Is everything okay?” “Hi Kylo, sorry to wake you up, but I need something.” He waited for her to continue. “I have an interview today at 10 for a job and then I’m going to see about a charter school for Cory and they are so tough, and want him to come in at some point and take all these tests, and my babysitter just called and cancelled. Poe and Finn are visiting Poe’s parents in Rochester and won’t be back until much later and Snap obviously can’t watch Cory because-“ He cut off her rambling. “Yes.” “What?” “I’ll watch him.” She led out a relieved sigh and Kylo smiled. “Oh my god, thank you. I wouldn’t have called you unless it was absolutely an emergency.” Kylo’s smile quickly turned into a frown. “You could have just stopped at ‘thank you.’ When do you want me to be there? What time is it?” “9:30. I mean, be here at 9:30. It’s 8 right now.” “Okay, I’ll see you guys then. And Rey? You don’t need to apologize for calling me. I’m happy to watch him.” “Thanks Kylo.” Kylo rang Rey’s doorbell at 9:30 sharp. Cory answered, wearing a matching set of Darth Vader pajamas, bedhead hair sticking up in the back. “Hi Kylo! Mommy says you’re taking me shoe shopping.” “Oh really?” He replied mildly, stepping inside and scanning for Rey. She rushed out of her bedroom, dressed in a flattering pencil skirt and silky blouse. But she looked harried as she darted back and forth, gathering up papers and a notebook and shoving them into her purse. “Thank you again, Kylo! He needs to get dressed and brush his teeth. Can you take him to get new sneakers? I left cash on the counter.” She shoved her feet into a pair of nude pumps and dropped a kiss on Cory’s cheek. “Be good, love. I’ll see you later.” And then she was out the door. Cory looked up at Kylo with an expectant expression and Kylo suddenly felt awkward. “Ahhh, ummm, do you need help getting dressed?” “Noooo,” Cory said in a singsong voice. “Did you eat breakfast?” Cory tilted his head slightly. “Well, yes…” “Do you want to go to the Pancake House?” Cory jumped up and down. “Yes!! What is the Pancake House?” Kylo smiled and nudged Cory to his bedroom. “They have the best pancakes. Go get ready.” Cory came back a few minutes later and Kylo tried not to laugh. “Sure you want to wear that?” He had a tan suit jacket layered over a bright orange t-shirt featuring X-Wings, paired with shorts featuring a neon tree frog pattern. The sneakers Kylo assumed Rey wanted him to replace lit up as he walked into the kitchen. Kylo fingered the collar of the jacket. “This looks a little fancy. You sure your mom is okay with you wearing it out?” “Yes,” Cory said blithely. Kylo suspected that wasn’t true but didn’t say anything. “We need to fix your hair.” Cory followed him into the bathroom. Kylo found a comb in the top drawer and looked under the sink for some kind of hair product. He snatched out a pot of styling cream that he figured Rey probably used once before stuffing it away. Cory eyed him. “How do you know where everything is?” Kylo smirked. “Ask your mother when she comes back.” It didn’t take him long to tame the cowlick on the back of Cory’s head; his hair behaved almost identically to Kylo’s, which he found both endearing and surreal. Kylo felt his anxiety melting away as they drove to the restaurant and ordered breakfast. He had never been good with kids but Cory wasn’t hard to get along with; he had Rey’s charm and penchant for endless rambling. Cory chattered all the way through breakfast and into the shopping mall, asking Kylo question after question about Kylo’s work in between colorful stories about his time on tour with Rey and The Resistance. When they parked and went inside the doors of the mall, Kylo instinctively grabbed Cory’s hand, nervously eyeing the crammed walkways and buzzing shops. “What kind of shoes do you want, kid?” “Like those.” Cory pointed to Kylo’s all-black Converse high tops, which Kylo had found at the bottom of a box after much hunting. Kylo smiled to himself, imagining Rey’s reaction. Maybe we should get matching shirts, too. They wandered around for far too long, consulting the huge maps at every corner. Kylo started to get frustrated after they passed the same store for the third time. “I hope you got your mom’s sense of direction,” he told Cory, then immediately snapped his mouth shut, realizing how close he’d came to giving himself away. Cory didn’t seem to think much of the remark, content to walk around hand-in-hand with Kylo. They finally found the right store, and Kylo sagged gratefully into a chair while the sales associate fitted Cory. After picking the right size, Cory insisted on wearing them out of the store. Kylo stuffed his old shoes into the bag, thanked the cashier, and ventured out of the store, grabbing Cory’s hand again. “I need to go to the bathroom!” Cory told Kylo. They found one not far away, and Kylo leaned against the wall outside the door, scrolling through numerous emails from Hux. After ten minutes had passed, he pocketed his phone, frowning. He’s taking a long time. He walked into the bathroom, calling Cory's name to no answer. Growing more concerned, Kylo peaked under the stall doors, looking for a small pair of black high tops. Nothing. His heart started to pound as he rushed outside, whipping his head around as he scanned the crowds for Cory, feeling grateful that his freakish height gave him the advantage. Far down one hallway, he saw a burly mall cop bent over to talk to a small figure. Cory. Relieved beyond words, Kylo practically ran to their side. The cop looked up as he approached. “You his dad?” The cop asked. “Yes,” Cory answered for Kylo. He slammed to a stop, staring slack jawed at both the cop and Cory. “I lost him at the bathrooms, he must have slipped right past me,” Kylo explained, his voice horse and mind still reeling. “Happens all the time,” the cop said with a wave of his hand. “Just be a little more careful.” “Definitely,” Kylo forced out, grabbing Cory’s hand. “Thank you Mr. Policeman!” Cory called after them. The big man smiled and waved as they walked away. “We should go home, it’s getting late.” Cory didn’t protest. Kylo was quiet on the way back, trailing behind him as Cory ran into the house. Rey’s car was on the street in front of her house, as well as Poe’s. He pushed open the door to see the four of them sitting around the kitchen table, chatting. Cory was holding one foot up in the air, pointing at his shoes. She gave Kylo a slightly perturbed shake of her head as she glanced meaningfully at his own shoes and the cash he’d purposefully left on the counter. He shrugged at her apologetically. Kylo leaned against the bar counter, arms crossed as he waited for Rey to ask him about the trip. “It went well?” She asked when Cory paused to take a breath. Cory’s bulged his cheeks with a held breath, waiting for Kylo to tell his mom about the bathroom incident. Instead, Kylo asked him a question. “Cory, can you tell your mom who you think I am?” “You’re my dad,” he stated simply. Rey, Finn, and Poe’s jaws dropped simultaneously. Rey’s eyes bored holes into Kylo’s. “What did you tell him?” She hissed. “Absolutely nothing,” he retorted. She looked back at her son with wide eyes. Then she started to laugh. The rest of them looked on with concerned faces as she continued to laugh harder and harder, slumping over the table and hysterically laughing into her hands. Finally she straightened up and wiped tears from her eyes. “Well,” she chortled. “So much for that.” Cory wrinkled his little nose at her. “You’re bad at keeping secrets.” Her jaw dropped again. “What are you talking about? I never said anything to you.” Cory huffed, crossing his arms. “Mom, I’m not dumb. I look just like him. And I have a picture.” He dashed off to his room, reappearing with a faded and worn photograph, waving it in Rey’s face. She grabbed it, and Kylo leaned in over her shoulder to look at it. The photo was of Rey and Kylo during their last summer together. Rey was laughing at some long-forgotten remark, head tilted back in the sunshine. Kylo had her guitar in one arm and his other around her shoulders, as he pressed a sloppy kiss to her cheek. Her skin was a deep gold from time in the sun, his featured a smattering of freckles. Rey snorted, tracing a finger around Kylo’s head. “I was so mad when you got that stupid undercut. You looked like such a hipster.” Kylo gently shoved her shoulder, grinning. “And what exactly are you wearing, Ms. Non-Hipster? Would those be high-waisted shorts and a cropped band shirt? MY t-shirt, if I remember correctly, that you so callously chopped up.” Rey grinned back. “I looked good in it, and you know it.” Kylo just shoved her shoulder again. They looked to the rest of the group, who were watching them with matching smirks. Rey did her best to frown at Cory. “Where did you get this?” He pointed at Poe, whose jaw dropped. “I absolutely did not give that to him.” Cory huffed. “Did too. In that album.” Poe made a face and groaned. “I gave him an album of photos from the band’s old days. I thought I took out all the ones with Kylo. No offense, buddy.” Kylo just shrugged. Rey shook her head. “This photo doesn’t prove anything, Cory.” He took a deep breath, then launched into his explanation in a grave voice. “I am five years old. Babies take 40 weeks to make.” He pointed at the photo. “There’s a date on the back. If you do the math, Mommy started making me after that photo.” He finished with a satisfied look. Rey glared at Poe and Finn. “Are you letting him watch Sherlock again? I told you not to let him watch that!” Poe blanched. “Maybe,” Finn squeaked out. Cory was noticeably quiet on the matter, then perked up, looking at Kylo with hopeful eyes. “Does this mean I have a grandma and grandpa? Can I meet them?” “Hooboy,” Finn mumbled under his breath. Poe grimaced at him sideways and they began to inch out of the kitchen. Cory looked from Rey to Kylo and Rey looked at Kylo, who looked at the ground. “Yes,” he finally sighed. Cory whooped with excitement. “Let’s go visit them!” Kylo uneasily shifted his weight back and forth, gaze darting to Rey. “Just call your mom,” she urged him. “And say what?” He fairly hissed. Rey shrugged. “Apologize or something. Tell them you want to see them.” Kylo shook his head violently. “Nope, they definitely don’t want to see me.” Rey pursed her lips and folded her arms. “Does your mom still call you?” Kylo scowled at her. “From time to time. But not my dad.” Rey sighed. “You’re their son, I KNOW they want to see you.” Kylo still wavered. Rey jerked her head towards Cory. “Look at him.” Cory gave Kylo a pair of heart-wrenching puppy dog eyes that Kylo was sure were exaggerated for his benefit. He caved, rubbing his eyes. “Okay, I’ll call them tomorrow. This will absolutely not go well. I’m saying it now. I just want everyone to know I said it.” Chapter 8 Kylo didn’t call his mom the next day, or the one after that. Cory asked him about it every night at band practice, and he scrambled for excuses while Rey frowned at him. Still, he put it off for several days, finally dialing up one of the few numbers he had memorized. He shredded the edges of a piece of paper while the phone rang, leaving piles of white particles all over his desk. The line clicked. “Hello?” “Hi Mom.” “Ben.” It wasn’t a question, but her voice was disbelieving. “Yeah, it’s me. How are you?” While the conversation with his mom was short and somewhat awkward, he had to admit that she did sound happy that he called her, instead of the other way around. She brightened even more when he asked if he could visit, citing vague reasons like “putting things right” and other clichés that made him cringe. “How about tonight?” She asked. “We can barbeque or something.” Leave it to Leia Organa not to waste a single hour. Kylo didn’t have any excuse. Might as well get it over with, he thought glumly. “Sure. Do you want me to bring anything?” “Lots of patience.” An undercurrent of warning swam in her voice. They both knew seeing Han might not go well. Throughout the conversation, Kylo kept opening his mouth to tell Leia about Cory. Every time he tried, he couldn’t force the words out. They hung up without him telling her and anxiety grew in the pit of his stomach. His mom did not enjoy surprises. Kylo collected Cory with Rey’s blessing and they drove to the quiet suburb where his parents lived, south of the cities. Kylo tried to smile and respond to Cory during the 30 minute drive, but his eyes were tight and his knuckles white around the steering wheel. They pulled up to the curb of their modest, tidy house and Kylo slumped over the steering wheel, staring into the kitchen window from his car. “Wait here,” he instructed Cory. “They’re probably in the back. I need to talk to them first, then I’ll come get you.” Cory nodded and Kylo hopped out and took even, measured steps around the back of the house to the patio. Han was at the grill, scowling at smoking hamburger patties. Leia was nowhere to be seen. “Hey, Pops.” Han slowly turned, brandishing an oversized spatula. He transferred his scowl to his son, his bushy white eyebrows bunching into one long line of dissatisfaction. “You got a lot of nerve, showing up here.” Kylo felt his anger rise, then thought of Cory’s wide brown eyes, asking “Can I meet them?” He pushed the anger down. “Didn’t Mom tell you I was coming?” Kylo shook his own question off. “Never mind. I have, a thing, I mean, no not a thing. I have something to uh, someone. You should –“ Kylo cut off as Cory sprinted around the corner of their rambler, his moppy dark hair flying. He launched himself at Han, locking his thin arms around his neck. Han let out a very surprised “oof” but grabbed him before he fell. Cory had his head buried in Han’s neck, a series of small mumbles escaping. “Well hey there little guy, who are you?” Cory pulled his head back long enough to shout “Hi Grandpa!” in Han’s face. Han’s eyebrows shot up. For the first time in Kylo’s life, Han didn’t have a snappy comeback. “I, uh, you, you’re my—huh? What? Ben!!” Kylo rubbed the back of his neck and rocked up and down on his heels. “Uhh surprise!” He tried to smile but it came out as a wince. “Oh. My. GOD!” Kylo spun at the sound of his mom’s voice. “Oh shit!” Kylo winced again. “Oh, shit!” He clapped his hand over his mouth. “I mean, oh, god, I don’t know.” Cory giggled, pointing at Kylo. “Daddy said a bad word! Mommy’s gonna be maaaddd.” Kylo realized Cory just called him ‘Daddy’ for the first time and tried not to hyperventilate. “You better not tell your mother about this.” He attempted to look stern. Cory just giggled again. “Oh MY god ! You got married and didn’t tell me!?” Leia smacked Kylo upside the head, a gesture of frustration that left no pain. “How could you not tell your own mother?” “Oww!” “Daddy, you can’t be married, you have to marry Mommy!” “Ben Solo, are you cheating on your wife with the mother of my grandchild?” Han bellowed at Kylo. Kylo grabbed handfuls of his hair with both hands. “I AM NOT MARRIED TO ANYONE.” Leia smacked Kylo again. “You knocked a girl up and didn’t marry her? What’s wrong with you!? I raised you better!” Kylo wanted to cry. “Can everyone just BE QUIET.” His voice came out much louder than he anticipated, but it worked. They fell blessedly silent. Kylo huffed. “Let’s start over. Hi Mom, hi Dad, this is Cory, my child that I didn’t know existed until about three weeks ago. I am not married and I don’t plan to get married. Okay? Everyone clear on everything?” Silence for a beat, then Leia gasped. “OH my GOD I’m a grandma.” Kylo couldn’t help but laugh at her bewildered awe. After a dinner filled with rapid-fire conversation, mostly between his parents and Cory, Leia coaxed Cory away from the patio table for some yard games, casting a fierce glance over her shoulder at Kylo as she left him alone with Han. Han disappeared into the house without a word, emerging with two glasses and some Jim Bean. He poured drinks for them, and then settled back into his chair. They sat in silence for a long while, watching Leia and Cory jabber and play, smiling when Cory talked her into climbing a tree with him. Kylo knew he had to talk to Han, but it was the last thing he wanted to do. He watched Cory with Leia, thought about Cory launching himself into Han’s arms. I have to. Kylo cleared his throat and addressed Han without looking, pushing the words out before he could change his mind. “Dad? I’m sorry.” Han grunted in response. “For letting First Order buy-out Millennium Falcon.” Han was frowning now, voice dark, “Sorry fixes jack-all, Ben.” Kylo twisted his hands. “I never got to explain.” Han scoffed, leaned back in his chair, and took a big swig of his drink. “After all these years, now you tell me you have an explanation? Oh this will be delightful. Explain, Ben.” Kylo held his mouth half-parted, trying to string the jumble of words in his head into sentences. He had held the truth back for so long, it seemed impossible to let it out now. He settled on directness. “Snoke was going to buy you out no matter what. He didn’t let me in on it until all the decisions were already in motion. He just…announced it to me. Then made it very clear that if I tried to interfere, I was out.” Hun grunted again. “Great guy, that Snoke.” Kylo agreed with a dark chuckle. “I said I would stay, but only if they gave you a fair price. Snoke was buying up a lot of small companies-mostly ones Millennium did business with. His plan was to slowly strangle you, drive you into the ground, then swoop in and buy you out for next to nothing. Totally ruin you.” Han narrowed his eyes. “So you’re saying you saved me, Ben? You let our family business get gobbled up by First Order and I’m supposed to what, thank you?” “Of course not,” Kylo nearly growled, growing defensive. He took a shaky breath and continued in a calmer tone. “Millennium was going to end whether or not I was involved. I told Snoke that if I stayed, you got paid a more than fair price. I couldn’t stop him from taking over the other small companies.” “First Order made it damned impossible to continue business. Snoke did strangle us out of business.” “But you didn’t lose everything!” Kylo protested. “It could have been so much worse.” They sat in angry silence for a few minutes before Han let out a long breath. “It could have been so much worse.” He snorted and tossed back the rest of his drink. “If it makes you feel any better, I hate myself for the whole situation. I kept thinking about it, for years, trying to figure out what I could have done instead. There had to have been some way to save Millennium.” Han chuckled. “It does make me feel a tiny bit better.” Then he shook his head. “No, it doesn’t. I don’t want you to hate yourself.” They both sipped their drinks in sustained silence, but it was noticeably less tense. Kylo felt six years of crushing guilt start to crumble away in tiny pieces. Maybe things can be fixed, he hoped. Han finally turned to look at Kylo. “So where’s Rey?” He chuckled at Kylo’s surprise. “Who else would it be? He’s got her spunk.” Kylo swirled the last sips of his drink in his glass. “Things are rather…complicated right now.” Han snorted. “I’ll bet.” Kylo shot him a sidelong glance, curious. “I’ve never seen a couple fight so much.” He smirked, nostalgic. “Reminds me of your mom and me.” Kylo smiled wryly. “I remember. And I remember you guys always made up.” Han cleared his throat. “Not always. Before you were born…we had a really bad falling out. Things were really tough at Millennium. Then Leia told me she was pregnant, with you. I left.” Kylo’s jaw dropped. He hesitated to use the word “loyal” to describe his father, but Han had always stood resolutely beside Leia. “I disappeared for a while. Left her a little note, told her not to worry, but I knew she would anyway. I left her alone to manage the company.” “But you came back.” “I did.” Kylo processed the information for a moment. “Why?” Han glanced sidelong at him. “It kills me to say this, but I was afraid. Of the future, of commitment. Being in one place forever, with one person. The fighting and making up wore me down. And then I was going to be a dad. I couldn’t handle it.” Han looked ashamed. “Leia didn’t talk to me for two weeks after I got back. She almost left.” Kylo slowly shook his head. “I don’t understand how you made it work.” Han’s weathered face softened in genuine tenderness. “It was you. The day you were born, the nurse placed you in my arms, and I looked down at this little squished, red face and mess of black hair, and you grabbed my finger with your hand – your fingers didn’t even make it all the way around. You were so fragile. It was terrifying. And I thought to myself, ‘I’ll do whatever it takes to protect this tiny human.’” Unexpected tears crowded Kylo’s eyes. He tried to imagine Cory as a baby. He never got to hold him, to watch him grow up. He never even got the chance. “Don’t think about what you missed, Ben,” Han said as if reading his mind. It’ll just rip you up inside. Try to understand it from Rey’s perspective.” Kylo let out a heavy breath with a sharp shake of his head. “I’m trying. I just can’t.” “Maybe you should give her a chance to explain.” “I’ve asked her why she’s left, she hasn’t shared yet.” Kylo’s voice was tinged with bitterness. “Give her time. She’s probably still terrified.” Han chuckled, “Patience was never really a strong suit of yours.” Kylo’s jaw relaxed and he slumped back in his chair, deflated. “No,” he grudgingly admitted. “But six years isn’t enough time?” Han shrugged. “Maybe not.” He gave a sidelong glance at Kylo. “Maybe she still sees you as the man she left all that time ago.” Kylo grew defensive. “What does that mean?” Han frowned at him. “You left The Resistance for a corporation of questionable morality, then First Order put your mom and me out of business. I really doubt she was thinking ‘ This man will be a good father of my child’ after that.” Kylo grimaced. “That still doesn’t justify leaving forever.” Han hesitated. “No,” he agreed with a sigh. “I doesn’t.” They lapsed back into silence, tense with stormy thoughts. Kylo shot Han a side-long look. “Where was all this emotional stuff when I was a kid?” Han gave a sardonic smile. “Sometimes life asks you to change and if you don’t, you watch everything that mattered to you disappear. I realized after you were born that I couldn’t run away from my problems. After I lost Millennium, I realized I was still running away, even if it wasn’t literal.” Kylo combed a hand through his hair. “I need another drink,” he said wryly. Both men chuckled and Han poured another round. They sipped in silence again, but the atmosphere was companionable this time. Kylo didn’t remember feeling this much at ease with Han since he was little. Han broke the silence with a final piece of advice as Cory and Leia made their way towards them. “Ben, if you did something that made Rey leave, fix it. If it wasn’t you, or whatever Rey did in the past, forgive her. Cory is more important now. You and Rey are the most stubborn people I know. Don’t let it ruin everything.” Han’s words bounced around in Kylo’s head for the rest of the evening as they cleaned up dinner, said a long-good bye to Han and Leia, and started the drive home through the twilight. On the way home, Cory’s cheer slowly melted into a sullen silence. Kylo wracked his brain trying to find the source. Finally he just asked. “What’s wrong, kid?” Cory folded his arms and huffed, staring out the window, but he answered. “Why aren’t you going to marry Mom?” Kylo’s brow furrowed. “What?” “You said you weren’t going to get married. That means you don’t want to marry Mom.” Understanding dawned in Kylo’s eyes as he recalled the remark he made to his parents. “Cory,” he began uncertainly. “I don’t really think your mom would want to get married. She likes to do things by herself.” His smile was sad. Cory was already shaking his head. “That’s not true.” Kylo didn’t argue – he didn’t know what to say. “Sometimes I hear her crying. She thinks I’m asleep but I’m not.” Cory’s voice was hoarse and pitiful. Knots twisted in Kylo until it hurt to breathe. “Why do you think that?” He forced out. Cory turned his head sideways at him with a knowing look far too wise for a six year-old child, but didn’t say anything. He didn’t need to. “Your mom is a very…complicated person,” Kylo finally added. Cory shot him a befuddled look and Kylo searched for a better explanation for a young child but couldn’t think of one. “Do you love her?” Kylo’s jaw dropped slightly and he snapped it shut. Yes . “She is very special to me,” he answered carefully. Cory grimaced but didn’t press him further. “Why do Gramma n’ Granpa call you ‘Ben?’” “When I started working for First Order a long time ago, before I met your mom, I changed my name.” “Why?” Kylo’s mouth twisted. Good question. “Grandpa owned a business that competed with First Order. I didn’t want people to know Ben Solo left to join the ‘enemy.’ That’s what Grandma called them, ‘the enemy.’” “Were they mad?” Kylo thought back to the raging fights that left their voices hoarse. “Very mad, about a lot of things.” Cory didn’t respond, just looked glum. “Hey Cory? Don’t tell Mom about what I said, about getting married. Okay?” Cory nodded his head in understanding. “I won’t. Promise.” The hopeful glimmer in his eyes stirred Kylo’s anxiety and he wished he hadn’t said anything at all. Chapter 9 Finn stepped up next to Rey as she watched Kylo wave goodbye from his car after practice and drive off. She stared into the distance with her arms crossed and face slightly creased. “Feeling ready for the show tomorrow?” Rey didn’t respond. “Must be nice where you are.” Her eyelashes fluttered as she continued to wade through her thoughts. “REY.” She jumped and saw Finn next to her, a guilty smile slipping across her face. “Sorry! I was just thinking.” “I noticed. Do you want to talk about it?” Rey pursed her lips. “I think I made a mistake.” Finn’s brow crinkled. “About what?” “I’m not sure.” The crinkles grew. “Okay…” She let out a long breath and plopped down on the curb. Finn settled next to her, looking at her sideways and patiently waiting for her to continue. “When I left, I was so…lost.” “After you found out you were pregnant?” She nodded slowly. “Kylo left the band. Then that thing with his dad’s company. Then I was pregnant. And you know, things weren’t wonderful right before that either. I never really forgave Kylo for not being there when my grandpa died.” Finn ran his teeth over his bottom lip. “You know Kylo cared about Obi too. Obviously it’s different, but he did. Poe said something to me after he died, something Kylo had said. It sounded like he felt horrible about it.” Rey scowled. “He could have let me in on it.” “He was probably just trying not to dump more stress on you.” Rey’s eyebrows shot up. “So that’s why he quit the band with no warning?” “Yeah, guess that theory doesn’t really hold up.” Rey shrugged. “Maybe so. He was always unpredictable.” Finn snorted. “That’s a very nice way to put it.” He sighed. “That was a long time ago. It seems like he’s changed.” Rey glanced at him sharply. “You’re defending him a lot. You ran the anti-Kylo club for quite a while after we broke up.” Finn shrugged, pushing sand and gravel around with his toe. “I make mistakes too.” He smiled gently at her, and she returned it, resting her head on his shoulder. “What are you going to do?” “I’m not sure. Cory loves him. He already calls him ‘Dad.’ And Kylo obviously cares about him a lot. I think. But that’s not enough. I feel nervous. I keep waiting for something to happen.” “Like what?” Rey shrugged, her shoulder bumping his arm. “I don’t know. Caring about Cory isn’t enough. Kylo has to be ready to make huge sacrifices for him, if that’s what he needs to do. That’s what being a parent is. I have dreams too, but not at the expense of Cory. I mean, that’s why we came back. So Cory can have a normal life and go to school and make friends and not be moving around all the time. I love The Resistance. It’s been my life for the last eight years. But Cory is more important. I don’t think Kylo would be willing to do the same thing if he were in my shoes.” “You can’t know that.” “No,” Rey slowly admitted. “But I don’t really have a reason not to think that.” Finn let his head fall on top of Rey’s. “Maybe you should give him a chance to change your mind.” Rey was quiet for a long time and they settled into a comfortable silence, watching cars whiz by and couples stroll past with fluffy dogs. “I want to,” Rey confessed. “I really, really want to.” Summer arrived overnight and the day of their show dawned hot and sticky. “I definitely did not miss this humidity,” Rey grumbled as they unloaded their van. She wiped strands of hair off her sweaty forehead and combed delicate fingers over the rest. “Ugh! I can feel the frizz spreading. I bet my hair looks horrible.” Kylo hefted a bin out of the back and paused. “It looks lovely. You look beautiful,” he assured her with a wide, crooked smile. Rey couldn’t resist grinning back at him. Out of the corner of her eye, she caught Poe sticking a finger in his mouth and miming a gag at Finn. As Poe walked past with an armful of gear, he smirked at them. “You two standing around making heart eyes while Finn and I do all the work – feels just like old times.” Finn snorted and Rey rolled her eyes, shoving Poe's shoulder. “I put up with you two all the way through wedding planning and your post-honeymoon gooey, ‘I love you honey,’ ‘No, I love you more!’ shit. You guys were insufferable. So you can’t even say anything.” Finn screwed up his face. “How is it that even your insults sound classy?” “I’m British,” Rey chirped. “Everything I say sounds classy.” “It’s not fair,” Finn pouted as Rey prodded him into the building and Kylo followed behind, chuckling. The next hour passed in a flurry of activity as they ran around getting ready. Kylo buzzed with energy, bouncing from task to task every ten seconds, then disappearing from their dressing room as Rey sat down to stage-proof her makeup. Nearly twenty minutes went by when Finn burst into the dressing room. “Kylo’s lost it,” he announced. “What?” “He’s freaking. You better go see him.” Rey and Poe exchanged withering glances and she brushed past Finn, grumbling. He caught something about a “man-child with too many feelings.” She found Kylo outside the building in a back parking lot, several fresh cigarette butts nearby. He was pacing and clenching his hands in between drags. “Kylo?” He spun to look at her. His face was extra pale under the smattering of freckles brought out by time spent in the sun with her and Cory over the last week. “What’s going on? Why aren’t you inside? Since when do you smoke again?” “It’s too dark in there, and the dressing room ceilings are so low, it makes me claustrophobic!” He waved his arms around while he talked, cigarette ash drifting into his hair. Rey just blinked at him. She’d seen him get mild stage fright before but she’d never seen Kylo panic. It was kind of cute. He took another drag and then tossed the butt away, running his hands through his hair, then rubbing his face. When he took his hands away, ash streaked the sides of his forehead. Rey stepped closer and saw he was trembling. “I can’t do this Rey. I haven’t been on stage in six years. Six years! This is crazy. And holy fuck, there are so many people here, I forgot how big this place was! It’s crammed. And I haven’t been in The Resistance for years. They’re going to hate it.” Rey grabbed his face with both hands and cut him off mid-sentence with a kiss. He went rigid, before sliding his arms around her and warmly returning the kiss. She melted into him and they lost track of how many minutes passed. They finally pulled apart, breathless. She rested her forehead against his. “You’re going to be fine, Kylo. People were mad as all hell when you left. This is going to be such a good thing. I can’t wait for it. Fans freaked out when we announced you were back for this show.” He pulled back to look into her eyes. “Yeah?” “ Yes,” she assured him, threading her hands gently through his hair. He let out a long breath, and his tension dissolved with it. She rubbed the ash off his face and kissed him again. “Come on, if we make them wait too long, the fans will get upset.” He gave her a shaky smile as she took his hand and led him back into the building. “Cutting it close guys!” Finn complained as they joined him and Poe, but he didn’t seem too upset. While they waited to go on stage, Kylo hovered close to Rey, some of his nervous energy returning as he bounced on the balls of his feet and blew out a long breath. “I need a drink.” Rey silently slipped her hand into his, pulling him closer to her side. He stopped bouncing, and they locked gazes, an unspoken conversation passing between them. Poe grinned at Finn. “You can’t be mad at me anymore for interfering,” Poe remarked in his ear. Finn grudgingly shook his head, but wrapped his arms around his husband’s neck and planted a kiss on his cheek. “Okay, you guys are up,” the stagehand announced, one hand pressed against a mic in his ear. Excited grins flashed between them and Rey squealed. “Let’s do this!” They followed her with shining faces as she skipped on stage, the crowd roaring in the darkness. They found their places, settled into their instruments, and got the go-ahead. The lights came up, flashing dramatically around the stage and they launched into their first song. Rey beamed through the words. Kylo was right, the place was crammed. They played song after song, energy rising with each one. Rey sighed when they hit their last notes, exhausted, but wishing they could do it all over again. Back off stage, she crashed into Poe and Finn, yanking them into hugs. Kylo came up from behind, wrapping his arms around her. She yelped as he swung her off her feet, scooping one arm under her knees and the other across her back. Her arms settled around his neck and she smiled at him, breathless. She swung her legs excitedly in his arms, tilting her head to Finn and Poe. “Let’s go out!” She shouted. “I haven’t been to The Gay 90s in years. I miss it!” “Seconded!” Poe said, waggling his eyebrows at Finn. “I want to dance!” Rey dropped a light kiss on Kylo’s cheek and hopped out of his arms, already dashing away to pack up. Before long, Poe was shoving the last of their gear into the van and slamming the truck doors shut. “Time to go be very, very gay!” He cheered, running to the driver’s door. Rey clapped a hand over her mouth. “Ahh I forgot something in the dressing room. You guys go, we’ll meet you there!” She waved at Poe and Finn, already tugging on Kylo’s hand and walking back towards First Ave. He shrugged and threw an apologetic look over his shoulder before trotting after Rey. The second they entered the dim hallway to the dressing room, she spun around and threw her arms around Kylo’s neck, her lips crashing into his. Kylo laughed, breaking away. “What did you forget?” “Nothing,” she replied with an impish smile. She grabbed the front of his shirt and yanked his face back down to hers as she giggled between kisses. They stumbled kissing down the hallway until they reached the dressing room. She pushed him inside and slammed the door behind her, turning to look at Kylo, who approached her with a sly smile. He backed her into the door, his hand brushing her hip as he reached for the lock. The second she heard the click of the lock, Rey’s hands were at his belt buckle, yanking it open and unzipping his pants in a flurry. She wanted his mouth on hers and his hands on her skin. He grabbed her wrists and pushed them over her head, locking them together in one hand against the door. He slipped the other under her dress without breaking their kiss, his long fingers grasping the fabric of her boyshorts and yanking them down around her ankles, skimming across hot skin. She squirmed her wrists out of his grip, grabbing his hips and trading places with him, slamming him against the door. His breaths came quicker as she finished undoing his pants, dragging tantalizing fingers across the rise and dip of his hipbones. She took his cock in one hand, circling his precum around the smooth tip with her thumb. He groaned into her neck as she gripped harder, the sound growing louder when she dropped to her knees and took him in her mouth. She swirled her tongue around and sucked with soft lips, her moan vibrating down his legs as she savored how hard he was. Snaking his hands through her hair, he tugged her back up, reclaiming her mouth. He yanked her loose dress over her head and tossed it aside. He slouched down and swept his tongue along the taut midline of her stomach, stopping to admire the perk of pink nipples straining hard through her lace bralette, which he happily tugged off a moment later. He thrilled at the sight of her in the large mirrors that surrounded them on nearly every side, glowing in the bright lights, wriggling and naked, her slender body pressed against his. He carried her over to the vanity counter, pulling her forward to the edge. He dropped to his knees, sliding his hands along the inside of her thighs as he spread her open, basking in the sight of her pink, soft lips, wet and gleaming. He nuzzled his mouth against her skin, deeply inhaling the sweet scent of her sex. Rey leaned her head back against the mirror, moaning as his lips and tongue softly teased her sensitive skin. He found her clit, lapping his tongue against her. He pressed further in, gliding in circles with the tip of his tongue. Rey twined her hands into his thick hair, raking her nails against his scalp. She arched into him, a silent plea for him to go harder, faster. He did, slipping two fingers into her slit and curling them against her most sensitive spots. He moaned at how wet she was, and the sound traveled up Rey’s spine, lodging in the base of her skull. She gasped when he did it again, pulling at his hair. Rey’s entire body trembled and ached as he pushed her closer and closer to the edge. She felt herself rising, straining towards it. She came with a rush, moaning out his name, heedless of anyone outside the room, and he didn’t stop, urging her on with flicks of his tongue as another wave of pleasure rolled over her. She sagged back, gasping. He nibbled down the inside of her thigh, eliciting shivers, and looked up at her, lips dewy. “Satisfied?” He smirked. “Hardly,” she growled, jumping down. Trading places again, she discarded his pants, pressed him down onto the counter, and climbed on top of him, finally getting rid of his shirt. She teased the length of his cock along her dripping slit, biting her lip as she savored his moans and gasps. He wrapped a hand around the back of her neck, jerking her forward to breathe into her ear. “Fuck me. Now.” With a vixen smile, she grasped his cock and slid the tip into her, then stopped. She spun her hips in a slow circle, teasing him until he growled, grabbing her waist to pull her deep onto him. She snatched his wrists away, slamming them on either side. “No,” she drawled in his ear. She rocked another circle and bit his neck. His head thumped back onto the mirror and he squeezed his eyes shut, gasping. “No,” she repeated. “Open your eyes, I want you to watch me,” she instructed him, glancing meaningfully at the mirrors. The way he drank in her reflection – heavy-lidded eyes, lips parted – made her throb. But she continued to torture him, barely moving, lingering as she dipped her inner folders around him. “Rey,” he gasped, almost a whine. She gave a throaty laugh into his ear. “You didn’t say please.” “Please,” he growled. She grabbed his jaw in one hand, forcing his eyes to her. “Say it nicely.” He mewled. “Please.” With a wicked grin, her hips slowed. “What do you want me to do?” “Please fuck me.” “Good boy,” she purred, and plunged onto him. They groaned together as she clenched around him, grinding her hips against his. She grabbed his wrists again, this time smacking them firmly against her ass. “Don’t make me do all the work,” she murmured. He wasted no time gripping her hips and surging into her. She threw her head back and groaned, losing herself in the delicious feeling of his hands sinking into her, possessing her, as they thrust into each other again and again. Rey keened, drowning in an indistinct blur of pleasure, crying out Kylo’s name. With her nails raking into his back, forehead to forehead, he came, shuddering and throbbing into her. Gasping and breathless, they collapsed against each other. After a few moments, she raised her head, tittering. “Poe and Finn are going to think we ditched them.” “Let them,” Kylo responded with a soft kiss. They got dressed and furtively left the building, certain anyone they ran into would have known why they were still there. They tripped along the sidewalk towards the club, one of them stopping every half a block to kiss the other. Kylo lifted Rey onto his shoes, lacing his hands through hers, and waltzed down the sidewalk, eliciting laughs from her and amused stares from strangers passing by. Waiting on a red light, they leaned into each other, meeting in a lingering kiss that lasted long after the signal turned. People rushed past – tipsy bar-goers out for the weekend, chattering students relishing their summer freedom, other happy couples – Rey and Kylo were oblivious. He slipped a hand under her chin, tipped head back, and they stared at each other with glowing eyes. “I want us to be together,” Kylo whispered. Rey’s smile slipped away. He cradled her face with both hands, feathering a thumb along her bottom lip. “I’m still in love with you. I’ll always be in love with you,” he told her, searching her face. Her eyes fluttered shut for a moment. When they opened, tears glittered along the edges. “Okay.” Kylo’s face froze. “Okay? Yes?” Rey broke into a teary grin, sniffling. “Yes.” She raised to her tiptoes, nuzzling her nose against his. “I want to be with you too.” He grabbed her and kissed her so hard her teeth ached. When they pulled away, Rey’s face was serious again. “But I don’t want to tell Cory just yet.” “Yes, okay. Anything.” Rey felt compelled to explain. “It’s just…he wants this so bad. I had to tell him to stop asking when ‘Mommy and Daddy will have their wedding’ and discussing how he wants us to get a kitten when we all move in together.” Kylo chuckled. “A kitten, huh?” Rey smiled and twined a loose lock of Kylo’s hair around a finger. “He’s a cat person, just like his dad.” Her smile widened. “He wants to name it Star Wars.” Kylo burst out laughing. “Of course he does.” He leaned down to kiss her again. “We can keep it a secret for as long as you want. I want to do this right.” He smiled crookedly. “He already has a cat name picked out, we can’t disappoint him now.” Rey bit her lip with a small smile. “No, we can’t.” They kissed again, standing at the corner of the intersection as the light they were waiting for turned green for the third time. Chapter 10 Kylo woke at 5:30 am to his phone ringing. Rey. “Mhmm ‘ello?” He mumbled sleepily. “Hey Kylo, uhhh I need a really big favor.” “Let me guess, your babysitter cancelled again and Poe and Finn are both busy today.” “How did you guess,” Rey sighed with bleak sarcasm. “You really need a new babysitter. Or a daycare.” “It’s a money issue,” Rey crossly responded. She sighed. “I’d bring him with me, but it’s only my second day, and I’ll be in training all day, running all over the building. Plus I don’t know how they feel about employees bringing their kids in.” “It’s fine, Rey. First Order has its own in-building daycare, I’m sure Cory will be fine for the day. He can make new friends.” “You have your own daycare?” She snorted. “Raising the next generation of brainwashed corporate drones? Never mind, not really that surprised. I’ll drop Cory off at 7. That okay?” “No.” Kylo rubbed his eyes with one hand. “I’ll pick him up. I’ll pick you both up and drop you off. I don’t want you driving that death trap any more than you have to.” “That’s ridiculous,” Rey snapped. “Besides, if anyone at work sees you dropping me off, I’ll never hear the end of it.” “Fine, we’ll drop you off around the block, like I’m an embarrassing parent and you’re 13,” Kylo retorted dryly. “Besides, TC United is on the way to First Order.” Rey just made a frustrated sound. “I’ll be there at 7,” he told her. “Okay,” Rey conceded with a sigh, tacking on a thanks before hanging up. Kylo smiled to himself in the dim gray light filtering in through his curtains. Maybe I can find her babysitter and convince her to cancel every day. He imagined mornings together, Rodger entertaining Cory with endless stories, the days he’d get to Rey’s house early to find her running late. Cory, sleepy-eyed, letting Kylo tame his hair into presentability while Rey finished getting ready. Dropping them off and “why don’t you just stay for dinner?” and he’d have to go home every night only to return the next morning and eventually it wouldn’t make sense to live so far apart. He’d find a charming little house in Uptown, with a sun-drenched porch and a pergola draped in rose vines, a kitten named Star Wars watching from the kitchen window. Kylo snorted, dispelling the thoughts. It was hard to see Rey truly accepting any kind of traditional domestic life. She just wasn’t the type. But then, he never imagined her being a mom, either. Kylo tried not to follow that line of thought anymore, shoving off his covers and stumbling to the shower. Both Rey and Cory were ready when Kylo arrived, waiting by the front door. Cory wore a neat button down shirt tucked into black pants, his mop of hair carefully combed into smooth submission. Kylo passed Rey side glances, but she didn’t explain his unusually neat appearance. Kylo gave Rey a heavy smirk when she actually asked Rodger to stop a block away from TC United. “You know there is a whole watchdog team dedicated solely to First Order, right?” Rey told Kylo with raised brows. He shrugged with a sly smile. “I know. Is that the team that hired you?” Rey made an annoyed sound and crossed her arms. “No. I thought it would be a conflict of interest. I joined a different team.” Kylo’s smile turned into a crooked grin. “I’d love to see the reactions when they find out exactly what kind of conflict of interest it is.” Rey shot him a sharp look. Kylo’s hands flew up. “I wouldn’t say anything!” He hollered after her as she opened the door and stepped out of the car, leaning back to give Cory a kiss on the cheek. “Have fun today, love.” He gave his mom a hesitant nod, craning his head to watch her out the back window as they drove away. He was quiet the rest of the trip and through their walk into the building. Kylo headed straight for the daycare center, stepping to the end of the line of employees dropping off kids at the check-in desk. He peered over the shoulder of the desk attendant to look at the row of classrooms in the area behind the desk. Kids were milling about a large room, teachers flitted back and forth, splitting them into groups by age. “Mr. Ren, um, hello! Good morning.” The desk attended greeted him with uncertain cheerfulness, followed by a slight cringe. Kylo was used to the anxiety that spread through his employees when he was nearby. “Can I talk to Lyn, please?” “Yep. Definitely. You can do that. One second,” the attendant squeaked, hopping off his chair and beelining for a middle aged woman who was crouched down to talk to a sullen child. The attendant exchanged some nervous words with her, and she squinted through the check-in window, mouth quirking up when she spotted Kylo. “Mr. Ren, so good to see you. What can we do for you?” “Can my son join for the day?” Kylo gestured to Cory, who backed closer to Kylo’s leg, staring up at Lyn with a solemn expression. She blinked at him. “Your son…of course. You’ll have to fill out some forms first, emergency contacts and the like.” The desk attendant scrambled to pull a manila folder out of a filing drawer, uncapping a thin tipped Sharpie. “Can you spell his name for me?” He asked, pen poised over the label tab. “C-O-R-Y.” Kylo hesitated, clearing his throat. “K-E-N-O-B-I.” He internally winced, certain every employee at their Minneapolis campus would know about his mysteriously absent son with a different last name by 5 pm, followed by the three other campuses by the end of the week. Kylo started in on the forms, trying to guess on most of the answers. He’s definitely had all his vaccinations, there’s no way Rey would ever skip those…His birthday? Umm…A history of seizures…Medications? Past daycare programs? Kylo scowled to himself as he realized how little he knew about Cory, a fresh reminder that he had six years to make up for. “How old are you?” Lyn asked Cory. “Five.” Kylo’s gaze dropped to Cory. “I thought you were six.” Cory shook his head. “Not until next March. March 11!” “I guess that makes sense,” Kylo muttered, quickly scribbling the date onto the form. Lyn’s expression was a mix of amusement, disbelief, and disapproval, but she didn’t say anything. “Okay, Cory, I’m going to send you to Mr. Andy over there.” She gestured across the room to a man in his mid-twenties herding a group of young kids into a line. “He’ll be your teacher today.” She opened the partition between the center and the check-in desk. Cory tilted his head back to look at Kylo, who handed him his backpack and gave him a gentle push. “It’ll be fun, Cory. You get to make lots of new friends.” Cory’s mouth twisted but he didn’t protest, slinging his bag over one shoulder with a tiny sigh. “Bye Dad,” he called out glumly, shuffling away to greet Mr. Andy. Kylo gazed tensely after him. He started when Lyn lightly touched his sleeve, and he realized he’d crumpled the forms in a stranglehold. “Dropping them off the first day is always hard,” she said kindly. “Sometimes we get more tears from the parents than the kids.” “Yeah?” He responded with a short laugh. “He’ll be just fine, Mr. Ren.” Lyn smiled, taking the crunched up forms from him and trying to smooth them out. “Maybe I should get you new forms.” Throughout the first meeting of the day, Hux glared at Kylo when he wouldn’t stop anxiously clicking his pen. A chat box popped up on his laptop. Stop. Doing. That. Kylo shot Hux a stony glare across the table. I heard you dropped off a mini-me at the daycare center today and it was a rather emotional event. Whose child was that? I know you already know the answer to that. Mine. His name is Cory. I don’t care if his name is Spiderman. Just don't let your personal feelings get in the way. Kylo responded by logging out and clicking his pen three more times for good measure. After another meeting, on the way back to his office, he heard a familiar British voice drifting out of a room. He popped his head around the half-open door, jaw dropping. Phasma sat behind her desk, which was scattered with colored papers, highlighters, and a mess of other office supplies. Perched on her lap was Cory. Both their heads went up when they heard Kylo push the door open. “Hi Dad!” Cory greeted him with a grin. “Me and Phasma are making spaceships.” “Phasma and I,” Kylo absent mindedly corrected him. His eyes bounced back and forth between the pair, jaw working as he tried to think of something to say. “You’re back early,” he said mildly, addressing Phasma, like his son hadn’t escaped from daycare and was now sitting at the desk of the Senior Vice President of Marketing and Sales. “Things in Japan went very well,” Phasma replied. “We wrapped up early.” Kylo nodded, eyes on Cory as he pointed at him. “What are you doing here?” “I found him wandering around in the hallway – he was looking for your office.” “I found your name on the big list! I got all the way up here by myself,” Cory informed him proudly. Kylo crossed his arms, frowning. “I mean, how did you get out of daycare?” Cory fiddled with a tape dispenser. “I took Mr. Andy’s beepy card, the one that makes the doors open.” “You stole his keycard? Oh my god your mother is going to kill me. Why didn’t he see you?” More fiddling. He answered slower. “Madeline hit Bobby in the face and Mr. Andy didn’t see me.” “Uh huh. And why did she hit Bobby?” Cory shrunk under Kylo’s withering gaze. “Because I asked her to. But Bobby is mean to her! She wanted to…” Phasma started silently laughing and Kylo glared at her. “This isn’t funny! Cory stole a highly secure keycard and escaped from daycare after getting another kid to hit someone.” Kylo fumed. “You’re coming back to my office with me and we are going to talk about this. Right after I call down and tell Lyn what happened. I’m sure they’re all freaking out.” A second later Kylo’s phone rang. Lyn had beat him to it. She frantically explained that they couldn’t find Cory and had no idea how he got out. Kylo interrupted her. “I know how. He took Andy’s keycard and used it to get out when he wasn’t looking. He’s with me right now. He’s fine.” Lyn piled profuse apologies on him until Kylo cut her off. “No one’s in trouble. It’s not Andy’s fault,” Kylo sighed, running a hand through his hair. “Apparently my son is going to be a criminal mastermind someday. But make sure keycards stay more secure from now on. I’ll keep Cory the rest of the day.” Kylo thought Lyn sounded relieved at the last part. They hung up and Kylo frowned at Cory. “Come on, out. We need to have a talk.” “I hate it when grownups tell me that,” Cory grouched. He look questioningly at the pile of semi-complete “space ships.” “I’ll have my assistant send the supplies to you,” Phasma said. Cory slid off her lap and took slow steps to Kylo, stopping mid-way and spinning around. “Thank you Phasma!” “You’re welcome, Cory. Come visit me again soon.” She smirked at Kylo before he closed her office door behind him. Mitaka didn’t say anything when Kylo stomped into his office with Cory on his heels. Kylo caught Cory grinning and waving at him from the corner of his eye. Mitaka furtively returned the wave with a faint smile before busying himself in a pile of papers. Kylo frowned at them both, grabbing Cory’s hand and pulling him into the office. “I can’t take you anywhere without you charming everyone in sight. I should put a bag over your head,” he muttered to himself. “What?” Cory called up. “Nothing,” he replied tersely. Sit down.” He pointed to one of the oversized leather chairs in front of his desk and perched on the edge of the chair across, leaning his elbows on his knees. Cory look at him expectantly with a slight pout and sad brown eyes. Kylo’s anger dissolved and he let out a frustrated sigh, rubbing his eyes. “Do you know what you did wrong?” Cory’s heels tapped together. “I took something that wasn’t mine?” “That’s one.” “I ran away…” “That’s two.” “Ummm…” “What about the girl who hit the other kid?” Cory’s head tilted and a lock of hair flopped into his eyes. “Madeline?” “Yes, her.” His head tilted the other way, looking like a confused puppy. “She’s my best friend.” Kylo suppressed a smile. “She’s going to get in trouble.” Cory gasped and his face crumpled up. “But it’s not her fault.” “When kids at the daycare center hurt other kids they get in trouble.” Fat tears welled in Cory’s eyes. “But it wasn’t her idea.” Kylo paused, genuinely perplexed. “Did you really not think she would get in trouble?” His head whipped back and forth and he dragged a sleeve under his sniffling nose. “No, I just…I just wanted to come be with you.” He stared dejectedly at the floor. Kylo groaned. “Cory, when you have an idea, you need to stop and think about what will happen after you do it.” He sniffled again. “I wouldn’t do that if I knew she would get in trouble!” His head jerked up to look at Kylo. “I promise!” “I believe you. Let’s go apologize to her and Lyn, okay? And Mr. Andy. And give him his keycard back.” For the second time that day, the two approached the daycare check in desk. The attendant eyed Cory. “You gave us quite a scare,” he commented with a nervous chuckle. Kylo squeezed Cory’s shoulder encouragingly. He held up the stolen keycard. “This is for Mr. Andy, I’m sorry I took it.” He scuffed a shoe against the floor. “Can you get Lyn? Cory wants to talk to one of the other kids.” Lyn came out and Kylo explained what happened to her. She watched Cory with a sharply arched eyebrow, but agreed to let him talk to Madeline. They followed her back through the center to the 5 and 6 year-old classroom. Cory headed straight for a skinny girl with curly black hair who was sitting alone at a table in one corner of the classroom with a coloring sheet. None of the other kids so much as glanced her direction. She looked up at Cory as he approached, then pursed her lips and bent her head, intently ignoring him. Cory sat down at the chair next to her, not saying anything. Eventually, her hand slowed, and she looked up at him, moving her hands in a rapid series of motions. Cory waited for her to finish, then lifted his hands and responded with a series of his own. Kylo’s jaw dropped. “I had no idea he knew sign language,” he commented out loud, half to himself. Lyn smiled, watching the pair talk, hands flashing back and forth. “It was a nice surprise. We have a translator, but she has to rotate through the classrooms during lessons throughout the day. When the kids have unstructured playtime, she doesn’t have any way to talk to anyone. I know a little bit, enough to get by with her.” Lyn’s smile wilted. “But I can tell she’s really lonely. She doesn’t have any friends. When Cory got here he went straight to her, like he could just tell. They talked nonstop the whole time. I had to tell them to be quiet during the lesson.” “Why is there only one translator?” Lyn shifted uncomfortably next to him. “We don’t have the budget for more.” Kylo frowned. “That will change. I’ll talk to Hux.” Cory came skipping back to Kylo. “Ms. Lyn, can I stay here for the rest of the day? And tomorrow too? And the rest of the days?” She looked at Kylo. “If it’s okay with your dad.” Kylo smiled. “Of course it is. I’m really glad you made a friend.” Cory reached up for a hug, wrapping his arms around Kylo’s neck so his feet dangled off the ground. “Bye kid,” Kylo told him, ruffling his hair. “No more breaking out of daycare.” He stuck out his pinkie, and Cory curled his pinkie around Kylo’s. “Promise,” he responded, before running back to color with Madeline. Kylo congratulated himself on how well he handled the situation all the way back to the office, then frowned. He’d still have to tell Rey. He suspected she was a lot more immune to Cory’s pouting faces and a lot better at actual discipline. When he returned to his office, a single legal envelope sat atop the dark wood, thick with documents. He shut his office doors slowly, staring at the envelope. He sat down, untying the clasp and sliding out the large stack of papers. Each one was marked with First Order insignia in the upper right corner. Many were marked with a red non-disclosure stamp. Kylo paged through the documents, trying to make sense of what he was looking at. After several minutes, he frowned at the reports, scanning the information again and again. Snoke and Hux had bought up a significant number of shares in Imperial Tech over the last several months, the actions buried under proxy purchases and confusing legal jargon. But he didn’t remember seeing any copies of a Form 4 filed by their legal department. According to the report, he should have seen several. One or two failures to file might have been an error, just a mistake in management oversight. First Order was a huge company, it was conceivable. But this many times? Kylo shook his head to himself . Not possible. Snoke and Hux hadn’t breathed a word of this to Kylo, further confirming Kylo’s suspicions. This merger was probably confirmed months ago. All these meetings have just been a cover. A long, slow, carefully planned cover. Kylo threw the reports down and slammed his fists so hard against the desk that they stung. A light popped up on his phone – Mitaka. He pressed the intercom. “Everything’s fine, Mitaka.” “Just checking in, sir, I heard a loud…um noise.” “It’s nothing. Just dropped something.” “Very well, sir.” “Mitaka? Did you leave this envelope on my desk?” “What envelope?” “White, legal size, no return address. No post mark, either.” “Definitely not, sir. You know I only give you mail in the morning.” “Did anyone come by since I was out?” “I didn’t see anyone. But I went to the restroom a couple times.” Thanks, that will be all.” Kylo let go of the intercom button. He sunk into his desk chair, rubbing his eyes. Then he pulled out a decanter of Cognac and a glass, pouring far more than a Tuesday afternoon at the office justified. His hand shook slightly as he took a long sip. He forced himself to think the words he’d been avoiding since he first read the reports from the mysterious white envelope. Insider trading. He fumed, flinging his glass across the room. It crashed against the far wall, splashing the expensive liquid in a wide blotch across wall and floor. The broken shards of glass twinkled with the light from his enormous floor-to-ceiling windows. He immediately cursed, reminding himself that he couldn’t let Mitaka, or anyone else, think anything was out of the ordinary. He slumped back into his chair, curling his fingers around handfuls of hair to stop their shaking. He knew First Order could hardly be called an ethical company. Snoke was ruthless, crushing competition by any means possible. Kylo himself had carried out many decisions that made him queasy. But nothing illegal. Nothing that could send them to jail. He shook his head. He could not let that happen. His mind rolled, picking up and discarding ideas as he thought about how to handle this situation. He fingered the documents, then abruptly shoved them back into the envelope and locked them in his safe in a cabinet behind his desk. Out of sight. But not out of his mind. Fury rose, directed at Snoke, at Hux, at himself. I should have paid closer attention. This is my fault for not noticing. He thought about Rey, back in his life, and Cory, new to his life, but he couldn’t imagine his life without them anymore. He couldn’t give Rey a reason to leave. He had to be certain she would never find out about this. That no one else ever would. Chapter 11 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo got his wish. Every morning for the rest of the week, Rey let him pick her and Cory up and drop her off at work as well as bring them home in the evening. She wasn’t the most pleased about Cory being in First Order daycare, but Kylo promised it would just be until kindergarten started in the fall. He was fairly certain she wouldn’t tell her coworkers where her kid was spending his days. It took Cory until Wednesday evening to ask them if they were “together already.” Rey didn’t even bother to ask him where he heard that phrase, immediately blaming Poe and Finn. Cory was silent on the matter, but beamed when Rey confirmed that, yes, they were “in a relationship.” “So when are you going to get married?” Rey just groaned and rubbed her forehead while Kylo laughed. Rodger attempted to smother his own laughter as he overheard their conversation. Kylo didn’t intervene while Rey attempted to explain, curious about what she would say. “That’s not always how it works, Cory.” “Well why not?” “Because!” “That’s a stupid reason,” Cory huffed. Kylo leaned over to whisper in Cory’s ear. “I agree, kid. But we have you let your mom figure that out herself.” Kylo tried to act normal around Rey, who gave him suspicious looks every time he lapsed into distracted silence. After she asked him for the fifth time in the last three days what was wrong, he snapped. “ Nothing is wrong. Work is stressful. Snoke is breathing down my neck. Hux is insufferable.” “He’s always insufferable,” Rey muttered. “I can’t help but feel like something more than just work is going on!” Kylo tossed down the wooden spoon he was holding, splattering red sauce across the stovetop. “Just give it a rest, Rey!” His punch of volume drew a sharp look from Cory, whose gaze moved between his parents with visible unease. Rey’s eyes narrowed and she stepped closer to Kylo, her voice a low hiss. “Cats and dogs, Kylo. Keep proving me right.” Kylo took a deep inhale and peered at the ceiling, letting out a long exhale before looking back at Rey. “Please stop asking me what’s wrong. Don’t you think I would tell you if something was up?” Rey folded her arms across her chest and studied the ground. Kylo rubbed his hands gently up and down her arms, pulling her into a hug. She sighed, relaxing against his chest. “Okay, I’ll stop asking. I just…I have a bad feeling in my stomach that won’t go away.” He brushed a strand of hair off her face and pressed a kiss to her forehead. “I promise nothing is going on. It’s just work. It’s a lot right now.” “I know you’re busy, but do you want to go camping this weekend? Poe and Finn want to get up to Itasca. Poe says he misses smell of the pine trees.” “You’re going to drive four hours so Poe can smell trees?” Rey gave Kylo’s shoulder a playful shove. “You know it’s my favorite place to camp.” Kylo smiled crookedly. “I don’t think ‘favorite’ is a strong enough word. When are you guys leaving?” Rey fiddled with a handful of basil on a cutting board. “Tomorrow, around noon.” Kylo stirred the red sauce a little too vigorously. “Campsites up there get booked out weeks in advance.” Rey started picking the basil leaves of their stems. “This wasn’t really a last minute thing.” Kylo didn’t ask when Rey planned the trip, feeling a little stung. She still resisted him being in her life in many ways, acting sometimes like Kylo was more of a casual friend of the family. He wondered how many more weeks she’d keep it up. But the idea of forgetting about work and the impending disaster appealed to him. A few days off, then he’d really buckle down and deal with Snoke and Hux on Monday. “I’d love to come,” he responded warmly. Cory whooped from the table, looking up from his book with a grin. “Mom says there’s a giant fire where the people watch towers…wait no, that’s not right. There’s a giant tower where the people watch fires! Can we see it?” Kylo grinned back at him. “The Aiton fire tower. We can even climb it. I don’t have my gear anymore, Rey.” “It’s okay, we can fit in our tent. Probably. Cory’s small.” Corry huffed and pouted. “I’m not that small. I’m almost six! And Dad’s a giant.” Kylo shot Cory a mock hurt look. “Thanks, kid.” “Well you are!” He protested. Rey smiled at Kylo. “It’s fine, we’ll make it work.” Kylo scratched his head. “I don’t think I have my backpack or anything either, I’m not even sure where they went. I don’t remember getting rid of them.” Rey’s face was mild as she stirred the pasta boiling in a large pot. “I have them.” Kylo’s eyebrows shot up as he waited for her to continue. “There were with my old stuff. In storage. At Poe’s parents’ house. I guess you must have left them with my camping stuff, when…well either way, I have them.” Kylo’s eyebrows went up higher. Rey bit her lip and sighed. “I couldn’t bring myself to throw them away.” He didn’t know what to say, but her confession stirred up warm optimism that washed away some of his earlier fears. Kylo went in at a ridiculously early hour for a half-day at his office. The building was eerily quiet, not even Mitaka was in yet, so he left one office door open. He was pouring over reports, hunting for a way to cover-up Snoke and Hux’s activites, when he glanced up and jolted. Phasma stood leaning on a door jamb, arms crossed. In four-inch stilettos and a sleek sheath dress in dark red, she cut an imposing figure. Kylo understood why employees called her “Captain Phasma” behind her back. He was certain she knew about the nickname, and probably took some pride in it. He took a deep breath, heart still racing. “How long have you been standing there?” She narrowed her eyes at him briefly before answering. “A while. Those reports must be engrossing.” He tried to casually cover them with his arms, pretending to straighten the haphazard piles while actually shuffling them under each other. “Just trying to stay focused and get as much done today as possible.” Phasma pursed her lips. “Something else requires your attention?” Kylo gulped. “Nope, I’m just leaving early today.” She took several long steps into his office and he leaned further over the papers. “That’s probably a good idea. You seem more stressed out than usual.” Kylo hid a frown. He hadn’t talked to Phasma all week, there was no way for her to know that. “Actually, I’m going camping.” “With Cory and Rey?” Kylo’s fingers twitched. Why does she know so much? He wondered. She answered like she read his mind. “You know I was around when you left The Resistance for First Order. That was about when Rey left you, wasn’t it?” Kylo cleared his throat uncomfortably. This must be the longest non-work related conversation he’d ever had with Phasma. “Yep, that sounds about right.” “That decision must have upset her a lot.” Kylo sucked his lips against his teeth. “She wasn’t happy about it.” “How does she feel about you working for First Order still?” Kylo smirked. “Well she’s working at TC United now, so not great.” Phasma’s face played at a knowing smile. “Be careful not to let work get in the way of your family, Kylo.” He chuckled nervously. “Hux told me pretty much the opposite last week.” Now Phasma smiled. “Yes, well, Hux has his priorities a bit mixed up. And he doesn’t have a son to take care of.” Kylo shifted in his chair, growing increasingly uneasy. “I’ll keep your advice in mind.” Phasma narrowed her eyes at him again before nodding and leaving his office. Kylo waited until the click of her heels disappeared down the hallway before letting out his breath. What in the world was that? Kylo stared out his office door several more minutes. He felt more shaken than the conversation warranted. Phasma had never been one for small talk. She was the most efficient person he knew, nothing escaped her notice and she wasted no time doing anything without a purpose. He recalled finding Cory with her several days before, doing crafts at her desk with no apparent intention of calling him to get Cory. The two memories followed him around for the rest of the day, leaving a tiny knot of apprehension in his stomach. They didn’t leave at noon. Poe and Finn arrived late because there was a bat stuck in their garage that needed to be freed. Cory and Kylo ran for donuts and coffee while they waited for Poe and Finn, and then stopped at a bookstore and lost track of time. When Rey finally bundled them into the van, she realized she left all their windows open and ran back inside to close them. By the time they got on the road, it was 2 p.m, and their coffee was cold. “At least we have donuts!” Cory exclaimed, pulling out a donut generously covered with powdered sugar. Rey turned around from the front row and stared at Kylo. “You bought him a powdered donut?!” “It’s what he wanted!” Poe looked up from the Scientific American article he was reading in the passenger seat. “Hey Rey! Guess what makes sweat stinky?” “ Really Poe?” “AUCCKK,” Cory sputtered, spitting a mouthful of white crumbs across Kylo’s lap. He coughed several times, sending puffs of sugar into the air. “That is exactly why you don’t buy powdered donuts for road trips,” Rey smirked at Kylo. “Sweat is stinky because all the bacteria living on your skin break the chemicals in sweat down into acids!” Poe continued. “Ewwww!” Cory cried around more coughing. “I don’t want bacteria on me!” He rubbed a hand down his arm, leaving behind a sticky trail of sugar. Kylo tried to brush the crumbs off his jeans. “Does anyone have some paper towels or something?” A travel pack of Wet Ones smacked him in the face. He looked up to see Rey still smirking at him as she shoved earplugs in. “Good luck!” She waggled her eyebrows before pulling a sleeping mask over her face and sprawling across the bench seat. “How much longer to the fire tower?” Cory inquired, waving his donut around and dropping more crumbs across the floor. Kylo sighed. When they finally made it to the campsite and crawled out of the van, everyone was exhausted, stiff, and a little crabby. Kylo inexplicably found a gummy bear stuck to his butt, which he held up to Rey with a bewildered expression. She shrugged. “Welcome to the world of driving with a kid. Mystery candy in your clothes will be the least of it.” After setting up their campsite, Kylo dragged their sleeping bags into the tent Rey, Cory, and him were supposed to share and unrolled them. The edges all overlapped. Rey was right, it was going to be a tight squeeze. A shadow passed and Rey unzipped the door-flap, poking her head. “Scootch!” Kylo obeyed, sliding across the sleeping bags until one head brushed into a sloped side. Rey left her boots next to his just inside the flap, and flopped back onto the sleeping bags with heavy sigh. Kylo joined her and they laid in silence for a few minutes, enjoying the rest. “Where’s Cory?” Kylo asked after a while. “Finn and Poe took him exploring. For exactly one hour and fifteen minutes.” She glanced at her watch. “That means we have approximately one hour and ten minutes of alone-time left.” He wrapped an arm around her waist, dragging her against his side and nuzzling her neck. “That sounds heavenly. What are we going to do for a whole hour and ten minutes?” He sucked a breath as she slipped a hand under his shirt and teased the crest of his hips with soft fingers. “I can think of a few ways.” Their lips met in a long, open kiss. Rey moaned into his mouth when he ran his hands along the inside of her thighs, slipping his thumbs under the edge of her shorts and pressing them against her sensitive mound. They sat up and he pulled her into his lap, groaning as she wrapped her legs tightly around his back and ground her hips against his rising erection. He curled one hand into the loose hair at the nape of her neck, and undid her pants with the other, dragging two fingers down her soft curls and sinking them into her wet slit. She gasped against his neck as he stroked her most sensitive spots with tantalizingly slow motions. She bucked her hips, urging his fingers on, and he chuckled, whispering into her ear. “Slow down, we don’t have to rush.” She gave him a devilish look before throwing his hands off her and pinning his wrists to the tent floor behind him. He rocked back, resting on his elbows and just stared as she hurried out of her clothes. She grinned at him again before settling back down on her knees and ripping his off. He pulled her back into his lap, trailing a slow hand down her flat stomach to resume his teasing, but he knocked his hands aside, yanking on a handful of his hair. “I just wanna fuck,” she growled. “I sat in a car for four hours thinking about nothing else.” “Yes ma’am,” Kylo smirked, gasping when she plunged herself onto him, tucking her legs around his back again. He grabbed her hips, marveling at the soft curves she’d developed over six years. He caught her slight grimace and paused with concern. “What’s wrong?” “Pregnancy weight that never went away,” she frowned. “What?” She nodded down to his hands. “My hips. Never can get rid of it.” He tightened his hold on her, yanking her tighter against him. “I love it. I loved your body before, and I love it now.” She pursed her lips, still frowning. “You can be as self-conscious as you want, Rey, or think whatever you want to think about your body. You can hate it, you can love it. It’s yours. But you never have to worry about me being unhappy with it.” He smoothed kisses across her collarbone. “Besides, you made a fucking person with your body. That’s incredible.” She chuckled. “That it is.” She let go of his hair for a moment to cup her breasts. “Plus there’s this pregnancy weight that never went away. Can’t say I mind that much.” Kylo nibbled on an earlobe, dragging his hands along her sides to replace her hands with his. “Perfect,” he whispered to her. “It’s all perfect.” She giggled. “Thanks for the ego boost. Now where were we?” He grabbed her hips again, pulling her all the way onto him, filling her. “Right here,” he murmured, thrusting into her with each word. She tipped her head back, moaning. They pulled into each other with slow, matching rhythms, lips brushing and foreheads pressed together. Kylo snaked a hand between them, savoring Rey’s every shudder as he barely brushed a fingertip along her clit. They moved together for a long time, teasing each other, fingers slowly exploring every inch of skin. Rey writhed against him, panting, silently begging him for more. He grabbed her waist, thrusting up into her faster and harder. Rey tightened around him, hot pleasure rising. Twined together, they plunged into each other again and again until they both peaked. Shaking and sweaty, they melted against each other. Rey rested her head on his shoulder and he traced indecipherable patterns along her back with his fingers. “How much longer?” He mumbled against her skin. She checked her watch around his shoulder. “20.” He tilted her backwards until she was laying on a sleeping bag, and hovered over her. “That’s plenty of time,” he said, dropping kisses down the taut skin of her sternum. “For what?” He squeezed her legs before slowly pulling them open, feeling his cock jumping already at the sight of her, flush and swollen. He grazed his lips along her exposed cunt, licking and sucking on the skin as she squirmed and moaned. “For this,” he answered, his words vibrating against her groin. He dipped a soft tongue into her wetness, with his cum still dripping out of her, before sliding it up to her clit, pulling it tight against the flicks of his tongue. Her moans rose again and again. She didn’t last 5 minutes. Notes: Sorry it's short! And that it's been like 398593857 years since I posted the last chapter. I promise another chapter by the end of the week! Chapter 12 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Embers were popping and crackling in the fire pit by the time Cory got back with Finn and Poe. He ran in tripping strides towards Rey, one hand tented over the other in front of him. “Mom, I got you something!” She crouched down in front of him and he opened his hands. Rey shrieked, a hand flying to her face and Cory cackled. Rey shrieked again but it dissolved into a giggle. Kylo leaned down to inspect her face and saw a green tree frog clinging to her cheek. He waited for her to freak out but she grinned. In one moment she went from the no-nonsense mom he’d come to know to the playful, whimsical girl he remembered. “Ahhh his feet are tickling me!” She exclaimed. Cory snickered when Rey crunched up her face as the frog crawled up her face. He held up an open palm where another frog sat. “I have another one!” “Two whole frogs at once? I dub you the Master Frog Hunter!” She picked up a stick and pretended to knight Cory. They dissolved into another round of giggles when his frog jumped onto his face as well. “We match!” Rey grinned at him. “Did you know these types of tree frogs can change color?” Cory’s eyes grew. “Like a chameleon?” Rey gently nodded, trying not to dislodge the frog. “Yep, they can turn grey or brown to blend into tree bark.” “Coooool,” Cory gasped, lightly tapping a finger against the frog’s back. Rey reached into a bag behind her, nonchalantly pulling out two jars with tiny holes poked in their lids like she didn’t have a frog stuck to her face. “Guess what I brought us?” Cory scrunched up his face at the jars. “Umm…” “Firefly hunting kits!” Cory pulled the frog off his face. “Let’s go!” “How about tomorrow night? My tummy wants some s’mores!” Cory’s tongue poked out of his mouth while he weighed bug catching over s’mores. S’mores won. Kylo and Cory settled on a log together close enough to the fire to leave Rey hovering anxiously. “This is the best spot for roasting,” Kylo justified, pointing at the pocket of glowing coals. Father and son crouched, intently concentrating on evenly browning all sides of their marshmallows. Kylo gave him pointers, enjoying Cory’s proud expression as his marshmallow bloomed up with a perfectly golden texture. Rey sighed and speared a marshmallow with her roasting stick. “I don’t know how you guys have the patience.” She stuck hers directly into the flames, waiting all of five seconds for it to catch fire. She watched the flames lick around the white blob, leaving a black crust in its wake. “Some of us don’t enjoy a mouthful of cancer,” Kylo responded, cringing as Rey pulled the black shell off her marshmallow and popped it into her mouth with relish. “Mmmmm, cancer,” she hummed, putting her marshmallow back into the fire for another incineration. “People like you can’t be trusted,” Kylo muttered. The rest of the weekend passed too quickly. Cory appeared to be unimpressed by the height of the Aiton fire tower, citing the Space Needle as his “favorite tall building.” But 50 feet up the tower, he began to peer over the rails with nervous eyes. Another two flights up, he slumped dramatically against the rails, panting. “I’m too tired, just leave me here,” he moaned pitifully. Rey narrowed her eyes at him with a skeptical smile. “That’s fine honey, we’ll get you on our way back down.” Failing to get sympathy from his mom, he turned his lamenting doe eyes on Kylo, who gave a long sigh and leaned down. “Come on kid, hop up.” Cory grinned and launched himself onto Kylo’s back, wrapping his arms around his neck. Kylo croaked. “Too tight. You’re choking me.” When they reached the platform at the top, Poe insisted on a group selfie, ignoring the good natured ribbing Finn gave him about bringing his selfie stick. “You can make fun of me for days, but look at this picture!” Poe smiled, turning his phone around to collective “awwws.” He tapped his screen a few times. “Huh, the service up here is terrible. I’ll send it to you guys later.” “Later” was the next day right after they finished packing up their stuff and piled into the van. Kylo smiled faintly to himself as he saved the picture. “Set as wallpaper?” His phone prompted him. He immediately hit yes, smiling wider as the amorphous, multi-colored factor wallpaper was replaced with smiling faces. He tapped Rey on her shoulder and she turned around, eyes focusing on his screen when he held it up with a crooked smile. Spilling over with warmth, her eyes moved to his and she grabbed the front of his shirt, pulling him in for a soft kiss. “Ewwww,” Cory sputtered, sticking out his tongue. “Kissing is gross!” Kylo’s face lit up. “You’re going to be getting kissed before you know it!” He teased him. Rey covered her face. “Ugh no, don’t make me think about that. It’s ten years too early for that.” “Ten years?” Kylo asked, amused. “More like five.” Rey’s jaw dropped. “Ten? No way! That’s so young.” “I kissed my first girl when I was ten. Angela. Behind the swing set. We got caught and only I got detention,” Kylo recalled with a wry tone. Rey was adamantly shaking her head. She reached over and pulled Cory’s head to her chest, muffling his protests. “You mean he won’t be my little baby forever?” She wailed in mock dismay. “Mom!” Cory squirmed out of her hold. “You don’t have to suffocate me. I’m never going to kiss anyone.” Rey gave Kylo a satisfied look and he rolled his eyes. An hour and a half out from the Twin Cities, Rey spotted a farmer’s stand with fresh vegetables. “Stop, stop!” She yelled at Finn. “I want to get something!” Once out of the car, Rey greeted the farmer, who smiled at her with a creased and weathered smile. “These look delicious!” She commented, looking over some plump tomatoes. Mewing on her left drew everyone’s attention to a large cardboard box with a paper stuck to the front. The sign read “free kittens” in a thick scrawl. Oh no, Rey thought, watching Cory make a beeline for the box. He scooped out all three kittens at one time, settling onto the grass. “Too many barn cats?” Kylo remarked to the farmer. The man fiddled with the straps of his overalls, looking morosely at the kittens. “Some asshat just left the whole litter on the side of the road, a box of snacks for coyotes and foxes and god knows what else. I couldn’t just leave ‘em there. But my wife would have a conniption if I brought another box of cats home. So I’ve been giving them away. One couple took home a little orange fellow with a crate of tomatoes. ‘Nother old lady took the other stripey one.” He wilted a little. “Black cats and tortoiseshell cats though,” he shook his head. “People just don’t like them as much. Shame. Those guys are the friendliest of the bunch.” One black kitten with white paws hooked tiny claws, crawling up Cory’s sweatshirt to balance on his shoulder. He giggled as the kitten began to lick his ear. The tortoiseshell, which Kylo informed them was a she, was rolling around in the grass, hopping after gnats and crickets, tail beating furiously. Cory scooped her up and held her in the air under her front legs. “AAHHHH ZEEBeehhNYAAAAA,” he bellowed while the farmed guffawed. She squirmed and jumped out of his hands while Cory sang the rest of the song in gibberish mumbles. Rey peered around, frowning. “Where’s the other one?” “Right here,” Kylo answered, his voice lightly muted. She looked over his shoulder. The second black kitten was snuggled against his chest, dwarfed by his big arms. He was sound asleep. From behind her, she heard Cory running through a series of names. “Well you’ll obviously be Star Wars, looking all space ‘n stuff,” he rambled at the black and white kitten. “And you should be Dusty, because you look like you rolled around in the dirt. Dad’s should be…hmmm…Dad what do you want to name your cat?” Rey started to shake her head. OH no. “Okay Cory, let’s give the nice man his kittens back. We should get going.” She lifted up an armful of vegetables to the man. “I’ll take these.” Cory’s head snapped up from where the tortoiseshell had crawled into his lap and was batting at the paws of the kitten still perched on his shoulders. “Mom! We can’t leave them here! They’ll be so lonely.” Rey made a strangled noise. “Cory, we can’t take home all these cats. Maybe just one. Kylo, back me up on this?” Kylo looked over his shoulder with wide eyes, lips set in a soft pout. “But then one will be all alone, no brothers or sisters…” He gazed back down at the slumbering kitten in his arms with a forlorn expression. “That’s right!” The farmer interjected. “It’s good to raise kittens together, makes them much friendlier. Teaches them not to bite and scratch.” Rey’s gaze bounced back and forth between father and son, who stared at her with matching pitiful faces and doleful brown eyes. She let out a ragged, resigned breath. “I am NOT cleaning out three litterboxes!” Their faces brightened in unison and Cory scooped up the kittens, dancing around the vegetable stand with a cat in each arm. He ran up to Rey, butting his head into her stomach in lieu of a hug. “Thanks Mom!” He hoisted the cats into her face. “Star Wars and Dusty say thank you too!” She gingerly stroked the tops of their heads and sighed again. “You’re all very welcome.” She reached for her wallet. “How much do we owe you for the vegetables?” She asked the farmer. He beamed at her. “No charge! I’m just chuffed to see the rest of this little family stay together.” She smiled warmly at him. “That’s so kind of you. I wish we lived closer so we could come back.” He returned her smile. “I’m at the Union Depot farmers market every other Saturday. Swing by and let me know how the little guys are doing!” Rey crawled into the van and sat on the middle bench with Kylo and Cory, biting her lip as she eyed the tortoiseshell kitten. “Which one is this again?” She asked Cory on the other side of Kylo. “Dusty!” He looked up at her slyly. “Unless you want to name it…” The kitten crawled over and plopped into Rey’s lap, rubbing her face against Rey’s legs. She looked down and stroked the kitten’s mottled fur. “She looks like a turtle brownie,” she mused. “Turtle!” Cory crowed. “I like Turtle better.” He turned to Kylo. “Dad, what’s your cat’s name?” Kylo colored, ducking his head bashfully. “I think Olive is a good name.” Rey tittered and poked his pink cheek. “You were probably thinking about this as soon as you saw them,” she teased him. Finn let out a round of sneezes from the front seat. Rey gasped. “Oh my god, Finn, I forgot you’re allergic to cats!” “Ith’okay,” he snuffled. Poe grinned at them through the rearview mirror. “We’ll buy you an air filter as a welcome gift to the kitties.” Rey gasped again. “We need like, food and stuff! Poe, first Target you see, we’re there. We don’t need to add cat poop to the list of the things on the floor of this van.” Cory snickered. “Don’t worry Mom, if Star Wars poops I’ll make sure it only gets on you.” Rey heard smothered giggles from the front seat while she pursed her lips at him. “You mean you’ll make sure it only gets on YOU.” He stuck his tongue out at her and she responded with a cross eyed grin. Cory dissolved into giggles. Somewhere between stopping for gas and Target, Cory fell asleep, draped in snoozing kittens. Rey shushed everyone, leaning over Kylo to take dozens of pictures. “Why do you need so many?” Kylo whispered in her ear. “Because,” she responded with a smirk, swiping through them until she found the best one and then opened Instagram. Kylo gave her a long, sardonic look and she made a face at him. “What? Cory is a fan-favorite! His pictures get about twice as many likes as any of the others.” She pouted on the last few words and Kylo grinned at her. “Are you jealous of your own son’s cuteness?” She let out a long sigh, looking at Cory. “I would be if he wasn’t so damn adorable.” Kylo nuzzled her ear. “He gets it from his mom.” “We can hear you, you know!” Finn loudly whispered. “You guys are so cute it’s disgusting,” Poe added, but he followed it with a playful wink. Cory slept the rest of the way home, Rey nearly joining him as she snuggled against Kylo’s side. When they pulled into their narrow driveway, she shook off her drowsiness, poking Kylo’s shoulder. “Can you carry him inside?” Kylo gently eased Cory into his arms, kittens and all, and carried him into the house. “Leave the gear,” Rey told Poe and Finn, who were exchanging yawns. “Too tired to unpack. I’ll drive over your tent and stuff tomorrow.” “Thanks love,” Finn said, dropping a kiss onto her cheek. Rey dragged a litterbox inside and dumped some litter into it, followed by filling some dishes with food and water. She nodded at the little set up. “That’ll do for now.” She moved the front door to gather the mail that had accumulated on the floor. A heavy, legal sized envelope bulging with papers lay on top of some bills and an ad flier. She frowned, flipping it back and forth. There was no postage, and no return address. The white paper displayed only her name and address, written in an elegant cursive with bold backstrokes. She wandered into the kitchen, pulling open the envelope and sliding the documents out onto the counter. Her eyes widened when she saw the First Order logo in the corners. The document on the top of the pile sported an angry, red stamp. “CONFIDENTIAL.” She heard Kylo’s footsteps padding down the hallway and jumped, stuffing the papers back into the envelope and quickly dropping it into a drawer. Kylo appeared, yawning and rubbing his eyes. He wrapped his arms around her from behind and kissed her cheek. “I’m going to bed, sweetie. Are you coming?” Rey swallowed, her vision still filled with the image of the bright red stamp. “Yeah,” she forced out, trying to keep her voice light. “Just give me a few minutes.” Kylo didn’t seem to pick up on the tension in her voice, or he was just too tired to care. “Sure,” he responded, leaving her with another kiss. She waited until she heard the bathroom door close and the splash of water in the sink before she pulled out the envelope again. She paged through the documents, scanning them quickly. She didn’t need to puzzle over them. TC United had trained her how to read legal documents, especially those of large corporations. Her team spent a lot of time pouring over tax records and other forms they could get their hands on. Other teams monitored government organizations and programs for human rights abuses or illegal activity, but keeping tabs on government organizations was much easier than watching private corporations. They had to be able to spot the slightest discrepancies from the meager documentation and reports they had. And they had trained Rey well. She grew dizzier with each paper she flipped through. Legal forms, reports, memos – even emails – screamed at her with dark implications. Halfway through the stack, she stuffed them back into the envelope, bracing herself against the counter. Her vision swam and she didn’t realize she was crying until fat tears dropped onto the envelope, leaving ragged rings. She knotted her fingers in her hair, mentally arguing with herself. Maybe he doesn’t know. How can he not know? He’s COO. She traced the lines of her name on the envelope, smearing the tear-soaked ink. Whoever left this envelope for her had done thorough research, collecting absolutely everything they needed to bring down First Order executives. They had tied her to Kylo. They knew where she lived. Fury battled with panic, tightening her chest. She stuffed the envelope inside a plastic grocery bag and then shoved the bag far into the back of a closet. She heard Kylo exit the bathroom and then the creak of her bedroom door. She scrubbed her face, suffocating her anger and alarm like a pillow over a face. Numbness crept into her limbs. She went into the bathroom to wash away the remnants of her discovery, hoping the darkness of her bedroom would shield her red eyes from Kylo. She knew she would have to confront him. Tomorrow, a quiet voice lulled her, and she agreed with it. Tomorrow. Notes: I am soooo sorry this is a week late. I dropped my computer and dumped tea on it (the two incidents might have been related...) and it took a while to get my computer working again (by which I mean I left it alone for several days and it went back to normal. I guess the tea dried?). Chapter 13 Rey spent the next day in a brooding fog. Her thoughts turned over the documents hidden in her house with almost pathological intensity. Work was slow, giving her no respite from her thoughts. She played with, and discarded, the thought of striking up a casual conversation with someone from the team responsible for First Order enterprises. Even if she could get them to hint at any possible activity they knew of, she would never learn anything specific enough to be useful. She had to talk to Kylo. The knowledge dragged her down, growing heavier every hour. She phoned Finn and asked if she could drop Cory off for the night, saying she wasn’t feeling good. They were happy to do it. Then she texted Kylo. “I’m bringing Cory to Poe and Finn’s after work. Can I come over tonight?” Barely a minute passed before her phone chirped. “Always.” She forced smiles and light laughter when Kylo and Cory picked her up from work, trying to absorb herself in Cory’s enthusiastic stories from his day. Cory was thrilled when she asked him if he wanted to sleep over at Finn and Poe’s. She was vague with the details for the next morning, saying she would probably pick him up. “And then bring me to daycare?” He followed up. Rey swallowed. “Maybe,” she said mildly, inwardly wincing at her probably lie. She forced her thoughts to a dead-end. She didn’t want to think about tomorrow morning, but ever the practical one, had to have a plan. She dropped Cory off, waving at him from the car and waiting until she saw him through their kitchen window to drive off. Too quickly, she found herself listening to the quiet whir of the elevator as it rose 37 stories to Kylo’s penthouse condo. She raised her hand to press the doorbell but the door swung open as her finger hit the button. She always forgot Kylo had a video feed of his door. His face split in a grin that squeezed her chest. He leaned in to kiss her, sliding eager arms around her waist and pulling her inside. When he pulled away his smile faded as he eyed her nearly empty arms. “Where’s your stuff?” Rey took a steading breath. “I have to ask you something.” Instantly, his face grew wary. He stepped farther away and sat down on an elegant sofa. “Okay?” Rey perched next to him, half balancing on the edge with a sense of flight that put Kylo on guard. She gripped the handles of her purse before setting it on her lap. Avoiding his eyes, she unzipped the sleek bag and pulled the thick envelope out. Kylo didn’t even need to see inside to know what it held. She set her bag on the ground and settled the envelope in her lap, running fingers over the ripples in the paper where her tears smeared the ink. She finally looked up at him and her heart turned cold. His face was bloodless and hard, like marble, his features frozen in dread. He knew. “Tell me you didn’t have anything to do with this,” she begged him in a ragged whisper. Tears scratched at her throat. His features unfroze and grew dark. “Of course I didn’t! I found out last week.” She crushed the edges of the envelope, her fingers gouging into the paper. “You’ve know about this for a week?” He didn’t respond, only unfolded from the couch in a burst of agitation and started pacing. Her voice was disturbingly calm, but her words came like a punch to the face. “You lied to me.” A muscle in Kylo’s jaw twitched as he stared at the floor. “I asked you. I asked you what was wrong and you lied right to my face. And you made me feel bad for doubting you!” Almost indistinguishable, her frame shook with distilled anger, which mounted every second he was silent. “What are you going to do about it?” She asked through gritting teeth. Again, he didn’t answer, turning to look out a window at the sharp glint of the setting sun reflecting off glossy skyscrapers. “Kylo!” Rey’s voice had a steely edge of desperation. He turned around, planting his hands on his hips. She repeated her question with hard, punctuated words. “What are you going to do?” He let out a long breath and hung his head with a small shake. “I don’t know.” His apathy infuriated her. “You don’t seem to understand what this means.” He gave her a hard look. “I do, Rey.” Steel snapped and fear-fueled anger rushed in. She leapt to her feet, slapping the envelope down on the couch with such violence that Kylo flinched. “No! I don’t think you do. It means you could go to jail as an accomplice. Even if you have evidence you weren’t involved, you’ll be caught in the middle. It means every part of your life gets dragged in the public eye. Society loves to crucify white-collared criminals. Do you think this won’t affect Cory and me? I could even be under investigation. Our whole past will get dug up. Our lives will turn into fodder for morning talk shows. How I kept Cory from you, that I’m an unmarried mom who raised a kid while on tour with her band . You’ll be the evil fraudster of a power-hungry company and I’ll be the irresponsible, wild-child, lover – a youthful mistake. And my work…” Rey dragged her hands over her face. “I’ll get fired or let go for mysterious reasons, or forced to resign. It doesn’t even matter than I’m on a totally different team, TC United will be suspected for covering this up. This could ruin their entire reputation. Or this information could have come from inside TC United! We have no idea! What if the person who gave me these documents in the first place comes forward?” Kylo had shrunk under her tirade, looking even paler than she thought possible. “You don’t know that. It’s worst-case scenario.” His voice wavered. “No,” she bit. “It happens every time. Anyone at TC would tell you that.” Kylo raked a hand through his hair. “Rey, I don’t know what to do.” She crossed her arms. “Be the whistleblower and ask for protection.” Kylo blanched. “I can’t let this get out.” She growled in frustration. “Don’t make it worse by doing nothing or trying to find some equally illegal way out of it. You can’t cover it up!” Several agonizing and silent minutes ticked by as they stared at each other. Her face crumpled. “I can’t let Cory get caught in the middle of this.” Kylo stepped closer to her, arms outstretched in an attempt to soothe her. “Please don’t run away again. You can’t just take my own son out of my life like that. Think about what it will do to him.” A tear raced down Rey’s cheek. “Think about what it will be like for him when this all blows up. And it will. A company this big…it always comes out.” He licked his lips and haltingly shook his head, but didn’t say anything. He knew she was right. “It’s not just you, Kylo. It’s your whole world. Cory’s in your life, and that means your world too. And your world isn’t safe for him. And I can’t be the supportive partner and stand by your side. Because this isn’t some kind of decision we made together. You joining First Order was very much not a decision we made together. I have no obligation to live through the consequences of that decision. Cory especially doesn’t. I want him far away from this.” Her fierce logic punched holes in him. They stared at each other. Tears glittered on both their faces now. “I wish things were different,” Kylo whispered into the space between them. “I wish everything was different.” “It’s too late,” Rey said. She grabbed her purse. Kylo felt like he was trapped in glass, unable to move while he watched her. Rey crossed the room to the door, pausing with one hand on the knob to look back at him. “It’s too late,” she repeated, her fragile words barely audible. She slipped out. The door’s soft click was deafening. Chapter 14 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) 27 years ago He cradled the machine part, wondering what it was for. Shiny on some sides, gold, then silver, flashing metals as he turned it in his small hands. Gently rubbed a smudge from a surface machined so smooth it felt like glass. Every edge, perfect. The precision drew his eyes, sucked him in. He wanted to make something this beautiful. “What are you doing? Don’t touch that!” His father’s gruff voice, the part ripped from his fingers, sharp edges rasping against the child’s skin. “I’m calling your mother to come get you.” “No, please,” Ben pleaded. “I won’t touch anything, promise.” Chocolate eyes boring into his father’s face, begging him to reconsider. But Han already had his phone in hand. 24 years ago He paced around the kitchen table, eyes flitting between the front door and his contraption. His invention he thought with a proud sigh. With every pass, his fingers slid over a piece here, a part there, tenderly making sure everything was in place. He fiddled again with the satin ribbon perched on one surface. Deep blue, like the sky before night, he thought. Gold lettering flashed: “Third Grade Science Fair: 1 st Place.” The front door creaked open, keys rattling. He jumped, bouncing on his toes as he waited for his dad to take off his work boots and make his way into the kitchen. Han brought a scent Ben recognized from his earliest memories – machine oil, heavy and chemical, metal dust, sharp and clean, mixed with his aftershave, sweet like evergreens. Smelled like his Dad, smelled like home. He practically vibrated with anticipation. “Dad, look!” He shouted, jumping out of the way of his project to let his father admire every bolt and hinge. His father’s eyes scanned the small machine, pausing briefly on the blue ribbon. “Huh,” he grunted. “What’s it do?” “It’s a robot that folds t-shirts, look!” He placed a t-shirt into the loading tray delicately, then flipped a chrome switch on his controller, a birds-nest of colored wires and electrical circuits. Two metal arms lurched into action, pinching tong hands grasped the t-shirt edges and proceeded to fold with crisp creases and flush edges. Ben’s glowing eyes never left his father’s face as he watched the machine work. “What’s the point of a robot that folds shirts if you have to stand there and put a new shirt in every few minutes?” The glow blinked out. Ben fiddled with his single switch controller. He didn’t have words, they were squeezed out by the pressure in his throat. Han didn’t wait long for an answer, striding off towards his bedroom. The door slammed shut behind him. 17 years ago He followed his father down the hallway, voice rising. “But Dad! If you just altered the process a little bit you would save so much time! I did the math; 30 seconds per part, which adds up to 3 hours per day, which you could use to make more! You could finish this shipment a week before you need to.” Han just snorted. “ You did the math, okay, Ben.” Ben scowled, attempting to edge around his dad to look Han in the face. “I did. It all makes sense, please, just try –“ “NO, Ben. This system’s worked for the whole project so far, I’m not going to just up and change it on my guys and muck it all up because my 15 year-old son did some math.” “I already talked to the day foreman, she said it’s a great idea.” Han spun around and stopped so fast Ben almost crashed into him. “You did what? ” He growled. Ben blanched. “I just wanted to make sure…” “Never, ever, go behind my back again. Especially not to Trish.” “I wasn’t!” Ben protested, his adolescent voice cracking. “I wanted to be positive it would work!” “Well you wasted your time and Trish’s time. Good job. Maybe you need to find a summer job at a bookstore or something next year, someplace where dreamer’s schemes are welcome.” Han’s tone was scathing. He spun away from Ben and continued down the hallway and out of the house. Ben didn’t follow. 14 years ago Ben ripped open the letter, pulse jumping dangerously after he saw the bold, black insignia in the upper left-hand corner. The letter was from First Order. The envelope felt thin, which discouraged him. “ Dear Mr. Ben Solo, We are pleased to inform you that…” Ben whooped, waving the letter around wildly. His roommate poked his head in from the other room. Ben shoved the letter in his face. “I got the internship!! I got it! Me! I did it!” His roommate smiled at him, but it was tinged with jealousy. “Congrats, Ben. First Order, wow.” Ben didn’t respond, he was rereading the first several lines of the acceptance letter again, but he caught the envious tones in his roommate’s voice. Pleasure spread through him, chased by shame. He shouldn’t feel so pleased about the disappointment of all the other applicants. The prestigious, six month internship with First Order was one of the first things incoming freshman in his engineering program learned about. One student got the position at the end of the first fall semester. If they did well, First Order extended the internship six months at a time. If at any point, the student didn’t measure up, they cut them loose and started the application process over. The CEO himself, Snoke, conducted the final interviews and handpicked the winner. Every student who ever got the internship, even the ones who only made it one cycle, went on to dazzling careers in any field they wanted. Those who made it to graduation usually chose to stay with First Order. He reached for his phone to call his mom, then hesitated, deciding to wait until the next time he went home for the weekend. He wanted to see the look on his dad’s face when he told him. Ben smiled and sighed with relief as he imagined work at First Order instead of Millennium Falcon. No more micromanaging, no more being criticized for every tiny thing, even when he was sure he did it perfectly. People would actually listen to his ideas and trust him with important projects. It was like he could finally see his life in front of him, a life he looked forward to, one he made himself. Eight years ago “I love you.” The words slipped from his lips. Despite the din around them, Rey heard him perfectly. Her arms went slack around his neck. Even in the low light, he could see the fear glimmering in her eyes and he followed the movement at her neck when she swallowed. “Kylo…I…” Her lip caught in her teeth as she searched for words. This was the moment she hated the most. She had been so good at avoiding this moment. It had only been two months. This was happening too early. “I can’t…” She waited for the flush of humiliation, the glares, the words he might call her, like, “broken,” or “heartless.” That’s what they always told her she was. Or maybe he’d tell her how hard it was for him to get close to people, how special it was for him to love her (those were other things the men in her past often said). He’d make her feel so guilty she started to cry. But Kylo had a temper. Maybe he would yell and frighten and embarrass her. Yes, she decided. Kylo would yell. Instead, he smiled. A soft, small thing, meant just for her. He trailed the back of a finger across her forehead. “It’s okay.” His smile grew into a slight smirk. “I still love you.” Her eyelashes fluttered as she blinked and his smile grew slightly. Her breath whooshed out. He pressed a tiny kiss to the top of her head before tugging her hand. “C’mon, I can see Poe over there waving at us.” She followed him into the crowd, disoriented. She felt like her heart was trying to float out of her chest. She grabbed his forearm with her free hand and tucked herself against his side. Seven years ago “I love you.” Kylo thought he imagined it. He’d imagined Rey saying it plenty of times before. He looked down. She was nestled against his chest, chin tilted up, watching him. “I love you.” She didn’t blink, didn’t look away. Kylo smoothed a finger along her cheek. He’d waited patiently for almost a year to hear her say that. “Why now?” Rey wet her lips. “Last week. You said, ‘someday we should move to Australia. Maybe when we retire.’ I’m not even sure if you thought I was really listening. But you weren’t joking. You just said it. ‘We.’ Like it was just a given that we’d be together when we’re old and wrinkly. That’s when I realized you mean it.” Kylo stared at her wonderingly, a tiny smile playing on his face. “Mean what?” “You mean it when you say you’ll love me forever.” Kylo pressed a gentle kiss against her temple, lips lingering on her skin. “I do mean it.” They lapsed into warm silence, Rey running her fingers along the lines of Kylo’s forearm. “Can you say it one more time?” Rey giggled, turning in his arms to scatter little kisses on his face between words. “I love you I love you I love you.” Kylo laughed, squeezing his arms around her as she giggled again. He wasn’t bitter that it took Rey so much longer to tell him she loved him than it took him. Her dad died when she was five, then her mom ran away. She’d only ever had her grandparents, but they’d moved her all over the states and part of Europe for over ten years because of their jobs. There weren’t many things that Rey trusted, and not many people that she truly loved. Kylo knew how much it meant for her to say those words. Six years ago Rey hung up the phone, staring at Finn and Poe in wide-eyed shock. Then she broke into a huge smile. “We got the deal!” She screamed. Everyone broke into grins and cheers. Finn scooped her up into a bear hug, lifting her off her feet and squeezing her breath out. Poe planted a huge kiss on Finn. Everyone was slapping them on the back, offering their hugs and congratulations. Her head spun and her face ached from her smile. “Arrund ‘nn ze haas!” Chewie announced in his thick accent, pulling out glasses and filling them with everyone’s favorite drink. Another cheer went up from the bar. Someone shoved a whisky ginger in Rey’s hand and she stopped short, head whipping around the bar. “Where’s Kylo?” “He got a call like ten minutes ago, went outside,” Snap told her. Finn and Poe exchanged nervous glances as Rey rolled her eyes. “I’ll be right back,” she muttered. Once outside, she walked around the bar, looking for her boyfriend. She spied him standing under the circle of a street light, frowning at his phone. She went running at him with a grin. “Kylo!” She launched herself into his arms, and he caught her as she wrapped her legs around his waist. “Guess what?” Her eyes sparkled. He raised his eyebrows expectantly. “We got signed!!! Bruce just called. He wants us to come in tomorrow to discuss specifics.” She squirmed in his arms with excitement. “Can you believe it?!” He smiled wanly at her. “That’s really great Rey. You worked hard for this.” She stilled, jumping down from him and standing at arms-length. “We all worked hard for this.” Kylo nodded distractedly. His smile was gone. They stared at each other for several seconds. His face was hard to read under the harsh street light. “What’s wrong? Why aren’t you excited? This is our dream, Kylo!” She grabbed his hand, tugging him towards the bar. “Come on, everyone’s celebrating.” He pulled out her grasp and swallowed. “Hux called. I have to go in for an emergency meeting really early tomorrow morning. I have some stuff I need to get together for it.” Rey stared, slack-jawed and speechless. “Sorry, Rey,” he apologized lamely. It rang hallow. “This is really important.” She found her voice. “ This is really important. Kylo, we’re signed. This is it. We’re going places. Bruce said he’s already getting tour dates lined up. This means you can leave First Order. No more working for that slime-ball Snoke.” Kylo’s voice was cold. “That slime-ball is my boss, and First Order is important to me. I’ve been working there for years. I have to go. I can’t just drop everything else in my life because the band got signed.” Rey gaped, and Kylo tried to tear his gaze away from the lost look on her face. He reached out to brush her cheek with his hand but she flinched out of his reach. “I’ll call you later and we can talk about it,” he said, sounding hurt. He walked a few steps, then hesitated, turning back towards her. “Obi would be so proud of you,” he told her. She could barely see his profile from her spot, still under the street lamp. Rey watched the darkness swallow him as he walked down a side street to his car. Hot tears spilled down her cheeks and she angrily smeared them away. She sniffed, gathering herself up and plastering a bright smile on her face. It’s just work. He’ll come around. It’ll be fine. Then she marched back into the bar, determined not to let his mercurial moods ruin her night. The Resistance just got signed. She was literally watching her life-long dreams come true. She wished so hard her grandpa was here to see. He didn’t come around. He showed up at her apartment the next afternoon, and announced his decision with robotic neutrality. “I’m leaving The Resistance.” Rey’s eyes glimmered with tears as she stared at Kylo. His face was impassive, cold. Like a stranger’s face. “How can you do this to us?” “Do you really think The Resistance has a future? We’re a little band from the Midwest. There’s a million like us.” “We just got signed by a pretty big label. We have a tour lined up. We already have a future.” He set his mouth in a hard line and looked away. “I made this decision before we got signed.” Rey’s chin trembled. “So unmake it.” He watched her for a moment, a hint of sadness stealing over his face. “It’s too late.” “No, it’s not,” she growled. She ran her hands through her hair, attempting to blink away her tears. “This isn’t you, Kylo.” He took a step back. “Snoke is offering me a huge promotion. He basically promised me COO in a few years.” “But this is our dream.” “No, Rey. First Order is my dream. I never expected The Resistance to last this long.” He snorted. “Like being some kind of rock star is really something I ever wanted.” She felt like she’d been kicked in the stomach, ignoring his rock star comment. “What are you talking about? How come you never told me this? Why didn’t you tell me this before we started The Resistance?” “You never wanted to hear about it,” he bit back angrily. “Any time I brought up First Order you just shut down. You have this blind faith in The Resistance, like if you just kept working and marketing and pushing us we would make it.” “Kylo, we did make it. We did it. I was right. It’s all worth it.” His tone was frigid. “I’m not changing my mind. You guys will have to go on without me.” Tears streaked down Rey’s face. “We might lose the record deal because of this.” Kylo shrugged and Rey almost slapped him. “You’ll figure it out.” His face softened, and he took a step towards her, reaching for her hand. She smacked his hands away. “Don’t you fucking touch me,” she growled. Kylo froze, eyes wide. “You leave The Resistance with no warning. You’re not even sorry. And you expect me to what, be okay with it? Just keep on like nothing’s wrong?” His face filled with genuine remorse. “I am sorry, Rey. I don’t want to do this to you guys. But I just can’t be a part of the band anymore. It’s time to move on. And how can you ask me to give this up? I can’t just pass First Order by and throw all those years to waste because of some band.” “You say it like The Resistance is a pair of shoes that don’t fit anymore and not two years of sacrifice and tears and work.” He sighed. “It’s just…complicated. There is more going on at First Order. Things that are out of my control.” His eyes pleaded for her to understand. “That’s such bullshit,” she snarled. He opened his mouth to protest and she cut him off. “There is no possible reason that could justify this. Don’t even try.” His face grew wearied. “Rey, please, I can’t talk about it right now. Can you just trust me that this is the right decision? I promise everything will make sense someday.” Her jaw dropped. “Trust you?” She screeched. “I will never trust you again.” His face fell and she glared at him for another minute, limbs shaking. “I don’t even know who you are anymore. I feel like the last two years have been a lie. What about us, Kylo?” “What about us?” His tone was dark, menacing. His face begged her not to push further. “Am I the next to go?” “What?” He harshly demanded. “Well you’ll be needing a shiny new girl to go with your shiny new life. Someone with a rich daddy who will invite you out to golf. Has a job in marketing or PR or something. Lives in stilettos and never has chipped nails. Flawless makeup, perfect hair. Someone very much not like me.” “You are being so fucking ridiculous, Rey! What the hell does that mean?” Kylo snapped, slamming a fist against the wall nearest him. She stared, shaking with barely controlled rage, straining desperately to hold back the storm of tears waiting to break out. Without a word, she brushed past him, yanking open the door to her apartment. She held it open, her gaze level and firm on his face. “Get. Out.” “Rey?” Real fear shone on his face for the first time since the beginning of the conversation. Any compassion she might have had was quashed by her overwhelming fury. He gulped, taking hesitant, uncommitted steps out the door to stand in the hallway. Tears continued to spill the edges of Rey’s eyes, but she didn’t make a sound. She was still staring at him. “I’ll call you?” Kylo’s voice was hoarse. “No.” His throat welled and he started to regret everything he’d just said. First Order be damned. He couldn’t let this happen. “Don’t call me. Don’t see me. Don’t talk to me. Don’t even think about me. Just go.” A thousand words crowded his mouth, and he opened it to let them out, to tell her everything. He had to explain. And say what? Any explanation he gave her would just make her hate Snoke and First Order more, and him by extension. He snapped his mouth shut. He would give her time to cool off. She’s understand eventually. It would be okay. He backed away from the door, searching her stony face. Without another word, she slammed the door shut. The sound echoed through the building, making him feel like it was being slammed shut again and again. Rey slumped into a corner, wrapping her arms around her middle. Gasps came fast and heavy, she couldn’t breathe. Her last words to him hammered through her head. Her mind screamed with denial, as thought after thought flew through her head. That she would never hear his laugh again, the one she only heard when they were cuddled in bed and she said something especially hilarious. That she didn’t get to run her hands through his thick hair, or lose herself in their kisses, every one of which had always been perfect. Dreams were dying within her, shriveling up one at a time until her future was swallowed in murky darkness. Rey cried for hours, curled up in her bed in a huddle of hot tears. She eventually called up Finn and Poe to meet at their place. Her conversation with them about Kylo was short and sparse. She told them in as few words as possible that he’d left The Resistance for First Order. They sat in silence for several minutes, Finn with his arm around Rey and Poe with his chin on Finn’s shoulder on the other side. Poe broke the silence. “Have you talked to Bruce yet?” Rey shook her head. She let out a deep, weary breath. “What are we going to do? We can’t play without Kylo. We’re fucked.” She swallowed back more tears. “Snap?” Finn offered. “He’s played with us before. He’s pretty good. Works really hard, I’m sure he’d catch up to us soon.” Rey nodded slowly. “Let’s talk to him.” “I’ll call him,” Poe volunteered. While he dialed and waited for Snap to pick up, Finn turned to Rey. “How are you guys?” He murmured. The question was mostly a formality. Her red eyes told him everything he needed to know. Rey morosely shook her head. “Over.” Finn pulled her closer and pressed a gentle kiss on her temple. “I’m sorry, sweetie.” She slumped against Finn, swallowing. “Me too.” They turned their attention back to Poe, who was explaining the situation to Snap. Poe’s voice sounded encouraged and his face looked hopeful when he hung up. Finn’s eyebrows went up. “What does Snap think?” “He was touched we asked him, but obviously he wants to talk about it. I told him to come over. That okay?” Poe directed the question to Rey, who nodded weakly while she stared at the carpet. Poe and Finn shared a sorrowed look. Finn gave Rey another squeeze. “It’s going to be okay.” A week passed without a word from Kylo. Part of Rey was disappointed, even though that’s what she’d told him she wanted. She wished he had fought her on it. She’s never outright told him to choose between her and First Order, but it seemed she’d lost to First Order anyway. Bruce was livid about Kylo leaving, but his anger mostly subsided when he heard Snap play. They’d have to delay the tour and reschedule several dates, but they didn’t lose the deal. Rey tried to be happy about it. Her thoughts were so preoccupied with The Resistance and Kylo that she didn’t notice her period was late. She had never been very regular. It’s probably the stress, she told herself. Still, she trudged to CVS and bought a pack of pregnancy tests to dispel her nagging doubts. The indicator remained blank for far longer than Rey thought it should. Just when she was about to throw it away and get another one out of the box, something started to form. Two lines, slowly resolving into a pink plus sign. Positive. She was pregnant. She slumped against the wall and slid down to sit on the faded linoleum. The test trembled in her hand, the pink plus sign smearing in her vision. She dropped it, folding both hands over her abdomen. There was a ball of cells in her. And if she let it, it would turn into an embryo, then a fetus. Then, a baby. She counted the months in her head. In March, she would have a baby. A spring baby, she mused. She imagined her stomach swelling, and rubbed her middle. Then imagined herself taking a trip to the clinic. It would be a strain on her bank account, but then she’d be free, with one less thing to worry about. Indecision roiled inside her. It didn’t feel real. She stayed curled up in the bathroom for a long time. Then she sighed, reaching for her phone. It didn’t matter how furious she was at Kylo, she had to tell him. She wanted to tell him. She refused to let herself wonder what this meant for their future, pushing away images that glimmered hope into her mind. She hit his speed-dial number on her phone, but before she pressed call, her phone buzzed. Leia. Unconcerned, she answered the call. Leia called her often, it would probably be short, an invitation to dinner or something. Maybe Kylo had told Leia about their breakup and she was calling to check in. “Hey Leia,” Rey answered. “Rey.” Leia’s voice wavered, thick and unsteady. Concern welled inside her. “What’s wrong?” A pause. “It’s Kylo.” “What happened? Is he okay?” Leia sniffed. “I don’t know what’s come over him. Snoke just left Han’s office. First Order is buying out Millennium Falcon.” Rey’s mouth went dry. “What are you talking about? That’s impossible.” Leia sniffed again, swallowing past tears. “He said Kylo himself made the decision and was setting the terms. He’s in charge of the whole thing.” Rey began to feel sick. “This can’t possibly be right. How does that even work?” “First Order has been buying up all the companies Millennium does business with over the last year. They drove us into the ground, we’re barely scraping by. The bank is demanding we pay back our loans, even though we have ten years and we’ve never missed a payment. Snoke’s doing, I’m sure. Not that we could prove it. It’s all technically legal, as far as we can prove.” Rey reeled. “I didn’t know about any of this.” “We kept it to ourselves until we could figure out what the hell was going on. Kylo wouldn’t talk about it. Now I know why.” Leia bit back a sob. “Can you please talk to him? I know he’ll talk to you. He won’t answer any of our calls for the last week.” Rey hesitated. “We aren’t really…together right now. We aren’t even talking. After how he left the band…We got into a really big fight.” Leia inhaled sharply. “I’m sorry, I didn’t know, Rey.” Rey murmured vague condolences. “I could try, Leia, but I doubt he would say anything to me. I don’t particularly want to talk to him.” That’s a lie. She picked up the pregnancy test and ran a finger over the display. A few quiet moments passed before Leia sighed mournfully. “Rey, I don’t expect you to fix this. But if you do talk to him, could you ask? Anything would be helpful.” “I’ll try,” she half-whispered. It was an empty promise. “Thank you.” They hung up, Rey let the phone slip out of her grasp and it thunked onto the linoleum. Her breath came in short wheezes as she sobbed into her hands. Her sobs turned into strained gasps, and she grew dizzy. Her stomach roiled – she crawled to the toilet and emptied her breakfast into it. She curled into a ball next to the wall, counting through slow breaths in her head. She hadn’t had a panic attack since her grandfather died, but she remembered how to deal with them. Like riding a bike, she thought bitterly. She pulled an instant ice pack out from under the sink, popped it and shook it to life, then pressed it to her neck. After several minutes, her skin was numb, but her breathing was steadier. She shakily got to her feet and padded into her bedroom. She crammed a couple changes of clothes, toiletries, and some cash into her backpack. She had to get out. She just needed to be away for a while. The events of the last few weeks crowded her mind. Kylo leaving The Resistance. Their breakup. The uncertainty of their record deal. She was pregnant. First Order was destroying Han and Leia’s business. The thoughts loomed up, threatening to crush her down into panic again. I can’t do this. Away. I just need to be away. I can’t do this. Satine lived only four hours north, and she always welcomed unexpected visits. She scrubbed her face with the back of her hands, calming. A week up north, somewhere quiet. I’ll figure out what to do about everything. Maybe Kylo will snap out it. He can’t possibly put his father out of business. But the chilling indifference with which he told her he was leaving The Resistance protested all her thoughts. There was a part of him she didn’t recognize, a part of him capable of terrible things. It terrified her. She scribbled a little note to Finn with a promise to call the next day, taped it to her garage door, then shut off her phone. She just didn’t want to talk to anyone right now. They would try to talk her out of it, ask her what was wrong, why she was leaving. She didn’t want to deal with more pitying looks and sympathetic platitudes. Before long, she was on the highway, leafy aspen forests flashing past. She felt better with every passing mile. It’ll be okay, it’ll be okay, she chanted to herself. Notes: You guys get TWO new chapters today, mostly to make up for my looooong absence. I promise I don't forget about this! Chapter 15 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey lied to Cory. She’d never lied to him before, not flat-out. She told him Daddy was out of town on a trip for a while, and couldn’t talk on the phone. Cory believed her without a bat of his long, dark lashes. He asked when Kylo would be back and they could talk again. Rey said she wasn’t sure. Another lie. She’d have to tell him the truth eventually, but every time she pictured it, ready with the words in her head, all she could see was Cory and Kylo drawing cartoon robots, Cory and Kylo playing Star Wars on the floor of Finn and Poe’s, Cory and Kylo reading bedtime stories, fixing their hair side by side in the bathroom, nearly identical expressions of concentration pasted on their faces. Kylo patiently letting Cory dress himself, even when he picked the most distressing combinations of eye-sore patterns and colors. Their raucous laughter when they challenged each other to a spaghetti slurping contest and then Rey beat them both. Falling asleep in Rey’s bed in a jumbled heap, after watching Cory’s favorite movie for the third time that week. The memories followed her around at every turn, crowding out whatever words she strung together. She knew there were no words that wouldn’t hurt. Nothing she could say would make Cory understand. She spent hours replaying the first day she saw Kylo again, wondering what would have happened if she had went to the Thai restaurant up the block like Finn wanted. But as hard as she tried, she couldn’t force herself to wish it different. Instead, she wished for an answer. A sign. Anything that would tell her she was doing the right thing. But nothing came. She went to sleep every night as confused as when she woke up. The next weekend, she drove Cory down to Han and Leia’s for a sleepover. They’d made the plans long before, but Rey hadn’t spoken to them since she’d left Kylo. They both greeted them at the door with delighted smiles, despite the gloomy skies and heavy rains. “Ben – er, Kylo, couldn’t make it?” Leia asked with studied mildness. Rey looked away. “No,” she said simply. Leia and Han had a silent conversation over Rey’s head as she helped Cory out of his rain jacket and boots. Han glanced pointedly at Rey with a raised eyebrow and Leia flashed him a warning look, her eyes sliding worriedly to Cory. Han pursed his lips and nodded his chin at Leia, who gave a tiny shake of her head. “You do it,” she mouthed at him. Han scowled, quickly replacing it with a pleasant smile when Rey looked up. “Coffee?” Offered Leia. Rey nodded and slid into a chair. “I’ve got cookies for you, Cory,” Leia told him. He scrambled excitedly into a chair next to Rey. Leia set a mug in front of Rey, the perfect shade of milk chocolate brown. She expected it had exactly one scoop of raw sugar and a splash of cream, the way she liked it. Her mind flashed back to the coffee Kylo left her the morning after their first night back together. Kylo admired Han more than he liked to admit, but he was much more like his mother. They always remembered the little things. Rey’s eyes watered as she stared numbly at the steaming cup. Leia swiped some cookies from the plate and held her hand out to Cory. “Cory, I’ve got a bunch of your dad’s old toys in the basement, let’s go check them out. I’ll bring the cookies.” “Cool!” Cory jumped from his chair and grabbed Leia’s hand, excitedly pulling her down the flight of stairs to the basement. Han took his time pouring his own cup of coffee and then settled into a chair across the table from her. “I’ve never seen you so unexcited by coffee,” he joked. Rey looked up from her cup with a small sniff. “Sorry,” she said softly, her eyes dropping back down. “What happened, Rey?” Han asked, all trace of humor gone. Rey sighed deeply and transferred her stare to the fat raindrops rolling down a window over Han’s shoulder. “I thought he’d changed. I wanted to trust him.” Han steadily watched her. “Trust him to do what?” “Put Cory and I first. Over work.” Han hummed in understanding. “So this is about First Order.” Rey sipped her coffee and nodded. “More or less. Choices he’s made, and the one’s he’s currently making – they’re putting Cory and I in the way of possible danger. Not physically, I mean, our lives. The way we live.” Han frowned. “I’m not sure I follow.” Rey appeared to be intensely debating with herself. She crossed the kitchen to close the basement door and sat down again, leaning forward. “What I’m going to tell you, you absolutely cannot repeat. Not even to Leia.” “Rey, I can’t –“ he began before she cut him off. “I’m serious.” He studied her grave expression. “I can't lie to my wife. But I can promise no one else will know. "Okay,” she agreed reluctantly. Rey took a deep breath and launched into the story, starting with the mysterious envelope that appeared on her doorstep and ending with her last words to Kylo. Han’s face fell with every sentence. After she finished, they sat in dejected silence, Han with his hands on his head. He let out a long breath. “I can’t believe I’m saying this, but I kind of understand what he’s doing and why.” Rey stared at him in total disbelief. He gave a sad half-smile. “Now I have to tell you something.” Rey leaned back and folded her arms with a skeptical look, but nodded him on. He started with Kylo’s freshman year of college, and his “betrayal” to Millennium Falcon. Han’s mouth twisted throughout his story. “Leia and I were heartbroken, but looking back, I see why he did it. We drove him away, me especially. He was a brilliant kid. I should have trusted him with more, let him be more involved. First Order was a dream come true to him. But I don’t think he knew what he was getting into, with Snoke. That man really got into his head. And then they shut us down. Leia forgave him and tried to preserve some semblance of a relationship. But not me. I thought I would never forgive him. But I had a lot of years to think about it. A lot of years to ponder what went wrong.” He combed a hand through his hair, searching for his next words. “The first time he brought Cory over, we got to talking about you. About what happened. He told me some things that really spun my head.” Han chuckled. Hope flickered on Rey’s face. “What things?” Han recounted their conversation and when he finished, it was Rey’s turn to sit in stunned silence. Han held up his hands. “I’m not saying it’s right, or good, or what he should have done. But it does change things.” Rey nodded, swirling her now cold coffee in her mug. “I think it does.” She gulped down the rest of it anyway and stood up shakily. “I guess I should be going, I have some things to finish today. I’ll be by to get Cory tomorrow around two. Sound okay?” “Of course.” He offered her a hug and she gratefully accepted. “I don’t know if I made things easier or harder by telling you all that.” Rey smiled wanly. “I think harder, but I’d rather know. I’m glad you told me.” She shouted a goodbye down the stairs and then ran to her car in the pouring rain. When she got home, she sat in her car for a long time, soothed by the rattle of the rain on the roof. She sat, thinking. Days passed. The whole office knew something was wrong. Lyn gave him a curious look on his first day in without Cory. By the end of the week, her looks were pitying. He couldn’t stand walking past the daycare and started coming in on the other side of the building, even though it added a good five minutes on to his hike to his office. Mitaka fielded as many calls and issues as he could, taking care of everything that wasn’t absolutely dependent on Kylo. He wanted to think his assistant was doing it out of kindness, but he knew it was fear. Kylo kept his personal phone off during most of the day, in a desperate attempt to prevent himself from obsessively checking it for a call, a text, even an email, from Rey. At least twice each day, Kylo quashed the urge to march into Snoke’s office, tell him he knew the truth, and quit on the spot. Sometimes he wanted to call up The New York Times and spill everything, letting Snoke find out about it via a call down to the police office, or a furious call from his lawyer, or even a blurb on TV. But Rey’s face always appeared in his mind as she laid out the many ways First Order could ruin her and Cory’s lives, regardless of what he did. He kept silent. The following Tuesday, after Kylo sent the fifth intern crying from his office in a week, Phasma appeared in his doorway, unannounced. He ignored her, loudly shuffling through papers and banging on his keyboard. He didn’t hear her approaching steps and jumped when her palms came down the edge of his desk with an ominous thud. He finally looked up at her. Her plum blouse made her eyes look navy, their deep color intense and focused. Shame welled in him, like he was a child again, caught under the all-knowing stare of his mother after he’d broken something valuable. After a painfully silent minute, she spoke. “What are you doing?” Kylo knew she wasn’t referring to the papers and open laptop on his desk. With a stubborn set of his jaw, he defiantly answered. “I don’t know to what you are referring.” She gave one short shake of her head with a disappointed sigh, probably the largest display of any inner turmoil he’d ever seen from her. She leaned away from his desk and serenely folded her arms. “The merger meeting got moved to today. In an hour, in fact. Conference room A3.” Kylo swore. “No one's called or emailed. Why in hell would Snoke do that?” She slightly cocked her head. “Snoke makes many questionable decisions.” Without waiting for a response, she turned and strode out of his office, heels clicking on the hard floors of the hallway. He stared after her, again feeling unsettled by her visit, like the one several weeks prior. His intercom beeped. “Yes, Mitaka?” “Sorry, sir, I’m so sorry to disturb you, but an email came in, the merger meeting was moved,” “To today in an hour, yes I know. Phasma just told me. By the way, how does she get in here without me knowing?” Mitaka cleared his throat. “Ahh, she tells me I’ll get fired if I announce you.” Kylo almost smiled. “She can’t fire you, Mitaka, so don’t let her do that again.” Mitaka sounded like he might faint. “I’ll try, sir.” At least there was one person his staff was more afraid of, Kylo thought wryly. After another 40 minutes of attempting to focus on his work and miserably failing, he headed to the meeting. Every sluggish step reminded him this meeting was a lie, one he was now complicit in. He thought back to his freshman self, unbearably excited by the acceptance letter from First Order. What if I told that 18 year old boy that I would turn into a white collar criminal some day? Would I have chosen any differently? Kylo wanted to say he would, but he wasn’t sure it was the truth. He got to the meeting a moment before it was supposed to start and sat down at the conference table with barely a nod to Imperial Tech, the board members, or any of his staff in the room. Hux, ever the thin-lipped, snooty Brit, grimaced in his direction as Kylo remained cold and silent. The meeting started shortly after, and Kylo’s thoughts drifted, the discussion becoming a wordless drone in the background. His phone buzzed in his pocket, startling him back to the meeting. Hux heard it, and frowned at him. Kylo slipped it from his pocket to set it to silent, and his fingers froze when he saw the screen. One missed call from Rey Kenobi The phone vibrated again – it was Rey. His finger hovered between the accept and reject buttons. By now, several more people were looking his direction and Snoke’s face held a hint of disapproval. He let the call pass. His phone buzzed again. Rey, calling him a third time. Hux shot him a murderous glare and Phasma was watching with detached amusement. Kylo looked at his buzzing phone, then Snoke and the rest of the board, then back to his phone. He pulled up a blank text message. In merger meeting. Very important. What’s up? Her reply was almost instantaneous. Cory got hit by a car. It’s bad. They’re taking him to New Hope Children’s Hospital. Please be there. The voices of the meeting collapsed into each other and his head filled with a roar. Kylo stared at Rey’s text until his eyes started to burn. Then he started jamming things into his briefcase at random and shoved back out of his chair. The entire room stared at him, open mouthed, except Snoke, who was frowning deeply. He ignored them, heading for the door. Hux jumped up and followed him, wrenching his arm back before Kylo could leave. “What are you doing?” He hissed. Kylo leaned over his shoulder to address the rest of the room. “I’m sorry to leave this way, but my son got hit by a car. Frankly I don’t give a fuck about this merger. I hope you all have a lovely day.” Hux growled. “What are you doing? We’ve been working on this merger for the whole year. You’ve known that kid for barely three months.” “Hux? Go fuck yourself . ” Kylo swept out of the conference room without looking back. His insides got more and more twisted up as he drove recklessly through traffic to the hospital and parked haphazardly in the ER parking lot. He ran to the front desk. “My son just got brought in on an ambulance, where do I go?” The lady at the front desk pointed down the hallway and Kylo was already halfway to the waiting room before she even opened her mouth. He burst through the doors, nearly smacking into the glass when the automatic sensor didn’t move fast enough. Rey was sitting alone, crouched over in a chair, face in her arms. “Rey!” At the sound of Kylo’s voice she dropped her hands and relief wahsed over her face. He scooped her up, crushing her against his chest as he wrapped his arms around her. She sobbed for a minute before tilting her head back. He cradled her face in one hand. “What happened?” Her voice wobbled. “He was playing near the edge of the sidewalk, I’m not sure, I was reading in the yard. A car went past, the driver was texting or something, and he swerved into the other lane. I heard the noise...oh God, Kylo the noise it made. The driver got out, he was yelling and crying, and Cory was laying in the street. I called 911 and they wouldn’t let me get in the ambulance with him and I asked them if he would be okay and they just looked at me! There was so much blood.” She started crying again, and he pulled her closer, tucking her head under his chin. He pulled her tighter, half to steady his shaking limbs and half just to feel her near. He couldn’t even be glad to see her again – he would happily return to radio silence if it meant Cory was fine. “What about the driver?” Kylo asked, his voice rough. Rey sniffed. “I think they arrested him. I don’t know, I wasn’t watching.” Fury burned in Kylo, he wanted to track down the bastard and beat him to a pulp. Rey stilled in his arms. “Kylo? Don’t do anything stupid.” Her tone carried a warning. Kylo had connections. He could see the driver’s life was reduced to a miserable nothing – no job, no opportunities, total humiliation. He imagined making a few calls. He could have the driver fired, have his computer hacked, bank account drained – all of it untraceable. His stomach lurched at his own dark thoughts and he pushed them away. “Keep proving me right,” Rey had said to him once. I have to prove her wrong. I have to do better . At that moment, a doctor emerged from the double doors past the waiting room, gaze alighting on Rey. They were at her side in a flash. The doctor’s face was grim and Kylo’s heart sunk, his hand squeezing around Rey’s, waiting to hear the worst. “I’m Dr. Rema, I’m on your son’s case while he’s in the ICU. Cory is in critical condition. He has several broken ribs, his right arm is broken, he has a severe concussion, some internal damage, and considerable brain swelling.” Rey clapped her hand over her mouth and Kylo pulled her under his arm. “He’s also lost a lot of blood. But he’s stable, which is the best news I can give you right now. It means he’s strong enough for emergency surgery, and we’ll do everything we can to take care of the internal injuries. We’re going to closely monitor him and try to bring the swelling down. The next 48 hours are the most precarious. If the swelling goes down, his chances of making a full recovery are very high. Children, especially children as young as Cory, are very resilient. If it doesn’t, several things could happen.” Kylo’s voice was harsh and cutting. “Things? What things?” The doctor pressed her lips together. “He will probably slip into a coma and is very unlikely to wake up, or the swelling could be fatal.” Rey blinked while the words sunk in. Kylo wrapped the other arm around her. The doctor held up a hand. “But this is mostly speculative. There is really no way to tell at this point what will happen. Try not to expect the worst. My team will keep you updated as frequently as possible.” “Can we see him?” Rey choked out. The doctor shook her head, brown eyes soft. “I’m sorry, but not yet. We’re prepping him for surgery right now. Dr. Amy Stratson will be performing the surgery. She’s an incredible pediatric surgeon and he’s in very good hands. Hopefully a few hours post-surgery you will be able to see him. In the meantime, we have a private family room in the ICU you can wait in. Please let the nurses know if you need anything. I’ll have one of them check in on you periodically.” Kylo and Rey numbly followed the doctor through the doors and down several hallways to a small room with some couches, chairs, and a TV. Rey stood in the middle of the room, staring blankly at the furniture around her. Kylo pushed her gently towards a couch and they sat down, her head slumped against his chest. “It’s going to be okay, Rey,” Kylo murmured over and over, stroking her hair. Three hours passed. A nurse came and went, but she had no news. Rey cried softly, eventually slipping into a troubled sleep. Kylo propped her head up with a pillow and requested a blanket from the nurse, then left to find Dr. Rema. The nurse on duty sighed quietly when she saw him coming down the hall. “We have no news, Mr. Ren.” Kylo scrubbed a hand through his hair and curtly nodded. “I thought as much.” The nurse gave him a sympathetic look. “Waiting is the hardest part. We have a gift shop on the first floor with books and magazines. And a non-denominational spiritual center on the fourth floor.” Kylo raised his eyebrows. “A non-demonin – what?” “Like a chapel. Open to anyone.” The nurse left him standing in the hallway, head swiveling between the room he’d just left and the elevators. Half in disbelief, he found himself taking the elevator up to the fourth floor. The spiritual center was steps from the elevator, and Kylo entered the room with cautious steps. The center held that heavy hush he’d felt in other similar places – churches, cathedrals, a Hindu temple he’d visited on a trip to India. The murmur of a fountain wall echoed off the high ceilings and tall windows. He sat lightly on the edge of a thickly padded bench along one wall, the fountain on one side and some variety of a broad-leaf tropical plant on the other. His hands curled uneasily around the edge as he hunched over and surveyed the room. A man with deep smile lines, graying hair, and square-framed glasses appeared from a side door. His hospital badge ID dangling from a lanyard decorated with a print of tiny golf balls and clubs identified him as a family counselor. He offered Kylo a friendly smile as he approached him. “Welcome to the spiritual center. Is there anything I can help you with?” Kylo shook his head brusquely with a nervous chuckle. “No, I don’t really know, uh, what I’m doing here actually.” The man nodded to the bench. “May I?” Kylo didn’t particularly want to talk to a stranger right now, but he didn’t want to be rude. He nodded and the man sat down next to him, extending a hand. “I’m Joe.” Kylo shook his hand. “Kylo. So what do people usually come in here looking for?” Joe looked around, considering his questions. “A lot of reasons. We have people who use it as a prayer room, or just somewhere quiet that they can reflect. Of course, people looking for professional help.” He pointed at himself. “We’re all trained grief counselors.” “Lot of that in a hospital, I guess,” Kylo smiled sadly. Joe nodded his head and Kylo chuckled dryly. “So is this where you tell me I’ve come searching for my deeper purpose or that I need to forgive my dad or something like that?” Joe laughed. “No, this is the part where you tell me you’re searching for your deeper purpose. I’m a therapist, not a psychic.” Kylo chuckled again. “Can’t say I’m searching for a deeper purpose, I don’t think.” “Why are you at New Hope?” Joe inquired kindly. “My son was in a car accident. He’s in surgery right now. We – his mom and me – don’t know if he’ll make it out alright.” Saying the words out loud broke Kylo a little. He bridged his hands, pressing them hard against his mouth. “I can’t help feeling like it’s my fault.” “Why do you feel like it’s your fault?” “His mom and I, we got into a fight last week. If that hadn’t happened, he would have been in daycare in the building where I work, not playing outside. He wouldn’t have gotten hit.” “Why did you two fight?” Kylo chuckled darkly. “So many reasons.” Joe clasped and unclasped his hands thoughtfully. “Couples say that but I’ve found most fights boil down to one or two basic things.” “Well, Rey, that’s her name, would say it’s because of my work.” Joe made an understanding sound. “Aahh. What about your work?” “The nature of it. And how…dedicated I am.” “Dedicated? That’s what she calls it?” Kylo snorted. “No, that’s what I call it. She would probably call it cultish devotion, or egoism, or something. She thinks my boss is the anti-Christ. I mean, he kind of is. He’s ruthless. I don’t know if I would go so far as to say evil, but, well – no, he’s probably evil. Actually, he’s definitely evil. She knows I’m not that way, but still, I work for him. So how far off can I really be?” “We are not our work, Kylo.” “No, but I’ve made some pretty bad decisions. She doesn’t trust me to put our son first.” “Is she wrong to not trust you?” Kylo’s head hung. “I don’t think so. I don’t know.” He scrubbed his hair. “I really wish I could say she’s wrong, but I can’t.” Joe stroked his short beard. “So what does that mean for all three of your futures?” “It means I’m not in their futures. I can’t accept that.” “You can’t accept reality?” Kylo blinked. “No – I just mean, I can’t accept that’s how things will be.” Joe gave a short nod with a bit of a smile. “Yes, so that’s called reality. It is the way things are right now if nothing changes.” “Well then reality is shitty and I hate it,” Kylo blurted out. Joe just laughed. “So change it. Change your job.” Kylo was shaking his head. “Really bad things could happen.” Joe furrowed his brow. “It sounds like bad things have already happened. What’s worse than not being with the people you love?” Kylo opened his mouth to respond and then shut it. Joe was right. Bad things had already happened. He couldn’t imagine any future worse than one without Rey and Cory. He stood up abruptly. “I have to go talk to her.” Joe smiled at him. “You do that. I hope it goes well.” Kylo looked at him, suddenly awkward. “Uh, thanks, for listening to me. And helping.” “It’s my job,” Joe laughed modestly. Kylo thanked him again and sped out of the center, stabbing the elevator button repeatedly while he waited for it to arrive. His heart hammered all the way down to the second floor. The hallway back to the ICU was empty, except for the echoing click of someone’s heels. Kylo tilted his head, thinking they sounded familiar. He turned the corner and stopped in his tracks. They sounded familiar because they belonged to Phasma. She held a bundle of sunflowers in one hand. “Ah! Just the person I was looking for. The nurse said you’d gone out. These are for Rey.” She extended the flowers to him and he took them, dumbfounded. “Sunflowers are her favorite,” he said, still staring at the flowers. Phasma smiled. “What a lucky coincidence.” Kylo narrowed his eyes at her. Phasma didn’t ‘do’ coincidences, but he let the comment pass. She took his upper arm, guiding him back to the elevators. “The cafeteria is on the sixth floor. I have a sudden craving for a slice of mediocre chocolate cake.” Kylo followed her quietly, slightly stunned, all the way through the cafeteria and to a small table in the very back corner of a nearly deserted dining room. Phasma informed him her cake was just slightly above mediocre. She ate half the slice, relishing every bite, while he stared. Finally, she set down her fork, examining Kylo with a careful gaze. He raised his eyebrows at her and she gave him a pleasant smile. “You’ve known about Snoke and Hux for about two weeks. And you haven’t done a thing about it.” She sighed. “I thought if Rey found out, that would propel you to action, but no.” His jaw dropped. “You knew? You left the envelopes?” Her eyes narrowed playfully. “Do you think anything happens in this company without my knowledge?” He shrugged. “It’s just…that’s a lot to know. I had no idea.” “You can’t win a game of chess without seeing the whole board.” She took another leisurely bite of her cake. “So what are you going to do, Kylo?” He combed his hand through his hair. “I don’t know.” She raised an eyebrow and he sighed. “I’m going to blow the whistle, out Snoke and Hux. It’s a very, uh, recent decision.” She twirled her fork. “Very noble of you. And very stupid.” He scowled. “Well, what are you going to do?” She smiled, almost mischievously. “Why, we’re going to hold a press conference and announce it together. But not without maneuvering some pieces, first.” He shook his head. “You act like this is all some kind of a game to you.” She gave a short laugh. “Sometimes it feels that way. I wish it was just a game.” She leaned forward, all serious now. “But it’s not. Many careers are at stake. First Order employs thousands and thousands of people. Those people don’t deserve to lose their livelihoods because two idiot executives decided to be the next Gordon Geckos. I want to minimize the damage.” Kylo leaned forward on his elbows. “Okay, then tell me how we’re supposed to get out of this without everything going to hell.” “It starts with a call to a detective and ends with a book.” She grinned. He looked skeptical. “Some kind of trap?” Her eyes flashed. “A checkmate.” She took another bite of her cake. Notes: I'M SO SORRY I DISAPPEARED. For like, a really long time. I was focusing on my other fic for a while in bits and spurts in addition to just being busy and blah blah blah. But I'm back now! Expect regular-ish updates. There are only a few chapters left, my guess is like 3, maybe 4. I haven't totally decided.