Gravitate Notes: DISCLAIMER: This fanfiction was written purely for entertainment purposes and for a deep love of this amazing universe. I am not profiting from this fanfiction in any way, and no copyright infringement has been intended. Author’s Note: This first chapter takes place after the infamous interrogation scene, but before Han and Finn are anywhere near Starkiller Base. In chapter 2, this fanfic branches off from the movie’s storyline. Furthermore, Rey pieced together who Kylo Ren really was after the interrogation. I figured that if she was able to see one of his deepest fears, she probably saw his real identity as well, and with what Han had told her and Finn earlier about Luke’s apprentice and the Jedi, she figured it out by herself. That made sense to me at least, but if you don't agree then I suppose you're free to move along. Song: This fanfiction’s name comes from one of my favourite songs ever, Ashes of Eden by Breaking Benjamin. For me, this song fit absolutely perfect with Ben Solo, Rey, and their relationship. Go listen to it, it’ll pull your heartstrings. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Part 1: Aberrant aberrant — deviating from the proper course Chapter 1: Gravitate Will the faithful be rewarded When we come to the end Will I miss the final warning From the lie that I have lived Is there anybody calling I can see the soul within And I am not worthy I am not worthy of this Ashes of Eden, Breaking Benjamin Her fear was paralyzing, shaking through her limbs in violent shudders. Flattening herself against the wall of the alcove as a squad of Stormtroopers marched passed, Rey clutched her stolen blaster so hard her knuckles went stark-white. She'd hoped to regain some steadiness in her hands, but still the tremors continued to course through her veins like ripples of electricity, threatening to leave her numb with terror. No. Keep moving. I need to keep moving. She couldn’t remain in one spot for too long. They would find her, and they would kill her – or drag her back to that chair. In her frantic state of mind, she didn’t know which was worse. Somehow she managed to make her unwilling body respond, and peeked into the abandoned hallway. Now’s my chance. Drawing a deep breath through her dry lips, Rey slipped out of hiding, silent as a mouse. Wide eyes darting from left to right, she hurried onwards, blaster at the ready. With her heartbeat hammering in her throat, she wondered where exactly she was going, because she had no idea where she was, let alone which star system she was in. The last thing she could remember was the forests of Takodana, but she doubted that she was anywhere near that place now. She could only hope that the others were alright. Quietly moving through the shadows, Rey let instinct guide her way. She was an expert of getting into places – navigating them, finding their secrets – and getting out of them too. But she knew this was entirely different. This was no skeletal ship, free for the picking. This wasn’t simply outmaneuvering a rival scavenger, or a dangerous group of thugs. Every step she took would either count for her, or against her. One wrong move, and they would be alerted to her presence. One wrong move, and the sliver of a chance she had for escape would be gone. And she was on borrowed time to begin with. Any minute now, he would find her missing. Focus, Rey. There’s no time for any of this now. She swiped a hand across her sweaty brow, crouching low while avoiding another group of Stormtroopers making their rounds. The hallways were like a maze, causing her to get turned around more often than she could afford, but as soon as she saw the sign for the hangars, she realized where her instincts had been leading her. I’ll steal a ship and get the hell out of here. And then, as sudden and violent as a sandstorm, she sensed him . His rage burst through her mind, so fierce and intense that it knocked her right off her feet, sending her crashing to the floor. Grasping her head, a cry of surprise was wrenched from her lips as the blaster clattered to the black tiles. Somewhere in the back of her mind, she realized that her gasps were echoing too loudly through the hallway– But his anger was an almost palpable thing; a tempest threatening to engulf her entirely, obliterating any and all clear thought, until, for a few horrible moments, she couldn’t for the life of her recall what she had been doing, or where she was going. Her vision swam. On the floor before her, lay a blaster. She focused on it, agony distorting her features. She tried to think, tried to remember . After what felt like an eternity, she came back to herself. Move, Rey, you need to move! With a shaking hand, she grabbed the weapon and used the wall to drag herself back to her feet, spurred on by the fear left in the wake of his burning fury. But she could not escape his voice inside her head. That’s right, little scavenger, run like the desert rat you are . A sound of dismay escaped her lips, but she did run. Her feet thundered down the hallway, only to come to a dead halt as a blast door slammed shut before her, barring her way. Turning on her heel, she fled, and with her every breath becoming a panicked gasp, the stark reality of her situation quickly sunk in. She was like a rat in a trap - even her own mind had become a playground for her captor. She could feel him now, lurking at the edge of her consciousness like a predator stalking through the dark. He was purposely setting alight everything that had taken place in the last few hours, sending the memories lashing through her mind to harrow her every step. The terror she had felt in that gloomy forest, his lightsaber flashing like a bleeding star; her pale reflection in his terrifying mask; his face, so vastly different from what she had ever expected, and somber eyes that pierced like- “Stop it!” The images continued in one fluid blur, causing a piercing headache to spring to life behind her eyes. She stumbled, pain shooting through her right knee when she collided with the tiles. Bracing herself upon her palms, a snarl hissed between her bared teeth. Get. Out. Of. My. Head! Fleetingly, she swore she could see him scoffing in disdain, the phantom image ghosting through her mind like a dying light. If you want me to stop – then make me. Disbelief washed through her. He was playing with her! Like a cat with a mouse, he was toying with her before he would strike. But something stirred inside of her at his challenge. In the interrogation chamber she’d managed to turn the tables on him... Now, he was purposely provoking her, and despite everything, a part of her was curious to see if she would indeed be able to guard her mind against his intrusions. She didn’t know if she could. Earlier, he’d been physically before her to focus all of her energy on, but right now she didn’t even know where he was, and there was no time to linger… Go on. Make your futile attempt. I will find you either way. A spark of indignation flared through her. We shall see. Drawing a shuddering breath, Rey turned her all of her attention inwards, reaching for the memory of earlier, when she was helpless before him, imprisoned in that chair. When he had pushed into her mind, and she had pushed back - Pushed back so hard that she stepped straight into his consciousness, to witness his memories flickering through her own like dappled light against closed eyes. And now, recalling that sensation, that feeling that felt like bracing against an oncoming blow- She gathered it up, sweat trickling down her forehead to drip upon the glossy floor, and shoved . Instantly, his presence receded, but there was no thought to spare for her tiny victory as a sudden onslaught of fatigue drew a desperate gasp from her throat. Her head drooped forward, her arms quaking from exhaustion. It took at least a minute for her to catch her breath, before she finally struggled to her feet. Her steps were heavy, but she continued to make her way through the maze of corridors, senses on hyper-alert as she listened for the thudding steps of Stormtroopers. After what seemed like forever, she’d made her way into hangar 718, but by now there were far too many Stormtroopers about, and the commands echoing over the intercoms informed her that they were hot on her trail. She needed to find a different way out, and she chose her next path on instinctive impulse, traveling down the corridor in all haste. Then, a moment too late, she realized she was no longer alone. He came out of nowhere, a flash of black that suddenly obscured her sight. Gloved hands seized her shoulders and shoved her against the wall so violently that her head slammed back, a firework of pain exploding in her skull. Dazed, her fingers uncurled from her blaster, the weapon clattering uselessly to the floor as her vision bloomed white, an anguished cry dying upon her lips. A low growl reverberated through his chest, his grip shifting to her wrists to yank her limp body into a narrow alcove. And in one fluid motion, his left hand pinned her arms above her head with such force that she could hear the leather of his glove strain against the hold. As her vision swam into focus, she stared up into the umber eyes of Kylo Ren. Those eyes that were immobilizing her as surely as his painful lock on her arms. “Found you, little scavenger.” All at once, she imagined she knew what drowning must feel like. For he was no longer just the physical man before her – his presence surged through her mind, engulfing her like a choking shadow, drenching her entire being until he was drawing her in and she couldn’t breathe . And as quickly as the sensation had overwhelmed her, it was gone. Her breathing lurched, chest rising and falling in the small space between them, desperate for air, while she struggled against his merciless hold. But he hardly seemed fazed, continuing to study her with the same leveled severity. “So fiery,” he murmured, his deep tone indicating a hint of perplexity while his intent gaze drifted across her face. “You managed to escape your cell… and once more made an admirable attempt to expel me from your mind. I have to admit, I’m impressed.” Rey narrowed her eyes into a defiant glare. Her lips opened, intending to demand that he let her go – but no sound was forthcoming. Brows twisting into a sharp frown, she realized that he was compelling her to remain quiet, like he’d compelled her body to remain frozen in place back in Takodana. Let me go! She hurled the words at him, but his only reaction was the slightest huff through his nose, and a twitch of his brow. “Unfortunately, it seems that our previous encounter had not gone exactly as planned… This time, I will get what I want.” “Why?” she cried out, her flare of anger overriding his compulsion. Hazel eyes stared unwaveringly into his, as she hissed between her teeth, “So that you can kill Luke Skywalker like you did all the other Jedi, Ben Solo ?” A terrifying moment of tense silence snapped between them, giving her just enough time to doubt the wisdom of challenging him. Now, heartbeat throbbing in her throat, she watched with sickening dread as the fury swept across his features, the hatred eclipsing his hues until their colour seemed as black as night. She felt his animosity in the tightening of his grip on her wrists, her jaw clenching against the pain. And as he leaned forward, inch by inch, his looming presence somehow made her feel smaller than she ever had in her entire life. When he finally spoke, his low, dangerous tone was laced with barely-contained malice. “Don’t think, for one single moment, that I shall hesitate to stab my lightsaber straight through your pitiful, golden heart. You’re an insignificant nobody . A single grain of sand in a world made of dust .” He paused, only to clasp her chin between his forefinger and thumb of his free hand. “And you know nothing about me.” She stood trembling in his grasp, mouth going dry, face turning away from his as far as was possible against his fingers. Her heartbeat spiralled out of control, a wild thing beating against her ribs, beating at the mess of feelings rising in her chest. There was terror, twisting and violent – but there was something else as well. A taste of bitter sorrow; a swell of empathy. No, maybe she didn’t know him – but she did know what she saw in those brief moments when their minds had connected. Memories of his that felt like her own: aching loneliness, regret, longing for a place in this world, affection, recognition… And she’d felt his fear. She’d felt his desperation for someone, anyone, to turn him from this path. Beneath the mask, beneath the cloak of the monster, she’d found a shred of humanity. The moment dragged on, marked by the dissonant fluttering of her pulse. Rey wondered if he could sense every single one of her tumultuous emotions, for they seemed entirely out of her control, slipping from her grasp like sand through her fingers. She didn’t even realize that she’d gone lax against him, the fight flowing out of her like a sigh. Perhaps not… she said, sending the words at him with her eyes squeezed shut. But I know what it’s like to be alone. When her lashes fluttered open, she finally dared to turn her hazel hues to lock with his. Then, like a star shooting across the sky, something suddenly sparked between them. Her heart staggered, and she knew he’d felt it too the very second his fingers loosened around her wrists. He drew a sharp, shivering inhale. A battle raged within his eyes, confusion clashing against a storm of enmity – it crackled through him like a fire – but as the umbrage finally dissipated, it was replaced by an entirely different kind of dark. A dark simultaneously more dangerous and electrifying. Slowly, his blazing gaze tore away from hers to flicker down to her mouth, sending a paralyzing jolt down her spine when she realized just how close they were. So close, she could see the feathered swoop of his long eyelashes. Rey swallowed, hard, unable to keep her gaze from drifting down to his lips; unable to keep herself from noticing the alluring curve of his mouth. His fingertips that had moments ago held her chin so tightly, now began to tremble against her skin. She could feel his uncertainty, his turmoil, and the taut chains of his self-control – but stronger still and bright like a sun, there was longing . Above all, this was her undoing. This time, when she gently tugged against his grip, she already knew he would release her arms the moment before his hand drifted down to settle just beneath her ribs. Feeling as though in a hazy dream, her body moved of its own accord. Her left hand clasped his shoulder, while with her right, she slowly reached up, eyes never wavering from his, to rest her palm against his cheek. She had no idea what she was doing. Years of desolate isolation, self-doubt, and a yearning to be found, to be touched, to be held - all of it rose up in an instant, threatening to paralyze her as effectively as any compulsion of his. But it was like instinct. Like gravity. An indiscernible rush of emotions bloomed in his unguarded eyes, and then, agonisingly slowly, he leaned closer. His knuckles grazed down her side, from the dip of her waist, lower and lower until, feather lightly, his thumb traced the swell of her hipbone to pull her tightly against him. Unbidden, she arched into his touch, an overwhelming thrill quaking through her. A low hum of satisfaction rolled off of him, vibrating straight through her as the corner of his mouth tipped into a smirk. They melted together, both of her hands reaching around to tangle into his wild, raven hair. Then, as he lowered his head, he gently tilted her head back, drawing her mouth towards his as his warm breath spilled over her parted lips. His gloved fingers fanned over her exposed throat, her breathing shuddering in response, eyes drifting half-closed. Their breath mingled, a single sliver of space between them, both entirely unable to pull away. They were like magnets, powerless against the force drawing them together. And she felt like a blazing star, gravitating to the sun. You can come with me , she whispered through their connection, entirely unable to speak aloud. If she was at all coherent, she may have wondered what had possessed her, but the desire to have him leave this place with her suddenly seemed uncontrollable in its intensity. Despite her efforts of trying to lock it away, it pulsed through her nonetheless. Please… come with me. Like the harsh snap of a chain, the moment splintered apart. Eyes flashing wide, he pulled away, recoiling from her as though he’d been burned. He stared at her with that same open, disbelieving expression he had in the interrogation chamber after she’d seen his memories. It felt like a blow to the chest, robbing her entirely of breath, and all she could do was watch as the vulnerability in his hues was obscured by impenetrable, seething anger. He sharply turned his head away. “It’s much too late for that.” His voice was raw, cutting to the bone. Rey crossed the distance between them, reaching for his wrist. “No, it’s not. It’s never too late to choose the right path-” Her fingertips had barely touched him when he wrenched away from her. And then, he laughed, a mirthless, bitter sound that submersed her heart into ice. With her outstretched hand hovering in the air between them, she whispered, “Please, Ben-“ “ NO! ” The power of his anger filled the room as he slipped back into the role of the predator, all traces of the young, vulnerable man swept away before her eyes. He took a menacing step towards her, his very being seeming to smother the light around them. “ I am Kylo Ren! I am the dark side! And this is exactly where I belong!” Rey flinched away from him, her heart wrenching to a stop. In that excruciating, single moment, they were enemies once more. She wanted to argue, to tell him that he belonged with his family, that he belonged anywhere but here , but her throat had locked up, and she watched him shake, fists clenched at his sides, his rage flooding uncontrollably from him to crash against her like unrelenting waves. “Now leave ,” he sneered, his voice strained with contempt. “Leave, unless you wish to be taken to the Supreme Leader. And he will be far less merciful than I.” Bewilderment flickered across her features. “What? You’re letting me go?” Kylo Ren pinned her beneath his intense stare, and she was certain he would pierce her heart with his gaze alone. “No,” he finally murmured, so quietly she barely heard him. “You can’t let something go that you never found.” Without a further word, he fluidly turned away from her, his robes flowing in a graceful flare as he slipped out of the alcove. Feeling as though a hole had been torn inside her chest, she stared after him, aching for reasons she couldn’t understand. She was frozen, suspended in the shattered moment, unable to reach out to him, unable to scream for him to stop, to come with her . Finally, as he was about to disappear around the corner, a surge of panic made her find her voice. “You’re afraid you’ll never be like your grandfather,” she said, hurriedly, taking a step towards him as he suddenly came to a halt. But he did not turn to face her. Swallowing hard, Rey pressed on. “But you don’t have to be like him. You’re you , Ben… You’re you . And that’s more than good enough.” And then, she ran. Alone once more, Kylo Ren remained motionless long after the girl’s footsteps had faded away. But despite her absence, he could sense her as vividly as if she were still standing at his side. There was no need to consciously reach out to locate her. He knew exactly where she was, her spirit like a star on the horizon. His eyes were closed, fists trembling at his sides, brow twisted with tension. Even now, he was guiding her escape without her knowledge, ensuring no Stormtrooper or crewmember would find her. With subtle intent, he diverted their attention away from her, steering their footsteps like a chess player strategically moving his pieces across the board. Kylo Ren was directly defying the orders of his Master. And with every bit of power he possessed, he guarded the scavenger’s presence against Snoke, weaving the Force around her in a concealing shroud. His own mind he secured as well, hoisting up the strongest mental walls he had ever done in years . Not since he first came to the Supreme Leader – when he had still foolishly been clinging to the short-sighted and worthless notions of sentimentality, regret, sorrow – had he felt the need to protect his mind with such fierceness. But his Master was wickedly cunning, and would not be fooled for long. He would sense the barriers in his apprentice’s mind as he’d always done. And he would tear them down, with torture and heart-shattering agony, as he’d always done. There would be grave repercussions. Opening his eyes, Kylo Ren tried to inhale a single, deep breath – a breath he hoped would return his lucidity – but her scent still clung to him, and it stuck in his throat. With wild and sudden violence, he whirled around to slam his fists against the wall. A cry of rage tore from his lips, the sound ripping through the hallway. He could not fathom his own actions. Against every single instinct, against every ingrained reasoning, he was protecting her. One side of him was acting in complete contradiction to the other. He was shielding his own mind, not for his own sake, but only to temporarily minimise the risk of Snoke finding out what was transpiring. He was only buying her more time to escape, fully realizing what consequences there would be for himself. It was futile. It was tearing him apart. And it was all because of her . He hated her. Oh, how he hated her. He hated her so much he was sick with it. His entire body was trembling with a feverish loathing he could not recall ever having felt so strongly. And although her presence was drifting farther and farther away, her essence yet seared through him, turning every second into an unbearable torture that robbed him of all clear thought. Pathetic. Weak. She’s gone, fled as swift as her feet can carry her, and yet you allow her to overpower you like this. This worthless girl was everything he’d always fought against. Everything he despised. Insignificance, foolishness, a useless belief in the goodness in others. She was nothing, a nobody , a mere scavenger with no name or family or meaning. But as he stood, fists braced against the wall, his entire body convulsing with one venomous emotion after the other, one question kept pounding through his head: Why, in the name of the dark side, had he let her go? Without warning, Snoke’s words from days before slashed through him. Even you, Master of the Knights of Ren, have never faced such a test. His Leader had been speaking of Han Solo - of the day that would come when Kylo Ren would need to face the man who had once been his father. The day he would need to prove his commitment to the dark side, by extinguishing the last possible threat of the light. In his answer, he had been truthful. Han Solo was nothing but a distant memory of a man who had never understood him. He means nothing. But Snoke’s lack of faith in him had been like an iron hand enclosing around his throat in a slow, choking grip that haunted his every waking moment since. And now, this mere slip of a girl was proving that his Master’s doubts had cause . Kylo Ren grit his teeth, chest heaving. As though the Force itself was taunting him, the memories of her rushed through his head with such intensity he could feel her against him once more; her fingers tangling in his hair, her warm breath against his lips, her blade-thin body arching into his touch, her gentle, doe-brown eyes, gazing up at him from beneath long lashes… Looking at him in a way no one had ever looked at him in his entire life. And so many years of longing spilling forth from her that he thought he might drown in her yearning. All of it, for him. No. Impossible. Her ploy had been to trick me, to lure me back to the light… What other explanation could there be? Her very essence had felt like sunlight, like the breaking of a golden dawn across a sea of swaying grass. It was beyond anything he’d ever encountered before… Kylo Ren clamped his jaw against the maelstrom of emotions clawing their way through him, desperate to shove aside the power she somehow wielded over him. He was stronger than this. He needed to be stronger than this. But still the insecurity, the self-loathing, crushed him beneath their familiar weight. In his arrogance, it had been her apparent insignificance that had blinded him to how strongly the Force flowed through her. He should have known what she was capable of from the very second he’d laid eyes on her. Yet something about her had made him careless. From the moment he’d gone after her in Tokadona he’d made one mistake after the other – failing to capture the droid when he’d had her; removing his mask to reveal himself to her , when not even a handful of his own Order knew his appearance; leaving her alone in that cell after he’d discovered her true strength; in a moment of weakness, revealing to Snoke just a glimpse of how her abilities had frightened him… She was strong. Much stronger than any Force-sensitive he’d ever encountered. But, for a reason he could not fathom, she was entirely unaware about the power in her veins. She had no idea what she was doing. Her command of the Force was crude and clumsy, with no technique whatsoever. The mere fumbling of a child. Yet, somehow, without any training, without even truly knowing what she was doing – she’d looked straight into the deepest part of him. A part he’d locked away so tightly, he’d fooled himself into believing that it no longer existed, nor mattered. She’d defended herself against him, shoved him out of her mind, fought back like the all-or-nothing survivor he’d seen in her memories. And… she’d asked him to come with her. His heart wrenched, fists trembling against the wall. As if it would be that simple . As if he could just walk away, turning his back on everything he’d built for himself, on his every sacrifice and years of unrelenting torture. On everything he’d needed to endure to get to this point. On the blood staining his hands. His forehead pressed against the cool panel of the wall, more forcefully than needed. He tried to focus on the breathing techniques he’d been taught, but all he could see was the misery blooming across her face when he’d screamed at her. Even now, all the way across the base, he could feel her heart aching- Damn her! As if he’d know how to be anything other than the very creature she’d called him to be! As if he’d want to! He breathed in. I am the dark side. Unbidden, her melodious, serene voice echoed through him, her earlier words stirring beneath his breastbone. ‘You’re you, Ben.’ He hadn’t heard that name in years - had spent all of his energy in destroying the foolish and weak man that he’d been . Ben Solo would never have been able to live up to Darth Vader’s legacy. And she’d dared to call him that, a name he’d buried in the dust. As if she knew anything at all. Slowly, Kylo Ren drew himself up, trembling fists lowering back down to his sides. He would need to rejoin the search for the scavenger. They would not find her, of course. For despite everything, he could not shake the feeling that she was the light- And he was the moth, drawn to the flame. Notes: Thank you for reading! Please consider leaving some feedback :) Art for this story can be found here. Chapter 2 : Instinct Notes: The beginning of this chapter contains the lightsaber duel between Kylo Ren and Rey, but it’s not exactly the same as in the movie. It wasn’t intended as a word-for-word rewrite, but to further illustrate their growing connection. The story diverges from the movie’s plot at the end of their duel. For this chapter, I listened to Rey’s Theme. Religiously. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 2: Instinct My past has tasted bitter for years now, So I wield an iron fist Grace is just weakness Or so I've been told. I've been cold, I've been merciless But the blood on my hands scares me to death Maybe I'm waking up today I’ll be good, Jaymes Young Their lightsabers flashed like falling stars in the dark; red and blue, red and blue, vivid shades of crimson and indigo dancing across the snow. He was a cyclone of strength, his graceful blows raining down on her without pause, jarring through her arms to set every bone in her body shuddering to the core. She was barely breathing, frantically blocking his every strike, adrenaline and panic and pain coursing through her blood. They spun and danced, collided – Only to splinter apart once more. She turned, ran, her boots crunching in the snow, and it was so cold it burned like the desert sands of home. Her lightsaber cleaved effortlessly through a leaning pine, the falling trunk momentarily giving her space within which to retreat. Then- A shower of sparks leapt through the air as their sabers met, setting the flurries of snowflakes aflame until they flickered like silver embers. She moved without thinking – block, strike, run – her mind caught on one single moment. He’d killed Han Solo. He’d killed his own father. It was imprinted upon the backs of her eyelids, blurring through her head again and again as she continued to brace against his unrelenting onslaught. There was no words spoken through their connection now; no taunts or pleas. But their essences slammed against each other nonetheless, a battle unseen. A thousand shards of feelings crackled in a maelstrom of energy all around them, through them, setting the very air of the frozen forest alive with its intensity. With each crimson slash, with every cerulean arc, their minds clashed, uncontainable emotions battering against each other like waves from opposing oceans. Contempt. Agony. Rage. Scorn. Sorrow. Raven hair blew in wild tangles around his face, frost and snowflakes melting across his skin from the heat of his wicked lightsaber and the exertion of his injuries. As they spat apart, he would strike and beat at his wounded side, a trail of blood marking his every step. And his eyes; those same eyes that had drawn her in, those same eyes in which she’d glimpsed his humanity… They burned like coals of wildfire. She hardly recognized the man before her. He was unhinged. How could she possibly have believed there was still some good in him? Where was the vulnerable, young man that had held her in his arms? That had let her go free? Misery wrenched through her, twisting her features into despair. In the end, the person she’d thought she’d found beneath the visor had only been another mask, to conceal the true monster beneath. She felt sick, guilt and horror racking through her chest. Han was dead. Finn lay broken, somewhere in this arctic forest. How many resistance fighters were losing their lives at this very moment? All because of him . The earth gave a mighty roar. A violent quake shook beneath their feet, flinging a cloud of snow-dust into the air and bringing trees toppling down. She was almost thrown off balance as the ground split apart, but he was relentless: his attacks were never-ending, as though he barely noticed the world crumbling down around them. Rey stumbled back, breath hitching, eyes fixed on that flare of red, only to suddenly find herself trapped on the edge of a gaping chasm. Once more, their sabers clashed, casting them in a halo of flame and sky. He was pressing with all his might, looming over her as she leaned dangerously closer to the edge - but she pressed back with everything she had, desperately trying to quell her panic. Their eyes locked. Her pulse nearly stopped. His umber hues glowed with ferocity, the lightsabers reflecting like crescent moons within their dark depths. “You need a teacher,” he snarled, observing her like a predator stalking its prey. “I can show you the ways of the Force.” Rey stared at him, bewilderment blooming in her hazel eyes. She hadn’t wanted any part of this. She hadn’t wanted the very lightsaber she now held in her grasp. Yet, on instinct – on her fierce will to survive – she’d reached out, and it had flown into her hand. “The Force…” As the realization slowly dawned upon her, her eyes drifted shut. Would she have the strength to do what she must? Could she extend her mind to touch upon that realm of tranquility once more? Could she allow it to course through her being, and use it to shift the very fabric of the world around her? When her eyes opened, they shone with determination. In a single, graceful movement she pivoted out of his reach, only to strike at him with the full strength of the Force flowing through her. He fell back against the powerful blow, eyes widening with dread. His movements became sloppy - desperate - now that she was the one leading their lethal dance. With her every attack, she felt as though something else was moving her body, driving her on, carrying her through from one blow to the next. It was not her own strength delivering each strike - it was the Force. And she was one with it. In a swift advance, she cut through his robes to graze his left thigh, drawing a startled cry from him as he fell to his knees. Her heart pounded in her ears, her gaze fixed only him – seeing him in hyper-clarity, as though everything was happening in slow motion. Already her arms were moving to stab her blade into the curve of his left shoulder, leaving a ring of embers in the singed material. Kylo Ren stumbled back, his eyes spitting fire. She felt his frenzied horror battering against her senses. Then, with the strength of a hysteric, wounded predator, he lunged. Rey was ready for him. Guided by an expertise not quite her own, she parried his strike and kicked him hard in the chest, sending him careening into the snow. Yet he refused to stay down, flying at her again, a savage growl piercing his harsh breaths. They scrapped, grabbing onto each other’s wrists, locking into a duel of physical strength. But the Force ebbed through her, pressing down on his right hand to grind his lightsaber into the earth. A scream tore from him, a sound so raw and fearful that it rend through her core. In a split second, she brought her lightsaber down to slash straight through his crackling, untamed blade - and in a graceful blue arc, her weapon swooped back up to cut across his face. He sprawled backwards, landing hard. She felt the breath knock out of him. Her own chest heaved, her hands shaking from exertion. How had it come to this? Boots crunching in the snow, Rey slowly stepped closer, her blood rushing in her ears. Through painful effort, Kylo Ren inched onto his right elbow, staring up at her with such wild horror it brought her to a standstill. Those dark eyes were flashing with pain, their fierce intensity making it impossible for her to look away. Finish it, scavenger. Finish what you’ve wanted to do from the moment we first met. Rey’s fingertips clawed so tightly around the hilt of her blade her knuckles went white. He lay defeated before her. One final blow and it would all be over – she could avenge Han, Finn, the Resistance… But would his death fix what he had broken? Could she live with the blood of Han Solo’s son on her hands? “Finish it!” he roared, the sound slicing through her despite the rumbling of the earth. “Take your revenge!” In an anguished cry, she rose her blade above her head, her heart tearing itself apart. He is a monster. Kill him and be done with it! But she couldn’t move. “I… can’t…” The murmur fell from her parted lips, her hands drifting back down to her sides as though in a daze. Then the quake was upon them, swallowing the ground, the snow, the trees – too quick for her run. It broke the earth apart, a yawning abyss opening directly beneath her feet. There was only a split second, a fleeting heartbeat, in which she saw his eyes go wide, his hand flinching out towards her. She fell. And the world went dark. He saw everything at once. Her startled eyes. The curve of her body as she fell. The impact of her head against the edge of the chasm. Heartrending panic surged through him, a single word tearing from his throat in a wave of instinct. “NO!” The thundering of the earth swallowed his cry, just like it was swallowing her . But he was already moving; half-crawling, half-stumbling through the snow- His hand shot forward. And the Force burst from him, in a desperate attempt to catch her. For only a sliver of a moment, she was suspended in mid-air amongst rocks and debris continuing their tumble into oblivion, the tips of her fingers lingering against the hilt of her lightsaber. He’d only needed that single moment. His gloved hand seized her wrist in a fierce hold the very second before gravity abruptly resumed. Then her sudden weight yanked his entire body forward, almost sending him lurching over the edge as her slack frame collided harshly with the cliffside. He roared in pain, the strain lancing through his wounded side scattering stars across his vision. Raging breaths panting through his bared teeth, his eyes flew open only to see the weapon slipping from her grasp. With no regard for his shoulder, his left arm thrust down, calling the lightsaber through the Force. Fortunately, this time, with no rival, it flew effortlessly into his palm and he slowly drew his arm back up to toss the weapon safely aside. Her limp, unconscious form swayed slightly in his grasp, and his frenzied gaze flickered over the trickle of blood running from the nasty gash across her temple. She was out cold. If he hadn’t caught her, she would have fallen to her death. The endless blackness beneath her feet clamped his throat shut, the image of his father slumping from the bridge mingling with the scavenger’s falling form- His fingers clawed into her wrist with everything he had. Every fiber of him felt like fire; a potent fusion of adrenaline and suffering coursing through his molten veins. Brow warping, he grit his teeth, slowly positioning his left palm to press against the ground. His shoulder screamed in agony, but he drew upon his torment, allowing it to meld with every overwhelming emotion raging through him to fuel his remaining strength. A drop of his sweat dripped down, falling upon her exposed throat. He pulled. A second slipped by in which he turned entirely blind, the pain stealing his vision away as his roar echoed through the gorge. But he did not relent, he did not stop, not for a single breath. There was no time. The earth was still shaking, bits of debris breaking loose from all around the cliffside. He needed to get her out of there now . Through the haze, he focused on the blood rushing down her temple. It spurred him on. As soon as he’d pulled her up high enough, he once again reached down with his left hand to grab her other arm. Then with one final monstrous effort, he dragged her body over the edge, her slender frame dissolving across the snow. Every part of him was shaking, vibrating with agony, fatigue, adrenaline. Chest heaving, he hovered over her, stunned now that she was safe. With unbidden gentleness, he clasped her chin, tilting her head slightly to take a look at the wound. It was bleeding badly, but he could feel her life-force pulsing. Still, he grabbed a handful of snow and pressed it against her temple, hoping to minimise the bleeding. For the moment, she would be fine. If he could get them both out of there alive. Turning his gaze aside he spotted his lightsaber lying abandoned in the snow. His lip curled into a sneer as he picked it up, fighting down the anger that rose up within him – she’d done extensive damage to the blade, perhaps even the crystal itself, but there was no time to be angry at her now. He swiftly gathered the other lightsaber as well, the one that was rightfully his, the one she should have thrust straight through his treacherous heart. His gaze slipped back to her lifeless form; the shallow rise and fall of her chest, the shivering of her body even in her unconscious state. Reaching over, he tucked the lightsaber securely into her belt. Then, with unintentional care, he gathered her wiry frame against his chest and scooped her up, gritting his teeth as he swayed to his feet. He fleetingly recalled when he’d first held her like this, what a fragile thing he’d thought her to be. How completely wrong he’d been. Casting out his mind like a fishing net, he tried to grasp onto anything that could be of help to them. They needed to get out of there. He didn’t care how, or where he was taking them. There was no plan guiding his steps, no reasoning or thought. Only instinct. An undeniable impulse he could not refuse. It didn’t take long for him to a sense an abandoned TIE fighter, not too far from their location. From what he could determine it had taken a grazing hit, yet the pilot seemed to have managed to land without extensive damage to the ship itself. Kylo Ren began trudging in that direction, clutching her tighter with every harrowing step. It was not that far, but the snow and the shaking earth and the pain was all working against him. And despite her still weighing as much as a feather, this time, it was proving far more difficult to carry her. He did not stop to analyse his actions. There would be no point. He felt too detached from it all, as though she were in fact the one directing him like a marionette. How could he be so helpless against a mere girl? A girl who was half-dead in his arms? As he waded on, he gazed down at her expressionless face, at her feathery lashes, the constellation of freckles across her nose and cheekbones. A soft moan escaped her lips, her questing fingers clutching into his cloak as she buried her face deeper into his chest. Angrily, he drew her fingers away, trying to ignore the sharp tug of his heart. Stumbling into a small clearing, he instantly spotted the TIE fighter across from them. He hurried towards it and reached out his senses in earnest, quickly determining the ship's condition. The most extensive damage was to the hyperdrive’s cooling system. The turret had also taken a bad hit, which was probably why the fighter had been abandoned. Though it was a little battered and bruised, Kylo Ren had no doubts that he’d be able to fly it, if only to get them out of the immediate danger’s way. The pain in his ribs was proving itself to be an incredible nuisance as he struggled to get them both into the ship, but when they were finally inside he deposited her in the gunner’s seat, lingering only a moment as another soft moan escaped her lips. He turned away, taking the pilot’s seat. As the ship whooshed to life, a semblance of a plan began to take shape in his mind. The hyperdrive just needed to last long enough to get them as far away from this forsaken planet as possible. Notes: Thank you for reading and please consider leaving some feedback! :) Chapter 3 : Tempest Notes: To everyone who has been reading and supporting this fanfic, I thank you from the bottom of my heart. It is the best feeling to know that my stories are being enjoyed! And now, all I shall say is this: do enjoy the vulnerability while it lasts ;) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 3: Tempest You take the breath right out of me. You left a hole where my heart should be. You got to fight just to make it through, 'cause I will be the death of you. Breath, Breaking Benjamin Rey jerked awake, her body alive with pain. It shot through her midriff, a pain so severe she thought it would split her apart. Back arching in an uncontrollable spasm, she grit her teeth, failing to bite back a scream that tore through her chapped lips and rang in her ears. Then, to the sound of her ragged gasps, the agony bloomed outwards, cleaving through her chest to spike through her left shoulder. She was panting, brow twisting in torment and dripping with sweat. And then it lanced through her skull, a burning fire that drew her hands up in a frenzy as she held her face, fingertips pressing, pressing, deliriously attempting to make it stop- She blacked out. It may have been minutes, or it may have been hours that she drifted, limp and numb. When she finally came to, long lashes fluttering, her vision danced with white spots. It took several moments for her to realize that the pain had receded to a dull, faraway ache. And in its absence, a vague, indecipherable dread settled in the pit of her stomach. There was not a single coherent thought forming inside her head. But somehow, she knew there was something she needed to do, without having any concrete idea what it was. It was this feeling that drove her into dragging herself up in her seat, despite every single muscle screaming in protest. Casting her unsteady gaze at her surroundings, she only now took in where she was: a compact, spherical space, half-sitting in a chair, a control panel spread out before her. Is this… a TIE fighter? Heartbeat thrumming against her ribs, Rey shakily managed to stand up, keeping a hand clutching the back of her chair. With wide, alert eyes, she turned – to find she was alone, no one occupying the pilot’s seat. The last thing she remembered was him . She’d stood over him, her lightsaber meant for his heart. And then, the earth had opened up beneath her feet. Everything had gone black. How did I get here? Did he…? Disbelief and confusion played across her face as she tried to put the pieces together. It couldn’t possible mean what she thought… Could it? No. The others. Finn. Chewbacca. Someone… someone must have… From above her head, there was the low howl of the wind. She glanced up, glimpsing the sky through the opened latch-door. Suddenly, another wave of phantom pain washed through her, sending her crashing to her knees. She gasped. It was so strong, so real, that she had to inspect her side with her fingertips, had to check her shoulder, her thigh, to assure herself these injuries were not truly there. The only wound she could find upon herself was a gash across her temple, streaks of sticky blood drying along her cheek. Then, she knew. It was him. She was feeling his pain. With all the energy she could muster she forced the overwhelming sensations aside, though they did not entirely fade. Fighting against the darkness at the edge of her vision, Rey carefully climbed out of the fighter. As her boots landed with a soft thud in the grass, the cold stabbed straight through her. A gasp flew from her lips, lost to the icy wind, her arms wrapping around herself in a vain effort for warmth. She found herself standing in a vast dale cast in pale twilight; a windswept landscape of knee-high grass sprawling all around her, flanked by gentle, rocky hills in the distance. Tangles of her unkempt hair blew across her eyes, her right hand darting up to sweep them away as she turned, taking in the craggy peaks rising across from what appeared to be a digging site of sorts. Mounds of stone and tilled earth half-overgrown with grass lay here and there, their purposes long lost. Silent mining machines stood rusting in the open, unsheltered from the elements. Further to her right, there was a warehouse, bordered by several sleek, flat-roofed buildings. There was no sign of anyone. In fact, the whole area seemed to have been abandoned quite some time ago. Rey squinted against the wind, hazel eyes searching for a flash of black… And then, barely a few paces into the grass, she saw the blood. In an instant, she was moving. Her heart pounded in her throat, all sense of the cold forgotten as she raced across the field, following the bloody trail towards the cluster of buildings. The moment she rounded the first, she came to a halt. There he was, sprawled on his left side across the stairs leading up to one of the dwellings, right arm wrapped tightly around his ribs, the other reaching out towards the door. His face was obscured by his untamed hair, the breeze plucking at the unruly, dark locks. She stood frozen in place, the wind chilling her to the bone. It all came back, like a blow to the chest. He had killed Han. He had broken Finn. Rey turned her face away, eyes squeezing shut, mouth twisting in misery. Her hands curled into fists at her sides. He saved me... But... Why? He could have let her fall. The earth would have swallowed her whole. He could have let her die. Her legs gave way beneath her. She sunk to her knees, bracing onto her palms, the grief and anxiety of the last few days suddenly hitting her all at once. Her throat clamped shut, her lips pressing together as unbidden tears spilled from her closed eyes. Even now, at the back of her mind, she felt the ghost of his agony. Her fingers clawed into the grass. In that moment when she’d had the chance to kill him, the chance to end his monstrous deeds, she hadn't been able to go through with it. What did that say about her? I never asked for any of this… It would be so easy to leave him on those stairs. Too easy. He would bleed out without her having to lift a finger against him. Then she wouldn’t have to be the one to deal the final blow – she wouldn’t have his blood on her hands… A sob cut through her throat. She pressed the back of her hand against her mouth, features tinged with anguish. All around them, the world was darkening. The wind blew harder, whipping through her hair and slicing sharper than steel. Slowly, Rey’s gaze drifted up to stare at his motionless form. Drawing her knees against her chest, she clenched her jaw against her clattering teeth, her entire body shivering, though perhaps not only from the cold. And as she watched his blood spill out onto the stairs, she slowly came to know that she could not let him die. Her practical nature argued that she had no idea where she was and that she’d need his help. But it was more than that. Despite the monster he was, she could not sit there, doing nothing , feeling his every injury as though they were her own, and pretend to be heartless. She tried not to think about the fact that most of his wounds were her doing. She tried not to think about their profound connection, and why it seemed to be growing stronger with their every encounter. She tried not to think about any of it. Streaks of tears rolled down her cheeks as Rey finally dragged herself to her feet. Fleetingly, the world spun, her arms flaring out for balance. Then she carefully stepped forward, slowly placing one foot in front of the other to regain some stability, before hurrying to his side. Kneeling on the metal stairs beside him, her gaze flew over his battered body. He was unconscious, and bleeding badly from the side Chewbacca had shot him, the blood drip-dripping upon the stairs. Swallowing hard, she gathered her nerve and reached out to gently brush the hair from his face. The vivid slash across his sickly pale skin stood out like blood upon the snow. Her heart swelled, pressing against her ribs as though it would burst from a too-large ache she could not understand. This is my doing. Drawing a shuddering breath, she angrily swiped the back of her hand across her eyes to wipe away the fresh gleam of tears. She felt sick to her very core. He can’t die. He can’t. Glancing up, she noticed the door to the dwelling was already open. She did not pause to ask herself all the questions she should have. They would come later, to gnaw at her when there was no urgent task that needed her attention. Right now, her first priority was getting both of them out of the cold. Turning her hues back down to him, her heart thudded, wondering how in oblivion she would move him. He was far too big and too heavy for her to lift… She’d need to drag him up the stairs, but that would just agitate his wounds. Her lips thinned in a tight line. I don’t have much of a choice. Slowly, Rey lowered herself beside him, dipping an arm between the spaces of the stairs to wrap it around his back. “ Don’t … touch me, scavenger ,” he hissed, right next to her ear. Startled, she jerked away, wide gaze flying down to his face. He was awake, though barely, and more than like every drop of his energy went into the glare he was leveling straight at her. Rey refused to be deterred, despite the rapid lilt of her heart. Her gaze hardened. “Then how do you propose I get you inside? Or would you prefer to die out here in the cold?” Despite his condition, he still managed to scoff as though he were the one looking down upon her. “Considering you’re partly to blame for my current state,” Kylo Ren bit out, eyes flickering shut, “I can’t imagine why you’d care.” The wind stirred his hair, the dark strands dancing across his brow. She turned her face away, mumbling a native Jakku curse beneath her breath as she shoved down every tumultuous emotion in a vain hope to contain them. “Charming,” he groaned, the word barely audible. Out of the corner of her eye she watched as he laboriously dragged his left hand closer, to brace his palm flatly into the metal stair. With some effort, he pushed himself up into a sitting position, a new sheen of a sweat breaking out across his brow. Frowning, Rey suddenly recalled how he’d put her to sleep in Takodana, and perhaps she could somehow- “ Don’t , even try.” She blanched. His feverish gaze swiveled to hers, giving her a puzzled look, as though something had just occurred to him. “You really are far too ambitious for your own damn good.” Perhaps she should have been bewildered by the strange statement, but in his venomous tone she noticed something else, something that made her more anxious than his fierceness. His breathing was becoming uneven and raspy, every inhale sounding like an effort. He needed help. Badly. Dipping his raven head, Kylo Ren momentarily released his ribs to reach his right hand towards the railing in an attempt to pull himself up. Without thought, Rey leaned closer and wrapped her arm around his back, already reaching for his left arm. His body went ridged. When he turned to face her, they were suddenly so close their noses almost touched. Somehow she quelled her impulse to flinch away. “Try to fight me off and we’ll see how far that gets you,” she hissed. “Keep challenging me,” he growled in response, his warm breath feathering across her cheek. “And you won’t live to regret it.” Frustration bloomed across her face, her eyes staring imploringly into his. “Neither will you, if you won’t let me help you.” Her words were met with the same unyielding hostility, but she refused to buckle under his glare. Please, she thought at him. When he finally looked away, the rigidity flowed out of him, and she released a breath she hadn’t realized she’d been holding. Taking care to move as slow and gently as possible, Rey ducked beneath his left arm, securing the limp appendage around her shoulders and letting her fingers settle around his wrist. Jaw clenching, she began to straighten, carefully drawing him up with her. He barely made a sound, but from the renewed spike of his pain cutting through her, she knew he was struggling. When they were on their feet, she paused, giving them both a moment to regain their equilibrium. The glove of his right hand audibly strained against his wrenching grip upon the railing. Rey swallowed hard, her thumb anxiously tracing circles against his wrist as she began inching closer. She positioned herself against him, finding that her shoulder fit comfortably beneath his arm. It was impossible not to notice his sheer size – not only was he so much taller than her, but his shoulders were broad, his arms solid with toned muscle. She felt dwarfed against him, exactly as she had when he’d loomed over her in that hallway back on Starkiller Base… Trying to ignore that particular memory was proving to be difficult when they were standing so close. She was pressing into him as firmly as she could without further aggravating any of his injuries, her right hand curling around the back of his belt, while her left now firmly clasped his forearm. But he was leaning away from her, favouring his right side and putting his weight on the railing instead of her. “Lean against me,” she said, her voice husky with concern. His only response was a huff through his nose, but she watched, almost entranced, as his fingers uncurled from the railing. And slowly, he leaned into her. Her pulse staggered. Gritting her teeth, Rey carefully began directing their movement, turning them around on the stairs inch by inch until they faced towards the door. The three steps to the top suddenly seemed more like a thousand, but she’d be damned if she didn’t help him get there. One step at a time. Careful not to jostle him too much, she shifted forward, bearing as much of his weight as she could. He was heavy, no longer possessing any of the free-flowing grace that had directed his movements during their battle. And his breathing was loud, rasping with strain. “You’re shivering,” he murmured, right against her hair. She stopped. The words had been simply spoken, as though remarking upon the weather, but it twisted her insides into knots. If he was starting to speak without thought of what he was saying… “Yes, well, it’s cold,” she answered, only a hint of tightness in her tone. He was warm against her - too warm, like a white-hot fire. And his blood was soaking her side. It spurred her on, her grip tightening around him as they finally took the last step and came to the doorway. Heading inside, she kept them moving, her gaze sweeping over the area. Kitchen cupboards lined the left wall, a sink sitting beneath a window. Directly to their right, there was a table with two chairs, and as her gaze ventured further she spotted another doorway. Steeling herself, Rey began leading him there, hoping to find a place at least somewhat comfortable where he could lie down. Limping through the hallway, she spotted a bedroom at the end, passing by two doors before they reached it. His breathing came in harsh wheezes now, and she had to clench her teeth against the pain rolling off of him. It made her head swim, but she suspected that she was only feeling the edge of it, like holding one’s hand close enough to feel the heat of the flame, but not close enough to burn. Step by agonising step, they finally reached the bed. He’d been almost entirely leaning on her now, so it was with a small measure of relief and a swell of urgency that she helped him lie down on his back. Stepping away from him to catch her breath, Rey looked down to her side for a fleeting moment, catching sight of the crimson splotches soaking her garb. Swallowing hard, her eyes squeezed shut, an inhale shaking through her crackled lips before she glanced back down at him. He was staring up at her, his right arm once again wrapped around his ribcage. “You should go,” he bit out. “Take the fighter and leave.” She barely heard him. All she could see was the feverish shivers racking through his body. The sweat across his brow. The blood dripping onto the covers. A frown twisting her features, Rey shook her head. “I’m not leaving you here.” Yet if he’d heard her speak, or understood her answer, he gave no indication. His head tipped back, eyes squeezing shut, laboured breathing mingling with groans of pain. Gathering her bearings, she moved closer and did a quick scan of his condition - but to inspect him fully and to bandage him up she’d need to get rid of his clothing. Daring a glance at his face, she realized he’d fallen unconscious. Which might make things a tad easier. For both of them. She began with his cloak, unwrapping it from his shoulders and wincing as the singed material tore away from his skin. Then, before her courage could fail her, she unclasped the belt at his middle. Her fingers were shaking. Her heart pounding in her throat. She felt detached, yet too involved at the same time, as though the moment was encompassing every part of her against her will. But there was a fervent urgency sparking in her veins, growing fiercer with every second. It overwhelmed everything else, suppressing her fear, her awkwardness, her guilt. She stripped him down, working gently but swiftly, and when he was left only in his underwear, she finally witnessed the full extent of his injuries. Horrified, her shaking hands hovered across her mouth. His side was torn apart, terrifying burns flaring over the entire left side of his ribcage. In large patches his skin was raw and bleeding, and the smell of blood and singed flesh was almost overpowering. Dizziness rushed through her. Without conscious thought, Rey stumbled towards the doors in the hallway they’d passed earlier. If people had stayed here at one point, there should be some medicine around somewhere, right? The first door proved to lead to a small office, but the second revealed a tiny, neat bathroom. A shower took up the entire right side, closed off with a see-through door. To the left, there was a cabinet with a wash basin. Falling onto her knees in front of its narrow doors, she flung them open to peer into the shelves. Immediately she spotted what she’d hoped to find – a white container with a bright red cross atop its lid. She recognized it from the countless abandoned ones she’d found in her scavenging, but judging from its weight as she grabbed it out of the cupboard, this one was still filled with all of its medicines. She also snatched a washcloth and a bowl that was stacked with things she gave no mind to, tossing it all out onto the floor. Shoving the now-empty container under the faucet she watched with a wonder she would later fully appreciate as a stream of water burst forth to quickly fill it to the brim. She rushed back to the bedroom, water sloshing onto the floor in her hurry. Rey all but crashed to her knees, placing the items beside her before yanking open the medical container. She was met with a hundred different kinds of bottles and boxes. It was doubtful that even half of these medicines were available on Jakku. What medical knowledge she had was extremely basic, but she knew enough to at least recognize the scent of the disinfectant. There was a thick roll of gauze as well, and plenty of bandages. Swallowing hard, Rey turned to him, and with a shuddering breath she set to work. The process was a terrifying one. Her hands became a blur between the water and his ribcage, her shaking fingers working swiftly to clean away most of the blood. The worst was when she cleaned his side with the disinfectant. Even in his unconscious state, he thrashed and groaned against the searing pain. He jerked, the whites of his eyes flashing briefly as his head tipped back in a groan. Her entire body was shaking, but she held firm, focusing on the solidness of him beneath her hands, in order to reign back her shattering thoughts and the shards of his agony. By the time he was fully bandaged, she was covered in his blood and shaking with exertion. She braced herself on her palms, head dropping forward as she breathed. Her arms shook. Her mind was reeling. And then the bizarre realization came. She’d never – ever – been in this type of situation before. She’d never taken care of anyone before, because there hadn’t ever been anyone to take care of . But she wasn’t quite done yet. There was one last injury requiring her care; the one she dreaded most of all. Slowly, she sat down on the bed beside him. Her trembles grew worse as her fingertips reached for his pale face, gently brushing his matted hair from his forehead to reveal the laceration her lightsaber had left. It slashed down from between his dark brows, across his nose, all the way to his jaw. Her throat locked, eyes squeezing shut against the threatening sting of tears. She’d been in battles before, if she could call them that. On Jakku, she’d had to learn to defend herself - but neither she nor her opponents had ever stepped away so severely injured. And now? Here she was nursing the man she’d almost killed. A breath wrenched through her dry lips. Then, she cleaned this last wound, wondering how she could possibly have done such a thing. It would leave a terrible scar. Remember who he is Rey. Remember what he’s done. But looking down at his shivering form, he seemed so much less a monster and so much more a broken man. When she was done, she came to her feet. There was a folded blanket at the bottom of the bed. Rey shook open the soft material and threw it across his shivering form, arranging it over his legs before reaching up to cover his shoulders. As she was about to pull away, wondering which of the multitude of medicines would help for his pain, he suddenly grabbed her wrist. A sharp gasp flew from her lips, her body going stock-still as she stared down at him. There was fever in his fiery eyes, gleaming through the intensity. But there was something else too. His lips parted, a sound shuddering through his teeth. She only had a brief moment to realize what he’d said, before he tugged her down towards him. Stay . Her mind spun and reeled as she crashed into his chest with a yelp of surprise. “Ben, what are you-“ With more strength than such an injured man should possess, his hands fanned around her waist, pulling her close, and she felt his touch so acutely she swore it would leave an imprint upon her skin. Conscious of his wounds, Rey tried to scramble off of him with a squeak of protest, but before she could escape, he turned on his side and drew her back in so that her back came snugly to rest against his chest. His arms wrapped firmly around her middle, her heart all but bursting from her ribs. And something pulsed off of him. That same emotion she’d felt from him in Starkiller Base. It wasn’t quite desire. It was longing. She barely breathed, her eyes squeezed shut, aware of every single inch of where his skin was pressing against hers. His powerful frame, even broken and bruised, somehow enveloped her in a feeling she couldn’t name. Or, perhaps, dared not to. Yet it was that feeling that caused her to turn around in his embrace, until her nose brushed against his chin. His lashes were wet with tears. A deep pang of sorrow twisted through her. Suspended in that ache, she was stunned into watching a tear streak down across his cheek, before it embraced his lips. There was no thought to her movement, only an undeniable need to take away his agony. With a gentle caress of her thumb, she swiped across the rivulet. Her fingertips trailed down his jaw, her throat growing tight. Umber eyes fluttering open, he looked at her with so much naked anguish that it stole her breath away. “What have I done? I… Had no choice… can’t…” “Shh,” she murmured. “It’s alright.” His eyes fell shut again, forehead coming to rest against hers. She blinked away tears of her own. Keep yourself together, Rey. Perhaps she should have let him suffer for the path he’d chosen. Perhaps she should have left at that very moment…. But his fear and agony and regret all made a potent mix from which she was too exhausted to attempt to guard or extract herself. Somehow, she could not bear the thought of leaving him now. And then, as her eyes drifted shut, she began to hum. It was a tune she’d always known, a melody she would sing to herself when life became too much for one lonely scavenger. Right now, it came as naturally as it always had. Slow and steady it began, like the gentle rhythm of a peaceful heartbeat... yet every murmur of her voice was tinged with melancholy, telling a story of words she did not know, but had imagined so many thousands of times. But despite the sadness inherent in every element of the melody, it eventually flowed into something else. Hope. Remembrance. Once, it may have been a song of love lost, or love found. It may have been a lullaby. She knew not. All that mattered was that it had always brought her comfort, even during her darkest, loneliest nights. And as she had hoped, it gradually brought a sense of calm to them both. A lull, in the eye of the tempest. In his pain-induced fever, Kylo Ren leaned into her, burying his face in her hair as his arms tightened around her waist. The tenderness of his touch momentarily sent a hitch through her voice, but she tried to ignore how he felt against her, tried to ignore the bizarre rhythm of her heartbeat. Until, her name fell in a soft breath from his lips. Her song stilled. “Rey…” he murmured into her hair, before tilting his head down, nose brushing against her throat. She swore her pulse stopped. Bravely, Rey reached for the song once more, and felt him go still beside her. Notes: I read an article the other day in which John Boyega said that Finn and Rey are only friends, and that the romance in the next movie will be handled far different from what people expect. Of course my Reylo-shipping heart almost burst from happiness! I guess I am hoping for something that’s never going to happen – but to all you lovely Reylo shippers, can you guys imagine how amazing it would be if they actually followed a romance between Kylo Ren and Rey in the movies? I could die happy if that happened. As always, thank you for reading, and please leave some feedback if you're enjoying this story so far! Chapter 4 : Freefall Notes: Please note I don't always follow canon to the letter. I will be taking some minor creative license with the Force and Force Bonds in this story. To everyone who has been reading, reviewing, commenting, giving kudos and just generally being encouraging – you guys are CRAZY AMAZING and I love you to bits. And special thanks to my boyfriend who is both my sounding board and my beta-reader :) I worked really hard on this chapter and I hope you guys like it! Song: Divenire by Ludovico Einaudi (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 4: Freefall It's alright let her sleep She can't understand now No, you don't speak to her Because she doesn't feel this heart anymore Wind, neither you to tell No, you don't speak to her She can't understand now She sleeps, sleeps and doesn’t want to She doesn't like this heart anymore Four winds and I'm alone My notes without fortune Let her still sleep Let her die first This soul without love -Nuvole Bianche, Ludovico Einaudi There was very little rest for Rey that night. She drifted somewhere between wakefulness and nightmares, stirring every few minutes to assure herself that he was still breathing. Throughout the endless hours, he tossed and turned in pain and delirium, and his feverish heat became almost unbearable. Yet outside of their warm cocoon she knew it was icily cold, the wind howling through the front door that she’d forgotten to close. She stayed, and if during the darkness she reached for his hand, she told herself it was more for his sake than her own. I’m here, Ben… she thought at him, the words dreamily tugging at something deep inside. Don’t let go. But exhaustion must have fully claimed her at some point, for when she opened her eyes once more, there was sunlight spilling across the bed through the half-drawn blinds. Rey lurched awake, cursing herself for falling asleep during her vigil, and immediately turned to face him– To find that, finally, after a harrowing night, he was sleeping peacefully, his chest rising and falling with breaths that no longer rasped. Her senses weren’t being assaulted by his pain anymore, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t suffering. She had no idea how this bizarre connection between them worked - if it was a constant thing or something that would fade, but she would take the dimming of this particular sensation as a good sign. Still, she reached for his forehead, needing the assurance that he truly was through the worst of it. Beneath her palm, his skin was warm, but nowhere near the height of fever. The profound relief staggered her into a breathless laugh. She smiled, her fingertips trailing a tender caress down his temple. And then, a heartbeat later, her overwhelming relief was crushed by sickening guilt that she could feel like this about a man who had tried to kill her, after murdering his own father. Rey’s hand flinched back, fist pressing against her chest as her eyes squeezed shut. An inhale snagged in her throat. Quietly, she slipped out of bed. The second her feet touched the floor, she ran. Ran out of the strange house and into the field, ran and ran and ran, letting the wind scatter her thoughts into the clear, cold sky. This place was very green. And the sun was butter-soft, not at all like the scorching heat of home. It might have been nice, if she wasn’t exhausted beyond belief and the ever-blowing wind didn’t weave its cold, stinging fingers through her blood-soaked clothing. When fatigue caught up with her, Rey sank to her knees in the tall grass, finding the wind much more bearable once she was tucked in the greenery. She laid onto her back, and then it was only her - her and her green wall and the brilliant, azure sky. Her fingertips brushed idly against the grass stalks as a flock of birds flew by overhead. She was so used to the infinite dunes of home. Being cloaked in this field sparked a moment of childlike joy; a soft smile that eased a tiny bit of the grief. No one would ever be able to find her here. Which was such a strange thing to think, when for all her life, all she’d ever wanted was to be found. In some way, that wish had come true. Not by the family she’d always imagined would come back for her, but by a young man who had cared to ask if she was alright, who had come after her when she was captured, who had defended her with his life. Who had been brave, and funny, and kind . Oh, Finn. The sky was so very blue, and so far away, and how much farther was she now from him? Where, in that infinite expanse would she find him when her own location was still a mystery to her? If only she could know for certain that he was okay – that he had survived the battle, the crumbling of the planet... You have to be alright, my friend. You have to. Rey turned away from the sky, no longer able to bear its vastness, but as she shifted onto her side, something pressed into her hip. Her fingers reached down and grabbed whatever it was, intending on tossing it aside, only to still when her skin met with smooth, cold metal. Bewildered, she snatched it from her belt, sitting up in the grass as she stared down at the lightsaber. Why hadn’t he taken it? Maz Kanata had said it once belonged to Luke Skywalker - and if that was true, then he must have known! He’d been trying to claim it when, instead, the weapon had flown to her hand. She should never have touched the blasted thing! Since the very moment those disturbing visions had flashed through her head, everything had gone wrong. The attack, getting separated from Finn, being captured, and– Han . Anguish bloomed in her hazel eyes. If they hadn’t come back for her… Would Han Solo have met his death at the hands of his son? Her grip tightened, shaking. She didn’t want this damned lightsaber! She didn’t want to care! She wanted to go back home, feel the sand beneath her feet, the blistering sun on her skin. She wanted her quarterstaff, her collection of parts and trinkets she’d been stowing away – she wanted the sky that was a washed-out blue during the day but came alive at night, a sky that was dusted with as many stars as there were grains of sand in the desert. Perhaps she really was better off alone. Scowling, Rey was tempted to throw the cursed weapon into the field where it would never be found again. She did not understand! Until she’d met Finn, all of this – the Jedi, the Force, the dark side and the light – it seemed like a far-off myth that had nothing to do with her. She’d never cared about anything other than taking each day as it came, each day that would bring her closer to the family she'd always wanted. For so many years, she’d never cared about anyone other than herself. But now, here she was, freefalling into a fight that wasn’t hers, and everything was happening too fast after a lifetime of waiting. Shuddering, she hugged her legs against her chest, curling into a ball with the saber clutched to her ribs. Not all of it was entirely sudden, though... There had been instances in her life which she’d always ascribed to as having an uncanny amount luck on her side. A fall that should have meant her death was suddenly stopped by a cable jumping into her hand in the nick of time. In her most desperate moments, she’d been able to persuade others into deals they perhaps would not normally have made. Another pilot had once told her that she had lightning reflexes - reflexes that enabled her to do stunts few others would dare. Had the Force always been there, and she’d simply never known what it was? Had it never been luck , but a real, raw power, lying all but dormant inside of her? Dormant and quiet, until that moment in the interrogation room, when a destructive, broken man had reached into her mind… And awoke it fully for the first time. When his nightmares cleared, he dreamed of sunlight. Sunlight on a sea of swaying grass, and trees that stirred in the wind, their boughs laced with blossoms. A soft, almost-familiar melody drifted through the air, luring him closer… stirring the scene to one of nostalgia. I’m here, Ben… Kylo Ren’s eyes snapped open. And he slammed into the full weight of his agony. Gasping, his chest rose and fell in rapid, agonizing heaves. He frantically rushed to open his mind and lean into the pain like he’d been trained, to embrace it rather than resist it, but it was difficult. His consciousness felt frayed, sprawled too freely in shredded tangles for him to reign back in and command to its full potential. Disoriented, he minutely raised his head, taking in several things at once. He was lying upon a bed in a small, sparsely decorated room. Nearby, his clothing was piled across a chair, discarded. There were bandages wrapped around his chest, shoulder and thigh… And she was gone. A choking moment of panic clamped his throat shut. His mind scrambled, harrowed by exhaustion and agony and– There . She was outside. Entirely too far away for him to be able reach her in time, if anything were to go wrong. Did she have absolutely no idea of the danger? Unreasonable fury – at her, at himself, at everything – eclipsed his sudden terror, almost uncontrollable in his current state. He could only hope that it wasn’t too late – that neither Snoke nor anyone else had discovered them whilst he slept. He grit his teeth, a new sheen of sweat gleaming upon his forehead as he expanded his mind, hoisting up a mental barrier around their location, ensuring that the scavenger was within its bounds. I’d told her to leave… At first it was an unstable, battered thing, almost shattering completely as his control slipped - but at least his pain could be put to good use now, as he drew upon it to fuel the Force and stabilize the barrier. And yet she’d stayed. As soon as it snapped into place, his vision swam, exhaustion all but dragging him back into oblivion. It would leech every bit of his strength to keep the shroud in place, but it was necessary to conceal them from being found through the Force. Hopefully, for now, it would be enough. He could not risk them being found yet. Not yet. Not when he didn't- Catching his breath, he could sense her drawing closer. Her brightness made him feel sick. Trying to sit up turned out be an excruciating experience; one he was relieved to be alone for. Shards of pain splintered through his chest, constantly hindering his breathing – breathe too deep, it felt as though his ribs would shatter, breathe too shallow and he was certain he would pass out. When he had finally managed to drag himself into sitting up against the headboard, the room was spinning. Without having realized, his fingertips reached up to the slash across his face. He winced. Each tiny expression caused it to send painful stabs through his skull, where a fierce headache was already pounding away at his sanity. Suddenly, his attention was drawn back to the girl. She had changed course – instead of coming back, she was heading towards the TIE fighter. And that same panic from minutes earlier threatened to choke him once more– No. He'd told her to go. What did he care if she decided to do just that? Tired eyes drifted down to his bandages, to the medical supplies upon the floor, the bowl of bloodied water… The bed, in which he had clearly not slept alone. Stupid, foolish, stubborn girl. He hadn’t wanted to be saved. Shifting his feet across the edge of the bed and standing up was a challenge all on its own, as was pulling on his trousers. But as Kylo Ren stumbled through the hallway, right arm wrapped tightly around his bandaged chest, all he could think about was a sweet, humming voice, and a warm hand gripping his. Things no monster should ever be worthy of. After Rey had come to her feet, lightsaber once again tucked into her belt, she found a road leading towards the rocky peaks in the distance. In truth it was little more than a pair of overgrown tire tracks, perhaps where trucks and other vehicles had traveled along from the digging-site to wherever else. She could not say for how long she stood there, fists clenched at her sides, staring at that simple road. It wasn’t that she was afraid of following it. Rather, she was afraid of the reason why her legs had not yet moved a single step in its direction. The same reason why she hadn’t been able to take the TIE fighter, even when he’d told her to. She ached just thinking about him. Ached for too many reasons that was fair or sensible. From the very moment he’d first removed his mask, she’d felt drawn to him. Perhaps in part because his appearance had shocked her to her core – after all, one does not expect a creature in a mask to be anything other than monstrous. But it had been more than that, something that went beyond her understanding. He’d ignited something within her – something strange and unfamiliar, that she'd never felt before, about anyone . In her entire life she’d barely had a handful of friends – anything more than friendship had rarely crossed her mind. She’d wanted a family, not a night in someone’s arms who would only abandon her when they grew tired of her. Besides, there had always been many other important things to worry about. But then… that fleeting moment between them, after he’d found her in the hallway… Even now, she could recall how nothing else had seemed to matter but the intensity of his eyes and the curve of his lips and his hands on her waist, and how badly, terribly, she’d yearned for him… That feeling terrified her. For even after everything that had happened, even though she knew that what he’d said in throes of pain meant nothing – that feeling was still there . With a frustrated sigh, she forced herself to be practical. Leaving now, without food, without water, without any idea where she was – that was suicidal. If living in the desert had taught her anything, it was that one should never underestimate the terrain. It could kill you as surely as any opponent of flesh and bone. She also couldn’t remember the last time she’d eaten, and while it wouldn’t be the first time she’d gone for long stretches without food, it was never a very pleasant experience, nor one she wished to prolong any longer than necessary. And so, as she turned back, heavy steps trudging through the grass, Rey told herself she was doing the right thing. That she was surviving, as she had always done. The way back led her past the digging-site, and she paused at its edge. It was a steep drop from where she stood and the wind blew harder here, tugging at her loose hair and casting it in tangles across her shoulders. As her gaze followed the dirt road that led down to the deeper parts of site below, she couldn’t help but wonder why he'd brought them here, or how he’d known this place existed. Asking him that is probably out of the question though , she thought, a sardonic smile tugging at her lips. Rubbing her hands up and down her arms, she began walking again, absently heading towards TIE fighter that hunched like an insect in the field. At a glance, it seemed to be in an alright shape, but it had clearly taken a hit at some point, and a thorough inspection would be needed if she was even going to attempt to fly it anywhere. Immersed in thought, she rounded the wing. And then, there he was. She froze, breath hitching in her throat, taking in the sight of him; his arm wrapped around his ribs, the wind whipping through his hair, the starkness of the slash across his pale face… The intense gaze that was as sharp and as molten as his wicked lightsaber – and was trained directly on her. On impulse, she bolted, but he lunged for her so quickly she’d barely reached the other side of the ship before he caught her around her middle. She screeched, her feet kicking out into the air as he hoisted her back. “Let me go!” Her elbow shoved wildly against the unwounded side of ribs, yet she heard him curse as he released her, collapsing forward. A sharp pang of his pain flared through her side, almost completely robbing her of breath as she crashed to her knees. Shaking her head in an effort to clear the haze, she tried to stumble to her feet, but he grabbed her by her hips and twisted her around so that she fell hard onto her back, the wind knocking right out of her. Looming over her, his knees bracing on either sides of her thighs, he pinned her into the grass. “Monsters do not care if little scavenger girls save them,” he snarled, his frantic, furious gaze sweeping across her face. “Did you think I would thank you if you nursed me back to health? Did you think it would change anything at all?” An angry cry escaped her lips as she struggled against his grip. “ You brought me here,” she snapped. “If I'd let you die I’d be as much of a monster as you are!” He grabbed her jaw, fingers digging into her flesh, hard enough to bruise. She winced, struggled, her hands wrapping uselessly around his wrist. “There is only one thing you do with a wounded animal.” His fingers clawed tighter. “You put it out of its misery.” Ben , she pleaded, failing to wrench her jaw away. But her plea only sparked his anger. “You’re such a fragile little thing, aren’t you?” Umber eyes flashed dangerously. “A fragile little bird caught in the monster’s grasp. Where is your valiant Stormtrooper now, little bird? Your pathetic group of friends?” He leaned in lower, hissing, “They’re all dead . Killed by the monster you decided to save. And now, it’s only you. Alone and abandoned once again. How easy it would be to break your wings.” Her eyes turned to steel beneath a sheen of tears. “I should hate you.” An incredulous, bitter laugh escaped him. “Yes. You should.” When she blinked, tears spilled from her lashes. She dropped her hands away from his wrist. “But I don’t.” Immediately, his sneer returned, his unrelenting grip pressing even harder. “Then you are an even bigger fool than I’d thought.” “Tell me why you brought me here,” she said. “Tell me why you saved me when we both know what you’re capable of!” With a harsh twist to her jaw, he abruptly let her go and stumbled to his feet. He turned away from her, his left hand reaching out to rest against the ship. Waves of his almost-crippling weariness pressed against her mind, but Rey wouldn’t be deterred. She wavered to her feet, shouting, “You are Han’s son! Han , who was one of the few people in this entire world to show me kindness... And you killed him. You killed him – but saved me– ” He whirled around, eyes ablaze with hatred. “Which will not stop me from destroying you now!” Somehow, despite the fear thrumming through her veins, she kept her ground. A fierce spark of rage ignited a dangerous impulse: she yanked the lightsaber from her belt and thrusted it out at him. “Then do it! Let’s end this right here and now! Kill me and be done with it!” He moved in a blur, wrenching the saber out of her hand and summoning the blade so quickly she’d barely had time to blink. As it crackled into existence, he looked straight into her frightened eyes. “Do you truly think I don’t know what you’re trying to do?” he snarled. “I am fated for darkness . Han Solo could not sway me to the light. With his death, the last pull of the light was extinguished. And you, a mere scavenger, cannot hope to achieve what my own father could not!” The blade hummed as he swerved it towards her, hovering it right over her chest. Slowly, she shook her head, breathless with fear and grief. “You had a choice-" “I did not choose !” he erupted, his entire being lighting up like a smouldering fire. “I walk the path my grandfather had walked before me, a path that had been laid at my feet long before I had ever been born! Everything I have done, is as it should be!” In the brunt of his overwhelming rage, it was impossible to contain the fierce tremors shaking through her entire body. “Then why…” she pleaded, her voice almost lost to the wind. “Why did you save my life?” He did not answer for some time, a strained moment in which she watched the sweat dripping down his brow, the heavy breaths exerting from his chest. Finally, he lowered the weapon, though he did not extinguish the blade. “You have the last piece of the map I need to find Luke Skywalker. Until then, you are more valuable to me alive, than dead.” Rey’s eyes squeezed shut, an unreasonable hurt swelling in her chest. She should have known. Why had she allowed herself to think anything different? Suspended in his words, they remained motionless, the low hum of the weapon barely audible beneath the wind… And then, something else. A deep, menacing sound rose from the field, instantly setting the hairs at the back of her neck on edge. She saw his eyes flickering away from her, her own gaze barely turning to glimpse something, suddenly leaping from the grass- In the lilt of a heartbeat, Kylo Ren lunged for her. A roar thundered through the air, a shadow in the corner of her vision– His fingers upon her wrist– Something sharp cutting through her shoulder– She screamed, in fright and pain, when in a dizzying, fleeting moment, his arms curled around her waist to spin them out of reach. But as he fluidly let her go, shoving her away, she felt his wounded side tear from the effort. For an instant, her vision blazed white, his pain obliterating her own. Her back smashed harshly against the wing of the ship. She dropped into the grass, instinctively grabbing her shoulder, the blood leaking hotly through her fingers. But her mind was locked on him , wild horror manifesting in a panicked Ben! before she looked up. Where she’d been standing a second ago, a monstrous feline hunched in a ravenous snarl - a single one of its claws red with her blood. The beast was large, but thin and mangy, its ribs clearly visible along its sides. Dazed, she watched as Kylo Ren, injured though he was, slipped into a predatory stance to face the golden, frenzied creature before him. In a paralyzing second, man and feline stood locked in a duel of glares. And then they danced, slashing talons and blue arcs. Yet where in the crumbling, frigid forest Kylo Ren had flowed in fluid grace, his movements were now sloppy and defensive in comparison. There had already been a sheen of sweat glistening upon his brow, but now, he was panting through bared teeth and his blood soaked through the bandages around his chest. Her fear for him sliced sharper than the burning in her shoulder. Then, abruptly, perhaps tiring of the creature who was putting up a fight, the golden beast turned to the more vulnerable target left wide open behind it. Rey’s heart staggered, panic grabbing her throat. Over the head of the creature, she met Kylo Ren's umber gaze, and she could have sworn she saw a brief flash of fear pass through his eyes. But then, with a monstrous roar, he thrust his palm forward and the Force flared out of him like a gale, swooping the creature through the air to smash it harshly into the ship. A second later, an agonised howl split through the air as the lightsaber plunged straight into the beast’s heart. It collapsed, dead. Rey scrambled away. Shuddering gasps huffed through her lips, her entire body shaking. She hunched over, retching, but her stomach was empty and the only thing her dry-heaving managed was to make her throat ache from the effort. Palms pressing into the grass, she concentrated on breathing, ignoring the razor-sharp sting in her shoulder. And the ghost of a pain that was not hers. Kylo Ren shuddered from barely-contained anger, his blood thrumming with adrenaline and suffering and the consistent effort of keeping up the barrier. His unseeing gaze was fixed upon the dead creature at his feet, whilst his mind was torn between blocking out the scavenger’s presence and determining her condition. He should have never allowed that crazed beast to get anywhere near her. He should have sensed the damned thing long before it ever became a danger! You weak, pathetic fool. A scowl marred his features. A cut from those claws were certain to cause infection. Which meant she would be absolutely useless to him if the wound wasn’t dealt with quickly and decently. Another swell of rage simmered through his blood. Anger was a state of mind he constantly strived for - but it meant nothing when he lacked the clarity to direct it into a single focus; when it spilled out of him in uncontrollable currents, like the temperamental mood swings of a damned teenager. His Master had always claimed he lacked focus – something he had refused to believe. Now, the very proof of his unfocused, conflicted mind was cowering in the grass barely a few paces away. Kylo Ren’s eyes fluttered shut, a deep breath shaking through his nose. Her emotions, her thoughts and sensations, they were all pulling at him like the tides of the ocean. He could feel her terror, the burning from the cut on her shoulder, her relief at the beast being dead, her fatigue, her concern about him - Fiercely, he shut her out as well as he could manage. Their connection should not be this strong or this simple! Ever since the interrogation room, he’d been able to sense her so intensely, so effortlessly … He was skilled in telepathy, certainly – but her? Such connections took mutual growth, time, training– Torture. When he had completed the first phase of his training, Snoke had deemed it prudent to bind a connection between them, in order to further his student’s abilities. And he did. He had clawed his way into his mind, rending through each and every single defense until there had been nothing left. Until the bond between them had become a forged, twisted limb, an unbreakable tether. One he could only escape for so long. Again, her emotions brushed his. Pain, fear, uncertainty- Damn her! He should not care about her blasted feelings . It was the exhaustion. He needed rest. While his anger and self-loathing could be channeled into assisting the healing process, constantly drawing upon his pain to fuel his abilities was working entirely against that. And at the moment, he wasn’t strong enough not to draw upon the pain. Without rest soon, he would completely burn out. Extinguishing the lightsaber, he slipped the weapon into the waistband of his trousers, and turned to face her. She was braced on her knees in the grass, her back towards him. With slow strides, he made his way over to her. She did not move as he crouched at her side, but he could feel her alertness settle on him. For the life of him, he could not say what made his fingertips reach toward her face; an impulse he could not grasp. But it mattered little, for she flinched away, her wild eyes snapping to his. “ Don’t ,” she said, the word laced with so much hurt he withdrew his hand back into a fist. Shivers were racking her slender frame as blood streaked across her entire left shoulder, seeping through her fingers to drip into the grass. Only a grazing cut, yet it had gone deeper than he’d thought. He clenched his jaw. “You’re injured.” “I’ll live,” she bit out, staring down into the grass. A scoff huffed between his lips. “Will you?” Her eyes flickered up to his, but while he’d been expecting a glare, her expression was one of fatigue, as though the fight had completely gone out of her. He would have preferred a glare. “I don’t know what to make of you anymore,” she muttered, the wind stirring her tangled hair. “You brought me here... put yourself between me and that creature… All because of the map ?” She slowly shook her head. “You could have taken me to the First Order. To your Master. To another interrogation room. Instead, you brought me here.” She searched his eyes too intensely. And he could feel her consciousness prod and poke his – but whether she was doing it intentionally or not, he remained resolute in shutting her out as best as he was currently able. A sigh flew from her lips, and she dipped her head, taking a deep breath before starting to rise to her feet. Yet she had barely straightened when she swayed. In an instant, he caught her against his chest. Fury spiked through him at his reflexive reaction. His apparent need to constantly come to her aid was beginning to grate on his nerves. With a soft grunt, he roughly scooped her into his arms, holding her tighter as she scrambled. “Put me down!” “You can barely walk.” “But your injuries-“ “I’ll live,” he echoed her words, and began heading back towards the dwelling. After a moment her lingering gaze drew his, and when he looked down into her eyes, she murmured, “ Monsters …do not care about saving little birds.” As the sunlight caught those brown eyes, casting feathery shadows through her long lashes, he noticed they were flecked with green. “No,” he agreed. “They do not.” If the smallest of smiles curved across her lips, he pretended not to see it. Notes: After my first exam this week I spoiled myself by watching the Force Awakens for the thousandth time xD Damn, that scene between Ben and Han… Gets me right in the heart, every time. Not to mention all the Reylo goodness *swoons* Thanks for reading and please leave some feedback if you have time! :) A moodboard for this chapter can be found here. Chapter 5 : Night Notes: This chapter probably would have been done a lot sooner if I hadn't gotten sick on top of having to study for exams… So I apologize for the wait. This one was kind of tricky to write, since it's absolutely brimming with tiny details and feelings and introspection... I hope it didn't turn out boring, and if it did… lets blame the flu, shall we? ^^ To all my wonderful readers, I thank you for reading, as well as all your support through comments, kudos and reviews :) Believe me, you have no idea how much your feedback means to me. Song: Night by Ludovico Einaudi (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 5: Night Will the darkness fall upon me When the air is growing thin Will the light begin to pull me To its everlasting will I can hear the voices haunting There is nothing left to fear And I am still calling I am still calling to you Ashes of Eden, Breaking Benjamin As soon as they stepped inside, he deposited her none-too-gently on top of the kitchen table. "Stay put," he ordered, untangling his arms from her tiny frame. She gave an angry huff and attempted to slip away while still gripping her shoulder. "I don't need any more help-" But she barely had her feet across the edge when he blocked her path, his right arm swiftly curling around her middle to scoot her back in place. Features twisting into a sneer, he dipped his head, catching her gaze with an intent look. "Just like you didn't need my help to get inside? Or kill the damned creature you had lured here?" Her eyes flashed. "What? I did not -" "You did. That beast was half-starved, it would never have attacked us otherwise. It must have smelled the blood on your clothing when you went off on your own, and followed you back here, desperate to catch the unsuspecting prey." Frustration bloomed on her features as she glanced between his eyes, perhaps gauging if he was telling the truth. "The longer we argue," he snapped, "the more blood you'll lose." But she was clearly determined to be willful and infuriating. "I'll accept your help, but only if you'll allow me to check your wounds afterwards." Exasperated, he shook his head, pulling away from her. "This is not a negotiation, scavenger." "I'm making it one." A soft grunt fell from his lips. "Fine, then be my guest and bleed out for all I care." He turned away, fury simmering just beneath the surface, only to have her suddenly snatch his wrist with her bloodied hand. His dark gaze snapped back, inherent rage threatening to obliterate her for her stubbornness – But the look on her face – pleading, open, concerned – cut straight through his ire. With a soft, imploring tone and wide eyes, she said, "I don't know how to do this, alright? I don't know how to act, or what to say, or what to think because clearly even my thoughts aren't safe from you." She paused, and he had the distinct feeling that she was gathering her courage. "But I do know you're in pain. I felt your wounds tear when you flung me out of the way…" Instantly, it all became clear. Her apparent concern for him was merely a reaction to having to endure his pain through the Force. It wasn't about him, it was about her . Why he'd even contemplated any other reason he could only ascribe to exhaustion. A tense second slipped by in which he was tempted to prolong their mutual suffering, purely for the fact that she had the audacity to demand anything of him. But all his refusal would accomplish would be to remain in this situation longer than absolutely necessary. "Alright," he growled, wrenching his arm from her grip. "After I stitch shut your shoulder." The fear blanching across her face made his lips tug into a brief, victorious smirk, while without another word he headed towards the bedroom and steadfastly ignored the warmth of her blood staining his wrist. Where Rey remained alone in the kitchen, she slowly gripped the edge of the table with both palms. The wind rushed through the open door, and though it caused her teeth to clatter, she hadn't the strength to stand up and close it. Even sitting as she was, she felt like she was about to pass out, the entire room spinning quite nauseatingly. Shivers were steadily coursing through her body, and despite the cold bite of the gusts blowing in from outside, there was sweat gathering upon her brow. Inhaling a deep breath through her nose, she blew it out through her lips, repeating this multiple times in an effort to keep herself coherent. Her mind was still reeling - both from the attack and what had taken place before it, but mostly because she could not stop thinking about that one moment. That tiny, sliver of a moment in which he'd reached for her, so intent on putting himself between her and that feline that he'd completely disregarded what it would mean for his injuries. It was all too much. Too bizarre. His pain, hers, anger, fear, exhaustion, hunger. She couldn't think straight anymore. Steeling herself, Rey tried to get a better look at her wound, but it was at such an angle that she couldn't quite see the extent of the damage, and her clothing, while somewhat ripped, was in the way. Drawing another deep breath through her nose, she slowly tugged at her neckline, slipping the wrap and her undershirt down just enough to expose her shoulder. Witnessing the blood oozing through the cut made her head spin, and she once again enclosed her fingers over it in an effort to slow the bleeding at least a little. She wondered if he was serious about the stitches – even the mere thought of it made her sick. Her last experience with stitches… hadn't exactly been pleasant. A fierce tremor shook through her, though she didn't quite know if it was from fever or fear. Just then, his heavy steps came through the hall, and she heard him pause abruptly in the doorway before he continued into the kitchen. Leaving the medical supplies and a bowl of clean water onto the table, he marched past her to shut the front door with a loud thud. Immediately the wind retreated to a soft howl against the walls, and she was grateful for having one less reason to shiver. Except, suddenly, the quiet was so pronounced that it seemed to swell and envelop the entire room in a stifling silence, pressing between them like a living thing. Perhaps if she had been thinking clearly, she would have wondered what that meant – why it was so awkward . Enemies, at least, knew where they stood with one another. But what was she to make of this man who seemed to embody the essence of a shadow itself, who was always changing from one form to the next, never quite allowing her to get any concrete idea what she felt about him? The heavy silence emphasised the avoidance of gazes, the uncomfortable shift of shoulders, the uneasy flexing of fingers. Neither one of them said a word as he finally came to stand at her side, rifling through the medical box. She pretended not to watch him from the corner of her eye, but her heart was steadily beating faster with his continued nearness and in the oppressing stillness, she had the passing, ridiculous fear that he could hear it. There was the gentle trickling of water as he dipped a cloth into the bowl. Her eyes briefly squeezed shut before finding on a tiny mark upon one of the kitchen cupboards. She focused on that spot so intently that she almost jumped right out of her skin when he touched her hand. Wide, hazel eyes flew up to meet with unyielding umber. Arching a raven brow, he instructed, "Let go." She blinked, confused, before realizing she was still clutching the injury he was trying to tend. Swallowing hard, she uncurled her fingers, drawing her hand away from beneath his touch and steadfastly returned her gaze to the cupboard. He was not gentle, causing her to wince several times, but at least he was methodical, his assured movements belying a practiced ease. After washing away the blood with swift swipes he cleaned the cut with a mild disinfectant and finished by pressing down on the gash for several long moments to completely stop the slowed bleeding. When the pressure lifted, Rey dared a curious peek. From what she could see, a single cut ran down from her shoulder towards her spine. "Is it really necessary to stitch it?" she asked with a voice that was entirely too small and vulnerable for her liking. He stilled, his heavy gaze fixing upon her. "Tell me you're not afraid of needles." There was a note of incredulity in his tone. She couldn't find it in herself to blame him. "Of course not." A scoff huffed through his lips. "I don't have to be able to read your mind to know that's a lie." Her eyes flicked up. "I'm not afraid. I just… don't like them." She realized how that sounded. There were far more important things to worry about, and here she was unable to quell her fears of an experience that had happened years ago. Fragile little thing indeed , she mused, too sore and exhausted to care whether he could read that particular thought. She even expected him to point out how pathetic she was, especially since he was pinning her beneath an unwavering stare that really made her want to squirm. But when he spoke, there was no malice in his voice. "The cut is not too severe, and the bleeding has stopped… but it'll take much longer to heal without stitches." Right. She was afraid of that. Pull yourself together. "Go on then," she said, turning her face away. To his credit, he said nothing more, and quietly readied the materials. Resolutely, she kept staring at that spot on the cupboard, trying to concentrate on breathing and not on what it would feel like when– "Think of something else." The evenly-toned statement took her by surprise, so much so that she was hardly aware of the first prick of the needle. Her reaction drifted to him with no conscious intent – Like what? She felt, rather than saw him hesitate. As he worked, a swell of his warm breath fell across her exposed neck. And then– … Flying . Her breath snagged inside her chest. For with his answer came the fleeting image of the world seen through the windows of an all-too familiar ship, of stars whizzing by in streaks of silver light, of a younger Han Solo, grinning at her– No. Not at her . She blinked, and the vision, the memory , was gone, leaving her heart beating painfully against her ribs. How deep that memory must lie, and yet to be connected so profoundly with the thought of flying… Agonizingly, she kept still, barely breathing at all, trying to tell herself that it was impossible for him to have deliberately sent her that thought, that he couldn't have known she would see it. And yet… "There, it's over," he said, and she became aware of a different sensation – he was rubbing something into her shoulder. Something that felt warm, good even, dulling the sharp edges of the pain to a bearable ache. It was such a surprising change to the constant torment of the last few days that she released a small sigh of relief, relishing in the alleviating touch and soothing warmth. When he stopped, she was almost sorry to feel his fingertips replaced by a bandage tied over her shoulder, and her clothing being slipped back into place. By now she was certain that he was finished with his insisted nursing session, yet he surprised her again. He fluidly stepped around the table to come to stand directly in front of her. And her momentary puzzlement was all it took for her to see everything she had not allowed herself to take notice of the day before. Pale skin scattered with a constellation of dark freckles and moles; broad shoulders that veered to lithely curved biceps; lean, toned stomach muscles that all but begged her eyes to follow the muscled line to slanting hipbones- Rey glanced away, heart in her throat, but he pressed two fingers against her jaw – not urgently, and certainly not as harshly as she knew he was able – to guide her to look up at him… Only for a second did she obey, catching the sombre look upon his features, the stark line of his scar– She flinched. "Unnerved so easily?" he asked, his tone holding a mixture of perplexity and derision. "I promise I won't bite." " I might." "As hard as any desert rat is able, I'm sure." Another retort was on the tip of her tongue, but he was undeterred, raising both hands to gently cup her face. The gesture effectively silenced whatever she'd been about to say, and all she could do was stare up at him in frozen shock. His fingers framed her cheeks, thumbs pressing slightly against her chin. At the touch, a soft hiss escaped between her teeth, more from surprise to find that the skin there was so tender than any real pain. It must already be bruised from when he'd grabbed her earlier. He hummed then, a deep, throaty sound, as he carefully turned her face this way and that, inspecting the wound at her temple she'd all but forgotten about. She kept him in her unwavering gaze, all uncertainty and mistrust, her heart beating almost uncontrollably, but he avoided her eyes, fingers drifting away from her face to reach for the water bowl. He dragged it closer to settle it beside her thigh. Then with gentle strokes, he cleaned her temple of the dried and sticky blood, and the entire time she didn't dare move. As though reminding him of her presence would somehow shatter… whatever this was. She would have preferred not to look at him, but it was proving to be impossible when he was leaning in so close, and his warm breath brushed against her skin… when she could trace the contours of sculpted muscles rippling beneath taut skin as he moved. How could he possibly be so quiet and contained, so methodical and precise, when she knew, she knew that he was a force of nature in his own right, an untameable storm only waiting to be released? It scared her, this quiet, the way his long eyelashes dipped when his eyes flickered between the medical supplies and her face. The way his nimble fingers weren't poised in directing the Force to claw into her mind, but moving tenderly in tiny movements – a thumb brushing against her jawline, fingertips tracing a trail of soothing salve over the scrape at her temple, fluttering over bruised skin. She squeezed her eyes shut. She didn't want to see this side of him. A side even more dangerous than the raging tempest. But she was so tired, and the salve and his fingertips felt so good, subduing her apprehension and providing a momentary spell of relief. Long-lashed eyes fluttered shut, as a soft, content moan spilled from her throat. Perhaps it was her sudden sleepiness playing tricks on her, but she could have sworn his fingers lingered just a fraction longer than strictly necessary. And by no intent of her own, her head drooped ever so slightly forward. For half a moment, her forehead gently came to rest against his chest. His heart leapt – Both sound and feeling resonating through her core. As though she was made of fire, he withdrew, and her eyes snapped open to see him standing with his back towards her, fists trembling at his sides. Energy crackled and spun through the space between them, profound but indecipherable. Her knuckles went stark white where she gripped the table, lips parting in distress as she tried to decide whether to reach out to him or– But before she could react, the energy receded – swift and sudden, like the last glimpse of the sun over the horizon. A moment passed, and then another before the rigidity flowed out of him. She watched as he stepped over to the sink, washed his hands and fished out two glasses that he filled with water. Facing her, he held one of them out to her. She blinked, puzzled. "Drink," he said simply. When her brain decided to work again, she eagerly took the water, all but downing it within seconds and swiping the back of her hand across her mouth by the time he'd barely taken a sip. Lowering the glass, she found him watching her with a bemused expression as he leaned back against the cupboards. Another wave of awkwardness washed over her, and she scrambled for something to break the silence with. "I… I wanted to thank you." He gave her a strange look that was somewhere between disdain and confusion. "Thank me? What could you possibly want to thank me for?" Rey swallowed, hard, trying to gather her frayed wits. She grabbed her glass with both hands in an effort to quiet the urge to fidget. "Helping me. With my shoulder. And. The water. And…" The final words, the real reason she was thanking him, was resting heavily upon her tongue, pressing against her ribs. Somehow, just blurting out that she was thankful he'd saved her life... twice now... It didn't seem right. Or enough. Her eyes squeezed shut, a sigh flowing through her nose. He made a sound, a sigh or scoff, she wasn't sure. "You really are the strangest creature I've ever encountered." She stilled. Creature . One of the very first things she'd ever said to him. It struck her that she barely knew anything more about him than she did that day. And though he was no longer wearing the visor fitting for a creature of darkness, he wore a mask all the same. Creature. Man. Monster. Enemy. Saviour. Kylo Ren. Ben Solo. Would she ever come to know which one was the real him? Or was she simply fooling herself, holding onto the hope that there was more to him than the masks? In her silent pensiveness, he'd returned to the medical supplies and begun unwrapping the bloodied bandages from around his chest. She pretended not to see the slightest tightening of the skin around his eyes – it wasn't a wince, not exactly, but still profound enough for her fingers to claw so tightly into the glass she was certain it would shatter in her grasp. When the last bandage and gauze came undone, revealing the blood gushing freely from his fractured ribcage, she had to place the glass aside. How was it possible for him to even be standing, let alone walking around – carrying her inside – all the while bearing that ? "I'm sorry ," she breathed, before she could catch herself. "This is my fault–" "Spare me," he said sharply, slanting her with a dark look. "I've had worse." She looked away, unable to even contemplate what could possibly be worse than a completely torn side and bruised ribs. A heavy, tensed silence settled between them. She'd intended to help him, that was their deal after all, but now that he was tending to his injury himself she felt completely out of place. And she would have left him to lick his wounds in peace, except she wasn't sure where else she was supposed to go. Unable to bear the silence any longer, she gestured to the aid kit. "Is there some medicine in there you can take for the pain? I wanted to give you something last night but-" "I don't need painkillers," he snapped, his irritation prickling like heat against her skin. He was applying clean gauze now, features set in a scowl. After a brief pause, he added, "You should take some though." A frown dipped between her brows. "What? I have one cut, you-" Fury flashed across his face as he pinned her beneath a searing gaze. "Can you manipulate the Force to help you heal?" Stunned, her parted lips shut in silence. "No, of course not. You only realized you were Force sensitive a few days ago. Whereas I have been training my entire life ." He threw down the scissor he'd used to cut the bandages. "I told you. I'll live. And whatever inconvenience you may be experiencing on my behalf, it'll be over soon." Her body went ridged, his words piercing like daggers through her chest as her gaze grew more bewildered. "Inconvenience? Is that really what you think…? That I view your pain as an inconvenience ?" She stared at him. "It's not about me. I didn't help you for my sake–" " Enough! " He loomed towards her, shoulders hunched, hands tensed into claws – and her pulse nearly stopped in the sudden maelstrom of his anger. "Your very presence is already making me sick," he hissed. "At least attempt to contain your emotions. I don't have the strength to keep blocking you out, while simultaneously keeping you from sensing mine." He inhaled a shuddering breath. "And I sure as hell don't need a fucking scavenger to fuss over me." Turning his back towards her, he went back to ministering his wounds, and Rey frantically clamped down every single emotion threatening to well up. Her entire body tensed, throat aching from the effort, trembles racking through her. With eyes shut, she tried to calm down, to not think about anything at all, lest he realize just how raw his words had left her. Several strained, silent minutes crawled by in which Kylo Ren resolutely focused on tending to himself. It was a struggle to keep thinking straight through the labyrinth of pain and confliction, to not let any further traces of vulnerability slip. The fight with that beast – a fight that by all rights should have been child's play – had taken much more out of him than he would care to admit. But at least he managed to stop the renewed bleeding and applied the same healing salve he'd used on the scavenger's shoulder. Then, with some minor frustration, he bandaged his chest once more. At this rate their medical supplies wouldn't hold out much longer. He'd need to go check the other dwellings to see if their aid kits had anything of use. All the while, she remained as quiet as the desert rat he'd called her to be. And somehow – he supposed he shouldn't have been surprised, judging from how quickly her abilities were strengthening – she did as he'd asked. Her emotions no longer assaulted his, nor did he feel her essence brush his too keenly. Aggravating creature. At least the quiet lent him a reprieve in which to gather his resolve and focus on shutting her out from the vexing agony harassing him. But the silence also seemed to magnify her every tiny movement. The rustle of her clothing. Her faint, feathered breath. The careful, measured way in which she slipped off the table. He listened to every soft step that took her over to the kitchen cupboards. There, she promptly began rifling through them, no-doubt searching for something to eat. A sigh shuddered through his nose. When he turned, she had retrieved two cans of soup from a top cupboard, and now rummaged through a drawer. Silently, he rounded the kitchen table and pulled out the drawer closest to him, the cutlery rattling softly inside. It took only a moment to find a can opener. "Here," he said, holding it out to her. Her gaze flashed to him, glancing between the offered utensil and his eyes before taking it. A tiny nod of acknowledgment was all he received before she began opening the first can. He leaned back against the sink, briefly closing his eyes against the searing fire throbbing through the slash across his face. Fatigue dragged at his bones, but there would be no rest for him yet. Not for a long while. When his eyes drifted open, he found an opened can of soup beside him on the cupboard. He viewed it with mild distaste and indifference. The scavenger, however, clearly had no such qualms about the cold, no-doubt flavourless soup, for she quickly brought hers to her lips and proceeded to all but inhale it as she'd done with the water. His reaction was reflexive - he gently caught her wrist. Those wide, owlish eyes immediately settled on him, annoyance and a hint of fright written clearly in their depths. "Slow down," he admonished. "You'll make yourself sick." He spent a passing thought on why the heck he should care. Perhaps she thought the same thing as a look of defiance tinged her features. But she must have realized there was some sense in his words for she relented with a sigh. As she returned to her meal, he noted the effort she made of taking smaller sips every few moments, instead of downing it all in one go. And for some blasted, inexplicable reason, his lips almost, almost tugged in amusement. Scowling, he raised his own can and drank. A grimace twisted across his lips. He was right about the lack of flavour, and the cold certainly did it no favours, but he supposed he had to eat something at some point. "What is this place anyway?" she asked then, startling him out of his thoughts. He kept his gaze trained fixedly upon the tin in his hand. "An inconsequential planet with few inhabitants." "And how did you know about it?" Was that a note of accusation in her tone? His eyes flicked up to meet hers, finding a hardness to her gaze. "This was one of the planets The First Order used for its resources to build Starkiller Base," he answered simply. "I visited this site once, briefly." "And the inhabitants did not mind the First Order using their lands to build a weapon that could destroy any inconsequential planets as they see fit? Or was that why you were here? To snuff any such rebellious notions?" His fingers tightened. "Not everyone in this damned galaxy is as stubborn or as rebellious as you. Some of them know their place." A sneer tugged at the corner of her mouth. "Like you know yours? As the lapdog of the First Order?" It took every single bit of willpower he possessed to remained motionless. To not grab her by the throat and see the life leave those clear, hazel eyes. When he finally spoke, his tone was even, concealing his wicked anger. "You should get some sleep." Clearly that was not the response she'd been expecting, if the brief look of surprise flickering through doe-eyes was anything to go on. She suddenly seemed at a loss for words, which was quite ironic as she'd been the one to bait him but a moment ago. "What about you?" she finally asked. He suppressed a flare of frustration that manifested in a low growl. "What about me?" "You need to sleep too." Unbidden, a dark laugh fell from his lips. "Afraid I'll kill you in your sleep, little bird?" he mocked, relishing the return of the steel in her eyes. Leaning closer, he loomed over her. "If I'd wanted you dead, you would be." Her hands curled into fists at her sides, but she didn't waver under his gaze, nor did she step away. "You are infuriating," she bit out. "The feeling is mutual," he scoffed, leaning back against the cupboards again. Gesturing to the bedroom, he added, "Go on." Without a further word, she left, shutting the bedroom door with a slam that echoed through the house. Night had fallen. Kylo Ren was a solitary figure at the kitchen table, right arm once again holding his ribcage, his left hand resting upon his thigh. He clenched and unclenched his fingers as he watched the darkened world, idly noting how this place had not changed at all since his brief visit years ago. The days were short, the wind never stopped blowing, and there was a constant frigidness in the air. From what he recalled, the men stationed here had reported relentless thunderstorms and even freak snowstorms that would gather in a moment's notice. Partly the reason why this quarry had been abandoned so soon into its establishment. His pale reflection stared back at him from the window. And the mark, the slash that would forever be a testament of failure, seemed to mock him for his weaknesses. He longed for his visor more than ever. He felt naked without it; vulnerable, open. Especially around the damned scavenger. Her clear eyes noticed too much. She should not have such an advantage, coupled with this ridiculous bond. I wanted to thank you, she'd said. What creature in their right mind thanks the monster that had left them bloodied and bruised? Releasing a harsh breath, he closed his eyes. The last few days felt like a blur. A nauseating blur that still left him reeling; he was unraveling, flung from the path he was meant to walk, his own contradictory actions a thorn in side. All because of her. Kylo Ren frowned, rising to his feet to stand by the window. She'd wanted to know why he'd saved her, and brought her here. He'd given her a truthful answer, but what she didn't know was that it had only been in that very moment, the moment when she'd asked, that he'd recalled the map to Luke Skywalker. It was only then that he'd been forced to ask himself the same questions. He did want the map. He did want to find Luke Skywalker. But that did not explain the unstoppable wave of instinct that had swept him into saving her from a fall that would have meant her death. It was making him sick, trying to discern where that instinct had sprung from. Impossible, to think he could somehow hold compassion for this girl. He sent a dark, somber look towards the bedroom. She'd managed to beat him, in that forest. Her natural abilities, even untrained, was astounding. But he had wanted to die. He'd thought the death of Han Solo would bring the end to his torment. He'd thought it would free him of this lifelong pain, the pain of always being torn in two opposite directions. It had not. For even in the aftermath of his greatest test, even with the blood of his father tainting his hands, he could still feel the light – pulling, reaching at him through the essence of a tiny, insignificant scavenger. And so, buried beneath all of his fury and hate, there had been the desire to have it all end. Trembles started to shake through him, agony threatening to claw from the inside out. His hands tightened into shaking fists. She should have killed him. He had already failed, and he'd kept failing when in that moment of death not delivered, in that real, raw moment, he had decided to save her. Suddenly, he stilled, something dark sparking in his eyes. The greatest weakness and yet the greatest strength of the dark side, was that all power either be destroyed – or taken. Perhaps… It hadn't been compassion… It was her power that had allured him from the start, her power that he'd wanted to save, to save so that he could have it for himself. Perhaps he had not failed, after all. His instinctive need to guard her, to protect her from his Master… These were yet the yearnings of the dark side, a fierce desire to control and dominate, to carve out and take what was his . All at once, a plan rapidly began taking form, his brows twisting into a severe frown. After he had dealt with Skywalker, he would convince the little rat to join the dark side and become his apprentice. He would teach her. She would become one of the most powerful Knights of Ren. Together, they can become unstoppable. It would not be easy, though. Her ight was unlike any he'd ever encountered before, blinding in its intensity. And yet… she'd let her emotions guide her… Emotions that were powerful enough to rival his own. If he could show her what she was truly capable of, the strength she could draw from using those compelling feelings… What a pity it would be to quench such fierceness with the dismal techniques of the Jedi. But if this plan would have any hope in succeeding, he could not further risk the wrath of the Supreme Leader. His Master had already showed a lack of faith in him… And while the death of Han Solo would have demonstrated his commitment to the dark side, that success would mean nothing if his Master suspected the scavenger to have lured him to the light. With this, he would prove his loyalty to the dark side, once and for all. And so, Kylo Ren let go of the mental barrier he'd raised that morning, feeling it slip away until it faded away into nothingness. With its dissipation came at least a measure of relief to the ever-pounding headache. Now, all he needed to do was wait. His breath fogged against the window, covering his reflection. She was sleeping now. Her shoulder had been paining her, leaving her tossing and turning, but a gentle nudge through the Force had descended her into slumber. He headed through the hallway towards the bedroom, his heavy steps resounding through the silence. Quietly opening the door, he slipped inside and as he stepped over to his clothing that still lay across the chair, he steadfastly refused to look down at the slender figure on the bed. Forgoing the robes for now, he pulled his shirt over his head. Then, out ingrained habit, he folded the rest of his clothes meticulously, placing it back upon the chair. His lightsaber was still attached to his belt. He unclasped it, and placed both lightsabers, the black and the silver, atop the bedside cabinet. For the longest time, he stood motionless, eyes closed and fists at his sides. Her essence was like a sun in the room. Slowly, he turned. She was curled into a ball on her side, one hand tucked just beneath her chin. Her hair had come entirely loose from its style, framing her face in tangled waves. She didn't look like the celestial light haunting the edges of his shadows. She didn't look like anything at all; a tiny thing of no significance. And yet, not for the first time, he felt himself inexplicably drawn to her. Crouching by the side of the bed, he dipped his head, repressing a mystifying tug of his heart, before settling his eyes on her face. So peaceful she looked in sleep, all traces of defiance, determination and pain swept from her delicate features. It's not about me, her words from earlier spun through him . I didn't help you for my sake… Unbidden, his fingertips reached towards her, but they stilled in mid-air. He recalled that look in her eyes when he'd reached for her after the attack, how she'd flinched, her voice laced with hurt - and afterwards she'd told him that she didn't know what to make of him anymore. And now, as he withdrew his hand back to his side, his response fell from his lips in a husky whisper. "I don't know what to make of you, either." With that, he rose to his feet, and silently strode out of the room, leaving her to her dreams. Notes: Ah Kylo, you beautiful, misguided man xD If you lovely readers could spare a moment to leave some constructive feedback, I would appreciate it so very much :) And if not, then that's okay too! Either way, I am very grateful to everyone reading my story! If you want, you can follow me on tumblr (ladylionhartxx)! Chapter 6 : Sunshower Notes: I want to thank everyone who has supported my fanfic. Thank you for the kudos, reviews and comments – and thank you for reading. You might think that leaving feedback isn’t much, but to an aspiring writer it means the world. (Especially when English is not my first language xD). I appreciate it, I really do! And if any of you ever want to just chat about Reylo (or Star Wars, or any of the other ships in this amazing fandom) don’t hesitate to send me a message or follow me on tumblr (ladylionhartxx)! Song: Two sunsets by Ludovico Einaudi (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 6: Sunshower Drive the cloud away, We will fall from last to none. The dark before the dawn, The world will carry on. Look for the light that leads me home. Tired of feeling lost, tired of letting go. Tear the whole world down, tear the whole world down. Tired of wasted breath, tired of nothing left. Tear the whole world down, tear the whole world down. -Failure, Breaking Benjamin Rey awoke to an empty house. She soon found herself in the kitchen, fingertips pressing against the window as she peered outside. Thick clouds were rolling in, filtering somber light through the glass and dousing the vibrant landscape in shades of blue-greys as the wind chased silver ripples through the swaying fields. He was out there somewhere, a stirring gloom at the shores of her mind. She suspected he’d been able to pinpoint her exact location multiple times now; that could be the only explanation how he’d known where she was in Starkiller Base, in the forest with Finn, and then again the day before. She hadn’t consciously tried to search for him to find out if she could do the same. It was too strange, disconcerting even, she thought, being able to sense someone like this. She’d always had a keen awareness of her surroundings – perhaps that too had been due to the Force – but this was different. It was more . As though within the Force she was a desert and he was the wind, constantly stirring her sands. Her sigh fogged against the glass. Was this what it would be like from now on? Whenever she encountered another Force-sensitive being they’d be able to sense each other’s emotions and thoughts like this? Sense each other’s presence? If that was the case, she certainly needed to learn how to guard her mind against unwanted intrusions… But… It hadn’t started like this. When he’d captured her, he’d forced himself into her mind. Only later did she realize that the connection he’d forged hadn’t gone away – that instead it had grown more intense. Perhaps, she rationalised, it was like touching. It could be gentle, or harmful, or even constant - like holding hands. Did that mean they could let go whenever they wanted? A soft, frustrated moan escaped her throat and she gently leaned her forehead against the cool window. She didn’t know what she’d been expecting this morning, but his absence hadn’t exactly been it. Last night, after her temper had simmered down, she’d felt frustrated and out of place, guilty even. His injuries were far worse than hers, and she’d worried about where he would sleep, if he would sleep. All the while she’d tried to tell herself that she shouldn’t care. That he was quite possibly insane. Unpredictable. Beyond frustrating. More dangerous than any other being she’d ever encountered. And yet, the only thing she’d done since waking up was wonder where he was. What am I doing…? He’d made it crystal clear that he didn’t want nor need her worrying over him. Shaking her head, Rey ran a hand through her hair and immediately grimaced when she found it to be utterly tangled. A further glance down at herself revealed just how filthy she was – covered in blood, sweat and dirt. She was no stranger to grime, but even she had her limits. On top of which, her shoulder was aching. She eyed the medical box. Perhaps she should have followed his advice and taken something for the pain, but she didn’t know which of those bottles held the correct medication. And she wasn’t about to admit to him that she couldn’t read. She’d just have to bear it, for now. With a sigh she made her way to the bathroom and sent a contemplative gaze at the shower. It was bizarre to have water so freely available when back home her daily survival depended on having a steady supply. How would it feel to have water rushing all over her body, washing away the grit of the last few days? …Maybe she should try it out? …No. Not when I have no idea where he is, or when he might be back. She settled for using the washbasin to clean as well as she could, and finger-combed her hair before weaving it into a braid. The mirror above the basin revealed that the bruises on her chin were already fading, and the scrape at her temple looked to be healing as well. She only hoped that whatever Force techniques he was using to treat his own injuries was working. When she was done, he still hadn't showed up and she found herself back by the window, waiting. Her heartbeat was steadily rising. What was he doing? Planning? Did he even have a plan beyond getting the map from her? More importantly, what was she going to do when he demanded she give it to him? Rey flexed her fingers, her mind racing. There could only be one reason that he wanted to find Luke Skywalker. And she couldn’t let that happen. Her eyes squeezed shut as her hands curled into fists. A part of her argued that Han Solo’s death wasn’t her fault – that she was grieving for a man she’d hardly known. But yet the sight of him – red lightsaber piercing through his chest – was scorched into her heart. If only she’d tried harder to let Ben come with her when she escaped… Could she have stopped it from happening? Could things have been different? Could she have saved the father from his son, and the son from himself? Swallowing past her quickening grief, her eyes fluttered open. She’d been thrust into a fight that hadn’t been hers - but she still had a choice. She could choose to give up, to turn her back on all this and allow him to eliminate another member of his family. Or she could choose to try – to try to change what she knew was going to happen. To try to change him . Stepping outside, Rey braved the coming storm. The wind cut straight through her, snatching her breath away. For a solid moment she wanted to turn around and go curl up into a blanket – if her clothing was unsuitable the day before, it was doubly more so now – but of course that wouldn’t solve anything. So she hurried towards the TIE fighter, her arms wrapped around her chest. As she came to the silent ship, the wind howling around its wings, she found no sign of him. But… he must have been around at some point, for the feline was no longer there. All that remained was a spray of darkened blood upon the grass. She shivered, and closed her eyes as she focused on Ben, trying to use the Force to determine where he was. There was the slightest tug at the edge of her mind, and she followed it, making her way to the warehouse. Rey hesitated only a moment before slipping inside through the side door. Shutting it behind her, she exhaled a shuddered breath of relief to be out of cold. Then, she looked up, and found him standing at a workbench a few paces away, staring back at her. Their eyes met for a long, uneasy moment. There were dark circles beneath his eyes, stark upon his pale skin, and the very air around him seemed to have grown fragile, like glass that was about to shatter any moment. Without a word he returned to whatever he’d been doing, and Rey was left standing uncertainly on the spot, feeling as though the wind had been taken from her sails. She glanced around the area. They stood in an antechamber to the warehouse proper, amongst abandoned tools and equipment, all covered with a thick layer of dust. The uncomfortable silence made the small area seem even more gloomy and oppressive. “How is your shoulder?” Startled, her gaze snapped back to him. It took her a moment to find her voice. “It’s… fine.” She almost asked him how he was feeling, before thinking better of it. At the moment, she didn’t sense any of his pain, but she couldn’t tell whether that was because he was shutting her out, or because he wasn’t in pain anymore. Something told her it wasn’t the latter. “Did you take medication?” Rey hesitated. She hadn’t expected him to outright ask . “I… yes.” Slowly, he looked back at her, brows dipping into a severe frown as he leveled her with a contemplative stare. She blanched. Was she really that obvious? Or did he just read her mind again? Trying to shove her anxiety aside, she made her way over to him and looked down at the workbench, hoping to divert his attention. “So… What are you doing?” “Gathering tools with which to work on the TIE fighter,” he answered evenly. She nodded. “I saw the damage on the turret-“ “The hyperdrive compartment is of a more immediate concern.” Her brow twisted in surprise. “It got damaged?” He hummed affirmative beneath his breath. Rey shifted uncomfortably, rubbing her hands up and down her arms. She was suddenly reminded of the questions she’d had ever since she first woke up. How did he manage to save her, and get them both out of Starkiller? And why did he take off on his own, without getting backup, or taking her to another First Order base? Pointless, really, to wonder such things, when she knew she wouldn’t receive any straight answers from him. But even so, she couldn’t quite bear the quiet tension anymore. With a hint of hopeful brightness in her voice, she asked, “Do you… need some help?” The moment the words left her mouth she realized that she’d probably asked the wrong thing, for he went as a stiff as a board. Maybe I should have phrased that differently… Yet when he looked down at her, his eyes were more perplexed than anything else. “Your shoulder is injured.” She blinked, thinking of at least a handful of responses she could give to that. The topmost being that he was the very last one to point out injuries, but instead she shrugged. “Well, we desert rats are made of resilient stuff.” A breath huffed through his nose. “Noted.” From his even tone she couldn’t tell if he was mocking her or agreeing. Then, he shut the toolbox, and without warning he took a step closer to her. Eyes widening, she backtracked as he neared, though she only managed to retreat a step or two until she bumped into the workbench behind her, her palms curling around its edge as she leaned away. The corner of his mouth tugged into a darkly amused smirk. He stopped, leaving barely any space between them. Leering closer, he murmured, “Well then, shall I extract the map from that resilient mind of yours, or will you be a good little rat and give it to me?” Her fingers dug deeper into the bench-top, her eyes locked with his as her heartbeat intensified. “What, just like that? You’re just going to ask and expect me to turn it over?” He tilted his head slightly, seeming genuinely puzzled at the question. “What else had you been expecting?” She scowled . “Do you really think I’ll just give it to you without a fight?” A predatory laugh shuddered through his parted lips, revealing a swift flash of teeth. He closed the distance between them and placed a hand on either side of her, caging her against his chest. “Yes,” he murmured. “You will.” Her pulse staggered. “I won’t .” Another smirk tugged at his mouth, though it was sinister this time. More twisted. “You will,” he confirmed, his eyes boring into hers. “For either you give me the map, and I will take you with me when I leave this place. Or you resist , and I will break open your mind and take it from you in the most painful way imaginable, until all that’s left of you is an empty husk.” His lip curled slightly. “And if you think you can beat me again, you’re wrong.” She swallowed hard, trying to speak past the tightness of her throat. “So that, what? You can kill another one of your family?” A bitter laugh fell from his lips as he drew away. “ Family ,” he sneered, as though the very word was something poisonous and vile. “The one thing you so desperately want. The one thing you’ll never have.” Something wrenched inside of her, something molten and cold at the same time. Fierce anger flashed across her face. “I know who I am,” she said fervently, her spine straight and ridged. “I’m not ashamed of my past, or where I came from. You’re the one who turned his back on everything and everyone who had ever cared about you!” Adark and heated fury ignited in his eyes, their depths seeming almost endless against his pale skin. His emotions singed hers, powerful and bright in their very nature. “And what, pray tell,” he said, so quietly, so calmly, it sent shivers racing up her spine. “Would you know about caring , when no one has ever cared about you ?” His words were like claws, reaching into her chest and twisting . And oh, he knew just what would hurt her the most. Her hands curled into fists at her sides, trembling. “You are impossible,” she breathed. “The map , scavenger.” For several long moments they simply stared at one another, locked in a blazing gaze, each trying to measure the other. Her mind reeled – she couldn't give it to him, not just like that, not when it was her only bargaining chip. Not when he could get rid of her the very moment he had it, not when she wasn't ready to let this be the end. She knew he would make good on his threats. That this time he wouldn’t underestimate her; that he would throw everything he had at her. And so, a part of her truly didn’t understand why she was doing this. Why she thought she could change anything when his own words had been that he was fated for darkness– But looking into his eyes, that same undeniable feeling that had caused her to ask him to escape with her, seized her again now. A feeling fed with shards of tiny little hopes – him saving her, his fear for her when the feline attacked them, carrying her inside, tending her shoulder. Do glimpses of humanity unmake a monster? She did not know. But she had to try. “I’ll trade you for it,” she said. Confusion cut sharply across his features. “What?” She inhaled, hoping against hope that she was doing the right thing. “I will trade you for the map.” His lip curled in distaste. “Another negotiation. I thought scavengers simply took what little scraps were left to them.” He was angry, she could feel that, but he was surprised as well. Intrigued perhaps. That was all she needed. “What is it that you want?” he bit out. Rey gathered her courage, determined. “Time.” He blinked. “…Time,” he deadpanned. She gave a single nod. “Not your freedom ?” She shook her head. “I want time until the TIE fighter is fixed.” Many things bloomed across his face, in his eyes. Rage, always burning at the edges, now mingling with vivid disbelief. But something else too. That same look he’d worn when he’d carried her inside, when back in that freezing forest she’d managed to call the lightsaber to her hand. As though everything about her was incomprehensible. No one but him had ever looked at her like that. Finally, he let out a huff through this nose, incredulous. “It should not take more than a day.” “Then I’ll take a day,” she confirmed, even though she wondered how a single day could ever be enough when she didn’t even know what she was planning to do during that time. How was she ever going to change his mind? Convince him to abandon the path he firmly believed was the only one he could ever follow? “And then you’ll give me the map?” he inquired, quirking a brow. Once again, she nodded. “Yes.” He shook his head, scoffing. “I don’t believe you.” “Then look into my damned head and see for yourself that I'm telling the truth! I’m a scavenger , not a swindler.” She thrust out her hand, still keeping his gaze. “When I make a deal, I never break my end of the bargain.” The stare he pinned her with was so severe and intense she was certain he was about to lunge for her. That he would deny her this only hope and try to force his way into her mind right then and there. Her out-held fingers were shaking just the tiniest bit. But then, his gloved hand reached out to shake hers, and she was certain her heart would burst from relief. “Until the TIE fighter is fixed.” A tiny grin quirked onto her lips. “Until the TIE fighter is fixed.” As Kylo Ren stood upon the ladder he’d brought from the warehouse to inspect the TIE fighter, he felt his annoyance grow. The damage was concentrated on the bottom of the ship, right where the maintenance hatch was located. The shot had torn through the lower section of the wing and must have exploded right on the turrets – the one being destroyed completely in the process. It took some time to pry open the half-melted hatch, but he managed. Lack of sleep and the constant pain was a frustrating hindrance, as was the tight reins he needed to keep on his mind, lest she sensed more than she should. But what was truly provoking him was the scavenger herself. She stood upon the grass below, relentless in her mission to work on his nerves: asking a thousand questions and giving one suggestion after the other - as if he’d never seen in the inside of a ship before. He ignored her for the most part. Of course he knew how to inspect one of his own Order’s fighters! But he was uncertain if she was purposely trying to agitate him, or if it was simply a way of distracting herself from the cold. That ridiculous desert garb of hers was certainly not fitting for the current weather, and she kept bouncing on the spot, rubbing her arms and hissing between her teeth. At least her emotions weren't assaulting him as the day before. But she was an exasperating and aggravating little thing nonetheless. Frowning, he focused on studying the cooling system of the hyperdrive, inch by inch, when his gaze settled on the transpacitor, the main part that transferred heat and power away from the hyperdrive to prevent internal damage. Except, where the transpacitor should have been, there was nothing left - either the heat from the blast, or the overexertion of the hyperdrive to get them to this planet had caused the fist-sized, vital part to melt . Somehow, the little rat must have sensed the sudden swell of crackling anger that pressed up in him - for the next moment she scrambled up beside him on the ladder that was barely wide enough for him , let alone for the two of them. But the action completely derailed his fury. He couldn’t recall ever having been approached so… unconcernedly . As though he was nothing to be intimidated by - as though he couldn’t reach out and take her life this very moment! And then, to his deepening consternation, she ducked beneath his arm, all but pressing against him with every inch of her body to peer into the hatch. “What is it?” she asked. “Why are you so-“ In an instant, her eyes discovered the problem. “Oh-“ All he was capable of in that moment, was staring at her with a seething glare. Somehow, he found his voice. “You knew,” he growled, low and menacing. Confusion snapped across her face as she turned her gaze away from the ship to look up at him. A flicker of unease went through him. Her eyes were right there; her face so close he could brush his nose against hers if he but lowered his head a hair's breadth. “What?” she asked, surprised. He shoved his absurd thoughts aside, and resolutely gathered his fury. “You said you wanted time until the TIE fighter is fixed. You must have known this part was broken – that without it, we’re all but stranded here! Is that enough time for you to accomplish your doomed schemes?” She looked somewhere between appalled and confused. “How could I possibly have known?” “Stop playing games with me you foolish girl!” With a single shift of his body he trapped her between his chest and the steps of the ladder, drawing a startled yelp from her lips. “The only reason I agreed to your ridiculous deal was because it shouldn’t have taken any time to fix the fucking ship!” Fury rippled from him, and he knew it cut through her when she winced – but she wasn’t a frightful, cowering mess like anyone who had ever felt the brunt of his anger. She was pushing back, her essence slamming up a wall of sheer determination against which his ocean of anger would break itself. “You said there were other inhabitants on this planet,” she said, seemingly calm except for her pulse jumping in the hollow of her throat. “If there’s a trader, I’m sure we’ll find a transpacitor. All hyperdrives need them, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to get one.” She kept his gaze, and continued, a little more hesitantly this time. “I can try to make one out of other parts too, but I’d rather we try to find one first. I’ve never made one before, and as you well know, we can’t risk a transpacitor that doesn’t work as it should. That the hyperdrive didn’t explode on our way here is all but a miracle-” Just then, a harsh gust of wind suddenly sent them almost careening off the ladder – his arm shot out in the nick of time, grabbing the edge of the maintenance hatch while simultaneously his free arm curved around her waist. A soft squeak of surprise was snatched from her lips and her hands immediately grabbed onto him, curling into his shirt over his chest. When the gust died down and they found their balance, she was curved against him, taut and humming with flickers of complicated emotions. His head had bent forward slightly, his nose buried in her hair, his lips all but pressing against her temple. Several seconds passed. The wind was no longer plucking at them, and yet he still hadn’t let go. Instead, his fingers moved on their own accord, tightening on the small of her back almost possessively. Vaguely, he was aware of the world darkening, doused in storm light, but what did the world matter when she loosened her vice grip on his shirt and gently fanned her hands across his chest? He was all but frozen, shocked into a stunned stillness in which he could feel her heart as he felt his own, beating in a frantic cadence. Move away, you fool , he berated himself, but instead he managed to shift slightly so that he could look down into her eyes. Her lips parted, and all at once he desired to know what she was thinking – by the stars he wanted to pierce into her mind and know – but she wasn’t giving him anything other than what he could see in her eyes– And then, it started to rain. It came down suddenly, fiercely; a downpour that shrunk the world to a curtain of grey. He glanced up in surprise, recalling the sudden storms mentioned in the reports of this place. Then he heard her sharp, astonished inhale, and she was out of his arms and straight into the rain in all but the blink of an eye. “Oh!” she called, leaving the relative shelter of the TIE fighter behind. “It’s raining! It’s raining !” He could barely hear her through the showering gale, but her exhilaration caught him like a wave, stealing his breath away. He sank back against the ladder, his fingers tightening into fists. Frowning, breathless from something other than his pain, he kept her in his sight, watching as she opened her arms like they were wings and turned her face up towards the sky. Her hair slipped free of its braid, undone by the downpour to flow down her back. And as suddenly as the deluge had begun, there was the fading in of light, the breaking of clouds, the sun shining through the rain as each raindrop was transformed into silver embers that shone like diamonds. Her tiny frame formed a halo in the storm, as though the sun had known exactly where she was and had chosen to grace her with its rays. Then, she turned, and upon her lips was a smile that could outshine any sunlight – brilliant and heartrendingly beautiful. “Ben, it’s raining!” she called, needlessly, as though he was completely unaware of the fact. Yet, perhaps he was. For she laughed – laughed . A sound that spun and caught straight beneath his heart. And like a slap to the face, he realized that she should never have seen this side of her – he was never meant to see her like this. Smiling, laughing, carefree. He wasn’t meant to know that smile, a smile he swore he would never be able to forget. He’d never seen anyone so happy. The memories he had of happier times were scraps of faded things, all decades ago now, when he was a boy who knew nothing of the true nature of the world. And now, here she was, and he felt her happiness shining through him. As though the rain was the single most wonderful thing in the world. It lasted all of a handful of minutes, before the storm cleared, leaving the dale covered in a contrasting mosaic of shadow and sunlight. Rey shivered violently. She was drenched, from head to toe, but oh she didn’t care! That was exhilarating ! Wonderful and amazing and- “One would think you’ve never seen rain before,” he remarked, his voice right behind her. She turned, finding him standing a few steps away. She hadn’t even heard him approach. “Well, I haven’t, not like this!” She shrugged, her smile still lingering upon her lips. “Jakku doesn’t get a lot of rain, of course, at least not in the region I lived. I’ve only seen one rainstorm, many years ago. And it hadn’t been anything like this! I didn’t even know the sun could shine through the rain like that!” He gazed out at the landscape, the wind playing through his hair. “Hm. A sunshower.” Then his impassive umber eyes returned to her. "I suppose they could seem fascinating to those who haven't seen them before." Rey tilted her head. "But you don't find them beautiful?" Something in his gaze hardened. "It is simply a rainstorm." "And Jakku is just sand but yet it is beautiful to me, in its own way." He scoffed – he did a lot of that, she noticed, as though everything she had to say was something to be scoffed at – but instead of feeling annoyed, she smiled. "You shouldn't judge everything so harshly. You'll only miss out on the things staring you in the face. Give it a chance to surprise you." A frown twisted sharply across his brow, the mark only enhancing the severity of the expression. Slowly, her smile slipped away. “You’ll catch your death out here,” he said. “Come.” With that, he started to make his way towards the cluster of dwellings, without so much as a backwards glance to see if she was following - simply assuming she’d do as she’d been told. Rey suppressed a frustrated sigh. If it weren’t for the fact that she was cold and wet, she would have stayed there simply for the principle of it. As it was, she followed. She probably shouldn’t have drenched her only clothing, but she couldn’t find it within herself to regret it. But by the time they reached the house, she was rethinking that sentiment. She was shivering so badly her teeth were clattering and trembles were shaking through her whole body. At least she felt a lot cleaner, and the rain had even washed away some of the blood that had stained her garb. Suddenly, he paused in front of the steps leading up to the doorway, causing her to almost bump into him. “Dry off. I’ll be back,” he commanded and marched passed her, leaving her staring after him with a perplexed expression. He headed towards one of the other houses, coaxing open its door with the Force. She scowled. Did he even realize that he didn’t actually have to order her around? That she was capable of thinking for herself? Probably not. Shaking her head, she stepped inside and went straight towards the bathroom. She fetched a towel and wrapped it around her shoulders until the worst of the shivers subsided, then she dried off as best she could and sunk down on one of the kitchen chairs to towel her hair. I never thought I’d be wishing for Jakku’s scorching heat, but by the stars a little warm sunshine would’ve been nice right about now… Her thoughts returned to the moment before the storm had hit. He’d been furious about the transpacitor, and she understood that – they couldn’t leave if it didn’t get fixed – but she couldn’t suppress the tiniest bit of relief that it would give her some more time in which to… Well, she didn’t rightly know. She’d asked for time, but she didn’t have an actual plan . And would he keep to their deal now? There was nothing stopping him from doing what he wanted. For how could she forget those words he’d said to her back in the interrogation chamber? ‘You know I can take whatever I want…’ She shivered. This was all extremely overwhelming, and she had no idea what she was doing. She was entirely out of her depth. How was she going to stop him from doing what he believed was right? She barely knew anything about him at all - she didn’t know him as a person . He would never trust her, and she knew she shouldn’t trust him either. And yet… In the seconds before it had started to rain, with his arm curved around her waist, with his heart thrumming against her palms, all she’d wanted- No . She couldn’t allow him to gain even more control over her than he already had. Once she was mostly dry, it didn’t take long for her to realize she hadn’t eaten anything yet. She found a pot in one of the cupboards and set it on the burner. Once lit, the small flame lent some warmth to her icy hands, and she held her fingers as close as possible until the cold faded away. Then she opened several cans of soup and dumped their contents into the pot. Snatching a large spoon from one of the drawers, she stirred the soup as it began heating up. Rey spared a passing thought for why all of these things – the food, the utilities, the medicine – were just left behind. But she supposed that the First Order probably had more important things on their agenda than no-doubt forgotten houses on inconsequential planets. She had just switched off the burner when he came back inside, shutting the door behind him. Her eyes flew up, but he walked straight past her towards the kitchen table to put down the collection of things he'd been carrying. Quietly, she watched from where she stood, when he suddenly turned to face her. “Here,” he said, holding out something towards her. Her gaze flit down, to see what she thought was a blanket of dark material. Taking it, it fanned out and she realized it was a coat – one made of black cloth, similar to the ones she'd seen some of the First Order personnel wearing. Shocked, she looked back up at him. “That was the only one I could find. Figured it should serve.” Before she could respond, he had already returned to sorting through the other supplies he'd fetched. She blinked, her heart clenching. He'd brought her a coat. Because she'd been cold. She knew she shouldn't read too much into it – no, she shouldn't read anything into it at all. It wasn’t kindness. It was simple practicality. That in itself she could appreciate for what it was worth. But then, when she shrugged it on, and it enveloped her in gentle warmth – had he been carrying it against his chest? – she couldn't stop the grateful 'thank you' from escaping her lips. He only stilled for the briefest of moments, a barely imperceptible nod the only acknowledgment she received. When she went back to ladling the soup into two bowls, her lips curved into an unrestrainable smile and she momentarily buried her cold nose into the lapels of the coat, giddy against all reason. Notes: Thanks for reading! I would greatly appreciate your feedback! :) Chapter 7 : Surrender Notes: How can I ever thank you guys enough for the support I’ve gotten on this story? I don’t think I can. You don’t know how much it means to me. Sincerely, thank you. I really hope you guys like this chapter, it's the longest one yet… Song: Solo by Ludovico Einaudi (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 7: Surrender Stay with me, don't let me go Because there's nothing left at all Stay with me, don't let me go Until the Ashes of Eden fall Ashes of Eden, Breaking Benjamin Once the supplies Kylo Ren had brought from the other houses was packed away, Rey silently handed him a bowl of warm soup. He took it, and for several moments they ate in an amicable quiet that was as strange as it was welcome. Hastily blowing on every spoonful before wolfing it down, she relished in the warmth it returned to her body after the coldness of the rain. She didn't take note of the way he watched her out of the corner of his eye, his expression caught somewhere between distaste and bemusement. “Do you always eat as though you're a starved animal?” Slowly, she lowered the spoon back into her now-empty bowl, glancing up at him with a hard glint in her eye. “This may surprise you, but for most of my life, food hasn't exactly been easy to come by.” “I can't imagine why,” he said dryly. She frowned. “Do you always look down on everyone you meet?” “Yes.” An incredulous huff escaped between her lips. “Not even the cockiest thugs I've come across could compete with your ego complex.” Her self-preserving side knew it wasn’t the best idea to constantly challenge him, but instead of the anger she’d expected, a slow smirk tugged at the corner of his mouth. “Occupational hazard.” Blinking, Rey almost choked on her air. Did he… just… make a joke? Before she could properly react though, his features hardened again. “You said you could make a replacement for the transpacitor.” Drawing a deep, steadying breath through her nose, she gave a tentative nod. “It’s not impossible, but I'll have to see if there's the necessary-” “You'll do it.” His authoritative tone was the type she imagined was used to receiving no arguments in return - but she wasn’t one of his soldiers to be ordered around. “Do I look like a miracle worker?” she snapped. “If we can't find the necessary parts here, then there's no other option than finding a new one. How far is the nearest settlement?” After a moment, he said, “A few hours, if traveling by hovercraft.” “That’s not far at all! Why don’t we just-“ “ No .” “Why not? It’s not as if I can escape-” “Don’t test me, scavenger. The answer is no .” Releasing a frustrated sigh, Rey placed her bowl aside. “I do have a name, you know.” He let out a dark laugh, and her eyes flicked up. “Do you?” he taunted, meeting her gaze with a mocking sneer. “I’d imagined it was simply another thing you took for yourself. After all, why would a scavenger need a name?” Rey stilled, unable to hide the hurt that flashed across her face. How was it possible for the same broken man who had asked her to stay with him the other night, who had said her name like it had been a lifeline … to be so cuttingly cruel? Her name was the only thing she’d ever had. She closed her eyes, uncaring whether he was watching her or whether he could sense every single one of her vulnerable emotions. Jaw tightening, she fought against the sudden desire to just give up - to just accept that there wasn’t something more to him. That whatever part of her had held onto that hope was delusional . It would be so much easier. And far less painful. She rose to her feet - unknowing where she intended to go - but a sharp ache flared through her shoulder. Wincing, she hissed, reaching up to touch the wound. She hadn’t exactly been taking enough care to not put any unnecessary strain on the injury. Slowly, she rolled it out, gently testing its boundaries. “You’re in pain," he said. Now she was the one who wanted to scoff. “Your mindreading abilities are fantastic." “Come here.” She turned to face him, anger twisting in her gut as she watched him move over to the counter and open the medical box. “Just leave me alone,” she hissed. “I can take care of myself.” Pausing, he slowly settled his gaze on her. “If that's the case, then why haven't you taken any medicine?” She stiffened, caught in her lie. “I don't need it.” He narrowed his eyes. “We both know that's not true. So why don't you stop lying and tell me?” A brief groan escaped her throat. “Because I can't read , alright? At least not nearly good enough to understand those complicated labels!” Confusion fleetingly passed across his features, so quick she’d barely caught it. But his usual scowl was quick to slip back in place, and he returned his gaze to the medicine box. “Take off your coat. I want to inspect your stitches.” Rey stared at him for a long moment, pulsing with frustration. Then she sighed, annoyed and hurt and tired. What point was there in resisting? She didn’t have the energy for another argument. Relenting, she removed her coat and shrugged off her neckline. Kylo Ren clenched his teeth as he busied himself with the medical supplies, staring unseeingly down at the healing salve he picked up. She hadn't taken any medicine, because she can't understand the labels. Of everything she could possibly have said, he hadn't expected that. Though he realized now he probably should have – after all, what type of education could she possibly have had? He felt angry, though he wasn’t quite sure why. When he looked back up, she'd gathered her hair and draped it over her right shoulder, exposing her neck to him. A breath snagged in his throat. He all but froze, unable to tear his gaze away from the swoop of her neckline, the slope of her shoulder, the dusting of freckles over honeyed skin. Furiously clamping down on the warmth washing through his chest, he vehemently denied the spark of whatever this absurd feeling was, just as he'd done earlier in the rain. His movements were strained as he quietly checked her stitches and reapplied some of the healing salve. The cut was healing well enough – it shouldn’t hinder her for more than a week at the most. Once he was done, he gestured for her to get dressed and retrieved the pain medication to place it on the counter. “Take two every eight hours. Expect them to make you feel drowsy.” He was closing the lid when she spoke, her voice quiet and demure, so unlike the fire it had held only a minute ago. “Is it like this for everyone?” Turning umber eyes to her, his brow furrowed with confusion. “What?” She was staring down at the bottle of pills, clutching it with slender fingers. Slowly, she met his gaze. “Can all Force users sense each other like this? Each other's thoughts and… feelings? Each other's presence? Is it like this for everyone? Or is it… just… us?” A swell of wildfire panic rippled through him, too swift to contain, and from the flicker in her eyes – from the panic jolted back at him – he knew she'd felt it. But how much had she felt of his confliction, of the sparks she’d ignited within his heart when by all rights there should be nothing but cold darkness? Or had he managed to shut her out of that at least? Staring into those awaiting eyes, he knew shouldn't give her the answer. For it would be a like giving in to the very thing he’d been trying to fight this whole time. And yet he couldn't stop the truth from flowing across his lips. “No,” he answered, knowing the inner words reached her too: It is not like this for everyone. The questions, the uncertainty, the confusion – all of it bloomed in those eyes. Eyes the colour of desert sand, as wide and infinite as the dunes she called home. Her lips parted slightly, her gaze searching his face to find some understanding. But he had none to offer. And instead he concentrated on keeping his features neutrally cold, trying to guard himself against her so that she wouldn't be able to read him more than she already could. Stiffly, he nodded down at the pills. “Drink them. I'll wake you up later.” With that, he headed back outside, all the while feeling her gaze on his back. Kylo Ren wasn’t sure how far he’d walked, but by the time he finally stopped his boots and trousers were soaked from his impulsive venture into the drenched fields. I should not have told her. She hadn’t needed to know that this… bond between them was different. That it was as confusing to him as it was to her. No, more than confusing. Troubling. He hadn’t even wanted to admit it to himself – that it was different – but then she just asked , as if she’d already suspected. He should have let her think that he was in control of it all along, but even as the defiant thought passed through his mind he knew it would have been futile to lie to her. Damn her. His heart wouldn’t stop pounding. All day and all of the previous night, he’d waited. Waited for the slightest stirring in the Force, waited and yearned for his Master’s presence to slither into his mind. But the Force was quiet. Too quiet. The tether between him and Snoke was unlike the link between himself and the girl. While he loathed comparing the two connections, what he held with his Master was not a bond in the same sense. It was a chain, a leash. A tether of an Apprentice to his Master. He could speak if spoken to, could perhaps even give the chain a tug or guard himself from it for some time with considerable effort – but he could not use it to fully reach out. Strange… Until he’d experienced this connection with the scavenger, he’d never truly questioned his link to his Master. The torture he’d endured during its forging was simply one of the many necessary steps he’d taken across the years. And yet, he’d never even imagined that such things could be so– With a soft grunt, he shoved the thoughts aside. All that mattered was that it couldn’t be much longer now. Soon Snoke would reach out and find him, and give him the guidance he needed, the assurance that he was on the right path. But as Kylo Ren stared out across the sunset painting the rain-swept fields into shades of gold and orange, it was not his Master’s guidance that came to him in the solace. It was her words that rose up with the wind. ‘I do have a name you know…’ A hint of bitterness tugged at the corner of his mouth. He did know. How could ever forget? Even now he could clearly recall the moment in which he’d flung her away like a mere obstacle in his path – and the resulting wave of panic that swelled up from that traitorous Stormtrooper. The way his fear for her had manifested in her name he’d called out. So profound the feeling had been that Kylo Ren had wanted to choke on the sentimentality clinging to it. At the time, he’d been completely astounded, wondering how an insignificant scavenger could possibly be so important that a Stormtrooper defied his ingrained training and turned his back on his enemy, to simply kneel by her side and say her name. Now, he thought, maybe… he was beginning to understand. When he woke her up hours later, she was groggy from the aftereffects of the medicine. She moaned softly, shaking her head as she curled tighter into herself, her shins gently pressing against his thigh where he sat beside her on the bed. He shifted slightly, but did not move away entirely. “Wake up, scavenger,” he said, a tad harsher this time. Slowly her eyes fluttered open and she sleepily peered up at him from beneath long lashes. Perhaps it was because she wasn’t fully awake yet, but her eyes seemed peaceful somehow, lacking the fear and the pain that had lingered there ever since they’d first crossed paths. Lacking the guardedness they’d held each time she’d looked at him. His jaw clenched, and he held out a cup towards her. She blinked, slowly, before sluggishly sitting up. Drawing her knees against her chest she raked a hand through her tousled hair. It had mostly dried by now, but the rain had left it somewhat frizzy, giving her a disheveled, almost-vulnerable appearance. It did something strange to his heartbeat. “What is it?” she asked, eyeing the steaming cup. “Tea.” Hazel hues flicked up to his. “You made me tea.” “I need you coherent if you’re going to attempt to be of use in repairing the ship – this will help wake you up.” His voice held an indifferent tone, but for some reason it didn’t quite sweep away the wide-eyed look on her face, nor did it diminish the feeling emanating from her. Appreciation, mingled with shock. The same feeling that had pulsed from her in that moment he’d handed her the coat. But whether it was because he was the giver, or because she couldn’t comprehend anyone giving her something – that he did not know. At least she finally reached out and took the tea, and he found himself watching how her slender fingers wrapped around it. She brought it to her nose, inhaling the steam. “Oh, it smells good…” Taking a long, seemingly appreciative sip, her gaze drifted back to him across the rim of the cup. “Where's yours?” Suppressing a flicker of bewilderment, he wondered why she would ask. This wasn’t a token of some sort. He was merely being practical , giving her something that would chase away the lethargy. “I've already had two cups while you were sleeping,” he answered simply. A smile slowly quirked at the corner of her mouth, a twinkle of mirth lighting up her eyes. Against his will, he was puzzled. “What?” he asked gruffly. She gave a small shrug of her delicate shoulders. “I just find it amusing that the leader of the First Order likes to drink tea.” Well. He was hardly the leader . But he supposed that wasn’t the point of her statement. And before he quite knew it, he replied dryly, “Don't let it get out. I have a reputation to uphold.” Both her smile and her eyes widened. “–And he likes to crack dry jokes too.” Something ghosted across his lips – not a smile, surely – as he rose to his feet. “When you're done, come to the warehouse. I’ve found some possibly suitable parts for the transpacitor.” They worked late into the night, the tension between them increasing as Rey got nowhere with creating a new transpacitor. There simply wasn’t enough suitable replacement parts to build a custom one – and aside from that, she’d never made one before, and was working purely from memory. She could feel his frustration like static crackling through the air. It continually jolted against her emotions, both of them getting more and more agitated as their feelings played off the other’s. While she begrudgingly understood that he was finding it extremely challenging in deferring to her – a girl who he saw as nothing more than a worthless scavenger – she couldn’t get anything done with the way he argued with her on every point and tried to deny that she knew what she talking about. Even when it was clear that her knowledge surpassed his, in this matter at least. Finally, she’d had enough. She flung down the part she’d been working with and stormed off through the door, slamming it so harshly behind her that it sprang back open with a loud clang. In the blink of an eye she was outside, but he followed her just as quickly. “Where do you think you’re going?” he called after her. Where the hell does it look like? she thought at him, and for good measure, verbally added: “Away from you!” With his long strides he quickly caught up to her. She knew he was going to try to grab her wrist, and spun to face him the moment before he could. “Just - stop ! You’re impossible!” He glared down at her, his seething anger flickering against her, but she shook her head. “I don’t care how angry you are! And I know you think I’m just a stupid, worthless scavenger – but believe it or not, I am trying to help. Neither one of us wants to be stuck here with the other, but unless we’re going to attempt to work together, I don’t see how either of us are ever going to be able to leave!” Her chest heaved with the fiery emotions spinning through her. “You might think I’m going to attempt to escape – but I won’t. You would find me long before I could ever get away! So either we head to a settlement and find a replacement part, or we can go for another round of irritating the shit out of each other! Take your pick, but either way, I’m going inside before I freeze.” Even in her haze of anger, she noticed the stunned disbelief seeping into his expression – as though he couldn’t comprehend anyone speaking to him in such a way. But she was too worked up and too tired to care. Just when she thought that she was making the tiniest sliver of progress, he went right back to being a temperamental jackass. Granted, she knew he was in pain, and that he hadn’t slept in who knows how long– But she shouldn’t have expected anything else. He was a volatile and destructive man, and she was the one playing with fire. When she stepped into the house, shivering both from the cold and her fury, she was surprised to find that he was only a few paces behind her. She paused. His tall frame filled the doorway. In the darkness of the kitchen, the silence quickly became heavy and oppressive. As she was about to turn away from him once more, he succeeded in catching her arm this time. “Why?” he breathed. She slowly shook her head, frowning. “Why, what ?” “As far as I can sense, your wish to help is earnest, but I don’t understand it. Why are you not fighting me at every turn?” He was searching her face, and she felt him inquisitively brush against her mind, but she gave a resentful huff and tried to wrench her wrist back. “Because you threatened me, remember?” But his fingers only curled tighter and with a firm tug, he drew her closer to him. “Do not patronize me! You could have left me to die on those stairs, but you did not . You could have killed me back in that forest, but you did not-“ “Let me go!” she demanded, but he only pulled her closer, and with a gentleness that shocked her into stillness, he caught her face between his hands, forcing her to look up at him. “Tell me why you keep trying to turn me from my path, when I’m nothing more than the very creature you called me to be.” The huskily spoken words pierced straight through her core. She swallowed, hard, staring into his frighteningly-defenseless eyes. Her gaze softened, grew anguished. “The same reason why you could have taken the map from me this morning – why you can take it from me right now… but you don’t . The same reason you agreed to my deal. You want to be turned from your path. I felt it when I first looked into your mind… I can feel it right now.” The stark vulnerability etched upon his features slowly iced over, his fingers slipping away from her face as he withdrew. And Rey could only watch with deepening torment as the gentleness in his umber eyes was eclipsed by malice. “When I find Luke Skywalker, I will end him as I had should have all those years ago,” he said, every word laced with intent. “You cannot stop me, scavenger. No one can stop me.” Throat constricted, Rey nodded, a sad smile on her lips. “You’re right, Ben. I can’t stop you… Only you can do that.” Turning away, she headed through the kitchen towards the hallway. “You can sleep in the bedroom. I’ll take the office.” Without another word, she disappeared into the tiny room and shut the door behind her. Hours later, Kylo Ren lay on his back, staring up at the bedroom ceiling. It was quiet, even the wind had died down, and his breathing seemed overly loud and laboured in the small room. His ribcage felt like fire, embers stirring through his chest with every breath. The dark side’s techniques of channeling strong emotions into healing was not a simple or forgiving process – nor one that could be put to constant use. For one, such power was only efficient when the emotions of the wielder were burning as white-hot as a blazing flame - not fading into exhaustion. And for another, if not applied with care and skill, one could begin to draw from the very life-force itself. Thus where the pain had been bearable, even useful, it now returned to its full onslaught as he let the channeling go. For the time being, at least. He was at the end of his rope. Having barely had a few hours of sleep in the last two days, he was faltering. And his ragged mind was haunted by words that scraped and gnawed and would not let him go, despite the fatigue dragging at every inch of his being. He forcibly shut his eyes. ‘You want to be turned from your path.’ Deep, shuddering inhale. ‘I felt it when I first looked into your mind… I can feel it right now.’ Agonized, sharp exhale. ‘You’re right, Ben… I can’t stop you… Only you can do that…’ Once more, his eyes flew open. ‘Ben…’ How was he meant to sleep, to reach for a sense of calm, when everything about her threatened to make him come undone? This… thing between them needed to be put to an end. She saw too much. Sensed too much. Felt too much. And he in turn was drawn to her in ways he knew was not rational or wise. It made him feel things he shouldn’t be capable of feeling anymore. It was already making him weak . He needed to strengthen his resolve. If he was ever going to show the galaxy the true power of the dark side, if he was ever going to prove to Snoke where his loyalties lay, then he could no longer be influenced by her brightness. But until he knew how to sever the bond, he would have to settle for teaching her how to properly set up a mental guard. Perhaps then he could at least focus only on his own mind, and not hers as well. Even at this very moment, he was aware of her luminous presence – like a shaft of light in the corner of one’s eye, always drawing one’s gaze. This whole time he’d been aware of her as though there wasn’t a wall separating them. She couldn’t sleep either, the gnawing cold seeping into her bones where she was curled up on the carpet of the office. When she’d retreated, she’d left only with her coat, and of course she would not fetch a blanket, as they were all in the bedroom, with him. A ghost of her shiver crept down his spine. As if he needed another hindrance withholding him from slumber. He clenched his jaw, rubbed his hand across his face and released a frustrated huff. Forget about her. Sleep. And yet, the more he fought against it, the more he opened himself to her essence. Damn this bond to all hell. Before he quite knew what he was thinking, he sent the words as one would throw a knife – sharp and cutting: Would you just come here? And felt her shock as though he’d touched a livewire. …What? Why? Your ceaseless shivering is an unbearable nuisance. A flare of indignation - he could practically see it twisting across her features. You really are insufferable. I am not the one keeping us awake. Something like a scoff permeated her words, Aren’t you? You can blame me all you like, but I know your pain has worsened again. I can feel it with my every breath. A frown creased his brow. He’d thought he was yet making a decent effort of blocking her out from his pain, but he must have let his guard slip. Yet another reason it would be prudent to teach her the proper techniques. This connection was an infuriating weight on his mind, one entirely too receptive to every thought and sensation. I thought it was of no inconvenience to you , he said, unable restrain himself from mocking her words from the day before. Pitiful maybe. He didn’t quite understand why he felt the need to lash out at her with every opportunity. Typically he was above such things, his mere presence enough to keep anyone in line. It is when you’re being a bastard. He snorted. That’s the most flattering of any name he’d been called before. Scavenger. Come. Here. Just leave me alone. Either you come here, or I’m coming to get you. Decide. A few minutes slipped by in which he was certain she wouldn’t budge. He was about to rise and make good on his threat– When the bedroom door creaked open. Unbidden, his heart gave a sudden, staggering leap, leaving him briefly stunned in place. He spared a moment to berate himself over his infuriating reaction. What had possessed him to tell her to come here? Clearly he hadn’t thought this through. He should just give her a blanket and be done with it– And yet … seeing her standing there, shuddering from the cold… Silently, he shifted over to the other side of the bed to make room for her. A second slipped by. She didn’t move, waiting like a little rat in the darkness. He suppressed a sigh. “Lie. Down.” “This is ridiculous,” she murmured, but she did step inside, closing the door behind her with a soft click. And then lingered for another moment or two, her wary indecisiveness grating against his every nerve. He was contemplating marching right over and swooping her into his arms – relishing in the furious expression that would no-doubt contort across her features – when she released a short sigh. She approached, and as with her every nearing step his heart pounded harder against his ribs, he was truly coming to regret this madness. Reaching the bed, she hesitantly sat down on its edge, all the while eyeing him as though he was planning something despicable. “If I recall,” he murmured, hard-pressed to contain his unrest, “ You’re the one who would bite. Not I.” She released another sigh. “I… just-“ Perhaps to cover his unreasonable and insensible panic, he gave a cutting remark. “Do not mistake my practicality for caring , scavenger. Lie down, or go and freeze.” The words had the desired effect, giving him back a sense of control– But the surge of her fury took him by surprise. She was back on her feet – he felt her defiance that she would indeed rather freeze than stay another moment in his presence – but before he even knew it, he caught her wrist. Everything stopped, condensed to the heat throbbing through his blood, to her pulse flickering against his thumb. Unmoving, he stared fixedly up at her shocked face as though he wasn’t suddenly jerked back into a sense of vulnerability. As though his actions did not belie the very words he had just spoken. In a heartbeat, he took in the way her chest rose and fell, how his own breathing was suddenly outrageously fast and much too deep. Seconds dragged by and neither one of them moved, as he was held prisoner by his own betrayal to his sensible self. So many words suddenly caught in his throat, so many ridiculous things he couldn’t possibly, truly , want to say. What did it matter what she thought, if she was hurt by his words, by his hands? What did it any of it matter when she’d admitted to wanting to take him away from this path, when it was all he could ever hope to be– She glanced away, set her jaw. A soft breath huffed through her nose. A surrender. For a heart-stopping, mystifying second, he wondered if she did not perhaps understand him better than he did himself – but then the feeling passed when she slid beneath the covers, settling into the space he’d been lying minutes ago. Slowly, he too eased back down and released her hand. The bed was by no means large, yet allowed for enough space to lay side by side, without strictly having to touch. Her heart was beating like the fluttering of a bird’s wings, so fast and pronounced he could feel it like his own, a second heartbeat hammering away at his ribs. And she was still shivering. “You really are pathetic,” he mumbled, though any venom the words may have had was obliterated as he turned on his side and reached his arm across her waist to pull her close. She squeaked, torn between scrambling away and – concern for his ribs? “It’s fine,” he snapped, perhaps harsher than necessary. Slowly, stiffly, she settled beside him. After a few moments, she turned on her side and snuggled into his chest, the crest of her head resting gently beneath his chin. If she noted his racing heart beneath her fingertips, she didn’t say a word. As Kylo Ren was finally lulled to sleep by the warmth of a tiny scavenger at his side, he fell right back into that dream. The dream with sunlight and blossoming trees, with that almost-familiar melody drifting through the perfumed air. Just as before, he felt drawn to it, the hummed tune luring him through the orchard. He wandered forward, low-hanging branches snagging on his form to scatter delicate, pink blossoms across his shoulders and in his dark hair. It led him towards a crumbling wall. Beyond its mossy stones, there was another tree, larger than the rest, a swing hanging from one of its thick branches. The melody was closer now. And all at once, it stopped. “Ben?” The answer sprang to the tip of his tongue, as though it was the most natural thing in the world. Then– Kylo Ren. The world of sunlight shattered . His breath was wrenched from his lips as he fell hard to his knees, agony shooting through his injured side. Before he even looked up he already knew what he would see. He could feel it, slicing through every vibrating bone in his body. Darkness; impenetrable, choking darkness– But it wasn’t true darkness – it wasn’t the absence of light. It was nothingness . And in the center of this place, where the blossoming tree had been only moments before, stood the gloomed shroud of Snoke. This was no dream. Supreme Leader, the telepathic words left his reeling mind before he could properly think what he would say. He tried to call upon that feeling that he’d longed for – the craving for his Master’s guidance, the feeling of rightness, of victory, of praise, of being told he was on the right path. Snoke didn’t move, and yet the air had grown thicker. He couldn’t breathe, held by an invisible choke-hold. It took me a perplexingly long time to reach you, Apprentice. Words that were an avalanche in their own right, spoken like a whisper but thundering through every inch of his being. Your Force signature was weak, all but faltering. And disappointment that clouded the air, clouded his lungs, choking him even further– You had fulfilled your mission of killing Han Solo. You had escaped the fall of Starkiller. And yet you did not return. Desperately, he tried to inhale, only to panic even further when he realized he could not – at the same time, some part of his brain knew he had to choose his words with careful precision. That he found himself balancing upon the very edge of a knife. No, Master. I had been gravely injured. The location to which I fled was one of necessity. But it would yet serve as a stepping stone to the fulfillment of your plans. There was a pause, the slightest easing of the hold upon his throat. The girl? She is in my possession. She will lead me to Luke Skywalker and the last Jedi shall meet his end at my hands, just as Han Solo did. The choke-hold eased away, and Kylo Ren drew in a reflexive deep breath – but the next moment he was hoisted up and pinned in the inky darkness, his Master’s silver eyes boring straight through his soul. If you fail me, Kylo Ren, there will be nowhere in the galaxy you will ever be safe from my wrath. And just as suddenly as he had assaulted his mind, Snoke withdrew. There was the sensation of falling, falling down through infinite nothingness– Suddenly, Kylo Ren woke up. His entire being lit up in dread. For a terrifying second he was pinned to the bed as he’d been pinned within his Master’s hold - wild, fearful eyes stared unseeingly up at the ceiling, his panting breaths too loud in the quiet. Then, he moved. Vaguely, he was aware of her , stirring at his side, but he moved as though he was being chased by his demons – perhaps he was – and fled from the room. Rey woke up with a pounding heart and his fear in her throat. Panic – his, she was certain it was his , but yet it became hers – warped through her, chasing away sleep and leaving her staring wide-eyed at the breathless man beside her. “Ben? Ben, what’s wrong?” Within a single breath, he flew out of bed and stormed from the room. “Ben!” she called, truly afraid now. What could possibly have upset him so? She was certain no mere nightmare could have caused the maelstrom of emotions that radiated from him. She hurried after him, without thought to draw on her boots, and when she stepped outside through the kitchen doorway, she froze in her steps. He stood at the bottom of the stairs, barefoot in the grass, his entire being quaking. He couldn’t breathe – she couldn’t breathe – she was pinned, locked in the eye of the storm of his emotions. His shoulders were ridged, hands tensed into fists, rapid exhales fogging into the cold. With her breath suspended and her heart throbbing, Rey made her way down the steps. There was no thought guiding her, only the need to calm him. Pausing on the last step, features twisting in anguish, she slowly reached out- He twisted away. “Don’t,” he growled, low and deep and pained . That’s what made her still. The pain in his voice, the pain twisting like a knife through her ribs. She couldn’t tear her gaze away from him as he left into the twilight dawn. Rey couldn’t still her thrumming heartbeat. He’d been gone only for a few minutes and she’d remained on the stairs, gripping the railing as though she intended to snap it in two. What the hell was going on? One minute, she’d still been sleeping peacefully, the next, she was yanked straight from her dreams and into his unyielding terror. And with every second that slipped by his tumultuous emotions only intensified, building and building– Until, suddenly, it burst from him like a raging flood. In an instant she was moving, drawn to his cyclonic spirit. She was only a few paces away from the warehouse, when his furious scream cut through the air, and straight through her chest. Rising panic grabbing at her throat, she ran, entering through the side door to see the antechamber turned into a scene of chaos. Equipment and furniture and tools, even the parts they’d been working on, it all lay scattered across the floor as though it had been hit by a force of nature – Gaze flickered up, to see him whirl back and slam his fists into the wall with a monstrous roar. His blinding rage made her feel sick, dizzy , but somehow she found her way to his side. There was blood on his gloveless hands, frighteningly bright against his pale skin, streaming down across his knuckles. “Ben, stop!” she called, bracing against his anger like one would brace against the wind. It filled the small room, suffocating in its intensity, but she tried to hold firm, tried to push back– “Please, stop!” she pleaded, hands reaching towards him. In the blink of an eye, he rounded on her – a flash of wild, burning eyes – caught her wrist in his bloody hand, and snarled . The moment fractured into splinters – she felt him gather the Force, felt her helplessness as it hit her like a wave, felt the breath knocked from her lungs as it sent her soaring through the air. A scream tore from her lips, stilling the instant she crashed into the wrecked remains of the workbench. Every bone in her body jarred from the impact. The world spun. Her ears rang. Something warm and wet trailed across her cheek. A breathlessness assaulted her, pain in her ribs. His? Hers? Somehow she pressed up onto her elbows, attempting to sit up as she dazedly watched him near. “Get up! Get up and fight me!” The demand snapped through her like a compulsion, urging her body to rise and do his bidding. She fought it, shaking her head as she rose to her feet, desperately trying to clear the ringing in her ears. “I’m not going to fight you.” Her voice sounded far off, detached. But as she’d regained her balance, he called something into his hand – and she barely had a moment to register he intended to use it as a weapon, before he surged towards her. She spun to the side, dread sinking through her stomach as he swung the bar of iron like a sword, barely missing her. “Ben, stop!” she called again. “Just… calm-“ Her words were met with a fierce growl. He was unreachable, like an animal backed into a corner that was prepared to fight for its life. She forgot how to breathe, aware only of him and shards of his frenzied emotions piercing through her. Rage, hatred, terror… confliction… denial? Heart racing with adrenaline, she scrambled for a plan, for anything that could turn this situation around, yet within seconds she was the one backed into a corner. As he lunged for her again, instinct took over. Her hands reached up, the Force sweeping up through her arms – She caught the iron in both hands, and pressed back with all her might. A scream rang from her lips, a ferocious roar from his – they were moving; she was pushing and he was the one giving way– And suddenly, she had him pinned, his back against the wall, the iron pressing across his chest. A feral grin broke across his lips. “It feels good doesn’t it? The power. Being in control. You wonder at it, don’t you? Wonder what it would feel like to have it all at your fingertips. But I can show you. I can show you what you’re capable of.” Realization snapped through her eyes. Cringing, she instantly let go, slowly backtracking away from him. “No! I don’t care about power-“ “Don’t lie to yourself!" He followed her, his weapon clasped in hand. “You long to feel it thrum through your veins! Have longed for it all your life!” She shook her head. “You don’t know anything about me or my life!” “Don’t fling your words at me,” he roared, and rose the iron for another blow. “Use the Force !” And she did, but not in the way he’d intended. Frantically, her essence reached out to his. A renewed wave of his anger spilled into her, her heart racing ferociously with the fury - but she clenched her teeth, arms extending as her hands tensed in front of her. With everything she had, with every part of her strength, she sent a returning wave. Not of fury or hate, but of peace , of calm . Panting, sweat dripping down her brow, all she thought of was the sands of home, of waking up to a golden sunrise, of a night of endless stars, of the melody she’d sing to herself when she couldn’t sleep, of everything that had ever brought her the peace she’d needed to keep going – His fury wavered, buckling beneath the strength of her thoughts– And, finally… Flying . She thought of flying . He froze. Her breathing stopped. The iron tumbled from his grasp, clattering upon the floor. The tension, the fury, the hatred clouding the very air around them – it all fell away. And suddenly he was sinking to his knees, and she was reaching forward, catching him in her arms as they both dissolved to the floor. Hearts pounded, chests heaved, minds reeled for clarity. Fierce tremors shook through him, creeping their way into her to shudder through her being. His raven head came to rest against her collarbone, her arms embracing him. Closing her eyes, she bowed her head, softly resting her cheek upon his hair. She didn’t know for how long they remained like that. It seemed like time had come to a standstill. The storm of their emotions, of their clashing spirits, slowly faded away, and Rey found she didn’t care to think of anything aside from his very real and very warm body leaning into hers, of her fingers gently brushing through his hair. Morning sunlight was filtering through the single, grimy window when he finally stirred. She withdrew slightly, allowing them both to straighten a little. Their eyes met. There was something tender in those magnetizing hues as he simply gazed at her for a long moment. It made her aware of the lilt of her heartbeat, of his warmth that yet lingered against her, of her desire to have him pull her closer… But his eyes flickered away from hers. With hesitant fingers, he reached out towards her face. She watched the minute changes in his expression as he stroked his thumb across her cheek; the tenderness that wavered into misery. There was the slightest sting against her skin, and out of the corner of her eye she saw a streak of blood spilling across the pad of his thumb as he withdrew his touch. “My hands will forever be stained by blood…” he murmured, voice husky and strained. “I am a monster. ” No… I was wrong... Rey reached out, laying her hand across the back of his. Gently, she guided his palm to rest across the side of her face. “You are not a monster…” she whispered intently, hoping he could feel the truth she laced within her words. But he only shook his head. “Why do you keep trying? Ever since Starkiller, you’ve been trying… It is too late for me. I’ve already sacrificed any hope there ever was of changing my fate.” Anguish washed across his features, melancholy tugging at his lips. “Don’t you see, little bird?” he whispered, eyes returning to hers. “There is nothing left to save.” Her heart clenched, on the verge of breaking. She shook her head, tightened her hold on his bloodied hand, and promised , “There is everything left to save.” Notes: Thank you so much for reading! Feedback is golden :) Chapter 8 : Fireworks Notes: Thank you, thank you, thank you so much for your support of my story… It means so, so much to me! This chapter is slightly lighter than usual. It’s so much fun to explore their growing relationship. I hope you will enjoy it too! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 8: Fireworks I'm not strong enough to stay away. Can't run from you I just run back to you. Like a moth I'm drawn in to your flame, Say my name, but it's not the same. You look in my eyes, I'm stripped of my pride. And my soul surrenders, and you bring my heart to its knees Not Strong Enough, Apocalyptica “You should go back to sleep,” Rey said, her eyes flickering up from where she was busy tying the bandage around his hand, only to see that he was still staring off into nothingness. They were in the kitchen, standing by the cupboards. He was leaning back against them as she reached for his other hand, and cleaned the blood that had dried by now. He hadn’t said a word since they’d returned from the warehouse - he’d barely even looked at her, let alone argued when she’d begun tending to his bloodied, raw knuckles. “And take some painkillers.” When even this brooked no response, Rey fought down the concern twisting through her. She didn’t know what had driven him to such a blinding rage that morning, and she wasn’t about to outright ask, but in its wake his strength had completely deserted him. He was numb . For the first time since they’d been linked, there was no emotions rising from him. Not the constant anger or fury that had always been blazing at his edges. Nor contempt or regret, or even sorrow. Just… Nothing. It was unsettling her more than she cared to admit. Making sure the last bandage was securely tied, she gently let go of his hand. She took two painkillers from the bottle he’d shown her the day before, and placed them on the counter before filling a glass with water and leaving it beside the pills. Then she stepped in front of him, straight into his line of sight. “Ben,” she said firmly. He blinked, focusing his impassive eyes on her. “You need rest . Take the medicine and go to bed.” She half expected him to argue, to make a cutting remark or tell her off. In truth she almost longed for such a reaction, if it would serve to relight the fire in his eyes. But he simply stared at her for a very long moment, before he finally took the water and the medicine and headed towards the bedroom. Her concerned gaze trailed after him, until through the bedroom doorway she could see him sitting down on the edge of the bed. He took the pills, and laid down. She stood alone in the kitchen, trying to quiet her racing heart. All she really wanted to do was march right over there and hug him. She wanted to ask him what had really happened, what had made him so frightened and upset, and tell him that everything would be alright... She wanted feel his heart beating against hers as she held him, in the hope of bringing him a measure of strength. Such foolish thoughts. None of that mattered. With a harsh sigh, Rey shook out another single pill from the bottle. He’d told her to take two every eight hours, but there was work to be done, and she couldn’t afford to fall asleep as she did the day before. As she stepped outside and headed back towards the warehouse, she could only hope that he would get some rest. He desperately needed it. The day slipped by as Rey tried to save what was left of the half-finished transpacitor. Having been caught in the crossfire of his rage, it had been all but ruined. There was very little she could salvage, and after hours of futile attempts, she finally gave up and turned to other things. She kept busy. After discovering a hovercraft stored in the warehouse, she spent most of the afternoon inspecting it and giving it a tune-up. She figured they might need it soon enough if they were going to find a new transpacitor on this desolate planet. She also collected a few things she thought they could use to trade when the time came, and stowed it within the hovercraft. But despite her constantly moving hands, there was plenty of time to think. To worry . Was she even doing the right thing by trying to redeem him? She supposed that any sane person would tell her to take the hovercraft and flee to the settlement he’d mentioned. She could get away, find a way to get to the Resistance. To Finn. And yet, the heart-breaking moment of that morning lay like an anvil on her chest. The sheer vulnerability in his anguished eyes… the solemn confession that he believed himself to be a monster, unworthy of anything other than the road of darkness and despair he felt compelled to walk… She couldn’t abandon him now. That very admission proved there truly was still some goodness left in him. A last ray of light that still persisted to shine through the darkness. And she believed in that light. She believed in the man beneath the mask of the monster. The one still capable of kindness. It was late afternoon when she headed back towards the house, intending to check on him and make something to eat. There were storm clouds brewing on the horizon again, and the wind carried the scent of rain. It brought a brief smile to her face as she headed inside. As she entered the kitchen, shutting the door behind her, the bathroom door creaked open and he stepped out into the hallway. She froze. In an instant, her eyes swept over him. He was shirtless, with fresh bandages tied around his chest and a towel slung around his neck. His raven-black hair was sleek and wet, water drops clinging to the dark strands and to the pale skin of his shoulders and arms. Scrubbing the towel across his head, he left his hair wild and messy and damp. Warmth rushed through her belly as her heart gave a dizzying lurch. At that very moment, he glanced up. Their eyes met, sending a shooting star of heat spiralling through her entire being. Her cheeks flamed bright red, she was certain of it – she could feel the heat rising across her skin. And somehow, despite her stupor, she knew that he wasn’t just staring back at her – he was watching. Like a hawk watching its prey, he was watching as she struggled to tear her gaze away from the sight of him. Lowering the towel, a fringe of his wild hair fell across his eye. And ever so slowly, the corners of his mouth curved into a calculated, wolfish smirk. Oh, stars. Her pulse soared as he prowled closer. She couldn’t move, not even when he came to stand right in front of her and slowly began to lean in. A hint of his scent – something clean, fresh and somehow metallic – spun her heartbeat into a frenzy. His eyes glinted mischievously, as he leaned closer, and closer– And reached past her, to grab a glass off the shelf. He withdrew, allowing her only the briefest glance at the teasing tilt of his mouth. A wave of dread and embarrassment swept through her. “You-“ “You really are unnerved so very easily,” he taunted, turning away from her to fill his glass with water. “I - I am not unnerved -“ “The colour of your cheeks say otherwise.” She blanched, restraining the urge to press her fingers against her glowing cheeks. “You- you should still be sleeping!” “I required a shower,” he said simply, casually resting his hip against the cupboard and causing her gaze to fleetingly drink in the contours of toned stomach muscles. “Perhaps you do as well. To… cool off.” Rey wasn’t sure if she should be offended, embarrassed or angry. She’d spent the entire day worrying over him, and now, here he was, swaggering around and mocking her! A mixture of all three emotions contorted across her features in a way that seemed to cause him a vexing amount of amusement. “That is not funny,” she bit out. “I disagree.” Letting out a low growl of frustration she marched straight towards the bathroom and slammed the door behind her, leaving Kylo Ren to smirk into his glass of water. Despite her fury at his innuendo , she couldn’t deny that she did indeed require some cleaning up. Not the least because of the oil and dust staining her hands from her work in the warehouse. After a moment or two, she quickly figured out how the shower worked and discovering there was both hot and cold water was quite a surprise – a pleasant one. Soon she was relishing the feeling of the steaming water rushing down her body. There were bathing supplies stationed neatly on a corner rack. Flicking open the tallest bottle, she recognized it as the same scent she’d caught when he’d leaned in so close. Another flare of warmth cascaded through her at the memory and she almost flung the bottle aside out of frustration. Insufferable man , she thought, spitefully hoping he’d heard the words in that arrogant head of his. In her flustered haze she hadn’t even thought to ask if he’d gotten any sleep or if he felt any better. But then again, she supposed that finding enjoyment in her embarrassment was a good sign. Against her will, a tiny smile bloomed across her lips. Even his teasing arrogance was better than the complete lack of feeling he’d displayed that morning. She took her time in the shower, scrubbing from head to toe, thoroughly appreciating every moment. The water was soothing and relaxing, chasing away her troubles for the time being. When she finally stepped out, her body was glowing from the heat, steam rising in swirls from her skin. It felt a little strange to get dressed back into the same clothes, but there weren’t any other options, and she was simply grateful to feel clean again. Letting her hair remain loose to dry, she stepped out of the bathroom. He was standing at the small stove, his back towards her. At least he was wearing a shirt now, she noted with the slightest pursing of her lips. But her thoughts were quickly turned away from her earlier moment of humiliation, for the smell rising from whatever he was cooking made her stomach rumble in appreciation. Somewhat tentatively, she walked over to his side and peeked into the pot. It was filled with boiling water, but beneath the bubbles she spotted something yellowish. “What are you making?” she asked, curiously eyeing his work. “Pasta.” She blinked. “Pasta?” On the counter there was an empty container that she’d seen it in the cupboard before. She hadn’t known what it was, let alone how to prepare it - but evidently he did. He glanced down at her, humming beneath his breath. “From that response I gather you’ve never had it before.” “I don’t think so,” she said, shaking her head. He returned his attention back to the pot, and added a sprinkling of salt. “I didn’t realize you could cook,” she remarked. “I know the basics of food preparation. It’s a valuable skill,” he answered simply, and picked up the pot to drain the water. Once he was done Rey watched with large eyes as he scooped the stringy yellow stuff into two bowls. While he was busy with another small pot that had been simmering on stove, she grabbed one of the strings between her fingertips and lifted it up, perplexed and amazed at its spindly form. She was jiggling it ever so slightly when he lightly rapped his fingers on her hand. Admonished, she quickly let go of the string and her eyes flicked up in time to see a quirk at the corner of his mouth as he firmly said, “Surely I don’t have to tell you not to play with your food?” “But I’ve never seen anything like it!” She scrunched up her nose when he lightly elbowed her aside to add whatever he’d been warming up in the other pot. “You’re like a child,” he murmured. “Amazed at every little thing.” She blinked, wondering if that was supposed to be an insult. Before she could decide, he pressed one of the bowls into her hands, and her eyes once again grew wide with wonder as she saw the finished product of the meal he’d prepared. At the crest of the golden heap of pasta was a large dollop of red sauce. She didn’t think she’d ever seen anything so delicious. “Eat. You’ll need your strength,” he instructed, moving past her to sit down at the table with his own bowl of pasta. Blinking out of her trance, Rey also sat down and peered curiously at him. “My strength? For… what exactly?” “You’ll see.” She gave a melodramatic sigh, and absently tried to mimic the way he was twirling the strings onto his fork. “And here I was afraid you were going to start opening up to me and everything.” He slanted her with a dark look, though she could swear there was a hint of amusement in his eyes. “Your wit is not as sharp as you’d like to think.” “And you’re not as scary as you’d like to think,” she shot back, finally managing to get several of the strings attached to her fork, even though it didn’t look nearly as neat as his. She took the bite, and immediately her eyes lit up. “But you really can cook… This is amazing,” she mumbled around her mouthful. “You are too easily pleased,” he said gruffly - but after a moment, thoughtfully added, “I can only imagine the spectacle you’d make at Carnival Week. Probably gawking at every little thing…” She finished chewing this time before speaking, deciding to ignore the fact that he’d referred to her as a spectacle . “Carnival Week?” “A week-long festival on Coruscant,” he explained between leisurely bites. “It is one of the biggest events in the Galaxy, with all manner of creatures and people visiting the planet for the festivities. A sea of endless open-air markets… races between the very best pilots, parades that last throughout the night, more food than anyone can eat, fireworks that paint the sky in every colour imaginable… It is quite magnificent.” A look of wonder had settled upon Rey’s features. Everything he described sounded like something out of a dream. She could scarcely imagine it. The closest thing she’d ever come to a festival was that one time when Unkar Plutt had decided to have a junk sale that lasted over three days. And the most exciting thing that happened there had been a brawl that broke out between two rival scavenger gangs. Perhaps he was not so far off with the spectacle thing after all. “I probably would do more staring than everyone else combined,” she conceded wistfully. “But what are fireworks though?” From the slight widening of his eyes, she could only assume that he was shocked that she did not know. But from the lack of an answer and the prolonged silence that followed, she supposed that she shouldn’t have presumed they were having an actual conversation for once. She tried not to let her disappointment show, and focused on the delicious food. When they’d finished eating, he stood up and took both their empty bowls over to the sink before he came back and scooted his chair closer to hers. Gaze widening, Rey wondered what he was up to when he sat down and turned his body to face hers. “Close your eyes,” he instructed. She frowned, leaning slightly away. “What? Why?” “Because I’m telling you to.” For several moments, she returned his unwavering gaze with a hard look of irritation. Finally, she sighed. “Ugh, fine .” Rey closed her eyes. After a moment, she heard him shift slightly closer. And then– This… is fireworks , he whispered into her mind. The next moment, she was looking at a scene she could at first not comprehend: for it was filled with thousands and thousands of people, and buildings taller than mountains. Everywhere she looked there were vivid colours and crowds of dancers, strings of lights and flags that swayed in the wind. And as she watched, absolutely enraptured, a bright trail of light suddenly shot up into the starry sky. It exploded into a whirl of gold and crimson. Following on its tail, more lights bolted into the night to burst across the sky, each more magnificent that the next. Cascades of radiant colours – some she had never even seen before – adorned the heavens, casting their lingering hues over everyone present. Silver, and green, and blue and orange and purple – each sending her heart racing with delight and awe. “Oh,” she breathed, fingertips hovering over her parted lips. It was too beautiful for words. When the scene receded from her mind, she turned her mesmerized eyes to his. He was watching her with an expression she could not define – but hers were open and amazed. “You… sent me a memory…” He gave a single, minute nod. “That was…” slowly, her lips curved into a radiant smile. “That was the most beautiful thing I’d ever seen! They were like stars – flowering, exploding stars!” Before she could stop herself, she’d reached out to grab his hand where it rested on his thigh. “ Thank you for showing me. I… I will treasure that memory forever.” The way he looked at her in that moment did something strange to her heart. His permanent scowl had softened into something simultaneously lighter but also sadder – like it pained him to have shared this with her. Only she knew that couldn’t be true, for there had been no reason at all to have given her such a gift in the first place. Even now her mind was still reeling with colours – with the very fact that he’d thought to show her something so beautiful, so incredible, when he knew she might never have a chance to see it for herself… How could she ever express the feelings whirling through her chest? Her smile was fading when after a long moment he moved to rise, her fingers drifting back down to her lap. Pausing to stare out the window, he clasped his hands behind his back. Neither of them spoke for a long while. And when Rey could no longer bare the silence, she let out a soft sigh. Sensing it was perhaps better to stray from the topic of memories, she informed him that she’d tried to finish the transpacitor that morning. “…Unfortunately… it wasn’t in any shape to be salvaged.” Something like a bitter smile tugged at his mouth. “Ah.” “But I did try.” “I’m sure you did.” Her frown deepened, taking his impassive tone for sarcasm. “I did .” Turning to face her, he met her gaze with a frown of his own. “I believe you.” She blinked, surprised. “Oh… “ Clearing her throat, she continued, “I also worked on the hovercraft. Fixed it up a little. I figured we’d be needing it. And after that I gathered some things we could possibly trade for the transpacitor.” Annoyance suddenly edged onto his features. “Why would we need to trade anything?” “…How else are we to get a new one? You don’t have any credits with you, do you?” He snorted. “I am neither trading nor paying for a transpacitor on an all but deserted planet.” “…So then, what?” she asked slowly. “We’re going to steal it?” Another short, derisive laugh. “You persuaded the Stormtrooper who guarded you to let you escape from your cell, but you can’t figure out that we will be doing the same thing in getting the traders to hand over the needed supplies?” “But… that’s not the same thing at all! You can’t just… use the Force to rob someone!” “Why not?” he asked with a perfectly serious expression upon his face. She faltered for words. “Because it’s wrong !” “And have you lived your whole life on the path of righteousness, scavenger?” he snapped, fists tightening at his sides. “Not everything in this galaxy is good and fair, and more than likely the trader scavenged whatever parts he might have.” The return of his name for her made her flinch ever so slightly, as did the fact that she knew first hand that not everything was good and fair. She knew that all too well. “Even if that is true…” she said quietly. “It is still a life. Perhaps not a noble one. Or a glorious one. But it is a life .” She wasn’t sure whether she was still talking about the trader – not when the subject hit so close to home. After a moment, he let out a disdainful huff. “No matter. I have not yet decided whether we will be going or not.” Shaking her head, she frowned up at him. “I don’t understand. What other option do we have? …Why are you so opposed to this?” Turning his face away, he became motionless, aside from his fingers flexing at his sides. He seemed to be wrestling with something, as though he didn’t quite know whether to tell her or not. She watched as he clenched and unclenched his jaw. She remained quiet, sensing that any interruption from her might just make him more agitated. Finally, he did speak. “My previous visit to this planet had been due to an… incident with the local peoples. The men I’d stationed here had defied my direct orders to leave the locals be. They’d needlessly attacked this very settlement you intend to visit, to take supplies they did not require. Many were killed, a handful of my men as well. I came and inspected the situation myself, and pulled the division out.” Tightly clasping his hands behind his back once more, he returned to gazing out the window. “If we head to the village, there is a chance I might be recognized, mask or no. And in my current state I would rather not deal with averting hundreds of curious eyes or quelling a panicked crowd.” Rey stared, taking in this revelation as the realization dawned upon her. “That’s why this place was just abandoned,” she murmured. He gave a curt nod. “Aside from the freak blizzards that could rise up on barely a moment’s notice, yes. The men were relocated to an entirely remote area on the other side of the planet, which gave far less trouble in the long run.” Even though she supposed it was wiser to say nothing at all, she could not help but voice her thoughts. “That was a good thing you did.” His eyes snapped to hers. “It was a strategic decision-” “You could have left your men here,” she insisted. “You could have ignored what had happened!” “I would never ignore my orders being defied,” he hissed, pinning her with intense eyes. “I made an example of those who did, and chose the best course of action from there. I do not relish in mindless slaughter, but neither were my decisions made out of a bleeding heart.” But no matter how he tried to justify his decision as having been practical and strategic, it did not diminish the sliver of hope she’d found in his words. A little while later, rain softly hushing against the windows, Rey was shrugging her coat back on while he washed his hands. He’d checked on her injury, as it had started to ache once more, the single painkiller she’d taken that morning having worn off. She was expecting him to admonish her for not taking the correct amount of medicine – she was quite certain he knew – but instead, he took her off guard by saying something completely unexpected. “You never did explain why you are apprehensive of needles,” he muttered quietly, gaze settled on the medicines he was now packing away. Rey blinked, stunned that he would ask anything remotely personal of her – that he would even care to hear about her reasons over such a matter. She couldn’t find her voice for several moments, and he finally looked up to meet her startled expression. “You do not wish to tell me,” he said. “Understandable.” Turning his eyes away from her, he firmly clipped shut the medical box. “That’s not it,” she said quickly, “I just… hadn’t expected you to ask… Or care.” He let out a little huff of breath. “That is… understandable as well.” She quirked a tiny smile. “Well… that , and I guess I’m not used to anyone asking me things about my life. After all, the only friends I have I met only recently. One’s a droid, and well, Finn and I never really got a chance to get to know each other very well…” Something hard and cold ghosted across his expression. “Ah, your faithful Stormtrooper.” She frowned. That was the second time he’d referred to Finn as her Stormtrooper. “He isn’t my -“ “He came to rescue you did he not?” he retorted, a harsh, almost-mocking tone creeping into his voice. “Fought so bravely to defend you.” The stony glint in his eyes left her with a growing unease. Thinking of Finn hurt , because she still had no idea whether he’d even survived Starkiller, and it was all because of the man standing in front of her. The man she was desperately trying to understand, even when she did not know if she’d forgiven him for the things he’d done. The glimpse she’d had of Finn’s broken body was a sight that yet haunted her. And this… pain , this horrible concern over a friend – it was exactly these feelings that had made her vow to never try to make friends again. Which was the very answer to the question he’d asked. “I do not like needles, because my first experience with them was an endless night of excruciating pain and watching my only friend in the world die before my eyes,” she said, her voice impassive and cold. “I watched her while my side was being stitched together. I watched as the blood gushed from her wounds, and watched as the life faded from her eyes. Even now I carry the scar of that night.” She roughly yanked her undershirt upwards to expose a jagged scar that rippled across the dip beneath her lower ribs. For a brief few seconds, a hint of shock passed across his features, his dark hues lightly flickering over the scar before looking back up to her. “What happened?” he asked quietly. Tugging her shirt back down, Rey grimaced, the memories of that night quickly rushing back and making her feel sick. “We’d gone on a scavenging mission with a group of thugs we should never have trusted,” she answered, a hint of venom marring her tone. “When the loot turned out be far more valuable than any of us had realized, a fight broke out. Coreo and I were on the edge of a broken ship. In the chaos of the battle, we both toppled over the edge… It wasn’t a very long way down… but her wounds had been far worse than mine… The fall stole any chance she may have had. By the time help came, she was already fading.” Rey was surprised to find her eyes blurry with tears. Angrily, she swiped them away. It had been many years since she’d thought of the Abednedo she’d befriended on Jakku. “We’d started out as allies… Scavengers are naturally a distrusting lot. But over time we kept sticking together, and she became… the first real friend I ever…” For several long moments, she stood shuddering, eyes closed as a single tear escaped from her wet lashes. Absently her arms folded around herself, as she tried to reign the hurt back in. So many years, and yet she still carried the horror of that night inside of her. Maybe she shouldn’t have told him… Any moment now he was probably going to tell her that she was weak and foolish. And yet, he did not. “I… should not have asked,” he murmured instead, so quietly she’d barely heard him. Her eyes flicked up. He wasn’t looking at her, but… could she feel the tiniest flickering of sympathy coming from him? Sympathy and… understanding? Swallowing hard, she slowly shook her head. “That’s okay. I … I’ve never told anyone about that night…” Needless to say, the reason was because there had been no one to tell. “… After she died, I never tried to make friends or allies again. I kept strictly to myself. In a way, she was the first and last friend I’d had for most of my life. That was, until Finn…” The change that came over him was slow, but profound. His entire being seemed to go ridged, as the very air around him began to quiver with a mess of complex emotions. The only one she could make out before it all washed away into rage, was a pang of regret. He tried to fight down the rising fury that was burning through him. But his anger had always gotten the better of him. “You saw me murder my own father… One of your so-called only friends may have died by my hands…” he said, in a tone that was low and husky and deep. “…And yet you would tell me that I am worth saving.” With blazing eyes, he pinned her beneath a glare that would send lesser beings running for the hills. “If your Stormtrooper could see you now, I wonder what he would think of you.” She took a step back, anguish flashing over her face. Anguish, and confusion at the sudden change in him. “That is not fair.” The naked hurt in her eyes was enough to let his rage become blinding. How could she not see? If that cursed Stormtrooper was dead , then- Tormented with feelings he did not understand nor want, he roughly caught her wrist. “It is this connection between us that clouds your judgement, as it is clouding mine! Have you not realized it yet?! That the only reason you see any goodness in me, is because of the goodness in you! You see it reflected in me through this damned bond!” Suddenly, an earth-shaking boom resounded through the house. In a single, flickering moment, every light went out, plunging them into darkness. Rey gave a loud screech, the sound lost to the roaring thunder overhead, and all but jumped into his arms. Within a heartbeat the rain came down in a flood, pouring in icy sleets that filled the entire house with the noise of the downpour. Her fingers clutched onto his shirt over his chest as her other hand curled around his upper arm. Barely a second later, another deafening roll of thunder broke through the air, quaking through the very walls and setting objects around them rattling. A startled scream was drawn from her lips and a wave of her fear pierced into him. With fingers curling into fists, he concentrated on the slight pain rippling through the wounds over his knuckles, trying to distract himself from the desire of wrapping her in an embrace. He lowered his head slightly, bringing his mouth close to her ear. “It’s only thunder.” Beneath the din of the rain, his voice sounded like a whisper. His heart was pounding against his ribs, though he wasn’t sure why. An aftereffect of his flare of anger, or a side-effect of her sharp, prickling terror perhaps… Or maybe because she was so close he could feel her entire body shaking. As she turned her face to look up at him, a flash of lightning lit the room in blinding silver, revealing her eyes to be large and fearful. But she was clinging to him . Even after he had once again pointed out her complete foolishness in thinking he was anything other than a monster. Even though the most dangerous thing in the vicinity was not the thunder that frightened her so, but the very man in whose arms she stood. “I thought you liked rainstorms,” he found himself murmuring. The raging storm had a strange hushing effect, making it seem like they were the only two in all the world. It allowed him to notice details he hadn’t only moments ago. Like the sound of her feathered breath, or the enticing scent of her hair, or the way the warmth of her hand was seeping into his arm. “Rainstorms… yes… thunder? Definitely not .” She was loosening her hold on him, when the loudest clap of thunder yet seemed to split the very sky apart. He felt her yelp of fright more than heard it, as she completely huddled against him this time, and he could no longer restrain himself from curving his arms around her. “Alright… alright…” he whispered against her hair, unknowing if she could hear him or not. “It’s alright…” His thoughts rushed back to the story she’d just told him. It made him sick just thinking about it, visualising her and her friend being betrayed by a group that couldn’t stick to their word. Was this why she told that she would never break her end of a bargain - because she knew what it had cost her when someone broke their promise? And following on the heels of her revelation, the realization had come like a blow to the ribs: that he may have murdered that thrice-damned traitor she called a friend . Had he truly stooped so low? That he was regretting dealing with a traitor to the Order, when it had been nothing less than the man deserved? Had he not told her earlier that he never ignored when his orders were defied – that he would punish any who dared? The roar of the storm slowly died down to a low whooshing against the walls. Only then did he loosen his hold on her, remembering what he’d planned earlier. “Come,” he said, taking her hand and leading her towards the bedroom. “A distraction is in order.” Before she could so much as ask what was happening he motioned for her to sit down on the bed. “What sort of distraction?” she asked sceptically and remained standing. “I’d told you earlier that you would need your strength. I will be teaching you some basic Force techniques. Your natural abilities show potential, but you have much to learn.” He sat down on the edge of the bed and once again gestured for her to do the same. She did, though her frown did not disappear. She shifted uncomfortably. “You’ve told me before that you could show me the ways of the Force... But… why would you want to teach me anything?” “Do you not wish to learn?” he asked, raising his eyebrows at her. She seemed taken aback. “I – I don’t know…You’re the only Force user I’ve met. How do I know if I can trust what you teach me?” To his own surprise, he had to fight the unexpected grin that tugged at his lips. “Are you worried that you would fall to the dark side so easily? What I intend to teach you is merely how to employ a basic mental guard. It draws neither from the light or the dark - a relatively simple technique. It does require practice to be effective, however.” She remained quiet for a little while, her fingers fidgeting in her lap as she clearly wrestled with the decision. He waited patiently, holding the suspicion that her inquisitive nature was not about to refuse being taught something new. “Alright, you can teach me.” She nodded. “In exchange for a question.” He should have known. “Do you ever stop negotiating?” She shrugged. “Occupational hazard.” He blinked at having his own words of the day before being echoed back at him. Giving a snort to hide the tiniest flickering of mirth, he nodded. “Very well, then. Ask your question.” “I want to know more about our bond,” she said quickly, as though he might have changed his mind already. Arching a brow, he tilted his head at her. “That is not a question.” This drew a sigh of frustration from her. “Fine then. Why do we have this bond?” For some time, he weighed his answers, though he finally gave her the most earnest one he had. “I do not know.” Clearly not having expected that answer, she exclaimed in bewilderment, “How can you not know?” “Natural occurring connections between Force users are not unheard of,” he answered evenly. “Especially amongst close family members, such as between parents and their children, or between twins. Typically, any connections between Masters and their Apprentices must be forged - and then it is not devised as a constant thing. It is similar to using a communicator when needed. And any type of bond takes time to grow and be effective.” He paused, fingers once again slowly tensing into fists, the sharp stabs of pain serving as a distraction from the vulnerability he faced. “Ours… however… How it came to be, or why , as you asked… That remains a mystery to me. I’ve never heard of such deep bonds before.” And then, he sharply added, “It is not what I would deem an advantage.” He noticed her fidgeting had stopped as she quietly looked into his eyes. “But it can be.” A severe scowl cut across his features. “And how is that? Do you not at this very moment feel the ache of my ribs as your own? Just as I feel the sting of your shoulder. What do you think would happen when either one of us are mortally wounded?” Taking a deep breath, he clenched his jaw, and spoke insistently. “This is why it is imperative to teach you how to use an effective mental guard.” For several moments, she did not say anything, did not seem to react at all aside from the slightest softening of her gaze. His breathing fell heavily in the space between them. “It’s not true you know,” she said quietly. A frown quickly twisted across his features. “ What is not true?” “You said I see my own goodness reflected back in you. It’s not true. You speak as though this bond makes me blind, as though it makes me see things that aren’t there. But I didn’t forget the things you’ve done… I simply believe you’re worthy of saving in spite of them.” His chest tightened with a hindrance of emotions. How can she speak so calmly, so assuredly, as though what she said was indisputable? “That foolish belief will only lead you to your end .” A sad sort of smile spread across her lips. “Then that is the end I choose.” He stared at her, long and stunned, his heart pounding loudly in his chest as though she had just been the one to threaten him , and not the other way around. “Teach me,” she said then. And so her first lesson began. It was a few hours later, nearing midnight. Rey was settled on the bed in a cross-legged position, next to him where he was resting his head back against the headboard. Her fingertips were rubbing slow, firm circles against her temples in an effort to ease the exertion of the mental exercise. Within an hour or two, she’d grasped the basic idea of the barrier, but actually putting it into place and then holding it there was challenging. Using the Force to accomplish a constant effect that had no direct anchor within the world around them was proving to be a demanding test. And he was not a gentle teacher. Each time she managed to raise the barrier around her mind – or at least, around certain aspects of her mind – he would relentlessly push and prod against it until he tore it down. At least the compelling exercise had indeed managed to distract her from the occasional burst of thunder that roared through the night. “ Again ,” he ordered. With a deep breath she did as he asked, her eyes squeezed shut. Her strength was slowly ebbing away into exhaustion and frustration. As it crackled into place, she instantly felt his assault as he searched for weak spots. To her dismay, her barrier had been as fragile as glass and within moments he broke it down again, sending a sharp pain shattering through her head. She drew a hissing breath between bared teeth, grasping her head with both hands. “Ow,” she murmured, white hazy spots swimming before her eyes. “…Perhaps that is enough practice for one day.” His voice was so close. When had he moved closer? Rey blinked, still holding her head as she tried to regain her vision. “You think?” she asked detachedly. Breathing deep, she became aware of a solid warmth leaning into her – or was she the one leaning into it? “Sleep. You’re exhausted," he said. Her reply was a muffled moan of agreement, as she snuggled deeper into the warmth, and promptly fell asleep. Kylo Ren was gazing down at the scavenger. She was still sitting somewhat upright, leaning into him with her head resting on his shoulder, fast asleep. That last attempt on his part had probably been a little unnecessary. Her resulting headache had cut sharply through his own head, as well as the scar across his face. But he could not deny the strange sensation of satisfaction thrumming through him at that very moment. Not for the first time, her power left him completely overwhelmed – and to be able to be the one to teach her… Even in this short few hours, she had shown tremendous promise. She would be a phenomenal student. He allowed himself a glimpse of what it could be like to truly become her teacher. He could show her everything it had taken him decades to learn; he could share with her the secrets of the Force, he could show her how her power could shape the world. She could be a formidable pupil, someone against who he could sharpen his own skills, someone who could challenge him as much as he challenged her. And yet… That morning… In the wake of her denial of any wish for her power, she had filled his mind with such pure feelings of peace that it had even drawn upon a handful of his own peaceful memories, memories he’d thought he’d buried with the name Ben Solo. The most distinct of all, perhaps, being the times he’d spent in the Millennium Falcon with… his father. And though this feat once again showed that her abilities were above anything he had ever encountered, it was not that in itself which had amazed him most. What had completely staggered him, was that it had worked . That her peace had been strong enough to obliterate his rage . That her peace had overcome his terror . To think that the reminiscent flashbacks and emotions she had sent him – of nights she’d slept beneath the sky, of watching sunrises across golden dunes, of the beauty she had somehow found in her solitary existence – had swept away the terrifying aftereffects of his Master’s visit like mist before the sun. He hadn’t known such a thing was possible. A soft sigh huffed through his nose. Was his desire to be her teacher then simply an extension of jealously? That by enacting some control over her powers, he would not feel threatened by her? That by making her a Knight, her powers would at least in some sense belong to him? He almost wanted to laugh at the absurdity of it all. How deeply had he been lying to himself? The dark side of the Force compelled him to seize her power for his own, certainly… And yet, the fascination with her power was not a suitable explanation for enjoying how she felt curled up against him. How it brought him both a sense of vulnerability and heart-wrenching wonder to be trusted so implicitly. As the thunder had struck, she did not jump away from the man who had threatened her – she had come towards him. At this very moment she was sleeping next to him, without a care in the world, without a thought that he would hurt her. Even after he’d given her every single reason to be mad with terror in his mere presence. No one had ever trusted him in this way. And maybe… just maybe… he liked how it felt. Notes: Thank you for reading, and please consider leaving some feedback :) Chapter 9 : Dreaming Notes: I am so sorry for how long this took. I was really very busy, and I also rewrote this chapter about a hundred times. It was so tricky to get right! That, and I also wanted to make some progress on the next chapter too, so that you guys won't have to wait too long for it. I really hope you like this one… I don't even know how this chapter got so long. I just couldn't shut them up :) Also, another HUGE thank you to every single one of you reading and supporting my story. Guys. You. Are. Amazing. Your feedback makes me ridiculously happy, so thank you :) Just to clarify, this story does not necessarily follow canon exactly . I play around with things every now and then. So it is provided as is. Song: Love is a mystery by Ludovico Einaudi (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 9: Dreaming Wind, let me lose my mind, She must come back sooner or later. Let me suffer alone. Let me forget first. Nuvole Bianche, Ludovico Einaudi The storm raged throughout the entire next day. Sleets of ice poured down in endless waves, turning the view through the windows into a wall of icy-grey. Going outside was out of the question, which meant they were cooped up within the small house, with no way of avoiding each other. During the first few hours of the morning, Rey was certain the tension would quickly become unbearable – but then he made the suggestion of continuing with the Force exercises. And before she knew it, hours slipped by in a not-entirely-unpleasant blur. The strength of her barrier kept improving, though she was still struggling in holding it up for extended periods of time, especially since he was purposely throwing everything he had at her. When they took a break, he suggested that she should try keeping it in place while focusing on other things - which was far easier said than done. She burned her fingers at the stove when warming up the pasta and simultaneously concentrating on the barrier. It was only a mild burn, but yet he took her hand and treated it with the same care he had her shoulder. Almost as if he'd felt responsible for it. Nightfall came swift and sudden, along with a renewed thunderstorm and a steep drop in temperature. Where they sat in the bedroom, sipping warm cups of tea to keep the cold away, their breath shuddered into foggy clouds. Rey had a blanket wrapped around her, and her fingers clutched the cup for dear life, leeching every bit of warmth from it that she possibly could. Well, that , and wishing the tiny bit of warmth would distract her from thinking of their sleeping arrangements… For two nights in a row, she'd slept beside him – once because he'd told her to, and the other because she'd passed out from exhaustion. Since waking up that morning, she'd refused to think of it, hoping against hope that she would forget just how comforting it had been to open her eyes and find his arms wrapped around her, her hands curled against his chest, their legs entwined… For as long as she could remember, she'd always been alone, and until that first night when they came here, she'd never slept beside anyone before. Back on Jakku, there had been nights when her stark loneliness had choked her every breath, slivering and burning beneath her skin like a fever. Nights when sleep had refuse to come, in which her lonely soul had prayed for daybreak, just so that she could return to the sun and her scavenging. But having someone at her side… someone who was warm and real and who wrapped her in his arms when she snuggled closer… It was like dreaming. And it was the tiniest bit addictive. Of course she knew it couldn't last… wouldn't last… Just then, he startled her out of her thoughts. "Get some rest," he said, rising from his chair. "You… did well today." She blinked, staring bewilderedly after him as he began to stride out of the room. "Wait!" she exclaimed hastily - impulsively . In the doorway, he came to a halt, turning to look down at her. With a soft intake of breath, her voice chose that moment to abandon her. And all she could manage was to gaze up into those somber, russet-brown eyes. When her lips opened and closed multiple times, he snapped impatiently, "What is it?" She swallowed, wondering what had possessed her. Dropping her gaze away, her fingers tightened around her cold, empty cup… "Are you… are you coming back soon?" If she'd been looking up at him in that moment, she would have witnessed shock quickly followed by a mixture of apprehension and disbelief. As it was, it was the slightest flickering of all these emotions that drew her eyes to his once more, to catch a glimpse of his agonized gaze before he turned his face away. "Sleep," he said, and left. Rey woke up to an empty space beside her. Caught in a breathless moment between waking and sleeping, her chest ached with things she somehow knew she should not be feeling. A desire for warmth; a yearning to be wanted , to feel safe , for once not by her own strength, but in the circle of another's arms… Fingers curling into fists, she willfully gathered these treacherous wishes close to her heart and locked them tight, hoping to hide them even from herself. But in the fleeting heartbeat before wakefulness, it was impossible to deny the truth. That every single one of those feelings was for him. All , for him. She dragged herself out of bed and took a blazing-hot shower, chasing away both the cold and the last dregs of sleep from her mind. Afterwards, she felt more focused, and realized that the storm had passed, leaving only a scattering of clouds in its wake. A gentle roll of her shoulder indicated that the wound wasn't bothering her nearly as much anymore. Apparently the inactivity of the day before had done it some good. Then, the very moment she started to wonder where he was, he spoke in her mind – absently making her wonder if he'd been lurking around, just waiting for her to think of him. Once you are done, come find me. We shall continue your training . Rey paused in the kitchen, brows furrowing. Continue her training? Why did it sound as though he had more in mind than letting her practice the barrier? Training of what exactly? And where are you? She had the faint impression of him clicking his tongue at her. Certainly you are able to figure that out by yourself. Somewhat affronted, Rey scoffed and shrugged on her coat, before setting off outside. Once she came to the bottom of the steps, she paused, gazing around the area. When there was no clear sign of him, she sighed and closed her eyes, focusing. It was faint, but she was certain she felt his presence more strongly towards the left. She began walking, passing through the other houses until she came to the fields on the other side. Here she hesitated, remembering what had happened the last time she went off on her own. A laugh, low and breathless, stirred through her mind. I am the only monster stalking the fields today, little bird . Pursing her lips, a sharp spark of anger mingled with exasperation spun through her. Him calling himself a monster once again – and so casually at that – was enough to make her grit her teeth in annoyance. …It should not matter to you what I call myself. The words were phrased as a statement and yet she caught its puzzled edge. Now it was her turn to laugh. Haven't you noticed, Ben? It's mattered to me from day one. A flare of resentment. You stubbornly continue to use that name. Letting out a deep breath, she tried to determine his exact location. He was quite a way off, it seemed. Somewhere over that ridge? Tell you what , she thought as she ventured into the field, You call me by my name, and I might call you by yours. She made her way through the swaying stalks, wrapping her arms around her chest to conserve her warmth. Despite the cold it felt good to be outside again; the air was fresh and she inhaled deeply, catching the fragrance of dew and grass. Coming to the ridge, she followed the rocky slope and made her way to the top. She looked up to see him seated against an outcropping, out of the worst of the breeze. One of his legs was stretched out long in front of him, the other was pulled up against his chest, his forearm casually resting upon his knee. He was wearing his robes and his cloak, the hood throwing a soft shadow across his pale face. "You are entirely too open to read," he said as she neared. "The barrier gives me a headache," she deflected with an offhanded shrug, thrusting aside the fleeting reminder of her brief and ridiculous desires when she'd woken up. Hopefully he wasn't referring to reading those thoughts. "That is not what I meant." Her brows creased at the sharpness in his tone. "You have no intention of ever calling me by my chosen name. My true name." A note of accusation prickled through his words, a sneer tugging at the corner of his mouth. "I thought you were not a swindler." Surprised and a little confused, she blinked, shifting uncomfortably upon the spot. He was right. There had been no truth behind her statement of calling him Kylo Ren – but she hadn't thought he'd take it so seriously either. In hindsight, that was probably a foolish assumption to make. Lowering herself down upon the ground beside him, she folded her legs to the side and stared out across the expanse of fields and far-off hills. "The day I call you by your chosen name… will be the day I give up on you, Ben Solo." With bitter ferocity, his lip curled. "I wonder. Would that be the same day you find out your Stormtrooper is dead because of me?" Her widened eyes, stunned and flashing with hurt, flicked towards his, finding that he was staring back with a sharp intensity that bordered on a challenge, as though daring her to say yes . "Finn is not dead…" she said firmly, emphasising each word as her fingers tightened into fists. "I will see him again. I believe that." She did believe it – she had to. But he only laughed, hostile and breathless. He leaned his head back against the rock, most of his face obscured by the rim of his hood and his wild, raven hair. Ignoring the ache throbbing through her chest, she shook her head and sighed. Would they ever get through a single conversation without an argument? Without him lashing out whenever something cut too close to the bone? For a long while, it seemed he was content to remain in tense silence and Rey let her gaze drift over the green plains below them. It was almost peaceful. With just a little bit of imagination she could fool herself into thinking they were simply two companions, sitting side by side in the sun. She hadn't had a companion or an ally or a friend in such a long time… What would it be like to have someone at her back? Having someone always looking out for her, and she for them? I'm being ridiculous, she thought with a pang of dejection. "How… are you feeling?" she asked then. "Did you get any sleep?" But of course he would not take kindly to her inquiry. "I do not understand you," he scathingly replied. "We are not friends , scavenger. Have I not told you that your concern is both unneeded and unwanted?" "Oh, you are unbelievable !" she exclaimed, resisting the urge to fling her hands into the air. Was there a more frustrating man in the entire galaxy? "You show concern over me – you even insisted on mending this ." She lifted her hand to indicate the burn of the day before. "But when I show the same towards you, it's completely ridiculous! No, we might not be friends – but we sure as hell aren't enemies either! And whatever you may believe, I do care about you–" She blanched, flinching when she realised what she'd just said. Out loud . Of course her concern and her actions thus far have implied a certain level of care, but admitting it so openly? From the starkness of his expression, she must have caught him off guard as well. Turning her face away she closed her eyes and released a sigh. She may as well continue, seeing as she was already in the thick of it. "Do not tell me I am foolish. I already know all the reasons why I should not care. But it doesn't change the way I feel." With her heart pounding in her chest, she thought of everything that happened and changed between them in the last few days. "You might not have believed when I told you that you are still worth saving. You might not understand why I keep trying. You can tell me that this will lead to my end. But I will keep trying." She did not even understand all of it herself. But she wasn't one to give up; not ever . After a long, quiet moment he murmured, "You will only be disappointed." It was solemnly spoken – vastly different from all of his other previous retorts. This wasn't a threat, it was simply a statement, like he truly believed it… He slowly looked up towards the sky. "After all, a bird cannot change its feathers." The ache beneath her ribs flared, causing her fingers to lock into fists, lest she reach out towards him. Stars . When had she started to care so deeply? So deeply that his pain was unbearable to witness; that all she longed to do was take it into herself, and fill him with light? Rey tilted her head. "I thought I was the bird." A tense heartbeat. Then… Was that a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth? She couldn't be sure, for he quickly tilted his head away. "Very well, then. A leopard cannot change its spots." The beginnings of a smile was slowly spreading across her lips. " Actually , there's this type of feline on Jakku that changes its colours-" The faintest gleam of amusement rose from him. "I don't suppose anyone has ever told you that you are exceedingly annoying?" " Exceedingly ? No." She was really smiling now, a swell of playful energy replacing the ache and making her reach for it with both hands. "Just plain old annoying? – Sure, plenty of times. Especially when I was still much younger and could never stop asking questions, or rambling on about things, everyone always used to tell me to stay quiet. I rarely listened though. How else was I supposed to learn?" She shrugged. "Sometimes they answered, and when they didn't, I figured it out for myself." Leaning back he tilted his head to thoughtfully peer down at her, huffing slightly through his nose. "I can sympathise with their pain." "Hey!" she laughed, giving him a gentle shove to his arm. "Don't pretend that you don't enjoy my questions – you like explaining things to me!" An amused grunt. "Whatever gave you that idea?" "You answered all my questions about the Force yesterday–" "There was nothing else to occupy myself with." "–And you showed me how to make tea." "A useful skill for you to have, seeing as you'll be making it from now on." "Hmm… Oh!" She snapped her fingers, "You agreed to my suggestion of trading a question for teaching me about the barrier." "That was simply to convince you to agree to it. I knew you wouldn't be able to resist." "And yet you knew that I was going to ask about our bond." For a moment, his lips parted, before he shut them quickly once more. The gesture made her give a brief snort of laughter. "Speechless, Mister Solo?" With slow intent, he veered his heavy gaze to her – and if it was not for the haze of his amusement that she could feel through their connection, her mirth may quickly have disappeared. As it was, he gave a roguish smirk. "Very well. Should we see how much my explanations have aided you? I hope you were listening yesterday, for I won't be answering any more questions unless you succeed with the following test." Narrowing her eyes in playful contemplation, she asked, "What test?" With an open palm, he reached forward, and suddenly, one of the pebbles upon the ground leapt into his hand. Closing his fingers around it, he turned to her and gave her a smug look. "Call the pebble towards you. For every one you manage to catch, you can ask me a question." She hummed beneath her breath, feeling the excitement of the challenge stir through her. "Are you sure you want to make that deal? I have a never-ending amount of things to ask." "So confident." He rose his hand, holding the pebble between forefinger and thumb. "But we shall see." The rush of lightheartedness did not fade as Rey let out a deep breath and focused her gaze on the pebble, raising her own hand. She concentrated, willing it to jump towards her palm. Nothing happened. Huffing slightly, she squared her shoulders and tried again. He was but an arm's length away – surely this shouldn't be too difficult? Focusing on the pebble with all her might, she reached out through the Force, imagining it as tendrils of energy swirling out, reaching to grab the pebble and bring it towards her– But something was holding it back. It was like tugging on a piece of bolted metal. Her eyes flew up, to see the smirk still playing across his mouth. "You called the lightsaber without a problem," he drawled. "Surely this should be child's play?" She considered him, scrunching her nose ever so slightly. "You're holding it back." "Well, I never said this was going to be easy. Come now, you need to work for your reward." And she did. It took her several minutes and a sheen of sweat building upon her forehead, but finally, the little rock jumped into her palm. The moment it touched her skin, she curled her hand into a fist and thrust it into the air with a victorious grin. Her heart pounded. Because the corners of his mouth was tipped up, slanting in a sideways smile. A real one, that vanished far too quickly. It only made her long for more. She didn't ask her question right away, opting to continue with the exercise. He didn't make it any easier, though. As they continued, he would throw pebbles into the air and have her call them to her while he was also vying for control. More often than not the pebble obeyed him rather than her, his power far more compelling. That was, until his arrogant smirk annoyed her so badly that the very moment he threw the pebble into the air, it jumped into her palm. That earned her a calculated look and the tiniest nods of approval. Finally, when a handful of pebbles lay before her, he said, "It seems I owe you some answers." Rey nodded. There were certainly many things she wanted to know, about the Force, about him – but she also didn't want to ruin the levity between them. This had been fun, and there was no need to push the game into something serious. When she looked up, she smiled. "I'll trade all of my hard-earned pebbles for a single question." He arched a brow, considering her with his typical intensity. She gave a small shrug, and eyed him hopefully. "I just want to know if you're feeling any better." It was what her initial question had been about – the one that led to this unexpected respite between their constant arguments. Gradually over the last few days, the phantom pain she'd experienced of his injuries had faded. But she wanted to hear it from him. Only then will she know if he was simply blocking her out or if he really was healing. Surely he wouldn't deny her this one simple answer? But he remained silent, and slowly her smile slipped away. And then– "My ribs no longer constantly hinder my breathing. Today, I found I can move with more ease. The other injuries never bothered me much to begin with. All of them are healing well enough... Even this…" His fingers hovered over the scar upon his face for a moment, before he dropped his hand and met her gaze. "Satisfied?" Her lips curved into a slow grin. "For the moment." She tossed him the pebble, and he caught it in his fist. "I want to try again. And make it more challenging this time." His only response was the briefest tug of his lips. In the clutches of her nightmare, Rey could not stop screaming. A twisted, nightmarish version of that horrible night Coreo had died haunted her slumber. She was screaming her friend's name over and over, to the sound of the skeletal ship breaking apart. It shuddered and heaved and groaned in ways it never had in reality, causing Rey to stumble and fall again and again as she desperately tried to save Coreo. She couldn't let her die again. She couldn't lose her only friend. Suddenly, from far away, a voice filtered through the choking horrors. "Wake up!" But the ship was breaking, tearing, and she was falling, Coreo was falling – "Wake up !" Her eyes shot open, wide and scared. For a few tortured moments, she was still caught in her nightmare. Panicked breath hitching, she squirmed, a frantic cry escaping her throat. Then, his firm, deep voice spoke again, prying away the claws of the nightmare. "Calm down. It's alright." Slowly, she realized it was only the thunder rumbling overhead, and not the ear-piercing shudders from the ship in her nightmare. Chest heaving, her entire body quivered as she finally focused on him. "Breathe," he murmured soothingly, never once turning his gaze away, allowing her to hold onto it like a lifeline. She became aware of his firm hold on her arms. It felt good, comforting – anchoring her in the present moment. And yet she could not fight the tightness in her throat or the reflexive tears that sprang to her eyes. When they fell, at least they fell silently. Swallowing hard, she squeezed her eyes shut, her body aching from the effort of crushing down the overwhelming emotions flooding forth from those memories. "I…" she murmured. "…I know." The solemn statement caused her eyes to flutter open again, and she peered at him quizzically for a moment before he sighed. "When I touched you… I saw." Her heart twisted painfully against her ribs, her eyes flickering away from his, unable to bear the vulnerability creeping up her spine. But then he reached toward her face, and stroked the backs of his fingers across her cheekbone, swiping away the tears. Without opening her eyes, she leaned into the touch. "Will you… stay? …I don't want to be alone." His fingers stiffened against her cheek. With a snagging breath, he withdrew. As he made to stand up, she caught his wrist with a sharp inhale. "Please?" Seconds ticked by – each passing like a strained eternity as he remained motionless. Finally, he yielded. "Then move over." A swell of warm relief seeped through her. She did as he asked and curled slightly into herself while he took off his boots and slipped out of his shirt, before joining her beneath the blankets. Turning on her side, she faced him. He settled onto his back, staring resolutely up at the ceiling. A shaky smile bloomed across her lips. "Thank you." Gaze flicking down to hers, he scowled. "What for this time?" "Staying." He shifted uncomfortably, once again studying the ceiling. Then, "There is something I want to know. Something I do not understand." "Hm? What is it?" she asked softly, puzzled. "After your friend died… Why did you stay on Jakku? You were all alone, in a desolate place that did everything in its power to beat you down. You must have had opportunities to leave." Rey stilled, gazing up at the profile of his pale face in the gloom. "I could have left if I'd wanted to," she admitted. "But I chose to stay." " Why ? You must have known your family was not coming back." The familiar sadness of the yearning for an unknown family tugged at her lips. "They were part of the reason I stayed… But, I think… The idea of them kept me going; the thought of them returning gave me hope. If I'd left, I didn't know if I could ever find hope again. There were so many times I wanted to leave. But then…" She took a shuddering breath. "After Coreo died, I set out on my own. I was bitter and angry and filled with grief, unable to bear the thought of associating with anyone ever again. I wonder now, if a part of me had really given up hope then? …If a part of me had wanted to die? …I traveled for days, weeks, with nothing but wasteland and the sun to keep me company… And then, I came to a fallen AT-AT walker." A lightness graced her lips. "And you know what I found inside? In this little hollow of sand, was a green sprout… A spinebarrel flower. It was tiny, and all alone, and I remember thinking, if that flower could bloom in a place as desolate and forsaken as that wasteland… If that flower somehow managed to survive… Then I could survive there too." Rey curled her hands into fists, pressing them against her chest as a myriad of emotions stirred beneath her heart; reminiscent feelings of old, mingled with newfound desires that plagued her even now. Had she truly shared one of her deepest, most profound memories with him? Would he think her even more foolish now, after hearing it? With her heart pounding fiercely, she turned on her side, facing away from him, and took the small comfort of his warmth at her back. But then he shifted. A strong arm settled across her waist, pulling her closer. He leaned into her, nose in her hair, sending a shiver down from the nape of her neck to the tip of her spine. And words, whispered so softly she barely heard them, "You'll be the death of me, little bird." Sunlight stirred through the darkness of his dreams. Sunlight, promises made, and an unmistakable melody. His eyes fluttered, though did not open. As he lay, melting deeper into the warmth beside him, he thought he was still dreaming. For the melody had not faded… Umber eyes slowly opened, and he went very, very still. In his arms, he held the scavenger. Morning sunshine bathed them in a soft, golden glow whilst, feather-lightly, she traced a fingertip over the inside of his palm. And she was humming the very melody from his dreams. For a heartrending moment, he couldn't breathe; could only drink in the melancholic but soothing tones rising from her lips. "Where… did you hear that song?" She stilled in his arms, the melody suspended. He did not give her time to answer. Within a moment, he caught her wrists, pinning them above her head as he moved to loom over her, pressing her into the mattress beneath him. He firmly ignored her soft squeak of protest and surprise. "How do you know that song, scavenger?" She blinked, startled, eyes flickering between his. "What do you mean? …I've always known it-" "And how is it that the song from your lips is the very song that has been haunting my dreams ever since we first came here?" he snapped with rising frenzy. His words belied the comfort he had found in this dream: the only dream that had ever brought him peaceful rest for as long as he could remember. He wasn't about to admit that, though, not when his heart was pounding so hard he thought he might pass out. "When we came here, I hummed it to you that night… I –" she shook her head, clearly bewildered, and struggled for words. "I don't understand what's wrong." Neither did he, not really, aside from the fact that something was nagging at the back of his mind, something that didn't make any sense. He could have sworn the melody had seemed familiar , as though he had heard it ages ago… There had been something about the dream, something about those trees, and the voice… From that first night, it had always felt more like a memory than a dream. But that was impossible. He should have known. Had he truly been so blind - so purposely blind? From the very first time their minds had connected, her essence had reminded him of sunlight. The dream had always been because of her . And whether she purposely sent it to him, or whether it was only a side-effect of their bond… It did not matter. He couldn't allow this to continue – all of this . Her admission that she cared about him, the desire she awoke within him, sleeping next to her, the shards of hope he'd allowed himself to feel - that there could still somehow be an end to this torment, an end that should have come with the death of his father. Staring down at her, he was hypnotized by the dreamy softness of her features, the flecks of green in her eyes, the dusting of freckles across her cheekbones, the swoop of collarbones peeking from beneath her shirt, the waves of her hair spilled out across the pillow… and when she took a breath, he watched the way it shuddered through her lips, her chest rising, back arching ever so slightly– A flare of heat, burning and compelling, spread from the pit of his stomach outwards, making his blood rush in his ears. Stricken, he flinched away, letting go of her as he climbed off the bed. She was changing him. Everything about her was changing him, and he couldn't continue to stand by and let her unravel everything he had fought for. "Get ready. We'll be leaving for the village within the hour." Neither of them spoke a word, the low hum of the hovercraft the only sound filling the heavy silence between them. Rey sighed, for the hundredth time. She didn't understand what had happened that morning. The look in his eyes had bordered on frantic . One moment, she'd been drifting in a state of hazy dreaminess, the next, he'd had her pinned to the mattress. And if it weren't for the panic-stricken energy that had clouded his essence, she might not have been able to fight the searing heat that had threatened to make her do very stupid, reckless things. Another sigh escaped her lips. What could he have meant by the song haunting his dreams? She'd never meant to cause him any further distress – in fact, she'd intended for the exact opposite… Why then, had his words felt like an accusation ? To make matters more confusing, his abrupt decision to leave for the village had taken her completely off guard. She'd known they'd have to go sooner or later – but why did it feel like he was fleeing from something? And here she'd foolishly been thinking that things had been going better… The silence between them now, was a torture all on its own. She could handle his fury, she could take his anger… but this was unsettling. She sent a sideways glance at him, finding that his gaze was still set straight ahead. She couldn't even guess at what was going through his mind, and he was giving her nothing through the Force, as though he was making every conscious effort of shutting her out. Turning her gaze to the window, she stared out at the landscape that whizzed by. As the hours passed, the boundless, grassy plains gave way to sloping hills and magnificent mountains, silver waterfalls rushing down from between their rocky crags. Against the slopes there were vast herds of strange animals that faintly reminded her of the lugga beasts back home. She almost jumped out of her seat when she saw a small group of people in the far distance. They were mounted on bird-like creatures, and were shepherding the herds down the slopes towards the lower fields. She watched until she couldn't see them anymore, and then her gaze followed the river and the trees marching at its side. When they finally came to a stop, it was already late afternoon. But Rey saw no signs of a village or even any people as she peered out of the windows. "We'll leave the hovercraft here," he said, startling her. It was the first time he'd spoken to her since that morning, and she was so surprised she almost didn't hear the rest of what he was saying. "I don't want to attract any more attention than necessary. The village is just beyond these hills." He climbed out of the vehicle and Rey sighed as she was momentarily left alone within the craft. Then she quickly grabbed the satchel of tradeable parts she'd brought along and followed his lead. There was a nip in the air, as she'd grown accustomed to, but the trees and shrubbery at least blocked some of the wind rushing from over the fields. She paused, catching the low howl of the wind through the thick, green boughs overhead. Turning her face up, she smiled softly, admiring the sunlight flickering through a sea of emerald leaves. "It's beautiful here..." she murmured quietly. "There is no time to admire the scenery," he snapped, and began marching off. Closing her eyes, she allowed herself one last moment of listening to the rustle of leaves. Apparently he was still upset, even though half the day was gone already. With a sigh and a slightly concerned frown, she followed after him. That morning, he'd donned his robes and his hood, which he now had pulled up. Both lightsabers were clipped to his belt; the black upon the left and the silver upon the right. She'd thought about telling him that if he intended to blend in, he was doing the exact opposite, but then again, he probably wasn't inclined to listen. But one look at his ridged back, and his tightly coiled fists at his sides, and she knew that she couldn't stand this any longer. Not when she didn't even understand why he was upset to begin with. "Are you ready to tell me why you're angry? Will you please explain what you meant about the song this morning?" He came to a halt, immediately turning back to face her and she froze in her tracks. "Enough," he growled. " Enough of this." He was trembling, a battle waging in his eyes. As he spoke, he came closer, but though her heart began to pound she refused to retreat a single step. "Do not forget why you are here, scavenger –" "I haven't forgotten," she sneered, feeling her own anger and frustration that had lain dormant throughout the day now quickly bubble to the surface. " I am not the one who is fleeing from the truth of their own feelings!" A low growl reverberated from him then, as he suddenly seized her by her upper arms. Her body tensed, gaze widening as he leaned in close. "The truth? The truth is that I am the Elder One's Apprentice. The truth is that you are speaking of things you can never possibly understand! The truth is that I shall see this through to the end, no matter the cost !" Abruptly, he let her go, her heart wrenching painfully as he turned away with a shuddered breath. The wind whistled through the trees as they remained quiet in the crackling storm of emotions sweeping through them both. When he faced her again, he did not look into her eyes. Without a word, he lifted the satchel from her shoulder and slung it over his, before turning back around and starting to walk again. She stood watching after him for a moment, fighting the renewed conflict of turbulent emotions at the gesture. Did he even realize he did these little things? These tiny acts of kindness that she was finding increasingly harder to overlook? How then, could he believe himself heartless? How could he believe he would only end up disappointing her? And why was he so darned stubborn?! His words cut through her thoughts. "It shouldn't take long to get the transpacitor. I do not wish to remain longer than necessary." Letting out a dejected sigh, she followed after him, glowering at his back. Gradually the ground rose as they walked along the trail over the hills. Here and there signs of civilization appeared; a stone wall, a leaning way-marker overgrown with flowering vines… With every step, Rey's disquiet slowly built into anticipation. Soon she would get to see the village for herself, and see what the people of this planet was like. She tried to focus on that, and not on the maelstrom of his essence. As the sun was setting, they left the forest and came across the rise to see the horizon blossoming into gold. The last rays of the sun cast the sky in hues of lavender, painting the snow-covered mountain peaks with soft, glowing pinks. From their vantage point, the hills sloped down towards the glistening river that curved around the foot of the mountains, and on the opposite bank, against the green, sloping hills, was the village. She drew an astonished breath. She realized now that the village she'd been imagining this whole time was some dingy little place like Niima Outpost. But oh, how wrong she'd been! This place was larger than any she'd ever seen before! It lay sprawled against the slopes, so many houses and buildings, all made of stone and thatched roofs. And it was breathtakingly beautiful. But what truly captivated her gaze was the windmills . Upon every roof of every house and every building, there was a great fan, spinning in the breeze - and at the highest point of the village, stood three towering windmills overlooking the settlement. "It… it looks like something out of a story..." she admitted in wistful amazement. Unable to tear her gaze away, she stared at the village in wonder, eyes trailing over every detail. After a moment, she realized that there were throngs of people about – even from this distance, she could see hundreds of them. There seemed to be a buzz in the air, as laughter and music reached them upon the swell of the wind. When she looked up, she found a severe frown upon his features - he was glaring at the village, studying it intensely. "What do you think is going on?" she asked. "It looks like… a festival..." He grunted, a surge of annoyance rising up from him. "A very unnecessary complication." Rey quietly peered up at him, watching as the breeze tugged at his hood. Absently clutching at the lapels of her coat, she brought them together beneath her chin to keep some of the cold out. "We should be able to blend into the crowd though, right? If it is a festival, I'm sure our presence will probably go entirely unnoticed," she offered demurely. "If I require your opinion, I shall ask for it," he said harshly, suddenly turning sharp, dark eyes to her. She bristled. "Look, I really don't understand what your problem is. And if you don't want to talk to me, then so be it. But there's no need to snap at me when I am only trying to help!" He sneered, turning his face away, and abruptly curled his hand around her wrist to drag her after him as he started making his way down the hill. "Hey, what-" " Quiet ," he snarled, tugging her closer so that she all but stumbled into his shoulder. She uttered a curse beneath her breath, unthinkingly sending a sharp stab of her annoyance at him. When she managed to find her footing in following after him, she looked up to see where he was leading them. They were making their way down the hill, towards a wide, wooden bridge that spanned the river. There were many people down there, some mounted on those bird-like creatures she'd seen earlier, others were walking. They all seemed to be heading up towards the village. He brought them to an abrupt halt as they reached the riverside, and this time she did bump into his back with a soft oof escaping her lips. He scoffed, clicking his tongue angrily at her. "Can you not walk like a proper human?" Rey grit her teeth, straightening and trying to pull her wrist out of his grasp. "Not when you're dragging me down the damn hill!" "Fine then," he growled, and suddenly his hand was upon the small of her back, curling ever so slightly towards her hip. Leaning in towards her ear, he said in a low, husky tone, " Stay. Close ." If it were not for the lurch of her heart, she would certainly have snapped a sharp retort at him – but all of her frustration disappeared as his fingers tightened on her back, and he roughly drew her in towards his side. She fit snugly against his tall form, his warmth and the feel of him pressing against her sending an uncontrollable thrill shooting through her. Her mind was reeling with his closeness, when she felt him reach out through the Force towards the cheerful group of people ahead of them. She quickly realized what he was doing – just a little nudge through the Force ensured that the group would take no notice of them. They fell in behind them without anyone sending so much as a glance their way, effortlessly blending in. With her heart beating in her throat, she almost didn't take note of the people at all, but what did stand out was that everyone seemed to be dressed in bright colours. Purples, golds, oranges, reds… That, and they all had ribbons in their hair and tied around their wrists, and it seemed that every single person was carrying a lantern. As they stepped onto the bridge, Rey took in the strings of lanterns hanging from every post and colourful ribbons waving in the wind amidst garlands of incredible flowers. Despite everything, she could not help but feel a flare of excitement. For a single moment, she did exactly as he had told her not to: she forgot about everything else. She forgot about the reason they were there, she forgot about the very real and dire situation she found herself in, and simply took in the heart-stirring beauty all around her; the anticipation in the air, the thrill evident on everyone's faces, the way he was holding her so close to his side… For that one moment, she felt part of something larger than herself. They passed beneath a stone arch bedecked with lanterns and garlands, and then they were stepping into a wide plaza. And if was not for his firm grasp upon her back, Rey would have come to a dead halt. There were so many people that the entire street was brimming with them. Everywhere she looked there were people. There were a mixture of races and species, even a few droids. Everyone was laughing and moving cheerfully along the street beneath strings of lights and flags. And above it all, the windmills spun and spun, adding a low, whimsical hum to the music rising from the street performers. Kylo Ren could not tear his gaze away from the absolute entrancement upon her face. Her lips were slightly parted, and her eyes were large and wide, drinking in everything as though it was the most magnificent thing she'd ever seen, the little lights above their heads reflecting in her eyes like stars. He felt the gleeful stirring of her heart, the astonishment that filtered through her essence into his. And he'd been right. What a spectacle she was, even in this tiny village, staring at this all-but-primitive excuse for a festival that held none of the grandeur of Coruscant's magnificence. And what did that make him? When he could not stop staring at her ? Sharply turning his face away, he huffed angrily through his nose. Minutes earlier, on the hill, she'd thought him to be annoyed about the many people around. That had certainly been part of the problem, but not entirely… He'd already known how the festival would affect her… He'd known, and he hadn't wanted to see it. As they moved, a huddle of women danced past them, their bright skirts flaring wide. One of them placed a wreath of flowers upon the scavenger's head, before swirling back into her group and passing out more flowers as she went. He felt the surprise and protest rise up from the scavenger, and he sent a sidelong glance down at her from beneath the rim of his hood. She reached up the properly settle the colourful crown upon her head, and as she lowered her hand, he caught her eyes – now turned entirely green in the golden light – from beneath the circlet of purple-and-pink flowers. His heart gave a painful tug and he quickly glanced away, resolutely reminding himself of his plan. Find a trader, get a transpacitor, and leave . Keeping that firmly in mind, he quickly stopped a passer-by. An old woman looked up at him, and he gently sent out the Force to keep her calm, knowing his scar would probably seem a frightful appearance to anyone. "Can you tell me where I might find the mechanical trader?" The woman's eyebrows rose comically high. "Aye son, but there aint no traders open tonight – not with the festival an' all." He grit his teeth. Of course. The very day he decided to bring them here would be the one day the village would be assaulted by a blasted feast! The woman nonetheless pointed them in the right direction and he briskly began leading them there. Veering through the crowded streets, they passed market stalls and more dancers and musicians, and all the while he felt her presence as keenly as ever – she was absolutely glowing, bright and luminous with amazement at every little thing. Trying to keep his wits about him, he steered them through a narrow side-alley, and then they came to the building, the sign above the door proclaiming the trader's establishment. Letting her go, he quickly tried the door, only to find it locked. That old woman had been right of course. Why would the place still be open with all of this madness going on? He swore under his breath, growing more agitated by the minute. He could use the Force to open the door, and they could go in and just take what they need and get back out– But before he could act, he suddenly heard a booming voice from above his head. "We're closed, sonny!" Both Kylo Ren and the scavenger looked up to see a male of the Cathar species peering at them from an open window on the second floor of the building. His wild, extravagant mane almost took up the entire window – within the golden tresses were several thick braids, each woven through amber beads and red ribbons. Kylo Ren ignored the swell of amusement rising from the scavenger, and her voice that rung inside his head. You. Sonny. HAH! "And when will you be open once more?" he grit out. Perhaps he could persuade the man to just open his shop right now… "Tomorrow afternoon I suspect. Need to rest up after tonight after all!" the Cathar exclaimed jovially, and was about to withdraw from the window when Kylo Ren asked, "Do you have hyperdrive parts available – a transpacitor. We are in urgent need of one." "I suspect so. My son brought a load of parts just this week. Smart boy he is. Good scavenging skills, just like his father." "Like I said, our need is urgent. It would not take five minutes of your time-" The Cathar gave a hearty laugh, one that sounded entirely too similar to the roar of a huge lion, causing Kylo Ren's expression to go slightly stark and stiff. "Oh no, sonny! Can't open the shop for you, no matter how urgent your business is! Disrespectful to work on the eve of the Lantern Festival! Best come back tomorrow!" With that, before Kylo Ren even had the opportunity to mind-trick the trader into opening the shop, he disappeared from the window, and shut it behind him with a loud thud. In a blaze of fury, Kylo Ren's hand shot out towards the door. He felt rather than heard the scavenger's sharp intake of breath. His clawed fingers paused, hovering. They could go in, get the part, and leave, all within a matter of seconds. He would rush them back through the crowds, and they would head straight to the hovercraft. Within a few hours, they could be back, working on the TIE fighter, and as soon as it was fixed, he would… Slowly, his outstretched fingers curled into a fist. Trembling, he crushed his knuckles into the wood, relishing in the slightest sting from the wounds that had not yet completely healed. Why could he not shake her words? Her ridiculous, foolish words, that it was wrong to use the Force in this way. What did she know? She knew nothing , she was a child, stumbling through the dark, speaking of things she could never possibly– Her fingers gently came to rest over his fist. "If it's really what you want, you can choose to go inside." He did not dare look down at her, knowing he would be powerless if he did. For he also heard what she didn't say. That he could choose not to enter. He refused to believe it was so simple. For all of his life, he'd lived like he'd never had a choice, like this road he'd taken had been inevitable, that he'd been fated to walk it and he'd done so with pride . Hadn't he told her? Hadn't he told her that he'd never chosen this? That everything he'd done was as it should be? But how could he continue to believe that, when this girl, this stubborn, tenacious, infuriating girl chose to stay, all alone , on a planet that did not want or need her, all in the name of hope ? A breath flowed out of him. Without a word, Kylo Ren lowered his trembling hand back to his side. And as he began walking away, he fiercely refused to acknowledge the mixture of her relief and joy that bloomed through him like a lone flower in the sand. Before long, they were back in the main street, amidst the crowds. He came to an abrupt pause. Rey quietly observed him – he was crackling with energy, sparks of different emotions filtering through to her. But before she could reach out to him, a tall silver droid came ambling up to her side. In its outstretched arm, it was holding out a… pinwheel? Rey tilted her head, watching as its tiny fan spun in the breeze, flashing its myriad of colours beneath the golden glow of the string-lights above their heads. Surprised, she looked up to the droid's face – he had a single, blinking eye and a fan that continuously spun upon his head – and in the crook of his arm, he carried a basket filled with pinwheels. In a few soft beeps and whistles, he told her to take the one he was offering. "Oh, no that's alright – I couldn't–" He shook his head, resolutely thrusting the pinwheel at her, and beeped again. Free. Take. For Tall Man too. A slow smile spread across her lips. Reaching out, she took the offered pinwheel and another one from the basket. Bowing her head, she grinned. "Thank you…" a quick glance at the plate on his chest revealed a name, "Flitwick!" The droid hummed and beeped happily at her before sauntering away through the crowds, handing out pinwheels as he went. She was still grinning when she turned to look up at Ben. He was staring down at her with something like shock and wonder, mingled with a solemn edge. Tilting her head slightly, she held up the pinwheel to his face and gently blew upon its fan, so that it spun wildly before his eyes. "For you, Tall Man," she teased, echoing the droid's name for him. As though in a daze, he reached up and curled his fingers around the stem of the pinwheel, fingertips brushing over hers for a burning moment. Then he took it, and looked as though it was the single most bizarre thing in all the world. Rey couldn't help it. She laughed. All of the tense energy of the day suddenly came rushing out into laughter, a bright and bell-like sound that intensified as her shoulders shook. His displeased expression only made it worse, and suddenly she was leaning into him, hiding her face in the folds of his cloak. When she finally calmed down, and looked back up to him, his expression had softened, the corner of his mouth tilted ever so slightly upwards. "Come. I saw an inn on our way over to the trader," he said, and began walking. She fell into step beside him, clutching her pinwheel against her chest and frowning up at him. "An inn?" "We shall be staying the night," he clarified, and Rey could not restrain the brilliant smile breaking across her features. Notes: Rey's memory of the spinebarrel flower is based on canon. And if you were interested, the village I used for visual inspiration is the Ushguli village, go google it if you want! It's a beautiful place. Next time, we shall see what they get up to during the festival… ;) As always, thanks so much for reading - and remember, feedback is golden! :) Chapter 10 : Burning Notes: I realize that everyone probably has their own idea of what they’d like to see happen during this “date” chapter :) So I really hope this doesn’t disappoint… I worked very hard on it. It is a bit of a turning point for our two beloved characters, one which will have a great impact on the rest of the story. Thank you so much for all of your incredible feedback and support! :) Song: I Giorni by Ludovico Einaudi. If you want, go listen to this while reading the chapter. This song greatly influenced the atmosphere and mood of the festival, as well as Rey and Ben’s interactions :) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 10: Burning I don't want this moment to ever end Where everything's nothing without you I'll wait here forever just to see you smile 'Cause it's true, I am nothing without you Through it all, I made my mistakes I stumble and fall, but I mean these words I want you to know With everything I won't let this go, these words are my heart and soul I'll hold on to this moment you know, as I bleed my heart out to show And I won't let go With me, Sum 41 The Innkeeper was not at all very pleased with them. As she bustled about, serving drinks to all manner of species, she clucked her tongue, saying they couldn’t very well expect a room – let alone two rooms – when everyone from everywhere had come especially for the festival! They would simply have to go to another inn or– But a sinister glower from Kylo Ren quickly refreshed her memory. She did have one last room available! It was in the attic, and very tiny, but would do for an evening, if the two of them didn’t mind sharing! The woman was willing to let them stay for free – no-doubt simply to be out from under the intensity of his gaze, but the scavenger insisted on giving her some compensation. She motioned for him to place the satchel on the bar, and as he did so, she began rummaging through it, taking out several bits and pieces that she offered to the Innkeeper. Out of the corner of his eye, Kylo Ren noticed a man seated several seats down; he was cloaked, though the hood lay crumpled around his shoulders, and his bushy beard was dripping from the drink he was chugging back. When he lowered his tankard, the man sent a lingering, sidelong glance in their direction. No , Kylo Ren realized with a deepening frown. Not at them . Only at the scavenger. The human male’s gaze roved over her form; from her face, all the way down her body that was leaning slightly towards the bar, before traveling back up once more. Kylo Ren did not appreciate that stare. At all. And only the briefest brush against the man’s mind revealed that there were no pure intentions mingled within the haze of liquor. Flaring from his chest outwards, something dark twisted through him; something that made his blood boil in a way he could not recall experiencing before. Instinctively, his arm curved possessively around the scavenger’s waist, subtly drawing her closer to him. He watched with a darkening scowl as the man’s eyes briefly flickered up to meet his, before quickly shifting back down to his drink. The scavenger was so busy negotiating with the Innkeeper that she didn’t notice, but as soon as her business was concluded he felt it the very moment she became aware of his touch. A current of energy swept through her, buzzing through her blood and straight into his. It made his heart skip a beat – an echo of her own leaping heart – and he gave a shuddered huff of breath, hoping in vain it would hide his reaction. Then he was shouldering the satchel and briskly leading them back outside. He wanted her out from under that perverse gaze, and neither did he quite trust himself to ignore the perplexing fury simmering in his gut. But as soon as they stepped into the main street, he realized he’d had no clear destination in mind, and came to a halt. All around them the world was darkening – the sky was no longer awash with red or gold, but fading into turquoise and deep-blue. “I wonder what they would have done if it had rained,” she said at his side, gazing up at the first twinkling stars. He hummed beneath his breath, having briefly wondered the exact same thing. “Do you think… we can… take a look around?” His gaze met hers. When he’d told her they were staying, he hadn’t intended to take part in the festivities. And yet… Gazing down at her, noting how she clutched both pinwheels against her chest, how those awaiting eyes were bright with excitement and expectation … He gave a single nod, instantly rewarded with her elation spilling into him. Without warning, she grabbed his hand, weaving her fingers through his. Tilting her head, she scrunched her nose. “Do you think they’ll have fireworks?” She was smiling that smile. And for a single, leaping heartbeat, he could fool himself into thinking it was just for him. “I doubt it,” he grunted. His tone of voice did not deter her in the slightest – she chuckled, laughing off his annoyance like it was nothing. …And she was still holding his hand. This night was truly not going according to plan– “Oh, isn’t that the trader?” she asked. It was indeed. The male Cathar was making his way through the crowd; his extravagant mane alone made him an impressive sight, but with his tall, bulking frame he towered above most of the other species. Before Kylo Ren knew what was happening, she was tugging him along, heading straight towards the Cathar. “Master Trader!” she called as they neared, and the lion-like creature paused to look down at them. Something akin to amusement spread across his feline features, his amber eyes twinkling. “Why, if it isn’t you two again. Came for a second round of persuading me to open the shop?” She shook her head and smiled. “Oh, no, in fact, we’re sorry about that! We’re not from around here. We meant no disrespect to your festival.” We are not sorry , Kylo Ren muttered glumly and somewhat exasperatedly inside her head. What was she getting at? A wide grin broke across the trader’s face – or rather, he hoped it was a grin and not a feral baring of fangs. “Ah it is quite alright, lass. No harm done! If it were any other day I would have gladly been of assistance to you. But do come back tomorrow! I will be happy to help you then.” “Thank you, you are most kind,” she said with a polite bow of her head. He gave a boisterous roar of a laugh, and attentively met Kylo Ren’s gaze. “You should have let her do the talking, sonny. I might have opened the shop for you after all!” There was something in those amber hues that made Kylo Ren’s eyes narrow calculatingly. He had the feeling he was dealing with a very keen, observant man here. Even so, a blank expression was the only response the trader received, which only made him chuckle that much harder. “Master Trader, I have a question!” the scavenger exclaimed. “What is this festival about, exactly? Is it alright if we attend?” The Cathar placed a huge, golden paw upon her shoulder. “Of course, lass. Everyone is welcome to attend. You think all these people are from Neverant?” He chuckled. “We call it the Lantern Festival. It is a festival of light and living, of saying goodbye to the past and welcoming the future with hope. Later tonight, we will all go down the river and light a lantern, which we’ll send down upon the stream. It serves as the symbolic farewell to the past, and embracing whatever comes with an open heart.” Another baring of teeth, as he gave her shoulder a relatively gentle pat. Kylo Ren clenched his jaw, despite knowing this male was nothing at all like the human from the bar. “Oh, thank you! We would be honoured to take part,” she replied, briefly catching his gaze as though confirming to him that they will indeed attend . He tried not to scoff, as she returned her attention to the trader. “And the ribbons?” she asked, gesturing to the red ribbons interwoven into the Cathar’s mane. “Everyone is wearing them! And I’ve noticed some of them have inscriptions…” “Ah, indeed!” the Cathar exclaimed, holding up one of his ribbon-woven tresses to the light. “It is quite an old tradition. The ribbons are meant as gifts for the ones we care about. The inscriptions are the words you wish for that person to carry with them into the future. They can be anything. Most range from wishes for love or families, or for prosperity in the year to come.” With a sweep of his paw, he gestured to the market stalls all around them. “You will find quite a few stalls that will make inscriptions for you… Now, I hope to see you down at the river tonight. Please enjoy the festivities, and we shall conduct our business tomorrow!” He gave the scavenger another little pat, this time on her flower-adorned head – somehow managing not to squash a single petal – which made her chuckle and exclaim a gleeful thank you. The Cathar nodded, giving a last lingering look at Kylo Ren, before he strode off into the crowd. When she turned to face him, he was glaring down at her with frustration he didn’t quite understand himself. “Was all of that really necessary?” he grunted. But she only smiled, tucked his pinwheel into his belt, and shrugged. “I just wanted to make sure it’s alright for us to be here. Now… Shall we?” With a relenting sigh, he nodded, and let himself be led off towards the rows of market stalls. Rey couldn’t stop moving. There was simply too much to see! She flitted between the market stalls like a little sugarbird from flower to flower. Every stall had its own collection of trinkets that drew her gaze: strings of beads, finely detailed woodcarvings, lanterns painted with the most intricate designs, pottery and cutlery, vivid scarves in every colour she could think of… There were stalls of armour, and others that had all types of clothing on display; from masks, to shoes and boots, and entire arrays of robes. But the stall that brought her to a halt was the one selling staves. They were made of a dark, lacquered wood; each had its own unique leather wrapping around the handle and intricately carved grooves that were inlaid with lustrous elements. There were other wares on the table as well – knives with incredibly beautifully crafted hilts – but the staves captivated her. “Made from the wood of the Brylark tree, Miss!” the stall owner said, noticing her entrancement with the weapons. “Brylark tree?” “Indeed, Miss! Strong as steel and twice as beautiful! Worthy of any salted warrior.” “They’re incredible…” Rey breathed, her fingertips hovering over the staves, until they paused over one that instantly reminded her of her quarterstaff back home. “May I?” she asked the owner, and he motioned for her to go ahead as she reverently picked up the staff. It was far lighter than she’d imagined, but perfectly balanced and smooth to the touch. Not a single splinter or rough groove. The craftsmanship was remarkable. “I was not aware this planet had Brylark trees,” Kylo Ren spoke low beside her ear as the owner helped another customer. “It is rare, but there are some who prefer their lightsaber hilt to be carved from this wood.” “What, really?” she asked, glancing up in surprise. He nodded, holding out his hand and she passed him the staff. “It is an ancient practice, not often seen today.” With a keen eye, he inspected the quarterstaff, testing its weight and its balance. “Hm. This is indeed a decent weapon,” he muttered thoughtfully. As he handed it back to her, his eyes gained a playful light. “I did not realize you had an interest in quarterstaves.” Rey placed the exquisite staff back upon the table, her fingertips lingering for another moment before she smiled up at him. “I had one back on Jakku, actually. Got me out of quite a few sticky situations.” She shrugged. “It certainly is no lightsaber… but it was a good weapon. A companion, in a sense.” With a last look, she began moving again. He followed just behind her, his presence like a shadow at her back. They were no longer holding hands, but her palm still tingled as though joined with his and her mind was reeling with the unexpected turn the day had taken. Every single hour in his presence had been strained with tension, and she still did not know where she stood with him. But now, here she was at his side, walking through a scene that was like something out of a fairy tale. All of this might as well be a dream. A dream she was certain would end any moment. But then, it only got better. They came to a round plaza with a fountain at its center, and a wave of delicious smells washed over them. A quick glance at the stalls told her that they’d reached a little piece of heaven – the food district! Every single table was laden with dishes – freshly baked goods, steaming stews, baskets upon baskets of fresh fruits, large barrels of drinks and so many things she didn’t even recognize. Her stomach gave a loud, excited rumble. Suddenly, a low, dancing chuckle rumbled through his chest, and Rey’s gaze snapped up to him in disbelief. In that instant, a rush of butterflies fluttered through her belly as she watched while he hid his smile behind gloved fingers, but not before she’d glimpsed it in all of its heart-stopping glory; from the way his eyes lit up and crinkled ever so slightly, to the dimples playing around his mouth. Stars, he was beautiful . It was the very first time she’d heard him laugh – a real laugh that was neither dark nor twisted – and it left her entirely breathless, absolutely dying for more. And to think it was such a silly thing to have caused it. She almost hoped her stomach would growl again, if only to have him laugh once more! He lowered his hand, only slightly smiling now, and somewhere in the back of her mind she knew she should probably stop staring. He was starting to notice, and she refused to ever blush in his presence again. She forced her gaze away – but as she sneakily dabbed her fingertips against her cheeks, she found they were already blazing hot. Dear creators, this was what a single laugh of his did to her? She felt his amusement stir against her like a warm ray of sunshine, causing her to catch his twinkling eyes. He opened his lips to speak, but she hastily interrupted. “Not a word,” she quipped and stormed off towards the nearest stall, hoping her embarrassment wasn’t as obvious as she feared. He quickly caught up to her, and through their connection he felt warm, and light, and it was making her head swim. Not once had she felt such things from him before. He’d only ever been dark, and solemn and tormented. This change was dangerous, and would mean nothing good for her conflicted heart… She was staring blankly down at all of the deliciousness laid out on the table before her, without a single one of those dishes registering in her mind. “Perhaps I shall take the lead, now,” he murmured right against the nape of her neck, his husky tone sending a thrill chasing down her spine. Stricken eyes snapped to him as he stepped around her, only to find herself further disarmed by the sideways smirk tugging at his lips. Her heart leapt, and she dropped her gaze. Chuckling, he curled his fingers around her wrist and gently tugged her forward, as he began leading them around the plaza. It was a good thing too, because Rey was soon gaping at all of the food around them. Somehow, his arm had found its way around her waist again, and he steered her from stall to stall, telling her the names of the dishes he recognized, and what they were made of. All the while, her heart was like a caged bird, fluttering within the hollow of her ribs. Her expressions were priceless. He would hand her little bite-sized tasters and she would take it, give it a curious inspection, nibble on it, and then devour the whole thing before looking up at him for more. He found himself watching the tiny details in her face; the fluttering of her long lashes when something tasted particularly good, the widening of her eyes or an appreciative inhale, the tip of her tongue darting across her lower lip to lick it clean of a droplet of sauce… It seemed he’d discovered a new type of torture. Finally, they decided on a stir-fry dish with rice and an arrangement of colourful vegetables. They took a seat on the edge of the fountain to enjoy their meal. For a couple of minutes, they were suspended in a comfortable silence, surrounded by the lilt of music mingling with the din of the crowds and the soft trickling of the fountain. “I don’t think I’ve ever tasted something this good,” she said around her last mouthful. He shook his head. “You said that about every single thing you tasted.” “Well, it was true every time,” she grinned and placed her empty bowl aside. Then her eyes widened, and she was suddenly off into the crowd again. His bemused gaze followed after her, watching as she went over to one of the dessert stalls. Barely a few moments later, he felt a swell of her excitement rush through him. She was hurrying back, carrying something in each hand. “Ben!” She was grinning wider than he’d ever seen before, her eyes sparkling with delight. “Ben, look! I found these ! Apple pies! Aren’t they just amazing?” she asked, presenting them so he could see. Creators, she really was like a child. And her wonder was infectious, causing his lips to tilt into a smile. “Here, this one’s for you,” she said happily and thrusted one towards him. He hoped she was unaware of the whirlwind of emotions spiraling through him at such a simple, meaningless gesture. A little dazed, he took the pastry and she sat down upon the ground, her back against the fountain’s edge. As she settled, her shoulder brushed against his thigh. But she didn’t seem to notice, promptly biting into her dessert. “Oh my stars ,” she moaned, elation glazing across her eyes. “Okay. I mean it this time. I’ve really never tasted anything this good.” A soft laugh left his lips. Taking a bite of his, he found that it was rather good, but even its pleasant flavours couldn’t distract him from the sight of her. Every bite she took she relished ; her eyes were closed and an expression of absolute enjoyment lingered on her face. When she finished, she began licking her fingers; her lips were plump and red and stained with a soft dusting of lingering sugar. What was this feeling rising up inside of him? This lightness, this madness that made him feel like maybe, for the first time in his whole life, he was exactly where he was meant to be? Then she let out a soft, contented sigh and leaned her head against his knee. His heart jolted, flaring heat and apprehension from his chest outwards. Which only worsened when she turned her head slightly, her cheek still resting gently against him as she peered up at him from beneath that ridiculous flower crown, all owlishly-big eyes and smiling lips and wistful expression. It only incited his mess of crazy feelings. All he wanted to do was run his fingertips through her hair, trace them down the nape of her neck, tilt her chin up to taste the sugar on her lips– “I don’t think I’ve ever eaten so much in my entire life,” she murmured with a smile, before tipping her head back down and resting her temple against his leg like she was settling in to fall asleep right then and there. He curled his hands into fists, fighting the dizzying pounding of his heart. “If you’re tired, we should go back to the inn.” She quickly sat up, and turned to face him fully. “What? No! I want to stay! We should go to the river later, like the trader said.” He scowled. Walking through the market stalls was one thing, but participating in this primitive and ridiculous ritual of ‘saying goodbye to the past’? The sound of it made him want to cringe and scoff at the same time. Besides, he thought with a darkening expression, what future did he have to welcome with open arms? The only thing that laid ahead of him was a road of darkness. Strange, that it no longer seemed to beckon him the way it once had. Her fingertips gently came to rest on his knee, drawing him out of his shadowy thoughts. “We don’t have to go for their reasons,” she said quietly. “We can go for our own.” His brows furrowed. “What do you mean?” “I mean…” she gave a little sigh, biting her lip as she thought. “I mean that, we can just go because it would be nice to watch the lanterns drifting down the stream. We don’t have to take part in the symbolic meaning.” Slowly, amusement spread across his lips. “Wouldn’t that be disrespectful?” She smiled, her eyes twinkling. “Maybe a little.” He huffed a breathless laugh, holding her gaze and watching as her smile widened. Slowly, he shook his head, glancing away. “What?” she asked, playfully narrowing her eyes at him. “You seem to be enjoying yourself.” Her features softened again, and she nodded, gaze trailing wistfully over their surroundings. “I am… I’ve never seen so many people in one place. And so many beautiful things… And everyone just seems happy. It’s wonderful.” She met his eyes, a teasing grin tugging at her lips. “And you don’t seem to be having a completely terrible time, either.” An amused grunt. “It is… not entirely unpleasant.” She laughed, and warmth unfurled through his chest. “Not entirely unpleasant?” she jested. “You are so hard to please. What would make it more pleasant then?” For a fleeting moment, his eyes flickered down to her lips, unbidden images swirling through his head before he tore his gaze away. “Nothing attainable.” His heart was still pounding, when she abruptly rose to her feet. “I’m going to go find us some lanterns.” He gave a minute nod, and she left without another word. Releasing a deep sigh, he remained a solitary figure at the fountain, cursing himself for his completely irrational behaviour. What was he thinking? What was he doing ? Where had his resolve disappeared to? This morning, he’d been so focused, so fixed in his purpose once again. It had gotten him through this day, up until the moment in front of that trader’s door. When he realized that he was fighting a battle he could never hope to win. With another sigh, he looked up, and a particular stall caught his eye. Without thought, he got to his feet and made his way over, his eyes roving over the sea of swaying ribbons. In the flickering, golden glow of the nearby braziers, he was drawn towards a single one that captured his gaze. Nearing, he reached out, allowing it to flow across his fingers, watching how it flashed emerald green in the warm light. Rey was peering over the shoulders of the people in front of her, waiting in the line at the lantern stall they’d passed earlier. Fingers fidgeting at her sides, she let out a tiny sigh. Nothing attainable… Her fist reached up to press against her chest. Her heart wouldn’t stop pounding. She’d felt sparks of his desire stir through their bond, but desire did not mean that he cared . Which made things even more difficult, because she knew that he must have felt her own desire in return, for it was impossible to hide. It was stronger than anything she’d ever felt before, growing completely out of her control, infused in every moment she looked at him. Could she allow those words to give her hope? Or would hoping for this, for him , only make it worse when he inevitably pushed her away again? Oh, stars, how was she ever going to survive this? Another dejected sigh, as she moved to the front of the line. She bartered two plain but pretty lanterns, and started to head back towards the fountain, her gaze downcast. When, suddenly, something seized her wrist. In a blur, she was yanked out of the main street and into a quiet alley. A cry flew from her lips, her lanterns tumbling to the ground as she was roughly wrenched forward. For a bewildering second, she thought it was Ben, but the moment a sweaty hand clamped across her mouth, she knew she’d landed into trouble. With a confused squeal of protest she suddenly found her back pressed against the wall. A man ; a cloaked, gaunt man was pinning her, stiflingly close and leering at her with gleaming eyes. “Finally, it’s just you and me,” he chuckled, the stench of alcohol permeating his breath. He leaned in close, his beard scratching against her exposed neck. It sent a violent wave of revulsion shuddering through her, igniting into resistance. With all the ferocity and might she could muster, she thrust her heel down upon his boot, her cry muffled against his slick palm. He howled in shock, releasing his hold on her. Her hands shot forward, grabbing him by the shoulders to lock him in place as she kneed him hard in the stomach. Sputtering curses, he doubled over, but she was already fleeing, pulse racing– With a savage growl, he leaped forward, managing to catch her by her leg. She crashed hard onto her knees, sharp stabs of pain shooting up through her legs, her heart throbbing in her throat as she scrambled forward. “You’re not getting away that easily!” he roared, seizing her by her hair and yanking her to her feet. She screamed in pain, hands flying up to her head, as petals from the ruined flower crown rained down all around her. Kylo Ren was striding back towards the fountain, the ribbon safely tucked within the inner pocket of his robes, when, suddenly, a stab of fear cut through him. He froze, eyes hazing over as he focused on the sensation; it was brief, sharp, and followed by a rush of determination. Within a single moment he was moving, his widened gaze lighting up with something wild and frantic. He ran, shoving past people and stalls as he came up the main street, following her essence with his heart pounding like a hammer against his ribs. All of his senses honed in on her so profoundly he could feel the pain shooting up through her knees, the rough hands grabbing at her, the sharp pain lancing through her head as she was yanked back by her hair. And then, her fear intensified, flaring into terror. It propelled him forward, his own dread spiking through him as he raced into the quiet, narrow alley. Then, he saw them. A man was holding her back, clutching her by her hair as she scrambled and kicked, dragging her further into the gloom. It was the man from the bar. The human male who couldn’t keep his eyes off of her. Devastating rage swept like a wildfire through his veins, turning everything into a blur. All he could see was the arms enclosing around her, the fierceness upon her face, the desperation in her eyes, the wicked sneer and gleaming gaze of the cloaked man. In a heart-stopping moment, Kylo Ren thrust out his palm and let the Force burst forward, enclosing around the man’s form to pull him straight into his awaiting palm. There was a single, brief moment, in which he was satisfied to see fierce terror replace the villainous gleam in those hazy eyes. With a vice-like grip around the tender throat, Kylo Ren slammed the man up against the wall with merciless strength. There was a gratifying crack and grunt of pain, before the assailant's head lolled, severely dazed. But Kylo Ren only increased the strength of his grip, letting the Force assault the man’s breathing, relishing in extinguishing the life from this miscreant– From the corner of his vision, fingertips reached out to grab his outstretched arm. “Wait!” Blazing eyes turned down to glare at her. In his current state, he almost couldn’t focus on her, almost didn’t notice that her gaze was filled with fear, and something entirely inscrutable. “He does not need to die ,” she said firmly, fingers tightening upon his arm. His chest shuddered with unbearable, seething anger. “And why is that?” he sneered. “Because he’s senselessly drunk!” “He could have killed you.” “But he didn’t.” She was moving closer, gazing intently up at him. “ Please , Ben… Let him go.” He couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “You would say that after what he tried to do?” She gave a tiny nod. “Yes.” Shaking with adrenaline-fueled rage, Kylo Ren turned his face away from the scavenger to lean in close to his prisoner. Every instinct in his body was screaming to end this scumbag’s life right here and now. The man’s face was red, veins stark upon his throat… He was making little gasps of choking noises, probably pleas of mercy, and it brought a gleeful sneer to Kylo Ren’s lips. “If I ever see you so much as look in her direction again – it would be the last mistake you ever make.” With forceful vehemence, he threw him down upon the ground, watching as he struggled and scrambled and heaved for breath. “Get out of my sight,” Kylo Ren hissed, never once letting the filth out from under his gaze as he desperately began stumbling away into the night. Even after he’d disappeared, Kylo Ren stared into the darkness, unable to move for fear he would ignite into flames. His blood had turned molten, burning through his bones, though his chest, through his heart. “And if I hadn’t shown up…” he sneered, low and menacing, “Do you think he would have spared you after he had his way with you?” Only then did his umber eyes return to her. She was clenching her hands into fists at her sides, glaring daggers at him, her entire being aglow with enmity – but he hardly noticed. All that mattered was the smudge of dirt on her cheek, the disheveled state of her clothing, the scrapes on her knees. The ruined remains of the flower crown, its crushed petals still caught in her hair. “I don’t need you to protect me!” she grit out. “Do you really think this is the first time something like this happened to me? I grew up on a planet crawling with thugs and bandits with no one around to protect me but myself !” “Then you should know better!” he roared, his wrath cloaking him like a choking, smouldering shadow. “It is your foolishness that will get you killed! You only see the light and the goodness in everyone – even in those that deserve to die!” Even in monsters like him. Her eyes flashed, but she did not raise her voice. “And you only see the darkness .” “And why shouldn’t I?” He was assaulted by something wicked and reckless – something he couldn’t control. It was flaring out from beneath his skin, pouring from every part of his being. “What has the light ever brought me other than despair? Where was the light when I needed it? The very people who fight for the light were the ones who abandoned me in the first place!” With something like satisfaction, he watched as she flinched with hurt. But he continued, drawing closer, until there was barely a hand’s breadth between them. “There are many ways in which to be abandoned, and not all of them involve being left upon deserted planets. What do you think my family did when they realized the power I possessed?” He sneered, his fingers snatching her wrist. “They feared me. And they were right to fear me. For the light will always bow to the darkness!” He was close now, close enough for the agony in her eyes to somehow filter through his haze of fury. “The Supreme Leader is the only one to have ever believed in my abilities without fear. He gave me a purpose. He showed me the road I was meant to walk. And he’s the only one to have ever believed in me. ” With a sharp pang of her anguish slicing through him, she wrenched away, her eyes lighting up with more fierceness than he’d ever seen. “If you really believe that, then you are the fool!” she exclaimed, her voice bordering on hysteric. “You think your Master cares about you? That he believes in you? You are just a pawn to him! A pawn he will sweep aside the very moment he no longer needs you!” She was shaking her head, and her spirit flared with misery and fury, so brightly he felt like she was searing him. When she spoke again, her voice had fallen. “ I believe in you, Ben. I believe in the part of you that is still kind, and hopeful and unable to succumb to the darkness.” His heart felt like it would burst. He couldn’t breathe; couldn’t comprehend what she was saying, mind still reeling with overwhelming rage the like of which he’d never felt before. But beneath all of that, beneath the fury… He was afraid . His fear had flamed his rage. And it only intensified when she suddenly balled her fists and sneered up at him. “But I’m nothing to you! I’m nothing but a worthless scavenger, aren’t I? A single grain of sand in a world made of dust! You don’t care about me! You said it yourself – the only reason I’m still alive is because of that damned map inside my head!” Angry tears gleamed in her eyes when she suddenly slammed her fists against his chest, and for all the world it felt like she was piercing his heart. “Well then you can have it!” She shoved him, hard. “You can have it and you can go to hell for all I care!” She whirled around, rushing away in a swirl of stormy emotions, and with every step she took his heartbeat sped up, beating in a frantic cadence, building and building– “Wait!” He lunged forward, catching her wrist and tugging her back, but she was fighting him, sharp stabs of her pain twisting through him like knives in his heart. “Let me go ,” she pleaded, pulling away from him. But he couldn’t. “ Rey !” Her name left his lips like a plea, a prayer, laced with all of his torment. Instantly, she stopped. The world spun to a standstill, shrinking to his heart pounding in his chest, to her, slowly turning to face him, to the hurt and the disbelief in her eyes. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry ,” he murmured, low and rushed, the words spilling out of him from a place where he could no longer keep them concealed. “You are not worthless. You-" His throat locked. He did care. Damn it all, he cared more than he’d ever cared about anything or anyone else in his entire life. Reaching out, he gently cupped her face, desperately gazing into her eyes, all the while feeling her resistance like ice in his veins. “You were right. About this morning. I was fleeing. I wanted to believe you put that song inside my head. I wanted to believe you’ve been lying to me all this time. That all you cared about was luring me to the light.” He shook his head slightly. “But you’ve been honest about your intentions from the very first minute, when you asked me to come with you.” She still wasn’t saying anything, was only staring at him with those stark, stunned eyes. Inhaling a strained breath, his thumbs stroked across her cheeks. “You told me that I judge everything too harshly. That I should give it a chance to surprise me... I was not surprised when my parents sent me away. I was not surprised to find the same fear reflected in my uncle’s eyes. I knew what I was. It gave me a purpose, a sense of belonging…” He was trembling now, wrought with dread and an overwhelming yearning to crush his lips against hers. In a breathless whisper, he added, “Until you, Rey. You are the first thing to ever surprise me.” His eyes flickered to the smear of dirt on her cheek, to the fading scrape across her cheekbone that was still a testament to his blinding rage days before. “I am worse than this very man who tried to attack you...” For a moment his eyes squeezed shut, his face turning away. “I can only ever hurt you.” And it took every shred of his willpower to pull away. Rey couldn’t breathe. She couldn’t breathe and she was shaking with adrenaline, disbelief and a type of fear she’d never known before. He’d said her name. And when he withdrew, her pulse nearly stopped. Panic surged through her, sending her body reaching forward of its own will. She threw her arms around his neck, felt the shock ripple through him as she melted into him, holding on for dear life. For a brief, bizarre moment, she was assaulted by the reminder of just how tall he was – she was standing on her tiptoes, and he was bending forward slightly, and even so it felt like her feet would lift off the ground if he straightened. It brought a soft, disbelieving laugh to spill from her lips, muffled against his collarbone. And still he did not move. “This is called a hug,” she whispered. “You’re supposed to be returning it.” Achingly slowly, he wrapped her within the circle of his strong arms; loosely at first, and then tightening into a warm, crushing embrace. She heard his snagging inhale, felt his nose bury in her hair. Felt a sense of desperation from him as he clung to her, like she might break, like she might still leave him alone. Her fingers fisted into his cloak, her mind spinning with everything he’d just told her, and everything that she didn’t know how to say. But she could show him. If her courage would not fail her. Gently she loosened her hold, until only her fingers were still linked behind his neck and she was able to look up at him. She swallowed, hard, closing her eyes, and felt him gently leaning his forehead against hers. The sensation of comfort and solace flaring through them both left her momentarily stunned. Until, she opened her eyes, and found his umber gaze staring intently into hers. Desire sparked in her veins, his leaping heartbeat resonating through her as she found herself being gently pushed backwards until her back met the wall, his hands somehow finding their way to her hips. Her palms slid down from his neck, across his chest, to finally rest upon his heart – and she felt his fingers tightening into her flesh with deepening desperation. Her heart was beating out of control as he lowered his head towards her shoulder. He grazed his lips against the slope of her neck and she whimpered, going weak in his arms. “Ben,” she pleaded, breathless and shuddering. She wanted this. Surely he must know just how badly she wanted this. “Rey,” he murmured, tangling a hand into her hair and pulling away slightly to meet her eyes. “I-“ The sound of loud, raucous laughter rose up from the street. Both of them turned to look, noticing the group of people moving past the opening of the alley. They were all carrying unlit lanterns. When she returned her gaze to his, he was smiling slightly, a somber look settling in his eyes. “We should probably make our way down to the river." Her throat constricted, robbing her of her voice. All she could do was nod, and watch as he pulled away. For a moment she remained frozen in place, feeling an unreasonable hurt racking through her chest. But then, he grabbed her hand, weaving their fingers together. “Come. Or we’ll be late. You don’t want to miss the lanterns drifting down the stream, do you?” Slowly, the hurt dissipated as she gazed into his eyes, and she found her own smile as she shook her head. He began leading them out of the alley, only to pause again when he picked up the lanterns she’d dropped earlier. Aside from a few specks of dust, they seemed to be no worse for wear. Taking one, Rey looked up at him. “Ben?” He stopped, meeting her eyes. “Thank you. You… came for me. You saved me once again. And I’m grateful.” She watched as a slow smile spread across his lips. “And how could I not… when you are the only thing worth saving.” Heat and butterflies cascaded through her blood at his words, and only intensified when he took her hand once again, locking their fingers tightly together. They were sitting on the grassy bank beside the wide, mirror-smooth river. The water was inky black, broken only by the gentle reflection of the lights from the village. The ceremony had yet to begin, but it seemed that everyone had come down to the riverside to gather around the bridge they’d crossed earlier. The two of them had managed to find a relatively quiet spot downstream, in order to get a good view of the lanterns when they would float by. Rey was kneeling in the slightly damp grass, Ben sitting at her side. It was cold here at the waterside, away from the warmth of the village, and their breath misted into the late-night air. But she was so excited that she barely noticed the cold, her eyes trained on the crowd at the bridge. “Oh, I think it’s starting,” she gasped, noticing how a hush of anticipation fell over the crowds, like everyone was holding their breath. And then, music. A beautiful, whimsical tune rose up from the bridge, sending a murmur of movement rippling through everyone present. All along the riverside lanterns flickered to life; they lit up the night like swarms of soaring fireflies, casting hues of gold and orange upon the water. Rey was smiling in wonder, completely entranced as she watched people from every species delicately place their lanterns upon the inky water. And the river became a sky all of its own, a sky of blazing stars. The first lanterns were nearing their spot, like glowing water lilies drifting lazily down the gentle stream. “This is incredible… it’s so beautiful…” she murmured, a sense of amazement sweeping through her, buzzing through her entire body and making her fingertips tingle. Feeling the same sense of wonder rise up from him, she turned to face him, grinning, to find he was already watching her. When their eyes met, he quickly averted his gaze. “Shall we?” He gestured to their lanterns that lay in the grass between them. She nodded and scooted closer. In the hollow between them, they lit their lanterns, the soft glow dancing across their features. Side by side, they leaned forward and placed them upon the water, Rey grinning from ear to ear as theirs soon joined the others in their journey down the river. “I… have something for you,” he said suddenly, and she looked up at him in surprise. “For me?” she asked, puzzled. Silently, he took something from out of an inner pocket, and met her gaze. He had his hood pulled up, and it cast a shadow over most of his face, but as a scattering of lanterns drifted past they highlighted his somber features. Their glow reflected in his eyes, eclipsing the umber into dark amber. He was starkly beautiful, attractive in the way one could name any predator alluring and lethal. And the way he was looking at her with such unwavering intensity sent a thrill coursing through her veins, turning her heart into a luminous beacon all of its own. “Give me your hand,” he said. It took a moment for her to register the words, before she dubiously stretched out her hand towards him. “Close your eyes.” Heart pounding, Rey shut her eyes, feeling his long fingers gently tugging on her sleeve to expose her wrist. Something silky brushed across her skin, and a spark of electricity ran all the way up her arm to ignite warmth in her belly. “There,” he murmured, against the shell of her ear. Lashes fluttering open, she looked down, to see an exquisite, rich-green ribbon tied around her wrist. She froze, pulse fluttering and staggering, caught in the impact of this gesture that she almost couldn’t believe was happening. “I…” Lips parting in wonder, she brought it closer to her eyes to appreciate its magnificent colour – when she noticed the inscription upon its silky material. Her eyes found his. “What does it say?” He quirked a slight smirk, and remained quiet, casting his gaze towards the river. She blinked. “You’re not going to tell me?” When he made no move to reply, she deadpanned, “You’re really not going to tell me!” With an expression lingering somewhere between exasperation, amusement and absolute amazement, she resolutely stared at him until he finally looked back at her. They were so close; their noses almost touching, her shoulder was brushing against his, his hand pressing into the grass just beside hers. All she would have to do is lean slightly forward, and she would feel him against her, melt into the warmth she could feel radiating from him– All these daring thoughts came to a halt as he gave a wolfish smirk. “If you learn how to read then I won’t have to tell you.” She latched onto the playfulness rising between them, hoping to diminish the almost overwhelming desire of her heart. “And how long is that going to take? I want to know now!” “All in good time.” “All in good time?” She teasingly bumped his shoulder with hers. “You give me this beautiful gift and yet you won’t tell me what it says? I really don’t understand how your mind works.” He was grinning, and it made her want to do very stupid things, if only it would keep that expression upon his face. The moment lingered, their eyes remaining locked in an unwavering stare, and then he was suddenly taking her ribbon-tied wrist and a rush of affection came spilling from him through their bond, leaving her momentarily dazed and wondering just how closely he’d been keeping his feelings locked away this whole time. Or, perhaps not locked away, but denied . “It is a selfish of me to think that perhaps, one day, when you look back on this night,” he held up her wrist within the sliver of space between them, “You will remember this , and know the words that I gave you, I meant with every part of my dark soul.” She frowned, disliking the solemn edge to his intent words. “Ben– “ “No.” Intensity bloomed in his eyes, and while one hand was still holding onto her wrist, the other reached up to cup her face. “You don’t understand. You find beauty in this world, little bird… And all I do is seek its destruction.” She was shaking her head. “That’s not true–“ “It is,” he said firmly. Torment and restraint was simmering against her senses as he cradled her hand against his chest. But she fanned her fingers over his heart, and a pulse of her affection for him flared from her, unbidden and uncontrolled, but in that moment she couldn’t care less. He was shaking his head, his forehead coming to rest against hers, her fondness met with so much conflict and pain that it made her physically ache. “I am not worthy of this. Not any of this…” “ Ben …” she whispered breathlessly. “You are .” He met her eyes, and his were so unguarded, so open, that for the first time she truly felt as though she could see what he was feeling within his eyes, and not through their bond alone. His free hand rose up to feather-lightly trail across her jaw before his slender fingers tangled into her hair. “You make me want impossible things, Rey.” He was leaning in, his warm breath ghosting across her skin as he whispered against her lips, “You make me careless . And you change … everything .” And then, he claimed her lips. A firework of heat exploded in her chest, a jolt of desire crashing through her to collide with his, sending sparks of yearning and lust and euphoria scattering through her like falling stars. Her long lashes drifted shut as she melted into the kiss, losing herself in the bliss of his warm mouth. His lips were soft but he was kissing her hard, fervently , his fingers gripping in her hair, her own hands somehow reaching up to tangle into his. And then his tongue brushed against her lower lip, and a moan snagged in the back of her throat, heat unspooling from her core, intensifying with the searing satisfaction rolling off of him. Somehow she ended up pinned in the grass, her body leaning back against the slope and he was pressed against her, his knees braced on either side of her, his tall form stretched over hers. His warm tongue swirled against hers, causing her to shudder with pleasure, and the only thought that could register was that he tasted like apple pie. She’d never felt like this before, like every part of her was burning and tingling and screaming for his touch. As their lips momentarily parted, she drew a trembling, frenzied inhale, feeling his fingers weave through hers as he pinned one of her hands above her head. His mouth was tracing a line of fire down her throat and with an unrestrained moan falling from her lips her back arched, hips rolling against his. The resulting wave of pleasure that crashed forth from him was so intense she saw stars, certain she was about to black out. Her mind was still soaring as he suddenly pulled away slightly, his entire body going ridged. A twinge of panic shot down her spine, bringing her sharply back to earth. Had she done something wrong? But he was quick to place a shaking kiss to her forehead. “No. You definitely didn’t do anything wrong.” “Then what is it?” she asked, concernedly peering up at him, her free hand reaching up to tenderly caress his cheek in the hope that he would look at her. And he did. His hood framed him against the starry sky, his raven hair hanging wildly around his face. But his eyes – his eyes was blazing with something so dark, so heated, that her body instinctively reacted to it, causing a flare of pleasure to unfurl up her spine and draw a trembling gasp from her throat. He was restraining himself – he was holding back with everything he had, and it was inciting her heartbeat, her arousal, her desire. It was daring her to lock her hands around his neck and draw him back down to her lips, to let her hands rove across his chest, to rock her hips against his– “ Rey ,” he growled, low and deep, dipping his head into the crook of her shoulder and sending gooseflesh spreading across her heated skin. “If we do not stop right this instant, I cannot be held accountable for my actions.” Their breathing was loud, and she’d forgotten about the cold and the river and the lanterns and the people all around them. The grass was damp at her back, cool against her burning skin. He rolled onto his side beside her, and looked intently into her eyes. “And I do not wish to ravage you in front of an audience.” Despite the seriousness of his words and their rousing effect, a laugh bubbled up from her throat, and she pressed the back of her hand against her mouth in the hope to stem the laughter. She curled into him, feeling his arms wrap around her, and she knew that she would remember that night for the rest of her life. Notes: I don’t think there will be another chapter for a little while, seeing as I have a ton of university work I need to do the next two weeks. So please, bear with me. I will not abandon this story. Thank you for reading, and if you have some time, please consider leaving some feedback! A moodboard for this chapter can be found here. Chapter 11 : Magnetic Notes: And here I am, after a month of silence. I apologize for the long wait, and I am also so thankful for your patience and your continued encouragement. The response I received on the last chapter blew me away. I cannot thank you guys enough. And more than 200 kudos! I never imagined this story would get such incredible feedback. It's because of you that I continue to write this, I hope you know that. I thank you from the bottom of my heart. This fic is now rated mature. The beginning of this chapter includes some smuttiness. They don’t have sex yet, as I have something particular planned for that later on. This is the first time I've written a scene like this, and I worked very hard to get it right. It gave me sleepless nights and tons of stress and I still feel it could have been better, but I hope it is at least somewhat enjoyable... If you're not into reading smut, then just scroll down to the first divider. You won't miss anything important, but you will miss out on some cuteness in between all the sexiness. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 11: Magnetic Hold me now, 'Til the fear is leaving, I am barely breathing. Crying out, These tired wings are falling, I need you to catch me Hold me now, Red With every step towards the inn, Rey’s heart pounded harder and harder. Ben was walking at her side, and each time his arm brushed against hers a spark of electricity flickered through her pulse. Her stomach was in knots, her palms clammy. The whole world fell away; the beauty of the festival, the people around them, the din of the music – it all faded into the night. The inn was almost empty now; only a handful of patrons were still sitting at the bar. Rey paused, and his hand came to rest at the small of her back, a coal of fire that remained all the way up the stairs. Only when they reached their room did he let go to insert the key and open the door. She swallowed, stepping past him into the chamber. The innkeeper had not been exaggerating. The room was indeed small and cramped. The single, round window let in the glow of the lights outside, softly lighting the room to display a double-bed pressed into the corner and a tiny dresser leaning against the opposite wall. To their left was a narrow doorway, probably leading to a bathroom. Rooted to the spot, Rey drew a long inhale through her nose, her arms folding tightly across her chest. Behind her, the door clicked shut and her breath stilled inside her throat. They were alone. Completely alone. Which was such a bizarre thing to think, because they've been alone for every day of the past week – and now she was noticing? Where had her confidence fled to? The confidence that had reassured him he was worthy of this? Somewhere, between the riverbank and the inn, it seemed to have abandoned her… The floor creaked as he neared, and heat crept up her spine as his chest pressed against her back. Her mouth went dry, her heart staggering. He swept her hair back from her neck and nuzzled his nose in the crook of her shoulder, his breath ghosting across her skin. With warm lips, he pressed slow kisses all along the slope of her neck, sending a molten thrill shuddering down her spine. Eyes fluttering shut, she tilted her head, allowing him better access and he rewarded her by swirling his hot tongue against the tender spot just below her jaw, drawing a soft gasp from her throat. Heat was building between her legs, stronger and more demanding than any arousal she'd ever experienced before. And then, his lips grazed the shell of her ear and she went weak in his arms, melting back against his chest with a yielding moan. He chuckled, the sound rumbling down her spine. Settling his hands settled on her hips, he turned her around to face him. A jolt of excitement made her heart leap; his eyes were like smouldering embers, alight with the desire searing her senses. Wetting her lower lip with the tip of her tongue, she reached up and gently drew back his hood, allowing the heavy material to pool around his shoulders. Fingertips drifting down, she feather-lightly trailed them across his chest. His heart leapt against her palms; a pulse of unguarded affection resonating through her. It robbed her of breath; her eyes squeezing shut. Her head was swimming with the intensity of the emotions filling them both. It was impossible to think straight, and yet a stab of nerves managed to pierce through the haze. Fear, uncertainty, doubts, they cut like shards of ice– But then, with the tip of his index finger, he tilted her chin up, forcing her to look up at him. And everything else fell out of focus until it was only him and the intensity of his gaze and the harshness of his breathing and the inviting curve of his mouth. He leaned in, and claimed her lips. In a heartbeat, she melted into the kiss. It was soft and tender, a gentle rhythm in which she could appreciate the alluring fullness of his lips and the way his fingers were digging desperately into her hips. She reached up, wrapped her arms around his neck and buried her fingers in his hair. Oh, but she was dying for more. On a daring impulse, she brushed her tongue against his plump, lower lip, longing to taste him. She felt the moan at the back of his throat rather than heard it, and he returned her dare by coaxing her lips wider and slipping his tongue into her mouth to dance with hers. Hot desire flared from their kiss, inflaming their movement with fervour. Her fingers tightened into his hair, his arms curved around her waist, her body arched into his. With a snagged breath, he broke away, but before she could blink he leaned down and grabbed her thighs, picking her up in a single swift motion. A soft squeak escaped from her lips and her legs wrapped around his waist as he carried her towards the bed. He laid her down, her loose hair spilling like ink across the sheets. Lying beneath him like this, she felt small. Open, vulnerable. She could feel it turning him on; the sight of her pale throat, of her parted lips, of her heaving chest. There was something predatory in the essence of him, and yet he traced gloved fingertips along the swoop of her jaw so tenderly, so lovingly, almost like he feared she might break. The pad of his thumb brushed across her lower lip, and she exhaled, lips parted and wanting. His reaction bloomed within her; a firework of need so strong it made her heart stop. With a soft hiss between bared teeth, he withdrew, sitting back on his knees to pin her in his unwavering gaze. His own chest was heaving, his pulse jumping in the hollow of his throat. Then he was tugging off his clothing over his head, until he was only in his long-sleeved shirt. It left his hair in disarray, raven strands falling wildly across his face. A pulse of desire throbbed between her legs, causing her fingers to clasp into the bedding as she bit her lower lip. By the stars, did he have any idea how sexy he was? He leaned forward, hands pressing into the mattress on either side of her, and all at once her vulnerability bubbled back to the surface. Could she really do this? There had never been anyone before him. She was completely inexperienced. And what if this was all just a huge mistake? “Rey?” She stared up at him, trying to find her voice. “You're afraid,” he murmured, gazing into her eyes. “Yes,” she whispered. “...Of me?” Her heart clenched. The openness in the husky lilt of his tone made her want to throw her arms around him right then and there. It made her want to kiss him like she’d never get another chance. And yet her body was frozen, unwilling to move. Not in the way you're thinking , she said through their connection. He caressed her cheek, his eyes flickering between hers. She waited, simultaneously dreading and hoping for the moment he figured it out. “You've never...” He let out a little breath, a brief frown twitching between his brows. “You've never been with anyone before.” A mixture of disbelief and wonder rose up from him and her eyes squeezed shut. She was trembling now, excitement mingled with fear. But she did not know what she feared most: the intimacy itself or having him be her first. This man, who had the power to tear her soul to shreds. Or, perhaps she was afraid of how badly she wanted this, how badly she wanted him. She was afraid of the emotions he evoked in her; afraid that when this was all over, he'd cast her aside– His lips brushed against hers, warm and sweet. Her eyes flew open, only to flutter shut again when he deepened the kiss. It was different from the heated and fiery one on the riverbank – it was languid and tender, and made her burn in an entirely different way. Slow, but blindingly hot. Breaking the kiss with a soft breath, he lied down beside her and leaned his forehead against her temple. Twining their fingers together, he laid their joined hands upon her ribs, his thumb stroking soothing circles across her hand. “Rey. I want you. All of you. But I'm not going to do anything you're not ready for.” A thrill cascaded through her, chasing away some of the anxiety. “I want to… I just… This is all a little fast and… I don’t know.” She swallowed. “I guess this means you’ve… been with someone?” His thumb stilled. “It was a long time ago. And insignificant.” Something cold stirred through her chest, wondering how he could say that about an act that should be meaningful and intimate and memorable. Or was she foolish for thinking so? After all, what did she know of such things? The icy feeling tightened inside of her, but then he gently clasped her chin and turned her face towards his, meeting her eyes. “This is different. It is… new for me too. I've never been with anyone who is Force sensitive. And you already know our bond is unique.” And then she felt it. His own fears, lurking beneath the surface. She’d been so preoccupied with her own overwhelming feelings that she hadn’t noticed, but she did now, feeling the anxiety fueling his erratic heartbeat. “Let's take it slow,” he whispered, placing a kiss in her hair, “And see where it leads us.” She closed her eyes and nodded. “Alright.” He brushed his nose against hers before kissing her, long and slow and deep until all of her fears faded away. Maker, she could lose herself in his lips, in his hand fanning across her stomach, in the warmth of his body and the feel of his skin beneath her fingers as she grasped his neck. Longing for more friction, she hooked her leg over his thigh and turned on her side, arching into him. A stirring of his rising pleasure coursed through her, and without breaking the kiss, he rolled them over until he was on top of her. She moaned at the sensation of his arousal pressing against the sensitive nub between her legs and before long she was eagerly rocking her hips against his. In a tangle of limbs, he helped her slip off her clothing until she was left in her under-shirt. She trailed her hands over his chest, longing to feel his skin against hers and yet uncertain if she had the courage to ask him to take off his shirt. But he smiled against her lips and withdrew to remove his gloves and tug his shirt over his head, leaving him bare from the waist up. Rey stilled. It almost hurt to look at him. From the constellation of freckles across his chest, to the toned contours of muscles beneath taut, pale skin, the ripple of ribs, the narrow dip of his waist, the downy hairs trailing down his navel. He was devastatingly beautiful. And oh how she longed to touch him, and yet her fingers remained clutched against heart, for despite every part of her aching for him, she could barely breathe being faced with how, by her own hands, she had marked him. And he was no less beautiful for it, perhaps even more starkly so, but witnessing the burned crescent across his shoulder, the bandage yet covering the wound at his side, the scar across his face… Her throat grew thick with emotion as her fingers rose on their own to trace across the length of the slash reaching from between his brows to the slant of his jaw. I did this… His fingers caught her hand, and placed a kiss in her palm. “I deserved it.” She flinched, withdrawing her hand. “How can you say that?” “It’s the truth.” She turned her face away, heartbeat constricting. But he caught her chin, making her look back up at him. “You were defending yourself,” he said. “You will carry it for the rest of your life.” “Then I will carry it as a reminder to never fall that low again.” He pressed the flat of her palm against his heart, and whispered, “Touch me.” A potent mixture of hurt and embarrassment rolled through her. But she concentrated on the flutter of his heart against her hand, and allowed herself to feel the pull between them. The pull she’d first felt in the hallway on Starkiller. It was magnetic, and overwhelming, and she was completely at its mercy. She fanned her fingers across his chest and trailed the flat of her palms down the hard planes of his stomach. He was warm, so warm, and it stoked the fiery need in her veins. Her hands roved over him; slipping across his toned arms, tracing his collarbones and shoulders, fluttering over ribs that made him flinch ever so slightly. Her eyes grew wide, lighting up with mirth. “Ticklish, Mister Solo?” He gave a soft grunt. “Of course not.” Corners of her lips quirking up, she raked her nails down his ribs, drawing a hiss from between his bared teeth as he recoiled. Rey giggled, but then he caught her hands and pinned them at her sides, looking at her in a way that made her feel like she might catch fire. “I think it’s my turn now,” he murmured, sending a bolt of pleasure straight to her core. She stilled, and he splayed his hands across her hips. Finally feeling his warm hands against her skin evoked a low moan from her throat. A shallow inhale quivered through her parted lips as he inched his strong hands up her sides before feathering his fingertips across her ribs in a return of her torture. She giggled, enjoying the quirk of his lips as he ran his hands back down to graze his fingertips across her hipbones. Grasping the hem of her shirt, he flicked his eyes up at her in a silent question. She swallowed thickly. Her heart thrummed, nervous and excited and scared all at once. Closing her eyes, she nodded. He slipped the thin shirt over her head. The air was cool and sent shivers racing across her skin as she covered her arms across her chest. She was still wearing her breast-band, but despite the vulnerability at being exposed before him – and even the embarrassment over her simple, frayed underwear – it was the scar across her lower ribs that made her want to disappear into the mattress. It was such a jagged, ugly thing; a testament to that horrible night her friend had died. And for a heart-stopping moment, she waited for even the slightest hint of revulsion from him – but it never came. He leaned in, raven locks tickling her skin, and placed kisses all along her forearms. “Let me see you,” he murmured. Her breathing came quick. Her heart pounded. But he waited. He waited, and he nuzzled his nose into her neck and stroked his thumb along her jaw and she did not know if he was aware of it, but his whole being radiated affection. Affection and light and want . She relaxed in his arms, and reached behind her to untie the string of her breast-band. She slipped it off, tossing it aside. He slid warm hands to her wrists and pinned them above her head, causing her chest to arch and her perky breasts to rise into the cool air. His eyes roved over her body and she felt his hunger at the sight of her; felt his desire throb between his legs. Looking into her eyes, a soft laugh tumbled from his lips. “How have I been so blind… when you’re the most beautiful thing in this entire galaxy?” Butterflies rushed through her belly, inciting her need. Then he lowered his head, hair tickling her skin as he licked a line of fire across her collarbone. His breath was warm and so was his hands as he cupped her breasts. She gasped and shuddered, and he took a nipple in his mouth to swirl his hot tongue over the sensitive bud. A pleading cry fell through her lips at the tugging of pleasure down between her legs. “Ben,” she moaned. She felt his satisfaction at her pleasure as he moved over to her other breast, lavishing it with the same attention. He licked and nipped and kissed her breasts and her scar, all with such attentive tenderness that before long her entire body was tingling, her hips squirming, her hands tangling into his messy hair. A moan caught in the back of her throat and she tipped her head back, and then he was there, kissing along her pulse throbbing beneath her pale skin. She wrapped her arms around his neck and drew him in for a passionate kiss, pressing her breasts against his chest and rolling her hips against his. Feeling his skin against hers was driving her mad with need, and her hands could no longer stay still. She was dying to do some exploring of her own. She trailed her hands down his back, feeling his muscles flex and ripple beneath her touch. He laid down beside her and her exploring continued, as did his. Emboldened as he undid her trousers, she inched her hands down to his waistband, and stroked her hand across his hard length. She swallowed his resulting moan, and it made her grin, and she felt both surprise and satisfaction flare from him. She tried to undo his pants without breaking the kiss but she couldn’t get them open without looking down at what she was doing. A soft laugh fell between them as he reached down and undid his trousers himself. Grabbing her wrist, he guided her hand inside. Her fingers brushed against his cock; he was hard and ready, and the moment her fingers curled around him she felt an untamed flicker of pleasure burn her senses. “Rey,” he growled into her neck. A smirk tugged at the corner of her mouth – the tiniest bit of her power in her hands – and her heart danced to a dizzying rhythm to the unexpected exhilaration it sparked in her veins. With his hand guiding hers, she began stroking him, up and down. Before long, he withdrew to let her discover him on her own. Every part of her was honed in on him as she paid attention to every little flicker of response she gained through their connection. Wrapping her hand firmly around him she gyrated her touch; firm and languid, hard and slow. His fingers were digging into her hip, his forehead pressed into the crook of her shoulder, his panting breaths spilling over her skin. It was the tiniest bit intoxicating, seeing him like this, so responsive to her every touch– He grasped her wrist, stopping her movements. “Wait,” he breathed against his neck. And then a breathless chuckle rumbled through his chest, sending shivers racing up her spine. “I should have known you’d be a fast learner.” She bit her lip through her smile and caught his gaze. “I find I like pleasing you.” “And I you,” he whispered, and he dipped his fingers below the waistband of her pants. His fingertips fanned over her mound, brushing through the soft curls to graze across the sensitive bundle of nerves at her apex. An inhale shuddered through her nose. Locking his gaze with hers, he rubbed his fingers against her, slow and deliberate and gentle. Then he slid his fingers lower, curling into her folds, and a deep groan escaped his throat at the same moment a gasp was drawn from hers. She was hot and slick, and her hips rose ever so slightly to meet his touch. “Fuck,” he growled, and his utter ecstasy at finding her so aroused only further inflamed her need. He delved his fingers deep, rubbing and stroking and feeding the escalating coil of hunger building in her lower belly. “Ben,” she moaned, burying her face against his chest. “Please.” She was a quivering mess when she reached for his cock again, stroking him with the same rhythm he was pumping into her. Her hips were rising and falling with his rhythm now, bucking and grinding down on his fingers, chasing the building heat of pleasure whilst she murmured his name over and over and mewled and whimpered, making sounds she’d never heard herself making before. Her movements became erratic, sloppy, all she could think of his fingers and how good it was making her feel. His breaths were coming hard, panting into her neck, and before she knew it a coil of heat was unfurling between her legs, sending ripples of pleasure shooting up her spine, making her body arch against him. She cried out, pressing her forehead somewhere against his chest, and then it was happening all at once, a wave of pleasure rising up to crash through them both and send them over the edge. His breath hitched and she felt the growl reverberating from deep within his chest as he came. And all she could think was that he was so damn beautiful; the way his eyes were blazing, the wild tangles of his hair, the way every muscle was strained taut beneath moon-pale skin. Their gazes locked as a strangled moan spilled from his lips, manifesting into a breathless Rey before he crushed his lips against hers and made her see stars. For several long moments she was soaring, quivering against him with snagged breaths. He was panting, his entire body trembling. He collapsed onto his back beside her. Her stomach and her forearm was covered in his warm, sticky release and suddenly she was shaking with euphoric laughter. His gaze snapped to hers, mirth blooming in tender umber eyes. “Not what you were expecting?” She slowly shook her head, smiling. “No. It was better. Better than anything I’d ever imagined.” He rolled over to press his lips against hers in a sweet kiss. “And it only gets better from here.” Then he stood up, and buttoned his trousers before disappearing through the narrow doorway beside the dresser. Her limbs felt heavy and yet light, calling her to slumber, but after a moment he came back out, carrying a washcloth. Sitting down beside her, he wiped it across her stomach and her arm, the cloth cool against her heated skin. It was such a simple gesture. And yet the very fact that he could show her such tenderness… It made her heart ache and swell with feelings she’d never experienced before. When they were both clean, he laid down beside her and wrapped her in his arms, pressing his forehead against hers. Her palms came to rest against his chest, the silk of the ribbon brushing against his ribs as his heart thudded beneath her fingertips. Kylo lay awake beside her, watching the first, faint light spill through the hazy window. She was still sleeping, her head resting upon his chest, his fingers trailing through her silky hair. He’d barely slept a wink. He’d listened to her feathered breathing, felt her peaceful heartbeat against his ribs. And all the while a darkness pressed at the edge of his mind; a darkness that threatened to make him regret all of it and consume him in a choking panic. He’d never cared about anyone other than himself. He hadn’t thought he was still capable of caring for anyone else. And then, he’d kissed her, and his whole world shattered. How was there any going back now? How could anything ever be the same when he’d come to know the taste of her lips, the softness of her skin? When he’d found that beneath her fire, she was shy and scared and yet she’d trusted him so implicitly like she’d done from the very beginning. Maker, it only made him want her more. He wanted to know every inch of her, to learn exactly how to worship her. Last night… Being with her… experiencing her feelings like they belonged to him… The joy, the yearning, the vulnerability and the need for him, trusting him not to hurt her, of wanting him to be her first because she’d never felt this way about anyone… Stars, it had driven him mad with desire and yearning and the incredible sensation of being completely at her mercy and just not giving a damn. Like she could do with his heart whatever she wished and it would be more than he could ever hope for. And, above all, the way she’d called his name... never Kylo Ren, but Ben , and how, for the first time, it hadn’t torn at his soul but made him feel alive . It was terrifying. All of it. The darkness pressed and wrapped around his heart in an icy hold, mocking him with regrets and doubts. What was he thinking? He couldn’t do this. How could he let her trust him, depend on him, when he could not even trust himself? He could never be the man she deserved. He was a monster, and, perhaps even worse, a coward. For deep down, he couldn’t bear the thought that someday her eyes would fill with that same fear, that disbelief that he’d betrayed her after all – that same look that had flashed in his father’s eyes when the lightsaber pierced his heart– Rey stirred in her sleep, a soft moan escaping her lips as her hand brushed across his chest. For a fleeting moment the ice was banished, and a flare of heat and fondness beckoned him to let everything go, to let it go and follow her wherever she led him. But it could never be that simple. The darkness swelled, obliterating her light, and brought forth the words that had been haunting him all this time. If you fail me, Kylo Ren, there will be nowhere in the galaxy you will ever be safe from my wrath. The memory robbed him of breath as the panic drove him out of bed. He stood at the bedside with his back towards her, fists at his sides, heart pounding against his ribs. Moments slipped by before he turned to look down at her. She had curled into herself, one hand tucked beneath her chin, the other reaching across the spot where he’d lain beside her. The ribbon gleamed emerald in the hazy light falling across the bed. He did not know when the words he’d inscribed on its silk had become real. If it was from the very first moment in the hallway, or every moment after. Quietly, he dressed, and slipped out the door. Soft tendrils of mist had risen up from the river during the night to cloak the town in a gentle embrace. The streets were a stark contrast to the night before – he was a solitary figure walking past empty market stalls and quiet homes, and his footsteps echoed through the silence as he made his way towards the trader’s establishment. When he arrived he found the door was already open. Frowning, he stepped inside and glanced at his surroundings. The workshop was spacious and neat, with gleaming machinery, clean table tops and tall shelves stacked with tidy, labeled boxes. There was no one behind the counter but Kylo sensed someone in the back room. With slow strides, he moved past the counter and peered through the doorway. Ah. So the mess was in the back – dust and parts and broken droids and a half-finished project that looked like someone intended to make a dragon out of scrap metal. At the center of the chaos stood the Cathar, his back turned to the doorway. His mane was no longer tied in ribbons but pulled back into a simple knot and he was wearing a dirty apron over a plain tunic. Leaning his shoulder against the doorframe, Kylo recalled the name on the sign outside. “Master J’skar, I presume?” Without turning to look back at him, the Cathar chuckled deeply. “I had a feeling you’d show up early.” He was stooped over a pile of scrap, picking up bits and pieces, inspecting them, and tossing some into a box while others went into a pile in the corner. “And it’s just J’skar, sonny.” Kylo arched a brow. “I was under the impression you wouldn't be open until this afternoon.” “And yet, here you are,” J’skar said as he faced him, his feline features tugged into a grin displaying his fangs. Kylo gave a soft snort. “Do you have the transpacitor?” “Straight to business, eh? And where is that bonnie lass of yours?” His forehead twisted into a scowl. “Asleep.” “Ah, nothing more beautiful than a sated woman.” The heat creeping across his face was surely not a blush. He set his jaw, fixing the trader with a searing gaze. “Do you have the part I need or not?” “Of course, sonny. Already cleaned it up for you. You’re in luck - it's in perfect condition.” Wiping his paws on his apron, J’skar gestured to the transpacitor lying on a dusty countertop. “Good,” Kylo said with a firm nod. “There is something else, however. Do you happen to know some of the stall owners from last night? There are... certain wares I would like to acquire. And I am in need of two mounts.” Chuckling, J’skar crossed his arms over his wide chest. “And how do you plan on trading for all of this?” “Would a working hovercraft suffice?” Raising bushy eyebrows, J’skar tilted his head. “A hovercraft, hm? Neverant hasn't had a working hovercraft in years… Mind if I take a look at it?” “Certainly. It is beyond the hills across the river.” “Good, then we can talk while we walk. Come, tell me of the other goods you require.” They stepped back into the street, heading in the direction of the bridge. “There was a man selling quarterstaves last night,” Kylo said. “I would like to acquire one. A specific one, if it hasn't been sold already.” “Hm. A man who carries two lightsabers does not seem to me to be in need of a quarterstaff, if you ask me.” The teasing lilt of that gravelly tone was unmistakable. Kylo scowled, but another grin was quick to spread across J’skar’s features. “But if it’s so important that you’re willing to trade a working hovercraft for it… I’ll go wake up ol' Moondock once we get back.” They walked in silence, until they neared the archway leading out of town. “You know, son. I never thought you'd come back here,” J’skar said. “Not after what happened all of those years ago. And especially not with a young woman at your side.” Kylo came to a halt, his boots scuffing upon the ground. Those keen, golden eyes were looking back at him in the same calculating way as last night. Why hadn’t he realized it before? “You know who I am.” The trader quirked a grin. “Of course. Your energy is unlike any other I've ever encountered.” A severe frown twisted across his brow. “But you are not Force sensitive.” J’skar gave a dismissive wave of his paw. “No, but my wife was. Being married to a Force-sensitive teaches you a couple of things, let me tell you, sonny.” “She was?” Kylo asked. “She died many years ago, a couple of moons after the birth of our youngest daughter.” “I... am sorry to hear that,” he found himself saying. J’skar nodded, and they began walking again. “It's been a long time since I've spoken about her.” “Did she not wish to train her Force abilities?” “Ah, she did, she did. At least… until I asked her to marry me.” “So she gave it up for a family,” Kylo said, unable to keep the note of derision from creeping into his tone. “The Cathar make excellent Force warriors. She could have been powerful.” “Oh, certainly,” the trader replied, catching his gaze. “But is power the only thing that matters?” Kylo’s gaze veered away as he thought of a girl marveling at the rain because it was the first rainstorm she’d ever seen. He thought of a warm hand holding his, of slender arms that curved around him when he no longer had the strength to stand on his own. He thought of her always coming towards him, even when the whole world would have turned away. He knew the answer he should give. The answer he would have given if someone had asked him this same question scarcely two weeks ago. And yet… They were crossing the bridge when the Cathar spoke again. “I suppose you are familiar with the story of where the Force originated from?” He grunted. “Of course. But I suspect you’re going to tell me anyway.” J’skar gave a deep, rumbling chuckle. “It is said that, once, at the beginning of time, there was a beautiful, flowering tree. Beneath its far-reaching branches, two children were playing – a boy and a girl. They were the best of friends, and would meet at the tree every day. Then, one day, the boy realised something. He noticed that whenever he was near the tree, he gained new abilities… strange things he hadn’t been able to do before. He could move things with his mind, could sense the presence of his friend, feel the world around him like a living tapestry…” They were at the top of the hill now, and J’skar paused beneath the first trees. “And so the story goes, that the boy began thinking of reasons that the girl should no longer accompany him to the tree. He wanted to go there alone, so he could practice these new abilities without her knowing about it. But then, the girl followed the boy as he snuck off on his own. When he discovered her, he became angry, and with his new powers, he struck her down.” J’skar paused, gazing down at the sleepy town. “The boy thought the girl to be dead, and he left. But she wasn’t dead. She’d known of the tree’s powers all along, but too late did she realize what those powers had done to her friend. From that day on, there was forever a rift between the two, and so… the light and dark sides were born.” “Like I said, I’ve heard the story,” Kylo said gruffly, his hands tightening into fists at his sides. “But that is all it is – a story.” “Perhaps,” the Cathar shrugged. “Who are we to discredit it?” Kylo’s eyes narrowed as his lips tugged into a sneer. “What is your point, old man? You know who I am and yet you allow me walk amongst your fellow townsfolk. You insist we attend your festival. You tell me about your wife. You tell me this fanciful story. What is it that you’re getting at?” Those golden eyes became pensive, almost somber. “I watched you that day when your soldiers attacked the villagers in the fields. When you arrived, every single Stormtrooper stopped. Like one man, they all stopped. And I might not be Force-sensitive, but I could feel it – the fear that snapped through them. Fear like that? It doesn’t just come from nowhere – it’s ingrained . And then I watch you last night – I watch the way that lass looks at you and I wonder what you will choose. To be feared, or to be loved?” J’skar shook his head. “I can see the confusion in your eyes, son. I don’t blame you for wondering why I would tell you all this. I suppose the only answer I can give you is that it is what my wife would have done. She always went out of her way to help everyone who crossed her path. You asked if she didn’t want to train her Force abilities… But the Force can be used for so much more than simply defeating one’s enemies.” He reached out and laid a heavy, golden paw upon Kylo’s shoulder. “Not many are privileged enough to receive a second chance in this life, Kylo Ren. Do not waste it.” When she woke up, the first thing she saw was the ribbon around her wrist. A smile tugged at her lips and the memories of the previous evening came rushing back, bringing with it a coil of pleasure that unfurled through her belly. She closed her eyes, snuggling back into the blankets – only to have her eyes fly open when she realized there was no comforting warmth at her back. She turned around. He was gone. But the spot beside her was not empty. Atop the covers lay a quarterstaff – the same quarterstaff she'd admired the night before – the one that had reminded her of her quarterstaff back home. She blinked, stunned. Breathlessly, her lips parted and she reached out. Her fingers grasped the lacquered wood as she gazed down at it in wonder, her heart racing with a rush of emotions. Ben . A moment, and then his presence engulfed her mind as though he was embracing her in his arms. Good morning, little bird . Her heart skipped a beat. Where are you? Finishing up my business with the trader… Do you like your gift? I… I don’t have any words. A slow smile curved across her mouth. Perhaps I can show my appreciation when you get back? I'll be right there. She could practically hear the smirk in his tone. Grinning, she fell back against the pillows, biting her lip through her smile. “Let me get this straight...” Rey said, staring down at Kylo where he was lying beside her on the bed. “You traded the hovercraft for the transpacitor, the quarterstaff and two mounts. Mounts we'll be sending back once we arrive at the TIE fighter.” “That’s correct.” She shook her head. “So basically you traded a working hovercraft for a quarterstaff and a transpacitor, seeing as we won’t be keeping the mounts anyway.” “Mhm,” he purred into her neck, his fingers trailing through her hair. She propped herself onto her hand, pinning him with an intent look. “But… why? Why would you go through all this extra trouble, when for all this time, all you’ve wanted to do was get the ship fixed as soon as possible?” He met her eyes, and for a long moment he remained motionless, before he slowly reached out to caress her cheek. “Because it is a good weapon that will serve you well. You might not be able to go back to Jakku any time soon, but you’d need something to defend yourself with in the meantime.” She searched his solemn eyes, wondering how he always managed to conceal his kindnesses within practicality. Somehow, it only made him so much more endearing. Fondness bloomed inside her chest as a warm smile spread across her lips, and then she was leaning forward and wrapping her arms around his neck as she buried her face in the crook of his shoulder. “Thank you. Thank you, so much.” With his strong arms curving around her, he pulled her close against him, his hands warm against her back. She breathed in his scent, wishing they could stay in that tiny room – and that little sliver of a moment – forever. A little while later, after they’d shared a simple, late breakfast, Rey gathered their plates and stacked them onto the tray she’d left on the dresser. Turning to face him, she entwined her fingers in front of her. He was sitting on the edge of the bed, watching her, and with a soft sigh she went to sit down beside him. “There is something I want to ask,” she said. “Go on.” “Just… don’t bite my head off?” The faintest smile quirked at the corner of his mouth as he swept a lock of hair from her forehead. “I can’t make any promises.” She narrowed her eyes playfully before releasing another sigh. “I... still don’t understand why you were so upset about the song. I never wanted to upset you. In fact, I’d been trying to help and then I somehow made things worse. And it’s been bothering me ever since.” For a moment he held her gaze in that intense way of his, before he hummed beneath his breath, absently twirling a strand of her hair around his fingertip. “From that first night… I’d had this… dream. I am walking through an orchard, towards a beautiful tree at the end. Sunlight is filtering through the branches. I feel at peace. And the song, the melody you were humming… It is the very core of everything around me.” He laid his fingers against her cheek. “I thought it was you deliberately placing it in my head. That it was just... a trick.” “But why would you think that?” A breathless laugh huffed between his lips. “Because everything about that dream makes me think of you .” Warmth spilled through her, and he lightly twined his fingers through hers, looking down to where he rested their joined hands on his thigh. “When I was young, my parents used to read me bedtime stories. My mother would do the reading, and my… father would act out scenes. Jedi knights vanquishing their enemies, a brave space explorer finding a beautiful treasure. Silly things.” Rey felt the somberness seeping into him, and it made her heart thrum as she listened raptly. “And then... I began getting nightmares. Certainly any child has nightmares at some point in their childhood, but mine were…” He shook his head, letting out a huff of breath through his nose. “They got so bad that I went without sleep for days on end. Eventually I would simply pass out from exhaustion. My parents dealt with it in their separate ways, like they did with everything else. Some nights my mother would let me sleep beside her, and on others my father would take me onto the Falcon to let me sleep there.” A smile ghosted across his lips. “Those times, when we would go flying simply for the sake of it... those were the only times I was ever happy.” Rey swallowed, pressing her lips slightly as she drew a steadying breath through her nose. That he was sharing this with her… It made her realize how far they’ve come in a very short while. He gave her hand a squeeze, meeting her eyes. “You said you've known the song for as long as you could remember… you cannot recall who taught it to you?” She shook her head. “No, I’m sorry. I’ve always had the feeling that it has something to do with my mother... but I cannot be certain.” “Hm. I wonder. You cannot remember anything about your parents?” “No,” she sighed softly. “I do not know how old I was when I came to Jakku. I can remember most of that day, but what came before it... it's all a blur. Nothing discernible. Believe me, for years I’ve tried to remember something. Anything. But nothing has ever come to me. Not even a face.” He remained thoughtfully quiet and the gloominess that fell across his features made her playfully bump her shoulder against his. “Stop brooding,” she said. “Brooding? I do not brood.” “It is literally what you do all day long.” Before she could even blink he pinned her into the mattress beneath him, drawing a soft squeak of surprise from her throat, her eyes going wide. But she quickly sobered as he lowered his head beside her, his lips brushing the shell of her ear in a whisper. “I have something else I'd like to do all day long.” Her eyes were fluttering shut when his fingers assaulted her sides in a surprise tickle attack. She let out a squeal of laughter, writhing beneath him as she tried to avoid his hands. “Ben! Stop it!” Laughter, rumbling and deep, spilled out of him. The sound made her weak, sending butterflies rushing through her belly to the very tips of her toes. It made her still beneath his hands, and he stopped, looking straight into her eyes. “We should get ready to leave, or else I might be tempted to lock that door and throw away the key.” A breathless laugh fell from her lips, warmth creeping up her spine as he echoed the same wish she’d had earlier. “That doesn’t sound so bad to me… But I guess you’re right. And I want to shower before we go.” Leaning in, he brushed his lips along her neck. “I might join you.” Her body begged to betray her, but she playfully shoved him away. “Another day, Mister Solo.” They slept beneath the stars that night. The trader had told Kylo to watch the mounts – Carrion Spats, the locals called them. If they seemed restless, cold weather was rapidly approaching. But the bird-like creatures only seemed as tired as he felt, and so he and Rey made a fire beneath a slight outcropping of rock, and lay side by side, staring up at the sky. They spoke of everything aside from the thing that lay at the bottom of his ribs. He knew she sensed it. There was a… strained edge to her, as though she was forcing herself to think of anything else other than the very thing that bothered them both. And so they gazed at the stars, tracing their fingers across the vast dome. She fell asleep some time after but he still lay staring up into the night, listening to the dying crackle of the fire and fought the fatigue that dragged at his bones. Tomorrow they would be back at the TIE fighter. Tomorrow he'd need to decide what to do. And despite the words of the trader that morning, he was at a loss. The story of the Force’s origins… The tree and the girl and the boy… Snoke’s warning lingering like a snake in the darkness. All of it served to make his head spin. He wanted her. By all the stars in this galaxy, he wanted her, more than he’d ever wanted anything else. Yet he simply couldn’t see how that would ever become possible. How could there be a future for them, after everything he’s done? And though he could sense much through their bond, there was still a lot he did not know, or understand. They had not spoken of feelings. They had not spoken of confessions. Once the TIE fighter was fixed… He would need to ask her to give him the last piece of the map. That alone twisted his stomach into knots. How was he meant to find a way ahead without undoing this one thing in his entire life that had ever made him feel like he was worth more than the darkness of the Force flowing through him? And then, once he had the map... What in the blazing hells was he supposed to do then? Walk up to his uncle and apologize for killing Han Solo? He wanted to laugh. There was not enough time or compassion in this galaxy for him to repent for the murder of his father. The blood staining his hands would never wash off. And his uncle... All those years ago, at the Jedi Temple... The memory of that day was still like a blur. One that felt dizzyingly hot and made his head swim whenever he thought of it. The only clear memory he had was of running through the hallways searching for someone. His heart had pounded in his ears, his boots had thudded down the hallways, and he’d been searching, desperately – everywhere. He knew there had been others, others that Snoke had sent to help him accomplish the task of exterminating the Jedi. And yet, when he thought back, he could never remember striking anyone down. He could not recall killing those who had called him brother-in-arms. But one thing he did know. Luke Skywalker could have stopped him. He could have killed him. But, for some reason, he had not. And that's why he'd always intended to get to Skywalker before Hux did. He'd always intended to find the map before Hux got his filthy paws on it. Because he needed to ask his uncle why . Why he hadn't killed him, and what exactly had happened that day. And, maybe then, he'd remember who he'd been searching for. Notes: The creatures, Carrion Spat, are canon. And the story the trader tells Kylo is also based on canon, but I changed it and its implications around to suit my fanfiction. As always, this fanfiction is provided as is. Don’t expect things to work out as they do in canon. If you’re a fan of dark fanfictions, or rey/kylo/hux as a pairing, please read May The Empire Prosper by ReadonRose and give her some support (and do note her warning tags)! A moodboard for this chapter can be found here. Chapter 12 : Snowfall Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Chapter 12: Snowfall "That's the way things come clear. All of a sudden. And then you realize how obvious they've been all along." Madeleine L'Engle The sky was an endless, darkening grey as they halted their mounts atop the rocky ridge. And then, there it was. The TIE fighter, the quarry, the warehouse, the sleek, flat-roofed buildings. Rey’s chest constricted, her hands clenching into the reigns. A sense of homecoming washed through her – which was wonderful, strange and terrifying all at once, for her home had only ever been a solitary roof over her head. But this place was not hers alone. It was theirs . And no matter what the future held, it would always be theirs. The frigid wind came racing across the swaying fields to pluck at their hair and slice through their clothing. Beneath her, the Carrion Spat tripled nervously. Their mounts had been restless and chirping ever since they left their campsite early that morning. Ben mentioned the trader had said the birds’ restlessness meant a blizzard was approaching. At least the clothing she now wore kept out the worst of the cold. Before they’d left the village, the trader’s daughter, Maya, had insisted on giving her some new clothes. At first Rey hadn’t wanted to accept the generous offer – they’d had very little to trade at that point – but now she was glad Maya had persuaded her. The practical, long-sleeved tunic, dark-grey trousers and leather boots was indeed far better suited to the climate than her frayed desert-garb had ever been. She’d kept the coat Ben had given her, and clasped its lapels beneath her chin now as she sent him a sidelong glance. They’d barely spoken a word since waking up. Stars, he’d barely even looked in her direction. And their bond was… quiet. There was a tightness about him, a frailness, like a storm contained beneath cracked glass. But she couldn’t place all the blame on him. Several times now she’d thought to say something, only to change her mind at the last moment. Not a single thing had seemed appropriate to say as a growing sense of dread was spiking icy shards through her stomach, making her retreat into herself. She simply couldn’t shake the feeling that everything was coming to an end. Or that something terrible lay ahead. With a sigh, Rey allowed her mount to follow his as they made their descent towards the windswept dale. She found herself watching the ripple of his cloak, the grace of his form, even mounted upon the bird. He had his hood up, and his back was straight and ridged, eyes trained ahead. Swallowing hard, she sighed once more, eyes seeking the ribbon peeking from beneath her sleeve. She still did not know what its inscription said, but even so, the feel of its silk against her skin was a comfort, a reminder that what had happened between them wasn’t a dream. Even if it felt like they were leaving it behind with every step– No. She squeezed her eyes shut. I’m not giving up. He might not have told her in any exact words how he felt about her. But the feelings she’d sensed through their bond, the night they’d shared in the inn... He did care for her. She had to believe that. Brushing her fingertips over the ribbon one last time, Rey looked up to see the first snowflakes flurry down from the somber, twilight heavens. Snow was falling, covering the earth in shades of white and grey. It was a few hours after they’d gotten back. The house was quiet as Rey sat cross-legged upon the bed, her new quarterstaff balanced across her knees. She was tracing her fingers along the intricate grooves and inlaid metal, becoming familiar with every detail, taking her time to appreciate the beauty and expert craftsmanship. Ben was sitting at the kitchen table, as he had been for hours, alone with his thoughts and his lightsaber. They hadn’t spoken much. She’d had the feeling he’d wanted to be left alone, and she’d made herself scarce. But a moment longer of this silence might drive her mad. Rey wrapped a blanket around her shoulders and stepped through the hallway. Her steps slowed as she came into the kitchen and sent a lingering glance at his back, before she shifted her gaze and moved past him, intending to make a pot of tea. Anything to keep her fingers from feeling like icicles. Her movements were loud in the quiet, the shuffling of feet, the creak of the cupboards, and it made her think back on their first two days in each other’s company. Swallowing hard, she cast those thoughts aside and lightly hummed a made-up tune as she put the water to boil and busied herself with checking their food supplies. But when the water was done and she was pouring it into the teapot, her eyes strayed to him and his lightsaber. When they’d battled each other in that forest, she’d pressed the red, serrated blade into the snow with a ferocious intent. It had waned and crackled beneath the strength of the Force. From his dark scowl, and intense eyes lingering upon the sleek hilt, wondering… “Why does yours look different?” she asked, peering down to the weapon he held in his hands. His was a crossguard blade, while the silver saber only had the single central hilt. To her surprise, he gave a soft, rumbling laugh. With a jolt to her heart, she realised how much she’d missed the sound in its absence. ...How quickly she’d grown fond of it. “ That … is not a very simple or easy question to answer,” he said. “To explain I would have to tell you about the history of the lightsaber itself.” Her eyes crinkled ever so slightly, relieved he was finally speaking to her. “Well. I have time.” A tiny smile quirked at the corner of his mouth and he gestured for her to sit down. She gathered the teapot and two tea cups before taking his invitation. Leaning back in his chair, he began telling her of the lightsaber – that it was ancient weapon, used by both the dark and light sides of the Force – and that it was powered by a Kyber Crystal at its core. Rey listened raptly as she handed him his tea, but his explanation only caused her to have more questions. She asked about the Crystals and he told her of how they grow in the undisturbed places within the galaxy; that they are attuned with the Force and some were so powerful they could be used to power superweapons. He leaned closer, allowing her to get a closer look at the saber. His long, slender fingers feathered across the sleek hilt. “To answer your initial question, I created this lightsaber based on an ancient design. The quillons–“ He tapped each cross-blade with a fingertip. “–Transfers heat and raw power away from the Kyber crystal, and thus lends more stability to the blade. Additionally the quillons make the saber far more difficult to block during duels.” Then he opened the compartment of the crystal itself, and laid it in the center of his palm. “It’s beautiful,” Rey murmured. It was multi-faceted and glowed with a faint red light that cast a soft, crimson hue across his skin. But the two fractures across its center was unmistakable. She swallowed, leaning away. “I… am sorry. For-“ He huffed sharply. “Have I not already told you that you apologize far too much for your own good?” A ghost of a smile tugged at her lips as she gave a small shrug. “Maybe I simply have a lot to apologize for.” Confusion briefly crossed his face, his gaze hardening. “If anyone has a lot to apologize for, it is I.” He looked away then, enclosing the crystal in his fist. “The crystal was unstable before our battle. Its fractures are not your doing alone.” Rey’s fingers tightened around her cup. “And the blue one? Can I see the blue crystal too? “No.” Her eyes flew up, meeting his. “Why not?” she asked. “I answered your question. Do you not think it’s fair that you answer one of mine first?” “Hm.” She narrowed her eyes, inwardly glad he returned to wanting to teach her. “Alright.” “Why do the crystals have different colours?” She blinked. Her lips opened, then shut. “I imagined… they simply grow… that way?” She winced at the severity of his gaze. “Incorrect,” he said. Letting out a soft breath through her nose, she held out her hand. He laid the crystal upon her skin and she took it between forefinger and thumb, raising it against the light as she studied it intently. She could feel the Force hum within its depths; like a heartbeat it pulsed and ebbed, a conduit of great power. She thought for a long moment, before answering. “Maybe the Force user does not choose the colour… rather… the colour chooses them. The colour depends on the way in which they use the Force.” She lowered the crystal, and looked up to see a satisfied look on his face. He nodded. “The Force guides the user to the correct crystal. But all crystals lack colour, until the crystal is chosen. Only then does it gain its colour.” She tilted her head. “Are there only red and blue?” “No. Some become green, white or yellow. Purple is rare. Black is the scarcest of all.” Lowering her gaze to the crystal, she gently brushed her thumb across its crimson facets. “I understand why you chose this one. It is… a lot like you.” A frown twitched between his brows. “Oh?” She looked up. “Powerful. Dangerous…” She smiled. “A little fractured.” She held it out to him, and as he took it, their fingers brushed in a heated moment. “Beautiful and strong in its own right.” He had only slept for a few hours when he woke up. He hadn’t dreamed, and yet his heart was hammering as though he’d been caught in Snoke’s grasp once more. Rey was sleeping soundly beside him, her slender form curved into him, her arm across his chest. Quietly, he slipped out of their warm bed, got dressed and with his lightsaber clipped to his belt, headed out into the frigid dawn. There would be no sunrise in this blizzard. But he did not go too far. He walked to the edge of the quarry, where the wind swelled and howled at him, much like his heart and his mind was screaming in torment. It seemed he was doomed to always have two opposing forces tear him apart from the inside. Unclipping his lightsaber, he took it in both palms and with the wind billowing through his cape, flaring it out behind him like a great black wing, he lowered down to one knee, laying the lightsaber upon the edge of the quarry’s cliff. His hands were shaking. It was freezing, but the cold sharpened his thoughts, uncovering the chains that were holding him back. Chains he had wrought himself. Chains he did not know how to break. Grandfather… How was he to let go of the path he had walked for more than a decade now? To let go of everything he had built? How could he turn his back on the sacrifices he’d made, on the pain he’d endured, on the suffering caused by his hands? How could he turn aside from the single goal that had kept him going for as long as he could remember? He’d done everything in the name of the dark side. He’d believed he’d been fated to carry on where his grandfather could not. He’d believed he’d been meant for something. And now, if he chooses to abandon this path… All of it would have been for naught. Show me, grandfather… Darth Vader had been a force that helped shape the fate of this galaxy. And Kylo Ren had always perceived his grandfather’s final choice of siding with the light as the folly of a dying man… But could he still believe that now – that it had been folly, and not the strength of the light itself? Show me grandfather, show me what you would have done… Tell me what I should do! He was shaking, his breath falling in rapid swells of mist, his heart pounding, a scream building in the back of his throat– The wind howled and screamed and yanked back his hood, flaring through unkempt, raven locks. His gasping breath billowed into the frigid air. He wanted to hate her. Oh, how he wanted to hate her. And yet it was because he’d lived with hate for so long that he’d been unable to recognize compassion growing within his heart before it was too late, before it had been too late to stop himself for caring for her. His fingers clenched the lightsaber, shaking. The light had only ever led him astray. The light had never been there when he’d needed it. Until her… His features contorted into a sneer. What did it matter? What did it matter what he felt? Caring for one person in this galaxy, no matter how much of an achievement it may be for him, it changed nothing! When they would leave this place, when they would leave the glimpse of hope behind… Had she not herself said that is why she’d never left Jakku? She had been clinging to that one sliver of hope to see her family again, even though she knew they were never coming back. She’d stayed for the hope . And out there, in the world he had ripped apart, there could never be any hope for him. No hope for them, together. The wind was freezing and fierce, howling as it whirled snowflakes around the TIE fighter’s edges. Rey clung to the ladder, bracing against the cold that nipped her cheeks and cut through the bone. All morning they’d spent cleaning out the melted remains of the old transpacitor from the TIE fighter’s hatch. They’d set up two ladders this time, and side by side they’d worked in silence as the storm gradually grew worse, snow gathering in great mounds against the ship’s wings. By now, Rey couldn’t feel her fingers anymore. “You should go back inside,” he called through the gale. She looked up at him, swiping her wild hair from her face as she shook her head. “We’re almost done-“ “I’ll finish on my own.” “But I just need to-“ He grabbed her upper arm. “You’re freezing. Go back inside.” Holding his gaze, she exhaled sharply. “If you’re staying, then I’m staying.” He set his jaw, his eyes flashing. “ Rey -“ “No!” Her heart clenched. And all at once, everything she’d locked so tightly inside of her began spilling out. “I can’t take this anymore! This– silence between us. We’ve talked of everything except what had happened between us! And I can’t keep pretending that it didn’t change me. I can’t, Ben. With every breath I’m dreading the moment–“ Her breath caught. She closed her eyes, tilting her chin away. When you’ll tell me that nothing has changed. He leaned in, close as was possible upon the ladders, gently cupping her chin. Her eyes met his. “Everything has changed,” he murmured, words almost lost to the wind. Her heart tugged, a shaky smile making its way to her lips. “Reading my mind again, Mister Solo?” The corner of his mouth quirked up. “How can I not, when you make it so easy?” With a deep breath, she reached for the Force, raising her mental guard. “Then tell me what I’m thinking right now.” He tilted his forehead to rest against hers. “You’ve been practicing.” “Maybe. Surely I’m no match for you, though.” Like the fading of the sunset, his features darkened and he withdrew. “You are the only being in this universe who will ever be a match for me, Rey. You must remember that. Always.” Her throat tightened as his somberness eclipsed the momentary lightness that had stirred through their bond. “I’m scared, Ben.” And laced within those few words were all of her fears. That he would continue his plans to kill Luke Skywalker. That their bond meant nothing to him. Or did not mean enough . Her fingers tightened into his cloak. “I’m scared, and I don’t want to-“ The words stuck in her throat. Even now, she could not tell him how she felt. Because saying out it loud, admitting she didn’t want to lose him… How could she explain that when they’ve barely known each other? When all they’ve had is this week, this little glimpse of time, and now it’s ending and she doesn’t want to let it go and she can’t tell him just how deeply she’s come to care about him, because it would make it so much more painful when everything inevitably shattered. How could she tell him she wanted to face the world out there with him, take it day by day, face the challenges and the hard time and the good times– Together . He tugged on her arm and guided her down. When their feet was firmly on the ground, he looked into her eyes for what seemed like an eternity. She did not move, she did not say a word, though she knew that shards of her feelings filtered through, and were probably displayed openly within her eyes. All the while she watched him, remaining resolute in her stare, studying their bond in the hope to discover what was going on inside his head. But he wasn’t giving her anything. And she finally admitted to herself, that ever since they’d left the village, he’d been shutting her out. Gradually. Slowly. Painlessly, if not for the pain she felt at its loss now. He reached out, his fingertips caressing her cheek. But when he finally spoke, her heart fell. “You are like a dream to me, Rey... But I will forever be the nightmare that chases the light of the dream, only to have a taste of it before morning comes.” A violent shudder racked through her; her arms wrapping around herself. But she didn’t feel cold. She felt numb. “What are you saying?” she asked, her voice so much smaller than she would have liked. “Whatever you think you feel for me-“ Her chest constricted, brows twisting. “Whatever I think I feel?” Scowling, he withdrew his fingers into a fist that he lowered back down to his side. “With a bond of this magnitude it is only logical that feelings of attachment would start to develop. It is understandable. You’ve been alone all your life… To then suddenly be bonded to another… It makes sense you would feel attached.” Disbelief contorted across her face. Her heart was pounding so hard she felt dizzy in its frantically building rhythm. “ Attached?” Her breathing hitched, and she momentarily looked away, drawing a shuddered inhale to collect her thoughts and still her racing heartbeat. “I’m not attached . I’ve told you before… I know what I feel. And I’m not simply under some illusion that you’ve been kind to me–” Rage sparked inside of him. So sudden, so bright, it seared her senses. With a gasp, she took a step back – but he followed, snatching her arm. And her heart, her treacherous heart, it was submersed in ice as she watched the anger mar his face. “What do you think will happen once we leave this planet?” he sneered. “What do you think my uncle will do when I stand before him?” His eyes were blazing, his features hard and cold. “He would take one look at me and know that I do not seek his forgiveness! And why should I? When I had done exactly as I’d been meant to do!” She blanched, the memory of him in his fevered pain from their first night here flitting through her mind. “You don’t believe that. I know you regret–“ “Regret? What is the point of regret ? I cannot change what I’ve done. I can only accept it and become stronger because of it–“ “No, I know-“ “You do not!” He roared, his voice laced with thunderous rage that crackled and burned. “You know nothing about me! You fool yourself into thinking you understand me, but you cannot understand!” Releasing her arm, he withdrew, glaring down at her. “And once we leave this place, you will finally see me for what I really am.” She shook her head, her expression twisting in misery and desperation. Reaching out, she held onto his arms. “I already see you for who you are! You are the man who let me go, who tried everything he could to be cruel and cold, and yet your kindness and your light always found a way through. I know it’s there, I’ve felt –“ He shook her off, taking a step back. “Foolish girl! You are an insignificant scavenger, and measured against the hate of the world your feelings, your forgiveness, your light – they mean nothing !” She stilled, the power of his words twisting like a knife in her ribs. And why did it hurt this much, when all the while, she’d known this would happen? He tilted his face away, fists clenched at his sides. “Whatever you might feel for me does not change what I did. I murdered my fellow Jedi. I killed countless innocents. Your Stormtrooper fell by my hand.” He shut his eyes and his fists shook, his cape billowing in the wind. “I murdered my own father. My own flesh and blood.” Looking up, he met her eyes. “If I am capable of all that, what made you think I could ever care for you?” With wide, pained eyes, she could only stare as his raging self-hatred flickered and threatened to choke her with its intensity. Her voice was gone, tears stinging her eyes. Ben– And then, with his lip tugging into a sneer, he began to laugh. A sound that was breathless and dark and bitter, and made her feel sick to her very core. “Do you not see? There is no future for us. There never was, and there never will be. The man you think I am… The Ben Solo you want me to be… I cannot be that man. I cannot –“ His breathing snatched, voice hitching. “I cannot love you without losing myself. Loving you would mean the end of everything . Everything I’d built. Did. Destroyed… “ With bared teeth, he snarled. “So I will hate you. I will hate you until there is no breath left inside of me.” Her heart wrenched, tears blurring her vision. She withdrew, retreating, step by heart-breaking step. And fled. She couldn’t breathe. Dear gods, she couldn’t breathe. She didn’t know how far she’d ran, but she couldn’t see the quarry or the houses anymore. Stars, she couldn’t see anything. All around the world was grey and white with flurries of scattering snowflakes. The wind pressed and pulled at her, making her stumble blindly ahead, her arms tightly wrapped around her shuddering body. Her lungs were burning. And everything was freezing. But her heart felt like molten fire. I cannot love you without losing myself… Her fists pressed against her chest. I cannot love you… She kept moving, trudging on, bracing against the gale. So I will hate you… She had no idea where she was going, following the unspooling despair of her heart. Until there is no breath left inside of me… She came to a ridge – the one they’d crossed yesterday? In the grey blizzard, she couldn’t tell where the road led up, and so she began to climb, finding strength in the pain. The rocks were freezing, but her hands were so cold she barely felt anything anymore. She reached– Her foot slipped– And pain cut through her palm as she fell. He stood like a frozen sentinel beside the TIE fighter, peering unwaveringly into the gale. The storm was worsening. He could barely make out the other houses, let alone anything else. There was only the wind and the snow. And she was out there. Because of him. He’d let her go, certain that she’d flee into the house. With a single-minded focus, he’d continued working on the TIE fighter. Installing the transpacitor had been a simple task after the hatch had been cleaned out. But when he’d finished, shut the hatch, and dropped down from the ladder, he’d sent out his senses to find her. And discovered her so much farther away than he’d anticipated, her spirit like a fading light upon the snow. Foolish girl. Stubborn, foolish, stupid girl- No. He was the foolish one. This was his fault. He had taken the opportunity presented when she’d opened the subject, and his own fears had contorted into vicious anger that he’d lashed out at her. He’d known her deepest vulnerability – to be abandoned – and he’d used it, to twist the knife, to exploit it in the hope of– In the hope that she would hate him. For somehow, he’d imagined it might make things easier, if she had her anger and her hate to hold onto. He should have known it would never work. Not with her. And now she was out there, and she would freeze to death if– He felt it. The bite of her panic; her breath catching in the back of her throat; a stinging pain cutting across her hand– And the slam of her body against the snow. It knocked the breath from his lungs, sending him crumpling against the TIE fighter’s wing, her pain lancing through his still-tender ribs. Breathless, he stumbled forward, regaining his composure as he marched into the snow. It was too long until he found her. He followed her presence like a thread; like a sliver of light cutting through the dark. Faint, fading light. The snow was falling so severely that he would have been blind if it hadn’t been for her - and when he did find her, he wouldn’t have known she was there if it weren’t for their bond. She was already covered in a dusting of snow. He trudged ahead as fast as he was able, already sending out his senses to determine how badly she was hurt. Falling onto his knees beside her, he determined that the fall had robbed her of breath, but the snow must have padded her landing for there were no severe injuries aside from the cut across her palm. Then, with his hands reaching out to cup her face, to feel her pulse beneath his fingertips, the true realization dawned. The fall hadn’t rendered her unconscious as he’d presumed. She’d stayed there, fallen in the snow, because she’d given up. “Rey,” he called, desperation marring his tone. “Rey! Wake up! I’m here. It’s going to be alright-“ Her lashes fluttered, her eyes opening. “Ben…” His heart trembled in painful regret, but he shoved it aside and tugged his cloak over his head. With gentle but firm movements he swept away the snow from her slender form and wrapped her in the cloak, before picking her up in his arms. “You do not… really hate me… do you?” The words twisted through his chest, stopping his heart. And never before had he felt more like a monster, as he did in that moment. Notes: I had intended to release the next chapter quite soon after this one, but unfortunately it’s only halfway done. I will try to finish it as soon as possible. Thank you to every single one of you reading and supporting me. This fanfiction means a lot to me, and therefore your support is golden :) A moodboard for this chapter can be found here. Chapter 13 : Sparks Notes: We have finally arrived at the smutty chapter! WOOT! This chapter is NSFW. I did my best to research hypothermia, its treatments, symptoms, etc. I read a lot of sources, and tried to write this as realistically as possible. That said, I cannot guarantee anything I describe here is medically correct. Warnings: Minor… wound… licking? *hides* Song: Sparks by Mattia Cupelli (seriously, this music is amazing) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 13: Sparks “A certain darkness is needed to see the stars.” The Book of Secrets, Osho All the world was white, as Kylo Ren trudged through the snow. He clutched Rey’s limp form against him with all of his strength, trusting in the Force to guide him back towards shelter. Ben. She’d called him Ben . Not monster. Not Kylo Ren. But Ben . Even though he knew it was only because she was weak and freezing, that when she would come to, she would realize exactly what he’d done– The day I call you by your chosen name… will be the day I give up on you, Ben Solo– And a part of him couldn’t help but cling to the selfish hope that she hadn’t given up– No. He held her tighter against his chest. It was his selfishness that had caused her to get hurt, his selfishness that had caused this mess. And now with every moment that slipped by, her heat faded, violent shivers racking her body. For a while nothing but insensible words fell from her lips, and it made his heart pound in his ears with the certainty that he had never been more terrified in his entire life. That was, until she went quiet . Pulse racing, he looked down at her face. She lay still, eyes shut, a flickering candle in the fury of the storm. In a heart-stopping moment, he realized he couldn’t feel anything through their bond. Couldn’t feel her through the Force. Couldn’t sense her emotions, or pain, or the cold numbing her bones. It twisted his features, ripping his breath from his chest as he realized just how deeply he’d grown attached to her Force-signature– Attached– ‘With a bond of this magnitude it is only logical that feelings of attachment would start to develop…’ His heart wrenched into the calling of her name, the word falling from his lips in a swirl of fog, but the wind snatched it away. Rey, he called through their bond, desperately hoping she could hear him. You cannot fall asleep right now. Her eyelashes flickered but her eyes did not open. An ache blossomed beneath his ribs. Rey. Tell me of Jakku. She stirred in his arms, but did not answer. He grit his teeth, and took another harrowed step. And another. Tell me of your fondest memory. The wind pressed against him, the frost covering his robes. Tell me of your best day. Your worst day. But she remained silent. And his heart was aching in a way he couldn’t understand. Aching, and breaking with every moment she did not answer. How selfish he’d been. How stupidly, terribly selfish. This was all his fault. The wind swept up, blowing constellations of snowflakes through the grey mist and threatening to send him sprawling into the snow – he stopped, bracing against the wind, clenching his teeth, grip tightening into her limp form, unable to see damn a thing through his wild hair. He held onto her for dear life. Rey. Tell me. Tell me everything. I want to know everything. Her eyes fluttered open, and he was certain everything would come to an end right then as she looked at him, those brown-and-green eyes like stars searing through his darkness. There was frost in her hair; snowflakes in her lashes. They drifted shut once more. Rey. With a wrenching breath, he trudged another step, never shifting his gaze away from her face. Please. Hold on. With his heart thumping from the exertion, the pain in his ribs and the desperation of her condition, he began to speak, in the hope it would keep her awake. You were right. About so many things. From the very first moment our minds connected, you saw straight through me. All I’ve ever wanted was to be like my grandfather. Ever since I can remember, he was the only being in this universe to whom I ever felt connected… A half-laugh, half-cry huffed from his lips. Until I met you. His steps were becoming slower, and the snow worse, the storm bearing down on them like the whole world was fighting against them. When I think back now… I do not know the exact moment my heart became yours. The snow crunched beneath his boots. If it was from the first second I laid my eyes on you. The pain throbbed in his ribs. Or when I cornered you in that hallway, and I felt your loneliness so starkly similar to my own. The wind howled. Or when I called the lightsaber, and your strength proved to be far greater than mine would ever be. A fierce gale swept across the frozen field, sending him stumbling sideways to crash hard onto his knees into the snow. It tore a grunt from his lips, but he didn’t let her go. He refused to let go. Arms trembling, he drew a breath between bared teeth, and looked down at her. Rey. You asked me why I’d saved you. He lowered his head, shutting his eyes as he tilted his forehead closer to hers. I saved you, because I couldn’t imagine this world without you. Even if we were only ever meant to be rivals, even if you were only ever to be my nemesis… I could not bear the thought of losing you. His eyes drifted open. Just as I cannot bear to lose you now. And though his heart reached out to hers, he was met only with silence. Please. Stay with me, little bird. He looked up. And in the distance, the ghosts of the houses flared through the blizzard. His footsteps were heavy, hollow thuds on the metal stairs as he carried her up towards the door. A nudge through the Force made it open, and the moment they were inside he shut it firmly behind them. He had the vague sensation of trembles racking through him; a potent mixture of exertion and cold clawing their way through his veins. He was shivering, harsh breaths shuddering swells of mist through his bared teeth, but he spared little thought for himself as he carried her to the bedroom and gently laid her down on the bed. She was covered in snow and frost; it was in her hair, all over the cloak he’d wrapped her in. With his heart hammering against his ribs, he knew there was no time to lose. He undressed her, working as quickly and as gently as his stiff, cold fingers allowed. When she was only in her underwear, he immediately covered her in a blanket, ensuring it wasn’t too heavy, but warm enough. She was shuddering severely now, eyelids flickering and soft whimpering noises falling from her lips. She was so damn pale, her lips seemed blue in the dim light falling through the window. It terrified him out of his wits. And he couldn't help but wonder what it must have been like for her on that first day, when she'd brought him inside and bandaged him all on her own. How scared she must have been. How conflicted. What thoughts had gone through her head as she’d cleaned the wounds he’d deserved? What had gone through her mind as she’d felt his pain and realized she was bonded to this monster? He undressed himself, tugging off frost-covered robes, shirt and boots until he was left in his trousers. His movements were stiff. Disjointed. Clumsy. He felt dizzy, and exhausted, but one look at her and he vowed to keep going. For her sake. He joined her beneath the blanket and wrapped an arm around her waist, taking care to be gentle. Knowing it might be dangerous if he rubbed her limbs, he simply lay shuddering beside her, hoping his body heat would strengthen hers. I’m sorry , he said through their bond, not trusting his voice to speak. I’m so sorry… He buried his nose into her hair, but she smelled like snow and ice and his self-loathing gripped his throat in a choking hold. What a pitiful creature he was. Pleading for forgiveness he knew he would never deserve. Will I only ever keep hurting you? Barely breathing, he tilted his forehead against hers, his hand curling over her ribbon-tied wrist, the silk half-frozen beneath his palm– He shut his eyes, reached through the Force for the manifestation of their bond, followed her fading light like the last stars before dawn – And fell into the tranquillity of sunlight on a sea of swaying grass, guided by the silver-gold threads that tied them together– Felt the Force surround them in warmth and in light– And, just for a moment, the lingering scent of blossoms. A soft whimper fell from her lips, and her eyelids flickered. He stilled. “Ben…” Warm relief slammed into his chest, a gasp catching in his throat. He splayed his hands across her spine as her fingers fanned across his chest and she curled into him, a feeling of desperation rising up from her – the first one he’d been able to sense since he’d found her. “Ben… You came for me…” His eyes fell shut, his fingers trembling against her. If hadn’t been for him, she wouldn’t have been out there in the first place– Yet he couldn’t say anything, the words heavy on his tongue. But then she moved, slowly, snuggling deeper into him. She wrapped her arms around his neck, melding her body to his, and with her heart beating against his ribs he felt her light grow brighter, like she drew strength from him . Their foreheads gently pressed together. He held her. He held her until he could feel her shivering become less severe. He held her until the darkness settled over them, and all the while, he sent her memories. Of anything and everything good he could recall. Sunsets over Coruscant. The joy he’d found in his training. The taste of strawberries. A glimpse of his mother’s smile. Bright bursts of fireworks… And every, single day he’d spent in her presence. The way the lanterns had lit her features when they were sitting on the riverbank in the village. Her frame haloed in the sunshower. The feel of her skin against his. The way she smiled up at him, pinwheels clutched against her chest. The morning sunlight bathing her in soft gold. Her eyes turning as green as the ribbon he’d chosen for her in the golden lights of the festival. The silk of her hair between his fingertips. The taste of her lips… Things no monster should ever have been worthy of. And yet, she’d given them without hesitation. By the time he gently untangled himself from her, it was dark outside. The worst of her shivering had passed, her spirit having regained some steadiness, but he knew her body needed more warmth. He slipped out beneath the blanket and rose to his feet – but she caught his wrist. Wide eyes stared up at him with something like fear. “Please… don’t go…” she whispered. He crouched by the bed, folding her cold hand in both of his. “Your body needs warmth, Rey. I’m only going to make you something to drink.” She shook her head, her fingers grasping into his with marginal strength. “Please… stay.” “I’ll be right back.” She searched his eyes. “Promise?” His heart gave a painful tug. He brought her icy fingers to his lips. “I promise,” he whispered against her skin. Letting go, he rose to his feet. He grabbed his shirt and tugged it over his head as he strode towards the kitchen. There was a choice between soup and tea, and he set about making both. As he warmed up the broth, he held his hands close to the burner, flexing his fingers to work some life back into them. Once steam began rising from the soup, he ladled some into a bowl, taking care that it wouldn’t be too hot for her to eat. Then he returned to the bedroom, to find she was still on her side, in a ball, shivering. He put the bowl on the bedside cabinet. “Let me help you sit up,” he said, and she managed a tiny nod. He propped the pillow against the headboard before hooking an arm around her waist. She grabbed onto his arm for support, and slowly, they got her settled against the pillow. He wrapped the blanket around her shoulders to ensure it won’t slip down, and grasped the corners to tuck it beneath her chin. As he withdrew, he fleetingly caught her eyes before shifting his gaze away. He took the bowl of broth and dipped in the spoon, stirring the contents. He didn’t trust her fingers to be able to hold onto the bowl just yet. So he rose the spoonful to her lips. She took the bite. He dipped it in again, and again, giving her only a little at a time. After a while, she spoke. “You need to… eat… as well…” He briefly met her gaze. There was concern in her eyes. Concern . For him. “Later,” he said, and rose another spoonful to her mouth. But she pursed her lips. “Why won’t you look at me?” He lowered the spoon back to the bowl, clenching his jaw. And then she reached forward, took the bowl and placed it back onto the cabinet. She scooted closer to him, climbed into his lap, and wrapped her arms around his neck. “This is called a hug… Well, sort of,” she murmured, a lilt of amusement in her tone. “You’re supposed to be returning it.” With his features twisting at the nostalgia of those words, his arms curved around her, clutching her against him like a tourniquet for the ache beneath the hollow of his ribs. He didn’t know how long they remained like that, simply holding one another. But then he felt her move, and her nose brushed against his neck… And he couldn’t restrain the leap of his heart, even if he’d tried. He slipped out of her touch, and left her on the bed. He ignored the confused look on her face as he headed towards the bathroom and switched on the lights. He ignored the hammering of his heart as opened the taps of the shower. He ignored the longing for her as he came back to pick her up in his arms, blanket and all, and carried her towards the bathroom. Already steam was billowing forth from the shower as he set her atop the cupboard beside the washbasin. He felt her gaze follow him as he went to hold his hand beneath the water. It was lukewarm, not too hot to be a shock for her recuperating body. As he turned back to her, he stilled. Her gaze was downcast, her fingertips playing with the bow of the ribbon around her wrist. The blanket had slid down, revealing the pale moons of her shoulders. The sight of her shouldn’t fill him with desire. She had almost died because of him. “The steam should help warm you at least, if you don’t feel up to a shower yet.” He winced. He sounded awkward, even to himself. With a shake of his head, he headed to the doorway– “You’re leaving?” she asked, a tiny note of panic in her tone as she looked up at him with large eyes. He stopped. His lips opened to speak but she continued, “But you promised you would stay.” “Rey–“ “Would you just–“ She pursed her lips and shut her eyes. Her hands curled into fists on her knees. After a moment, the tension flowed out of her, and she looked back at him, meeting his gaze without a hint of hesitation. “Would you just say it? Say the words I can feel pressing against your ribs–“ “ Rey – “ “ Say them, so you can forget about them, and move forward – because I’m here , and I heard every damn thing you said when you risked your life to carry me home.” Her eyes were gleaming with tears, an anguished expression on her face. “I heard everything –“ Her voice hitched into a sob, her palm pressing against her lips. She turned her face away, though not before he caught another glance of the tears spilling from her lashes. “But if you didn’t mean any of it… If you really do hate me… If you want to hate me… Then I won’t blame you. That’s your choice to make, but I–“ A strangled gasp cut through her words. It twisted his heart into knots. “I want you to stay.” His pulse raced in his ears. Creators, he was such a coward. When would he stop running away from his feelings? With long strides, he made his way to her. And crouched at her feet. Slowly, he reached up, to brush his thumb over her cold lips… over the tear that had left a rivulet across her cheek. “Forgive me.” His hand drifted down, settling on her thigh as he tipped his head forward, resting his head against her knees. “Please, forgive me.” His grip tightened into her thighs, his whole being filling with so much fondness it became a physical ache inside his chest. “I could never hate you… Rey… I…” Her fingertips settled on his hair, and brushed through the unruly strands. When he looked up, she withdrew her hands– And beneath the emerald silk of the ribbon, he saw a flash of red. He caught her wrist. A long, thin scrape ran across the width of her palm, a line of congealed blood blooming across the pale skin. He should have remembered – he’d felt the pain of it before she’d fallen. “It looks worse than it feels,” she murmured. He stilled. On an impulse, he brought her palm to his lips. And flicking his eyes up, he caught her gaze across her fingers, and swirled his tongue over the scrape– A low hum of desire burned through him as the coppery tang of her blood filled his mouth. Her lips parted, a gasp hitching from her pale throat. He felt the fire race up her arm to implode into aching need. It almost drove him mad, right then and there. Running away wouldn’t change a thing. It wouldn’t change how badly he wanted her. Craved her. Needed her. He grazed his lips lower, across the base of her palm, over the sensitive skin of her wrist – drawing a lovely, shuddering whimper from her – until he reached the ribbon. With his teeth, he grasped the end of the bow, and pulled, allowing the silk to spiral free. For a moment, he gained a glimpse of himself through her eyes; a ghosting image of the emerald silk caught between his teeth, the faintest stain of blood yet lingering on the swell of his bottom lip– “Kiss me,” she breathed. How could he refuse? Rey watched, almost entranced, as he rose up to tower over her, her vision dominated with his broad shoulders, and his contoured muscles that tapered to a lean, toned waist… With a swoop of his fingers he placed the ribbon aside, before pressing his palms down on either side of her. Her breathing quickened, her chest rising and falling rapidly as he leaned in. He grazed his warm lips against hers– Her lashes fluttered shut– And that gentle touch was like an ember that erupted into pure fire. It was different from the tenderness of their first kiss, or the care he took with her in the inn. It was hunger and lust and sparks of burning desire. It was rough and fierce and his teeth grazed her lips and his tongue thrust into her mouth to dominate hers. A moan caught in the back of her throat as she kissed him back with as much fervour; fingers tangling into his hair, legs spreading to draw him in against her hips. Her hands gripped into his shirt and within moments the garment was tossed to the floor. She fanned her touch across his chest, humming in the delight of feeling his warm skin beneath hers. He claimed her lips again and bent her backwards with the strength of the kiss and there was no hesitation this time as she undid her breast-band whilst he grinded against her, friction unfurling into flaming arousal– Their lips parted, and he grabbed her thigh to hook her leg around his waist as he kissed and sucked and nibbled on the sensitive skin of her neck. Moans and whimpers fell from her lips in shudders of pleasure, the blanket long-since forgotten and left to drape around her waist. His hands splayed across her sides, sliding up across the ripple of her ribs, across the jagged skin of her scar. Shivers raced like wildfire down her back, as his mouth travelled from her neck, to the pale bows of her collarbones. His hands. They were warm, and firm, and slightly callused; the faint roughness against her bare skin building her rising need. He cupped her breasts, and trailed kisses across her chest before bending down and taking a pert, pink nipple into his mouth. His hot tongue laved a fire across the sensitive bud, drawing an open-mouthed gasp from her lips, her back arching into his touch. Then his fingers raked across her scar, and her gasp turned into a moan that spun and caught in the back of her throat, her right hand grasping the back of his head. Chest rising and falling, she looked down. His messy, raven hair was a stark contrast against her pale chest. He glanced up, a glint in those wicked, umber eyes that made her blood sing. He was enjoying this. Enjoying the whimpers and the moans and the little gasps hitching from her parted lips. When he pulled away, his lips were full and red, and begged to be kissed, so she wrapped her arms around his neck and claimed them for her own. The tangle of their tongues was only further tightening the tense coil of heat building between her legs. She raked her nails down his neck, and across his shoulders to his collarbones, to break the kiss and trace fingertips across his chest. His heart was beating a pounding cadence beneath her touch, and she leaned forward, ducking her head to place kisses all along his collarbones as her hands slipped lower to feel the hard planes of his stomach. She couldn't wait anymore. She looked down to see his erection straining in his trousers and it beckoned her to undo the buttons, more expertly this time than her attempt back in the inn. She reached inside and grasped the heavy curve of his cock. He hissed a breath between bared teeth and tilted his head into her hair. Wrapping her palm firmly around him, she stroked him, slow and deliberate, as he rocked his hips in tandem to her movements, his shallow breath falling in warm waves against her neck. His hands tightened into her hips, his fingers digging into her flesh. The next moment he grasped her underwear, and she tilted her hips to allow him to tug it off. As he began slipping it down her thighs, he lowered down between her legs. Her pulse jolted. “Ben?” He hooked her underwear with his index finger, and tossed it aside. And keeping her gaze, he grasped her legs, and spread them wider. Her breathing stopped. His hands settled on her knees. Firm and slow, he slid them up her thighs, to splay across the grooves of her hips, thumbs digging into the softest part of her thighs. He tilted his head, nose brushing against the skin just on the inside of her knee, and began placing brief, hot kisses all along the inside of her legs. When he reached her apex, his hands curved inward from her hips to her mound. He stroked index finger and thumb across her clit, slow but deliberate, drawing a melody of moans from her before slipping a finger into her slick warmth. The ease of the motion extracted a groan from them both. And she couldn't tear her eyes away. Her cheeks were burning, her breath hot in her throat, her chest rising and falling. She'd never felt more vulnerable, more exposed, than at this very moment with his head between her legs. It was both terrifying and invigorating, her pulse jumping at his every smallest motion. He proceeded to spread her folds, thrusting his fingers into her with gentle swirling movements. When he withdrew, he caught her gaze and dragged his index finger across his bottom lip, before his pink tongue darted out to lick away her juices. “You taste so good,” he murmured. “But I'd like to taste more.” Then he leaned in again and her whole world jarred to a stop as he slid his warm tongue across the length of her slit up to the bundle of nerves at her apex. Her head tipped back, throat exposed, his name leaving her lips in a half-strangled cry. Her entire body convulsed, her hands gripping into his hair, her nails digging into his scalp – which caused him to lean forward and slip the length of his tongue into her. She cried out, seeing stars, as he began to lick and suck in earnest, using his fingers to grind and swirl and rub in ways that made her heart beat of control and sent one wave of pleasure after the other crashing through her. “Please... Please, Ben...” she moaned. Her hips couldn’t help but buck and roll in pleasure, so he grasped them tightly to keep them in place, and then her toes curled, her pointed feet pressing somewhere against the taut muscles of his back as a firework of pleasure exploded in her lower belly to crash through her entire body. She called his name in a breathless, desperate sob before dissolving back against the wall, gasping for breath. When she cracked open her eyes, she found him looming over her, hands pressed on either side of her or a smirk on his lips. “I assume you enjoyed that.” She would have come up with a snarky response, except her mind was floating somewhere on a cloud and she couldn't quite formulate any words. So she settled for narrowing her eyes slightly which made a deep chuckle rumble in his throat. But then a hint of somberness fell across his features, and his fingers cupped her cheek. “Are you still... feeling alright?” It took her a moment to realize what he referred to. In light of the current... circumstances... she'd completely forgotten her earlier condition. She nodded frantically, still somewhat dazed. “Yeah. I'm okay. I'm fine. I'm more than fine.” He smiled, huffing a soft breath through his nose. Then, he leaned in, and kissed her. Their mouths melted together, and she swallowed a low hum that rose from his throat when she darted her tongue against his. The honeyed taste of her lingered on his lips, and it was both strange and intoxicating. He wrapped his arms around her, their limbs entwined and their kiss deepened into something languid and lustful. He swept his tongue into her mouth to dance with hers in a slow rhythm. Already the flickering of desire returned anew, and she was surprised to find it growing more intense. She was still learning her own body's cravings and limits, and she'd imagined she'd be sated for at least a little while. But he'd only made her crave more. His cock was warm against her inner thigh and she reached down and curled her fingers around him, stroking him from base to tip. And with a spark of bravery she lowered the head of his cock to stroke him against her slick wetness. A deep growl rumbled through him, sending a wave of his satisfaction and desire rippling into her, making her limbs momentarily go weak with euphoria. “Fuck, Rey–“ A soft gasp left her lips– His fingers clawed into her hips, so tight it almost hurt– And all she could do was send him everything she yet desired, images of him taking her fully, right here and now– She felt it drive him over the edge. He reached down and grasped the waistband of his trousers, hurriedly tugging them off. Then his strong hands grabbed her thighs and picked her up. A surprise breath escaped her lips, her legs reflexively hooking around his waist as her arms tightened around his neck. He carried her into the shower, and slowly stepped into the spray of water. The water was lukewarm, but drew a low hum of pleasure from her lips. The steam had gradually eased her body back into warmth, but the water was even more soothing. She tipped her head back, allowing it to cascade across her face and her throat, to ripple down her back and between her breasts and when she looked back up he was watching her with something predatory in his gaze. Creators, he was beautiful. His wild, wet hair matted against his skin, water drops glinting on the swoops of his long lashes, a sheen of wetness on his full, alluring lips – He pressed her up against the wall and kissed her fiercely. The kiss was messy and slick from the water rushing across them. It was grazing of teeth and crushing of lips; he sucked on her tongue, before pressing back to dive into her mouth. It had her fingers digging into his shoulders, her hips rocking against him, her back arching to feel her breasts pressed against his chest. He was driving her mad, and she couldn't stand it anymore. I want you Ben... Please, I need you inside of me. He broke the kiss, to look into her eyes. Both of them were out of breath, hearts pounding, chests rising and falling. “Rey...” he murmured, and the tenderness in his tone made her heart ache and swell. “Are you sure? It... might be painful at first.” “I'm sure,” she breathed. “I trust you.” He cupped her face, thumb brushing her lip, then held her gaze as he reached down between them. She felt the head of his cock at her entrance, and her entire body quivered in anticipation and excitement. Their parted lips hovered so close, in an almost-kiss… And with their half-lidded gazes locked, he slowly slid into her. Her fingers clawed into his shoulders, her back arching as a cry pierced her throat. His forehead pressed against hers before he tilted his head down and growled into the spot just beneath her jaw. “ Rey .” With her head tilted back, she gasped for breath. Dear gods, she could never have imagined this sensation – this completely unfamiliar, overwhelming feeling of him inside of her. Her mind spun on that fact. He was inside of her. Filling her. It unlocked so many flickering of feelings inside of her that it almost brought tears to her eyes. A wave of concern rose from him. He cupped her chin, turning her face to his to look into her eyes. “Talk to me. Are you alright?” She leaned her forehead against his, fighting back the almost overpowering wave of adoration and fondness for him... It was so strong she knew she couldn't restrain its intensity, she knew he must feel the brunt of it crashing against him. And she knew she shouldn't think it. Shouldn't say it. Not in this vulnerable moment, when it was all too uncertain. And yet the words were in her heart anyway– But she managed a nod, and shut her feelings away as she found his lips and closed her eyes. And then he began to move, and all of her vulnerable emotions fell away to hone in on the pleasure unfurling between her legs. He slid out, before thrusting back in, slow and languid and gentle. Any sense of discomfort she may have had faded away as the pleasure built with his every thrust, but his gentleness was for her sake, she knew. The chains of his self-control chafed against her. That would not do. She began to roll her hips, meeting his thrusts. She pressed her breasts against his chest, and gently caught his bottom lip between her teeth, locking her gaze with his. I’m not some delicate flower… She released his plump lip as his mouth tugged into a slow smirk. “No, you’re not–“ And she swore she could feel his chains snap– He pounded into her, hard and fast, his hands digging into her thighs, his breath falling rapidly against her neck, morphing into guttural groans that mingled with her breathless, euphoric cries– She could feel herself clenching around him, the crest of her pleasure rapidly drawing near. It broke a deep growl from his lips, and he pinned one hand it above her head. He rutted into her, fierce and fast and all chains abandoned now– And then it was happening all at once as the heat and the friction and the pleasure unwound from her core and spun through her entire body– “Ben!” Her head tipped back, her lashes fluttered, her nails raking down his back as every part of her shuddered and soared– It pushed him over the edge. His every muscle stood taut and ridged, his lips parted and pink and her name fell from them over and over like a prayer, before his breath snagged, his eyes lighting up like amber stars– And a long, deep growl rumbled through his chest as he came inside of her, his desire and passion and adoration for her crashing into her as he filled her with sticky warmth. For a long moment, her thundering heartbeat drowned out everything else. She couldn’t tear her eyes away from him. Couldn’t believe the electrifying intensity and tenderness she’d seen in his eyes… Didn’t want to miss any of the minute expressions or movements, the fluttering of his lashes, the water dripping from his lips, the way he was leaning into her, his nose brushing against her jaw… Slowly more sensations filtered back; the rapid falling of his breath, the running water, the feel of his pulse beneath her hands… Gently, he lowered her down, allowing her feet to touch the shower floor. But her arms remained wrapped around his neck and she leaned her forehead against his chest, an unrestrainable smile breaking across her lips at the feel of his heart pounding fiercely beneath his ribs. He had his forearms against the wall, and every part of him was still trembling. She bit her lip through her smile, and turned her head to catch his gaze. “I assume you enjoyed that?” she asked, her voice laced with amusement. She could only see one of his eyes beneath the wet strands of his raven hair. That one eye narrowed at her, and made a giggle bubble up from her throat. Then she snuggled into him, as he lowered his arms to curve around her. “But you were right,” she said. “Right…? Do refresh my memory, I don’t believe my mind is working at the moment.” “At the inn… you said it only gets better.” She looked up. “You were right.” A low chuckle rumbled through his chest. “Even I hadn’t realized just how right I’d been.” She smiled up at him and he clasped her chin, stroking his thumb across her lip. And kissed her. Notes: Thank you guys so much for your continued encouragement and support of this story. It means the world to me! And please think of me tomorrow, I'm writing a huge exam and I'm really stressed, lol. Thank you for reading! A moodboard for this chapter can be found here. Chapter 14 : Home Notes: This chapter is shorter than usual, but it is probably one of the most important chapters thus far. I hope you’ll like it. Thank you to my exceptional friend and Sister in the Force, Helene, for beta reading this chapter for me. I am so grateful that you took the time away from your own writing to read this for me and give me your approval stamp ;) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 14: Home Time will take our place. We return it back to one The calm before the cold, The long and lonely road. Look for the light that leads me home. Tired of feeling lost, tired of letting go. Tear the whole world down, tear the whole world down. Failure. We bury the sunlight, we bury the sunlight. Failure. Failure, Breaking Benjamin For three days, Ben refused to let her lift a finger – despite her arguing that she felt completely fine. He was adamant that she needed her rest, and wouldn’t let her out of bed until he was certain she was in perfect health. In truth, her every protest was purely superficial. She just loved the way he caught her around her middle whenever she tried to escape, and carried her back to bed with his nose touching hers. She loved the way he pinned her down and kissed her neck before tickling her ribs so much that she was crying from laughter. She loved the surprise on his face when she flipped his game on him and he was the one getting pinned, his arms above his head, sculpted arm muscles at perfect angle for her to admire, her hair falling like a curtain around them. She loved this side of him. This unguarded, open side. When she was hungry or thirsty, he brought her cups of steaming tea or soup, and he made pasta on her request. He massaged her feet (which ended up in him trailing kisses all the way up from her ankles, towards other places that had her shuddering in pleasure – she truly couldn’t complain) and he even played with her hair. She was a little in awe that he knew how to make a braid, but his slender fingers were aptly suited to braiding her unruly tresses into many, narrow braids that he tied back with the green ribbon. Which of course made her insist that she braid his hair as well. She gathered his ink-black hair at his temples, and wove tight braids along his scalp and used a lock of hair to twist his wavy tresses into a knot. It felt nostalgic somehow, like she’d braided his hair a thousand times before. She ascribed it to their bond that only seemed to have grown in intensity with every moment after their first love making. It was like every fibre of her being had become hyperaware of him – at some moments, she realized that their entire conversation had taken place through their connection, with thoughts and feelings and no verbal words. All the while, the snow fell like fields of stars, turning the little house into a world all of its own. It was the happiest three days of her entire life. On the fourth day, Rey woke up to find a flower lying on the pillow beside her. It was tiny and white, with cup-shaped petals holding a golden center. Her pulse fluttered, wonder blooming across her face. She took it between forefinger and thumb, and brought it to her nose to inhale the sweet scent. Her eyes fell shut, her lips curving into an unrestrainable smile. She bit her lip, already reaching for him through the Force– At that moment, he entered the bedroom. She sat up, the blanket falling down to reveal pale shoulders and tousled hair. She looked up at him amazement. “Where ever did you find a flower?” The corner of his mouth quirked, his eyes falling away from hers. He sat down beside her, the bed dipping slightly beneath his weight. He reached up, brushing a fingertip over the snow-white petals. “Beneath the stairway… In a hollow free from the worst of the snow.” He met her eyes, and smiled. “It made me think of you and your spinebarrel.” Her heart stilled, warmth spiralling through her chest. “Underneath that broody exterior, you’re actually kind of sweet,” she murmured, biting her lip and running her fingers along one of his braids. He grunted. “I do not brood – “ “You absolutely do–“ He caught the hand that still played with his braid, and pecked a kiss into her palm. She giggled, cupping his cheek. “I have something for you as well,” she said. He tilted his head into her hand, his smile growing into a smirk as he nosed her wrist. “Oh?” She huffed a short laugh, playfully shoving him away. “Not that kind of something.” He hummed beneath his breath, feigning disappointment. She shook her head. “Close your eyes.” He met her gaze, then did as instructed, a smile lingering on his lips. Drawing a deep breath through her nose, she took his hand again, and wove her fingers through his. She shut her eyes. And thought back to that moment on the Millenium Falcon, when she stood surrounded by allies and watched a tiny droid light up the room with a hologram of a map. She thought of every detail she could recall, every detail that showed the exact location of Luke Skywalker. All of this, she sent to him through their bond. When her eyes opened, he was looking at her with a stark, almost-stunned expression. “There,” she said softly. “I held up my end of the deal. A few days late, of course, but still…” His unwavering gaze remained fixed on her, as his essence flickered with so many things. Fear, uncertainty, gratefulness. He dipped his head away, his hand tightening into hers. She raised his hand to her lips, and placed a kiss on the backs of his fingers. “Whatever happens now, I trust you.” He looked at her from beneath the wild fringe of his hair. “You say that, despite all the hurt I’ve caused you– “ A bitter laugh huffed from his lips. “You trust me, when I do not trust myself.” Her lips thinned as she leaned forward and pressed her hand against his heart. It thudded warmly beneath her palm. Looking into his eyes, she said, “I trust in this . And you should too.” Kylo Ren was having the dream again. But it was different this time. It had always felt vivid, but now the detail was astonishing. The orchard was in full-bloom, a heaven of pink, delicate blossoms, their scent lingering like perfume in the sunlit air. Shafts of golden light cut through the breeze-stirred branches, throwing dapples of gold and silver on the grass-and-petal carpet beneath his feet. He could feel the sunlight warming his back, the breeze caressing his hair. And the song. A clear, sweet voice was singing the song. But this time, it wasn’t only a melody. “It's alright let her sleep She can't understand now… No, you don't speak to her Because she doesn't feel this heart anymore…” He moved, his steps leading directly to the large tree beyond the crumbling stone wall. Every time, he’d been drawn to the tree, knowing it had some importance, but uncertain what that was… But to deny its pull would have been impossible. His heart pounded against his ribs as though he’d been running for miles, the soft earth crunching beneath his boots as he ducked beneath branches that scattered petals into his hair. “Four winds and I'm alone… My notes without fortune Let her still sleep Let her die first…” He felt dizzy, heart racing, but with every nearing step he came to know what he would find. “…This soul without love.” He reached the wall. Beneath low-hanging branches heavy with pink blossoms, he caught a glimpse of a swing. And a girl. She had her back towards him. She was dressed in simple robes, her brown hair tied back into three buns. Her delicate fingers held onto the ropes of the swing, her short legs barely reaching the ground. His breath snagged in his throat, realization slamming like a sledgehammer into his chest. The singing stopped, and the girl turned towards him. “Ben?” His heart wrenched, the world grinding to a halt. “I’ve been waiting! What took you so long?” He couldn’t move. He couldn’t breathe. She slipped from the swing, and smiled up at him as she came to the crumbled gap in the old wall. No. No! This couldn’t be– But her eyes . That unique fusion of green and brown; like a spinebarrel flower blooming in the sand– “Rey,” he breathed. And all at once, he knew. “It is you… It’s been you all along.” He remembered. With sharp pains spiking through his head, he remembered . She was the one he’d been searching for that day. That day when everything had changed. That day when he’d murdered his fellow Jedi. She’d been there. She’d been one of them– He’d been searching for her ! She… He took a step closer. And her eyes clouded with fear. “Ben? What are you doing?” He picked his way over the mossy, scattered stones of the wall. He felt strange, his heart pounding too loud in his ears. He was moving, even though he wanted to stop, even though he wanted nothing more than to erase the terror from her eyes. But still he neared, as she retreated into the shade of the tree… And the sunlight faded away as he became aware of something cold and sleek in his palm. He glanced down. His lightsaber. Instinctively, he knew it wasn’t broken anymore – he could feel the power of the crystal humming inside. Unbidden, he summoned the blade. It crackled into existence, and a tiny gasp hitched from Rey’s lips as her back met the tree trunk. His hand was shaking – what was he doing? Why was he doing this? He clenched his teeth, trembles racking through him as he compelled himself to extinguish the blade– But he couldn’t. And all he could think of was the story the trader had told him, of the boy and the girl and the tree– A rush of memories sent a splitting headache through his head, his clawed fingers reaching up to hover fingertips over the scar on his face as he remembered bruised knuckles pressing into a door, remembered her hands shoving against his chest, remembered fingers weaving his hair into braids but they were tiny hands, like the wings of little birds– – And that he’d never really had a choice after all. It would always have come to this. It always will come to this. His shadow fell across her pale, wide-eyed face. “Ben, please! You don’t have to do this!” The blade crackled and hummed almost joyously, as he raised it towards her– Her eyes squeezed shut– He thrust forward. And then she was no longer little. She was his Rey. His. And his lightsaber was pierced through her heart… and her fingers were caressing his cheek. “Monsters… do not care about saving little birds...” she said. A sneer curled his lip. “No. They do not.” But then, all at once, he was no longer looking into her eyes, or standing beneath the tree. It was no longer her fingers caressing his cheek… “Ben!” It was his father, peering back at him in his final moments – eyes filled with such sorrow, such heartrending sorrow – before he slumped over and disappeared into the depths– A laugh pierced the darkness, but it was twisted and cruel, like the hissing of a snake. Icy shivers ran up his spine. Do you see now Kylo Ren? Do you see how you’ve been deluding yourself? Did you really think that you could ever have a normal life with the scavenger at your side? The voice slithered into his ear; he flinched. You are a monster. I should know. I made you one, after all– Then, like a snake slithering from the depths, the voice manifested into something real that wrapped around his throat and choked his breath away– And in every painful way imaginable, I can unmake you. “Ben! Wake up!” His eyes snapped open, his heart beating out of control like a storm raging inside his chest– “Ben!” She was looming over him – the real Rey, his Rey – but all he could see was his father’s face, and terror was like ice in his veins as a growl tore from between his bared teeth– He grabbed her upper arms and pinned her beneath him, his heart pounding in his ears drowning out her yelp of fright, his fingers digging into her flesh and her eyes were just as wide as they were in his nightmare– She called his name through their bond and it rang in his head. Ben it’s me – it’s alright – it was just a dream! His breath staggered and snagged, trembles shuddering through his arms. “Ben, look at me!” He did. She reached up, slowly, tentatively, like one reaches out to a wild animal. Her fingertips caressed his cheek, and his whole being shuddered in agony. “Ben?” His name fell brokenly from her lips, his misery tightening like a vice around her chest. He collapsed forward, shaking, his nose brushing against her throat. Her hand came to rest on his hair, her gaze lingering wide-eyed on the ceiling as her fingertips stroked his raven locks. She’d only caught a glimpse of his nightmare. When she’d touched his shoulder to wake him, an image had ghosted through her head. His father. Han Solo, with the crackling lightsaber plunged through his heart. Her eyes squeezed shut, her arms curving around Ben’s still-trembling form. Something warm and wet trailed across the skin of her throat, making her still. Was he– But then he brushed warm lips across the flutter of her pulse and sucked gently on the tender skin, drawing a gasp from her lips– And she lost herself in the fire of his kisses, in his touch demanding what her body was only too willing to give. In the heat of passion, the darkness of his nightmare was chased from her mind. It was still early when he rose from their bed. At some point, Rey had fallen asleep again. He spared a moment to look down at her. The strands of her hair were spilled like ink across the pillows, her delicate fingers were slightly curled and tucked beneath her chin. But even that single, lingering glance felt like a betrayal. What had he done? Given her hope, taken it for himself – when all along, it had been nothing more than a reckless dream? He dressed, took his lightsaber and headed to the warehouse. He stepped through the wrecked antechamber and into the open space where the hovercraft had been stored. He did not switch on the blade; it was not needed. He could practice his forms and techniques without it. And for several hours, he did, until there was only him, his breath, the pounding of his heart, and the strength in his veins. He discarded his robes and shirt; his body trembled, slick with sweat. Every sense and instinct honed in on the technique of the saber, on his stance – feet planted firmly, yet light with energy – on the movement flowing from one form to the next – fierce, dominant strikes that forced an opponent into defensive stances. His ribs proved to be a nuisance. In truth it was his harrowed breathing that caused him to tire out sooner than usual – but it spurred him on to work harder. It awoke the exhilaration he always found in battle – the only thing he had ever relished in. He was a cyclone of destructive power. It was all he could ever hope to be. And yet, even the euphoria from his training could not keep the fear nor the questions at bay. Had the whole nightmare been a trick Snoke had played on him? But why had it felt so real, so vivid – as though he’d really been there? No. It must have been a memory, at least in part. He was certain that Rey had been there that day, at the temple – that she’d been amongst the Younglings. But for the life of him he couldn’t remember anything else – couldn’t even remember one other memory with her in it. Was this why he’d been drawn to her from the start? Was their bond nothing more than suppressed memories? The fear and doubts pressed and rolled like waves against his consciousness, spilling their inked sickness into his veins that coiled and writhed like snakes in his chest. In the end, the decision had already been made for him. He should have known that there had never been any hope for him. He should have known he’d been a fool for thinking he could change his destiny. But there was still one thing he could do. He could protect her. Even if it meant he needed to tear out his own heart to do it. When Rey came out of the shower, she was still alone in the house. She reached for him through their bond, a gesture that was beginning to feel almost natural. Where are you? Only a moment passed, before his answer came. In the warehouse. She paused, letting out a little sigh. When she’d woken up and found him gone, she knew the terrors of the night still haunted him. She’d decided to give him some time, and tried to give him space through their bond. But did he know that he could rely on her? Did he know she would be here for him? That she wanted to learn how to carry his burdens? In the breadth of a moment her decision was made – she tugged on her coat, and headed towards the kitchen. Rey, stay inside. You shouldn’t be out in the cold. It isn’t snowing right now, and the sun is out. I could use some fresh air. She was almost to the door when she spotted his cloak across the back of the chair. She pursed her lips. You tell me to stay out of the cold and yet you aren’t even wearing your cloak. She donned the garment, draping it across her shoulders and pulling up the hood. Then she set off. Her breath fogged into the air, and the snow crunched beneath her boots. But it wasn’t nearly as cold as the days before – the sunlight cast the snow into mounds of shimmering silver and painted the rocky ridges in the distance with shades of blue-grey. It was beautiful. And dangerous, she thought with a quirk of her lips, like so many other beautiful things in this galaxy. She made her way into the warehouse, and found him bare-chested and leaning against the wall. For just a moment, her eyes trailed over him – taut, rippling muscle and pale skin, and hipbones that could drive her mad – but now was not the time for such thoughts. Not when there were dark circles beneath his eyes, and his arm was once again wrapped around his rib cage like in those first few days. She walked over to him, letting down the hood. He peered at her through his sweaty bangs, letting his eyes rove over her appearance, but he didn’t say anything. She came to stand in front of him, and fixed her eyes on his. He was still breathing hard from whatever exercise he’d been doing, and his eyes fell shut as he tipped his head back against the wall. But she cupped his cheek, his skin hot against hers, and forced him to look down at her. “Ben. You don’t have to tell me what your nightmare was about. But I need you to know that I’m here for you. Please, you don’t have to suffer alone.” Something pained stirred in his eyes and it made her chest ache as he reached up to lay his hand over hers. After a long moment, he closed his eyes, and murmured, “I do not deserve you.” She swallowed, and pressed on, before her courage could fail her, “You do. But that is not the point of love, is it?” Shock snapped across his features, stark umber eyes flying open. Her heart stopped. She tugged her hand from his, took a step back, opened her lips to apologize– But he reached for her, and cupped her face, and held her prisoner in that intense gaze that was like a fire all on its own. His hands were trembling against her skin. She reached up, fingers curling around his wrist. “It’s alright,” she murmured. “You don’t have to say anything. You already knew how I felt–“ “Rey…” He leaned in, placed a shaky kiss on her forehead. “Whatever is left of my heart… It is yours. It will always be yours.” Rey stood in the kitchen, her quarterstaff on her back, her fingers trailing over the ribbon once again tied to her wrist. Dim light fell through the windows, casting the quiet home in soft greys. It had felt strange, waking up this morning, and knowing they were leaving. So much had changed. And she couldn’t recall ever having been more terrified in her life. At first she’d felt it was only right to leave things as they’d found them – she’d started putting everything neatly in its place, but he’d caught her hand and told her to stop. To leave everything as they’d left it. To leave the evidence of their time spent here, together. It had made her heart ache, but he’d been right. And now she stood there, fists at her sides, her gaze trailing over the tiny place that had come to feel like home. The clean dishes by the sink, the teapot on the counter, the little, white flower she’d left in a vase on the table. The door to the bedroom stood ajar, revealing a neatly made bed, but the stains of blood from their first night here yet remained. Would she ever see this place again? This place, that had changed everything? His heavy steps came up the stairs, and she met his gaze through the kitchen doorway. “You ready?” he asked. She nodded, and drew a deep breath. With a last look, she joined him outside, and he locked the door behind them. And as they walked hand in hand to the TIE fighter, she knew, as long as he remained by her side, she would always be home. Notes: Okay I have quite a few things to say, so bear with me you wonderful people! I can’t believe we’ve reached this point... I’ve been emotional about it all day. *sniffles* I’ve been planning these scenes January, and to see them finally happening is truly a big deal for me. But we all knew they had to leave at some point, right? However this story is far from over. Stay tuned, for it’s only going to get more complicated from here! Then I also need to say thank you. To all my readers, YOU ARE INSANELY AMAZING. The feedback I’ve gotten from you… It’s touched me very deeply. I’m just a girl, sitting alone in her room, writing this story. To know my fanfic means something to you as well, even if it only made you smile, that really makes me very happy. That said, here is a special person I need to thank! Morgaine, who made FANART for this story!! *happy squeals* You can find the art on her deviantart; here and here . Please check them out, they’re absolutely lovely and I couldn’t be more thankful for her taking the time to make two pieces of gorgeous art inspired by my writing :) Finally, the song Rey sings in the story, is called Nuvole Bianche by Ludovico Einaudi (the vocal version). It’s an Italian song. You can find a translation here . The grammar is a little weird, but you’ll get the idea. If you want, go listen to it, as it’s one of the most beautiful songs ever.