Ben disliked flying into Mos Eisley. It reeked, his clothes often got stained, and someone was always gunning for him there. With the uneasy alliance between the First Order and the Resistance, Ben still had to deal with occasional bounties on his head. But a job was a job and Ben had taken it upon himself to hunt down the remaining Knights of Ren. Poe had shot him an encrypted message last night stating that rumors were that a dark side user had been seen in Mos Eisley. Ben had sighed and kicked his feet off the console on his little rented Z headhunter and punched in the coordinates for Tatooine. He hated sandy planets. He loathed when he tripped into Rey’s dreams and they were back on Jakku. He would wake up with the feeling of sand scraping against his skin and he swore there were granules in his sheets. Ben tossed a hood over his hair and kept his head down as he headed toward the cantina. Buy a few drinks, listen to the locals, maybe bribe a few people. Han's advice was timeless in this area. He opened himself to the Force but could feel no signature on the winds, nothing pulsing through him to let him know that a dark side user was on planet. He frowned, throwing a quick glance around him before he slipped into the bar. He spent several hours listening to the locals babble about the failures of the Republic, the allure of aligning themselves with no one, and, most importantly, who was going to win the pod races. Ben mentioned looking for a job when anyone stared at him for a beat longer than they should. His scar was almost too familiar to the galaxy at large. He sipped his way through three Corellian ales before recognizing that he was teetering on the edge of drunk and stumbled out to find a room. Ben found a sleepy inn at the edge of town, shabby but clean. He was doubtful he would fit on the tiny bed but the fresher was sparkling and modern and he stripped eagerly, stretching his arms when he was hit by a crippling blow in his midsection. Ben stumbled back and hauled in air, wheezing and he cast out,searching blindly. Rey , he wildly thought and opened the bond more fully before reeling back against the wall. He was assaulted by images, of clashing lightsabers, of Rey howling in pain as a lightsaber nicked her arm. Ben gasped and squeezed the dull ache on his bicep. Her assailant rained blow after blow on her and Rey instinctively blocked them, unable to find a way through them. Ben felt a burning sensation in his thigh and guessed Rey was either blindsided or shot with a blaster. Rey, link with me, he commanded. He needed to open himself up to her, allow her to steal whatever knowledge she needed from him. Tripping over some unseen object, Rey went down with a startled cry, her blade in front of her. Without thinking, Ben slipped into her mind and parried the combatant's harsh down slice. Growling through her, Ben pushed Rey up and began to fight back, guiding Rey through more aggressive fighting stances. Out of my mind! Rey snarled Link with me! Ben roared back and with a gnashing of her teeth, Rey complied and the Force flowed between them, combining Ben’s sword knowledge with Rey’s innate ferocity. Their opponent was more than ready for them, his face bathed in purple light, his red lightsaber cutting quickly toward them. With a brief side step, Rey blocked his saber and then leaned to the side, bringing her saber around and slicing at his wrist. The opponent screamed and clutched at his arm. Ben took the opportunity to guide Rey’s leg into a fast kick into his face. Don’t kick them while they are down, Rey shot at him. Don’t ever trust they go down with the first blow, Ben retorted. This guy is good. Who is he? Master Luke found him on one of the Outer Rim planets. We suspect he’s been here since before the Empire. Has an entire stash of Sith holocrons. Really? Ben perked up at this. Rey rolled her eyes at him as she dropped to one knee on the mossy floor next to the dark side user. “I’ll tell you nothing!”he hissed at her, his yellow eyes narrowing. Rey just gave a small shake of her head and waved her hand, stealing the man’s conscience. He slumped to the ground and Ben chuckled. Nice, he complimented her and Rey replied: I’m a fast learner. Ben stood up from where he had slumped against the wall and let his mind run over Rey’s body. Rey was floating the man’s body toward a ship nearby and Ben stretched out on his small bed, lending her his strength. She was injured but determined to see this through. He observed her as she locked the prisoner in a part of the ship and stumbled toward the pilot’s chair, sinking into the old leather of the Millennium Falcon. She blew out her air and let her pain run through her. Ben closed his eyes and envisioned her injuries, concentrating on the burn on her thigh. Bit by bit he closed it up until it was only a bright pink line on her leg. Rey filled their bond with her wonderment and her fuzzy headed exhaustion, her mind tipping into a doze. Ben opened his eyes, drenched in sweat. Healing was not a particular talent of his but with the bond, he had tapped into Rey’s strength and had used them to accelerate the reknitting of the muscles and veins and skin. She still needed to see a doctor but the worst of it was patched up. He was a bit dizzy when he stumbled out of bed, shambling toward the fresher. The harsh lights of Mos Eisley flooded through the room and he slapped the control to bring down the blinds. He sighed in relief, feeling the headache gather behind his eyes. He had pushed himself too hard and would suffer later. Ben turned the shower on hot and stepped in, groaning as the water warmed his muscles. He propped one hand on the wall, resting his weight against it, letting the water sluice over his body. His mind was drifting when he felt the first brush against his thighs. Thinking he was overtired, he ignored it. The warmth moved up his thighs and settled around his groin and Ben’s breath hitched. He felt a definite mischievousness in the Force and focused on Rey just as he felt the distinct sensation of a tongue running over his balls. He moaned. Rey? He hazarded. Thanks for the help, she purred and again he felt a tongue lathing his sack and he was breathing hard. His cock twitched and he shifted under the shower, feeling harder than he’s felt in months. Rey, stop, he pleaded just as her mouth enveloped him and he let his head fall back and he murmured her name. It’s been so long, Ben, she whispered across his mind, across the stars. You promised we would meet up again soon. Emergency side trip , he ground out, lost in the sensation of her mouth moving up and down his cock, her fingers cupping his balls, her tongue swirling around the tip, flicking against the slit, and without any embarrassment, he grasped himself in his hand and began pumping. He felt her glee, felt her attention drift above his waist, her teeth grazing his nipples, her mouth suckling on his collarbone. He was moving faster now, his hips jerking and she projected an image of herself, legs sprawled, her hand between her legs, her chest rising and falling and he wanted nothing more than to take her breast in his mouth and inhale her, bring her essence into his blood, wrap those muscular legs around his hips and pound into her. Rey cried out at the sensation and he felt her clenching around her fingers and he grunted, coming hard in hand, moving his fingers over himself furiously. He let out a shuddering breath and leaned against the shower wall. Now I actually need to get clean, he thought wryly, feeling Rey’s chest heaving. Now you actually need to come and find me, she responded. It’s been almost a year. Do you want to end up like your parents? Seeing each other once a year? Ben winced at her strident tone and shook his head. Come to Tatooine, he murmured and saw her stick her tongue out. No, I’m done with desert planets, thanks. He gave a gruff laugh at that and turned the water off, stepping out and wrapping a towel around his hips. Rey gave a little pout, hoping to catch a glimpse of him in the mirror. She saw so much through his eyes, felt so much through his body and she with him. It was rare that they kept it as wide open as they did now. Too dangerous, too easy for other Force users to sense. He was pretty sure that his uncle has experienced a few of his and Rey's encounters from the displeased glances he gets from him when they run into one another. Feeling Rey's disappointment and being playful, he twisted toward the mirror and flashed it quickly and Rey giggled with glee. He felt her pleasure at the glimpse of his toned body and he preened. I have to go to Bothawui and meet up with Luke, Rey suggests and Ben shrugs. He sees his family occasionally but doesn't want to be distracted from Rey by his uncle. Luke would want to talk, would want to see how many times Ben accidentally accessed the dark side (only twice, uncle, it happens) , spar with him. Instead Ben wanted to find a luxurious suite with a large bed and keep Rey tied up into it, lick her raw, lose himself in her, feed her in bed, slide the Sullustan diamond necklace around her neck that he won in a game of sabacc. Rey nudged him, sensing his thoughts straying and he smiled softly at her. I’ll see you in Bothawui, he promises and Rey smirks. You said that last month. You better show or I’m going to tie you up. He winks at her and feels her blush. Always, my love. Once my work is done here. He slips into the sheets on the bed, his feet dangling over the end, the plastic frame cutting into his ankles. He sighs and bunches his knees up, sensing Rey is powering up the Falcon, getting ready to rendezvous with Luke. Soon, my love, he whispers as he lets his mind close. You better, she mocks threatens and blows him a kiss from across the galaxy. Notes: At the end of Stained Glass, I thought about doing an Adventures of Ben Solo but never got around to it. Maybe I will, maybe I won't. If I do, this would be a part of that.