“Does my pet know why he is being punished...?” Kylo whines gently and looks up at Hux. “Yes, Master. I disobeyed you... by letting myself come when you said I couldn’t.” “And, in the future....?” “I won’t do it again, I promise. Next time I’ll follow all your orders perfectly.” Kylo moves forward just a little, stretching out a hand to Hux from his place on the floor. His knees ache from the cold tile, and he’s starting to get cold, naked except for the thin collar around his neck. His lower lip trembles. “Please forgive me, Master.” Hux bends, just slightly, to take Kylo’s chin in his hand- ignoring Kylo’s outstretched arm. He tilts Kylo’s face upward and strokes his thumb against Kylo’s cheek. “You still need to be punished,” he says smoothly. Kylo nods energetically, a few tears slipping from the corners of his eyes. “Please, Master....” “Please, what?” Hux asks. He brings his right hand up to Kylo’s hair, yanking Kylo’s head sharply back. Kylo moans and closes his eyes. “Please- punish me, Master.” “Hmph.” Hux drops Kylo’s head and crosses his arms, walking around Kylo in a slow circle. “What to do with such a needy pet...?” Kylo looks up at him, doe eyes streaming, waiting for his discipline. Hux’s thin shoulders look larger than usual in his suit; that black jacket over the white shirt. It had just so happened that when Kylo failed to serve Hux properly, it had been a few minutes before a very important party, and though Kylo- being a very pampered pet- was able to loll around at home, Hux simply could not afford himself the same luxury. He had a career, and this specific event had been important, and he had had no choice but to leave Kylo naked in this room with instructions not to dress himself and the knowledge that he would be punished. Of course, once he returned, Hux had immediately checked up on the status of his pet- still naked, though now clean and ready to be played with again. Hux stops pacing. His mouth quirks up in an evil smile. “Wait here,” he says, and Kylo nods, batting his eyelashes up at Hux as Hux leaves the room. A few moments pass. Kylo knows Hux is stretching the time to keep him waiting, knows it and loves it anyway. He wants to touch himself so badly, no, for Hux to touch him. He needs to feel Hux’s soft hands on him, those thin fingers, that pale skin, the perfectly-manicured nails. He’s so hard- fuck- he wants his Master to let him come. He feels like he’ll die if he doesn’t. The door clicks open once more, and Kylo immediately leans toward it, not daring to get up from his position on his hands and knees. Hux enters, towing a black desk chair. Kylo recognizes it. It’s his chair. He opens his mouth to protest, but instantly quiets at a raise of Hux’s eyebrow. “Good boy,” Hux murmurs, rolling the chair to the center of the room. He moves forward to pet Kylo’s hair appreciatively, and Kylo makes a soft noise under Hux’s palm. He opens his eyes just in time to see that cruel grin return. “Now, you will be punished.” Hux leaves Kylo where he is, turning to sit down on the desk chair. He crosses his legs, and his next command is soft enough that Kylo almost misses it. “Sit down in the corner.” Kylo obeys eagerly, dropping himself almost painfully onto the hard tile so that his back is to the place where the walls meet. He doesn’t dare put his head back to rest, blinking dutifully up at Hux from the floor. He watches Hux’s eyes trace a path up his naked body and shivers, resisting the urge to adjust his collar where it’s rubbing at his neck. “Do you want to hear your punishment?” Hux asks lightly, tapping his fingers against his knee. Kylo nods, leaning forward. “Yes, Master. Please.” He licks his lips, desperate. Hux smiles down at him and steeples his hands. “I am going to bring myself off. Here, in your chair, looking at you. You will not be allowed to serve me. You will not be allowed to touch yourself. If you come...” he trails off, leaning toward Kylo slightly. Kylo is afraid to break eye contact, his face already hot with lust. “If you come,” Hux continues, “I will simply have to find myself another submissive. Is that what you want?” “No, Master.” Kylo shakes his head quickly, feeling sweat coat his palms. He wipes them on the floor hurriedly, making sure to keep his legs open and his body on display for Hux. “No, please, Master, I’ll be good.” “I’m sure you will. Close your eyes.” Kylo does as ordered, trembling slightly. He hears the rustle of clothing, a zipper, knows Hux is pulling off his pants. He imagines Hux opening his shirt, hearing the sound of nimble fingers undoing the buttons. His mind is filled with what Hux must look like; half-naked, hard, reclining in that chair. His chair. In a way, he’s still serving Hux. Kylo shivers. “Open.” He blinks twice, looking up at Hux. His imagination was correct, slightly bettered by the way Hux’s hair is coming out of its usually perfectly-styled state. Hux is already stroking himself, looking directly at Kylo. Kylo imagines how difficult it must be for Hux, not making a sound, not changing his facial expression, just looking at Kylo like this, but Hux makes it look effortless. He smiles at Kylo, hand moving up and down slowly. Kylo’s leg twitches, and he bites his lip to keep from touching himself. Hux is still looking at him, still getting himself off, lips red and slightly swollen from the way he keeps running his tongue over them. Kylo watches Hux as he leans back, suddenly panting, and works himself harder. His hand is sliding fast against his cock; Kylo can hear him breathing and takes note of every movement for the next time he can serve Hux. Hux’s hips jolt forward, and Kylo whimpers at the sight. “Master,” he whispers. He wants to touch Hux so badly he’s lost himself. Hux lets out a sharp moan at this, reaching his peak, come spilling over his fingers onto the floor. Sitting forward, he looks down at Kylo, who is still waiting on the floor. Naked, repentant, wanting. Squirming just to avoid touching himself. “You’re in luck, pet.” Hux steadies his breathing and smiles. “I’ve decided to forgive you.” Kylo gasps and opens his mouth as if already prepared to thank Hux. Hux shakes his head and points to the space in front of his chair with his clean hand. His right hand. “One more thing.” Kylo crawls to Hux and sits before him, knees inward, thighs resting on the cold floor. “Yes, Master?” he asks. Hux extends his left hand, dripping with his own come. “Lick it,” he orders, and sits back. Kylo, only too happy to be once again following orders, drags his tongue over every one of Hux’s fingers, savouring the taste of Hux in his mouth. His mouth burns from keeping it open so long, but he doesn’t care. He nibbles at Hux’s palm and sucks the last drops of sticky, salty liquid from his fingers before taking Hux’s hand gently in both of his own and kissing Hux’s- now very clean- wrist. Hux sighs and runs his right hand through Kylo’s hair, satisfied. “Good job, pet,” he murmurs, and gently snaps off Kylo’s collar. Kylo whines lightly- is that all?- and with only a short tsk in disapproval, Hux motions for Kylo to follow him into the bedroom. If Kylo thought he was going to be allowed to come this time, he was sorely mistaken. The playroom and everything in it can be cleaned tomorrow, but for now... Hux tiredly pulls off his shirt and jacket, tossing both onto the desk, before climbing into bed nude. Kylo follows him eagerly, lying down on top of him and wrapping one large arm across Hux’s bare chest. Kylo has been a good pet today. Hux rubs Kylo’s back and decides to reward him for taking his punishment so well tomorrow. Notes: Will I ever write anything of this fashion ever again? ...Regrettably, yes, I probably will. I have something like six thousand headcanons for this one AU, so I have to get them out somehow. Please do not comment/interact with me if you're a reylo shipper! It triggers me.