She was meant to be meditating. She knew that her master waited for her, growing increasingly irritated with each passing chime of the chrono. She could easily feel it through the Force-- she suspected he was projecting, trying to guilt her-- and she did feel slightly bad about it. It was just that she wanted to do literally anything else. And, as a princess, she felt she surely had the right to do exactly that. There had been a time, back when she was a child, that Beatrice had jumped at the chance to study the intricacies of the Force-- and let it not be said that she was any less interested in the ways of the Sith, for she definitely was. It was just that she was all grown up now, a whole twelve years old, and she was sick of the tedium, of doing the same basic exercises day after day. Perhaps, if her boycott were successful, Daddy would finally stop treating her like a child and teach her more about what she really wanted to learn! What was the point of having her own lightsaber-- all pretty in violet and thrumming with barely constrained power-- if she still had to spar against droids with a wooden stick? There was one slight problem, though. If she wasn't going to spend her day training... What would she spend her day doing? She couldn't return to her quarters, where all her books and toys and games were; surely her nanny droid would be on the lookout for her, ready to drag her by her ear to Daddy or (worse) Father or (much, much worse) Mom. The weather outside was seasonably dreary, so there'd be no playing in the palace gardens or going for an adventure in the wood. She'd have to rely on her oldest standby: bothering her siblings. Based on the time, she knew that Godwin would still be off on a riding lesson, but Eupheme would be in their quarters, flitting about and doing whatever it was she did during those few awful periods of the day when she was forced to be apart from her twin. She would welcome the company, surely. She snuck her way through the halls, shielding herself from passing servants' minds, until she arrived at her siblings' shared quarters. The door was open slightly, and the light tinkling of a harp could be heard; Eupheme was quite interested in her instruments. "Euphie!" she called out as she stepped inside. "Play with me!" The person sitting at the harp, long hair tied back in ribbons and lithe, pale body in a plain but elegant gown, looked up and smiled at her. The servants passing the room certainly wouldn't have noticed anything-- in fact, there was a good chance that any of their parents could have missed the difference, if just casually glancing in to check. But, Beatrice knew right away. She groaned into her hands. "Godwin!" she said. "Not again! Father is already so cross with you!" In all their seventeen years, there had been an approximately half-hour period in which Godwin and Eupheme had not looked almost exactly alike. Just a few years back, when they were twelve, their father had decided that their usual punishments for "switching"-- pretending to be the other twin when they wanted to get out of lessons or simply felt like tricking people-- was not severe enough. He'd taken Godwin by his long ginger locks and shorn him in front of the whole court. He'd been very pleased by his own cleverness, she remembered. At least, until the next day, when Eupheme had shown up to breakfast completely bald. (They'd grown their hair out again together, as they did all things, and the courtiers tried not to whisper too loudly about how Emperor Brendol Hux, the Killer of Stars, had been bested by his own children.) "Oh, Father's always cross about something." He'd even gone to the lengths of painting his face, the way Daddy had taught them, which she felt was just fanning the flames unnecessarily. "I'd rather deal with his wrath than show up to my own debut saddle sore." "So, instead you force it on poor Euphie?" "She's got enough padding to protect her... Don't you dare tell her I said that, though." He patted the bench next to him, but when she drew close, he pulled her onto his lap instead. "My sweet little Bee! Are you excited for tomorrow?" She shrugged as well as she could in his grip. "A little bit," she said. "I'm excited to dance outside of a classroom, and see all the pretty clothes... But, I'm nervous about being around so many people. What if I get stressed and start reading people's minds by accident?" "You won't be stressed. You'll have lots of fun and meet all the lovely Imperial boys Grandmama wants to marry you off to." "I'll never marry," she said, sniffing delicately. "Sith don't get married." "If you think I'm letting you out of suffering through your grim duty just because you were lucky enough to be born with magic powers, you've got another thing coming!" He started to tickle her, making her giggle and throw her limbs about violently. They were so caught up in their games that they didn't see Eupheme enter the room until she was close enough for them to smell the blood. Her (well, Godwin's, really) riding outfit was stained dark with drying blood, but from the exhilarated grin on her face, none of it was hers. "I killed a simply gorgeous sand panther while out. Wicked creature. Gave me a good fight before I shot it between the eyes." She took off her helmet, letting her long coppery hair fall down past her shoulders. "Mother caught me on the way in, though, so I'm afraid that's your mess to deal with, Goddy." He groaned loudly, settling Beatrice down onto the ground so he could put his head in his hands. "Well," he said, at length, "I suppose I was due for another 'special lesson.'" They all cringed. They knew what "special lessons" were. It mainly involved being dropped on an isolated planet with nothing more than a few survival tools and their own wits to get them to safety. Sure, they had Stormtroopers following their progress at all times, but nobody had stepped in to help when a six year old Beatrice had to chew her way out of a giant spider's web. Mom said it built character. Eupheme settled next to Godwin on the bench, stealing Beatrice to sit upon her own lap. She didn't mind how they liked treating her, how they enjoyed, practically reveled in moving her about like an overlarge doll; she knew that, in only a few short years, she'd be stronger and bigger than the both of them. Until then, resting her head on her big sister's shoulder, inhaling the scent of foreign blood and sweat... It felt like home. "Have you decided on your outfit for tomorrow, Bee?" she asked. "I know Father instructed the tailors to deliver your choices to your quarters yesterday evening." "They were there." She'd never seen so much taffeta in her life. The twins didn't know how lucky they were; since they were the oldest and destined to rule, their wardrobes were stocked with utilitarian but stylish clothes, with the dark reds, gold, and black of their house. Beatrice, on the other hand, was the eternally childish pretty princess, and was expected to dress the part. "I don't want any of them! I'll just wear my formal robes, like Daddy will." "Daddy can get away with looking like a scruffy nerf herder. When you're old enough to tear a man's heart in half with a mere wave, you'll be able to wear whatever you want," she said. "Until then, you're stuck dressing however Father wants you to dress." She sulked. Eupheme slowly smiled, a crafty look in her eyes. "If you wear one of the dresses Father picked for you," she said, "I promise that I will personally paint your face up like a Nabooian queen. You'd like that, wouldn't you?" "Maybe..." she said demurely. "If it's Queen Apailana." "Deal." She sighed happily and hugged her even closer. "I can hardly believe you'll have your own debut in only a few years time... We're all growing much too quickly for my tastes..." It was at that time that their nanny droid happened upon them and forcibly removed Beatrice from her siblings' grasps, intending to frog march her to her father and whatever punishment wasting a half-day's training time would earn. It was easy enough to ditch Nanny; all she had to do was slip into the shadows and disappear, something that came very naturally to her. About halfway to her father's study, she turned on her heel into another hall, rushing away as quietly as she could, silently giggling at her own cleverness. Usually, it worked. Unless there was already someone else in those shadows. Strong arms hooked around her and raised her high off her feet, and she found herself being pulled into-- ah, the gym! She recognized the equipment; it was the one her mother had for personal training, not the one for general family use or Sith-specific activities. Which made her wonder why, of all the many places in the palace that Lord Kylo Ren could skulk and wait for his wayward apprentice, he'd chosen one of the few rooms he had no business being in. She wriggled easily out of his grasp and dropped to the floor. When she turned on him, she kept her face stern; until she knew what mood he was in, she couldn't start joking or kidding around. He looked like he was in a good enough humor, but it was, admittedly, a bit hard for her to tell. He was a severe man, scary and savage looking even without his usual heavy robes; even in the lighter fabrics he wore for training, he looked like he could easily blot out the sun. His hair being tied back hardly helped; it made everything in his face stand out even more than it usually did, especially the angry scar that bisected it. She dipped her head forward slightly in a bow, hands folded apologetically in front of her. "I pray your forgiveness, Master," she said softly. "I shouldn't have skipped my lessons. I'll accept any punishment you think right." For the most part, when it came to his children, Lord Ren was sweet as a lamb. But, at any point in time, even they could get the lion. She didn't look up until she heard the snort of laughter. She grinned widely, mirroring him. She was always happy to get the lamb. "I shouldn't laugh," he said, though he hardly stopped. "I just... It's really adorable when you act so serious. It's so cute." "It's not cute!" she said with a fake huff, stamping her foot. "I'm a very serious Sith warrior!" "You're not a Sith either, Beatrice Anakin." It was embarrassing, she thought, how he insisted on calling all the children by their first and middle names. It reminded her to be grateful for Mother, though; if not for her, it was very likely that Anakin would have been her first name! "You're just a disciple of the dark side of the Force, with no alignment to any greater movement." "But, I like being Sith," she said. "They're so interesting, with their traditions and their customs... It's so fascinating! Why can't we be Sith? Give one good reason!" "Well," he said wryly, "there's the part where Sith apprentices usually end up killing their masters to gain their power." She looked at him as seriously as she could manage. "I would never kill you, Daddy," she said. "Not for all the power in the world." She had told him that many, many times throughout the years, and he always made the same odd face afterwards. She had no idea why. "I promise I'll make up all the training I've missed after the ball," she said. "I want to start really training, though!" "And what have we been doing up until now?" he asked, not unkindly. "Boring stuff! You won't even let me spar with my real lightsaber! What was the point of going on that awful adventure if I can't even use it?" "I just don't want you to hurt yourself with it," he said. "You're too young to hold that much power." "I've been holding too much power since the day I was born." "Point. And that's the burden I put on you. You can see why I'm not too eager to increase it." He smiled and placed a large, calloused hand on her head. "You're growing up too fast." "But, not fast enough!" He sighed dramatically. "Fine," he said. "If you're a good girl tomorrow and let your father have his big day, we can begin your 'real' training." "I will act in a manner befitting my pedigree," she said loftily, giving him a small curtsy. "Maybe a little bet better than that." She left her father then, with a kiss and a hug goodbye, as always, and decided that, after such a long and stressful day of actively avoiding responsibilities, it was time for her to retire early. When she saw her mother in her room, she panicked-- until she remembered that Godwin was the Bad Child for today, and that she hadn't done anything too terrible. She was dressed like she'd just come from the barracks, and she most likely had; she'd been spending nearly all her time on security preparations for the ball. "Is something the matter, Mother?" she asked, going formal in her speech just in case something was the matter. "There was a delivery just a little while ago. I suppose word must have gotten to the tailor about how you weren't happy with your dresses--" "They're not that bad," she said, a bit too quickly. "-- and he managed to pull something together at the last minute. I think it'll be a bit more to your tastes." She stepped to the side and revealed the dress that was laid out on her bed. Beatrice moved forward to get a better look, and she liked what she saw. Though the dress was still, in her opinion, a mess of tulle and taffeta, it was a much darker color than the others, a rather fetching royal blue, and had a high neckline crusted with glimmering gems. It was definitely an improvement. "It's beautiful! I love it!" She threw her arms around her mother's middle, pressed her face against her stomach. "You're the best mom ever!" She stroked her daughter's thick black hair and smiled. "Just promise me you'll be on your best behavior tomorrow," she said. "Your father is already close to a coronary over the whole thing. "I'll be as perfect as perfect can be," she said. "... Though, you might want to tell Daddy that too, just to be sure." "Oh, don't you worry. He's going to be getting a very special warning tonight." Her mother left, and Beatrice burrowed her way under the thick covers of her bed. The dim lights reflected prettily off the gems on her dress, and she smiled. Tomorrow was looking better by the minute. - Phasma walked down the hall to her room, and she worried more with every step. There was something... She'd never been known to be Force sensitive; in all honesty, until she'd met Kylo, she'd been quite certain the whole thing was a complex, long-running hoax on the galaxy. But, as a soldier, she'd grown to rely on what many called "gut instinct" to lead her through life. It was gut instinct that told her, against everything, that her child was in some sort of mortal danger and needed to be protected. Part of her wrote it off as just the normal worries of a mother, but another part, the part that had survived countless battles by the skin of her teeth and the right thought at the right time, had called perhaps more Stormtroopers than necessary off of their usual postings to act as security during the ball. To be completely honest, if it had been the twins, she, most likely, would have just ignored the feeling. But, since it was about Beatrice, she felt it more urgent, more severe. And, perhaps, that spoke poorly of her. Phasma loved all of her children equally, but even she had to admit that Beatrice had always been a... special child. From her difficult, nearly deadly birth (even compared to twins, it was enough to make her cut off all heir production immediately) to her extraordinary talents with the Force, everything about her signaled her Skywalker blood-- but, she hoped against hope, not her Skywalker fate. (In her dreams, Eupheme sits on the throne, Godwin her most trusted general, and Beatrice trains Force sensitive younglings to serve their empire. In her nightmares, they swing before cheering crowds.) Kylo... He was fond of the twins, and they were fond of him, but it was nothing like the near suffocating love he had for his daughter. He had wept in her arms the day the toddler had mentally torn a room apart during a violent fit. He often spent more time on her than he did on his lovers, which she took as a positive sign instead of a slight. (Every time the girl laughed, he seemed to blame himself less.) Hux. He was born to rule, to lead, but was rather hopeless at most everything else. His rare affectionate moments were reserved for the bearers of his legacy, and though he spoke of her as his daughter and ensured she was treated with all the respect and honor a princess deserved, he was rarely more than polite to her on a personal level. (She had long ago decided that there was something in Bren's animal brain that resisted the dark-haired chick in his nest. It wasn't fair, but life so rarely was.) Kylo was in their bedroom by the time she got there, already down to his underclothes, lounging on the bed and eating some kind of sandwich. "Bren is going to kill you if you leave crumbs again," she said. He shrugged. "He's too busy driving himself insane with this stupid party," he said, moving aside a bit so she could curl up next to him. "I'm not even sure he'll come to bed tonight; he might just pass out in his office... Want a bite?" "No. I think I'm too nervous to eat." "There's no reason to be nervous! This is the biggest event in the Empire's social calendar; literally everyone will be there. Attacking would be utter suicide, especially with the extra 'troopers you've called in." "Still. Our spies haven't seen hide or tail of the Resistance in months." "And that's a good thing. Maybe the old crone finally died, and the whole thing fell apart." "No, I don't think it's that... They're small, but tenacious. Even the pride of my armies couldn't track them down." "You exterminated most of them. You just couldn't track down the Grey Lady." "No. We couldn't." She frowned. "They did attack us once before, remember. And it was under quite similar circumstances." "And it was an utter disaster. I think Bren killed five people all on his own, just out of anger at having the day ruined." She smiled fondly, remembering. Beatrice's first birthday had been one befitting the nature of her youngest child. "Imagine if they try anything tomorrow," she said. "He'd personally track down General Organa." Kylo quieted after the mention of his mother, as he usually did. She grabbed a pillow and cuddled into it, not realizing how tired she was until she felt her eyes closing of their own accord. "Beatrice is a good kid, right?" She sighed. Of course. "Yes, Kylo," she said. "She's a very good kid." "She looks just like me. Except for the face." "Mhhm." "She's beautiful. Like you." "I'm too tired tonight, love." "... Jo, I'm not saying this because I want to fuck you or something." "I know. You're saying it because you're a big sap who's panicking over his children growing up." She felt a warmth press against her, and Kylo's head joined hers on the pillow. "I think I am," he said in a whisper. "Is it wrong?" "No, I don't think so," she whispered back. "Just what fathers do, probably." That kept him quiet enough for her to finally drift off to sleep. Chapter 2 Staying out of Father's way was almost always a very good idea. When he was getting ready for something big, it was necessary to stay alive. (And that's not entirely a joke.) Beatrice was sure that no one in the entire universe cared about how they, the royal family, looked to the public as he did. He was the one who forced them all to continue publicly claiming that she was his child, even though literally everyone knew who her real father was. He wanted everything to be neat, orderly, and beautiful; if genetics didn't feel like playing nice, he forced it to mold to his whims. The ball was sure to be stunning, though, and she was determined to try her best to stand out. Her hair, which rarely saw more than a comb on most days, was done up in a headpiece that let down a cascade of gentle curls. Her dress was already on, though the ball didn't officially start for hours, and her makeup was a testament to Eupheme's peerless ability to get her sister to sit still for longer than five minutes. So, when she very nearly ran into Father in the hall, she didn't panic. After all, she'd done everything he'd wanted of her, and more; there was nothing about her that he could get upset about. "My, don't you look beautiful." There were heavy bags under his eyes, lines that would be covered up expertly by his team of makeup artists later on, but he smiled, truly smiled, at her, which meant things were going wonderfully enough that he could allow such an indulgence. He kneeled down-- she was still short enough for him to do such a thing-- and moved her gently by her shoulders, inspecting her carefully. "Eupheme's work, clearly... I hope she didn't slack off on practicing her entrance for this." "No, Father. She set this hours ago just so she wouldn't miss it." "Good." He stood and dusted off his trousers-- he was still casually dressed, not in the ornate uniform he would later wear. "There's still so much work to be done-- oh, and I have a job for you. Are you up to the challenge?" She preened. "Of course, Father!" "Wonderful. Your grandmother's shuttle arrived a little while ago; she should be here any moment. Go greet her and make sure she's comfortable." "Of couse, Father." If he heard the distinct loss of enthusiasm in her voice, he didn't mention it. He was gone as quickly as he'd come, and she was left with the unenviable task ahead of her. It wasn't like Beatrice didn't love her Grandmama, of course. She loved her to pieces, loved how strong and fierce she was, how she didn't let anyone ever get the best of her-- and how she loved her just as much as she did the twins, even though she knew there wasn't a drop of Hux blood to be found. She just hated how she'd been planning who to marry the three of them off to since literally before they'd been born. She knew her parents had an arranged marriage, that their parents had decided everything for them while they'd been busy fighting a war. Of course, they ended up loving each other anyway, and she thought that was wonderfully romantic, but she also knew lots of arraigned marriages didn't end so luckily. By her luck, she'd get someone awful. The twins had resigned themselves to it early on-- but they didn't care what happened, since they already had each other. Beatrice didn't have anyone, though! Whoever she would marry would be the only person she'd ever get, and she didn't like the odds. Ever since she was very young, she'd desperately wanted to marry for love. It was hard to actually find someone to love when you're a princess, though; it wasn't like she could go out among the common folk, or even among the nobility. Nearly everyone she'd ever known in her life was a family member or someone who lived and worked in the palace, which didn't leave you with a very wide dating pool. The ball, though... That would be her chance. Noble boys from all over the galaxy would be there, and while most of them would be actively courting her sister, there'd be lots of second and third sons just lying around, waiting to be fallen for. The venerable Lady Daemora Hux, Queen Mother of the empire, was already in the main hall by the time Beatrice got there, and had taken it upon herself to instruct the servants on how best to put up the final decorations. The servants, for their part, respectfully and dutifully ignored every word she said. They were under the emperor's strict demands, but also knew that insulting his mother was a crime often worthy of death. "Grandmama," she said, raising her voice over the din. "Father told me to come meet you." "Beatrice? Oh, that can't be you! My Beatrice is a sweet little girl, not a beautiful young lady!" Her grandmother looked resplendent, but she knew they were only her traveling clothes, and whatever she would wear to the ball would be twice as gorgeous. "My son might hire idiots as his servants, but at least his tailors are skilled." "Euphie did my makeup," she said. "Oh, I could tell! You'd think the girl had grown up on Naboo, the way she can copy their queens." She smiled and took Beatrice's offered arm. "You look much lovelier than any of those girls ever did, of course! They were all nice enough, of course, but the stress of ruling ages you terribly. That's why your father and mother look so rough, but Lord Ren has barely changed in years." "Daddy has lots of stress in his life!" "I'm sure he does, the poor dear. He must just have excellent genes, then. After all, he is responsible for half of you." "He says the beautiful half comes from Mom." "Mm, he would. I wish my husband, rest his soul, had been half as charming on purpose as that man is on accident." One of the many guest rooms in the palace had been made up for her arrival, and Grandmama spent a full five minutes inspecting it. Beatrice waited patiently by the door, waiting for her to decide if it was up to her standards or not. She eventually nodded slightly in acceptance, and Beatrice let out a breath she hadn't known she'd been holding. "Thank you for the escort, sweetling." She walked over and gently pressed a kiss to her hairline, careful not to muss the makeup. "Now, I'm sure you have much more important things to do than play nanny to an old woman." "I was hoping to visit Daddy before things got too crazy..." "Well, then that's what you have to do! Hurry along, dear; I'll be more than fine on my own." She wasn't truly on her own; the second Beatrice stepped out of the room, a gaggle of servants swarmed in, ready to help their mistress prepare for the ball. She shrugged and slowly made her way towards her dad's quarters, which were rarely used outside of dressing for important occasions. She didn't knock, of course; princesses don't knock. But, luckily for everyone involved in what could have been an incredibly traumatizing and awful incident, she only managed to open the heavy door a crack when she heard something that made her stop in her tracks. "Hnn... Kylo, yes --" She slowly and quietly shut the door, rolling her eyes. Well, hopefully that meant Father would get a few hours of rest before nightfall. She could only hope. At the corners of her consciousness, she could feel the whole thing coming together: the guests arriving in their ships; the servants finishing up their decorating; the maids cleaning out the last of the guest rooms; the cooks preparing the feast. Voices and thoughts filled her head as she skipped away to wait out the remaining hours in her chambers. She couldn't wait. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the gods among these wretched stars series