I'll Be Gone In The Morning The clock was ticking slowly, and the only sound that filled the room was that, and the math teachers constant droning on and on about fractions. Ben sighed quietly, looking back down at the math packet that he had been scribbling on for the past forty minutes that he was in this hell hole. He hadn't written down a single piece of information down, instead, he had been scribbling down no good doodles. He was already failing this class, and it was nearing the end of the second quarter. So, Ben never really tried to get his grade up this close to the end of the quarter. It's not like it was going to do him any good anyways. Ben sighed, resting his cheek on the palm of his hand as he started to halfheartedly listen to what the teacher had to say as she walked around to check on everyone's progress with the question she had asked everyone to try and do. Ben sighed, sitting up so it would look like he was doing some actual work and not just sitting here scribbling on the packet. Ben hunched over his packet, trying his best to block the teachers view as she stood behind him. She reached over and pulled the paper over to her. She sighed and shook her head. "Ben..." She said softly, crossing her arms over her chest. He glanced up at her and sighed, knowing already that she was going to say that he needed to start paying more attention in class. Ben looked back down at his desk, and sighed. "See me after class, Ben," She said, setting his paper back down and walking back to the front of the class room. The bell rang and Ben sighed, slouching down in his seat, and crossing his arms over his chest, he huffed a breath, trying to push his bangs out of his face and stared up at the ceiling quietly counting all of the dots he could on the tiles he saw. People filed out of the classroom, talking and laughing with their friends. Ben frowned, and sat up as his teacher walked over to him. He sighed and propped his cheek on his hand as his teacher sat down in front of him and folded her painted nails on her lap. "Ben.... You're failing this class...." She said softly. Ben groaned, he had heard this speech thousands of times before. He already knew that he was failing. His mom and dad had sat him down on multiple occasions and talked to him about his grades. "Ben, I don't want you to fail, I have a student in my next class who is acing my class, and he said he would tutor you." As if on cue, a ginger haired boy walked into class, his bag hanging off his shoulder.He looked like a boy that would ace this class. Looks like a boy that would ace anything if he tried hard enough. The teacher turned around and smiled, "oh, there you are, Hux!" Hux didn't smile, he didn't really do anything except simply nod his head. Ben raised an eyebrow at his quietness, this boy was supposed to be his tutor? He didn't even talk! How was Ben supposed to learn anything from him. "I'll meet you at the library after school," Hux said. "What if I can't meet after school?" Ben asked, grabbing his bag and standing. Hux looked at him, giving him a blank stare and sighed,"You can meet after school, for you grade." Ben looked down at his teacher, hoping that she would intervene and help them come up with an alternate plan. But the look on her face made Ben feel like she was almost begging for him to go to this tutoring session and try to get his grade up. Ben sighed, and pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed. "Fine..." Ben said, walking out of the class room. He was secretly dreading this tutoring session. Hux hardly said a word to him and when he did, his voice was monotone and it made Ben want to fall asleep just listening to him talk. Ben sighed, walking to his next class. He had to do this, he had to get his grades up for his future and for his parents to stay off of his back.