“You don’t understand,” Finn was saying. Loudly. “You’re breaking up with me now?” Rey exclaimed. “We’ve been together over a month! I thought things were just getting serious!” “I thought so too,” Finn said, and put his hands on Rey’s shoulders to calm her. “It’s nothing personal.” “Nothing personal? This is where you use the ‘it’s not me, it’s you’ line, right?” “Right,” Finn said. “But let me explain! Please. Just listen.” Rey put her hands on her hips and pursed her lips. “Talk,” she said. “I’m… well, I thought I liked you. I really did. But even when we kissed, I… I didn’t feel anything. I didn’t feel that spark that you’re supposed to, you know? And it’s nothing against you! It’s just that… well… I realized that… I’m gay.” “Oh!” Rey’s expression softened. “You should have told me sooner,” she said quietly. “I didn’t mean to string you along,” Finn said. “I’m really sorry.” “It’s okay,” she replied. “I understand. “Can we still be friends? I still love you, you know. As a friend.” “Of course we can still be friends.” Rey smiled. “I’m a little hurt, but… it’s nothing personal. I’ll be okay.” She laughed then and threw an arm around Finn’s shoulders. BB-8 barked happily. Finn extracted himself from Rey. “I have to go find Poe,” he said. “BB-8 was looking for him earlier.” BB-8 whined in agreement, and Finn and the dog left Rey, murmuring to herself, of which Finn only caught the words, “gay friends”. - - - - - - - - - - - - - The next day, Finn and Poe were talking together over coffee. “So, you did it?” Poe asked. “Yeah. She was really understanding,” Finn said. “Sounds like her,” Poe said, nodding. Just then, Finn’s phone buzzed. It was a text. “It’s from Rey,” Finn said. He made a face. “What’s it say?” asked Poe, grinning. “She’s trying to set me up,” Finn said in an awestruck voice. “I don’t believe this!” “With who?” “That Kylo kid we met at the part the other night. I mean, he was nice, and very…” “Gay,” Poe supplied. “He’s just not my type,” Finn finished weakly. “What do I do?” “Go on a date with him?” Poe said. “He’s not your type, but you could try it.” “I could,” said Finn. - - - - - - - - - - - - - The next week, Finn met Kylo for a small dinner, at a diner in the middle of town. Kylo sure had odd taste. Finn was wearing some nice jeans and the jacket Poe had given him. Kylo certainly looked… interesting, thought Finn. His black hair was slicked back with way too much gel, and he was dressed like a punk-rocker. He had several piercings in his nose, combat boots, and a loose black t-shirt with a grey skull painted messily onto the front. His skinny jeans were so tight, his legs looked like a girl’s, thought Finn. And Kylo had a neck tattoo. Finn couldn’t help but compare him to Poe, who dressed nicely but simply, with only one tattoo across his back, and a piercing in his ear. “Ready?” Kylo asked. “Yep.” “Okay, let’s go.” They were having fun. Finn had to admit it. They talked a bit. Kylo was a clerk at Costco, he had said. He worked in customer service. “I like your jacket,” Kylo said, in between bites of the diner’s mac and cheese. “Thanks,” Finn said awkwardly. Then Kylo made it worse. “I’d like even more to take it off tonight,” he said suggestively. “Okay… I… woah,” Finn said uncomfortable. He waved for the bill, and a waitress with a frilly apron and 50’s styled dress gave the two of them an odd look as she came over to give it to them. Finn placed some money inside. “...You wouldn’t like that?” asked Kylo. “I’m not that kind of guy,” Finn said. “I’m really not interested in a one-night stand, Kylo. I had fun tonight. I really did.” He stood up. “I have to go… see you around, maybe.” - - - - - - - - - - - - - “He what?” Poe asked, frowning as he drove Finn home. “He just wanted sex,” Finn repeated. “You know me. I hate that! I want a relationship first. A real one.” Finn shook indignantly. “Calm down,” Poe replied, placing a hand on Finn’s shoulder. “You don’t have to follow up. Don’t go on another date.” “You’re right. Okay. Yeah.” BB-8 climbed up from the back, sitting on Finn’s lap and panting happily. Finn pet the golden retriever idly, staring out the window in the silence. - - - - - - - - - - - - - The next week at work, Rey ran up to Finn. He groaned inwardly- he would have to speak with her about how his date went. He had been avoiding her ever since the whole “Kylo” thing had gone sour for this very reason- and now she was seeking him out. Did she really want to know this badly? “How was it?” she asked, bubbling with excitement. “Awful,” he deadpanned. He couldn’t believe his luck. “He pulled the sex line, huh?” Rey replied. “I told him not to do that.” “I mean, it was that, but…” “Weird-ass emo kids don’t suit you, right?” “Something like that,” Finn laughed. “We should get lunch today,” Rey said after a moment. “Let’s talk more about this then.” “Your treat,” Finn shrugged. She nodded, and Finn waved and left for his floor. - - - - - - - - - - - - Lunch with Rey was going better than he had hope. Fifteen minutes into it, when they had gotten their food and were sitting down to eat, Rey sat up straight as though she had remembered something. “So he was wearing these black skinny jeans, and his hair was so greased back that it- what?” “I totally forgot!” she exclaimed. “I have somewhere to be- I’m so sorry.” “It’s okay,” Finn said, desperately not wanting things to be awkward. “I’ll just pay, then, and-” “No, don’t be silly,” Rey replied. “Oh, hey!” She stood up and grabbed a guy around the shoulders, pulling him in and sitting him across from Finn. Damn, he thought. The guy was hot. He had brown hair and pale skin, and he had eyes like Poe’s. “Justin,” Rey said. “This is Finn.” Finn had a sneaking suspicion that Rey had done this on purpose. Then Rey was gone, and Finn was sitting with a complete stranger, Re’s money on the table for the food. “So,” Justin said, “you too, huh?” “Me too, what?” Finn asked, clueless. “Gay? Who’ve you been set up with so far?” Then, it clicked for Finn. Rey had done this on purpose. “You, and Kylo Ren,” Finn replied. “Kylo? You mean-” “The weird-ass emo kid?” Finn and Justin said together. “Sorry, man,” Finn said. “Ever since I came out to her…” He shook his head. Then, he got up, and, grabbing his food, left Justin with Rey’s money and food on the table. - - - - - - - - - - - - - “Wow,” Poe was saying after they had grabbed coffee together and were heading toward the lounge. BB-8 trailed behind, tail wagging furiously. “Two guys in two weeks!” “C’mon, it’s been two weeks since that last date, quit bringing it around,” Finn whined. “Hey, you two,” a familiar voice said, joining them. “Finn, I’d like you to meet someone,” Rey said. Judging by the way she said ‘someone’, it was another date. “This is Hux,” she said, gesturing to a young man that Finn found positively unattractive. He tried not to laugh… but the boy was perfect for Kylo. “Sorry Rey,” Finn tried his best to be sincere. “I’m already dating someone.” “Oh yeah? Who?” Rey challenged. Finn looked around uncomfortably. “Poe,” he said almost immediately. Poe’s head, which was conveniently looking the other way, snapped around. “What?” he asked. “Poe and I are dating,” Finn said firmly, glaring at Poe as if daring to challenge him otherwise. Then, in a spur-of-the-moment decision, Finn stood up on his toes and kissed him, hoping it would make Rey and Hux feel awkward. Poe barely hesitated before kissing back, much to Finn’s surprise. He closed his eyes and threaded his hands through Poe’s hair, and Poe put an arm around Finn’s waist, drawing him closer. Rey cleared her throat, and the two broke apart. “See you later,” was all she could manage, and then she left, pulling Hux with her. “Well…” Finn shifted his feet awkwardly. “What the hell was that?” Poe was blushing. Bright red crept from his cheeks to his ears. Poe rubbed the back of his neck, also in awkward discomfort. “Umm… a kiss?” asked Finn, Poe laughed, shaking his head slightly. “Why did you say we were dating?” asked Poe. “I just wanted Rey off my ass about getting back out there and all that other crap. I’m sorry, you’re the only one that I actually… like… please just go along with it?” Poe sighed. “Fine,” he said. “But only in public.” “Thank you!” Finn sang. “Thank you, thank you!” He kissed Poe on the cheek. “You’re welcome,” Poe said, flustered. He smiled at the kiss. - - - - - - - - - - - - - From then on, Finn and Poe were a thing. They double-dated with Rey, hung out just to be “alone together” at each other’s places, and made out in public just to see people stare and make Rey uncomfortable. Nearly a month passed and Finn was… happy. Then, while they were at Poe’s house one night, Poe said, “How long do you want to keep this up?” “Keep what up?” asked Finn, an apron around his waist as he cooked. “This whole fake-dating thing,” Poe replied. “You can’t just use me as your shield forever.” “You don’t like this? I mean, I thought…” Poe smiled affectionately at Finn. “Of course… I mean yes… I do… but…” “But?” “It’s not real.” “It’s not?” “No, I mean, you and I were only together to keep Rey off your back. Right? That’s not a real relationship.” “I see,” Finn said. “And anyway,” Poe continued, “you could never love me, right? I’m just… I’m just your best friend.” Finn didn’t notice the sadness in his voice. “Right, he said dully. “Okay. You’re right. I’m fake-breaking up with you.” He took off the apron. “The risotto has two more minutes.” Then, Finn left the house, leaving an awestruck Poe and a burning risotto behind. - - - - - - - - - - - - - Finn avoided Poe. Or maybe it was visa versa. Neither could tell. Rey tried to make them up, but that led to the two ignoring her as well. Finally, she decided to take matters into her own hands. Something had to be done. She picked up Poe (the less stubborn of the two) and demanded he go and see Finn. “Go,” she said. “I’m dropping you off, and you need to make up with him.” “No,” he said. “You don’t understand. Let me out of the car.” Rey pulled up to Finn’s driveway. “Go.” She pointed. “You two are best friends AND lovers. You can’t lose this.” “Fine…” Poe got out. He walked up to the front stoop and knocked. He didn’t notice Rey subtly put the car in gear and drive away. - - - - - - - - - - - - - “Hey,” Poe said when Finn opened the door. “Oh… it’s you.” “Can I come in?” “I suppose.” Poe stepped inside and Finn closed the door. They went into the living room together and sat down. Like they did when they were fake-dating. “Finn.” “Hmm?” “I have something to tell you.” “Okay?” “I’ve been thinking about this since a long time ago,” Poe began. “Yeah, in a galaxy far far away.” Finn nodded. “Get to the point.” He grinned. “Well, when you kissed me I realized… I was gay.” Finn’s mouth dropped open. “And there’s another thing…” “What?” “I’d have thought that one was obvious. I love you, idiot. I love you, Finn.” “But… I thought…” “Me too.” They both smiled. “Poe?” “Yes?” “I love you too.” “Good. Now kiss me.” They did, but Poe broke them apart to say one more thing. “Finn?” “Hmm?” Finn’s eyes were still closed. “Real-date me?” “Absolutely.”