“POE DAMERON!” Your voice thundered across the airfield, and despite how far away you were from the pilot, you saw him turn to look at you. So did about a dozen other Resistance members. They quickly looked away as you went storming past them. He was already being swarmed upon by a little gaggle of pilots, probably all of them ready to fall at his feet and sing his praises, but they dispersed at the sight of you. Honestly the rest of them were alright; you had no quarrel with them – or, at least, they weren’t as bad as Dameron. Dameron. Every time you heard his name, you thought how you could die happy without anyone ever mentioning him to you again. He was insufferable. Far too sure of himself, cocky, arrogant. And an incredible show-off. You’d never admit it, but every time he did something wrong a tiny part of you was glad you would have a reason to shout at him. The rest of you – the large, large majority of you – wanted to ram the entirety of his X-Wing down his throat. Don’t start a fight in the middle of the Resistance Base. That’s not going to be good for morale, Barney chirped from beside you, but you could hear that his heart wasn’t in it. When you had first arrived on D’Qar he had actually tried to be a good influence when it came to all this… Dameron nonsense. But two months into your life on this place nothing had changed, and he had given up repeating himself, so mostly your droid just resigned himself to watch from the sidelines as you verbally tried to skewer the pilot. From the moment you had met him, you couldn’t remember not disliking Dameron. Apparently, before you had gotten to the Resistance, everyone had been buzzing in their conversations about you. It wasn’t that the organisation was small – far from it, actually. It was hidden across planets and planets, stored away on the backwater moons that people would never even think of checking, safe from the First Order. But the D’Qar Base held quite a tight knit group of people. So when there was a new arrival it caused a stir. And damn. Did you cause a stir. When you had arrived you had been the talk of the place for about a week. A new agent, a hacking expert, spirited away from right under the nose of the First Order. It was honestly the best gossip that they’d had since Jessika Pava had accidentally spilt her tea all over the main control bank and it had made the holoscreen glitch on a frozen picture of General Organa’s face. They’d gotten a good month of teasing out of that one. But a new recruit? And one that had been right in the middle of enemy territory? That was big, BIG news. At least that’s what they had thought. Then you had arrived. It hadn’t been an easy time on Starkiller. In fact, it had been the most dreadful experience of your life, and you had no desire whatsoever to talk about it. You did sort of regret it now, but at the time, when you landed and everyone started bombarding you with questions about the Dark Side’s inner workings, you had just snapped. You had shouted at all of them to just go away, to just leave you alone. And they had all fallen into silence, be it out of fear or embarrassment or just plain awkwardness. All except one. Poe Dameron had let out a low, low whistle. It sent a ripple of giggles through the crowd. You had looked round and locked eyes with the man who mocked you. And that had been the first time you had saw him, with his dark hair, and his dark eyes, and that damned mouth… a face you were itching to punch. You had stormed away into the Resistance Base –despite not knowing the building at all which would lead to another bout of shame later, ignoring his calls to summon you back. And it seemed, since then, it was his absolute mission in life to make yours hell. Maybe you were being a bit too harsh on him. Perhaps he hadn’t meant anything by that first day, by that whistle the first time he had met you. But you were certain he was deliberately annoying you every single other time. The pilot watched you approach furiously, removed his helmet, and looked at you coolly. He gave a lazy half-smile which you definitely did not find attractive. “Poe Dameron,” you repeated, your voice dangerously low, “What do you call this?” You gestured to the spaceship behind him, and he made a big thing of turning round to look. “I think that’d be an X-Wing. Surprised you don’t know, you do fix enough of ‘em.” “I don’t fix them, Dameron, I modify them. And the idea of taking one of those modifications for a test run is to not wreck the whole thing when you’re doing it!” You had a point. The X-Wing – not Dameron’s own personal one, but an older model used for testing – was battered at the best of times, but now it was looking worse for wear. Dents were all over it, the engine was smouldering, and more to the point the new navigation system you had programmed had been completely destroyed. “You were only meant to be doing a lap around D’Qar!” you screeched. Dameron kept on smiling that same, easy smile. “Ah, well,” he said, sucking air in through his teeth in mock concern, “I know you’ll fix her up. I have every confidence in your abilities. You should too.” It seemed to be a compliment, but the way he walked off afterwards left you feeling less than pleased. You clenched your fist, but there was something else stirring in you. Because Poe Dameron was the bane of your life, but you’d be damned if he wasn’t the handsomest guy you’d ever seen. Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 Notes: There shall be more Poe next chapter, I swear, just setting up the story! You muttered to yourself as you walked back across the airfield. It might have looked odd to anyone who was new, but the Resistance hadn’t had any more recruits on D’Qar lately, and so everyone who saw you looking so angry knew instinctively that you had just had an encounter with Dameron. Wisely they side-stepped you, letting you storm forth towards your quarters until you had a chance to regroup. Once you got into your rooms you slammed the door – once Barney had followed you in of course, you had once pre-empted it and there was now a droid-shaped dent in the metal – and sat down heavily on your bed. You gripped the covers tightly but resisted the urge welling up inside you to scream. It wasn’t easy. You used to be better at handling your anger. In fact, you never used to really… get angry. You could get a little worked up, sure, but nothing compared to how you felt now. But then again, after a stint on the Starkiller Base, you would never quite be the same person. You couldn’t spend so much time immersed in the heart of the dark side and not be changed. It was difficult to describe. Everything there was so… evil. So terrible. And it had warped you into being this… shell of who you once were. No. ‘Shell’ wasn’t quite right. You could feel yourself becoming who you once were again, being surrounded by people who were good and – mostly – friendly, but the hardness that you had built up around yourself still lingered. It was a defence mechanism on Starkiller but it was harder to shed than you had hoped. And so, in the Resistance, you were known as this sort of grouch who programmed the computers and hacked others, but who mostly kept to themselves. Because after so many months on board that damned Base, it was so hard to just… adjust. And you didn’t want to say it but if less than a year could distort you into who you were now, you didn’t know how much hope there would be for General Organa’s son. You alright, champ? Barney piped up. You gave him a waning smile. “Yeah. Yes. Sorry, Barn. You know I’m…” you pointed to your head vaguely and finished, “not great.” I know. But remember. You’re better than the First Order. Your smile was more genuine this time before you threw yourself back on your bed, trying not to think of anything dark side related. “I still don’t like Dameron, though.” I know. You want to punch him. “Yeah.” In the dick. “Yep.” With your mouth. “Ye- Whoa, what?!” you shouted, flinging a pillow in Barney’s general direction. He expertly rolled to the side and it hit the wall with a muffled thump. Oh come on. You can’t lie to me. You’re crazy about him. You want him to ride your X-Wing. “No, I don’t! I can’t think of anything more genuinely terrible,” you replied, but you faltered just enough for Barney to speak up again. I’m with you basically everywhere. I see the way you look at him when you think nobody’s watching. And when he’s not doing something to annoy you. You look… happy. A hand went instinctively up to your mouth as if to hide the evidence but you scowled. Surely that wasn’t right?! You despised Dameron, maybe more than Kylo Ren himself… No. That was a lie. You didn’t dislike him that much. He irritated you to no end but it was nothing compared to the pure, unadulterated, seething hatred you felt towards the First Order. At least Dameron wasn’t actually trying to take your life, or hold you prisoner and force you to hack into things against your will. And, admittedly, he was quite nice to look at when he was cleaning his X-Wing, or playing that damned guitar of his. It was easy for you to get a little bit caught up in just… watching him. Not that you’d ever admit that, of course. Because the amount of irritation you felt towards him vastly outweighed any redeeming quality he had. I’m not saying you have to fall head-over-heels in love with the guy. I’m just saying that maybe if you weren’t so up in arms at him every time you meet maybe the two of you could hit it off. “He’s up in arms too!” He teases you. And honestly, when you get so worked up, I can see why it would be funny. Barney dodged the other pillow that went flying at him. Sorry, you know I love you really. “At least he gets a nice droid,” you muttered, but you didn’t mean it. BB-8 was a sweetheart but, when it got down to it, you wouldn’t have traded Barney for the world. Maybe you don’t need a nice droid. Maybe you just need a good, hard fuck in an X-Wing. You had nothing else soft to throw so Barney quickly diverted the conversation. Come on, you should go and eat. It’s been seven hours since your last meal. You couldn’t stay angry at him, especially not when he took it upon himself to make sure that you were staying healthy. Food hadn’t exactly been a luxury on Starkiller. “Yeah, alright, you little turd,” you said and got to your feet, accidentally shutting the door in Barney’s face and ignoring his screech of indignation.