When I'm Finished With You Things went wrong way too quickly for your liking. Normally, you at least had a little bit of time before you ended up running, but you weren’t even granted that. The First Order was waiting for you, ready to pounce the moment you landed on the planet. All you were doing, well, supposed to be doing, was gathering intel. Secret mission stuff. And yet, no matter how secret, they knew. They were like fucking ninjas. A whole squad of Storm Troopers surrounded you in three seconds flat, blasters at the ready. You were more annoyed than anything, tired from the trip and ready to go home to D’Qar. Now you had to deal with the First Order? Fucking perfect. You were roughly boarded onto a ship, the grip the soldiers had on your upper arms closer to that of a vice. Anyone in your position would be terrified, but not you. You knew the First Order. They were cowards, and their leader was nothing more than a whiney kid who threw fits when things didn’t go his way. Your only concern was the pain you knew they were capable of inflicting. Other than that, they were mindless drones in white armor. After being thrown-yes, thrown- into a cell, you sat up and scanned your surroundings. It was a miracle they hadn’t strapped you into some torture chair of doom, so you thanked the stars for that. Your relief was short lived as you stood and found literally nothing in the room. Nothing but steel walls and a floor to match. You cursed under your breath and rubbed at your sore upper arms as best you could. It must have been at least an hour until the chrome door slid open. You were sat at the other end of the room, one knee bent toward the ceiling and your arm resting on top of it. You watched as a cloaked figure entered the cold room, recognizing the battered mask almost instantly. “Your mom’s looking for you, y’know,” you said, maintaining a cool exterior. “Is that so?” the figure spoke, his voice metallic and icy through the voice modulator. “Yep,” you responded, “She says it’s past your bed time or something.” He didn’t speak, instead studied you from the other end of the room. You had to admit, it was mildly intimidating, but you’d seen the face behind the mask. Though he was only a year or so younger than you, you always viewed Ben as a child. You’d been friends at first, considering how close you were with his mother. He was sweet, even a little cute, but always had that underlying darkness about him. “Your thoughts are awfully loud,” he said, folding his hands behind his back and stepping toward you, “They always were, weren’t they?” Kylo knelt down in front of you and you could see your reflection in the glass where his eyes should have been. “I doubt my thoughts are as loud as your ego,” you spat, half smiling at your own remark. He stared at you in silence, as if pondering his next move. He reached up behind his helmet and undid the clasps, a sharp hissing noise emitting from the metal. The helmet was removed in one fluid motion, set to the side and forgotten. Kylo zeroed in on your thoughts, smirking at your reaction to seeing his face after so many years. All you could think about was how handsome he had become in the short time you’d been away from him. His boyish physique was still present, but his jawline had become even more prominent, his eyes seemed older, his smirk sending immoral thoughts straight through your mind. You shouldn’t have thought the things you did about him in that moment. The idea of being taken by him there on the metallic floor, the mere concept of screaming out his name as he did sinful things to your body, it was overwhelming. You began to wonder if he was forcing you to see these things, or if it was your own doing. “Worry not, little one,” he spoke, his voice thick with something that made your knees weak, “Your thoughts are your own.” Well, that answers that question. “What do you want?” you asked, trying to change the conversation and push the fantasy out of your mind. “I want the location of your base, and I can easily find it through your memories,” he said, bringing a gloved hand to your chin and examining your features, “But I think I’d much rather pry it from you myself.” His words hung in the air, making it nearly impossible to breathe. Your eyes were locked with his in a heated stare, your head stationary thanks to his hand. You couldn’t look away, but you weren’t entirely sure if you wanted to. “You don’t scare me,” you said, doing your best to sound tougher than you felt. Kylo smirked wider, inching closer and closer to your face. You held your breath, waiting for him to do whatever it was he was going to do. A gloved hand slid from your kneecap to your inner thigh, the contact making you jump slightly. You released the breath you’d been holding just to suck in another, doing your absolute damnedest to keep your composure. “You’re not stopping me,” he said softly, his lips mere inches from your ear. You gasped when you felt his teeth clamp down on the cartilage roughly, his hand sliding further and further upwards. He was kneeling between your legs, something you hadn’t even noticed until now. “I’m not telling you anything,” you said, fighting back the moan that was building in your throat as his tongue flicked over the flesh he’d been previously nibbling on. “But you will,” he said, his hand resting in the valley where your thigh met your pelvic bone, mere millimeters from where you needed it most, “You’ll tell me everything I want to know and more, my dear Y/N.” Your hips began to wriggle as he traced the area around your arousal. Your body was reacting with you even meaning for it to, and you had to stop yourself from giving in to him. It was becoming increasingly difficult to not completely submit to him as the heat between your legs begged for attention. He was breathing in your ear, something that made the back of your neck burn in anticipation. “I don’t want this,” you lied, a last resort. Maybe he couldn’t hear you practically begging for him in your thoughts. “Your mind tells me otherwise,” he chuckled into your ear, finally pressing his fingers against your core. You couldn’t help the gasp that rose from your throat, the sensation of finally being touched by him making your brain turn to mush. Kylo moved his hand expertly up, down, and around, caressing you in all the right places. “Why don’t you tell me where the Resistance is?” he whispered, his lips brushing against the skin underneath your ear and making you quiver. “Why don’t you go fuck yourself?” you shot back, your stubborn nature finally useful to you for once in your life. With that, his hand withdrew, the loss of contact both a frustration and a relief. “I won’t need to do that when I’m finished with you, Y/N.” Kylo picked up his helmet off the floor, stood, and turned away from you before striding out of the room. The moment you heard the door hiss closed you took a few deep breaths, trying to organize your thoughts. You felt dizzy, your mind whirring with a million thoughts. A sick feeling settled in your stomach when you realized that he wasn’t even close to done with you. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the When I'm Finished With You series