Flesh & Blood Chapter One: Unauthorized Return ---------------------------- -- " --is that her? The girl?” “That can’t be --!” “She’s supposed to be off with Skywalker-- !” Urgent whispers followed the young woman as she sprinted down the narrow corridor of the D’Qar base. Uniformed Resistance pilots and officers streamed past, exchanging confused, alarmed looks as she dodged down a set of stairs. “That wasn’t -- !” "Of course it was, look at her staff! Did the General authorize a return?” “But where’s she going?” Skidding to a sudden halt, Rey slammed her palms against the glass--the glass that acted as a partition into the exam room. Hands pressed her hands to the window, she widened her eyes and exhaled a shaky gasp. The man in the bed--he looked skeletal. Flesh clung to bone. His bare chest lay still. Eyelids closed. Tubes ran into his nose, mouth, and chest. This was not the Finn she remembered. Tears sparked her eyes as she drank in the sight of her friend. Her very first friend. Perhaps, still, her only one. I never should have left you here, Rey thought, squeezing her eyes shut more tightly. She had one friend, and she’d abandoned him. Skywalker could have waited. Finn was near death, and she’d selfishly taken off with Falcon and left him here to die, among near-strangers. She wouldn’t leave him again, she thought, peeling her hands shakily from the glass. I’ll stay here until you wake up, she vowed. You better bloody wake up, she added warningly, taking a sharp step backwards-- --only to knock against a shoulder that felt as hard as a brick wall. At once she side-stepped like a skittish cat, muttering an apology as she quickly rubbed her eyes with her sleeve. A broad, saddened grin met her eyes. “Hey. No harm done.” The man’s voice was relaxed, but Rey averted her gaze somewhat impolitely and folded her arms, settling back to staring at Finn. She would not be distracted. She’d stay here for days if she had to. To her discomfort, the man seemed to have a similar notion. Apparently settling in, he leaned against a nearby pillar, slanted sideways as he, too, gazed at the patient. Rey snuck him mistrusting glance: a jungle of dark hair topped his head, and there was something vaguely familiar about the deeply tanned lines in his face. She’d met him before, probably. But that meant little. Her time on the D’Qar base had been a haze of shock, a blur of names and faces she could not commit to memory. She’d probably glimpsed this man conversing quickly with General Organa, or wearing a crisp uniform at Solo’s funeral, or sternly regarding a radar screen... “It’d mean a lot to Finn,” he muttered abruptly, his face reflecting the flashing medical monitors, “knowing you were here.” Feeling caught, Rey slid her gaze sideways. He did not ask how he knew who she was. Every soul on base knew her name. It was embarrassing at best, mortifying at worst. But curiosity nudged her: he was here to see Finn too, after all. “You know him well,” she prompted. “No,” he sighed, scratching his shadowed jaw. “Not well. But,” his voice was plain, “I owe Finn my life.” With that, Rey drew her eyebrows together. Owed him her life? But then he must’ve been-- AR-IIIIEEE! A long, joyful screech suddenly filled the hallway. The droid known as BB-8 thudded down the set of stairs, then zoomed straight toward Rey’s legs, a blur of white and orange. In spite of herself, in spite of everything, a heavy, watery laugh tumbled out of her lungs as she dropped into a crouch. “BB8,” she laughed, as the droid tilted left, then right, then left again, simulating a dance of joy. “It’s good to see you, too. Antenna's still bent, though," she added, her voice softening as she reached with slender fingertips to straighten the droid’s two uneven wires. “There.” BB-8 supplied her a grateful hum, then swiveled around to face its owner (Poe--that was his name, Rey remembered now. So of course he was here to see Finn). “No news, eh?” Poe sighed to his droid, who, by the sound of it, had been assigned by his owner to badger the medical staff incessantly for information about Finn. “Just keep me posted,” added Poe, and then he gestured absently toward Rey. “The both of us posted, actually.” Poe squinted at her face, suddenly bemused. “Y’know, you landing the Falcon here got the flight crew in a bit of a tizzy.” It was not an insult: in fact, he sounded impressed. “Not that I’m kicking you out, but how long do you plan on staying?” This was just one of the many, many questions Rey did not know how to answer. “Well.” She allowed a flicker of hope into her face. “Until he recovers.” A somewhat awkward pause followed. Then, the corner of Poe’s mouth hooked toward a smile. He seemed about to answer, until-- "Commander Dameron?" interrupted smooth, pressing voice, followed by the sound of combat boots importantly meeting the floor. The voice belonged to a woman wearing a pine-green uniform, the same color as Poe’s torn cargo pants, though she was dressed much more smartly. Rey guessed she was a deck officer. She held a tablet screen under her arm and bowed a knowing hello at Rey, politely choosing not to ask why she was present, before returning her eyes to her superior ranking officer. "Sorry to interrupt you here, Poe--I mean, Commander--there's something you should hear. I need you for a meeting. Can you come with me to the war room?" “You’re going to make me walk all the way to the damn war room?” Poe demanded, but good-naturedly. “Just tell me the news, Kal. But only if it’s the good kind--can’t hear much else at the moment.” “I’m afraid,” said the woman carefully, directing a fleeting glance at Rey, “that this is classified.” Rey stood there blankly. But Poe snorted. “And since when I have ever done anything by the book?” Nonetheless, he sighed in defeat, unfolded his arms, and fell into step with the officer, BB-8 rolling after his heels. Over his shoulder, he offered Rey a lazy salute with two fingers, which was either a hello or a goodbye--she could not be sure. As they walked, Rey shifted her gaze between the woman and Poe, and realization seized her. A pull in her chest. A calm, sudden certainty. She was learning to recognize the strength of the Force, though it constantly startled her, even so that she blurted out, “Wait! I’m coming with!” Slowing to a curious halt, Poe arched his eyebrows. Kal said, “I’m sorry. I wish I could allow you in. I’ll see if I can get clearance from General Organa--" “No, I’m coming with,” said Rey. "You have intel about helping Finn. That’s what your meeting’s about. You have information about helping and I’m coming with and I am going to hear it.” That certainly took everyone by surprise. A stunned silence descended over the hallway. Even BB-8 slid to a sharp halt. It was Poe who recovered first. “Well?” he demanded of Kal. “You’ve got information about helping Finn--is that true?” Mouth open, Kal finally swallowed her shock. "Yes. It is.” Poe's brow seized. He looked dumbfounded. Or possibly alarmed. But then he said, “Well what the goddamn hell are we waiting for?” and grasped the door handle, gesturing for Rey to follow. Chapter 2 : The State of Things Chapter Two: The State of Things ------------- White snowflakes danced through the air like confetti. Deeper in the forest, eerie silence descended. The only true sound came from a struggling, gasping pair of lungs, of a man who had to tell himself to breathe. Pressing his fist into the muddy ground, Kylo Ren heaved his tall frame unsteadily up to his feet with tremendous effort, as if he had the whole Millenium Falcon on his back to carry. His other hand shakily gripped the wound slashing his ribcage, which surged with white-hot, blinding pain. His feet carried him forward two steps, then three, and then his knees buckled beneath him and he dropped onto his side, back into the snow. Collapsed there, Kylo had a sideways view of the forest now. And here, suddenly, a rough, raw laugh barked out of his throat. A strained, hysterical laugh. The girl. The girl had survived. Against all odds, she had made it out. And he -- Blackness tugged at the edges of his mind. His eyes were closing, then opening slowly, and his lips twitched toward a grim smile. Through the slits of his eyes, he thought he glimpsed steps approaching. Someone was coming to him. The rusty rang of blood filled his mouth. ------------- “--So, what, we just go find this healer?” Poe was saying, “and she’ll know how to help Finn?” “That’s correct.” Kal, the deck officer, hesitated. “But it’s not quite that simple.” “It never is,” Poe sighed agreeably, dropping onto a rusty metal stool and folding his arms. They occupied an underground war room within the D’Qar base. Screens and lights danced around them, showing maps and charts. Rey stood drumming her fingertips on a counter, desperate to hear more: she knew Finn’s time was running thin. “Who is this healer?” she demanded. “How do we find her?” “She’s an old contact of General Organa’s. She doesn’t wish to be found, of course--no one does, given the state of things.” The state of things. Rey knew what that meant. War was stirring, civilians were dying in masses. No one stuck their head out. Families were escaping to the quietest planets, away from the threats. “She’s a coward then,” Poe muttered absently, but Kal shook her head. “Not at all. She’s deeply powerful, been a healer for decades--most likely, she’s in hiding so the First Order doesn’t find her. She’s what we need. You see, Finn’s a special case.” Kal stepped toward one of the projector screen, tapping it with her finger. An anatomical image of a brain filled the screen. “Look at this. See these dark spots?” Rey stepped closer, fixated on the screen. “He’s been wired,” said Kal softly, “to simply...reject treatment.” Poe’s mouth unlocked. “The First Order did that to him?” he said quietly. “When he was born, yes. It’s rather like he has... a self-destruct feature.” A shadow fell across Rey’s freckled face. “That’s sick,” she suddenly snarled, catching everyone, including herself, by surprise. Her hands gripped the edge of the counter. Her knuckles whitened. “They’re still controlling him, even now.” Kal tapped the screen, making the image disappear. “I shouldn’t be sharing this with either of you,” she said, now wringing her hands. “I just couldn’t keep it to myself. But please, please be reasonable about whatever it is you do next. We can’t afford to send anyone away from the base, let alone our best pilot -- ” “She means me,” Poe stage-whispered to Rey, who almost managed a laugh. “ --and there’s more,” said Kal. “General Organa hasn’t officially authorized this mission yet. So first we’ll bring it to-- ” “We don’t have time for that, Kal!” said Poe crossly. “ Finn doesn’t have time.” “You can’t leave the base, Poe! We’re on the brink of--!” “I’m going,” said Rey at once, standing back. “I’ll find the healer.” A worried, tense silence filled the room. She knew they were thinking of her Jedi training. Of how she'd abandoned it for this. Then she glimpsed a grin dart across Poe’s lined face. “I knew you were going to say that.” Chapter 3 : All Aboard Thank you for reading! I’m having a lot of fun with this little story. Lots more Poe, Rey, and Finn friendship + romance goodness to come. :-) If you have a chance, let me know what you think. --TMG Chapter Three: All Aboard -------------- The hallways were sleepy and quiet, and dawn had not yet broken when Rey stood up from her cot, grabbed her satchel, expertly strapped her long staff to her back, and strode down the long hallway toward the main hangar. But first, she had one stop to make. In the narrow hospital bed, Finn lay unmoving. A breathing device was strapped to his mouth. Monitors beeped feebly around him. “I’ll be back,” she whispered, her palms pressed to the glass. “I’ll be back with the healer. I promise.” Furrowing her brow with a new measure of resolution, she tore away. The main hangar door was open, allowing a view of the darkened pre-dawn sky. Twilight green mingled against the stars, and Rey was just thinking how different this sky looked than her sky--Jakku’s sky--when a deck officer’s voice made her jump. “All good for departure, ma’am,” said a young man, and Rey was too taken back to reply. Ma’am? She’d never had a title before, of any sort. Nodding uncertainly, Rey crested the ramp into the ship. Her ship. In mere minutes, she’d told herself, she’d be free to focus on the task that lay ahead of her. The crowds inside the base--they made her nervous. People made her nervous. Operating alone was her preference. It was all she knew. Well, perhaps not entirely alone. “Got the coordinates, R-2?” she called into the ship. She could not see the droid yet, but she heard him beep excitedly from the depths of the vessel as she dropped her satchel in the main corridor of the Falcon on her way toward the bridge. Her captain’s chair awaited her. The problem was, there was someone sitting in it. Coming to a sharp, sudden halt, Rey dropped her mouth in shock and instinctively grabbed her staff from her back, whipping it to her side in a flash. “Whoa!” Seated casually in her chair was none other than Poe, his hands folded casually behind his neck, his ankle propped up on his opposite knee, though he at once held up his palms in surrender and sat forward. “Easy, easy! It’s just me.” “You--" she began uncertainty, loosening her grip on the staff. Poe offered an apologetic sort of smile. “You didn’t really think I would sit this out, do you?” Rey recovered her shock, and now she felt a bristle of anger. “How did you get aboard my ship?” “Oh? Your ship?” He sounded genuinely curious. “It was left to me,” she replied fiercely. “How’d you get aboard, what’re you doing?” “Same as you: finding the healer and bringing her to Finn.” Rey eyed his face closely, circling around the bridge. It was unnerving to see a stranger in her space. “I work best alone,” she muttered. Poe nodded. “I’ve heard that about you,” he mused. Rey wonder just what else he’d heard. “What about that officer? She said you’re needed here.” “They can do without me for a few days. It’s Finn that needs my help right now.” “He’s got me.” “I’m not leaving anything to chance, Rey. Can I call you Rey?” Without waiting for an answer, he leaned forward, bringing his elbows to his knees. His eyes shone earnestly. “Because I told you already: I owe Finn my life. Just like you.” Glaring straight at him, Rey bit the inside of her cheek. She wanted him gone. Nonetheless-- “Fine--but get out of my chair,” she growled, and he half-grinned, stepped away, and obediently dropped into the co-pilot’s seat. -------------- Chapter 4 : Dueling Pilots Chapter Four: Dueling Pilots -------------- Seated in the co-pilot’s chair, watching wispy white clouds dart past the window as the Falcon lifted from the ground, Poe made a mild, innocent suggestion: “You may want to adjust the dampeners.” In the captain’s chair, Rey sent him a short, bemused glance. She said, “Well, obviously.” “Just a thought. Oh, and the B-Valve!” He chuckled. “You sure as hell wouldn’t want to forget about that B-Valve.” Rey’s right hand moved sideways across the controls. Her left hand grasped the thrust. “I have not forgotten about the B-Valve.” “Common rookie mistake, that,” said Poe, propping his feet up on the dashboard. There wasn’t many actions he needed to take, with Rey acting as the main captain in their departure, and now he felt himself looking around the maze of switches for things to do, tasks to complete, feeling restless like there was an itch he could not reach. “Fuel cell A is low,” he remarked, tilting his head to examine the gauge on the wall. He tapped it with two fingers. “And the pump looks a bit rotted-like. You really should’ve replaced that when we were on base. And, hey, you sure you adjusted the A-valve? From here lookin’ a bit -- ” The look Rey cut him then was so perfectly cold that he stared, then closed his jaw. Meanwhile, the Falcon successfully cleared the atmosphere. The scene outside the window changed in a flash: one moment it showed a grid pattern of grass fields; now, the black stretch of space stretched out before them, dotted with miniscule bright stars. They were headed to Kadina Space Port to find Finn's healer. ------------ An hour passed. And then another. The ship plunged soundlessly through space and Poe found that, as usual, he could not sit still. Rey was elsewhere in the ship, keeping to herself, which he supposed he needed to respect as it was not his boat. Still, in spite of the severity of the mission, his lingering anxiety for Finn, he could not help but experience some boyish excitement: he was inside the famed Millennium Falcon. For awhile he scrolled eagerly through the Falcon’s status screens, reading through the old myths and adventures. Then he stood up and began testing the navigation knobs, wishing he had the opportunity to really take this ship through her paces. Finally, feeling fidgety once more, he abandoned the bridge and began exploring the ship, poking through old crates and cabinets and lockers until R-2 beeped in disapproval, trailing his heels. “Just looking ‘round is all,” he explained, laughing as the irritated droid nudged his calves as he opened a narrow locker in the hallway. “I heard Solo kept the best liquor on--” But the words dried up in his mouth. This locker did not hold glittering liquor bottles. It contained the most meticulously organized storage of food rations he’d ever seen. This locker wasn’t near the kitchen: this food was meant to be hidden. Freeze-dried packets formed a neat stack. Bottles of protein sat in a careful line. Cans of broth and beans were labeled by date of expiration. A slip of paper sat in the back of the locker, and Poe reached for it, uneasy but curious. In slanted handwriting was a careful, detailed record--including date and even time of acquisition--of each ration. It was painfully precise: each ounce of food was accounted for. This, Poe realized, was the food cache of someone who lived only in poverty. Who feared starvation above all else. Who knew no other way. Feeling wrong-footed, wishing that he hadn’t found this, Poe replaced the note and quietly closed the locker door. ------------ Chapter 5 : Captainship Chapter Five: Captainship --------------------- The Millenium Falcon was too damn quiet, Poe decided, swinging his feet toward the floor and sitting up from the narrow makeshift bed in the crew deck. This vessel was meant to house a bustling, noisy crew. Instead, it held only himself, a pesky droid, and a strange, quiet woman with more than her fair share of secrets. Restless, he pulled a wrinkled T-shirt on over the bare plane of his chest and crested the stairs toward the main deck--but he did not make it far before the R-2 unit slid sharply into view, blocking his path, sounding a loud, warning beep. “Easy, easy,” he said, offering his palms in surrender. Clearly, R-2 did not appreciate that Poe had, albeit accidentally, discovered Rey’s food cache. “It was an accident, alright?” he muttered out of the side of his mouth, and Rey’s voice called curiously from the sitting area. “What accident?” Throwing R-2 an irritated look over his shoulder, Poe walked into view. Rey was seated in the half-moon booth, a tablet screen laying before her. Her elbows were planted on the surface, with one slender hand digging into the folds of her brunette hair. “I locked up the nav controls. Fixed it already. No big deal,” he lied easily. Apologetically, he added to her, “Didn’t startle you just now, did I?” She shook her head. “I felt you coming,” she dismissed, and Poe thought, immediately, intrigued: the Force. Without invitation he dropped into the seat across from her, a heap of limbs. “Any news?” he yawned, stretching his arms over his head. “We're on course to Kadina,” said Rey, turning the tablet screen around for him to see a map. “About 20 hours off, if my math’s right.” He nodded, scratching his jaw absently. “Kadina’s a hell of a spaceport. You ever been? The nightlife ain’t bad, few decent brew-pubs.” Rey lifted her eyes. Her forehead wrinkled, and she was staring at him in mild astonishment, as if she couldn’t decide whether or not she was amused by the comment. “No,” she said at last. “I’ve never been.” “Hard to imagine an ancient wise old healer there, to be honest. What’s her name again?” “She goes by Corra. I’ve got a list of places she frequents, but from what I can tell she isn’t very forthcoming.” “We can make her help us,” he stated, after a moment’s pause. “If we have to.” He wondered, certainly not for the first time, about this woman’s power to harness the Force. He wondered what she could make a person do. But even he knew better than to ask. “I’m hoping it won’t come to that,” Rey admitted. Her eyes were a soft brown, he noticed for the first time. A burn of worry lingered in her gaze. “But then again,” she muttered, considering, “for Finn, there’s not a lot I wouldn’t do.” Involuntarily, the edges of his mouth inched back toward a sad smile. “Me either.” A pause settled between them, but not as uncomfortable as before. “Actually, now that you mention it--I was wondering.” A grin flickered around his face, teasing. “You and Finn. You two, ah--?” Her expressions were so muted that Poe could not easily read her. Finally, she blinked, and scrunched her nose. “It’s not like that,” she said in surprise. “We’re not--he’s my friend.” She kept her eyes on him, one eyebrow raised in scrutiny, and then she reached for her tablet again. “You know, you ask a lot of questions.” Poe laughed, once. “You don’t offer many answers.” “I do have one answer for you, actually,” she said, sitting up straighter. Poe raised his browline at this unexpected transformation: suddenly, she looked rather youthful. Playful. “Earlier, you asked if you could call me Rey,” she began. She seemed to be holding back a laugh. “And I’ve decided that no. You can’t call me Rey. But you can call me ‘captain.’ Deal?” Rather importantly she held out her hand to shake and Poe, startled, now barking a sudden laugh, lifted his hand from his lap and reached over to shake it. “Deal,” he said, “captain,” and then a glowing grin filled her face, broader than the Millenium Falcon. It was her first real smile of the day. --------------------- A fortunate understanding had settled between them now: they did not need to like one another to get this job done. To help Finn. Still, he remained quietly curious about this enigma; everyone on the base was, and curiosity was in his nature. What was not in his nature was getting bossed around. He could agree to call her captain; what was harder was appreciating the role. “You know I’m a commander, right?” he grunted as he sat on the floor of the ship, leaning on his palms, doing nothing but handing Rey tools she requested as she dug through the ship’s wiring under the floor. “Of Black Squadron? General’s right-hand? I did a speed-run in under--” “Wrench,” was all Rey said, voice muffled, sticking her palm from the grate beneath the floor. “And the cables. The red ones.” Rolling his eyes, Poe slapped the tools into her hand. Then he heaved a sigh. 10 hours left, he thought. “So. Back on Jakku, were you mechanic, or--what? What is it?” Abruptly, Rey shot to her feet and then froze in place. Still holding the bundle of wires, she suddenly went still as a statue. She stared emptily into the middle distance; she seemed to be listening hard for something he could not hear. Instinctively, Poe threw a look over his shoulder toward the bridge. The screens lay neutral. No readings. No warnings. Nothing unusual. But clearly, Rey knew something he did not, as she breathed, “We’re being followed.” --------------------- Chapter 6 : Pursuit Thank you all for the kudos & comments! :-) Also, is it true that my story is labeled "finished"...? It's ongoing, obviously, and I fear I may have labelled it incorrectly. I'm very new to this! Regardless, thanks for stopping by! --TMG. Chapter Six: Pursuit ------------------- We’re being followed. The moment Rey breathed the words, the wrench dropped from her hand with a clang . Then, in a flash, she pulled herself out of the ship floor and sprinted down the corridor to the bridge. “Get to a gunner bay!” she yelled, and Poe, like he’d been poised for this precise moment his entire life, dropped easily into the weapons corridor and into an open chair. “Radar shows nothing,” he said, throwing a headset over his ears. He swiveled his chair toward his set of controls, his eyes keenly searching the black blanket of space. “I got nothin’ either. Cloaking device, maybe?” “Not a cloaking device,” came Rey’s voice in his ear, buzzing through low static. “But pilot is powerful--they’re good at misdirection--” “Misdirection?” Poe demanded. In his lifetime of expert piloting, he’d never heard of such a tactic. “What the hell does-- whoa! Well here we are!” A flash of silver darted past the window, but it was only a glimpse of a ship, still out of range, employing some rather impressive evasive tactics. “You see that?” “I see it!” The floor below him gave a generous tilt to the left as Rey pulled the ship upward in a graceful arc. “I’m going back for it!” “That’s no First Order ship,” Poe said, tilting his head to squint at the opposing ship coming into view: it was small silver transport vessel. If it had any guns, Poe would have been shocked. “At least not when I recognize. But someone sure wants us bad--bounty hunter, maybe? You got any friends in low places, Rey?” he added, knowing the answer. “A few,” she said back, “hundred.” With that, a loud, happy laugh barked out of his chest. “Me too. Get me closer, I’ll fire a warning shot to so they know we mean business.” The Falcon leaned gently left, then more deeply, and then circled widely around the opposing ship. With one hand Poe pulled himself closer to the triggers; with the other, he scrolled through the controls. "Yeah, I know I'm not her," he muttered suddenly under his breath, speaking directly to the Falcon now. "You're gonna have to talk to me for a little while." “Just a warning shot,” came Rey’s voice in his ear. “Over the wing. Got it?” “I think I know how to pull a trigger, thank you,” said Poe good-naturedly, both hands on the gunner now. “A-one, and a-two, and--” His fingers squeezed down on both triggers, eyes narrowed in concentration as the exterior gun below his feet suddenly exploded soundlessly with light: an electric yellow laser blast shot through the vast space of the sky, then skidded perfectly across the opposing ship’s left wing. A sizzle, a spark, and then it went as planned: the other ship ducked left, then sank deeply out of sight. “Whew!” Poe yelped, tossing down his headset with a satisfied grin. “That scared ‘im off.” He stretched his arms behind his neck happily. “They had no idea what they were dealing with, eh?” Thinking perhaps he’d now find some liquor to celebrate, Poe pulled himself up the ladder and strode with an arrogant gait toward the bridge. “Nice flying," he said slyly, "You know, I can see why Finn’s crazy about you. Who do ya think that was, anyway?” As Rey came into sight, Poe could see how that she was not smiling. Her forehead was scrunched, her expression uneasy. She looked troubled. Or perhaps--guilty. “I know who it was,” she offered plainly. “It was Luke Skywalker.” -- Chapter 7 : Wayward Thank you all so much for the support! What a fun community this is! Of course even without your kudos & comments I’d continue this story; I am just having a lot of fun with Poe and Rey. It’s been awhile since I’ve used my imagination in this way! Regardless, thank you all again. --TMG P.S. This is my favorite chapter so far. Hope you like it too. Chapter Seven: Wayward ------------------------ Rey wished she had about six more pairs of eyes to take in all the Kadina Spaceport had to offer. A maze of sleek black corridors and shiny glass floors, the port offered repair shops, trading posts, mechanic garages, food courts, and refueling stations. And, just as Poe had said, a colorful array of nightlife. Pink neon light danced across Rey’s cheekbones as she descended a tremendous set of stairs into the belly of the port. For someone who lived her entire life aboard a desolate dust bowl, she couldn’t help but enter the entertainment sect feeling somewhat awed. At her side, Poe was also experiencing shock, but for entirely different reason. “So you’re telling me,” he was saying in her ear, “that I fired. Willingly. At Luke Skywalker. The Luke Skywalker.” Rey side-stepped as a scowling, broad-muscled bouncer was literally throwing a pair of Nikto reptiles out of his club by their necks. She tore her eyes away with difficulty. “At least it was only a warning shot?” she guessed, and Poe slapped his forehead. “A warning shot at Luke Skywalker! The legend! The most powerful Jedi of all time! And you ,” he groaned, weaving through the crowd of people with ease. “You let me do it! You knew it was him all along, didn’t you?” “You’re attracting attention,” Rey hissed, feeling suddenly tense, like she had a pair of eyes on her neck. “We'll find somewhere quiet to talk and I’ll explain, alright?” Looking not at all his usual relaxed self, Poe growled, “I’m holding you to that.” Although Rey would have liked to find a quiet bench somewhere, Poe shook his head, dismissive. “Let’s just get a drink,” he grunted. “Might as well take advantage of our surroundings. Plus, Kadina has the best smoked whiskey in the system.” With little idea of what that could mean, Rey nonetheless followed Poe through the crowds toward a bar called, judging by its faded lit sihn The Wayward . Luckily, it was decidedly more comfortable than the other clubs. There was no thudding music. No flashing neon lights. Sinking into a sagging leather booth, Rey looked around with renewed interest: species of all kinds drank together, conversing and laughing quietly around tall wooden tables. The oval-shaped bar was covered in wooden decanters, dim lights, and green ivy. Actually, she thought with some affection--this bar looked a little bit like the Resistance base. Or like Poe himself. Pulling her thoughts together, Rey sat up in her seat across from her counterpart. “Ask me what you need to, but make it quick,” she said briskly. “We need to get to Corra’s shop.” “Her shop’s not open until tomorrow morning,” Poe countered, and Rey thought: so you did do your research. “And I’m sure as hell not waking an ancient legendary healer from her slumber when we need her to do us a tremendous and life-risking favor. So.” He knit his brow together, full of amusement and challenge. “I’ve got all the time in the world to ask you questions.” “Fine.” Rey felt half amused, half annoyed, but only the annoyance showed. “Let’s hear it.” A grin lit his face. “Well my first question’s an easy one. What’re ya drinking?” He pointed with his thumb toward the bar, halfway off his stool. Rey opened her mouth, then closed it again. “I’m not. Drinking. I mean, I haven’t before.” He dropped back into his seat, startled. “Seriously? Ever? Never met a pilot who wasn’t a hard drinker.” “Well that’s concerning,” Rey mused. “But no. I don’t drink. At least I don’t think so. I’ve liquor on Jakku before, when it was imported in. It was completely foul.” “Hmm.” Poe adopted a look of focus. “Stay here.” He melted toward the bar, and re-appeared with not two, but three full tankards brimming with foam. He slid two in front of Rey, then sat. “No pressure,” he stated, holding up his palms. “Just if you want to. The one on the left is non-alcoholic if you want to go that route. Anyway, I have more pressing matters to deal with than your sobriety.” He drank deeply from his tankard, his eyes were focused on her face. “Like why the hell you let me shoot at Luke Skywalker.” At that, Rey almost laughed. “Well, honestly? Because I knew we couldn’t hurt him. He was toying with us, Poe,” she said, and she paused, just briefly, feeling certain this was the first time she’d ever used his name. He seemed to notice, too: his edges of his face softened. She pressed on, “He wanted to be seen. He wanted a warning shot. The man could bring down this whole spaceport in a second if wanted to using only his own brain.” Poe blinked slowly, as if recovering from this news. Rey could tell he did not entirely believe her. “So he’s following you,” he surmised shortly. “Why?” “To protect me, I suppose. Or send a message. He’s a quiet man, he barely speaks--but he’s completely furious that I left.” With that, Poe smirked with the corner of his mouth. “You pissed him off?” “I had to fight him off to even--” Poe choked loudly on his beer. “You fought him.” “--he went easy on me,” said Rey at once, truthfully. “But things did get a bit--messy when I left on the Falcon. His anger isn’t easily contained. Now,” she added, shooting him a warning glance, “I’ve already said too much about him. The important thing to know is he thinks it’s unwise that I left to go after Finn.” Poe frowned, but not out of displeasure. He looked thoughtful. “He's right; of course it’s unwise,” he muttered. “But you telling me Skywalker hasn't done anything risky for his friends before? Hell, all the things that are really worth doing are ‘unwise.'" A surprised pause fell between them, and then, suddenly, Rey felt a laugh exhale from her mouth. “Well, I’ll cheers to that,” she admitted, reaching for her one of her drinks. Chapter 8 : Finding Corra Anyone else SO GLAD to this week come to a close?! I'm exhausted... Took me longer than usual to get this chapter together because I just didn't have the time to spare. Anyway, thanks for checking this out, and enjoy! --TMG Chapter Eight: Finding Corra ------------------- "Ready to go?" called Rey through the closed metal door, lifting her fist and knocking sharply. It was early morning on the Kadina landing docks (although the darkness of space was ever-present around the spaceport), and Rey had leapt out of bed, ready to find Corra at last. But there was no answer at the door. Rey knit her brows together, knocking harder. "Poe?" Thinking that perhaps she heard a painful groan of mercy, Rey turned the handle and opened the door. Pausing on the threshold of the small crews quarters, she was greeted with the sight of a bare-chested man laying sideways in the narrow bed, his thick hair a puffy mess, legs tangled in the sheets. "Why, oh why," Poe groaned, throwing his arm over his face dramatically, "did you let me drink that much on an empty stomach?" Rey snorted. "Oh, yes, clearly your fourth drink was all my fault." "You know what?" he replied, but cheerfully, "You were such an interesting conversationalist that yes, it really was was your fault." He lifted head, his mouth pulled into a broad grin, and all at once, Rey felt a sudden knotting in her chest. Flirting, she thought thought with a thud of realization. She was in his bedroom. He was at least half-naked. Their light conversation that had nothing to do with the job at hand. This was flirting. She never recognized these kinds of interactions before until far after the fact. Dropping her arms to her sides, Rey suddenly pressed, "Just--hurry up, will you? Finn doesn't have time for your hangover," and then pivoted out of the room, leaving Poe in the bed with his mouth slightly open and his brow arched in confusion. ----------------- "We're close," said Poe, consulting a small tablet screen as Rey lingered nearby, her eyes scanning the area keenly: she'd been silently appointed the scout, the look-out, and he, the navigator.Their conversation had been sparse and decidedly business-like since they departed the Falcon. "Right--just this way then," said Poe, tucking the tablet into the back pocket of his trousers before moving into the sea of people. Rey pushed herself off the wall and followed, trying to dismiss the odd tingle crawling down her spine. As she weaved through the crowd, she clenched her fingers into her palm: for reasons she could not discern, her hand was begging for her lightsaber. (She kept the weapon tucked into her side, as hidden as possible; more than once she sensed Poe glance at it.) "I don't like this," she felt herself breathe quietly, as Poe stopped short. "Something's not right." "I agree," said Poe, arching an eyebrow. "Something isn't right. Our friend is dying in the med bay. And the person we need--is in there." He nodded indicatively. "Here we are; Corra's shop." It was an off-beat, odd little place; while other shops buzzed with activity, with shouting vendors, this store was quiet. Relics and beads decorated the smudged, darkened windows. Rey surveyed the shop's facade and then, subtly, she allowed her eyes to close. She could feel Poe watching her sidelong, but she pushed him from her mind's eye. Instead, she went inward--she pulled and pulled her heart and her mind closer to together, but it felt like dragging a fallen tree from a rushing river using only her fingertips. Heavy. Foggy. Impossible. "Let's go in," she breathed at last, opening her eyes and shoving open the door. A bell tinkled to indicate their entry. The space was small, cluttered, and dusty, filled with jars and vials. A pharmacy of sorts. Behind the counter stood a young man, currently paging through a thick book. He looked up and greeted them. "Mornin'," said Poe, smiling at him and sauntering closer, drumming his fingertips on the counter. "We're looking for Corra. I understand she's the best healer on Kadina." "You're in the right place," said the man politely, closing his notebook, though his expression flickered. "Unfortunately, Corra's off on a trip; she went off t--" It happened so fast, Rey could do nothing but exhale in shock, slapping her hand over her mouth as she screamed into it. Poe ducked his head, and the dart shot through the window, making glass crash everywhere; then it went straight into the young man's neck. His knees buckled, his eyes widened and emptied, and he sank to the floor. ----------------- Chapter 9 : Following Instincts Chapter Nine: Following Instincts ----------- In the seconds that followed, time froze. No one moved. The young man lay on the floor, as lifeless and limp as a rag doll. His round, empty eyes were on the ceiling. Unblinking. The dart simply sat into his neck like an odd accessory. With both hands Poe held the counter, fixated with widened, sickened eyes on the victim. "--Might not be too late," Poe mustered under his breath, shakily rounding around the counter. He dropped to his knees and pulled the dart from his neck, replacing it with two fingers to check his pulse. Across the shop, Rey nodded, but weakly--she knew so little about emergency care. She could bandage a bleeding wound just fine, and she knew exactly how much water and food to ration for three days of scavenging in the desert, but medical supplies--well, she'd never had the luxury of those. "Help him," she half-pleaded, flashing a look toward Poe desperately before she found herself dodging toward the door. "Help me, I'm going after -- " But Rey had no idea whom she was going after. She had no idea who had shot the shop clerk. All she knew was she was going after them--or she would try. " Rey--? WAIT! NO! " she heard Poe yell behind her, before she shot through the door and into the screaming, startled crowd. Pulling her light saber from her side, she sprinted into the fray. -------- An hour later, Poe paced miles back and forth in front of the Millenium Falcon. One hand knotted into his hair, his other hand swung at his side, and he simply felt like tearing the ship apart in frustration--it was only when the sight of Rey drew into view (she looked a bit scraped up, a bit out of breath, but nothing dire). Dropping his hand, Poe eyed her in shock, flooded with both relief and anger. But only the anger showed. "Are you goddamn crazy?!" he yelled, earning himself several glances from passers-by. "You left me alone! I could have been ambushed! And you had no idea what you were getting into anyway!" He came forward, a storm in his face. "Goddamn, they said you were like this--I didn't believe them. Don't ever, ever do that again, understand?" Rey's eyes fell into dangerous slits. "Don't," she muttered, "tell me what to do. Ever." She made to veer around him, but he halted sharply in her path. "Oh? Maybe General Organa or Kal forgot to tell you, but whenever I'm around, you're my charge, I'm your commander, and I'll pull rank if I hav--" "I don't have a commander!" Rey yelled, her eyes suddenly flashing. " Or a master! Not you, Skywalker, not Han Solo or Organa, not anyone." Mouth slightly open, brow furrowed, Poe watched in muted, angered awe as Rey stalked across the docks toward the ship's open ramp. Before disappearing upstairs from view, she paused. "And it doesn't matter anyway," she growled, sounding considerably less angry as she squinted into the middle distance. "I tore the station apart and couldn't find who did it." "Yeah. Well." Poe's face fell into an odd expression: he couldn't decide to glare at this insane woman or grin at her. So his expression hung somewhere in between as he sauntered closer and pulled his tablet out from his back pocket. "Turns out," he said, giving the tablet a little friendly shake, "Our friend Corra left some notes in the shop for us. Think I know where she is." -- Chapter 10 : From Afar Now introducing...well, introducing in a real way...everyone's newfound favorite angsty villain. ENJOY! Thank you for the love, yet again! --TMG. Chapter Ten: From Afar ----------- The young man who called himself Kylo Ren leaned back on the exam bench and slowly wound a bandage around his wrist with a lazy sort of boredom. Bandages. How quaint. Especially compared to the plates of metal sitting in his ribcage now post-surgery. He could barely inhale a breath without burning, searing pain. But, he mused, this was better than not being able to breathe it all, as it were... "Sir?" came the voice of his physician. He was pulling latex gloves on his wrists which, Ren subtly noted, were trembling slightly. Nervous, Ren thought at once, an amused lift to his brow. I still make them nervous. Fools. Cowards. "Hurry up then," Ren muttered disinterestedly, flicking his eyes toward the wall and surrendering his bare right shoulder. The physician tapped the syringe, but before he could put it to use, it happened. A horror gripped Kylo Ren's ribs, his lungs, his chest. He shoved the palms of his hands against his eyes, and a yell ripped from his throat like he'd been sliced in half. "Sir?" gasped the physician, shocked. "What is--?" "Shut up!" he snarled, knocking the syringe from his hands as he squeezed his eyes shut in sudden fierce concentration. His coiled his fists. His shoulders shook under the weight of it. Fresh blood seeped from his bandages. He was searching the dark, blindly groping for-- "It was her," Ren muttered at last, opening his bloodshot eyes slowly like a predator. "The girl. She's...after something. And she felt--a certain horror...." She'd seen something that struck through her like a knife. A dead body. Terror. And beneath her terror: a deep well of guilt, a lingering ache. And there was curiously something new there, something he'd never sensed from her: a small note of longing. "She's not alone," he went on, uncoiling his fists and bringing them to his lap. "But she's not at the base, and..." A grim, cool smile suddenly parted his lips. "Skywalker isn't with her." He shot a look at the physician, who was stark-white in shock. "We need to move. Tell your captain, whoever he is--tell them now. Go." The physician opened his mouth, gaping. " Now, I said!" --------- Chapter 11 : When and If Happy Memorial Day weekend, all! I'm likely going to have another chapter ready for you after this one really soon...it's been in my head for awhile and I'm eager to write it. Ta for now! --TMG Chapter Eleven: When and If ----------- "And you're sure," Rey said, eyeing Poe closely, "you're sure this means Mantera Bay.'" Poe slouched in the half-moon booth, his hands folded behind his neck. All around them, the Falcon lay dim and quiet, emitting only soft, electric beeps from the bridge. "Sure I'm sure. Read Corra's note again. She's describing Mantera to a T, plus it just seems like somewhere an ancient healer would go on holiday. S'nice place, quiet little city. Rains a lot." Rey was skeptical, though she decided, for perhaps the first time, to bite down on her cheek and say nothing: it was only because of Poe they had any kind of lead. While she'd stupidly chased a ghost through Kadina, he'd-- brilliantly and courageously , as he kept saying--dug through the workshop until he found a tablet with old messages. In a note to a friend, Corra had described escaping Kadina for a few weeks of reprieve. Poe believed it was Mantera Bay. And so that was where they would go. Rey did not realize it, but she'd dropped her forehead into her hand as she gazed distantly at the table; it was enough to earn Poe's gaze. "Y'alright?" he wondered, no doubt referencing hours before when a dead body had dropped to their feet. She forced herself back to the present moment, and found that he had an overtly intense stare. He held eye contact steadily, without embarrassment. "I think so," she offered quietly. "Are you?" A slow, wry grin spread over his scruffy face. "I'd feel better if I knew who got close enough to us for a kill-shot today." "Well." Rey massaged her temples, huffing out a breath, grateful to occupy her mind. "Let's consider who it was then. Makes sense that someone's targeting you or me--" "Especially you," he countered, lifting a brow. "You're the real troublemaker." It was not an insult. He looked serious, but affection colored his tone. "But they didn't hurt us ," she went on, smiling briefly. "They just killed our informant and fled. Seems like it was a gun-for-hire...someone who, what? Wants Corra for themselves and us off the trail?" "Or they just want Finn dead," said Poe. "The First Order needs Finn gone; he has all the secrets. When he wakes up, he'll be ready to spill." Rey felt a touch of warmth in her chest, and it took her a moment to identify why: Poe had said when Finn awoke, and not if. "I'm just surprised," Poe went on, leaning forward and cupping his jaw thoughtfully, "that they--whoever they are--managed to get close enough to Corra's shop...that's pretty inside information to get this far. You--" He winced with guilt. "You haven't told anyone about this mission, right--?" Rey wrinkled her brow, deciding whether or not she should feel offended. "Don't insult me. Who would I even tell?" "Right, right, sorry. I didn't tell anyone either, just my squad." He aimed his eyes at the ceiling, back to thinking, but Rey blinked at him slowly. "So you did tell people about this mission." "Eh? What? No, telling my squad doesn't count," Poe said, actually laughing. "Of course I told them: if something happens to me one of 'em is coming to take my place in this. And anyway, before you even think it, they'd die before they put me in danger." His confidence: it was just so uncomfortable to witness, like watching someone fall down stairs. Feeling wrong-footed, Rey averted her eyes, privately thinking that she would likely never trust anyone the way Poe trusted all of his friends. ---------- Chapter 12 : Camp (Part I) Chapter Twelve: Camp (Part I) ---------------- "This isn't right," called Rey, brushing sweaty hair from her forehead with her wrist. Her legs ached as she trekked up the steep path into the thick haze of greenery. Ahead, the figure of Poe trudged through the brush, pushing branches out of their path as they ventured deeper into the jungle. Rey had allowed him to borrow her staff for the purpose; they were switching off who led, as it was no easy task: the branches and hanging vines were so thick that it was actually dim beneath the canopy of leaves. It was also oppressively humid. The fabric of her clothing clinging to her flesh, her throat was dry, Rey called, "Poe! Hang on, we're going the wrong way again. We need to--" "Take the lower path, then steer left," Poe called, without looking back. He had never been near this jungle, but that did not prevent him from acting like he had mapped it all out himself. Rey halted in knee-tall grass, twisting to get the hand-drawn map from her knapsack. "Would you stop for a second? I'm telling you this isn't right. We need to go further west." "If we go west, we'll hit the river." "What are you talking about? The river's east." "It is not," Poe groaned, finally coming to a halt and rolling his eyes at her. "Yes, it is." Shooting him a glare, she brandished the map in his face. "I know my way around a map. Look." Innocently, Poe leaned his forehead against her long staff. Then he grabbed the map, frowned at it for a moment, and admitted, "Okay, so maybe we're a little off. But hey, it's getting dark anyway--we might as well call it quits for the night and set up camp, yeah?" Unfortunately, he was quite right. The first shadows of deep twilight were darkening the jungle. Rey had hoped they could make this trip up the mountain to Corra in one day, but the villagers of Mantera Bay had warned against trying. Mantera boasted miles of thick, lush jungle, and Corra's bungalow was at the very top. "All the way up there?" Poe had said, grimacing at the villager before darting a knowing look toward Rey. "Finn's lucky we like him..." Now, Rey released a sigh and found the nearest clearing in the trees, letting her knapsack thud to the ground. "You know," said Poe, also dismantling his pack, "I've got a better idea." Kneeled in the dirt, he looked up at her with bright eyes. "Why don't you just use the bloody Force and tell this Corra woman to get down here." In spite of herself, in spite of her exhaustion, Rey laughed. "That," she laughed, "is not how the Force works." "No?" He grinned, pulling supplies from his bag and tossing them haphazardly into the grass. "'Cause I can't seem to get a straight answer on what the Force can and can't do." "Honestly? Me either." Rey circled around the perimeter of the clearing, kicking rocks side, looking for firewood. "But it does allow me to sense some things, mostly." "Mm?" Poe lowered to the edge of a mossy log, bringing his elbows to his knees. "And what've you sensed about me?" Rey opened her mouth, hesitating. Then she said, "Well, for one. Your officer Kal? She has a thing for you." "No way." Confused, Poe tilted his head to the side, rather like a dog trying to understand. "She--really? Kal?" Rey nodded, truthful. She'd sensed a certain a leap of emotion in Kal whenever Poe regarded her or nodded in her direction. "Yes, really. It was radiating off her. I'm sure that's why she offered you the Finn intel, too. She's trying to respect your authority as her commander but she's desperate to ask you out." Poe no longer looked confused by this news: now he adopted a puzzled, half-grinning expression of (why was this so irritating?) curiosity. Intrigue. "Huh," he grunted, tapping his lips briskly. "Well. That's an interesting development. I'll have to look into that." He arched his eyebrows at her, hopeful. "So anyone else on the base got it bad for me?" "Hm. I'm not sure I recall." Rey planted her hands on her hips, eyeing him. "Find some firewood for me and maybe that'll jog my memory." Grinning, Poe rose to his feet. This chapter is to be continued. ---------