Hux sighed softly, looking down at Ren, who’s head was in his lap as Hux ran his fingers through his hair. “What?” Ren asked warily, having come to expect something terrible whenever Hux sighed like that. “Why are we still doing this, Ren?” He used to get annoyed that Hux never used his first time, but over the course of their relationship, it had become more intimate than his first name. “Because you like playing with my hair, and I like how it feels when your run your hand through it.” Hux rolled his eyes, giving a soft tug to a lock of onyx strands. “That’s not what I mean and you know it.” Ren did indeed know what Hux meant. He didn’t need the Force, didn’t need to read Hux’s mind or have a premonition, to know that he was questioning their relationship. Ren wanted to say it was because they loved each other, or at the very least lusted for each other, but he knew Hux wouldn’t except that. He needed something more than that. “It’s mutually beneficial.” It was cold, impersonal, and the only thing Hux was likely to accept. But he didn’t, not this time. There was something else, something was really bothering him this time. Ren opened his much too expressive eyes, and they plainly showed concern for Hux as he reached up and brushed his knuckles against Hux’s cheek. “What is it, Brell?” Hux caught Ren’s hand, lacing their fingers as he kissed his knuckles. He hated that nickname so much. He knew telling Ren his first name was a mistake the second he had come up with it. But right now, he loved the sound of it tumbling past Ren’s lips. “It’s… Nothing. A needless concern.” Truthfully, he was afraid. Afraid of what they had, afraid of what they could have, afraid of losing it all. He didn’t want to lose Ren, not after he’d allowed himself to care for the insufferable man so deeply. Ren could sense Hux’s turmoil. It was rolling off of him in waves that he was picking up through the Force, and he wished there was something he could do to put Hux’s mind at rest. Suddenly, he got an idea. He sat up and pulled Hux close, kissing him deeply. Hux smiled against his lips softly as he kissed back, pulling away eventually to breath. “What are you doing, Ren?” Ren caressed his cheek, before standing and swinging Hux up into his arms, easily carrying him despite his height. “You need reassurance, and I am going to give it to you.” Hux laughed softly as he was set on the bed, before Ren was climbing over him, caging him in with his arms. “Honestly, Ren, I really don’t.” Ren simply clicked his tongue chidingly at Hux, tugging off his tank top before going for Hux’s, tossing both on the floor somewhere at the foot of the large bed. “Yes,” he murmured, leaning down Hux’s neck. “You,” another kiss, this time to the other side. “Do.” This time a kiss on the hollow of his throat. “Oh all right. It appears you’re determined.” Hux sighed softly, stroking Ren’s hair gently as he gave him a barely-there smile; somehow more intimate then when he grinned, or smirked, or the rare bright smiles he sometimes showed. Ren got to work trailing kisses down Hux’s chest, just barely brushing his lips over pale skin. He turned to kiss Hux’s palm once he made his way all the way down his torso, before gently gripping his wrist. He brushed his thumb over the raised skin, before kissing the long scarred since letters. Unbreakable . Hux had been slightly delusional and more than a little hopeless when he’d carved that into his forearm when he was 15 with a dagger he had stolen. It was a silent promise to himself, etched in flesh and signed in blood. It was a reminder that Hux was fractured. It was why he had been drawn to Ren; the knight had something he needed. Ren had broken Hux apart so completely when they had fallen into bed together, and then Ren had meticulously put him back together after all of the screaming and crying and weakness, 15 years of it that had been built up and suddenly released. That fracture was still there, still waiting to crack under the right pressure, but only Ren knew what that pressure was. And whenever he applied it, he always put Hux back together again, sometimes having to spend hours to pick up the pieces. But Hux needed it, and so did Ren. Hux needed to lose control, needed to embrace the chaos tearing at him from the inside, and Ren needed to be in control. He was in control of how much he broke Hux apart, never enough to truly break his precious general, and in control when he put him back together, built him back up. Outside of the bedroom, it was as if nothing had changed, and really, nothing had. Even though it felt like nothing was the same. Both of them had calmed their demons, at least somewhat, able to lock them away and let a peace settle over them that they had never known before each other. Their relationship was indeed mutually beneficial, but it was so much more, so much deeper. They were tied to each other now in a way neither would have thought possible. It was beyond infatuation, beyond love, beyond even a force-bond that was said to stay with people through generations, ensuring that they found each other in every incarnation. Ren released Hux’s arm to indeed smooth his hand up his sides, then his shoulders, then just a little higher to squeeze around his neck. And just like that, the tender atmosphere shattered. Ren dipped into Hux’s thoughts for reassurance, for permission, and received two simple syllables in response. Break me . And Ren did. He shattered Hux, watching as he fell apart under his touch, both physical and from the Force combing through his mind. And when it wall over, when Hux lay panting and shivering under Ren, covered in a light sheen of sweat and eyes glazed over, Ren gathered him into his arms and held him delicately. He smoothed his hair down, ran his hand down his spine, crooned to him gently. He pulled the blankets over their naked bodies, lulling Hux to sleep with his touches, broad hands soothing him until the tremors stopped. Ren followed Hux into unconsciousness, taking him to a beautiful, lone planet nestled among the stars, just for them, ready to put Hux back together again. Notes: I've been working on The Academy (sequel to Heartless Monster, which I would love some comments on) and i needed to take a break. Let's just say its as painful, if not more so, than HM implies. So here, have this. Not sure what it is, but its 4am and I just sort of let the story go where it wants, no plan at all in mind.