Shara Dameron-Skywalker was born amongst the stars. Specifically, she was born on the Millennium Falcon a month early after a very unexpected run-in with a small squadron of TIE fighters. They had been travelling to Nar Shadaa on a simple recon mission, with Rey under strict instructions from both Poe and Finn, along with Chewbacca, General Organa and Master Skywalker, to stay on the ship no matter what happened, when both the attack and Rey’s contractions hit very suddenly. Things had been touch and go, both in the fight and during the labour, but when Shara first opened her eyes it was to the smiling faces of her mother, fathers, the exasperated yelling of one Wookiee uncle (said yelling could best be translated as “I should have listened to Leia and made you crazy people stay at the base”) and the excited beeping of a certain one of a kind orange and white BB unit. She was wrapped in her family’s lucky jacket; which was a little patched and worn from various adventures over the years but still standing strong just like them. The name had been chosen by Poe, after his mother. As soon as Rey announced she was pregnant, there had been a good-natured argument over the baby’s name. Games of Vibroblade-Blaster-Energy Shield, races down corridors at the base, even coin tosses had all been jokily used between the three of them to determine who would be the one to pick. In the end Rey had looked down at the large brown eyes of her little girl, and she really was her little girl and that was a thought so terrifying and beautiful it made her heart stop, she felt a small tidal wave of emotion from Poe that had her looking at her husband slightly startled. He was smiling in that sad way he did sometimes, and one word was echoing in his mind. ‘You’re right,’ Rey said, snapping both him and Finn out of the trance that the tiny baby had placed them under, ‘she does look like a Shara.’ Poe lifted Rey’s hand to his lips and kissed it softly. ‘Thank you,’ he whispered. He looked up and across to Finn. ‘That alright with you, Buddy?’ ‘More than alright. It’s perfect for her.’ Finn’s smile was brighter than suns. ‘And I think she likes it too. Hello Shara, we’re so happy to finally meet you.’ It wasn’t the most conventional start to a life, but it was perfect for her.