That morning, Endee woke Luke up by sitting on his chest and singing, "I don't know why but today seems like it's going to be a great day!" He pushed him off, more a suggestion than a shove. The Force ghost departed, still singing about the sun shining, though it had not yet risen. Luke had to admit he was curious, but he'd learned fourteen years ago that the more one tried to get information out of the Force ghosts here, the more they sang, mostly songs unrelated to the question, and it was too early in the morning to be treated to a graphic description of Endee's penis. They'd been waiting for him here, the three of them like something out of Kuatian mythology, in uniforms of high-necked tunics and slim chains. In life they had been members of his mother's retinue; Endee was particularly proud that he'd had the responsibility of cleaning her shoes. In the afterlife, they mostly sang about sex, and how much Keev and Jorma liked sports, and a refrain about wearing titanium armor and pulling out your teeth and isolating yourself and rolling solo. Luke hated that song. Every time they sang it he would have rather heard anything else, even about how Endee's shit had gotten on Padme Amidala's shoe or Keev's stinky dick. As he stoked the fire back to life and began boiling water for tea, the ghosts were joined by one of irregulars, who didn't wear the uniform and mostly left Luke alone, and the song changed from something Luke had actually been enjoying to the same one they'd been singing at least once a day for several days before the destruction of billions of lives had rippled across the galaxy and left Luke shaken and horrified. Afterwards, he couldn't hear it without thinking of that sensation. And Seepar's ode to snacks always made Luke's stomach growl. The plant life here was mostly edible, but he hadn't seen a sweet in over a decade. It was absurd, the things he had begun to miss the most. Today, however, in the beat between "true that" and "double true," a ship dropped out of hyperdrive. Luke felt it, or rather the sudden presence of the two beings aboard it. One was Chewbacca, but the other, while distantly familiar, was not Han. Luke had a bad feeling about this. But not a bad enough feeling to prepare him for the realization, when the Falcon touched down, that the other presence was Breha. "Burn the print off your thumb," advised Keev, and disappeared. So did the other ghosts. But Luke couldn't. Surely Breha could sense him as he could her, and there was nowhere to hide, not anymore. Breha was--grown, now. It surprised him. It saddened him. She held out his old lightsaber. And then the ghosts came back. Luke knew that look on their faces, knew that they'd soon be jizzing in their pants, or, in Jaeti's case, his box, before Endee had even sidled up to Breha and said, "Watch it, girl--" She whirled around and clobbered him in the jaw. "You can see them?" Luke asked, his voice rusty with disuse. Endee got to his feet, clearly determined to try again, but was interrupted by BL-0010, who spread his arms wide and belted out, "A mystical quest! To the planet of Ahch-to!" "No!" Endee howled, and he and the rest of the ghosts chased BL-0010 out of the clearing. "Of course I can see them," said Breha. "Why wouldn't I--" She blinked. "I'm Rey. I already know you're Luke Skywalker." He nodded. He didn't trust his voice. "This is your lightsaber." She held it out to him again, but this close, he could hear the undercurrent of her thoughts. She'd been expecting him to be taller. "I left it behind for a reason." She shook her head. "This is important ," she said. "The First Order destroyed the Hosnian System. And they're looking for you. If they'd found you, and you hadn't had this--the Resistance needs you." Luke remembered the holo of Leia, years and years ago. You're my only hope. But Obi-Wan Kenobi had only managed to be cut down by Darth Vader, and his lasting legacy was to set Luke on his path, which.... "I can teach you," he said, and that was the wrong thing to say, somehow, but he didn't know why. She was so different, grown up. Angry. He supposed she had reason to be. "If it means you'll help the Resistance," she said, "fine. You can teach me. Now let's get back to the Falcon. I can't be sure we weren't tracked." He didn't want to leave. He didn't want to ask where Han was, if not with the Falcon and Chewbacca and his niece. He didn't want to say no to Breha. He didn't want to stay here, waiting for Ben. Ever since the massacre he'd dreamed of the first Death Star, a black-clad and -helmeted figure dealing a brutal death blow to a man in a brown cloak. But it wasn't his father doing the killing, and it wasn't Obi-Wan beneath the cowl. It wasn't even him, in the dreams. Both figures were Ben, and every night they fought. "Yes," Luke said, his voice rasping, "to everything, but--you keep the lightsaber." He didn't want to fail his family again. He had no idea how to prevent that, but going with Breha seemed like a good start. The paths were familiar to him, and he took the lead, knowing there was only one spot on this island with enough clearance to land a ship. They didn't talk--silence, he sensed, was now familiar to Breha, which seemed utterly unlike the child he'd last known her as, and his throat hurt from too much conversation. Endee and Keev and Teepane were waiting for them on top of the Falcon, but not for long, because Chewbacca emerged to chase them off, and then envelop Luke in a tight hug. His fur got up Luke's nose. Luke's eyes watered. "Wait," he said, when he could breathe again, "you can see them too?" Chewie rolled his eyes and huffed. A few meters back, Jorma translated, unnecessarily, "Welcome back to the real world, jackass." Notes: Since pointing them all out would make the notes longer than the fic itself, I'm just going to say that if it looks like a Lonely Island reference, it probably is. And Jorma doesn't get the drunken Scrabble Star Wars name treatment because there's at least one canonical space Finn.