When they have sex for the first time, Hux sees his first name on Kylo's wrist. It's clearly visible on his skin, small black letters contrasting beautifully with the too-pale skin that's so much like his own. He's close to the edge and so he ignores it, burying his head in the crook of Ren's, so that he doesn't have to see it. He bites down hard enough to make Ren scream and he shatters, coming over both their torsos. Hux follows close after and then lays down to rest on top of Ren, for once not minding the mess. Did Ren know...? Yes, he decided. Yes, he must have. Hux had never spoken it out loud and neither had anyone else except for his "close" family. But it was available on his file, it was clear on his ID and even if that wasn't enough, Ren could easily have plucked it from his mind if he fancied. He didn't seem to care at the moment, instead dosing in post-orgasmic bliss, arms tightly enveloped around Hux. Hux thought of his own Name and for once in his life, felt guilty. He decided never to mention it. In any case, he carried a band around his own wrist, effectively covering the name there. He didn't even take it off when he showered, not needing the constant reminder that somewhere out there was a person that would never know him and would be happier because of it. Work before everything, even this dalliance with Ren, that (if Hux knew him well enough, which he did) he would want to continue. And Hux, selfishly, saw no reason not to. And, frankly, why should he be bothered by this, why should he even dwell on it at all? So he was Ren's soulmate. Big whoop. Jealous Ren would have no competition to worry about, unless Hux's own "Ben" decided to make an appearance in his life. Since the chance of that was close to zero, he'd let Ren have this one. He couldn't do it. Call him sentimental, but he couldn't do it. Hux had no problem ordering large scale invasions and supervising brutal takeovers. For fucks sake, his life's work was a weapon of mass destruction. Yet for some unknown reason (you know the fucking reason) he cared. He actually cared about how Ren would react, he actually gave a damn about what the pathetic sith wannabe, plain mess of a human being thought about him. Fuck. Four weeks into his first "serious" relationship (if you considered regular sex and not always friendly banter a relationship) and he was already attached. Ren hasn't mentioned it so far, thankfully. But he was growing impatient. It was subtle at first. Sly, knowing glances after Hux had stared at his wrist for a second too long. After that he moved on to making Hux's name as visible as possible, as often as possible. He also began to gesture to the band on Hux's wrist too often. Sometimes glancing from the band to Hux's eyes like he was simply saying "Well?" This night, he'd taken it a step further by trailing rough kisses along his neck to his shoulder before making his intent known by biting the band . He tugged at it viciously with his teeth, a low animalistic growl coming from deep in his throat. Hux had to push his head away to get him to stop. "Show me," Ren had demanded, face still above his hand, gripping his arm in a vice-like grip. "I don't want to." Ren had tilted his head, boring into his eyes with his own. "You're protecting me from something." Hux clamped down doors of steel on his thoughts. "What do I have to protect you from?" Ren narrowed his eyes slightly. "Nothing, but you think you do." Frustration pricked at Hux's skin. "I'm protecting you from the truth." "No, you're protecting yourself from it." Hux bristled. "Why don't you just pick it from my mind? Or is that beyond even your abilities?" Ren loosened his grip on his arm and moved up so that his face was only a decimetre away from Hux's own. His lips moved to form a mirror of Hux's own words from only moments before. "I don't want to." Hux raised an eyebrow. "Oh?" "You're my soulmate and I want to spend the rest of my life with you." Hux felt cold, like a snowstorm had blown in through the door. The words spoken aloud, the brutal truth, something had shifted, changed. Hux couldn't ignore it anymore. He raised his hand to the space between them. "If that's how you feel, you don't want to see what's underneath." Ren looked into him, and then looked down and grasped his arm again, gently this time. Then he locked eyes with Hux again. "Pain only makes me stronger, my general." He kissed each of his knuckles as he tugged the band of. When it finally slid of Hux's hand, Ren turned his wrist over, finally seeing the script for the first time. Three letters, dark, with a too wide space between them, all large. Like a child's handwriting. B E N Ren's breath hitched. "I told-" Hux began, but was silenced by a pair of lips against his own. "What?" He breathed when they parted. Ren put his hands on the side of Hux's head, thumbs brushing his cheekbones. "You wanted to save me from tragedy, but it seems like I'm the one who should've protected you." He kissed Hux's temple, showering his face with featherlight kisses, on his cheeks, forehead, eyelids, lips, chin, jaw. "I know the boy on your wrist," he all but whispered as he closed his eyes and rested his forehead against Hux's. "He's dead," he announced, with a strangely clear, deadpan voice, opening his eyes to stare into the other half of his soul. Hux felt even more cold creeping over him, freezing him completely. "I'm the one who killed him." Hux couldn't breathe. Chapter 2 : Lögnare Summary: Ren opens up. Sort of, kind of, not really. Notes: Ok so apparently people liked this and want more?? I'm confused but here it is. One day I might actually proofread my text and have it beta-read. But today is not that day. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) "You've given me mixed signals, Ren." Hux had pushed himself up from his stomach on his elbows, so close that he was almost laying on top of Ren. Ren himself laid on his back, one arm beneath his head, eyes closed. "Have I now," he said dryly. Hux paid it no mind. "First you tell me that you want to spend the rest of your life with me, and then you go on to immediately tell me that you killed my soulmate. Most people would hate you for that, for destroying what might be their only chance at true happiness." "Yes, but luckily for me you aren't most people. You're still here. I'd say that it's a pretty clear sign that you want me back," Ren said, opening his eyes to watch Hux through narrowed slits, assessing him. Hux gave him a lopsided smile that barely reached his eyes. "You say that like I don't already have you," he retorted. Ren grunted. "Hm, true I suppose." He looked down, pursing his lips. Hux's smile reached his eyes for just a moment before leaving way for the familiar frown. He wasn't done. "And on the subject of what I want," he began. "I want answers." Ren's nostrils flared, a sharp gleam striking through his dark eyes. His lips turned upwards in a mocking smile. "Always so greedy, my general," Ren said in a song-song voice, mocking him. Answers to what?" Hux pushed himself up into a sitting position. He looked away, red fringe falling over his eyes. His voice was strangely small when he spoke, so out of place. "Who was he?" He asked, in that soft voice that made something twist and churn in Ren's gut. His voice was barely a whisper when it continued. "Ben, the boy you killed? My...." He stopped, the silence growing heavy over the two of them. Ren sat up as well, leaning in towards Hux. "Your soulmate," he spat, shattering the silence. Hux finally looked him in the eyes again. There was a preternatural gleam in them, something Ren hadn't seen before. Hux's jaw was tightly locked. "Yes," he said sharply. Ren sneered. "He was still a teenager, I can't really tell you who he was," he answered. "No one is really themselves in that age, too busy struggling to fit in." He sounded like a lord spewing lies about peasants, nose upturned with a cruel sneer on his face, looking like he was smelling something terrible. It was so childish that Hux let out a short laugh. "You're jealous," he said. Ren huffed. "So what if I am?" He said defensively. "You're aching for someone who's been dead for over a decade when you have me right here. It's ridiculous!" Hux snorted. "You're the ridiculous one, being jealous of a dead teen when I'm right here," he said, throwing Ren's argument back at him. He growled and turned his head away. "I don't have the answers you want," he said. Hux didn't believe that for a second. "You're his murderer, you knew his name and you knew his age. You're just hiding the truth from me. Why, I don't know." "What do you want to know?!" Ren yelled suddenly, throwing his hands up. "Who was he?" Hux sounded dangerous, with barely restrained anger. Anger at Ren's lies and dramatics, anger at Ren's continued evasiveness. Ren made a disgusted noise, but softened. He leaned into Hux, one arm possessively wrapped around his waist. Hux's hand automatically went up to his neck, pushing Ren's forehead to rest on the crook of his shoulder. He said the edge of the first letter, the capital B and repressed a shudder. Ren finally spoke. "...A Jedi apprentice, one of many I killed," he admitted with a grumbling murmur. "A prodigy, he was very skilled, but he was so afraid. Always afraid. Of everything and nothing. He was a lost, insecure and uncertain boy right up to the moment of his death." Hux buried his nose in Ren's hair, closing his eyes. "What was he then?" Hux insisted. Ren's response was almost too silent to hear. "Stupid." Notes: Why do I always write when it's late and I have a test the next morning?? Someone stage and intervention for me Chapter 3 : IT'S A TRAP Summary: Ren, you oblivious idiot Notes: To write this chapter I had to google "how to write snogging scenes" #beinganacewriterlike Please note the changed rating. It's not really explicit, but I want to be on the safe side. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ren knew something was off the moment he stepped inside his quarters. Hux was there, but that was no surprise. Generally private being that he was, Hux had made it clear that he preferred that their meeting would take place there. So, no, that wasn't what was off. Hux was happy . Not in the smug way he usually displayed his satisfaction, but with a broad smile and raised eyebrows in the innocent kind of way. It made him look ten years younger, with his usual frown smoothed out and a mischievous gleam in his eyes. He was reclining on Ren's bed, legs folded underneath him in a casual manner that he did not often display. He wasn't dressed like usual either, only wearing a black shirt and slacks, boots off. His hair has no gel in it, making his ginger locks fall softly around his face, brushing his cheekbones. He looked fantastic, but it was so un-Hux that it gave Ren pause. Stranger still, Ren could practically feel Hux's excitement brimming over, spilling into all of his surface thoughts. Ren didn't even have to look for it. Hux broadcasted it with a foreign eagerness, like he wanted Ren to know exactly how happy he was. "Who did you kill?" Ren deadpanned. Hux tilted his head, still smiling. "Sorry?" "You're... Oddly chipper," Ren explained. "It's disconcerting." Hux laughed. "I'm just excited," he said. "About what?" Ren asked. Hux sat up properly, more like himself, with his hands neatly in his lap. "I have a special surprise for you tonight," he said. Ren's suspicion faltered, weakened by surprise. "For me?" Ren asked. He inwardly winced at how childishly hopeful he sounded. "Who else?" Hux responded. "Are you sick? Injured? Dying? There has to be a catch to this," Ren surmised. Hux waved his hand in a dismissive gesture. "I could just not give you the surprise, if that's what you want," he said. "No, I do want it," Ren quickly said. Hux looked pleased. "I knew you would," he smirked. He rose from the bed with grace and beckoned Ren closer with a crook of his finger. Ren stepped closer until he was an arms length away from Hux. "Lock the door, please," Hux requested. Ren swiftly reached out with the Force, locking the door to his quarters. "Good," Hux praised. Ren felt his cheeks heating. "Now please take your helmet off, I'm not going to kiss a bucket," Hux told him. Ren had almost forgotten that he was wearing it. He raised his hands to the switch. The lock hissed and he lifted the weight off, letting it drop heavily to the floor. Hux chuckled. "What is it?" Ren asked. "Your hair," Hux answered, laughing. "You've got helmet hair." Ren's pale cheeks turned florid and he looked down to the floor. "Here, let me," Hux said, reaching up to his hair. He ruffled the nest on Ren's hair and adjusted the locks that stuck out oddly as well as he could. "Better," Hux smiled. "You're very gentle today, it's unlike you," Ren said. Hux shrugged. "It's like you said, I'm happy. Now, the rest has to go," Hux said with a vague hand gesture towards Ren's torso. "The rest of what?" Ren inquired. There was a familiar look! The one where Hux told Ren that he was an idiot without using any words whatsoever. "Your clothes." that kind of surprise." Hux raised an eyebrow. "Disappointed?" he teased. Ren smiled coyly. "Far from it." "Good," Hux smiled. He drew in a deep breath before continuing, letting the words fall out in a rush. "Because every second that you're still wearing clothes a small part of me dies." That admission made Ren let out a loud laugh. "We had sex yesterday ," he blurted out. Hux made a sound of impatience. "You're still not naked!" He nagged. Ren let out another laugh but obeyed. He didn't bother trying to make it into a striptease, since he knew it would look ridiculous if he did. Hux didn't do anything more than observe as he methodically removed each article of clothing, with the exception that he chimed in once to say "I still the crop top-suspenders combination looks ridiculous." "Well, we're all entitled to our own opinions," Ren quipped, slightly miffed. The second he pulled the last piece of - his underwear - Hux crashed into him, latching into Ren's mouth with his own. The strange gentleness of his actions from the before was muted now, replaced by the familiar aggression that ruled most of their encounters. Hux tugged on his lower lip with his teeth, almost hard enough to draw blood. He'd wound his arms around Ren's neck and Ren's arms had automatically clasped his hips, pulling Hux's body flushed against him. His lower body responded eagerly, unabashed at his stark naked state while Hux was still fully clothed. They both drew back after a while to breathe, gasping into the other's mouth. "Bed, now," Hux said, out of breath. He then surged forward to give Ren one lingering kiss that made him whimper before pulling back again. "It's time for the surprise." Ren wasted no time. He all but dived onto the bed, settling on the black (of course) covers, looking to Hux as he awaited further instructions. Ren's eyes widened as he saw Hux pull out two lengths of folded silk rope from his pockets. "Arms up," Hux ordered. Ren visibly faltered, hesitating. They hadn't done this before and he wasn't sure if he was willing to give up himself like this. Even considering the fact that he wouldn't be truly stuck, since he had the Force to his disposal. Hux climbed up on the bed, laying down on top of Ren with his arms folded underneath his chin. He regarded Ren with a large, earnest expression from beneath his light lashes. "Do you trust me?" Hux asked him. Ren didn't hesitate this time. "Yes," he said honestly. Hux sat up on his haunches. "Then raise your arms," he repeated. Ren hesitated this time as well, but slowly raised his hands to each bedpost. Hux began with his left hand, tying the wrist securely so that the knot wouldn't undo itself, but loose enough for Ren to maintain circulation and not bruise. He finished swiftly and then immediately moved on to the right. This time, he slowed. He looked at his own name there, written in a hauntingly beautiful cursive. Ren observed him, noting that for the first time, his mental feedback from Hux had completely quieted. Then Hux seemed to shake it off suddenly, moving on to secure it identically to the other arm. "Finished," Hux said triumphantly. Ren tugged on each tie, testing them. They held, but they didn't hurt. "You will remove them if I ask you to, won't you?" He asked Hux. Hux moved his right hand to Ren's cheek, cupping it gently. "Do you even need to ask?" Hux smiled sweetly. Ren let out a breath of relief. "What now?" He asked. Rather than reply verbally, Hux settled on answering him with his actions. He straddled Ren's lap and bent forward to claim his mouth once more. Their tongues intertwined in a long, gasping kiss. Ren had his eyes closed, caught in the sensation but he recognised the sound of fabric hitting the floor as Hux freed himself from his shirt. He then moved his left hand to Ren's chest, splaying his fingers over the defined musculature. Ren gasped as Hux moved his hand to ghost over his right nipple, screwing his eyelids shut. Then he gasped for an entirely different reason as cold metal met the flesh of his neck. His eyes flew open to find Hux holding a lethally sharp knife pressed against his throat. Hux hadn't cut him, but the edge was so sharp that the pressure with which Hux held it against his throat was enough to make small drops of blood trickle down his neck and down to bed, staining the sheet. His eyes were wide open with fear and shock. He was too stunned to speak and even if the shock hadn't, the look of triump and rage in Hux's eyes would have been enough to shut him up. The merry smile from before was gone, replaced by a cruel smirk. Hux's voice was as sharp as the knife when he spoke. "Surprise." Notes: BOI HE BOUTA DO IT Chapter 4 : Ont Summary: A certain point of view strikes again. AKA Ren takes after his original namesake, but not in a good way. Notes: The title is a Swedish word that means both hurt and evil ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) "Hello, Ben ," Hux purred. Ren's blood ran cold. Of course. Of course . "So you know," Ren said. He felt the blade dig in deeper and his pulse quickened. His heart beat like a hummingbird. "What gave it away?" Hux said sarcastically. Ren knew that it was a rhetorical question and said nothing. He only swallowed audibly and felt the small cut deepen when he did. He'd known something was off, he had, but Hux's rare show of gentleness had been enough to make him let go of all logic. Pathetic. This was a whole new level of sad, even for him. "Now, Ben, I have a very important question for you," Hux hissed with a wicked, angry grin plastered on his face. Ren drew in a quick breath through his teeth, jaw locked tight enough to hurt. "Don't call me that!" Ren spat at him. "I'll call you what I like! " Hux responded with a yell, marking the last word by viciously grabbing Ren's hair, pulling his head back. The pain made Ren cry out. His view of Hux was now incredibly limited. This position relieved some of the pressure from the knife on his throat, but as he couldn't see Hux it didn't make him feel any safer. "It's your name, isn't it?" Hux said. "Ben, Ben, Ben, Ben, Ben! " he said into Ren's ear. The first word was barely a whisper but with each repetition it grew louder until he was screaming it. "Fucking BEN!" Ren's ears rang. The knife flashed too quickly for Ren to see, but he felt the shallow but long cut on his left cheekbone. It was instantly back to his throat again, too quickly for him to try and defend himself. "You lied to me!" Hux roared. His face was redder than his hair and his look was that of a man who was losing his mind. "I didn't lie to you!" Ren yelled back, pressing himself upwards and into the razor sharp edge. "You're lying again!" Hux accused. "I'm not Ben!" Hux cut him again, on the right side of his temple this time. The blood from his thin cuts ran down to where Hux had his hands, painting them both. "You let me believe that I was fucking the man who murdered my soulmate! The other half of my soul, Ren!" He cried. Hux was now leaned over him so close that his face was only centimetres away. His legs dug into his sides hard enough to bruise them. Ren's entire body screamed out in pain, but what hurt the most was the rage mixed grief in Hux's look and the way he stared at Ren like he was the sole source of evil in the entire galaxy. Ren was silent. "Do you know what the worst part was?" Hux asked him hoarsely, much more quieter now than the screaming from only moments before. Hux didn't wait for Ren to respond. "The worst part was trying not to hate myself for loving you, despite it all," he whispered. Ren felt like Hux had punched him, the pain from his confession making his insides churn and his lungs stop. When what he said had truly sunk in, he felt like his ribcage had been torn open and his heart crushed. Ren felt wetness on his cheeks. Belatedly he realised that it wasn't the blood, but silent tears falling from the man above him. That conclusion made Ren aware of the fact that his eyes were wet as well. The silence stretched on between them. The only sounds audible was that of Ren's strained breathing and Hux's deep breaths as he tried to make his heart slow. "Say something," Hux pleaded him, shattering the quiet. He sounded small, broken. It took another minute for Ren to decide what to say. "I'm sorry," he settled for. Because he was. He had told Hux the truth, from a certain point of view. But he hadn't really considered Hux's reaction, he'd been too occupied by his own selfishness. His former name and Hux's fondness of it had made him jealous of himself. He'd thought that Hux somehow would have preferred it if Ren still was young, innocent Ben Solo and not Lord Kylo Ren. He hadn't realised that Hux was simply fond of the idea that he had someone out there for him that was truly his and his alone. Ren hadn't known that Hux could grow to love what he had. That Hux could reciprocate Ren's feelings. If he had ruined that, then he truly was sorry. He could only hope that reconciliation was possible. He then noticed that Hux didn't look at him like he was a villain anymore. He wore a frown, his mouth hanging slightly open. He looked confused. Ren noticed that for the knife wasn't digging into his flesh anymore. Then he thought that it didn't truly matter, because if Hux was going to slit his throat, he would have done so already. "You're..." Hux began, but struggled to find the words. "You really mean it don't you?" He said in disbelief. "I'm sorry," Ren repeated. Hux collapsed on top of him, forehead against forehead, their chests pressed together. His hands went slack and he felt the knife slip out of his right hand. He let it drop beside them and closed his eyes. "I wish I could hate you," Hux whispered against Ren's skin. Ren smiled. "I know." The silence that stretched between them was comfortable this time, a lull, a pause, a break. They simply rested with one another, their lips barely touching. After a couple of minutes, Ren remembered something. "Can you please untie me?" He requested. Hux chuckled. "No." Notes: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Notes: wake me up (wake me up inside)