Ren felt the breath leave him in a sudden gasp as the ungloved hands of his General pushed him backwards, his head bouncing off of the pristine white pillows that Hux favored. He immediately propped himself up on his elbows, unwilling to allow Hux to have the satisfaction of total dominance. “You were exceptional today Ren.” Hux practically crooned the words as he approached the foot of the bed, watching the Knight with an intensity and focus that sent shivers through Ren. “This kind of success deserves to be rewarded.” “I really didn’t d-“ “Hush." Hux silenced him by putting his pale, delicate finger to Ren’s lips. By now his entire body was kneeling predatorily over Kylo Ren, eyeing him in the manner a starving man gazes at a banquet. “I’ll say when you failed and when you succeeded. And, in this, my dear, you absolutely succeeded.” “Unless, of course,” Hux suddenly pulled away, making as if to rise and leave, “you would prefer to continue your training. I’m sure there’s paperwork I’m behind on somewhere.” Laughing, Kylo Ren pulled Hux back down by his collar. “No, no – you’re right. After all, who am I to argue with the great General Hux? I think I’ll take my reward now.” Smirking Hux threaded his hands through Ren’s hair. “Then in that case, I think it would be best if you…” Trailing off, Hux sat back up, pulling his hands away from Ren’s head. “…Ren, why do you have grey dust in your hair?” Frowning, Kylo sat up as well, running his hand through his locks and pulling it away. Like the General’s, it was covered in a fine dusting of grey powder. “Ah, yes. Well, about tha-“ Whatever he had been about to say was cut off by the indignant squawk that emerged from Hux upon seeing his formerly immaculate pillows coated in the same grey dust. “Why the pfassk are my pillows this filthy? Do you know what it takes to have them properly cleaned and not merely replaced with common linens from the barracks?” Hux’s face was steadily growing more red. “It’s not so bad! Look, it’ll just wipe clean.” Hastily Kylo took the pillow into his hands, frantically scrubbing at the ash and only succeeding in grinding it into the weave of the thread. Hux snatched the pillow back and cradled it protectively. “What. Is. This?” “Do you want the right answer, or the safe answer?” “ Ren .” “Right. Well. I’m sure a man of your standing will appreciate this. I mean, it’s really quite empowering and it always allows me to focus on –“ “ Ren! ” “It’s the ashes of my enemies. After I kill them I have them burned and place them in my room.” “And how exactly does it get in your hair?” “Well, it makes an awfully convenient stand for my helmet. And I suppose that, sometimes, the ashes might find their way into the helmet…and then into my hair.” Kylo had never seen his General’s face turn this colour of red before, which unfortunately made him become immediately defensive. “I mean, what am I supposed to do Hux? Not put my helmet there?” At this the General stood, calmly rearranged his clothing until everything was in it’s proper place, and then pointed at the door. “Out.” “But Hux!” “ Out .”