Hux Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Armitage Hux stared at the home in disdain. It was a nice home, sure, but this wasn’t really what he wanted for his life. No, he didn’t want to be renting out a room in a stranger’s home because he was kicked out by his ex-fiancé. He shouldn’t even consider her that since the engagement lasted a total of seven seconds. Just the right amount of time for him to be relieved and for her to realize she said yes to the ring and not actually to him. If he was telling the truth, he didn’t love her. He hadn’t even known what love was, but everyone around him had convinced him that marrying her would be the best thing to do. It was good that she said no… or at least, he had been trying to tell himself that since she told him that she wouldn’t be able to be comfortable living with him. Which he shouldn’t have given up the place so quickly, but it was too late. Hux sighed and walked up the steps to the door, but before he got a chance to knock the door swung open. “Took you long enough.” “Were you just staring at me the entire time?” Hux asked. “You were staring, too.” The older man shrugged. “Follow me.” Hux followed the man through the house. It wasn’t much better than the outside. He led him to a room that was covered in red wallpaper with flowers and a lot of… exotic posters littering the wall. “So this is the room you’ll be renting. There’s not too many house rules, just try not to make too much noise. Particularly when having sex.” Hux grimaced and shook his head. “No chance at that.” “Oh Christ, two losers in one house.” The older man looked away. “Look, just keep it quiet anyway. If you need anything, I’m not really going to be of any help. Figure it out yourself.” Hux didn’t have much to say to that. The old man, which he still did not know the name of, pushed past him. “I’ll be taking the first two months’ payments up front. Any cheques can be made out to Harry Chapman.” That was convenient. Hux took out the money handed it to Harry. “That’s all of it.” “Cash. Fantastic. We’ll get along greatly.” And then Hux was alone. He set his bag on the bed, which wasn’t the best, but it didn’t matter. This was his life now. This is what he was. A single man in a room with red wallpaper and posters of women on the wall. He thought about calling his parents, but honestly he couldn’t handle listening to them worry about him right now. He did need to talk to someone though…. He took out his phone and dialed his friend’s number. Actually, he didn’t know if she was still his friend considering her sister was the one who dumped him. “Hux, I was wondering when you’d call.” She said. “Phas… right sorry. I probably should have called earlier.” “Yeah, you should have, you twat. I was worried about you. Erin came home crying yesterday and barely told mum and dad. They’re disappointed, in all honesty. I think they really wanted you to be part of the family.” Phas said. “Erin was crying?” “Something about false promises. Mate, what happened? I know you told me she said no to the proposal, but what else happened?” “Nothing. I don’t know?” Hux muttered. “Honestly, I don’t know why she’d be crying if she was the one who told me no.” “So you know nothing of false promises?” Phas asked. “None at all.” “Erin is probably being dramatic about the whole situation. Mum and dad haven’t exactly been happy about the whole thing, though. She doesn’t want to be viewed as the one who ruined her chance at marriage, probably.” “I’d rather not talk about Erin.” “Well, how about you? How are you?” Phas asked. “I’m doing as well as can be expected for a guy in my situation. I’m living with some bloke named Harry Chapman. Apparently he’s a family friend, but I’ve never met him before today.” “At least he’s not a serial killer.” “Nice, Phas.” “Well it’s true, you don’t need to know how many creepy people kill others and lure people into traps like this.” Phas said. “You’d be a perfect candidate.” “I’m just going to ignore that you said that.” “That’s fine.” She laughed. “Listen, I’ve got to go help mum cook lunch, but you text me. If I go a couple of days without word from you again, I’m going to assume that you’re dead and start selling your things.” “Funny, but fine. I’ll text you.” “Good. Gotta run now, bye Hux.” She hung up the phone. Hux threw his phone on the bed next to him. Hux had been living with Harry for two months. Two months of drinking beer, which he didn’t even really like, and listening to him complain about the play he was writing. Two months of going to work as a shit lawyer. Two months of avoiding his family and friends, with the exception of Phas, who had a habit of bursting in unannounced. This was his life now. “Oh cheer up, mate. You’re living with England’s greatest living playwright.” Harry said. They were currently having breakfast and maybe Hux’s face was reflecting his mood. “You say that all the time.” “Because it’s true. And you need a bit of cheering up. Your life can’t be too bad.” “I’m working a job that I hate. One where I have to wear a silly wig and robe. I’m living here when I should be living in a home with my fiancé, except no. I don’t have one, because she couldn’t stand the thought of marrying me or living with me.” Hux said. “You know what? It’s pointless to even complain.” “You’re right, it is.” Hux rolled his eyes. “What? It is. No one except you really cares that much about your life. It’s not like you’ve asked how I’ve been and that’s perfectly fine.” Harry took a bite out of his toast, but it didn’t keep him from talking. “Look it. Quit your job if it’s so shitty. I have plenty of room on my staff. It may only be for the duration of the play, but it’s something.” “You want me to quit my job and work for you?” Hux asked and tried not to show how genuinely confused he was. “I don’t want you to do anything. I am offering you a solution to your job problem, though it’d be funny to keep you in a wig and robe.” “Yeah, truly funny.” Hux muttered. “Besides, I don’t have to wear a wig and a robe all of the time.” “Once is enough, mate.” Harry shrugged. “Think it over. Come by for the auditions, if you want. I can use all the help I can get.” “I’ll think about it.” Notes: thank you for reading and i hope you enjoyed! please bear with me, its a bit short and no ben/kylo yet, but there will be very, very soon. this is just an intro chapter. please leave comments! Chapter 2 : Ben Notes: Ben's timeline is a bit different from Hux's timeline, but they will both meet in the middle and share a timeline. Sorry if it confuses anyone. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben looked at the people around him. He didn’t know anybody and his friend had long since abandoned him. Partying wasn’t something he did often, but when he did, he had to admit, he got into it. He downed his fourth shot and shook his head to shake off the burn in his throat, not that it did anything. Admittedly, Ben didn’t like going to house parties. They were kind of stupid, but at the moment, he could hardly care. He was trying to forget about the conversation he had with his father that morning. His mother had apparently accomplished something pretty extraordinary and they expected him to go to the banquet with them. They didn’t know that he had dropped out of college, yet. They didn’t know that currently he had moved to London to live with one of his old roommates. Except, now they did know. His father hadn’t really said much, but he did say that he had disappointed his mother. Now Ben didn’t really care much about what his father thought, but he did care about his mom. He always had. He refused to speak to her. He hung up the video call before his father could pass her the phone. There was no way Ben had to endure the disappointment in his mother’s voice. So now he was drinking. A lot. Enough to forget. “Mate, don’t just stand there. Dance. Do something.” Someone next to him said. He didn't even know this person. “I am doing something. I’m drinking.” He replied anyway. The guy didn’t say anything else, and walked away. Better for Ben, he didn’t want to talk to strangers. He wanted to drink. Maybe even fuck a stranger, but not talk. Fuck talking. He took another shot, this time he didn’t shake his head, he just embraced the burn. Someone tugged at his arm. “Ben.” He turned around. “There you are. Where the hell did you go?” The tall, blond haired woman shrugged. “I went to talk to someone, it became a longer thing than it needed to be. You’re wasted.” “I am. You left me alone in a room of strangers.” “Oh, you aren’t a child, Ben.” She said. “I’m not, but that doesn’t mean I want to be left alone.” Ben muttered. He didn’t really care if he did sound like a child. “Right, well, I’m thinking it might be time for you to go home.” “I don’t want to go home without getting laid.” He said. “You’re so drunk that you’re going to hit on the wrong guy and get your ass kicked. Get laid when you’re sober. Come on.” Phas grabbed his arm again and pulled him out. “You’re no fun at all. Plus, I know better than to hit on a straight guy.” Ben followed her anyway. “Okay, so there was that one time back in New York, but I don’t count that and neither should you.” “You had a black eye during one of your performances, Ben. It was ridiculous.” “I didn’t fail it, though.” He countered. “That’s hardly the point.” They got to Phas’s car. “I’m only saying that you make bad decisions when you’re drunk.” “You’re only judging me.” Ben said as he got into the front seat. “If you say so.” She laughed. Surprisingly, they make it to their apartment. Ben passes out on the couch, peacefully ignoring all his problems at home. Two weeks later and Ben finally feels like he’s got to do something. Phas’s apartment is great and he loves living there, but he hates having her pay for everything. Especially since she spends a lot more time at her parents’ home now. He didn’t even know why. He could barely stand his parents; he was genuinely glad for the distance between the three of them. “My sister is coming over.” Phas said. “So pick yourself up off my couch and clean up a bit. The last thing I want right now is to hear her criticize my home.” Ben got up, though he complained about it. “You’ve never had your sister over. Why is she coming?” “Because she’s mad, again and this time my parents don’t really want to deal with it.” “The ex-fiancé thing again?” He asked. Phas groans. “Yes, something like that. It’s always about him, which I mean, fine. I get that she’s angry and hurt and whatever, but the guy is also my friend. She knows this. Hell, they met because of me. But, she’s gotten into the habit of trying to get me to stop talking to him.” “I’ve never seen this friend of yours.” “That’s because he won’t come over to my place, won’t let me over at his because of his housemate and you’re too lazy to ever leave the house with me unless there are drinks involved.” Ben frowned. “That’s not true.” It was true. Phas shrugged. “You need to clean up this mess.” There wasn’t that much mess, but he cleaned it up anyway. He put everything in his room because honestly, he couldn’t be bothered to actually find a place for everything. Phas would definitely get after him later about it. Ben finished in the nick of time. The girl that came in through the door was the polar opposite of Phas. Her hair was long and brown, her eyes were green and she was short. Well, shorter than Phas, but that wasn’t saying much. “So, this is the roommate she’s been hiding from me.” “Hi, I’m Ben.” He didn’t move to get any closer to her. He wasn’t sure he liked the look in her eyes. “Hey, Ben. I’m Erin.” She smiled, the look in her eye didn’t go away. Didn’t she just break up with her fiancé? “He’s gay, don’t try anything.” Phas said, which should have bothered him, but honestly relieved him. “Great, another one.” She muttered under her breath, but Ben still heard. “What’s that supposed to mean?” He said before he could think better of it. Oh well, Phas could deal with it. Erin’s eyes grew wide. “I didn’t mean it like that. It’s just that I’m pretty sure Armie was gay… is gay.” “That’s ridiculous.” Phas said before Ben could say anything. “It’s not ridiculous! It’s the truth, it’s why I can’t be with him anymore. Don’t you dare make me feel stupid about my decision.” Phas frowned. “Wait, please tell me that you didn’t break off the engagement because you think he might be gay.” “I know he is. I didn’t come here for you to judge me, though.” She said. Ben felt bad for this Armie man. He’d hate it if people discussed something about him that was none of their business. Worse, he’d hate it if someone just assumed something about him and treated him differently because of it. He had to admit, when he told his parents that he was gay, they didn’t react at all like he expected. He expected his father to hate him, tell him that he was wrong and that it was a phase or something entirely stupid like that. Ben expected his mother to cry, to ask him if it was her fault this happened to him. But they hadn’t done any of that. His father instead said that he knew someone who was gay and that it never bothered him then so why would it start now. His mother nodded and told him that she was glad he felt that he could tell them. Then she made his favorite for dinner. Armie, whoever this man was, obviously either wasn’t gay or didn’t feel comfortable with the people around him to let them know. Either way it wasn’t anyone’s business. Ben sighed. “I’m going to go pick up something to eat. I’ll be back later.” “You’re leaving so soon?” Erin asked. “Yeah, you two probably need privacy. It was nice to meet you.” And then he slid out the door as quickly as he could without looking like he was escaping. A month had passed and currently he sat in a room full of twenty-five men, waiting to audition… again. He hadn’t told anyone about it. Not even Phas knew. He didn’t want anything to jinx him or ruin any chance he had of getting into this play. On West End, no less. His hands were shaking. His phone started buzzing and without thinking he answered. “Hello?” Everyone looked at him, then looked away. Ben mouthed that he was sorry. “Ben, you said you were going to call. Where are you?” His mother had gotten into the habit of calling him twice a day. He told her that she didn’t need to and had he been in front of her, she probably would have hit him upside the head. So he relented and allowed her to call. “I’m busy, I’ll call you back later.” He whispered. “No, you’ll talk to me now. I refuse to be waiting by the phone all day to hear from you. I’ve got things to do, too.” She said. He decided not to tell her that she could go do that and leave him alone. “I’m at my callback.” He said more urgently. He immediately cringes because the last person he should have told was his mother. “You’re at a callback? I didn’t even know you auditioned for something!” She sounded angry, but then she said. “How’s the competition?” “Everyone here looks like how I’d look with a nose job.” He muttered. “Don’t talk like that, Ben.” She scolds. “I’m sure you’ll do well, anyway.” A redheaded man stuck his head out through the meeting room. “Kylo Ren?” “I got to go, mom.” He said and hung up the phone, following the man through the room. He decided it'd be for the best if he ignored the fact that the man pronounced his stage name as kilo. He auditioned, again. He put everything he had into his performance. Ben wasn't even worried if he had given his best, because he knew he had. He left the room with a smile on his face. Three hours later he found out he got the role. He couldn’t believe it when they told him. He almost kissed every single person there, even the stone-faced redhead. He did however call to tell his parents, which normally wouldn’t have been on his to-do list. He told Phas. Told everyone he passed by. Straight after he went into the restroom and screamed his brain out, only muffled by the toilet paper he shoved in his mouth. He couldn't remember the last time he was this genuinely happy. He couldn’t wait to start this part of his life. Which, was cheesy and sappy and gross, but he didn’t care. He was going to fucking make it. Notes: I really hope you enjoyed! This is still just an introduction of each character and that's why it's short and really they haven't intermingled much. Please give kudos and comment (if you want), every little bit helps!! (also, i really hate the name armie, but so does hux so let's fuck with him) Chapter 3 : It Happened After a Callback Notes: POV starts with Hux and ends with Ben. NSFW-ish. Hope you enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) HUX Day of Callbacks Hux couldn’t believe he had roped himself into helping Harry out with his play. He was basically a glorified assistant. Of course Hux would spend a ton of money going to law school and wind up being his housemate’s errand boy. The weird part about it, was that he didn’t actually mind. His brain could focus on one thing and nobody’s livelihood depended on how well he did his job. In fact, nothing really depended on whether he did his job. So he went out and called names, got coffee, made sure the right scripts were handed to the right person, etc. He stayed in the corner for the rest of the time, which could get boring, but it didn’t really matter. “Hux, bring in the next one.” Harry said, so he did. He looked down at the chart and frowned. What kind of name was Kylo Ren and why did they think spelling kilo with a ‘y’ would make the name cooler? He shook his head and opened the door. “Kylo Ren?” The man who was on the phone said something really quick then hung up and got up. He had long, curly hair, his nose was a little bit large and he was slightly taller than Hux, but it worked for him. Hux went and stood in his corner, which he normally did while each of the men had their auditions. There hadn’t been any extraordinary auditions yet, but then again Hux knew jack all about what they were looking for. This man, though… This man knew the exact moment a certain emotion was called for. He laughed when he needed to, cried when it was asked of him. His voice trembled and it sent shivers down Hux’s spine. Every emotion that they were supposed to feel from the scene, Hux felt. Somehow, Hux had managed to keep a straight face and excused himself the second the moment allowed. He needed to compose himself and get back to work. Hux didn’t really understand why he was feeling this way, he never truly got emotional about things. It didn’t surprise him that a few hours later, Kylo got the part. Despite the ridiculous name, the man was perfect for the role. Kylo was excited for the part, he could tell. He enthusiastically shook everyone’s hands thanking them. There was even a moment when Hux was sure that the man was going to come up to him and thank him, too. But luckily he thought better of it and walked out of the room. Hux let out a breath. He tried to reevaluate every emotion coursing through his body, but came up short. There was nothing he could come up with that would explain how he felt. He needed a drink. The pub was loud, but Phas liked the atmosphere so Hux agreed to meet her here. Besides, the drinks were cheap and the barkeep didn’t bother to limit anyone. “You didn’t tell me you quit your job, Hux.” Phas said, the worry shone in her eyes. “I didn’t. I’m on temporary leave. Unpaid, so really my boss didn’t care. Rory volunteered to cover my work load.” “And you let the poor schmuck do it?” Phas asked. Hux did feel bad about leaving Rory with all of his work, but the man had offered and really it did make Hux’s decision to leave a lot easier. “I did.” Phas shook her head and took a drink from her glass. “That’s horrible.” “You don’t need to judge me, Phas.” “Alright, alright.” She said. “Actually, funny story. I think my roommate might have auditioned for that play. At least he auditioned for one and got the role. Wouldn’t that be funny.” Hux’s face heated up. He had almost managed to forget about Kylo Ren. “If he has a weird name like kilo, then yeah, probably.” Phas started laughing and didn’t stop for nearly a minute. “Kilo. That’s fantastic. I told him that was a ridiculous name.” “I don’t get it.” Hux glared. He most certainly hated being left out of the loop. “His name isn’t Kilo, you dolt. It’s Kylo. With a hard I sound.” “Why on earth would he call himself Kylo?” “It’s his stage name. Don’t ask me where he came up with it because I don’t know. His real name is Ben.” “Ben.” Hux muttered. He finally had a decent name to associate with the man. “But honestly, Armie, you shouldn’t judge anyone for their name.” Hux groaned. “Don’t call me that.” “You let Erin call you that.” Phas smirked. “Because Erin had sex with me and could call me whatever she wanted.” Hux said back. Phas cringed. “That’s my sister, you shit.” “Don’t call me Armie.” Hux repeated. “Fine, Armitage.” Phas rolled her eyes. “As if that’s much better than Armie.” “It’s much better than Armie. What the fuck kind of nickname is that anyway?” “I don’t know. I didn’t come up with it.” Phas said. “So, I forgot to mention… Erin finally told me why she broke everything off.” Hux choked on his drink. “When the fuck did that happen?” “That’s beside the point. The point is…. Fuck I don’t even know how to go about this.” She shook her head. “Maybe this isn’t the conversation to have while we’re drunk.” “We’re not drunk.” Hux said. “Stop bullshitting and tell me.” Phas groaned. “Maybe this is something I should be drunk for.” “Phas.” “Fine, but don’t bite my head off. I’m only the messenger.” Phas said. “She thinks you’re gay.” Whatever Hux thought that Phas was going to say, it was not that. He thought there might be some misunderstanding, something that he could explain wasn’t actually his fault…. But this? This was…. “Why does she think I’m gay?” “Fuck, I don’t know. She didn’t tell me that part.” “This is so…. fucked. I can’t believe she’d call off the engagement because of that. She could have talked to me. I’m not gay.” Hux said, finishing the rest of his drink. He needed another. “I’m not .” “I know you’re not. I told her you’re not, but she didn’t really listen to me…” Just then Phas’ phone started ringing. She looked at who was calling and got up. “I’ll be right back.” Hux watched her leave the pub and then he ordered them more drinks because he needed them. When Phas came back, she was smiling. “So, my roommate is coming over. Celebrating and such. Also, somehow he’s paying for drinks.” “I like him already.” Hux muttered, then groaned. “I didn’t mean like that.” “You’re overthinking it. Chill.” “Right, chill. I’m chill.” But, he wasn’t chill. He had only just realized that the one person he had been meaning to push out of his mind was now on his way to him. Well, to Phas. He still didn’t know what he was feeling earlier and given new information, he really did not want to know. “You don’t look chill.” Phas said. “Drink up. Let loose.” “Maybe I should go.” “Don’t be daft. Stay and have fun. Plus, I think it’ll be great for two of my friends to finally meet.” Hux didn’t think so, but he stayed. He was finished with his last drink when that same tall man from the auditions came up to their table. His hair was up in a bun this time around. Phas smiled. “Ben! You got here quickly.” “Hey, yeah. I was close by already.” Ben said. Hux was glad he had a normal name he could call him by. “Is this your friend?” “Yeah, this is Armitage Hux.” Phas said. “Your name is Armitage?” Ben smiled. “That’s- “Better than Kylo? Yes.” Hux said, not really in the mood to hear anyone make fun of his name. “I was going to say interesting.” Ben sat down in the booth next to Phas. Hux groaned and felt his face go red. “You’ll get used to him.” Phas told Ben. “His name is a sore spot.” “Just call me Hux and we’ll be fine.” “Okay, Hux it is. So, were you two talking about me?” “What do you mean?” Hux asked. “Well, you know my stage name. I don’t see how that’d come up in normal conversation.” Hux didn’t know why, but he was slightly disappointed that Ben didn’t remember him. It wasn’t as if he did anything other than pronounce his name wrong and stand in the corner. But, he couldn’t get Ben out of his head all day and this man couldn’t be bothered to remember him. Phas stepped in before Hux could say anything. “Actually, Hux works for that play you auditioned at.” “Oh shit, you’re the one who called me kilo aren’t you?” Ben laughed. It was a loud and boastful one, but Hux actually liked it. “Like I said before. Your name isn’t exactly normal.” “Well, you didn’t say that. You said your name was better, but that’s alright.” Ben said, but the light was still there in his eyes. He wasn’t at all angry. “No, wait. You said your name was Armitage, right?” “No, Phas did.” Hux said, pleased to have corrected him. “But it’s still Armitage?” Ben asked, unaffected. “Yes.” “As in the Armie that your sister talked about?” Ben asked Phas. She groaned. “You spoke to Erin?” “Let’s not do this tonight.” Phas said quickly. Ben just shook his head. “I’m sorry, man. That’s rough.” “What’s rough? Is this about me being gay? I’m not gay.” Hux said and got up. “I can’t believe… Phas, I’m going to go.” “Hux, don’t. Just sit down. Let me order us some chips.” She left the table before Hux could say anything else. He sank back into his booth. “This is a fucking nightmare.” “For what its worth, you shouldn’t worry about people thinking you’re gay.” “I worry about it when it caused my relationship to end.” Hux said. “A lot of relationships end.” “I dated her for six years.” “Six years is a lot, but I still stand by what I said.” Ben shrugged. “Relationships end. They aren’t the end of the world. You’ll pick yourself up and date other people.” Hux rolled his eyes. “Right.” Phas came back with a basket full of chips and three glasses of Guinness. “Alright, everyone drink and eat and let’s move on from this tense thing. I actually want to have a good time.” “That’s fine with me.” Ben said. Hux didn’t say anything as he took a chip from the basket. It isn’t as if Hux started this conversation. “Hux?” Phas questioned. Hux groaned. “Fine.” The night didn’t turn out to be a total bust, Hux decided. It had started off rocky with Ben or Kylo Ren, whatever, but ended up being pretty decent. No more comments about his sexuality were made. Kylo Ben kept buying drinks and Phas kept buying food. Especially since her alcohol intake stopped the moment Ben had his first. Phas wasn’t much of a drinker, though. She just enjoyed the company. Ben, however, drank more than Hux had ever drunk in his life. He honestly didn’t know how the guy had managed to speak intelligibly. He was impressed. They talked about the play, which Phas was excited to know about. They talked about Hux leaving his job, though that wasn’t Hux’s favorite topic. They talked about how Ben and Phas truly met and why Ben decided that he didn’t need to finish school. The conversation was nice. Hux could admit that he needed the company. He was a lonely man. The thought did occur, while he was waiting for his cab, that he could have taken someone home. There were plenty of pretty woman at the pub, but his heart wasn’t in it. He still missed Erin. Plus, the hassle of asking the girl to leave in the morning was not something he looked forward to. He’d just go home, take a cold shower and go to bed. He could handle being alone… yeah, he could definitely handle being alone. Erin was gone, even if the reason for it was completely unfounded, so he would enjoy his new life as a bachelor…. Or so he hoped. Suddenly, he thought he needed at least one more drink. BEN “Your friend… Armie …” Ben said, eyes widened. Phas laughed, her sight focused on the road. Ben knew for the most part that what he was about to say might be wrong. Hux was straight, or at least he desperately claimed to be and that was okay with Ben. He wasn’t going to judge anyone…. but, Hux was beautiful . High cheekbones, his lips, those eyes… Ben could have stared at him all night if Phas hadn’t suggested that she take him home. He knew it was for the best. “Whatever you’re about to say, maybe it’s best that you don’t.” She said, but there was a lightness in her voice. She didn’t mean it to sound rude. “He’s beautiful.” He said anyway. Phas shook her head. “You’ve kept him to yourself all of this time.” “Because he’s straight.” Phas reminded him. Ben waved this away. “Straight or not, I want to admire his face. All of the time.” Ben closed his eyes and imagined what it might feel like to have Hux’s lips against the nape of his neck or how his hands would feel sliding down his chest. He wondered if Hux would prefer to ride his cock or would prefer to top… if he were gay. Phas cleared her throat. “Don’t get too excited. I’m still in the car.” Ben smiled and muttered an apology. Still, the thought of the redheaded man fucking him senseless was something he was going to keep in the back of his mind. Ready to be used when Ben needed it. But, if he were being honest, Ben would admit that he needed it far too soon…. The moment they got home, Ben went to his room. He shed his shirt and threw it in a corner. His shoes and pants were a bit trickier and he almost tripped pulling them off, but eventually he managed to get them both off. He got into bed in only his boxers, but quickly pulled those down. The moment his hand touched his already hard cock, Ben could tell he wasn’t going to last long. He closed his eyes and the image of Hux’s tongue licking up the length of his cock floated into his head. His hand moved slowly down, his thumb brushing over the tip, and then up. He hissed from the touch, but continued on. In his head, Hux’s mouth was stretched around the length of Ben’s cock, trying to take in as much as he could. His heavy breathing would cause a vibration that shook Ben to the core. He knew it. He craved it. Ben would ask him to prep him. Get some lube and use his finger to slowly work him open. His hand started moving faster, twisting and squeezing every so often. His other hand roamed over his chest, leaving markings where his nails dug in. Ben let out a muffled moan into his pillow. Still, he did not slow down. His hand moved with the same steady rhythm as he imagined Hux’s head moving up and down his cock, finger working his asshole as if he knew every part of Ben’s body. Knew every little move to make him cum. And he did. All over his stomach and hand. Ben slowed down, pumping a few more times only to make sure he was truly done. When his eyes fluttered open, he let out a rough breath. He knew this wasn’t good. He was absolutely fucked. Ben woke up in the morning with a headache and a vague recollection of pleasing himself last night to the thought of someone he’s very much going to have to face sooner rather than later. He groaned and got up, pulling up his sweat pants. He needed a shower. He felt absolutely disgusting and ashamed. A little less ashamed. Embarrassed might have been a better word. The time on his bedside table read that it was ten in the morning, so he knew that Phas was gone. She went into work at a local theatre at eight. Ben walked out of his room and grabbed a towel from the closet next to the bathroom. Then he went and turned on the shower to the hottest possible setting that wouldn’t completely blister his skin. He pulled his sweatpants off and threw them to the side. When he stepped into the shower, the hot water eased some of the tension stored in his back. Ben groaned. Last night was exactly the reason he needed to listen to Phas. Normally, he didn’t find himself attracted to straight men and even if he did, he sure as hell didn’t fantasize about them. Despite what Phas might have thought. But, yesterday…. Hux had…. Ben didn’t even know. He hadn’t found himself attracted to him the first time he saw him. He was stiff and quiet the first time. The only words out of his mouth were his stage name and even that had been a complete failure. But… there at the bar…. Ben couldn’t explain it. The fire? The way his eyes glowed the moment he sensed a challenge? Ben didn’t know. Hux was completely off limits, though. Ben could force himself to view Hux only as a colleague…. What had happened last night? It wouldn’t happen again. There were plenty of other men he could think about. Men that weren’t ginger with green eyes and the best cheekbones he’d ever laid his eyes on. Ben closed his eyes and let the hot water keep running over him. He had half a mind to turn the heat even higher, but thought better of it. Then he’d only feel like a pervert with blisters. It wouldn’t be a good look for him. After washing out his hair and rinsing the soap off his body, he got out and dried himself off. In the mirror, Ben could see three prominent scratches. Etched into his skin like a reminder that he did something incredibly stupid. Ben thought this was a good thing. A reminder of his fuck up and a reminder not to let this happen again. It couldn’t happen again. Notes: This is my first time writing any form of smut, so... yeah... anyway, I hope you enjoyed! Review if you want, it'd mean a lot to me. Also, things are gonna start to move faster. Look for an update soon! Thank you!! Chapter 4 : It Happened During a Lunch Notes: Ben / Hux / Ben is the POV. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) BEN The moment he walked into work, he avoided Hux. Of course, Hux made that job a bit easier by avoiding his gaze when they did happen to be in the same room. Ben would have been upset by it, but he wasn’t in the position to be angry. He still felt disgusting for what he had done. “Kylo, are you paying attention to your lines?” He looked up to find Harry looking at him as if he were an idiot. “Sorry.” Harry rolled his eyes. “Stop being sorry and start doing your job.” So Ben did. He spent the next few hours rehearsing with his co-star, who was a tiny girl named Denna. She was a good actress and despite her size, she commanded the stage. Ben could see why they hired her. Throughout those few hours, Hux had repeatedly left to run errands for everyone. Ben felt sorry for him. Hux had been smart when they talked, he definitely had the potential to be more than everyone’s personal assistant. He deserved more than people taking advantage of him and sending him on ridiculous errands. Ben winced at himself for thinking of the man. He knew he shouldn’t. “That’s it. I see this is all we’re going to get done for now, so go take your lunch. Be back in two hours.” Harry said and stormed out of the room. Ben could already tell that his boss wasn’t going to be the easiest man to work with. Ben was about to grab his coat, when he felt someone tap his back. He turned around to see Hux. “As it turns out, I’m let out for lunch as well.” “They’re not making you eat lunch here in case they need you?” Ben asked. Hux rolled his eyes. “I’m not their slave. I can come and go as I please.” “Right, sorry.” He apologized. Ben didn’t really understand what was going on. This man spent the morning ignoring him and now he was…. Well, he didn’t know what Hux was doing. “So, lunch. I was wondering if you wanted to get lunch.” Hux said, then his eyes widened. “We’d invite Phas, of course. It’s no- “Don’t worry about it.” Ben said. He had to find a way to turn down the invitation, anyway. There was no way he could allow himself to be close to Hux… not after last night. “Well, I just don’t really fancy the idea of being alone or being with Harry for the next two hours.” Hux said. “And I already know you.” Before Ben could stop himself, he agreed to lunch. “I’ll call Phas. Do you have a car?” “I do… I’ll be outside waiting, then.” Hux said and walked off. Ben looked at him, then pulled out his phone and called Phas. “Hello?” “Hey! Are you still at work?” Ben asked. “Yeah, it’s been a long day. Why?” Phas asked. “Well, I was going to ask if you wanted to have lunch with me.” Ben conveniently avoided adding that Hux would be going along. “Oh Ben, I would, but honestly I think they’re ordering in lunch. That’s how busy it is.” Phas said. “Maybe next time?” “Yeah… okay, next time is fine.” “Great, I’ve got to go.” She said and hung up. Ben sighed. He was now stuck going to lunch with Hux… alone. He walked out of the building to find Hux waiting for him. “Phas is out. She’s busy.” Hux seemed to think about something. “That’s fine. Maybe we can all get together sometime else.” “So does this mean our lunch is off?” Ben asked. “No, that would just be pointless.” Hux said. “We're both going to eat, and like I said before; I’d rather not eat alone.” “Okay then…” Ben followed Hux to his car. It was an awkward ride to the restaurant. Ben kept thinking about what he had done last night, what he had pictured Hux doing to him. He looked over at the man next to him and watched the way he bit his lip. He was concentrating at the road. “I can feel you staring at me.” “Sorry.” Ben said and looked forward. “It was just quiet.” “We can put on some music… or we can talk.” Hux said. “What would we talk about?” Hux thought for a moment. “Who were you talking to at the audition?” “At the- Oh, my mom. She calls at the worst times.” Ben said. “Is your mom in America?” “Yeah, she’s got a very important job there so she really doesn’t leave much unless it’s for work.” Ben fiddled with his jacket zipper. “Your mom?” “Oh… my mum died when I was fifteen. I was raised by my father mainly.” “I’m sorry.” Ben said. “Don’t be. My mother was sick most of the time, plus my father wasn’t as complete of a bastard as he could have been.” Hux shrugged. “What does that mean?” “My father was a military man who also went to law school. He always pushed that on me, but it could have been worse. I’ve seen him at work. He was relatively easy on me.” Ben looked at him. “What?” “So, how does he feel about you working as an assistant?” He asked. Hux smiled slightly. “He doesn’t know. I’m supposed to be working in a law office, but I didn’t quite feel like working there right now. Harry offered me this job.” “How do you know Harry?” Ben asked. “Wait, I think it’s my turn to ask a question.” Ben smiled. “Yeah, okay. Hit me with your best.” “You’re from America, so what made you want to come here?” “I was in school with Phas and we decided to just come here.” Ben said. “Just like that?” Hux asked. “You didn’t second guess yourself? London is a long way from America.” “Did you second guess yourself when you decided to work for Harry instead of a law office?” “Fair enough, but I can always go back to work at the law office.” Hux said. “I can always go back to America.” Ben smiled. “Not that I’d want to. Is it my turn to ask a question?” “Sure.” “Did you go to military school?” Ben noticed Hux’s hands tighten around the steering wheel. “You don’t have to answer that.” “It’s… fine. I did, it was horrible. I preferred law school.” Hux said. “I almost went to a military academy. It would have made my parents proud, I think. I didn’t because I was in a small accident and broke my arm.” Ben admitted. He rarely talked about it, really. Hux frowned. “That’s unfortunate, but if it’s any consolation, the kids there are nasty.” “Kids are nasty in high school, too.” “I was glad to get out. Law school was easier. Being a dick wasn’t tolerated, but I suppose that has never stopped anyone.” Hux said. “I did well there. A lot better than military academy.” “Were you made fun of?” “In the academy, sure. I was skinny and tall. They thought of me as a joke, which was fine. I didn’t really care for what they had to say. I stayed top of my class regardless.” Hux said with a smug smile playing at his lips. “You’re proud of that, I see.” “I am. My education will always be something I’m proud of.” Ben thought about his own education. He was always a decent student. He was definitely smart enough to get into the schools he applied to, but it never was something he prided himself on. Beside, he much preferred being a great actor. Still, he could understand why Hux took pride in his brain. “That’s good.” “And you?” He asked. “Me, what?” Ben replied. “What are you proud of?” “My acting… being a good person. Or rather, trying to.” He said and looked outside the window. He didn’t know how long they had been driving but he hoped they were close to the restaurant. “You’re a great actor.” Hux said. Ben thought that he might actually blush. “I don’t know about being a good person, though. You did avoid me all day.” “Oh… you noticed that.” Ben said. “I didn’t mean to.” “I’m joking.” Hux said. “I was kind of avoiding you, too.” Ben pretended he didn’t notice. “You were?” “Yes. Well, I mean yesterday I made a fool of myself. I don’t particularly enjoy being that way.” Hux muttered. “So, why did you invite me out?” Hux’s hands were turning red, but Ben pretended he didn’t notice that either. “I invited you and Phas out, actually.” “Okay, why did you invite me and Phas out?” “Because I felt like an idiot after last night and even more so when I realized I’d been avoiding you… so it was an attempt at amends.” Hux said. Ben looked out of the window. “Well, I’m glad you did.” Ben said, though he wasn’t sure if that was the truth. Hux pulled into a restaurant Ben had never heard of. It looked pleasant, though. “Don’t worry, the food here is great.” Ben didn’t say anything. He knew the thought shouldn’t have come into his head, but he felt like it was a date. He knew it wasn’t. Hux was straight and Ben probably didn’t have a chance with the man, regardless, but fuck. It felt so much like a date that he wanted to make an excuse to go back. Yet, he didn’t. “I’m sure I’ll like it.” They got out of the car and walked into the restaurant. The place looked significantly less classy than it did on the outside. It made Ben feel a tiny bit better. A waitress sat them down at a booth. “I’ll leave these with you and be right back so you two can order.” When she was gone, Ben opened up the menu. “What do you recommend?” “I’d go for the steak, it’s not half bad. If you’d rather have something light, then the soups are really great.” Hux said. “I might have the chicken parmesan, though.” Ben looked down at his menu. “I think I’ll go for the steak, then.” When they finished ordering and they got their drinks, Hux looked up at Ben. “So, do you miss anything about America?” “My family, sometimes. Maybe even the way things are easier for me to understand like the money system and how driving works. I mean, there’s more, it just wasn’t located in my small town.” Ben said. “Where did you live?” “A small town in New Hampshire. My parents moved there to get far away from Los Angeles. I guess they succeeded because Portsmouth is the complete opposite of LA.” Ben had loved Los Angeles, had wanted to live there for the rest of his life at one point, but his parents hated it. His mother, who wanted to get far away from that life style had moved them away. “New Hampshire is close to New York City, is it not?” Hux asked. “It’s about five hours away by car if you’re lucky.” “I went to New York once, when I was younger. My mother took me because she thought everyone needed to see a city like New York.” Hux drank a bit of his water. “It was nice, or at least that’s how I remember it.” “Yeah, I guess New York was nice. I went to school there before I dropped out. That’s how I met Phas.” Ben said, glad to be able to bring the subject to something safe. “Phas is great. You’re lucky.” Hux said. “Yeah, I suppose I am.” Ben nodded. He didn’t feel that lucky, though. At least not at this particular moment. He had tried to keep the thought down, but it kept popping up. This felt like a date and if it had been a date, it would have been one of the better ones Ben has been on. They got along. They were able to keep up their conversation without either one of them becoming bored. Ben found that he actually wanted to know more about Hux. Which was a bad thing. A very very bad thing. HUX Hux had been trying to figure Ben out. He was nice enough, he could admit, though at times he seemed to retreat back into his own head. Honestly, Hux wondered what he was thinking about. “So, have you and Phas ever…” Ben’s eyes grew wide. “God, no.” “God no?” Hux felt his fingers tightening around his glass. “Why ‘God no?’” “Because Phas isn’t attracted to me and I’m not attracted to women.” Ben said, his face heating up. Hux felt like an absolute idiot. “Oh… I didn’t know.” His throat all of a sudden felt dry so he took a drink of water. He didn’t stop drinking till it was almost half gone. “I never said.” Ben said and looked down at his hands, which were fiddling with his jacket zipper. Hux had noticed him do that before. It must have been a nervous tick. “When do you think our food will be coming?” “In a bit, we only just ordered.” Hux said. Ben looked up, but avoided Hux’s gaze. “What’s wrong?” Ben looked directly at him this time, startled. “Nothing’s wrong.” Hux didn’t believe him. He thought about anything he said that could have upset Ben, but… No. God, he had forgotten about last night… How could he have forgotten about last night. “If this is about how I acted yesterday… I am sorry.” Ben looked even more startled. “Yesterday? What? No, nothing’s wrong.” Still, Hux rambled on. “Well, I got offended when you assumed I was gay.” “I didn’t assume you were gay and I know why you were offended.” Ben said. “Look, it’s really nothing you said or did last night. I promise.” “I’m not homophobic.” Hux said. Ben looked about ready to jump out of his seat. “I never said you were. I don’t think you are.” “You don’t?” Hux asked. “Because I don’t want you to feel uncomfortable around me because you think I’m like that…” Ben reached out and put his hand on top of Hux’s. “I don’t think of you like that.” Hux stilled and looked down at their hands. Ben quickly pulled his away. He tried to find any words to say in reply but only managed one. “Okay…” Thankfully, the waitress came and served them their meals before Hux could think any further. He definitely didn’t want to know why he felt his skin tingle where Ben had touched him. The rest of the meal was quiet, with each of them speaking randomly about how good the meal was. “I’m sorry, I’ve ruined things.” Ben said suddenly. “I knew I would.” Hux looked up. “What are you talking about?” “I shouldn’t have touched you.” Hux glanced down at his hand then back up at Ben. “I think it’s alright.” Ben looked down. Hux half expected for him to drop his fork to start fiddling with his jacket zipper again, but he just sat there. “I’m not attracted to you if that’s what you’re worried about.” Hux’s eyes widened. “I wasn’t.” Except he couldn’t help but feel slightly offended. Hux felt he was good looking enough and though he might not be gay, he didn’t feel like hearing how unattractive he was to anyone. Ben groaned. “Maybe I should shut up.” Hux didn’t say anything. He might have agreed if he had. This was a bad idea, he thought, but at least he could tell Phas that he tried to get along with Ben. “Let me pay for the meal.” Ben said after a couple minutes of silence. “I can afford my own meal.” Hux said. Ben grimaced. “I know you can, but I want to pay for it.” “I’m the one who invited you, shouldn’t I be the one paying?” Hux looked at the man across from him. He was playing with the damn zipper again. “Do you want pay?” “What if I do?” Hux asked back. “And will you stop that?” “Stop what?” Ben looked up, but his hands still played with the stupid zipper. “The zipper. You’re fidgeting. That’s something guilty people do.” Hux had experienced a lot of people with nervous ticks. He suddenly felt bad, he didn’t mean to be rude and call him out about it. “Fuck, sorry. Don’t stop.” Ben did stop, though. His fingers were clutching the zipper tightly. “Why would I be guilty?” “I didn’t mean you were guilty… I just… As a lawyer, it’s something I noticed.” Hux said quickly. “Can you just pay so we can leave?” Hux nodded and went to the front to pay for the meal. When he came back, Ben was already outside the restaurant, waiting by Hux’s car. He felt like total crap. He didn’t mean to actually upset Ben. The ride back was silent, Ben’s attention stayed focused outside. Hux stopped himself from saying anything, in case he said something completely stupid and rude again. When they got to the theatre, Ben got out of the car and slammed the door. Hux decided not to scold him for that. “Thank you for lunch.” Ben barely looked at him before walking away. Hux could only stare after him. BEN He locked himself in his room the moment he got home. He didn’t even bother to say hi to Phas. Fuck, he felt like complete and utter shit. He didn’t mean for any of what happened with Hux to actually happen. He couldn’t believe that he actually called him unattractive, but what else could he say? Oh, hey, last night I jerked myself off to the image of you sucking my dick? Ben laughed bitterly. This was exactly what Phas had warned him about. And even worse was the fact that Hux knew Ben was guilty of something. It would only be a matter of time before he figured out what it was. He also couldn’t wait until Hux told Phas what happened and she came in with her judge-y eyes and told him that it was all a bad idea. She’d wonder why he kept their dinner a secret, too. Ben knew it’d all look bad on him. It was his fault, anyway. Hux had only been trying to be friendly to him and he’d not only insulted him, but also made him feel like he was the guilty one. He hadn’t noticed the tears pooling in his eyes until one fell. When was the last time Ben had cried? He couldn’t even remember. Phas knocked on his door. “Ben?” He wiped his tears away and tried to compose himself. “What?” “Are you alright?” She shouted from the other side of the door. Ben got up from his bed and opened the door to see her concerned face. “Ben… what happened?” Ben let out a morbid laugh. “I’m in trouble again, Phas.” Notes: Sorry for taking so long! So many things going on! I really hope you like this chapter and I HOPE to post the next one soon! Please review/leave kudos, it makes me so happy to see y'all liking what I write. Also, just so you understand Ben, he does tend to be more passionate and that leads him to falling for people pretty quickly and that includes people that he shouldn't fall for. Phas is like his adoptive older sister. She looks out for him, always. That's the dynamic. Chapter 5 : It Happened In Two Bedrooms Notes: (cw: description of a hate crime, same as the one from ben's first chapter) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) HUX His phone had been ringing all day for the past three days. Phas had been trying to call him and he knew why. He’d pissed off Ben and he’d quit the job Harry had given him. Part of him wanted to pretend that he hadn’t been avoiding Phas and Ben because of that horrific lunch. He had gone back to the busy life of lawyering and didn’t have time to chat up with Phas, but he knew it wasn’t true. He had been avoiding talking about Ben. For the past three days all he could think of was the horrible mistake he made in inviting Ben out. He tried to find a real, legitimate reason as to why he even offered in the first place, but he came up empty. Hux really didn’t care if he got on with Phas’ roommate if he were being honest with himself. There was just something about Kylo Ren or Ben Solo, whatever the man chose to call himself, that affected Hux since the first time he saw him. Hux let out a frustrated breath. The phone had started ringing again. He ignored it again. Instead, he loosened the tie around his neck and threw it to the floor. He’d have to clean it later. “Someone is here to see you and since she looks like she could kill me, I’m going to let her in.” Harry said suddenly from the outside of Hux’s door before opening it. Phas stood behind him. Harry walked off. “You didn’t have to come.” “You’ve been ignoring my calls for three days. I had to come.” She said. “What the fuck, Hux?” “I wasn’t avoiding your calls.” Hux waved his hand. “I started up my job at the law office again.” “You stopped working for Harry? Ben didn’t tell me that.” Phas frowned. “What has Ben told you about me?” Despite avoiding the conversation with Phas about Ben, he did want to know what the man was saying about him. “I won’t betray his trust like that.” Hux scoffed. “Why are you really here, Phas?” “Look, he’s my friend, a really good friend, Hux. I care about him and I just want to know what the hell has been happening.” “Lovely. Nothing happened.” Hux lied. “We had a lunch together and it was awful. We don’t get along.” “I know you had a lunch together, but something must have happened. I know what Ben’s said, and no I won’t be telling you, but I want to know from your mouth what happened.” “I don’t want to talk about anything that happened during that time.” Hux said flatly. “Did he say something to you?” “Other than that I was unattractive? Nope.” Hux internally winced. He hadn’t meant to tell her that. “He mentioned something along those lines.” Phas admitted. “Fantastic, now he’s gone and told you, too.” “All I’m going to say about that, is that he said it because he didn’t want you to freak out. He’d just told you he was gay and you were freaking out, weren’t you?” He hated the way she said that. “I didn’t freak out because he’s gay.” Hux said. “I freaked out because I didn’t want him to think I was homophobic.” “For fuck’s sake Hux.” Phas muttered. “Seriously?” “What?” “You didn’t want him to think you were homophobic? Really? That’s your reaction when someone tells you they’re gay?” She shook her head. “What did he say?” “Did he not tell you that?” Hux wished he would have shut his mouth, but now that he’s spilled a little, Phas would pull the rest. He was better off just volunteering it. “Not that, no.” Hux sighed. “I started thinking about how I acted the night before at the pub. I just… I thought maybe- “You thought he might’ve taken that the wrong way.” Phas finished for him. “ Yes .” “That’s silly, Hux.” She shook her head again. “Ridiculous.” “I know that… but, that’s not all that happened.” He took a deep breath. “He put his hand on mine… and I just froze. I didn’t know what to do.” “Why’d he do that?” She asked. “Because I was ‘freaking out,’ I guess.” Hux rubbed his face and groaned. “And when did he call you unattractive, specifically?” “After all of that.” He said. “I… It felt like crap. I don’t know why it did, but it did.” Phas looked at him for a few seconds. “Of course.” “What?” “Nothing. I just understand that it doesn’t feel good, but he didn’t mean it to upset you and he is sorry.” She said. “He didn’t seem sorry.” Hux was aware that he sounded petty. He just didn’t care to stop himself. “Yes, well, I’m sure that’s not how the lunch ended.” Her eyebrow rose. “Is it?” Hux glared at her, but eventually relented. “No.” “Then tell me.” “Okay, mum.” Hux muttered. Phas only rolled her eyes. “I got angry with him. I was annoyed and he wouldn’t stop his fidgeting and I called him out on it.” “Look, I don’t exactly understand why you two went to lunch in the first place, but it happened. I know that Ben is feeling like shit and on top of that, he feels like he ran you away from the job.” She crossed her arms. “I’m only telling you this because it’s not okay for you to do this to him.” “ To him? ” He practically yelled, then took a deep breath. “I’m not doing anything to him . I’m staying away from a person who I don’t get along with, which is better for the both of us.” “Hux, lis- “And furthermore, I don’t exactly appreciate you coming here and talking to me like I’m the one who hurt Ben. I apologized for making the comment about his nervous tick. I paid for lunch, we went back and separated. What he went and told you must not have been how things went.” He felt his face heat up and his hands had started to shake. Hux tried to will himself to calm down. “You can tell him that I’m sorry for the way things happened, but that I’d rather not seek out a friendship. Also, tell him that I didn’t leave that job because of him. He’s not that important in my life.” “Who the fuck are you?” Phas asked, her eyes bore holes through Hux. “I always knew you were kind of a dick to people or at least oblivious to the things you did, but I never really saw until now. Is this how you treated Erin, too? Cold indifference? Get a fucking clue, Hux. You should be better than this.” Hux stood frozen in his spot. He’d never actually considered the fact that Phas would turn on him. “Phas…” “No, stop. I actually don’t care to hear anymore shit come out of your mouth. Not now, at least.” She turned toward the door, then thought differently and turned back to Hux. “I love you, Hux. I do. You’re one of my closest friends and always will be, but you need to get yourself sorted.” Then she left and Hux was only left with the need to punch something. Or have someone punch him. BEN Phas had left and he was alone. He was only vaguely aware of what she had left to do, but he didn’t really care to know. He just wanted her back. His rehearsals for the past few days had been a mess and it only made everyone around him angry. Phas was the only one who had the patience to deal with him, so he clung to her. Then there was Hux, who had quit his job as an assistant and avoided all the calls Phas tried to make on Ben’s behalf. Ben had never felt so stupid. Back in New York, he had made the mistake of being openly attracted to one of his classmates. He would smile and flirt and Ben supposed the man didn’t catch on because he smiled back and was always polite. Ben just didn’t know that that’s all it was. The lunches, the dinners, the studying, the meeting up with their friends, and anything else they did was completely platonic and Ben should have caught that. Had he known that the man was straight or even that he harbored a secret hatred for who Ben was, he’d have stayed far away. But Ben didn’t stay far away. He kept becoming closer and developing feelings and hoping that this man would feel the same way, so when he finally gathered up all the courage he had, he kissed the man. The man didn’t kiss back. He pushed him away and then punched him in the face. Ben had a black eye and a sickening feeling that someone would come and attack him again. That he wouldn’t be safe for a very long time. And Ben blamed himself, because he was the one who assumed and started it. So, he made up an excuse and convinced Phas to take him to London with her. And now it was happening again with Hux. Sure, Ben knew that Hux wasn’t going to hit him because he was homophobic. Hux had made it clear that he was far from it, but Ben also knew that he needed to have stayed away. Because he couldn’t afford to be around someone who could smile and make Ben feel giddy inside and he couldn’t talk to someone who could laugh and knock the breath out from his lungs. He couldn’t. Because then he’d just fall even deeper for Hux and Hux would say something worse than Ben could ever think of and destroy his life. Or Ben would say something to Hux that would offend him so deeply that Hux would hit him. Hux with the nice hair, the bright eyes, the beautiful smile and millions of freckles that haunted Ben’s dreams now. Hux with the ridiculous name, that got angry too quickly and then apologized a thousand times. Hux, who isn’t gay or homophobic and is coming out of a six-year relationship with the world’s most obnoxious woman who speaks about him behind his back. Ben wanted to cry. Hux was a man who could so easily ruin him and send him running back to America and instead, paid for his meal, drove him back to work and removed himself from the situation. When he first told Phas, she only sighed and hugged him. Then when she heard about the lunch, she was angry. Not at Ben, which he didn’t understand. She should have been angry at him. No, not at him, but at Hux. Hux, who probably had gotten the shorter end of the stick in this whole ordeal. Ben should have done a better job at explaining the situation. He should have made sure to let Phas know that this didn’t have anything to do with Hux, but part of him knew that was a lost cause. She only wanted to protect him, prevent a situation from happening again. But she didn’t understand that there was no way of preventing the situation without pointing the full blame on Ben. His phone rang, which pulled him out of his thoughts. He picked it up and swiped to answer without looking at who was calling. “Hello?” “Ben, I’m on my way home. Get ready.” Phas ordered. Ben got up from his spot on the floor. “What’s going on?” It was safe to say that he was confused. “Just get dressed.” And the phone hung up. Ben got dressed. When Phas got home, she stormed into his room. “Good you’re dressed decently. Come on.” “Where are we going?” “Out.” She replied. “I need a drink and you need to get laid.” Ben stopped where he was. “I don’t need to get laid.” “Fine, suit yourself, but I need a designated driver and you’re it. Let’s go.” Phas threw him her keys. “I’m so done with being sober.” Ben didn’t think he’d seen Phas like this since New York and knew why. It all came back to him. Always. Instead of saying anything he followed her out of the apartment and locked up. “Where were you?” He asked as they walked to the car, though he was sure he knew the answer. “At Hux’s.” She rolled her eyes. “I love the man like a brother, but sometimes I wish I could shake him. He’s so fucking oblivious to every stupid thing he does.” “What did he do?” Ben asked. “What did he say?” “Ben, you know I won’t tell you, but trust me when I say it’s better to just forget the little prick for now.” She muttered. “He said something about me, didn’t he?” “I don’t know where you’re getting that information from.” Phas said. “Because this is how you act when you try to protect me from the world. What did he say?” Ben asked. “I didn’t tell him what you told me, I can’t just turn my back and tell you what he said.” “Phas, tell me.” Ben said sternly and maybe it was because she knew he wouldn’t back down or let her go drink until she told him, but she did. “He said that he didn’t quit the job because of you.” She was holding something from him. “ Phas .” “Fine, fine . He doesn’t want to be friends with you and you’re not important in his life.” She rushed out. Ben relaxed. It was far from what he thought she was going to say. “That’s his right to think.” “But Ben, he’s just rude.” Phas muttered. “And you never did anything truly horrifying for him to act like this. To make you feel like this.” “He didn’t do anything to make me feel like this. It’s my fault.” Phas looked at him. “Ben, I’m just… it’s hard for me to be in this position because I care about you both.” Ben hugged her close. “I know.” “I was harsh on him, wasn’t I?” “Yeah, you were, but it’s okay. I appreciate it.” Ben smiled. “You can apologize to him tomorrow.” “Alright.” She said and pulled away. “I guess it’s easy to assume everyone shares the same experiences as us. I… fucked up a lot in New York and I just feel hopeless because I can’t do anything to stop it.” Ben shrugged. “I don’t blame Hux for having a pretty face. I blame myself for being attracted to it.” “ God .” Ben laughed and it felt good to feel happy. “But it’s alright because things will go back to the way things were before I met him.” “Will you be able to do that?” Phas asked. “Yeah, I think so.” Ben grinned. “It’s not really like I’ve got a choice in the matter.” “ Ben .” “Don’t worry about me. Soon Hux will be another drinking story to tell another straight guy I have a crush on.” He said and despite it being a joke, Ben was scared that it’d actually come true. “Let’s go get you those drinks.” Notes: I am sorry, this is mainly a filler chapter or at least it felt like it and I just wanted to give you something before I start classes again. Ben admitted something we all knew and well, Hux is being Hux. Phas is being a MOM FRIEND. I just love them all. I hope to have another chapter out before Monday! Thank you all for the comments and kudos. I love writing for you and knowing you enjoy it.