Kylo had spent the last three hours sitting in front of his computer, with it open on a word document while actually playing a game on his phone. The most productive he had been all day after getting out of bed around 3 in the afternoon. It was a rare day off and he was already hating himself for wasting his day doing nothing, yet he couldn’t bring himself to move out of his chair. He looked up to the blank document, the paper wasn’t going to write itself but it wasn’t due for another week yet and he had time. It was easy enough, he should probably just do it now that way he didn’t have to worry about it. Making a final decision, he turned off his computer and pocketed his phone, he was hungry. The house was quiet and dark as he fumbled upstairs to the kitchen in search of food. He stopped in front of the refrigerator, debating his choices of sauces because apparently that was all they had. A walk to the nearest late night burger joint it would have to be, unless he wanted to make a racket that would surely wake up his grandfather. Kylo had been living with his grandfather the moment he turned 16 and gotten his emancipation papers through. Slipping out the side door, Kylo began the short trek to the late night bar and grill First Order about half a mile from his grandfather’s house. It wouldn’t be too full considering it was a Tuesday evening and on the cusp of summer. Most people would either be out enjoying the weather or grilling, making First Order mainly empty with a couple of regulars hanging around. Kylo slid his regular booth tucked around the back and waited for one of the troopers to come and grab his order. First Order had originally been Empire Bar back in the days, his grandfather had told him, but once old man Palpatine had gone and bit the bullet no one had wanted to step up to buy the place. So it had sat vacant for some odd years before some kid from the west coast had went and bought the bar and turned it into a grill also. Updating the bar and breathing life back into it before finally renaming it as the First Order. However there were still relics of when it was still Empire Bar, the white uniforms of the waiter that took Kylo’s order for example was one of them. Still the same uniform from the original bar, yet oddly it worked with the rest of the restaurant as a whole. Kylo began scratching out a drawing on the edge of one of the napkins with a pen in his hoodie while he waited. He should had thought to grab his sketch book, but his stomach had decided that food was more important. Regardless the napkin would serve its purpose until he got home, but for now he began the process of patterning his next project. Maybe this time he wouldn’t short himself a half a foot like he did because he didn’t check his numbers. A plate was set down in front of him, and when the trooper that had brought it out did not go away, Kylo looked up to see what they wanted. Unlike the other troopers that were generally male, oddly sexist Kylo had thought, this one was defiantly of the female variety. “So…anything else I can get for you sir?” asked the tall imposing trooper that stood beside his table. “No.” “Are you sure, more water, ketchup, maybe a date if you’re not seeing anyone?” Kylo was glad that he did not currently have anything in his mouth, because he certainly would have choked. “What! No.” “As in no you are not seeing anyone or as in no you don’t want anything else?” “Both and I don’t need a date,” Kylo enunciated hoping she would leave him to his food. Instead she took that as a cue to slide across from him into the opposite booth, “Are you sure, you look kind of lonely?” He glared at her, he didn’t need her pity, just like he hadn’t needed Uncle Luke’s or Uncle Chewie’s. “I didn’t think employees were allowed proposition their customers.” “Good think I don’t work here then,” the lady replied. “Regardless, I never said the date was with me, I was asking for someone else.” Kylo turned to see who she was pointing to, the red hair man behind the bar currently working on making someone’s order. “You see, gingerbread over there has had his eye on you for the last few months and as I friend I have decided that instead of watching him debate whether or not to even talk to you I would just ask you for him,” she explained. “Oh.” They sat there watching the man, Kylo cataloguing the way his dark crisp shirt clung to him, sleeves rolled up to his elbows. He was not a short man by any standards, but defiantly shorter then Kylo, but he moved with a sense of purpose and direction. The darkness of his shirt and the lighting behind the bar made his skin even more incandescent and a dusting of freckles across his face prominent even from across the restaurant. “Well, should I tell him you said yes?” Kylo turned around to face the blonde, debating his choices. This could be just an elaborate joke, at his expense, which meant he would have to find a new late night place to eat at, or she could be telling the truth. Didn’t his grandfather tell him to trust his gut more often, something about just letting the force show you what to do? Whatever the reason, it would be some entertainment at least from the dullness of his current life. “I suppose I’m free next Tuesday.” “Wonderful, you mind if I grab your number for him then. Oh and by the way, I’m Phasma,” she introduced herself and reaching a hand across the table for him to shake. “..um, I’m Kylo…” With their exchange in handshakes, she stared expectantly at him, before Kylo caved and wrote his number down on the napkin he was doodling on. She thanked him and moved out from the booth towards the man behind the bar. Kylo watched their interaction before the man turned to look him in the eye and Kylo glanced down at his burger. Maybe he should just get a box and take it home. --- When Phasma walked over and handed him a napkin with a string of numbers and what looked like chicken scratch Hux had almost thrown it away. That was until she said it was tall dark and broody’s number. He had turned to the booth he knew Kylo was sitting at and caught him quickly turning away. “What did you do?” “I just asked if he wanted a date and he said yes. It wasn’t like I held a gun to his head and made him give me his number.” “Phasma, for the last time I don’t need your help.” “Oh really, who helped you move all the way from Coruscant to this little town?” Hux turned away from her, to finish another drink order for AT 2589. He didn’t have an answer for her, because she was right. After years of building his life’s work, a successful bakery line and stores across the west coast, his partner and fiancé at the time had doubled crossed him the worst way possible. Hux had lost everything and his good name in the food industry was destroyed. After his breakdown and year in the hospital, Phasma had been there for him the entire time. Even going so far as to co-sign and fund this restaurant of his for him when he couldn’t get the loan to purchase it outright. “I didn’t mean it like that Phasma, I said he was cute that was all.” “Hux, I know what Snoke did to you was horrible, but you can’t let that define relationships for you. Plus it’s only one date, if you don’t like him, you never have to interact with him again,” she pleaded. “One date, that’s all I will agree to.” Hux relented, taking out his phone to input the number. She smiled, and hugged him before Hux brushed her off to finish more drinks for people at the bar. Hux tried not to think about having Kylo’s number in his phone. When Hux first noticed Kylo, it had been a slow night and he had sent most of the troopers home. Hux had went and cleaned off the table after Kylo had left to find a few of the napkins had drawings on them. A profile of FN 2187, sketched out on a flimsy napkin, along with the bar on another. Hux had cleared off much of the table when he noticed that last one, it was of him hunched over the counter doing the numbers for the night. After that, every time Kylo came in Hux would follow him through the restaurant. He would find his eyes always going back to Kylo eventually and Phasma had caught him looking one night. Hux had begrudgingly admitted that he found Kylo pleasant on the eyes much to her glee. It was what brought him to his current situation as he glared down at his phone after closing up the restaurant and returning home. Hux sent a short message, plugged his phone in and promptly ignored as he got ready for bed.