Thunder resonated throughout the night sky, its harsh and unforgiving sound waking Rey. Her heart thumped wildly against her chest. Rey was not all that unfamiliar with storms: the granular dust storms had been a constant presence throughout her childhood on Jakku, and the saturated climate of Anch-To teemed with diurnal rain showers. Thunderstorms, however, were another matter. The force shook Rey to her core just as it shook the foundations of the Resistance base—it often felt as though the sky should split in half and unleash a torrent of destructive entities to end her existence. What a fool . Rey knew she was being childish. Thunder wasn’t something that could physically hurt her…and yet, she couldn't rid herself of the fear it caused her. The sky roared once more, and Rey shuddered. How could anyone be accustomed to this? Her arrival on D’Qar had coincided with the start of summer, when thunderstorms were a common presence in the afternoon and evening hours. Not once had she seen the base’s residents jump in fright at the sound, never so much as seen an individual bat an eye when the sky announced its reckoning. In the interim, her experience with the force left her coerced and restless, often causing her to retreat to the privacy of her bunk to avoid seeming cowardly in front of the persons who had come to revere her. What hope could she bring them in their fight against the First Order if a simple thunderstorm threatened to unman her? A knock sounded at the door. “W-who’s there?” she faltered, the fear seeping into her voice. “It’s me, Finn.” Rey sat up, her hands flying towards the control panel at her bedside. The aluminum doors slid open to reveal a darkened figure on its threshold. “Finn,” she murmured. “What are you doing here?” The incandescent lights from the corridor illuminated his concerned expression. “I came to check on you,” Finn responded. He made his way across the room and lowered himself on the bed besides her. “Why?” “Because I know how scared you get when it storms, and I just wanted to see if— ow !” Finn yelped in surprise as Rey’s fist collided against his shoulder. “I do not get scared, Finn!” she protested. “Why would you say such a thing?” “Jeez, Rey! My arm!” Finn winced. “What…what have they been feeding you on Anch-To? I think you broke something!” Rey smiled in spite of her—he was very good at making her do that. “Spare me the dramatics, Finn.” she said. “I did not hit you that hard. You’ve been hanging around Poe too much; he’s been—” The ensuing clap of thunder rattled the base’s foundations, and Rey dove beneath the covers. “Okay,” she murmured. “Perhaps I do become a little agitated…” She heard him sigh. “Rey, look,” Finn began. “I know that you hide from the others whenever it storms. Yeah, that’s right, I’ve noticed…and I totally get why you do it. You don’t want them to see how scared you become—I mean, how can they expect to follow a Jedi knight into battle when she’s afraid of thunder? But Rey, c’mon . I’m your best friend, and we’ve been through a lot together. You don’t have to pretend to be brave around me.” Rey hesitated. “I know, but it’s just so… silly .” she said at last. “It’s incredibly childish of me to be scared of thunder. I can guarantee you that Luke Skywalker isn’t.” Finn pulled the covers from her face. “Well, you’re not Luke Skywalker; you’re Rey .” he said, softly. “And it’s not childish to be scared of things, no matter how big or small they are. Being scared is a part of being human.” “And what makes you human?” Finn grabbed a hold of her by the shoulders and propped her up against the pillows. “Oh well…lots of things.” he mused. “For starters, I’m scared of a certain masked freak finding us and killing us…and I’m scared that Jess will someday act on her word and start having BB-8 shock me for her own twisted amusement.” “Well then…I guess that makes you extra human.” “And I’m totally okay with that!” he paused. “Listen, why don’t I stay with you until the storm passes? I found some old films we can watch together on the com.” Rey smiled. “I’d like that very much.” Thunder resonated throughout the air as Finn settled in beside her, but Rey took comfort in his presence and did not cower. He was right—maybe she didn’t have to pretend to be brave around him. Maybe the façade of being a great Jedi knight was best donned when she was around those who adjudicated her out of hope for a better future. And maybe the showcase of her true self was better suited when she was in the presence of those who genuinely cared for her and would not judge her out of contest. Being scared is a part of being human. Rey supposed that there were far worse things to be. “ Wait, Finn — would Jessika really have BB-8 shock you ?”