A note from the publishers: The following document was found in a house the deeds of which were registered in the name of Basil Treeslark, and these papers likewise bore that man’s signature. Though individuals and events in the following narrative indisputably have some basis in the reality of what transpired in various locations in and around the state of Massachusetts in the summer of 1927, this work should nonetheless be understood primarily as the fictive ramblings of a diseased mind. Readers are advised to proceed with caution. This warning to the vulnerable is a result of two factors. The first is the degenerate nature of its characters and their actions towards one another, which are not such as should, or perhaps even can, be emulated. The second is the horrors described, which, in their hinting at a cosmic dimension beyond our own, in which dwells abominations and aberrations too phantasical too imagine and too terrible to contemplate, must surely pose a risk to the sanity of those of an artistic disposition who find themselves naturally more susceptible to the maddening properties of suggestive imagery. We would advise that this text serve primarily as a scientific insight into the mind of an hysteric and a degenerate, and as such should be kept away from the impressionable, that is, your wives, children, servants, and gentlemen of a sensitive disposition. “That is not dead which can eternal lie; And with strange aeons, even death may die.” - The Necronomicon, Abdul Alhazred I. The question of whether Dr Aleistor Hux was led inevitably to Arkham that grey and muggy summer is not one that may be resolved in these scant pages, for let it suffice to say that the two individuals whose intercourse features most prominently in this narrative would no doubt have had vastly differing opinions in any discourse on the subject. Certainly, however, it may be agreed that for a considerable period of his life it hardly seemed likely that the young Aleistor Hux would disembark from old Albion to the Americas, quite apart from any specific or suspect destinations therein. Dr Hux was born and raised in Oxford, England. Following an education at some of the country’s finest schools, he found himself a student of Classics at that city’s illustrious university. In this he followed in the footsteps of his father, although a friendly rivalry existed between the colleges at which Hux the younger was an undergraduate and Hux the elder the Dean, which was made much of by some of their more tedious acquaintances. While the official nature of his research was into the civilisations of our forefathers, concerned especially with archaeology and anthropology, Hux married this with a keen interest in the emerging discipline of psychoanalysis. Though he had in many letters to the British and American press written disparaging comments on the practices and so-called discoveries of the Viennese school, he did not lose faith in the merits of the study of the human mind, despite taking such ideas in a rather different direction than was conventional at the time. Hux’s concern was with the themes that may be found in the ramblings of madmen, and their commonalities across great distance and in many cultures. He was also intrigued by how these same preoccupations were manifest in evidence surviving from the earliest days of man, whether that be in the form of primitive artworks or ancient, oblique inscriptions. Hux had begun his singular research in England, but left hurriedly sometime after graduation to continue to work for his doctorate in the Americas. What was said officially on the matter, when anything was said at all, was that Hux’s research interests would be far better fulfilled in a country with residents originating from many cultures and spread over a far greater area than that which the meagre British Isles could contain. However, it would not take too much investigation to find alternative explanations amongst Oxonians more inclined to frivolous talk and rumour, who maintain that there was a scandal of some strain too delicate to be mentioned to those who had not walked the institution’s hallowed halls. What can be declared with certainty is that Hux was welcomed into Harvard University with open arms. All reasonable estimates supposed he might shortly have ascended to the rank of professor had not adverse circumstances prevented it, the only possible hindrance to his achieving such a position being his reputation as something of a ‘cold fish,’ a man forthcoming about neither his past, nor his plans for a future outside of his academic aspirations. Dr Hux was not a man who maintained close friendships, but of those confidantes he did possess, many hailed also from Great Britain. It was something of a joking truism among the faculty to assert that Hux gave his countrymen preferential treatment in that regard. Whether this was the case or no, it is certainly true that it not been for one of his English associates, Cap Phasma, Dr Hux might never have made his fateful visit to old, witch-haunted Arkham. Surely an American, and in particular a New Englander, would have exercised more caution in his recommending anyone venture to those accursed old cities on the outskirts of the civilised regions. Phasma was a handsome woman and uncommonly tall. She had achieved no small amount of success as a tennis ace, but maintained a less publicised passion as a translator and editor of the poets of Greek antiquity, which kept her in the vicinity of Harvard and its libraries for much of the off-season. Otherwise, she was kept busy as a champion of the women’s game, and a tour de force in mixed doubles, for she effortlessly outclassed opponents both male or female. Her relationship with Hux was a cordial one, and extended to regular games of tennis as well as irregular conversations concerning their work and what life they managed to enjoy outside of it. There had been some talk amongst their acquaintances in the first flowerings of their friendship that speculated that the two might wed. The whispers persisted, but more in the form of gentle urgings towards matrimony rather than furtive gossip. Most people who knew them even slightly didn’t understand why they hadn’t already married. They got along tolerably well, and were both attractive young people, and this was considered more basis than many couples had to enter into a legally binding union. Hux and Phasma both remained for the most part oblivious to the concerns of their acquaintances, and continued to meet on friendly terms without feeling any obligation to move towards courtship. It was one evening in the late days of May, as they walked back from the courts across the brown pulp of decaying cherry blossoms which carpeted the street, that Phasma spoke to Hux of Arkham. Hux knew, of course, of the city. He had had dealings in the past with the Miskatonic, but exclusively by letter, and had never visited. In fact, he seldom left his studies at his chosen university save to interview select lunatics whom he was assured would be of no small benefit to his research. Phasma, however, had an old friend who was married to a rich man in that locale, and therefore she had occasion to visit the city frequently, usually whenever the absence of the wealthy spouse was guaranteed. ‘There is a man in the Arkham Sanatorium that you really ought to meet,’ she told Hux, idly swinging her racket as they strolled through the darkening streets on a circuitous route to his rooms. ‘You know, Phasam, that I am not strictly interested in the opinions medical doctors have of my work,’ Hux reminded her. ‘They are not usually terribly encouraging.’ ‘This man isn’t a doctor,’ Phasma informed him, as they turned the corner to Hux’s street. ‘He’s a patient.’ ‘And why might he be of interest to me?’ asked Hux, dully. He was, in truth, tired of people recommending him madmen to interview. Generally their symptoms were far less intriguing than his informants led him to believe, and Hux trusted in his own methods of scouring newspaper reports and mapping out patterns temporal and geographical more than he was willing to credit the opinions of others as far as his research was concerned. Most of the insane, like most people, were self-absorbed, and their ramblings narcissistically focussed on their own experiences to the exclusion of the universal themes Hux was interested in. He wanted to see the old tales of gods and monsters manifest in contemporary Americans as he had seen them in the writings and carvings of men from ages past. Whether his subjects had previous, forgotten encounters with ancient artefacts, or whether they had accessed primal sense memories of an ancient pre-Christian culture he wasn’t yet sure, but he was stubborn and steadfast in his resistance to the meddlings of others, even those he might consider friends. ‘He knew things about people he should not have been able to know. That’s the most I can say for certain.’ Phasma’s words didn’t tell Hux much, but her expression betrayed a discomfort that ran deeper than what she was willing to say to him, he was sure of it. ‘Private details. Personal details.’ She ran a hand through her cropped blonde hair, pushing it back from her face. The style was the height of fashion at the time but for Phasma herself was worn more in the name of practicality than any concession to modishness. ‘Seems to be why researchers don’t go there so much these days. There are other things too. Other rumours.’ ‘If this man is so special,’ grumbled Hux, as they turned the corner onto the leafy street on which he resided, ‘Why have I never heard word of him before?’ Phasma shrugged uneasily. ‘As I said, no-one has been there in a while. Maybe those who did go were too afraid to record their findings. But the people of Arkham are certainly talking about him a great deal at present. He’ll be twenty-one before long, and they seem fearful that something dreadful might happen when he reaches his majority.’ Hux considered this. ‘How long has he been in the sanatorium?’ Phasma’s words implied a great while, but if the boy was not even twenty-one, surely it could not have been so vast a stretch of time. ‘About eight years,’ replied Phasma, with a slow, smug smile. ‘So you do intend to visit him?’ Hux frowned. He didn’t like it when Phasma bested him at anything other than tennis. In truth he had not quite yet adjusted to the probability he might never beat her at that game either, for he lived in hope of his eventual triumph. ‘I am certainly considering it,’ he told her, stowing his tennis racket under one arm as he went to unlock the door to his house. He paused before entering, realising there was something he really ought to have asking before. ‘What is the man’s name?’ he enquired of Phasma. ‘Who am I to ask for?’ The grin that spread across Phasma’s face reminded Hux of the illustration of the Cheshire Cat in his childhood copy of “Alice in Wonderland.” He had never liked that book. Far too fanciful, too far from reality. As a child he had wished Charles Dodgson had lived long enough for him to be able to tell him as much in person. Hux wished he had it in him not to follow up on this lead in Arkham, just to prove to Phasma his strength of will, but the details were too tantalising, and it was a particular weakness of his to be unable to resist indulging his intellectual curiosities. Although he would not have liked to admit as much, even to himself, it was in many ways already inevitable that he would end up in the sanatorium before the month was out. ‘Benjamin Solo,’ Phasma told him, as she turned away from to slope back down the street. ‘His name is Benjamin Solo.’ Chapter 2 Summary: In which Dr Hux visits Benjamin Solo Notes: Specific warning for this chapter: one instance of outdated language in reference to race. More specific details in the endnotes if you want to check before reading. Possibly relevant info: a public school and a private school in Great Britain are both schools for which fees are charged for students to attend. I don't know why it's still called a "public" school. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) II. Of the American cities Hux had experience of visiting, Arkham was the one most like, but also most unlike, his own Oxford. Like that dreaming, branchy borough, it seemed in some respects more town than city, and more countryside than sprawling metropolis. However, rather than extending outwards into well maintained fields and highways, as if it were set in England’s own garden, Arkham lay among the wild hills of Massachusetts, and when Hux saw it first from his car as the automobile crested a hill, he was struck by how it seemed not as if the settlement were expanding into the greenery, but rather than the town was being slowly consumed by the wilderness. This effect was less striking once Hux had reached street level, but still the sides of the valley hung on the horizon above the gabled roofs, giving him a lingering sense that he had not entirely reached civilisation. The buildings of the town were the most consistently ancient he had encountered since moving away from Great Britain. Though none could hope to rival the age of the buildings he had grown accustomed to in Oxford, they still were older than most structures this side of the Atlantic. He supposed this ought perhaps to make him feel at home, but where he had grown up among clean bright lines of sandstone that stood sedately in the rain and seemed to glow with promise in the sun, the architecture of Arkham was distinctly dingy and haphazard, and made one recall inclement weather even when, as when Hux arrived, it was a fine, bright day. He had booked an hotel of Phasma’s recommendation prior to travel, and was glad of having done so for the buildings in Arkham seemed so indistinct from one another that he would have had no small difficulty finding a place to say without directions to a pre-arranged location. The hotel itself was not particularly grand. This was less on account of any budgetary constraints and more due to a desire to stay out of the busier establishments, so that he would not be bothered by any pressure to socialise while focussing on his work. Phasma had actually encouraged him to make a holiday of his trip, and if Hux had been uncomfortable with the notion prior to his arrival, he was even more so now he had seen Arkham in person. Ordinarily he would have left his case with the concierge - a darkly handsome man with a smile Hux felt to be overly familiar in its lop-sided warmth – but he found he had little desire to see any more of the city, and so for something to occupy himself told the man that he would unpack his own belongings. In a flush of anxiety he afterward wondered if the man might therefore have thought him up to anything untoward. He dismissed that particular qualm on the rationale that it was of no concern to him what such a man might think of his comings and goings. Hux slept uneasily that night. He did not like to be the kind of person who worried without cause, but a premonitory sense of foreboding filled his sleepless hours, and the dreams he fell prey to in the dark were feverish and macabre. There was nothing specific in the dreams themselves that prompted his uncharacteristic dread, but rather a generalised sense of being watched, and of dark tendrils that were not quite solid matter twisting themselves around his helpless form. He would awake covered in the thin, cold sweat one often experiences prior to contracting a disease. Hux hoped he was not about to suffer from any illness, for he had no doctor in Arkham in which to trust, and if it were anything severe he might not be in any fit state to drive home. When morning did come, however, he found that with the light some of his vigour was restored, and though he had not slept as long or as deeply as he might have liked, he did not feel unready for his meeting at the Sanatorium. He washed, dressed, gathered the necessary papers into his briefcase, and made his way through the cobbled streets to find the Sanatorium, the psychiatric ward, and Benjamin Solo. His contact at the ward was one Dopheld Mitaka, the doctor recently placed at the head of that particular wing of the hospital’s operation. Hux was surprised by the man’s age – though he knew from his own career that youth did not necessarily denote inexperience, the doctor’s harried and flustered appearance as he ushered Hux into his office made him wonder if perhaps the young man might not be up to the task the Sanatorium had set him. Another surprise was the doctor’s accent – he spoke with the clipped tone and plummy vowels of an Englishman, and Hux expressed his surprise at having found another one of his countrymen in such a queer, provincial corner of America. Mitaka explained that he was not, in the strictest sense, English. His mother had been an American actress of some reputation, and his father European nobility, but the sensibilities and prejudices of his paternal grandmother had led to his being educated at Eton, the good woman having a notion that was the only school at which a boy ought to be educated. But America he had come from, and, when he was no long a schoolboy, it was to America he had returned. Hux nodded understandingly, telling Mitaka how he himself had been sent to Harrow. This was a lie, but it was an old and comfortable one, and a strategy he had used before to facilitate a feeling of camaraderie with other alumni of the more famed public schools. He had known a Harrovian intimately enough to feign an insider’s knowledge of that institution, but Hux’s schooling had in fact been somewhat less illustrious. He had been sent to a bleak old pile in Scotland, a school historically favoured by the Hux family, but rather far down the pecking order of public and private schools in Great Britain. His father had insisted on his attendance, but Aleistor himself saw this decision as an embarrassing oversight, and an opportunity missed. Mitaka having relaxed into easy talk of old school days, Hux broached the subject of Benjamin Solo. Even with the effort he had gone to ingratiate himself to the other man, Mitaka seemed suddenly ill at ease. ‘He’s been a patient at the Sanatorium longer than I myself have worked here,’ Mitaka informed him, fidgeting with a fountain pen that lay across his ordered desk. ‘And he’s the first patient they warned me about when I started.’ ‘Why?’ Hux asked, taking out pen and notebook from his briefcase. ‘Is he violent?’ ‘Sometimes,’ Mitaka conceded, ‘But no more or less than many of our other patients.’ Hux frowned, pausing with the nib of his pen poised in readiness above the paper. ‘So what danger does he pose?’ ‘He…’ Mitaka seemed to be struggling to give voice to the nature of the problem of Benjamin Solo. ‘He delights in unsettling others. By whatever means necessary, but ordinarily…’ Hux looked up, expectantly. ‘He gives an excellent performance,’ continued Mitaka, with a slight, nervous cough, ‘Of being privy to the thoughts of other individuals.’ Hux fought back a desire to chuckle. ‘So he is terrorising people with the spiritualist techniques of a middle-aged medium? What rot.’ ‘Well,’ said Mitaka, somewhat affronted by Hux’s callousness, ‘You’ll see for yourself. And then of course there is the incident that befell my predecessor.’ ‘Which was?’ Mitaka glanced around as if there might be some other presence in the room covertly observing their interview. Hux wondered how such a frail and affected young man had found his way to being in charge of a hospital ward. Hux himself might not have entrusted the gentleman with a lemonade stand. ‘He was found dead – strangled – in his office, in this office.’ Hux nodded, calmly. Murder was a troubling concept but one that he had accustomed himself to. Death, likewise. It didn’t do to go around getting spooked by any reminder of mortality. The past population of the world had surely been vast enough that someone must have died in almost any given spot. The when or the how was immaterial. ‘But that’s not the half of it,’ Mitaka continued, frowning, and steepling his fingers as he leant forward with an almost conspiratorial air. ‘The door to the office was locked. From the inside.’ ‘I see,’ said Hux, although he was far from certain at what was being hinted at. ‘And the relevance of this to Benjamin Solo?’ Mitaka pursed his lips. ‘A lot of the men and women who work on my ward seemed to think he was somehow responsible.’ ‘And did the patient to anything to indicate that was the case?’ ‘No.’ ‘And did he have cause or opportunity to leave his room unsupervised at the time of the incident?’ ‘No but –‘ ‘If you don’t mind, doctor,’ sighed Hux, running a hand through his hair as if to smooth it back, although not a strand was out of place, ‘I would much rather deal with the facts rather than rumour and superstition. Would that be agreeable?’ Mitaka gulped, and nodded. After a brief description by Mitaka of Solo’s delusions, the two men left the office to walk to the room where the man lived. Mitaka filled the silence by pointing out other patients, and the revolutionary new treatments practiced on the ward, but Hux’s interest in these was minimal. He flipped through the file on Benjamin Solo that Mitaka had entrusted him with. The man having been resident on the ward for eight years there was quite an amount of information to get through. Hux skimmed the top sheet, the most recent assessment of so many assessments. Appetite, normal; Anger, excessive; Depression, average; Hysteria; above average; Masturbation, above average. Hux paused at that row of the table. He’d forgotten what a mania it was amongst Americans to evaluate and curb the frequency of onanism and nocturnal emissions. ‘Up to three times daily,’ observed the next column. ‘Ah yes,’ said Mitaka, glancing over. ‘With the exception of the self-abuse his mental state has, unfortunately, remained a constant for much of his time here. We thought we were making some progress at diminishing his tendency to masturbate once he left adolescence but there’s recently been a sharp increase in his proclivity to that particular habit. It’s sadly a rather persistent problem across all our patients here.’ And young people the world over, thought Hux, who, though he had been not too given to indulge in the practice himself, remembered boarding school. ‘How did Mr Solo come to be a patient here?’ he asked Mitaka. Mitaka stopped walking to answer him, and Hux supposed they must have got close to the room that housed the subject of his investigation. ‘His parents admitted him,’ Mitaka said, in a slightly hushed tone. ‘From all I’ve heard they had lived with his issues for some time prior, but in his twelfth year he became more than even they with all their money and resources could bear. I think they thought he wouldn’t be away long, but it was decreed by the State of Massachusetts that he was a danger to society, and accordingly he was kept here, and here he remains until such a time, if ever, that he is sufficiently adjusted to return to normal life.’ ‘What kind of people are the family?’ asked Hux, curious to hear that this was a patient with a somewhat illustrious background. He was unused to such individuals, commonly dealing with drunks and degenerates, not young men born into wealth and privilege. ‘This was before my time, of course,’ Mitaka continued, conspiratorially, ‘But by all accounts the Skywalkers were a queer bunch.’ ‘The Skywalkers?’ Hux frowned. ‘Yes. Ben’s mother - the daughter, Leia – the talk at the time was of how strangely close she and her twin brother were. And so there were whisperings in Arkham when without warning she married a man of no wealth, no family – Solo – and gave birth to our Benjamin just six months later.’ Mitaka now continued walking, and Hux strode alongside him. ‘They weren’t Arkham people themselves,’ Mitaka continued. ‘Or they certainly weren’t considered to be. They lived in a large house out over the hills. I think it was thought that they were intentionally isolating themselves. There were queer things said about the town about Ben’s grandfather, very queer things. I couldn’t tell you about those, however, I’m too new to the city. It’s our oldest citizens who know or remember things from that time, and they aren’t always terribly forthcoming.’ They had reached the exterior of what was evidently Benjamin Solo’s room. There was little to differentiate it from others on the ward – a white door with a large window, and a small hatch for food. Before Hux had chance to look through the window, the doctor had gone to unlock the door. A young man – younger than Hux or Mitaka – was perched on the edge of a low cot. His hands rested on his knees, his posture erect. His attitude was akin to that of a child emperor, poised and indignant, his hospital gown spread out around him like a ceremonial robe. ‘Mr Solo,’ Hux began, intending to introduce himself. The youth did not look up to meet Hux’s eyes. He did not even stir. Mitaka tapped Hux gently on the shoulder. ‘We usually just call him Ben.’ Hux frowned. He wasn’t used to such informalities, and he certainly wasn’t comfortable with them. There were very few people he had ever known by their Christian names. ‘Ben,’ said Hux, beginning afresh. ‘My name is Dr Hux.’ Solo looked up, his brown eyes wide and inquisitive. He had a peculiar face. His aquiline nose and prominent ears seemed both too large for his narrow face, and brown moles speckled his pallid complexion. His lips, Hux noticed, were full and pretty, almost like a girl’s. ‘A doctor?’ asked Ben. His voice was deep and scratchy, but still retained a boyish whine. ‘Would you like to examine me?’ He began to hoist up his gown. ‘No! No,’ Hux assured him, trying not to linger on the flash of the exposed flesh of Ben’s pale thighs. ‘I’m not that sort of doctor.’ ‘Oh.’ The youth scowled, sinking back onto the cot. He stretched his arms out behind him before returning them slowly to his lap. ‘Then why are you here?’ It sounded like an accusation. ‘I’d like to ask you some questions,’ Hux told him, keeping his voice carefully calm and level. ‘If that is agreeable.’ Ben flung his shoulders up into an expressive shrug. ‘I’ve no other pressing engagements,’ he grumbled, with a careless irony. He seemed remarkably present for a psychiatric patient, or least for the ones Hux had visited. There had been a few who retained this level of self-possession, but not many. ‘Very well.’ Hux looked around for somewhere to sit, but Ben’s room was remarkably bare. There were few contents save his cot, and that was bolted to the floor. Apparently having anticipated this problem, Mitaka dragged in a chair from outside the door. Hux placed it adjacent to the bed, and produced his notepad. He wondered again how this boy could possibly be so dangerous that they would not even allow him a chair in his room, or a desk. It was more like a cell, thought Hux, than a room on a hospital ward. ‘You know shorthand,’ observed Mitaka, looking down at Hux’s notes. Hux glared to silence the interruption. He did not, in fact, know shorthand, but had devised a system of his own using invented hieroglyphs. He found that it served the dual purpose of both saving his expending effort on writing, and preventing prying eyes from deciphering his notes. ‘Now, Ben,’ Hux began, seeing no point in beating around the bush, ‘Have you ever been in conversation with beings not of this world?’ ‘None of us are beings of this world, Dr Hux,’ replied Solo, face pointedly turned away from Hux and Mitaka, now loitering in an ungainly fashion between Hux and the door, as if unsure with which to side. ‘But I suppose you refer to Supreme Leader Snoke.’ Hux scribbled discretely, whilst keeping watch on the patient. The naming of the entity was distinctly atypical. The other men and women he had spoken to were usually non-specific in their naming of these unknown entities, resorting to titles or isolated descriptors. ‘And what do you and ‘Snoke’ talk about?’ ‘The Supreme Leader has taught me many things,’ replied Ben, with the kind of zealous fervour that Hux had seen before only in the more fanatically devout preachers of Christianity. ‘And my education one day will be complete, when the stars align themselves and Snoke rises once more.’ ‘Rises?’ asked Hux, ‘How so?’ ‘At present,’ declared Ben, ‘He is both dead and dreaming, two states in one body. Once when he awakes will we understand his phantom stasis in its true nature.’ ‘And where is he now?’ Hux continued, making notes to avoid looking at Benjamin Solo for too long. Something about the boy unsettled him. Perhaps it was how confident he seemed subjected to close scrutiny, not deigning to look at Hux directly, but preening and posing under the attention all the same. ‘Under the ocean,’ Ben replied, as if that much ought to be obvious. ‘With others of his kind.’ ‘His kind,’ Hux pressed, ‘What kind of creature is he?’ The youth flopped back onto the bed in a parody of exhaustion. ‘No more questions today,’ he announced. ‘Goodbye Aleistor Hux.’ Hux looked at Mitaka to confirm that neither of them had uttered his Christian name in Ben’s presence. The young medic looked back with a glance that expressed triumph and vindication. ‘Aleistor,’ mused Ben, ‘That is your name here, isn’t it?’ Still lying down, he turned his head to look directly at Hux, a small, almost sweet smile dancing at the corners of those full, pink lips. ‘I can’t say it suits you very well.’ Though Ben had proclaimed their interview was over, he was now providing Hux with far more compelling material. Hux wouldn’t be surprised if the boy knew exactly what he was doing. He was yet, however, unwilling to credit Ben’s knowledge to anything more than the cheap tricks of a carnival palm-reader. Deciding against noting these developments down in any official capacity, Hux snapped his notebook shut, and made his way back towards the threshold. As he stood up, he was conscious of a strangely turbulent sensation in the back of his skull, as if some thin implement were being poked inside and stirred around, as when the Ancient Egyptians prepared bodies for embalming, ‘What does ‘Harrow’ mean?’ asked Ben, suddenly. Hux turned around sharply. ‘‘Harrow’ is a public school in England,’ he found himself saying, numbly, feeling as if he were hearing his own voice from a great distance. ‘A school for boys with wealthy parents.’ Ben was sitting on his cot cross-legged now, and wearing an expression of great smugness, as if he had just done something tremendously clever. He knows, thought Hux. Lord knows how, but he knows. He felt his cheeks grow hot. He couldn’t see himself, but he knew from personal experience of the red hair and pale skin bequeathed to him by his family’s carefully concealed Irish heritage that he was surely turning bright pink. He stared at Ben a moment longer, but the boy seemed content simply in his small victory of having unnerved him, without needing to humiliate him further in front of Mitaka – at least not yet. Breaking his own blue-green eyes away from the youth’s impossibly ancient brown ones, he turned to leave. ‘Come back soon, Dr Hux,’ Ben called after them. It was at once both a taunt and a promise. Hux stopped Mitaka at the end of the corridor, where they had conversed earlier. ‘Where are the boy’s family?’ he asked, trying not to seem as unnerved as he felt. ‘I should be very interested to speak to them.’ ‘You saw!’ ejaculated Mitaka, almost frantic with excitement. ‘You saw what he can do! And that’s not the half of it, he –‘ ‘Please, Dr Mitaka,’ Hux intoned dully. He pinched the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger, a habit in times of stress. ‘Just… Tell me how I can find out more about the Skywalkers.’ ‘Oh.’ The young man seemed somewhat dejected. ‘As I said, they aren’t around anymore. But you might be permitted to visit the house, given you’re an academic researcher, and a Harvard man. It’s rather empty at present. There’s a gamekeeper – coloured gentleman, lives in a cottage in the grounds – and a housekeeper. Miss Rey.’ Mitaka’s voice regained some enthusiasm. ‘A true beauty, Dr Hux, fair, kind, and by all accounts as pure as the mountain air –‘ ‘Thank you, Dr Mitaka, but your opinions of the domestics are unlikely to aid my research.’ Hux spoke with just enough levity in his voice to allow for the possibility he might be joking. ‘Of course, doctor. My apologies.’ Mitaka loosened his collar. Hux had always seen relaxing of dress as a sign of a personal moral failing, but given his own shaken state he decided not to pursue the matter. ‘If you’ll return to my office, no doubt I can find you the address, and perhaps offer some directions.’ They turned to leave. There was a loud crash from down the corridor, and then another, and then the sound of many pieces of wood clattering to the floor. ‘Oh, Lord,’ cursed Mitaka. ‘I forgot to remove the chair.’ Notes: ((Specific warning details: Finn is described as a 'coloured gentleman' by Mitaka)) I had actually planned on making Mitaka an Old Etonian anyway, and then I looked up his actor whilst writing this fic and found out that he *did* in fact go to Eton. Fate, or a sad indictment of the elitism of the British acting scene? It's probably both. Chapter 3 Notes: This chapter is dedicated to an irl friend and primary enabler of mine. He's a maths student in the middle of his finals, and who knows, maybe some AccidentalVoyeur!Hux and subterranean vaults will be just the thing he needs. Content warnings in the end notes. I'm considering producing a small glossary of the Lovecraft stuff that appears in this fic, so that Kylux fans who don't read Lovecraft can still appreciate. PLs let me know if u or someone u love would like this resource and it will be created. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Hux’s impressions of the town of Tatooine were distinctly unfavourable. Certainly Arkham was the nearest city to the settlement, but that was hardly saying much, and it had still been a long and arduous drive to the remote locale. The town was high in the hills of a wild and mountainous region, and would no doubt have looked much the same fifty, one hundred years ago as it did today. He had found himself in an establishment that had been a saloon, but was now a dingy room supplying various non-alcoholic beverages. Perhaps alcoholic beverages were available too, but presumably only to locals known to the wizened old woman who tended the bar, and Hux unquestionably stood out as an outsider. He sipped the weak coffee with which he had been provided. There were few shops in the town, and his enquiries into a place to stay had been met only with hostile stares and confusion. Though he had passed houses, even villages on the way, all those within reasonable distance of the town seemed to have been abandoned. He’d stopped at a few of them – costing him even more valuable time. He supposed the archaeologist in him must be unable still to resist a good ruin. The decay of the houses was peculiar – they all seemed to have been evacuated in a hurry. Some still had plates on the table, and others a few tatters of laundry still hanging on the line. The vast majority of their belongings had been abandoned with the houses; when they had left, they had taken nothing with them, and had apparently had no warning. Hux wondered what could cause such hysteria. Reports of a leak of poisonous gas or some such he supposed. At the time he’d planned to ask more about the derelict settlements when he reached Tatooine, but the distinct unfriendliness of the people there had diminished his hopes of getting anything in the way of useful information from them. He would have to find out upon returning to Arkham, if all the inhabitants of the town were like the ones he’d spoken with thus far. The first thing he’d done upon arrival had been, of course, to try and gain access to the Skywalker estate. However, though he had waited outside the gate for some time there had been no sign of life, or any indication that there was a bell or any other means of drawing attention to his presence at the threshold. At that point, he’d headed into the town itself, resolving to find food, and a place to stay the night, that he might have a chance of encountering any of the estate’s inhabitants the next day and thus gaining entry. Now it was late afternoon, and with no prospect of anywhere to lay his head, and a disinclination to try and sleep in his motor car, Hux was unsure as to his next move. He drummed his fingers on the table impatiently. Making up his mind, he downed the dregs of his coffee, and headed back out to the Skywalker estate. The estate was located at the end of a winding country road, and surely contained within its walls a sizeable number of acres. Having established that the entrance remained inaccessible, Hux resolved to pace the perimeter, and find out if he could discover either another soul within its walls with whom he might converse, or else another point of entry. The estate was vaster yet than Hux had anticipated, and though much of its defences consisted of merely tall fences or high hedges, his clear view of the interior did not yield any signs of human activity. Nor did he find any other ways in or out of the property, a point Hux thought peculiar and irritating in the extreme. Nearing completion of his circuit, and supposing he would have to leave shortly to reach Arkham before nightfall, Hux deviated from his walking close to the fence so that he might reach the path back – and thus Tatooine and his automobile – more quickly. Yet, as he wandered, disgruntled, away, Hux’s left foot struck something solid, and of an entirely different rigidity to the surrounding turf. Looking down, he saw it was a hinged wooden hatchway of some kind, and striking it with the heel of his brogue caused a deep, empty sound that led him to surmise that it was a trapdoor, leading to some subterranean level. But, though he had allowed himself to be somewhat heartened and intrigued by this development, it was what Hux saw when he removed his foot to take a closer look at the door that truly made his pulse quicken. Scratched into the wooden surface, in clear, upper case letters, was the single word, ‘HUX.’ He traced the letters with one fingertip, wondering how such an inscription might have made it to this dank and dreary place. Hux reasoned that this must surely be some particularly cruel coincidence. The letters had surely been there for some time, as the moss and lichen had begun to spread into the moist crevices of the etched word. Perhaps by chance the letters of his name denoted something else in this isolated corner of the world, something of which he had not been made aware of due to its exclusive use in this godforsaken town. But though he explained the presence of his name to himself thus, this did not prevent him from seeing it as something of an invitation, and Hux tugged on the rusted handle to the wooden hatch. It came loose with very little effort, and swung out onto the grass to reveal a drop of around ten feet to some kind of chamber or passageway below. Hux held onto the edge of the doorway, and lowered himself down before jumping the last few feet. He landed in a crouch, unscathed, but unable to see much of his environment beyond the small square illuminated by the dimming daylight creeping in through the trapdoor. He rummaged in the inside breast pocket of his suit to retrieve his box of matches, and scrambled around on the floor, hoping to find something he might set alight. To his surprise, his hand lighted on a sturdy piece of wood, which on closer inspection was revealed to be a fairly well-constructed torch. Frowning, Hux ignited it. He was in an underground tunnel of some kind. The portion in which he found himself had widened out into more of a cavern, but before him and behind him were narrower corridors, hewn out of the rock. Hux considered the courses he could take. There was, it transpired, a ladder propped against one of the walls, offering him the possibility of returning to Tatooine should he choose to. However, his earlier efforts to make this trip a fruitful one being stymied, Hux was determined to discover something over the course of his trip, even if only some explanation for the letters that had been carved into the trapdoor. Besides, though he urged himself not to jump to conclusions, he was not lacking in theories as to where the passageway might lead, and therefore chose, for the same reasons as my dear reader might expect, to take the way that would lead him back towards the estate. At first, the sides of the tunnels were bare rock, but as he continued there began to be sections adorned with carvings. These reliefs depicted men fighting each other using what seemed to be some manner of longsword. However, as the images became more detailed and covered more of the walls, until eventually the whole tunnel was carvings, it became apparent that some of the figures were women, some humans with beastlike attributes, and some creatures the like of which Hux had never seen before, and could not have described. As the tunnel continued ever further, Hux’s torch grew low, and he wondered what he might do should it run out. Fortunately, just as it had almost burnt down so far he could not safely hold it, Hux reached some rough, stone steps, and at the top of them there was light, streaming in through the cracks around another trapdoor. Extinguishing his torch, Hux made his way up the stairs, and pushed at the hatch. To his relief, it could be opened with just as much ease as the first, and he clambered out to find himself in a small enclosed room. He flipped the trapdoor back over. There was nothing scrawled on the top of this one, and he suddenly felt rather foolish for having checked. Before him was a small doorway, around half the size of those with which most buildings are fitted. Hux pushed it, and again, it sprang open easily at his touch. He crawled through, thankful for once that he was not a more broad-shouldered gentleman. He was in the hallway of a large house. The décor was opulent – a grand marble staircase swept up from shining floors, and a chandelier hung from the ceiling – but much of the furnishings were draped in white sheets, and though the place was clean and free of dust, it did not seem to have been in use for some time. Looking around, Hux found that the wall directly behind him was adorned with five fine portraits. Though it was the very wall through which he had entered, looking at it now he was not sure he could any longer make out the joins where the door might meet the wall, his way in having all but vanished. Two portraits were positioned above the other three, and it was these he looked at first. The first was a young man, attractive, but severe. The painter had given his gaze an intensity that made it difficult to look the man in the eye for any great length of time. ‘Anakin Skywalker,’ was painted on the frame below the portrait, and Hux felt a stab of victory at having apparently reached his intended destination. The script below the next image proclaimed it to depict ‘Padme Skywalker, nee. Amidala.’ Hux had heard something of the Skywalker matriarch from Mitaka, who had throughout stressed her Naboo heritage. Implicit in his words had been the suggestion that it might have had some bearing on the peculiar nature of the Skywalker descendants ever since. Naboo, in its proximity to Innsmouth, had not escaped being in the popular imagination of the Arkhamites seen as tainted with the same strain as its sister town. Still, as he looked at the painting of the lady in question Hux had to own that he could find no trace of the Innsmouth look in the face of Padme Skywalker. On the contrary, she was a woman of quite remarkable beauty. She was depicted in three quarter profile, the décor and dress decidedly parisienne , bearing the influence of the japonisme that had found popularity at that time. Miss Amidala seemed to have been a well-travelled and cultured young woman, and Hux wondered at her having married so poorly. The three portraits below were of the two Skywalker children, and the spouse of the daughter. The twins were depicted, as were their parents, at the cusp of adulthood. They were both exceeding pretty, the boy fair and kind in aspect, the girl dark-haired and determined. Whatever rumours Mitaka had heard whispers of in Arkham, there was little doubt in Hux’s mind that the father of Ben could only be the Han Solo whose likeness he saw before him. The elder Mr Solo had given his son his ears and his nose, and Ben’s features had emphasized them further on account of his narrower face shape. Hux had been about to move to study the pictures of Ben’s mother and uncle in greater detail when he felt a jab between his shoulders. Startled, he spun around, and was faced with the barrel of a shotgun, and with the young woman wielding it. ‘Who are you?’ she asked with a fierce glare. She didn’t seem afraid, and held the shotgun with a practiced grace that left Hux in no doubt that she knew how to use it, and use it with deadly efficiency. ‘What’s your business here?’ ‘I’ll tell you as best I can,’ said Hux, ‘If you’ll be so kind as to put down your weapon. As you can see, I myself am unarmed.’ Another figure drew up beside the girl. He too carried a gun, and was dressed in the manner of a gamekeeper. There was mud on his clothes. Though Hux had not seen him, he must have been abroad in the grounds today. It seemed he had at last found the Rey and Finn of whom Mitaka had spoken. ‘Honestly,’ said Miss Rey, with more than a hint of irritation. ‘One travels half the world to get away from Englishmen, and yet here they all are, like bad pennies.’ Though Hux had not quite had the time to register it when fearing for his life, here was, indeed, another Briton. He wondered why Mitaka had not thought to mention this in his raptures over the young woman’s beauty. ‘Just tell us why you’re here,’ said Finn, pointedly taking careful aim as he did so, displaying to Hux how easy it would be for him to be shot as a trespasser. ‘I found a trapdoor to a tunnel,’ Hux told them, ‘On a stroll round the perimeter of the estate. The tunnel led me here, and here I am.’ They didn’t need to know that he had found his name on the door. Surely they would take him for a madman, and it seemed the Skywalkers had quite enough of them to go around already. ‘I tried to get in to speak with you earlier but the gates were locked.’ ‘We aren’t accustomed to having visitors,’ said Finn, his eyes narrowing. ‘You can hardly have just happened to stop by,’ Rey added. They stood side by side, both still brandishing their shotguns. Though Mitaka’s waxing lyrical had been painful to listen to it was not ill-founded. Miss Rey was extraordinarily handsome, at least as far as Hux could discern, not being an expert in such matters. She was charming and pretty after the type of the English Rose, if a little unfashionably attired. She was in long skirts and coiled up hair when most girls her age were now cutting in bobs and donning dresses to show off their calves and create the impression of slim, boyish hips. The old-fashioned whimsy of her appearance was a noteworthy contrast with the large shotgun that she was holding, and Hux wondered what kind of a housekeeper needed also to be a gunwoman. ‘My name is Dr Hux of Harvard University’ he told them. ‘I’ve been interviewing Benjamin Solo at the Arkham Sanatorium.’ ‘A doctor?’ asked Rey, sceptically. ‘Of classics, archaeology, and psychoanalysis.’ Finn let out a low, amused whistle. ‘Shouldn’t you leave some of the studying for everyone else?’ ‘The purpose of my visit is entirely to find out more about my subject’s background,’ Hux told them. ‘I had intended to cause as little disruption as possible.’ Rey and Finn looked at each other, and, apparently having reached some form of wordless agreement, both lowered their weapons. ‘We might be able to help you,’ said Rey, with a little frown, ‘But it’s getting late. You won’t be able to return to Arkham this evening.’ After a brief discussion during which Hux was not held at gunpoint, they introduced themselves in more amiable circumstances, and it was agreed that Hux would stay the night at the Skywalker house and return to Arkham when he felt satisfied in his research. Rey and Finn did not give a family name in their introductions, and Hux did not confide to them his Christian name. He wondered if ‘Rey’ and ‘Finn’ were their surnames, or if they simply didn’t have any. He left to retrieve his car from the town – thankfully no locals having yet burnt it at the stake as a witch – and drove it onto the estate. On his way in he observed a stone cottage near the gates, which must be Finn’s residence. For his own part he was given a room in the house. It was large and spacious – hopelessly outdated, of course. It still boasted a four poster bed with red hangings, and aside from the installation of an electric light seemed to have remained largely unchanged since the middle of the last century. As Hux moved around the room, he began to feel himself overtaken by images and sensations. Not visions exactly, but rather as if he were remembering things that had never happened to him. He had the impression of a gangling dark-haired boy running round the room or curling up in the window seat. Sometimes he was weeping or screaming into the bed, sometimes jumping excitedly. But this wasn’t the boy’s room. For one thing it wasn’t furnished for a child, but furthermore Hux could dimly see the man he somehow knew had resided here, lying in the bed. Lying in the bed to die. Hux couldn’t properly visualise the man’s face, but with a sick curl of dread he knew that it had been disfigured horribly from what it was before. He sat down at the desk, and placed his head in his hands, trying to control his breathing and to dispel the sensations he was experiencing. He must be more impressionable than he had imagined himself, or else perhaps he was suffering from having gone so long without a good meal. Though he eyed the bed somewhat warily at first, partly from tiredness and partly from a pig-headed determination to prove there was nothing phantastic about the room, Hux lay down and slept a little. * * * Supper was an awkward affair. The food was hearty enough, but Hux ate that night with Rey and Finn at a table in the servant’s quarters. Though he supposed they could hardly be expected to wait on him, still Hux felt a little demeaned at dining alongside the domestics. Unfortunately, the young man and woman with him seemed to find the situation just as difficult as Hux himself, and what conversation they managed was sparing and stilted. As he settled down for the night, Hux at first thought that he had escaped any further mental intrusions, and was satisfied in his explanation of the earlier sensations as hallucinations brought on by tiredness and hunger. However, as he tried to sleep, Hux found that sweet and teasing suggestions were insinuating themselves into his mind. They were different in character and content to the earlier phenomena, although the sense of their being something like a memory that did not belong was familiar. The thoughts seemed to come from a place beyond his own mind, but even still, if he would dare admit it, woven from the fabric of his subconscious into the most enticing patterns. He could see Ben, Benjamin Solo, as if he was spread out for him on this very bed, open and inviting to his touch, and to whatever designs he might have on the lad. He could see himself fucking into Ben as roughly as he might choose, making the youth cry out as he tugged hard on that ridiculous, long hair. He could take Ben from behind like some kind of beast, and in the image that was shown to him he could feel Ben’s sensations along with his own and so knew that Ben was enjoying it – craved it, even. Craved the rough along with the soft of Hux, and relished what others might hold an indignity. Hux had imagined himself beyond this sort of foolishness, but he wasn’t, he wasn’t and oh if it wasn’t so very much worse than before. Clarence would never… thought Hux. Clarence would never have allowed… He groaned as the sensations returned with renewed vigour, as if to spite him for having allowed a recollection of his Oxford days to seep back into his mind. He considered touching himself, even moving his right hand down to the waistband of his striped pyjamas as if he might indulge his desires, but he felt uncomfortably under scrutiny, as if to do so would be to be seen to have given in. Balling his hands into fists so the whites of his nails dug little half-moons into his flesh, Hux fought the urge desperately, enduring a restless and troubled night. * * * Rey led him, the following day, on something of a tour around the house and its grounds. Though his purpose had now been clarified to some extent to her and Finn, still Rey did not seem willing to give him free rein of the house. She did not take him into every room, and in the rooms they did visit they did not linger long. The largest part of the day was taken up by an extensive tour of the grounds, which was tiring and entirely useless to Hux’s research. Frustratingly he did not seem to have uncovered much more that he did not already know. Rey was unusually familiar and knowledgeable about the family for a housekeeper – especially one who had entered their employ only after they had moved far away from the property – but she managed to convey the impression of being their intimate without actually revealing anything of any real interest or importance. The only time Hux was left to himself he seemed expected to spend either with Rey and Finn, or alone in his room, and frustrated with the waste of a day he opted for the latter. Still irritably energetic despite having traipsed round what seemed like half of Massachusetts, Hux decided to make use of his time searching around the one room to which he was allowed total and unrestricted access. He checked every cupboard and drawer, examining carefully any ornamentation or artwork. When he had satisfied himself in those regards that there was nothing of interest, he took to moving the furniture. As he threw all his weight behind moving a heavy (albeit empty) trunk at the foot of the bed, Hux was on the verge of giving up, but he had never liked to fail in any task, even ones he had set purely for himself. But the trunk gave eventually, and Hux slid forward, landing on his hands and knees, staring down, for the second time in as many days, at his own name. It was scratched into the wood of a floorboard, only this time there was not just one iteration of the three letters, but a great number in a variety of sizes and styles, as if the writer were playing around with the name, trying it on for size. It was etched in miniature lower case letters, scrawled in thick capitals; it swept across the surface in extravagant swirls and curlicues. Hux was more intrigued than he was alarmed, and his heart pounded beneath his undershirt as he lifted the floorboard easily from its position. Under the floor lay a wooden box, which he retrieved and set upon the floor in front of him. The box was not locked – it seemed it had been more for protection from the elements or from vermin than any human intrusion – and within it lay a large leather-bound tome. On the cover was embossed in gold letters ‘The Necronomicon.’ Harvard University had held in its library a copy of that dread volume, but prior experience had led them to keep a close guard over who might be permitted to read it. Hux had resolved never to ask for that privilege until he had a professorship under his belt, lest he suffer the humiliation of a refusal. And yet – here it was, that infamous text, in his own hands. A cursory glance indicated it to be written in ancient Greek, but Hux could scarcely examine it further before he heard a knock at the door. ‘Dinner is ready, doctor,’ came Rey’s voice, rather too full of cheer than Hux thought strictly appropriate. Hux called that he need to change, but would be with them shortly, and hastily stowed the book in his suitcase, which was thankfully not overburdened with contents to begin with. With some difficulty, he pushed the trunk back, and then dressed, as he had indicated, for dinner. He did not want either of the estate’s occupants to know he had taken possession of the book, but he now nonetheless considered it his. After all, its hiding place had had his name on it. * * * Finn wasn’t present for dinner that evening. This made things easier, really. Rey and Hux had never tried to initiate conversation, Hux because he had no desire to talk and Rey because she had too much desire to eat. Finn had been visibly uncomfortable with the silence however, and had gone so far as to make several well-meaning but doomed attempts at small talk. They ate now in a quiet that may not have been exactly comfortable but was certainly close to the Platonic conception each had of how this scenario might play out. As he readied himself that night for bed, Hux found he was undisturbed by irregular sensations of any kind. Though he had found them unsettling the previous day now their sudden absence weighed on him. Thus far, the mental images had seemed to be guiding him – guiding him, perhaps, along a road he dreaded to follow, but urging him forward nonetheless. He now felt as if he were missing something, as if the reprieve might itself be some kind of message or – perhaps – a warning. He paced the room, and as he turned toward the window he noticed a light moving in the darkness. Peering down from behind the curtain so as not to be visible himself, he observed the swaying of a lantern, which was held in the right hand of Miss Rey. In her left she clutched a dressing gown closer around her body. She wore boots, but seemed otherwise attired for bed. She had no need to fear the cold – June was upon them now, and with it the beginnings of an oppressive heat – but Hux still wondered what might possess a girl in a respectable position to wander outside thus, and at night too. Miss Rey glanced around suspiciously, but did not seem to see Hux observing her. She headed out with her lantern across the grounds. Hux paused a moment to quickly but thoroughly weigh up his options before pulling on his socks, boots and tweed jacket, and hurrying to follow her. Though the door leading out through the kitchens had not been locked, Hux could not risk finding a lantern to take with him in case Rey spotted the glow and realised she was being followed. Instead, he moved quickly so as not to fall too far behind, relying on following Rey’s light and on his eyes adjusting to the dark of the night. Rey’s pace was purposeful, but her route was strange and wandering. After taking a circuitous route round the grounds Hux realised that they had in fact been following a strange and rambling trail to the house where Finn lived, having avoided at all times the driveway. He hung back as Rey entered, pondering his next step. After waiting for some time to see if Rey would re-emerge, which he spent cursing not having thought to take his watch with him, Hux decided to investigate further, and cautiously proceeded round the side of the building, where light was being shed from a large window. He positioned himself in the bushes so that he might covertly observe the goings on inside. It took him some moments to understand what it was that he was seeing, as the tangle of limbs and bodies writhed in a formation he of which he had never before conceived. He could make out three figures, two of which were Finn and Rey. The other was a man who seemed vaguely familiar, although Hux had no idea where he had seen him before. He had tan skin, tousled hair, and stubble growing in around his jaw. There was little else that could be said to distinguish him however, as all three were completely naked. They were fucking, but not in a manner Hux had encountered before, not even on those antique vases that were considered too depraved for museum display. Finn lay on his back, with Rey on top of him, while the unknown man was taking her from behind. They were angled so that the second man’s well-shaped buttocks blocked his view of the penetration, and so it took Hux a while to understand that the men both were fucking her in the cunt. Though he was distressed to be witnessing such a scene he yet marvelled that such a thing was possible. The unidentified man was the one doing most of the moving, thrusting into Rey as she and Finn rocked and whined at the sensation. If Rey was in pain, it was a hurt that came with ecstasy in equal measure, for she seemed entirely transported as the man thrust his prick in and out. As the man quickened his pace her face contorted further, and she seemed to gasp as her back arched and her limbs shuddered, the very picture of delight. Her having spent seemed to whet further the desire of the man behind her, for he too was shortly overcome, and he pulled out of her, lying down on the bed next to the still entwined pair. Rey slid down completely onto Finn’s cock, and began to roll her hips down, riding him slow and steady as her hands drifted onto his chest. Hux had known that Finn was well muscled but it was only now he appreciated how finely sculpted the form of the gamekeeper really was. The other man was similarly handsome and of a strong, athletic build, and Hux experienced a brief pang of jealousy and arousal before remembering himself and suppressing it. Their pace had become more urgent, Rey fucking desperately onto Finn as his hips jerked upwards into her. The other man held Rey’s hand, and pressed kisses to Finn’s face and neck as the two neared their point of crisis. Finn climaxed first, at least as far as Hux could tell, but he had only their expressions to go on, as even the sound was muffled by the glass. All he knew for certain was that the second to come followed on closely after the first. Finn flipped Rey over onto her back before slipping his prick out of her, and she lay in between the two men, her knees raised up as they kissed her face with a sloppy carelessness. They began to take turns kissing each other on the lips, before all three of them met to try and join their mouths together as one, in a clumsy, passionate embrace that was a play-fight as much as it was a caress. Hux’s mouth was dry. His hands were held loosely by his sides. He wasn’t entirely sure what he had just witnessed. The fucking had given way to sentimentality, and he felt he had already seen more than he had expected or had ever needed to see. He stepped back, and a small branch broke beneath his foot. The occupants of the bed looked up startled from their love-making. Hux didn’t know if they had seen him. He doubted they would be able to, but he didn’t give himself time to find out. He turned and ran back to the house, guided by the light from his bedroom window, yet still stumbling blind in the darkness. Notes: ((Content warning(s): Hux sees Rey, Finn and Poe while they're having sex, but they don't know that he is there)) "But if you're British, and I'm British, who's the cleancut American protagonist who's flying the plane???" (It's Finn). im fichead on tumblr, follow 4 more screaming @ the unfeeling cosmos Chapter 4 Notes: This update could have come sooner but this fic got Hux's initials right in a 1/26 chance congratulations me. Half the letters in Aleistor are in Armitage. Coincidence? Probably. Mitaka had left them alone this week. This seemed less an indication of his trust of Hux than of his deep desire not to be in a room with Benjamin Solo any longer than strictly necessary, but still, Hux felt his absence might be advantageous. His visits to the lad were to be weekly, but still he had found himself with scarcely enough time to prepare for their interview, so absorbed had he been in translating sections of that dread tome, the Necronomicon. ‘Ben,’ he said, by way of greeting. Benjamin Solo gave him a small smile, tilting his head imploringly. He patted the space next to him on the cot. Hux hesitated for a moment before taking out his book and pen, and seating himself next to his subject. ‘You met my cousin,’ said Ben. Hux’s forehead creased in confusion for a moment, before he thought he understood Ben’s assertion. ‘Miss Rey is your cousin?’ he asked, with unconcealed surprise. How strange that the girl had not mentioned it in the time he had spent at the Skywalker estate. A day and a half was plenty of time to bring the subject up, even if he had left rather hastily the morning after witnessing… Witnessing he could not say what, exactly, at the gamekeeper’s lodge. ‘Yes,’ replied Ben, ‘Very distantly anyway. I didn’t even know she existed before I was locked away in here. I can’t say I’m surprised you didn’t realise, we aren’t at all alike.’ Hux recalled Rey’s determination as she threatened him with the shotgun, and the arrogant jut of Ben’s jaw when he presumed to know about the lives of others. He made a non-committal noise. ‘There’s something…’ said Ben, closing his eyes in apparent concentration. Hux felt once more the strange prickling in the back of his skull. ‘There’s something else… What did you see?’ He looked up again, and Hux felt peculiarly exposed under Ben’s wide-eyed gaze, like a beetle under a microscope, or an ant scorched by a magnifying glass. ‘This isn’t what I’ve come to talk to you about,’ said Hux, firmly, opening his notebook, and recording some preliminary details. ‘I want to know,’ said Ben, his bottom lip thrust forward in a childish expression of discontent, ‘I need to know.’ Hux felt a painful prickling at the base of his neck, but by the time his hand had made it up there to massage the affected area, the sensation had dissipated as rapidly as it had become manifest. ‘Interesting,’ said Ben. ‘They must believe a child with two fathers is a child with no father. How odd that they would put themselves through such an ordeal.’ To Hux’s mind, the participants had showed no signs of their actions being any great trial. On the contrary, he’d seen more tenderness in that strange encounter than he had in all the postcards his more uncouth friends had insisted on bringing back from the continent. He couldn’t claim that the intimacy of the moment had incited in him anything that the salacious images hadn’t, but nonetheless he recognised the difference. Ben, however, seemed delighted in gloating over their perceived misfortune, and Hux didn’t care to try and explain love to the boy. After all, it was hardly something of which he could be said to have had any great experience. ‘All right, Ben,’ said Hux, in his most authoritative tone, ‘How exactly do you do your little magic trick?’ ‘What trick?’ asked Ben. His smirk melted quickly into a picture of innocence, parted lips and clasped hands, like a young whore painted as a Magdalene. ‘Your supposed mind-reading. What are you doing? Is it a form of hypnosis, or some other crude carnival trick?’ ‘It is nothing of the sort,’ said Ben, in what was almost a snarl. He took several calming breaths before continuing. ‘It doesn’t matter,’ he announced, his mouth set in a determined line. ‘I can show you.’ With that, Hux’s grip on his pen went loose in his hand. He almost lost sight of the room he was in as a flock of images from his past fluttered across his vision, as if he was asleep and dreaming. When the sensation stopped, he was aware of a painful, pulsing sensation in his skull, like the beginnings of a migraine. Hux’s sight was blurring, but he could hear Ben reciting phrases in a flat tone. He ran the words together meaninglessly, but they were familiar nonetheless. ‘Ay there’s the rub I remember being crucified on the greatest cross for thine is the kingdom the power and the impossible! he is an Oxonian! Might it not be better for you to pursue your studies at some other institution…’ Hux’s vision focussed again, and he could see the young man sitting cross-legged next to him on the cot, running a hand backwards through his dark hair. Hux wondered dully how Ben was allowed to keep his hair at such a length, but then reasoned that maybe he wouldn’t try too hard to get Solo to do something he was unwilling to either. It wasn’t long before he felt the pulsing in his skull once more, but this time it felt more focused, and less painful. Ben continued his drawl, but this time he seemed to have found something more specific. ‘My dear Aleistor do you remember with fondness as I do that time lying by the Cherwell or rather you lying on me I should say you were so daring but what should they have said if we were caught when all we were doing was expressing love in its purest form down by the gorgeous green of the lilies oh dear I shall miss you although I do wonder as ever if you truly feel as I do reply and I shall believe everything anything – ‘ ‘Stop!’ Hux stood up, and over the boy. Ben cocked his head inquisitively to one side. ‘What,’ he asked, ‘Is ‘Oxford style’?’ ‘Enough!’ shouted Hux, finally losing any façade of calmness. Ben’s gaze snapped back to him immediately, and he stood up to face him. Hux had observed Ben’s long limbs keenly, but only now was he impressed with the sheer size of the youth, taller than Hux by a hair with a form that was broad and hulking. An awful rattling was heard, and Hux cold see that just as Ben was shaking with rage, so too the bed rumbled violently in apparent sympathy. ‘Are you afraid of me?’ Ben asked, in a low, threatening tone. ‘No,’ said Hux, with all the firmness he could muster. ‘You should be,’ spat Ben, and the rattling intensified into a crescendo until, bursting free from the screws which secured it to the floor, the bed flew up, smashed into the ceiling, and fell, mangled, to the ground. From the rooms around them, Hux heard sounds of crashing and shouts of terror, as if the same phenomenon had been occurring to some distance around them. ‘I am sorry, doctor,’ said Ben. He was looking down and breathing heavily, hands balled into fists and convincingly repentant. ‘Still, you need to understand what I am. What I can do.’ Hux stared at him, confounded. Ben’s chest rose and fell beneath his gown. For all that his facial features were beguilingly incongruous, his frame was strong and muscular, although how he managed to attain such a physique Hux couldn’t imagine. ‘You don’t like calling me ‘Ben,’’ stated the youth. It was a simplistic observation, but held the air of a peace offering. ‘No,’ Hux admitted. ‘I have another name,’ Ben told him. ‘The name my master calls me. ‘Kylo Ren.’’ ‘I’m not your master,’ said Hux. ‘We’ll see,’ said Ben, sweetly. Before Hux could question him further, Mitaka burst in, looking panicked to an extent Hux thought quite unprofessional. ‘You can leave, Doctor Hux,’ he said, glaring at Ben, ‘I would advise you not to return.’ Hux turned to leave, but as he exited the room he heard Ben’s voice, soft, like a whisper. ‘Please come back.’ He glanced behind him, startled, but Mitaka did not seem to have heard anything, and Ben looked the picture of innocence, staring down at the floor in front of him. He shot Hux a sorrowful look. ‘Please,’ he heard once more in his head. ‘I said I’m sorry.’ Hux regarded him coolly, and left. * * * Arriving back at the hotel, Hux felt more than unusually fatigued. As much as he would have liked to attribute his weariness to the hours spent poring over the Necronomicon, he was sure his weariness had increased tenfold following his visit to Ben Solo, or perhaps, as he should now call him, Kylo Ren. Much as he felt ill-at-ease furthering a delusion, or worse, occult intrigue, with one of his subjects, the name chimed somewhere deep within him just as much as ‘Ben’ had seemed to fit poorly the long, angular form of the Solo boy. ‘Doctor Hux?’ Hux glanced irritably in the direction of the concierge. He had made it clear to the hotel in their prior communication by telegram that he desired as little intrusion as possible in his affairs. However, that glance was enough to send a sickening jolt to the pit of his stomach. The concierge was clean shaven now, and, well… clothed, but surely, surely it was the very same man he had seen in the gamekeeper’s cottage on the Skywalker estate, joined in copulation with Miss Rey and Mister Finn. ‘Doctor Hux?’ said the man once more, smiling cheerily. Hux hoped their recognition was not mutual. He had no desire to leave another institution in hastily covered up disgrace. ‘Yes?’ He proceeded towards the desk. He would behave as would any civilised young man in this situation, and hope the man would feel utterly defeated in any suspicions he might have of his being the kind of fellow to lurk in bushes watching others fornicate. ‘Do you know a Capability Phasma?’ the man asked. ‘Yes,’ replied Hux. ‘Yes, I know Cap.’ Was this man about to rat him out to Phasma? Blackmail him perhaps, under the mistaken impression he and her were courting? He was almost certain they had been acquainted long enough for her to stand by him even if he was a confirmed deviant, but these days one could never be sure. ‘Have you been enjoying the sunshine?’ asked the man, in a tone laden with significance, although Hux couldn’t for the life of him understand why. ‘It’s hardly fit weather for a man of my complexion,’ he replied stiffly. ‘Did Miss Phasma leave a message?’ The man looked at him as if he were being extraordinarily slow. ‘Have you,’ he repeated, ‘been enjoying the sunshine?’ ‘I have no desire to converse with you on the subject of the weather!’ said Hux, almost apoplectic with rage and sure he was being mocked in some obscure fashion. He was about to give the man a piece of his mind when a door opened in the wall behind the desk to reveal the sleek blonde head of Phasma herself. ‘It’s quite all right, Dameron,’ she told the concierge, ‘This is my man.’ The man appraised Hux briefly, before nodding, smiling professionally once again, and opening the hatch in the counter to let him through. ‘What the devil was all that about?’ hissed Hux, as Phasma retreated into the space behind the desk, gesturing him to follow. ‘It’s a code, you ass,’ she said, as he followed her into a room of medium-size, containing several mismatched tables, at some of which other people were sitting. It looked to have once been a mail room, but the alcoves that had been pigeonholes now contained candles in glass jars, dried flowers, or other trinkets. A table stood at one end of the room, the shadow of the desk in the lobby it backed on to. Behind the table, instead of room keys, were shelves full of glass bottles. Phasma showed Hux to her table. ‘Dameron,’ called Phasma, snapping her fingers. Hux saw that the concierge had followed them in to take up his position at the makeshift bar. ‘A scotch, if you please. Neat.’ She looked questioningly at Hux, who nodded. ‘Two scotches,’ she amended. This was Hux’s first time in a speakeasy. It was not that he was in favour of the forced abstinence instituted by the Americans, but rather that he did not himself miss drink in its absence. He enjoyed occasional indulgences as much as the next man, but did not desperately seek them out finding drink unavailable. He looked around the establishment with undisguised curiosity, despite the other patrons for the most part shying away under his gaze. The place was shabby, but perhaps that was part of its appeal. For an illegal enterprise nothing seemed overtly threatening. Still, in the far corner Hux identified the dull sheen of old metal and observed several large pieces of iron or steel, which looked like components designed to form something larger and potentially rather deadly. What though, Hux could not say. He had never, after all, been a military man. ‘What brings you to Arkham?’ he asked Phasma, as they sipped their drinks. ‘Isn’t seeing a friend cause enough?’ she said, in a flat tone. ‘For you?’ Hux raised an eyebrow. ‘Never.’ Phasma chuckled coldly. ‘Very well,’ she relented, swirling the amber liquid in its glass. ‘I had intended visiting Bazine, but her husband’s trip was cancelled unexpectedly.’ ‘I see.’ ‘I do, however, have another reason to call on you.’ Hux nodded to indicate his interest. He noted her lowered tones, and followed suit in his responses. ‘And it isn’t the whisky?’ ‘No,’ said Phasma, although his assumption didn’t seemed to surprise her. ‘Hux, are you meeting with Benjamin Solo?’ ‘Yes,’ said Hux, frowning. Had Phasma truly come to him to gloat? ‘Yes, I am. You were correct, his case is of significant interest. There, I’ve admitted it. I’ve admitted you were in the right.’ ‘This isn’t about that,’ said Phasma, waving her hand dismissively. ‘I did speak to Bazine briefly, and told her about your work –’ ‘Which is confidential.’ ‘ – And she went white as a sheet. Believe me, not much spooks that girl. The Solo boy is bad news. Do you know when his birthday is?’ Hux shook his head. ‘No.’ ‘July 21 st , scarcely two weeks away. Arkhamites have talked of this day in hushed tones for years. Some claim since before the boy was even born. Mark my words, Hux, if you know what’s good for you you’ll be out of Arkham at sunrise.’ ‘He’s intriguing,’ Hux admitted, carefully, ‘But nothing I’ve seen indicates his peculiarities to be anything like so cataclysmic as all that.’ Phasma looked at him carefully for a moment, and Hux took pains to remain cool under her scrutiny. He glanced casually around the room. The concierge – or bartender? – had gone now, although Hux wasn’t sure when he had left. ‘Bazine says it is a mania driven by obsession with another. Or so it was for Solo’s grandfather, of whom folk hardly dare speak. Perhaps there is another lunatic who will drive him to greater extremes.’ ‘I doubt it,’ said Hux, with a tone of finality, drinking down the last of his scotch. ‘As far as I can tell, I’m the first other person save doctors he’s seen in years.’ * * * That night, studying at length the Necronomicon, Hux drifted into a careless slumber. He dreamed of the Solo boy, although in the dream he called him only Kylo Ren. In the dream Ren wore black, priest-like robes, and kissed him prettily after first brutally murdering Clarence. Hux was dismayed, Kylo was unrepentant. They fucked on some kind of throne. When Hux awoke, he looked down at the page on which he had been recording his translations, and saw it had been scrawled on, apparently by Hux himself, but in a scratchy, childish hand quite unlike his own. ‘Please come back please come back please come back…’ Chapter 5 Notes: It doesn't particularly matter for this fic who you imagine Clarence as being, as he's not super important and never appears in person, but if you're a completist and would like every character to mirror one from the Star Wars universe, than Thannisson is honestly a pretty good fit :P Warnings in this chapter for very under negotiated kink, and no aftercare or anything. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Solo lay on the floor of his room, basking in the small patch of light his window afforded him. At this time of day the slice of sunlight cutting into the dim dark was just enough that his entire body could be contained within it, but Hux was sure there must be large stretches of the day where no natural light at all penetrated the narrow room. ‘I am not in the mood today to answer questions,’ Ben had announced once Mitaka had left them alone. Hux, who had not, in his eagerness to focus on the Necronomicon, prepared any, settled down to observe whatever phenomenon may occur without prompting. Ben lay now on his front, long legs exposed. They were more visible to him now than on his two previous visits, now that Ben stretched them out on the wooden boards while Hux observed from his seat on the low bed. The bed was a new one, but if Hux had not witnessed the destruction of the previous furnishings he might not have recognised the novelty. This was not the only change that had occurred, unseen but inescapable. Since their last encounter, the name Kylo Ren had come to occupy his thoughts of the man he had known as Ben Solo, until it had become alien to think of him by any other name. It throbbed in Hux’s mind as he pored over the pages of the Necronomicon and it haunted his dreams. Kylo shifted, and made a pleased humming sound as he did so. The small sigh of pleasure sent a jolt of sensuality through Hux, a faint ache of desire building. He observed the reaction, and tried to stay in realm of observation merely, and not seek to aggravate the sensation. His efforts were thwarted, however, as the slight shift in the young man’s position had drawn his gown even tighter across his well-shaped buttocks. Hux took in the spectacle of Kylo Ren’s form in full, the powerful body that was so often concealed through unflattering garb and gait. The lad was powerful, physically stronger than him even without his peculiar abilities, and yet here he was, lying at his feet. The feeling of control thrilled him almost as much as Ren’s strange beauty and soft sighs. Ren rolled over onto his back, and lazily pulled himself up, eyeing Hux curiously. He sat leaning back on his hands, legs bent and slightly parted. The excess material of his gown that had been pinned underneath him now pooled at his groin. His legs were almost entirely exposed, but the fabric still hung down to hide what was between them. “Those parts which men delight to see,” supplied Hux’s memory, unhelpfully. Kylo angled his feet together, and rubbed one against the other thoughtfully. Hux contemplated again the strangeness of the boy’s face. His features seemed as if they ought not to fit together, intriguing parts drawn from different wholes, yet somehow fixed together in one person. It was a face that was divorced from any of the theorisations of the beautiful that Hux had studied, and yet its effect was charming, even troublingly erotic. When Hux had been taken round museums as a student by certain associates of his, and witnessed their veneration of the classical nudes he had remained unmoved. Hairless kouros in cold marble, pathetic genitalia peeking out like clusters of unripe grapes, had elicited no desire in him, and yet the young man who called himself Kylo Ren had him near uncontrollable on a Tuesday afternoon just from the sight of his strong legs and irregular face. ‘What was Clarence like?’ asked Ben, frowning slightly. Apparently as unwillingness to answer questions did not extend to a reluctance to ask them. Hux, still wary of Ben’s strange abilities, considered the question carefully. ‘Clarence was…’ he began, ‘He was, I suppose, the Greek ideal, in all its glories and limitations.’ Ben nodded. His full lips turned down a little in thought, and he ran a hand through his hair. ‘What did he look like?’ asked Ben. ‘Did he look like me?’ Hux couldn’t help but scoff a little at that. ‘Not remotely,’ he replied, honestly. Clarence had been insipid, pale gold hair and pale flesh. An admirer of art and of what was considered intellectual, his interests were in those who possessed a force of personality he could not have even half-embodied in his own life. Ben was strong, and full of a strange kind of health. He was undeniably present, a full person, the flesh as well as the mind. He frowned. ‘But you nonetheless find me appealing?’ It was an odd question, and one that struck at something Hux was none too willing to examine. He had been caught off-guard, unsure of the proper way to proceed. ‘Yes,’ he replied. He couldn’t quite bring himself to deny it – Ben was staring at him appealingly, eyes wide and brown like a wounded deer. ‘I find you appealing.’ Ben nodded, quick and decisive. What he had resolved himself to do, Hux was unsure, but he watched as Ben pulled himself up from the floor to stand in front of him. ‘I think you ought to examine me,’ he told him, earnestly. ‘I thought we’d already established,’ replied Hux, ‘that I’m not that kind of doctor.’ ‘I think,’ said Kylo, imbuing his voice with a tone of significance, ‘that you ought to examine me.’ He glanced to the right of the door, and Hux noticed a doctor’s bag had been placed there. Presumably Mitaka had left it on his way out, although it seemed a singularly odd lapse of memory on his part. Resolving to indulge Kylo’s whims, and to see what happened, Hux went to retrieve the bag. Kylo had removed his gown, and lain down on the cot. Hux stood a little distance from him, and contemplated what he was about to do. Although he had never been invited to any such games, he had heard that children played at doctors and nurses in England, and wondered if that was what this was – a game. He wondered that after having been examined by doctors for half his life the boy would want to do the same thing as recreation, but then he supposed Kylo had had little exposure over the past decade or so to any other stimuli for his imagination. It would no doubt present a fascinating subject for research, were it not for the fact that he was now face with Ren’s nakedness, and a mind wholly unsuited to the kind of childish whimsy that might supply him with what he ought to do next. Ren’s body was as he had imagined it from his earlier observations, although seeing it in reality was quite another thing. Hux fancied that he could smell the young man’s skin – soft with a little sharpness of sweat – and he could see how the moles that speckled his complexion elsewhere continued to dapple his hide all over. He tried to put these things to one side, and to focus on whatever it was Ren would have him do. He opened the leather bag, wondering if it might contain any clues, but mostly there were pots and vials of various pills and medicines. There were a pair of the kind of thin, rubber gloves that surgeons might use in medical procedures, and so, grasping at the only thing that seemed within his power to achieve, he put them on. The gloves made a slight crumpling sound as he donned them, which was oddly soothing. When he rubbed his fingers together he could still feel the heat through the material from one digit to another, but it still felt divorced from the sensation of touching his own flesh with flesh, and feeling the whorls and ridges of his fingertips. Hux exhaled sharply. Perhaps the situation would not be so dangerous if he was not to be in direct contact with the body before him. Hux took in a deep breath, and tried to remember what sort of things it was that doctors said, with what sort of genial platitudes they executed the business of prodding and poking at the bodies of strangers. ‘Now,’ he began. ‘What seems to be the problem?’ Ren shuffled his head round to face him while remaining prone. He stuck out his bottom lip, as if something were causing him a minor grievance. ‘’m hurting,’ he told him, voice still a little muffled by the pillow. ‘And where in your body are you experiencing the pain?’ As best as he could, spread out on the bed, Kylo shrugged. ‘Not sure,’ he said in pathetic tones, eyes slyly downcast. ‘Could you check me over, and I’ll tell you when I feel it?’ Now, thought Hux, would be the ideal time to back away. And yet, he felt himself so close. So close to touching Kylo, it was true, but close perhaps to something else, to finding out something more about this most peculiar young man. He knelt down next to him, and extended his hands out to touch Kylo's well-muscled back and broad shoulders. He pressed along Ren’s neck first, reasoning it to be a safe place to start. ‘Does this hurt?’ he asked. Kylo mumbled a negative, and Hux moved his hands lower, digging into his flesh, and feeling the muscles click slightly when tension left them. He had only done this before to himself, this massaging, reaching around his own back after long days hunched over a desk. He wasn’t sure how his knowledge would translate onto another human body, and his continuing questions about whether Kylo was in pain were now quite in earnest. But the young man was positive concerning his efforts, some of his replies reduced simply to satisfied moans. Kylo’s flesh was warm under his gloved hands, and though it was a little slicked with sweat, still the friction with the thin layer of rubber impeded his progress. Hux rummaged in the bag to see if there was anything that made aid him. He’d come now to expect these apparent convenient coincidences as a facet of Arkham life, and was little surprised when, among the pill bottles, there lay a tub of some form of unguent, unbranded, but labelled as safe, a lubricant with no active ingredients. He slicked a little on his gloves, and continued down Kylo’s back, and the boy hummed delightedly at his ministrations. Though it was arguable that he had already gone much farther than was truly scientific, still Hux balked at the prospect of massaging Ren’s buttocks, and how little in control of himself he would feel in taking this next step. He was feeling already the first stabs of arousal from looking at and touching areas outside of those typically connected with desire, and did not want to take the significant risk of proceeding to more suspect portions of the human anatomy. Instead, he nudged Kylo’s hips, instructing him to turn over. Ren did so, and Hux wondered if he might not have been better leaving him face down. The boy was a sight to behold. His face and chest were flushed as if somewhat abashed, and looking down it was not difficult to suspect as to why: his prick stood up indignant hard, almost as if to spite its owner. Ren kept his eyes shyly downcast, before flicking them up pleadingly, Hux not yet having begun to touch him. Hux sighed. ‘Have you any inkling as to the source of your pain, Mr Solo?’ Kylo shook his head fervently, and Hux settled back into the role of doctor. He spent a great deal of time assessing the function of Kylo’s eyes, ears, and other sensory organs of the face, although of course with no idea what he ought to be looking for. He tried to keep himself from glancing down too often at Kylo’s cock, which showing no sign of diminishing its flushed and erect state. The lad’s prick was larger than any Hux had seen – as it were – in the flesh, and he was both impressed and intolerably aroused at the sight of it. His examination of the head concluded, Hux continued down the torso. A very scant and trifling assessment it was as well, as he now had little interest in anything other than the phallus. For a moment he even credited certain theories about the religious cults of primitive man, so much was it his sole and overwhelming focus. When finally his next source of examination was inescapably it, he looked up at Ren, unsure how to proceed. Solo was looking almost feverish now, as if it was a sort of disease he suffered from after all. ‘The pain,’ Hux enquired of him, ‘Could it be in your… member?’ Kylo bit down on his lower lip, nibbling it nervously between his teeth. He shook his head. ‘I don’t think so, doctor,’ he confessed, ‘I think it might be… further back.’ It took Hux a moment to process what Ren was saying. Cautiously, and without touching Kylo’s cock, he slipped his hand down between his legs, and behind his balls. He traced a finger along the bit of skin there, the bit that led up to… did Kylo wish for him to…? ‘Here?’ he asked, his throat suddenly dry. ‘Just a little… further,’ blushed Kylo, burying his head in his neck almost with embarrassment - whether feigned or not, Hux could not be certain. He tried to keep his breath steady, even as his finger now circled Ren’s entrance. ‘Here?’ His voice sounded shaky, even to himself. Clarence, he thought, Clarence would never have permitted this. ‘Umm,’ intoned Ren, sounding unsure and still unsatisfied. ‘I think you ought to examine… the inside, if… that is acceptable.’ Hux felt his head swimming, possibly due to the rush of blood that seemed intent on heading to his groin. ‘Whatever,’ he managed to croak. ‘Seems medically necessary.’ He dug his fingers again in the tub of salve, and traced again around Ren’s hole, before daring to push a finger inside. Kylo sighed as he did so, little tremors of delight making him wriggle against the mattress. Intrigued, Hux manipulated his finger inside him, inside the hot, captivating tightness of Kylo Ren, and found that pressure against a particular spot seemed to elicit the strongest reaction of pleasure from the young man. ‘How does it feel when I do this?’ he asked, pushing harder at that part than he had before. Ren gasped, arching his back slightly, and clenching and unclenching his damp palms. ‘I think that’s the source of my pain, doctor,’ he replied, his pretence of nonchalance wearing scanty thin. ‘But it feels like… Like it is getting better upon being touched.’ ‘Is that so?’ asked Hux, mildly, as if with any kind of professional detachment. ‘This calls, I think, for further investigation.’ He eased another finger inside him, and Kylo cried out at being opened wider. Hux wondered that none of the surrounding staff or patients had heard them. Perhaps the room was sound-proofed. Perhaps they were now well-used to strange, inhuman howls emanating from Ren’s room. Either way, he felt sure he was unable to stop now, even with the threat of discovery. The prospect of continuing was simply too tantalising. With his two fingers he stretched out a little, watching as Kylo’s hole stretched obscenely wider. He enjoyed Ren’s tormented little mewls, but he did not think to revel in the sensation for much longer. He was intrigued at the effects of pressing and easing at that certain spot, and was eager to return to it. He had always supposed that men might gain something from being sodomised, but only now did that elusive something rear its head, and make it clearly known and perceived. Clearly the forbidden knowledge of Kylo Ren extended some way beyond the world of sleeping, sunken gods. He resumed this new application of the skills of massage with greater fervour, and Kylo writhed and sighed for joy. Hux had become so absorbed in his task that he was surprised upon looking up to see the seed already pooling at the tip of Ren’s prick, a foretelling of what was surely to come. ‘How do you feel, Ben, Kylo?’ asked Hux, his tongue slipping over the new name. He stroked one thigh soothingly with his other hand. ‘I feel better,’ panted Ren, ‘But I feel as if I might… As if I could…’ He looked at Hux imploringly, as if asking for permission. ‘It is important,’ chided Hux, ‘That you not hold back from any part of the treatment.’ With that, he moved his fingers quicker and harder, and began to rock them slightly in and out of Ren, as well as against that one spot. After scarcely a few seconds of this, Kylo cried out, and his prick spurted seed across his freckled chest. It was as if it did it of its own accord; as if it were some kind of obscene magic trick. He whimpered through the aftershocks, and Hux continued to stroke his thigh even when he had removed his hand gently from inside him. It was only in the aftermath of what had transpired that Hux realised how achingly hard he was himself, and also that it dawned on him truly what he had done. He had left one academic institution in disgrace already, he fretted, as Kylo wiped himself with is gown, and if word of this ever got out… ‘I need to leave,’ he announced, pulling the gloves from his hands and tossing them to one side. ‘What?’ Kylo asked, looking up pathetically. ‘Already?’ Hux turned stiffly, and made for the door. ‘Come back next week!’ called Ben, called Kylo. ‘Promise that you’ll come back!’ Hux left. Notes: "those parts which men delight to see" is from Edward II by Christopher Marlowe a kouros is a Greek statue of a very idealised young man. They're all right, if you're into that sort of thing I suppose. ALSO even though mostly this fic is an anachronistic mess most likely I did spend an inordinate amount of time checking it was possible to have thin rubbery type gloves like in some kind of ASMR video shenanigans so Never Say I Do Nothing 4 U!! Notes: If you enjoyed this, please consider leaving kudos and/or a comment! If you want to hang out on tumblr, my url there is fichead. The family that sins together, wins together.