In the beginning Finn was a new transfer student to Poe's middle school. Finn was smart and kind and intelligent, but always by himself. Specially at lunch. Poe didn't understand. He had moved a grade up because he was that smart and people were ignoring him? So he decided to sit down next to the other boy during lunch one day, and as soon as he saw the shock run across the other boys face when he stopped across from him, Poe gave him a charming smile. The one that always seemed to make people relax. It worked. Momentarily. Before Finn looked at him with wary eyes. "Mind if sit with you?" Poe asked, making sure to give the other boy time to relax. "Yeah, okay." Finn nodded, clearing his throat and sitting up straighter. Poe gave him another smile and sat down comfortably. The usual chatter of the other kids was comforting since a tense silence began between them both. When Finn was done he got up and quickly moved to throw his tray of food away. Poe got up after him and walked side by side. "Hey, you okay?" It was a simple question. Something to relax the younger boy, but instead it made him tense. "Why are you talking to me?" Finn asked, a hint of accusation in his voice. Poe blinked in surprise. "I, uh, well..." he trailed off, unsure of how to continue. But when Finn looked at away, more tense than he had seen him, Poe quickly answered with, "Because I want to be your friend." "But why? You're popular. You can be friends with anyone." Poe gave him a confused look. "Well, I want to be friends with you." Finn blushed, but cleared his throat. "Really?" He asked. And Poe nodded with a smile. "Cross my heart." Finn gave him a searching look, but ultimately seemed to believe him and nodded. "Okay. I'm Finn." He offered Poe his hand and Poe shook it. "Hi, Finn. I'm Poe. We're going to be great friends." They shared a secret smile and Poe knew deep down he was right. They were going to be great friends. * When Rey first came into the picture all that changed was their routine sleep overs where Poe and Finn would play heroes and villains. Or heroes and redeemed bad guys who were actually good, because Finn was too good a guy to be a villain. And he argued that if Poe was the villain he would be too good, too. So the name had to be changed obviously. They'd relax with some of their mother's delicious cooking, enjoying sweets or sugary drunks they would sneek behind their mother's backs. It'll all was a blur of orange flavors, soft blur skies, a darkening world and endless laughter. Rey was more friend of Finn's than Poe's, but he didn't mind. Finn seemed happy and while Poe could make friends like he could snap his fingers, Finn wasn't so lucky. So any friends he made were good in Poe's book. He was sure that he would win Rey over. That she would soon get out of her shell and they would be like the three muskeeters, but cooler, because they had a girl fighting the bad guys beside them. And Rey was a fighter. Anyone could see she was badass. And Finn...Finn was enamoured with her. It seemed that was anyway. He would smile at her much easily than Poe. More often than not, he would find them in deep, private conversation. How was it that he had to work for Finn's trust, when Rey only had to give him a small smile and Finn was an open book. Poe didn't think he was jealous of Rey, but the more time he saw then together, the more obvious it was. And this was the first sign that Poe had feelings for Finn. * For two whole weeks following his admission of jealousy to himself, all Poe could think about, dream about, was Finn and all their time together. How they would talk for hours and Poe would learn so much. He had purposely always got Finn's favorite drink while asking his Mom to make different meals for when Finn came over. Soon enough she was teaching him how to cook, and Poe had new reasons to feel warm whenever Finn praised the food and cooking. * Things were unbearable for a time, but then Poe decided that enough was enough. If Finn was going to be happy with Rey then who was he to always be pouty whenever they were together, which was all the time. Anyway, it would be better to be friends with Finn than to not be his friend at all right? * By lunch break one day, Poe was the first one to get to their spot for lunch. He sat down, digging in to his lunch as he watched all the high schoolers pass by. Rey was the first to get there and Finn smiled at her. "How was P.E.?" Rey asked with a smirk at seeing Poe glare at her gently. "Tiring. But passable." Rey rolled her eyes. "You always act like it's so hard." "You wouldn't understand. You're young, still." Poe teased her slightly. Rey playfully shoved him before getting some of his fries. Rey had her own lunch from home, but she always liked to eat from Finn's or his plate. He didn't mind. It meant that Rey trusted him. "You're not that ancient. Yet." She winked at him and he scoffed at her, smiling softly. He would have said ssomething to save his honor, but it was then that Finn arrived. He smiled at them both in greeting. "Guys." Rey turned to him. "Finn, can you tell Poe that he's not ancient yet?" Finn furrowed his brow, turning to Poe on the defensive. "What? Is someone saying things about you? Who?" He was about to stand up when Rey sat him down. "No one. Me, actually. I was teasing him." Rey explained in a hurry and Finn was quick to look embarrased. Rey laughed, patting his back and Finn gave her his usual smile and Poe slowly felt pushed aside. But he smiled when Finn turned to look at him. 'He's your friend. He's your friend.' Poe thought as he focused on eating and not talking. The bell rang not too long later. He went to class feeling guilty that he was avoiding talking to Finn, but while he wanted to act normal and be friends. A part of him, the bigger part of him, wanted to hug Finn close and hold his hand and kiss him. Poe was afraid to lose control. He was afraid that one look into his eyes, and Finn would realize the whole truth. * When school was over and Poe had come to compose his overpowering feelings, he waited for his friends to get out of class and join him. Rey was the first to get out. She stopped a few feet from him and canvassed the area, looking for someone and when she met his eyes, she dropped her backoack. She sprinted toward Poe and slammed her hands against him, shoving him back a few steps. "Rey!" He gasped out, looking at her in alarm. "What the h-" "What's your problem!" Rey snapped, shoving him again and glaring at him something fierce. Poe swallowed down his confusion. "What?" "Why were you avoiding Finn today?" Rey asked, crossing her arms. Poe's mouth dropped open, shaking his head. "Wh-" "You talked only to me. Barely looked at him, or talked to him." She glared at him, thoughts fleeting through her mind, he could see. She took a deep breath through her nose, then asked. "Do you like him?" Poe freezes at that. He couldn't think for a second. How did she know about his feelings? Would Finn know as well? He blushed at that thought. "I, no, I don't, what, no!" Poe answered stuttering more than he wanted to. But what could he do? He was suave and charming on any other situation, but he felt flustered now. Rey looked disappointed by his answer and glared at him. "Talk to him. Tell him how you feel." She said, more a command than a demand. Poe can only stare as she goes to pick up her back pack before walking back to him. "Oh, and if you hurt him, I'll kick your ass." She was serious enough that Poe believed her. His had dropped and she left without another word. Poe's mind was swirling with thoughts and feelings. He felt scared that if Rey knew, Finn would too, but if that was true, then he would have acted different around him, right? So, when Finn came over with a smile that slowly eased off his face, Poe tried to be calm. "Poe, are you okay?" Finn sounded concerned, normal. Yeah, he didn't know. Poe nodded. "Yes. I'm fine." He gave him a shaky smile. Finn was growing more and more concerned by the second and a wild burst of madness pushed Poe to say, "Do you want to come over to my house? My parents are at work. We can hang out, just like old times." Poe gave him a smile. Finn watched his face, trying to find something there, but finally he nodded. "Okay, sure." * The walk to his house was both long and short. The silence crept between them both, surrounding them in a haze of uncomfortableness. Poe realized that he had to do something, talk to Finn about how he felt. Their friendship was falling apart and if telling him the truth about how he felt made things worse, they already were anyway, Rey would be their middle ground. She would be the messenger and tell Finn how much he was willing to grovel, all the space he would give him if necessary. They got to his house and Poe quietly released a breath, about to speak, when Finn spoke first. "Poe, are you sure you're alright?" Finn asked, searching his face. "Yeah, buddy, I'm fine." Poe answered, silently cursing at himself when he realized what he had said. Finn looked just as surprised by his words and turned away, clearing his throat. "Poe, I have to go. I-" "Wait. I have to say something before you go." Poe said, heart drumming wildly in his chest. Finn turned to him, and waited quietly for him to continue. Poe thought of all their weekend sleepovers. Their summer's camping trips and time spent at the park. Finn, Finn, Finn. He was all over his memories. And he was probably about to lose him. Poe took a shaky breath, fighting back his light headedness and nausea, before looking Finn in the eyes. The eyes of his best friend. "I-I like you." At Finn's sharp intake of breath and a full numbness filling in for his passing panic, he continued. Encouraged. "I have feelings for you. For a while now." He cleared his throat and let Finn say something. But he never did. Finn dropped his back pack from his slackened shoulder. Poe looked down at him, not able to look into Finn's eyes anymore. He swallowed, feeling rejection coming. He was an idiot. He could take it back. Rey wouldn't be a medium between them. She would kick his ass for this. She was wrong. Why had she even encouraged him to do this? Finn was going to never speak to him again. Finn moved then, Poe caught the action from his peripheral vision, and he looked up. Apologies ready to spill from his lips and then force a cocky smile on his face to tell him it was alright. But before he could, Finn had both of his hands around his neck and head, and then gently pressed his lips to Poe's. Poe gasped into the kiss, before gently kissing back. Kissing Finn was sweet and warm and soft and like a dream. Poe could barely believe it. And when they slowly pulled away from each other Poe knew they were both affected. Breathless, lips swollen and face a healthy red, they both quietly looked at each other before Finn kissed him softly again. "I like you, too." He murmured in between sweet kisses and Poe hummed, heart growing in content. He wrapped his arms around Finn's neck and Finn wrapped his around Poe's waist, deepening the kiss. * The next day, after many shared kisses, they both went to school as usual. The only difference was they shared even more secret smiles and had to resist the urge to kiss each other every few minutes. It was probably obvious that something was going on, because Rey took one look at them and she smiled brightly. "What happened?" She asked grinning. "We...he knows I like him." Finn answered, growing flustered and she hugged him close. "I'm so happy for you both. I'm glad one of you said something!" This made them both stop. "What?" The asked in unison, looking from Rey to each other. Rey waved off their confusion. "You both like each other. I knew, but you were both oblivious so I decided to play matchmaker." Poe flushed at that. "I...you told me to tell him how I felt." He blurted out. "I'm a blunt, straight to the point matchmaker. You're welcome." Finn had not been able to say something at first, but now he shook his head. "Rey, I told you to give me time." He snapped, but there was no fire to his voice. Rey did give him a slightly guilty look, before placing a hand on his shoulder. "I'm sorry, Finn. It had to be done. I've known you both since we were 12. We're 16 now. I can't take you both dancing around each other like this anymore. I can't take it anymore." She sighed. "I did all of us a favor. And...I'm sorry." Finn gave her a smile. "You can make up for it later." He said with a smile. Rey grinned and wrapped an arm around both of their shoulders. "I will, but for now I want details." And so they all walked back to the school. Rey asking a million questions a minute. While Poe and Finn shared a secret smile between each other.