Prologue The flames from the funeral pyre rose steadily towards the night sky, the moon hanging blood red and swollen behind a thin layer of dirty looking clouds. There was a large crowd gathered around, a few hundred people at the very least, sobbing and singing the ancient funeral hymns to the best of their ability. The pyre itself was built in the centre of a large field, on the south side of a giant obelisk with an intricate pattern of symbols and writings carved into its black surface. Between the obelisk and the pyre stood a man, tall and lean, with shoulder length hair the same colour as the flames licking at flesh and wood and, eyes as green as the filed in summer, dressed head to toe in black – making his fair skin seem positively luminous against the darker background. He had a short beard, the same firey shade as his hair, and he wore a simple gold circlet around his head, but on him it seemed more regal and dignified than all the jewellery and precious metals ever would on an emperor in the centre regions. There was little use for luxury in these parts, not that this man needed it. He emanated such an aura of authority and calm control that no one would ever mistake him for anything other than the ruler of this land, the warchief. Standing slightly of to his left side was a woman, almost taller than him, with pale blonde hair and eyes a piercing blue that seemed to see through anything. She had the stance of a true warrior, and she was indeed. No man or woman in this land would draw their weapon at her if they had any say in the matter. He was Braith Hux, son of Brendol, and before his thirtieth naming day, he’d conquered five territories that his father had been struggling to even invade for two decades. Her name was Phasma, daughter of Isolde, and she was his cousin and commander of his high guard. The body on the pyre had belonged to the Crow, the man who had been the warchief’s advisor, mentor, and spiritual guide since he was born. The Crows were strange creatures, wearing midnight all their lives, trained in the giving and taking of life and death, wielding the power to bend the world and the minds of others to their will, and bearing within them a bloodlust to rival armies. The Crows were sacred, and once they were sworn to the service of their chieftain, they remained so for life. It was the warchief who wielded the powers of the Crow, who was responsible for their actions, for their safety and well-being. This duty between warchief and Crow was considered more sacred than marriage and blood. A Crow was a child of the old Gods, and the warchief who laid his hand on his Crow in anger was a warchief soon to be dead. This Crow, Tarkin, had been Hux’ grandfather’s Crow before, then his father’s, and he had been Hux’ Crow for nearly seven years before his long life finally caught up with him. At the ripe age of ninety-seven, Tarkin was more than happy to go back to the Halls of the Ancestors. A new Crow would find their way here. These things were laws of nature. Never would a good warchief find himself without a Crow for too long; as long as the Gods favoured him, Hux would not have to see his nest empty of sweeping black robes, and the castle towers void of the fluttering of hundreds of midnight wings for more than a few weeks. It would be a few anxious weeks, regardless. A land without a Crow had only half a leadership, and half a leadership was a weak leadership. Even Hux and Phasma’s bloody reputations might not be enough to keep the opportunists at bay. The pyre slowly burned itself out, and when the sunlight began to touch the horizon enormous flock of black birds of all kinds that had been occupying every single tree around the field gave a unison caw, and then they rose high in the air, and scattered in a thousand directions. The singing stopped. Tarkin’s soul had found its way home. He was no more. Hux nodded at Phasma and made his way around the pile of smoking ashes, and the crowd parted for him as he walked away from the field and back towards his castle. The silence was almost loud in the air as his people, his clan, began to follow. There would be no more words until after sleep. They would not risk Tarkin’s rest by speaking of him before the sun was high in the sky again. A selected few remained behind to gently gather the old man’s bones and place them in the sacred Cave by the sea, together with the bones of all the Crows before him. Then the ashes would be gathered to use as fertilization for the Garden of Healing, death bringing life – a complete cycle. Hux put the circlet down on a small table next to his bed, before washing his face clean of any signs of ashes or tears. Crying had its time, and that time had passed now. Shedding his funeral clothes, the warchief tried to keep his mind as blank as he could, not wanting to face the thought of a new Crow in this castle just yet. Tarkin had told him stories, when he was a little one, about the Crows and the powers they had. Tarkin himself hadn’t been very strong with the Force, as he had called it. He could do what he was expected to, of course, but he was of no more than average talent in that regard. It had always struck Hux as odd how he seemed so accepting, even grateful for this. Just before his official rite of passage into manhood, Hux had finally asked him about it. Tarkin had smiled, and told him about the Force, and about the Knights. The Knights of Ren, he had called them – had whispered the name as if he wasn’t allowed to say it out loud. They were the sons and daughters of Death herself, born with a power that made Tarkin’s seem like an ant’s in comparison. Hux had protested, said that Tarkin’s power was truly impressive and that he was so much stronger than the other Crows Hux had seen. Surely he was just jesting. Pain had flashed across Tarkin’s features before smiling at the young lad. No, he had said. The Knights of Ren were not men or women, they were half gods, demons, creatures devoted to and devoured by the very Force that gave them life. One of them could slaughter the Hux clan’s entire army in a day if they so wished. They could not be made to heel, could not be controlled like Tarkin could. A warchief who was given the responsibility for a Knight would have to find a wholly different way of gaining his Crow’s trust and allegiance than a mere bonding ceremony. They were chaos, destruction – Hux had to understand that – but they were also plagued by their power, slaves under forces larger than the will of any warchief. The Knights were equal parts blessing and curse to any clan they made their home within. He should pray for an average one. For someone like Tarkin, with a sharp mind and gentle words – displaying the Force only when the need was dire. A Knight could be either his path to conquering the world, or to a swift and bloody death. It would be impossible to know beforehand, it always was with the Knights. They warped the fabric of the world around them. Since then, Hux had been plagued, too. Plagued by dreams of black clad figures watching him from the shadows, towering over him in his sleep. Of daggers in the night, of poison in his blood, of gods and monsters. But Hux knew they were just dreams. He was a warchief. Only Crows dreamt the future. Only Crows could know what the Gods wanted. For now, Hux could only wait. Chapter 2 : Son of no one Notes: First of all, thank all of you who commented on the prologue for your encouraging words! It gave me courage enough to throw myself back into the madness that is multichapter AU's. I don't have a beta, so any and all mistakes are my own. Feel free to point them out to me, but please be kind. English is not my first language, and as I said, I'm a spoonie. Sometimes words go missing between brain and hand. I hope you will enjoy this chapter. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Tarkin of clan Hux has gone to rest”. The old raven’s voice echoed through the dank gloom of the Hall of Visions. It sounded like brittle books and hidden daggers, and it could rise to volumes loud enough to silence the thunder. But for now it spoke with an oily kind of gentleness, like a stern grandparent to an unruly but beloved child. “Your time has come, little hatchling. To the south you must go, and swear yourself to the warchief whose hair is blood and mind a sword. He shows great promise, and he is loyal to the Gods. None more worthy of wielding your powers. Leave at once.” Rising from his kneeling position, Kylo Ren nodded and turned around. “One more thing, my little one,” the voice added. Ren stilled, head bowed, waiting. “Remember that no one is to see your face before your warchief has welcomed you into his nest. Wear the mask. Kill anyone who dares gaze upon a Knight of Ren without due permission.” Ren bowed slightly in acknowledgement, before leaving the Hall behind him – possibly forever. Crows were meant to fly far and wide, and the winds were calling for his wings to spread. An hour later, the lone figure walked out the main gates of the citadel, his black robes drawn tight around him to protect against the never ending cold of the north. His only company on this journey was his horse – coat as black as its master’s, and temper twice as foul – and a raven. The bird was not black, instead it had a coat a yellowish white, its eyes a curious pinkish red, which stood out against the rest. But it was a large bird, impressively so, and one look at the talons currently burying themselves in Ren’s left shoulder should be enough to warn anyone against trying to make it do anything it did not wish to do. Ren’s luggage was modest; a few spare robes, some books, a few cases of herbs and seeds, some potions, ink and pens, and the customary ceremonial daggers and sickle. He also carried a sword. It was a simple design, showing clear signs of having been well put to use – serving as a reminder that Crows served the Goddess of war to the same degree as they served all others. Anything else the Crow would need, his new lord and master would provide. It was the way of things. Just as it was that the journey to a new home would always be carried out fasting. Every morning and evening would be given to meditations, rituals, and sacrifice, to seek visions and knowledge about the future ahead so that the Crow would not take up residence in his new nest unprepared. In the distance behind him, Ren could hear the massive gates close. For a moment, his vision tinted red, the smell of blood and the sound of angry screams echoed through his mind, nearly bringing him to his knees. It was not a vision, but a memory. He had been a wee slip of a lad, fifteen winters old, when he had taken leave of the Doves, the servants of the God of Mornings, the blood of innocents colouring his grey robes a deep scarlet. It had clung to his skin for weeks afterwards, even after the Crows found him and took him in – they had been waiting for him, they’d said. The great old Raven himself had waited for him to come home to them. The great old Raven called Snoke. Ren could only ever reply that he knew. He knew they’d find him. He knew Snoke waited for him. He knew these things, and had always done so. Ren was not a Dove. Ren was a Crow from the moment of his birth. He was not a good man. Crows didn’t need to be. They needed to hear the Gods, and Ren did. Too well, sometimes. There was a past connected to the body he inhabited, yes, but the person of that past was as dead as those younglings. Bringing himself out of the memory, Ren focused on the horizon. Now was not the time to dwell on the past. He felt the pull in his heart of a clan in need of guidance, a warchief in need of council, a world in need of order, a flock of birds waiting for his call. The Gods had chosen him, and so he obeyed. The House of Night gradually disappeared from the horizon behind him. He was no longer a hatchling, under the guidance of those older than him, with his hands tied down by traditions of mentorship and obedience. He was a Crow, and he had finally taken flight. ~*~ Hux had known that there would likely be harsh winds to endure in the weeks to follow Tarkin’s death, but that it would reach this level of absurdity was simply infuriating. Five weeks now, had his old Crow been at the Hall of the Ancestors. For four of them, Hux had been shedding blood, sleeping in his armour, and keeping a steely grip on the morale of his subjects. Apparently, three neighbouring clans had all come together against their common enemy: clan Hux. They had been driven to retreat now, but Hux wanted to make a point by mounting their heads on spikes in front of his main gates – a warning to others what would happen if you attacked a clan bowing to the Gods of the First Order. The old religion was alive and well, and the Gods favoured them. Hux would see to it that no one would go untold about the power of the old ways. At the moment, he was back at his castle, pouring over maps and charts, and debating with Phasma and his officers about whether or not it would be worth attempting to invade three clan territories at once. They did have enough people to set the plan in motion, short term. The question was how the long term planning should be handled. Was there enough reward in it to risk breaking the army in three without a Crow there to ensure their safety? Could they do it? Should they? It had never been done before. There had always been a Crow at Skye Castle. There had always been Tarkin’s sharp eyes and keen instincts, and now… It was like staring out at the open sea, trying to guess the depth of it. Campaigns like this could go on for months, if not years, and though it was still early summer now the winters were merciless in their cold and heavy snowfall. Hux had not become first among the warchiefs of the northern regions by being an impulsive fool, and he had no intent to start now. Planning was always key. Planning and calculating was how they won. Battle always followed its own logic, but the long run… that came down to which warchief had made the best plan. There was something in the air, though. Like a ripple, a whisper; a feeling of something approaching, of changes in the winds. It made the hair on Hux’ body stand, made him uneasy and fighting back the urge to constantly look over his shoulder. It felt ominous, it felt powerful, it felt like the Gods were coming down from their halls to mingle with the mortals. He could tell that others felt it, too. Phasma was uncharacteristically twitchy, her blue eyes darting to any slightest little sound or movement, and Mitaka – poor, unfortunate Mitaka the Scribe – looked like he was about to burst into tears at any moment. The guards held their weapons tightly, and the little ones seemed to have abandoned the courtyard to go play in safer places. Yes, something was definitely coming. Or, someone . Midnight found the warchief alone at a desk in his private room. A large cup of heated wine was placed next to a thick scroll of parchment, tightly rolled together, and sealed with a simple lump of wax. The old man had given it to Hux a few days before his death, asking that he studied it carefully before the arrival of the new Crow. It had seemed strange at the time, and Hux had put it aside for later. Then, after the funeral time had been in short supply. But now, he supposed, it was indeed the right time. Hux had grown up with Tarkin. As had his father, and neither his grandfather nor the old Crow had never spoken about just how it felt to have a new Crow enter one’s land, or what to do when one did. Tarkin had left directions in the scroll about the bonding ceremony, the public rituals as well as the rituals meant only for the warchief and the Crow. When Hux had asked why it was necessary, since he had already gone through it with Tarkin, and thus knew the procedure – the old man had smiled and patted him on the head as if he was a little one again. It was not the same, he had said. Hux had come to power in a land that already listened to Tarkin. Their bonding was symbolic, a mere formality, seeing as they were both already loyal to the clan and the land itself – they were already a unity. A new Crow was a new era, a whole new world. That unity must come about in strict accordance with the ancient laws of chieftains and Crows, and Hux knew nothing about that yet. As he read through the surprisingly large number of instructions and rules, Hux was struck by the level of intimacy of it all. Some of these rituals… Was this the sort of things Crows actually did? He started to understand why his grandfather and Tarkin never spoke about the bonding rituals. He also started to understand why Tarkin had taken his grandfather’s death so harshly – leaving the clan for some weeks to go back up north, leaving a temporary Crow in charge. This was meant to form a bond closer than marriage. Hux could readily admit that marriage was not something he could claim much knowledge of. Two wives had he been bonded to, one died in childbirth, the other fell in battle. Neither marriage had lasted longer than two winters. This was a harsh land, and his people had always known that Death takes whom she wishes, when she wishes, and no mortal wield power enough to stop her. Hux still had his children, both of them as healthy as could be, and knew better than to scoff at such a blessing. It was a problem for a later day which one would be his successor; his son Caélin, or his daughter Mara. At nine years of age, both of them were too small to be of any help in the present situation. If anything they were a liability, and so they had been sent off to the coast while their father focused on the on-going war. No, Hux didn’t know much about the art of marriage, but he decided that it might be a good thing under present circumstances. He didn’t even know if the new Crow would be a man or a woman, and so it was a waste of time trying to come up with a strategy for handling the new child of the Gods. Putting the scroll to the side, a movement caught his eye, and he turned to see what it was. Perched on the window ledge was a bird. It was a raven, Hux realized after a moment. A white raven. He had never seen such a thing in his life, and before he knew it he was carefully approaching the creature. It peered at him with its strange, rose coloured eyes, not seeming the slightest bit intimidated by the red-haired man. If anything, Hux realized to his utter dismay, it looked rather pleased with itself. Then it leapt into the air, yanked a tuft of hair right off of Hux’ head, and flew off to instead perch itself on the parapet over the main gate. It fixed the warchief with a smug sort of stare, and then hopped a bit to each side, flying back up towards his window and then back down, settling on the parapet again. “You steal my hair, and now you want me to follow you,” he scoffed. The raven seemed to have heard him, and gave an awkward little bow. “Stay there. I shall be there shortly.” This was certainly not like any scenario Tarkin had written about, but a raven seeking him out… it simply could not be anything other than a message. His Crow had finally arrived, and it was time to bring him into the nest so that some order may be restored to this land. Nothing to be done, he supposed, other than to follow it. Strapping a sword to his waist and pulling a thick woollen cloak over his shoulders, he left his room and headed down towards the gates. To his surprise, the raven did not fly towards the field, but instead made its way towards the grove. Hux had never been there before, though he knew very well where it was located. The grove was sacred, too. You had to be given permission to enter the small clearing in the middle of it; only the Crow could come and go as they pleased. It was a frightening place, even for a grown man and experienced warrior like Hux. The trees were old, crooked, dark. Many lives had ended hanging from these trees. Many Crows had sat here for days on end, chasing visions and fighting battles mere mortals could never understand. There was a strange moss growing over heavy trunks and skeleton-like branches, looking like the torn wrappings of the long since dead. The ground was covered in fallen leaves and thick undergrowth, dampening all sounds until the silence became almost too much. But the most eerie part was the feeling of being watched. It was as if the trees had minds and eyes of their own, watching him as he made his way down a barely visible trail. A caw was heard, then another, and another, until the trees seemed to have come alive for all the noise and movement within their thick crowns. The white raven was heading for a source of light in the middle of what had to be the clearing, no longer appearing to care whether or not Hux followed. He supposed it made sense; if he tried turning back now, he would probably find himself lost. The only way was forward, towards that flickering light. He stopped at the edge of the trees, careful not to take a step onto the sacred ground without permission. The rest of the land may be his, but this clearing belonged to the midnight clad ones. He was an intruder here, and he would not shame himself by acting out of his place. In the middle of the clearing, just in front of the large stone slab that was the old altar, a small fire burned. The white raven sat on top of the altar, tilting its head to the side as it observed him. Hux hardly noticed it anymore, despite how glaringly it stood out against the darkness. He had his gaze fixed at the hooded figure standing by the fire with their back towards Hux. They were of an impressive build, the warchief noticed. Tall, broad over the shoulders and chest, arms that looked more suited to holding the weight of a sword than books and potions, and a posture of someone who would not hesitate to commit the most brutal acts of violence. Was this a Crow or a berserker? “Do you intend to stare at me all night, warchief?” the figure asked and turned their head, revealing not a face but a mask. “Or will you join me by the fire and welcome me into your nest?” Their voice was deep, dispassionate, but pleasing to the ear despite the distortion caused by the mask. “I do not make a habit of stepping on sacred ground without permission, Crow,” he said, remaining in place. “If the Gods demand you give me their permission, then I will obey them.” The Crow tilted their head a little, like a curious beast, before giving a curt nod. “The Gods welcome you in their home, warchief Hux,” they said. “For tonight this ground is yours.” Hux finally stepped into the clearing, noticing that the air felt different here, warmer, and not just because of the fire. There was peace here, a sanctuary. Standing across from the Crow, Hux them a more thorough inspection, and was immediately annoyed by the mask. Tarkin never wore a mask, except for his own protection during the occasional epidemics, but those masks looked nothing like this one. It seemed, in fact, to be a helmet, not a mask at all. Hux wanted it gone. The figure in front of him gave a sigh. “I cannot take it off until you have declared me your Crow,” they said. “It is forbidden by our laws.” “How did you know my thoughts?” Hux questioned, slightly shocked. “Do Crows read minds, too?” “Sometimes,” the other admitted. “But there is no need with you, warchief. You think very… loudly.” Hux was quite offended by this new information. So the Crows could simply pluck people’s thoughts out of their heads. It wasn’t a mere story meant to scare little ones into behaving, it was a real power given to these creatures. How bothersome. The Crow scoffed. “Well?” Straightening himself up to his full height, Hux looked the Crow right in what he assumed to be their eyes, making sure to emanate as regal an aura as he could. “I Braith, son of Brendol, warchief of clan Hux, ruler of the lands around our feet, and son of the First Order, hereby declare that my nest is empty, my skies void of the sound of wings, and my ears in dire need of the songs of Crows. Speak your name, Crow, and state your purpose.” The Knight wasted no time in giving the traditional reply, his voice level and relaxed as he spoke the ancient phrases. “I, Kylo Ren of the House of Night, son of no one, master of the Knights of Ren, have seen an empty nest, a sky void of the sound of wings, and ears in dire need of the songs of Crows. I come to pledge my life to the warchief with hair like blood, and a mind like a sword. I seek to belong to my master, and to be wielded as he sees fit.” Hux had flinched at the words ‘Knights of Ren’, remembering Tarkin’s warnings from his youth. A Knight. The Gods had sent him a Knight. A blessing and a curse, life and death, healing and pain, all pressed together into one black clad body. Managing to tear himself out of his shocked stare, he took a deep breath, motioning for the Crow to kneel in front of him, and placed a hand on his helmet-covered head. “Before the Gods of this grove, I declare you the Crow of Skye Castle. May your wings never break under my care, may your sword never lack a target, and may the Gods bless you with many years in our halls.” The Crow, Ren, stood back up, reaching for the straps keeping his helmet in place. Hux had prepared himself for many things; ugliness, disfigurement, a trick. But he had not prepared himself for what he did find when Ren pulled off the mask, and set it down on the altar next to him. He was so young . Dark hair, almost as black as his robes, falling in large, thick waves and curls around an angular, sharp face. He had a large nose, fuller lips than many women Hux had seen, and a starry sky of birthmarks dotting his skin. But it was his eyes that did Hux in: dark as the bottomless pools of the Naboo region, and so hurt . So terribly haunted and old in such a young face that it made Hux’ heart tighten. He was the single most beautiful thing Hux had ever seen. His Crow. His Knight. His . He would see the world burn to ashes before he let anyone hurt his Crow. He would tear anyone apart who dared threaten him. Kylo Ren belonged to him now. Hux always took care of his belongings. Notes: Yes, Hux has children. Will they be a part of the story? Don't know yet. He probably comes off a bit... uninterested in the children, but there is a reason for that. In our world, the whole marriage based on love and parents loving and caring for their children is a fairly recent development. During the middle ages and all the way up until around the seventeenth century both marriage and parenthood was about social and financial security more than anything else. A lot of children died in infancy or early childhood, it was simply the way it was. Parents generally only gave their firstborns any kind of parental attention whereas the rest were usually given off to wet nurses. I am going with that same thing here. Hux is proud of his children - having a set of twins that survives both birth and infancy is quite the achievement - but the task of raising them is someone else's. It is not expected of him to spend more time with them than what is necessary during festivals and travels. He cares for them, of course, but until they're adults he doesn't really have any use for them. Kylo Ren has a white raven, because he's special like that. It has a name, and so does the horse, but I haven't quite figured them out yet. Suggestions are welcome^^ As you probably noticed, Ren is a bit more.. eh, calm, than usual, and that's on purpose. I'm trying to angle him a bit more towards the "having practiced strict discipline and meditation his whole life"-bit, than "Refuses to listen and snarls at everyone"-bit. Because he is a grown man, he is the leader of what is essentially the elite group among the crows, and he has so much raw power crawling around inside him that is he didn't have any self control he'd spontaneously combust. But fret not! There will be sass, and there will be snark, and there will be Ren throwing epic fits of rage. Because of course there will. It's Kylo Ren. Also, yes, I decided to go with the "Ren killed all the younglings"-trope, even though it's never stated in the movie that he did. I haven't read the books, so I consider the movies canon, in case you're wondering. But that bit fits where I want to go with this story, so I putting it in here. Like I said in the previous chapter, if you have any questions about stuff in the fic, don't hesitate to poke me, and I'll try to answer them to the best of my ability. Until next time, may the Force be with you.^^ EDIT: Some formatting bits got eaten during upload, but it should be fixed now. Chapter 3 : A Crow at Skye Castle Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux lead the way back up the steep road to the castle, Ren following him without hesitation, having gathered his few belongings and coaxed a monster of a horse out from the shadows behind the altar with a gentleness that both surprised an impressed the warchief. Apparently, the animal had been sleeping and was very displeased about being woken up again, which it demonstrated by attempting to bite Ren’s left ear off. Ren simply stared it into submission, and smiled when the beast grunted at him. It was almost as if… as if Ren could understand what the horse said. The horse’s name was Askr, the Crow had said, and Hux would do best to keep his distance. He did not trust humans, and would not hesitate to kick or bite anyone who wasn’t Ren. The warchief remarked that he actually seemed quite happy to bite Ren, too, to which the Crow had given a crooked kind of smile. The raven, which had for some reason decided to perch itself on Hux’s shoulder while they walked, was called Eira, and she was terribly fond of the colour red – which was probably the reason for her apparent affection for the warchief. Of all the scenarios Hux had pictured, leading his Crow back from the sacred grove in the middle of the night, with a white raven and a giant, ugly horse in tow had not been one. Neither of them spoke during the walk. Hux was still trying to make sense of the way his entire reality had changed shape during the relatively short time they had spent in each other’s company. It seemed the Knights did indeed warp the fabrics of the world around them, and Hux needed to organize his thoughts before they went through the formal bonding ceremonies. Ren would probably need some time, too. He looked tired, worn. He looked like he had been using his last strength to hold himself together long enough not to embarrass himself in front of his new master, but was now rapidly losing that strength. Well, Tark- no, Ren’s rooms were located in the tower of the warchief’s private wing of the castle, and they had been cleared of the old man’s personal belongings weeks ago, so Ren would not have to worry about anything other than making it up the stairs. He’d find his Crow some food as soon as they got inside, and then he would see to it that he could rest undisturbed by the other inhabitants of the castle. Never let it be said that Braith Hux neglected a gift from the Gods. Never let it be said that a Crow would be uncared for in this nest. As they approached the gates, Hux could see that they were open, and that a large amount of people was restlessly moving about on the centre courtyard – torches lit, and weapons gleaming. Phasma’s proud figure appeared, and she seemed to have spotted him, for she wasted no time in approaching him – walking across the bridge with a grim face. “Hux, what manner of demons got into your head to make you leave the castle, during bloody war, with no one to escort you? Are you mad?” Hux would have gutted anyone else who spoke to him in such a way, but Phasma had never cared much about the title he bore. After all, they had grown up together, and through the years he had come to greatly appreciate her bluntness. It kept his head clear and his mind focused. “When the Gods call, I obey, Phasma,” he said, gesturing towards Ren who stood a few steps behind him, looking somewhat intimidated by the growing crowd pouring out through the gates and filling the entire bridge. He was obviously not used to people, this one. “The Gods favour us still,” he said to his gathered clansmen. “Skye Castle is no longer without a Crow, and since you are all up, you may start preparing the feast for tomorrow. I believe this calls for a celebration.” The cheers that erupted following his statement were positively deafening as they echoed over the gorge separating the castle from the surrounding lands. A Crow. A new child of the Gods had finally been sent here to bring balance back into the lands. The information seemed to spread like seeds to the winds, and all over the castle people were waking up and coming to witness this moment. Everyone seemed to want to come as close to the Crow as possible, to touch his robes, his face, to hold his hands. This did apparently not sit very well with Ren, who seemed mostly to want to fade into Askr’s fur. He had his hood drawn up, obscuring most of his face, but Hux didn’t need to see it to understand that this could erupt completely very soon if he did not stop it. So stop it he did. “Clansmen!” he called, irritation clear in his voice. “What manner of childish behaviour is this? You do not touch a Crow without his permission, and I cannot recall having heard him give it.” He stared them down, making them back away by the sheer force of his glare. “Your Crow has travelled many weeks to come here, with little sleep and even less food. Can you not see that he needs rest? There will be time for greetings come morning, and I expect you all to behave appropriately – or there will be consequences.” His people seemed to melt away like mists under the summer sun, allowing the warchief and Crow plenty of room to walk past them into the courtyard. A stable-boy took the Askr’s reins from Ren before he had time to warn him about the horse’s personality, and some of Hux’s warriors made quick work of taking the chests and bags hanging from the saddle and scurrying towards the east wing. Ren hated it when people touched his belongings, but now would not be a good time to protest. There were proper ways to handle these things, and putting pain onto his master’s warriors over his few possessions before he had even nested was not one of them. Hux motioned for him to follow, and so he did – glad to escape the crowded place. He wasn’t used to being around so much people. The House of Night, although capable of housing a lesser army, was rarely inhabited by more than a hundred or so people at the time, and they were for the most part training or studying the ways of the Force. It was always dark and quiet, peaceful in its own way. The Crows who had not been sent to serve a master usually wandered far and wide, in small groups of one or two masters and no more than three hatchlings under their wings. It was not a very social life, and so Ren found himself feeling somewhat overwhelmed. It was embarrassing. He knew clan Hux was one of the largest of the northern regions, but he had not realized how many of them actually lived in one place. A part of him wished he’d stayed in the grove instead of making a fool out of himself by behaving like a skittish hatchling at their first sacrifice. He had to admit to himself, though, that Skye Castle was an impressive sight to behold – nestled high among the cliffs of Mount Starkiller, with only one road leading up to its main gates. The outer walls, pale enough in colour to be nearly white, had been built to fuse seamlessly with the naturals rocks overlooking a dauntingly high precipice. Briefly, Ren couldn’t help but wondering how long it would take for a man to hit the ground if he fell from one of the parapets. Long enough for the death to be considered anything but swift and merciful – that much was certain. He saw four massive towers, obviously intended primarily as housing – if the expensive glass windows and lack of parapets was anything to go by – and was pleased to realize the castle would have view of both the sunrise and sunset from nearly any window facing outwards toward the woods and plains. This would make his work much easier, since he would not have to go wandering, or, Gods forbid, make guesses to find the right light or the right angles he needed to know for certain ceremonies. There was an impressive number of smaller towers, nooks and crannies, scattered about on the roofs of the many buildings, and judging by the excited caws coming from everywhere in the sky above them, the birds approved of their new home. This was a good thing. A castle without proper nesting spaces for the Crow’s birds was not a castle in which a Crow would want to make their home. The birds were their everything, and history came with plenty of stories of Crows either leaving their masters or making brutal examples of them when they had failed to respect the importance of the birds with which the Crows shared their lives and souls. It carried the death penalty, all over the North, to kill a bird belonging to a Crow, and the one to deal that death would always be the Crow themselves. It would not be a kind death. But Skye Castle had plenty of room, and Ren could hear the happiness in the caws as the birds explored their new nesting ground. If the towers had looked massive from the outside, it was nothing compared to the inside. As Hux led him up a spiralling staircase, interrupted on each floor by doors leading into unknown rooms on landings with large sitting areas, furnished with bookshelves and working tables, Ren started to realize that everything in this tower were things you’d find in the working space of any self respecting Crow. The tower was his. All his. It was bigger than the entire barrack where he and the other Knights had previously made their home – bunks, workstations and all. At the top of the stairs was another landing – bigger this time, featuring what was quite obviously a waiting area: some benches and a table sat against the stone railing, a few furs spread out over the wooden surfaces of the benches to make sitting more comfortable, but not enough so that one would be tempted to linger. A massive door, in beautifully carved wood, sat directly across from the stairs, and the warchief approached it, waiting for Ren to come closer before he put his hand on the dark wood. The Crow noticed with some mild surprise that the warchief seemed nervous. Tilting his head a bit, he looked at his new master, who apparently realized that the other had seen through his calm façade. “This entire tower is yours,” Hux said. “If you want to put a door in at the bottom of the stairs, you can. Tarkin had it removed when he was young – apparently he kept walking into it late at night.” He scratched his beard awkwardly. “And these here are your rooms. I… I haven’t been in here since Tarkin died, but I’ve been assured they’ve been properly cleaned out and made ready for you. I don’t know what the living accommodations are like where you’re from, but I hope this will suffice.” With that, he opened the door – which opened outwards, Ren noted – and led the way into the rooms. Plural . Ren had never had a room to himself before, let alone more than one. Once he stepped inside, he could do little but just stand and look, like some village idiot. There was so much space in here, and the light! It may be past midnight now, but the light in here would be absolutely beautiful in the daytime. Eventually, he remembered how to move, and slowly made his way around his new nest. The room they had entered was obviously some sort of combined sitting and work area. Padded benches stood under the two windows, comfortable arm-chairs in front of the large fireplace, and a desk tucked away in a corner where the lighting conditions would be optimal for as many hours as possible. The floor was covered in thick carpets and more furs, and small tables and more shelves were put in strategic places. The chandelier hanging from the high ceiling was made from stag horns, he noticed, and the smaller ones scattered about the room from iron. The room to the right seemed like a prayer answered: the only furniture in there were floor to ceiling bookshelves, work benches, and a few chairs. Long rods to hang herbs to dry from hung from chains from one end of the room to the other, and a large collection of empty jars, bottles and glass vessels stood ready to be used on the large table in the centre. This room, too, had a window. A rather large window. A small fireplace occupied a corner – close enough for when he needed it for something, but not so close that he’d run the risk of any accidents. Walking back through the middle room, Ren had to pause for a moment before he could open the door to the room on the left hand side of the tower. He was frightfully tired and exhausted, and this was all so much for him to take in – he did not wish to somehow insult his new master by reacting inappropriately. Opening the door, he found himself stepping into a bedroom larger than his entire living and working space back at the House. Of course, he knew that this was most likely some sort of standard size room for people of a certain standing in the clan, and that the warchief probably had this much space for his clothes alone, but to Ren this was massive . Again, a window on his right caught his attention immediately. The sun would hit this room in the morning, before moving through the other rooms over the course of the day. The next thing that caught his eye was the bed. It was the single biggest bed Ren had ever seen. He was fairly sure it could fit at least four people in it without feeling the least bit crowded. It had four posters, holding up heavy red drapes, and it stood in the centre of the room like it was the centre of the very universe. It looked incredibly comfortable, Ren realized with no small amount of alarm, and he had to steel himself in order to not simply walk over and collapse on top of it right in front of Hux. His personal belongings had been carefully deposited on the floor next to the bed and on some large chests standing by the walls. This room had soft rugs and furs all over the floor, too, and he felt warm inside when he noticed that the windows could all be opened – meaning he could let Eira come and go as she pleased for at least most of the year. Hux had watched his young Crow inspect his rooms with a growing sense of pride. Tarkin never spoke much about the House of Night, saying it wasn’t his to speak of anymore, and so no one at Skye Castle really knew what living standards the Crows were used to, and the last thing clan Hux wished for was to insult their new Crow by giving him rooms below his standard. It would be a severe hit to their reputation, and it may be enough for the Crow to leave. They could always build bigger rooms, in fact, they were required to do so by the sacred laws – no matter the cost or inconvenience to other clansmen – but it would still mean that the Crow would have to live somewhere else in the meantime. To say Hux had been nervous about showing Ren the tower and rooms would have been a blatant understatement. But when he saw the emotions playing over the younger man’s face, he knew there had never been a reason to fret. Ren’s face was incredibly expressive, those dark eyes seemed to be revealing near every thought that went through his head, and what Hux saw filled him with both pride and something more… fierce . It was embarrassingly obvious that Ren had never had this type of luxury in his life. The way he stopped and just stared when he entered the sitting room, the reverent way he’d run his hands over the workbenches and window glass… Not to mention the look in his eyes now as he stared at his bed – it told Hux that his young Crow would need a little time to get used to the idea of actually owning something. It made also made him want to give him everything he’d ever want, so he would always know that Hux would take care of him, that he was treasured here – that he was no mere tool for the clan and their warchief. “As I said, this tower is all yours now,” Hux said, a hint of a smile tugging at his mouth as the Crow tried to school his expression into something less shocked. “I’ll show you the cellar levels tomorrow. That’s where the baths are located. You’re sharing with me, which I hope you won’t mind, but no one else is allowed there. People here know better than to invade the privacy of the Crow, despite their behaviour earlier.” Ren swallowed awkwardly, eyes fixed on the floor. This was too much. What was he supposed to do with all this space? How could all of this possibly be all his? “I… This…” He swallowed again, trying to find something at least somewhat coherent to say. “I’m not really used to this,” he finally managed, hoping Hux would not pry further right now. “I just… Thank you.” The warchief put a hand on his shoulder, and Ren was proud of himself for not flinching. It would be a difficult lesson, that. Re-learning that not every touch is a threat. He looked up, right into those sharp, green eyes, and noticed that Hux was almost as tall as he was. There was warmth in those eyes, he noticed. It was closely guarded, but it was there. This man obviously cared for his people, and Ren felt thankful for having ended up here. “Don’t thank me,” Hux said. “We care for our Crows here at Skye Castle. You deserve everything you have been given, and everything you will be given in the years to come.” He looked out the window, seeing a small sliver of light at the horizon. “But I know you must be exhausted now, having travelled so far only to be run over by our clan before you even got inside the walls. Rest now, and I shall come get you tomorrow so you may be given a proper tour of this place before every one and their cousin wants a moment of your time. I’ll bring breakfast.” “T-thank you, my lord, but you really don’t-” Ren began, horrified by the thought of his warchief bringing him breakfast like some servant. Had he given such a bad impression? Hux held up a hand, effectively shutting him up. “I do it because I want to, my young Crow,” he said simply. “Showing you around is part of my duty, according to the laws and traditions, as I am sure you know.” He raised an eyebrow in question, and Ren gave a short nod. “But, I also hate having breakfast alone, and since my quarters are right next to your stairs it’s hardly a bother to walk a few extra steps. You might as well get used to it, Ren. We will be sharing most of our meals from hereon out. Now get some rest, my Crow. The Gods know you deserve it.” With that, he turned and walked towards the door, closing it gently behind himself. Ren stood frozen in the same place until his Force-enhanced hearing picked up the sounds of the warchief’s feet heading down the stairs. Eira gave a small caw, from where she had perched herself on top of one of the bedposts. “A strong one, our new leader, Ren” her voice sounded in his head. “A good nest, this. The flocks are happy.” “I’m glad to hear that,” Ren said as he began the slow process of ridding himself of the outer layers of his clothing. “When you wake up, you can tell them that they can go exploring if they want to.” “Good. They’ve almost missed nesting season. The females don’t like that much. Won’t be many hatchlings this year.” Ren sighed. “I know,” he said, reaching up and scratching her gently under the chin, before he went on to remove his boots, and the outer robe. “But these things never happen when it’s ideal. They happen when they are meant to happen. At least now they’ll have a whole year to work on their nests before next season.” “Aye. You need to speak to your Raven. Tell him you’ve nested with the red one.” “I’ve nested, alright,” Ren said. “But not with the red one. That’s not how we say it. I’ve moved into the red one’s nest. There’s a difference in meaning there.” “All sounds like nesting to me.” “Eira!” “Yes, O sensitive one?” “Just… go to sleep. Please. I am far too tired to debate language with you and your filthy mind right now.” He could hear Eira’s laughter in his head, and couldn’t help but smile as he crept under one of the blankets adorning the bed – not wanting to get five weeks worth of traveling filth in his bed, but far too tired to bother removing his tunic and trousers. He was asleep before his head hit the pillows. ~*~ Hux sunk down by his desk when he arrived back in his rooms – his head a maelstrom of thoughts and emotions, strange impulses and needs, most of which he had not been entirely prepared for. Tarkin had warned him in the scroll, indeed he had, about the first meeting usually being a rather overwhelming affair – but Hux had never thought it would feel quite like this . A few hours ago, he had been pondering the new Crow as a situation he needed to plan for, lay out the proper tactic for befriending him and establish his authority over the midnight clad one. He had been building plans and back up plans, in case they got off on a bad start, in case the Crow was the type to wander off on his own business rather than work alongside Hux. He had thought about every possible way some other clan might try to harm the Crow, or win him over. Hux had, essentially – and to his own, immense shame – treated the thought of a new Crow in his castle as both some manner of military campaign and possible threat against his clan and his leadership. Now though… Now Hux simply could not imagine any single direction his life could take that did not involve having Ren by his side for every waking moment of his days. The young Crow stirred things inside the warchief’s hardened soul; a fire, a need to keep and protect. Also, a surprisingly strong wish to see what that young face would look like mid-battle, blood-stained and sweaty, smiling in triumph at the corpses of his slain enemies. It took one to know one, and Hux knew a warrior when he saw one – midnight robes or not. When Ren walked out to battle with him…. Oh, it would be the stuff of songs and legends both. His Crow would paint the world red and black, and Hux would enjoy every second – he knew it. He would have to study the scroll closer before he went to wake Ren up, to make sure there were no details he had missed regarding their first meal together. The Crow was not allowed red meat, that much he knew from having grown up with Tarkin. Or was it just pork? What else was it? Running a hand through his hair, Hux sighed. He was much too tired for this now. It was better to have a few hours of sleep, and then have a look at the details. He’d rather not accidentally make the Crow ill on the very first day. “Handling a pregnant woman and two screaming little ones was easier than this,” he grumbled to himself. “At least they won’t feed your heart to the Goddess of death if you insult them.” As soon as he’d said it, he felt shame. He never was a very pleasant man when he was tired, but sitting here complaining about the Crow’s dietary restrictions when he was lucky enough to even have a new Crow was a new low. From what he’d seen so far, it was more likely that Ren would apologize for being sick than grabbing his knives and making the clan leaderless. Mentally slapping himself for his disgraceful thoughts, Hux dragged himself into his own bedroom and got undressed. It wouldn’t do to be this testy during breakfast. This young Crow, so obviously feeling both lost and overwhelmed, needed Hux’ care. He needed to show the younger man that he could trust his warchief to always take care of him – otherwise they were never going to get through the bonding ceremonies. Ren had no reason to trust Hux with his body and soul if all he got back was snark and rudeness. This was indeed going to be a challenge. Hux had never been a very gentle and kind person. Ren was the only one – apart from his children when they were very little – to have brought that particular side of him out. But the Gods had given him a Knight of Ren, and he would be damned if he would let his own shortcomings ruin things for the clan. Once he’d stripped down, he crept under the heavy blankets and furs, forcing himself to relax enough to fall asleep. The Crow was here now. A Knight of Ren had sworn himself to the service of clan Hux. Everything was going to be alright. Notes: Hiya! I'm back to the land of the living! First of all, this chapter didn't really want to cooperate with me, so I'm sorry if it came out a bit boring. But we got Ren/Hux interaction, and Ren being - in my not so humble opinion - quite adorable in all his awkwardness. Ren is overwhelmed by his new home, because he's spent most his life sharing a space about the same size as his bed with two more Knights - the entire group + their belongings and pets shared a space just about the same size as his bedroom. He is not used to the whole "I have a room designed for hanging out with people"-thing yet. A Spartan life doesn't really begin to describe the life of the Knights. Okay, so. Skye Castle. I'm going for some sort of Minas Tirith meets Helm's Deep type of thing. The castle is more of a complex of bulidings and towers and things nestled against the mountainside. The gorge is deep. Like, seriously deep. Only official way in is over the bridge. The clan, of course, have a myriad of secret stairs, tunnels and passageways leading to safety should they need them, but it's kept very secret. The landscape surrounding it is mainly broad-leaved forests; oaks, birches, maples, and those kinds of trees. There are some pine forests as well, and, naturally, quite a few fields where they can grow stuff and herd livestock. Ren's tower. Yup, he gets his own tower, because clan Hux takes Crows very seriously. The rooms on the floors below his are more or less Skye Castle's med bay. When people are wounded or sick, they stay in the tower where the Crow can keep an eye on them. For the decor, I'm borrowing loosely from around 12th-13th century Sweden (because that's where I'm from, and that's what I know), with the usual artistic liberties because sometimes I just can't make stuff work the way I want it to. Hux' rooms are bigger than Ren's. We'll get to them eventually, I promise. But they are every bit as neat and organized as one would expect from him. Hux is not the kind of person who should ever try to function with less than eight hours worth of sleep in him. I imagine he's even more unpleasant when he's hungry. Phasma is the only one who dares to tell him to shut up, stop acting like a child, and go eat something. And yeah, Ren talks to the animals. They can communicate through the Force, so most of their conversations take place inside their heads. But when they're alone, Ren does tend to talk out loud, because he doesn't like the silence very much. Eira and him are very close. She's convinced Ren should have been born a bird, and sort of considers him her hatchling. Askr doesn't like being woken up. Actually, Askr doesn't really like anything besides biting people and eating apples. And Ren. He does actually like Ren, but not when Ren does bothersome things, like waking him up, having him fitted for new shoes, making him walk places. He's a rather lazy animal. I've kicked my Tumblr back into life, so now you can ask me stuff/yell at me there! ( ficlet-machine.tumblr.com ) Again, I have no clue how links and stuff works, so yeah... Sorry 'bout that. Chapter 4 : Faces in the Smoke Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux really wished he’d kept his mouth shut, instead of going off and thinking such idiotic things as ‘everything will be alright’. He should know better at his age than to put such a challenge out before the Gods. They had certainly heard him and decided that now was as good a time as any to put his faith to the test, if the veritable forest of spears and banners working their way towards the sacred field was anything to go by. He had only had Ren in his castle for three nights, far from enough time for the Crow to recover – and definitely too soon for them to formally bond – and already the Gods were testing their commitment to the clan and each other. The situation did, however, seem to help Ren settle and overcome whatever insecurities he’d arrived carrying. Since the first sign of trouble, on the afternoon of his first day at Skye Castle, he’d done nothing but display an almost eerie amount of competence and focus. With Hux’ permission, he’d sent the birds out to scout, and when the reports started coming back he relayed them to the warchief and handed out orders and lists of things to be done as if he had been there and in charge his whole life. Kylo Ren in a position of command was an impressive, intimidating, and remarkably alluring sight to behold – though Hux sincerely hoped he was the only one to feel the latter. The clan followed him with the same ease they followed Hux, and from the many looks and whispers coming from his warriors and servants, it was quite obvious that they were already quite committed to their strange new Crow. At the moment, Hux, Phasma, and Ren were standing on the parapet of one of the higher levels, a bit to the side on the outer walls, looking out over the vale below them. His captain had brought out maps and some measuring tools in order for them to come up with a counter to whatever confounded plan their enemies had put together. Above their heads, the birds moved like restless black clouds – coming and going like waves against the harsh cliffs of the coast. Ren stood next to them, as still as a statue, his eyes having an empty, distant look to them as they stared out at nothing. He was listening to the birds and to the lands. Eira was out there somewhere, leading the flocks, and Hux guessed that it was her Ren was listening to. With Phasma occupied with the maps, Hux afforded himself a moment to observe his Knight. This was all very new to him, seeing as Tarkin had never used the Force around people, blaming his mediocre talent, and he wanted to understand as much as he could about it. To Ren, the Force seemed to come as naturally as breathing, and clan Hux had already witnessed more displays of it than they had during Tarkin’s entire life here. There had been no extravagant demonstrations of complex techniques as one could have expected of someone so young – quite the opposite. Ren hardly appeared to even give it any conscious thought when he put their injured messenger to sleep with a mere gesture, before opening the doors of the great hall without even touching them as he carried the man towards the healing rooms in his tower. The sheer routine of his movements had been enough to render them all speechless. Right now, Hux had to admit that he found Ren’s abilities somewhat unnerving. He could handle doors opening and people being knocked out by unseen forces, but this… vacant staring frightened him a bit. It was like Ren wasn’t even there, like it was simply a shell modelled to look like him. The serene look on his face did nothing to help the situation at all. In that very moment, a small tremor seemed to pass through the tall frame, followed by a sharp intake of breath, and Ren’s eyes blinking back into life. He turned to look at Hux and Phasma. “Eira says their Crows thinks our flocks are Tarkin’s old birds gone rogue,” he said, voice somewhat distant, as if he was still listening. “They don’t know I’m here, and they mean to keep you under siege until they’ve starved you out enough to go in and kill you.” He made a disgusted grimace. “Those three Crows do not deserve their titles if they can’t even sense my presence. Pathetic.” There was a fire awakening in those dark eyes, and Hux found himself enjoying the view a lot more than he probably should. Peering out over the parapet, he ran a hand through his hair while he made a few calculations. “A siege, you say?” he asked. Ren nodded. “While I’ve always known those three warchief to be fools, I must admit that I’ve still given them too much credit. Skye Castle was built to withstand the very thing they intend to do to it. We could stay comfortable here for years without any problem.” He dusted some imaginary dirt off from the shoulder of his dark blue jacket, an inkling of a plan beginning to form in his mind. “You wish me to go out there and kill them,” Ren said. It wasn’t, Hux realized, really a question. The Crow had heard exactly what he had thought. Phasma looked like she was about to have a fit. “Hux, for Gods sake, you can’t send our Crow out there all on his own against three clans! He may be good, sure, but he’s still so young, and-!” Hux held up a hand, and Phasma knew better than to push the subject when the warchief did not want to hear it. He looked at Ren, who had his head tilted to the side in that peculiar, beast-like way of his. The Crow didn’t appear particularly phased by the thought of going out there and committing borderline genocide. He didn’t seem the least bit frightened at the thought of being outnumbered or alone. Hux was far more impressed by this than he let on. “I have no right to ask this of you, my Crow,” he said. “We have not yet bonded, and you are still in need of rest.” “I know.” Ren looked out into the distance. “Those so called Crows would make for a powerful sacrifice, though. The Gods do not take lightly to people bearing this title without deserving it. Ridding this land of their presence would earn us their favour. With your permission, of course, my lord.” “The Crows are all yours, Ren,” Hux said. “Along with any others who stand in your way. We will be right there with you.” He gave a menacing smile. “The warchiefs, however, are mine. I have some very entertaining plans for their heads.” Ren nodded, before heading back down towards the main building. Phasma gave her warchief a long, stern look. Disapproval was practically oozing out of every pore of her as she folded the maps together. Hux raised a brow at her clenched jaw, and motioned for her to speak. It was never wise to allow too much irritation to build up – Phasma rarely exploded, but when she did… Hux still had some scars from the day he learned that lesson. It didn’t make annoying her any less amusing, though. “There had better be a very solid and extensive plan behind this, Hux,” she said. “Because just now it sounded like you intend to let our new Crow – who hardly looks like he’s past his twentieth winter – just walk down to the field alone and capture three enemy Crows. For someone so adamantly against harming Crows, you seem awfully keen on sending ours on a suicide mission. Did he offend you or something? There is simply no way that he can pull that off! No Crow is strong enough to take on that many-!” “Phasma.” The calm in his voice threw her off completely. “Haven’t you realized it yet?” “Realized what?” “Why his last name is ‘Ren’.” Phasma’s eyes grew wide as she slowly put the pieces together. “You mean that…!” “Our Crow is a Knight of Ren.” Hux looked back out over the vale and the forest of spears covering the grounds near his sacred field. “He’s a son of Death, and if I let him, I have no doubt that he will slaughter every last man and woman on that field. He needs to kill, Phasma. And our clan needs to know that their new Crow really is as powerful as they hope he is. But he won’t be going alone. I think I know exactly how to turn this whole mess into another victory. It will be bloody, but it will be worth it to put an end to this confounded war.” “Prisoners?” “Only the ones Ren wants for his sacrifices. We’ve got the summer solstice coming up soon. I imagine our Crow will be wanting to make a statement. Slaughter the rest.” The grin Phasma awarded him was positively feral. ~*~ The next morning, a little after dawn, Hux arrived at the Crow’s rooms just before the servants came with their breakfast. Ren himself stood where he always stood, by the window, looking out at the vale – that vacant look in his eyes again. Eira was asleep on his shoulder, her head tucked safely under a wing. It amused Hux how the giant bird still looked so small perched on Ren’s broad shoulders. She was obviously very attached to her master, and it appeared that Ren would rather not go anywhere without her either. It had been the cause of some confused looks and raised eyebrows among the men when they had gotten a glimpse at the pair and their interactions. The most menacing look on Ren’s face could soften so quickly at the slightest little noise from the raven, and he spoke to her as if she was human, sharing his food with her, and even allowing her to groom his thick hair while he was busy with other things. One day, Hux would very much like to know how Eira came into his care. He was sure it would be an interesting tale indeed. The servant came in, carrying trays of food for them both, and Hux hurried to hush at them before they could utter any cheery greetings. One of the servants had done that the previous morning, startling the Crow enough that he had thrown the poor man out of the room by means of the Force before he even knew what he was doing. Ren had quite obviously expected Hux to be angry with him, to punish him. The Knight had seemed afraid, and it had sent shivers of unease down the warchief’s spine. What in the Gods names had he been taught to expect from his master? Corporal punishments for the slightest mishaps? Hux certainly hoped not. It had taken more than an hour for them to actually get around to eating their breakfast. Ren had taken care of the injured servant first, of course, and then Hux had spent a good while trying to assure his Crow that they followed the laws here at the castle. Ren was a Crow, and while there were certainly warchiefs out there with more ego than devotion, that would go against the Gods and hurt their Crows, Hux would rather die than do anything of the sort. Besides, the servant really had no business being so obnoxiously loud so early in the morning. Ushering them out with a quiet ‘thank you’, Hux sat down in one of the two armchairs by the fireplace and waited. A few moments later, Ren seemed to land back in himself, blinking a few times before turning to face his master. After gently setting Eira down on one of the benches, he strode over and sat down as well. “Have you been standing by that window all night?” Hux asked while pouring them both some tea. Ren blushed slightly, but shook his head. “I always get up early,” he said. “Eira likes to look at the sunrise before she goes to wake up the flocks.” Hux quirked an eyebrow at that. “Am I to understand that your bird decides when it’s time for you to wake up?” “There were no windows,” Ren said, eyes focused on the bread he was cutting. “At the House, I mean. We were supposed to be awake, dressed, and ready for training at dawn, or we’d be punished. Without windows, we had no way of telling what time it was, but the birds always know when the sun rises. They can feel it in their blood. So they woke us up every morning, and now it’s become a habit.” He looked over at his sleeping raven. “Once I’m up, I’m up. She, on the other hand, usually goes back to sleep.” “No windows?” Hux could scarcely believe what he was hearing. “Where did you live? In the dungeons?” “Yes,” Ren shrugged, before helping himself to some cheese. Hux almost choked on his tea at the casual admittance. What in the name of-! What manner of monster kept their apprentices in the blasted dungeons? The Crow apparently didn’t think there was anything wrong with that, seeing how he could share that information and then go on eating his breakfast as if nothing happened. No wonder Ren had been so shocked at the sight of his new home, if that was what he was used to! They ate in silence for a little. Eira woke up, and wasted no time in landing on Hux’ shoulder and attempting to steal his food right out of his hands. As per Ren’s instructions from when this happened on the first morning, Hux chided her before gently but firmly grabbing the greedy bird and handing her over to Ren. The Crow let her sit on his left knee, and Hux tried not to imagine how much those talons of hers hurt as she buried them in his flesh while he fed her little bits of cheese and bread. Ren looked so at ease when it was just the three of them, smiling often, and not seeming too bothered by Hux not so subtly observing of his every move. It was only when he was around other people that Ren seemed to become awkward again, withdrawing into himself, becoming quiet and reserved. He always kept the hood of his cowl up while outside the tower, and Hux had a feeling that his Crow would much prefer to wear his helmet. It was fascinating to see all these little complexities and quirks that made Kylo Ren who he was. He seemed an endless series of contradictions, and the warchief wondered to himself whether he was ever going to be able to figure him out. He was brought out of his little reverie by Ren’s polite cough. “Uhm,” the Crow started, biting his lip. “Do you have an audience chamber here at the castle? I don’t think you showed me one the other day.” Hux had completely forgotten about that room. He nodded, somewhat embarrassed. “I completely forgot about it,” he said. “Tarkin never really used it, so we’ve all sort of forgotten it exists. It’s here in the main building, just behind the Great Hall. I can have the servants make it ready for you. There’s likely to be at least six decades of dust in there, so it might take them a little while.” “I don’t want to be a bother-” “Ren.” Hux sighed, causing the Knight to go quiet, stiff. “You’re not a bother. What in the Gods name did they teach you to make you – a Crow and a Knight of Ren – think that you can ever be a bother to me? Anything you need is yours. Be it a new building to work in, people and animals for your sacrifices, exotic ingredients from the Core Kingdoms for your potions… kriff, anything at all – I will give it to you. I am bound by the ancient laws to provide for you, and it’s a duty I carry out gladly. Your presence in my castle is the greatest gift this clan has ever been given – if anything, we should apologize for being a bother to you.” “I apologize, my lord,” Ren said, head bowed and eyes cast to the floor. “This is all so strange to me. I was raised to be a weapon, to obey my master’s every command. I wasn’t expected to…” He went quiet again, biting his lip. “You weren’t expected to what?” “To have opinions and wishes of my own.” Ren mumbled it, obviously embarrassed, and Hux’ heart ached at the sight of it. “Well, then you shall have to learn it,” he said firmly. “As your warchief, I expect you to communicate with me. I want to hear your opinions, not just on political and spiritual matters, but regarding everything. I need you to tell me what you need, when you need it, so I can see to it that it is given to you. Here, you are never going to be a mere weapon, Ren. You are my advisor, my Crow – and hopefully, with time, also my friend.” Ren stared at him for what felt like an eternity, then swallowed and nodded. “I need the audience chamber to be made ready, my lord,” he said, as steadily as he could manage. “It’s high time for me to report to the Raven. I was ordered to inform him when I had arrived and nested.” “Why not send him a bird?” Hux asked curiously. “That’s what Tarkin always did.” “The situation is different for me.” “Why?” “I’m a Knight of Ren. The Raven will always keep a closer watch on me than others. It would insult him greatly if I was to send a bird instead of speaking to him directly.” “I see.” Hux finished his tea. “Then let’s not waste time getting the chamber ready for you. I, for one, would rather not offend any children of the Gods – and certainly not their leader.” ~*~ “It took you a while, little hatchling,” the flickering smoke-shape of Snoke said. “Had it been any other, I would have sent a search party out.” Ren looked up from where he was kneeling over the small fire pit, drops of blood from a cut on his forearm hitting the burning herbs that made the smoke-shape possible. “Forgive me, master,” he said, voice dispassionate, controlled. “I arrived safely four nights ago, and my warchief has provided me with a proper nest and everything else I could possibly require.” “Then why have you not contacted me sooner, Ren?” “We are under siege, master.” Ren dared meet the Raven’s steely black gaze. “A messenger arrived here on my first day, telling us about an oncoming attack. There are currently three clans camped on the plains below the castle, intending to slaughter us all. My warchief and I have had to work day and night to take control of the situation. I swear I wasn’t putting off contacting you, master.” Snoke regarded him in silence for a moment, and Ren held his breath – waiting for a punishment for his disrespect. Eventually, Snoke nodded. “It’s hardly your fault the Gods drop a war down on your heads.” He leaned in, the smoke making up his body close enough to nearly make Ren choke. “But there is something bothering you, I can tell. Come now, boy, what is it?” “These clans, master.” Ren took a deep breath to combat his anger at the thought of it. “Their Crows can’t even sense my presence, though I have made no attempt to hide it. They believe my birds are the birds of the former Crow. We have fresh hatchlings with more sense in them than that! They are unworthy.” “Indeed.” Snoke looked thoughtful for a moment. “If they had any power worth their name they would have felt you before you even entered the lands. I cannot allow such glaring incompetence in our order, Ren. See to it that they are punished.” “I wish to use them for the great sacrifice at summer solstice, if you will allow it, master.” “Do it.” Ren nodded, relieved. Still feeling Snoke’s gaze upon him, he looked back up to find the old Raven looking at him curiously. “The summer solstice,” he mused, more to himself than Ren, it seemed. “I think it would be a fitting time for you and your warchief to bond. A bit earlier than usual, but one can never be too careful during wartimes.” “Yes, master,” Ren whispered, then cleared his throat. “I shall inform him of your decision as soon as possible.” “Good.” The smoke shape began to dissolve. “You’re so obedient, Ren. A most formidable weapon.” The presence of Snoke disappeared between one breath and another, and Ren got to his feet, reaching for the small container of water next to him and poured it over the fire. One must never let these fires keep burning – you never knew who’d be able to see and hear. He walked out of the chamber, ignoring everyone he passed on his way back to his tower. Reaching out for Eira, he found that she was with Hux, overseeing his planning, and grooming his red hair. She informed him that Hux had given her bits of sausage and salted fish, and that it was very tasty. He let her stay, glad that she, too, enjoyed the warchief’s company, and went to shut himself in his bedroom. Right now, he needed a little time to himself. The summer solstice was just three weeks away. Snoke was right, of course. It would be a perfect day to bond; one of four days a year when the borders between the realms of mortals and Gods blurred, when those with the right power and knowledge could tap into the power of the old Gods and rise above their mortal peers. It would send a very strong message. But that day was also a day marked for sacrifice. The Crows usually spent the entire time – from dawn to dawn – with their daggers in their hands, splattered from head to toe in blood, halfway into a state of trance. He had to find a way to incorporate the official bonding ceremony with the traditional sacrificial ceremonies so that he could not only fit everything in one day, but also do so without disrupting the very specific rhythm and mood that the solstice brought with it. This was not going to be easy. Especially not with the current situation demanding his full attention. Purifying that field after those bumbling idiots had camped out there was going to take a lot of blood, and for a moment Ren wished he had his Knights with him. Together, they would be able to make certain that both sacrifice and bonding went smoothly. But they were scattered across the world right now; Ren, being the eldest, was the only one who had been given a master to serve. Digging out the codex containing the laws and guidelines for all rituals and ceremonies from one of the chests, he sat cross-legged on the bed and began to go over the details for that bonding ceremony. Hux would no doubt have questions about the whole process, and Ren refused outright to stand there and sputter like some blushing maiden. He was a kriffing Crow; he was no virgin, and he had regularly carried out advanced magic and sacrificial rituals for over a decade. He had delivered children, for Gods sake! Explaining the sensual and erotic imagery of the bonding rituals should not be the least bit difficult for him. The official bonding ceremony was, if he was quite honest, really rather tame. There was some blood, yes, and some nudity, but nothing more than that. It was the private ritual between only him and Hux that was going to be a challenge. ~*~ “Does everyone understand what they are supposed to do?” Hux asked his gathered officers. Everyone nodded grimly. “Good. Then start the preparations. We attack in three days time.” One of the officers, a hefty woman with hair the same colour as Hux’ own, raised a hand, and he motioned for her to speak. “The other clans… Their Crows, what do we do with them?” she asked. “The laws forbid the harming of Crows. Surely you don’t intend to break the laws?” Hux sighed. “Didn’t you listen to a word I said, Enna?” He was not in the mood for this. “Master Ren has specifically requested that he be allowed to capture them and use them for the rituals during the solstice. It is true that none of us here have any right to harm the Crows, and I would die from wound rot a thousand times over before I break the laws, but Ren is under no such restrictions. And that, my dear aunt, is the exact reason why he will be going down to that field on his own. The Crows will try to challenge him, and it will cause the army to be distracted. It baffles me that I have to explain this to you twice!” Enna glared at him, jaw clenched, and Hux felt his mood turning more sour with every breath. “Your father would never come up with such a reckless plan!” she exclaimed, defensive now that the warchief had chastised her. “Nor would master Tarkin! He’d turn in his grave if he had one at this plan of yours! Sending a Crow, a wee lad no less, down to the fields against three clans, without even being bonded to him. It’s a disgrace, Braith-!” The back of Hux’ hand made impact against her face, sending her flying several feet. The warchief was growling as he walked over, and pulled her up by the front of her tunic. “Do not – ever – disrespect me, master Tarkin, or master Ren again,” he snarled. “You have been given your orders, and you will follow them. Your group will go in the first wave, so you can see for yourself just how badly you have just insulted our Crow and his abilities. Understood?” He glared her right in the eye, daring her to say anything. She nodded frantically. “Good,” he said, almost sweetly. “Now, if you ever compare me to my useless coward of a father again, I will have you crucified.” He let go of her tunic, and she fell back onto the floor – face pale and eyes wide. The rest of the people in the room took a cautious step back, not wanting to be targeted by the warchief’s bad mood. Phasma alone remained unaffected, putting a hand on Hux’ shoulder to help ground him a bit. “Anyone else feel like sharing their opinions?” she asked. Every person in the room shook their heads frantically. “Good. Then I suggest you get going. We have a lot of work to do.” The room emptied immediately, leaving only Phasma and Hux. She collected all the maps and papers before she spoke next, giving Hux the time he needed to get a hold of his anger. “You should go see Ren,” she said. “I think I heard him leave the audience chamber hours ago. See if he has any good news for you.” “What kind of good news?” Hux muttered. “About the battle, perhaps. And about the bonding.” She gave him a sympathetic smile. “People are being idiots about the whole thing because they don’t understand it. Perhaps you should tell them about him, though. Make them stop underestimating him.” Hux shook his head. “It’s not my place to tell them,” he sighed. “And I’m not sure I can bear discussing the whole bonding issue right now, Phasma. We need to get through this bloody siege first, and I can’t afford any distractions until we’ve won. But you’re right about one thing; I should go talk to him. I’m fairly certain he’ll come looking for her soon.” He pointed to Eira, who was happily picking away at a block of cheese further down the table. “I might as well get her back to her master safely, before she eats herself to death.” He approached her, and held out an arm for her to perch on, hoping it would be enough for her to get the message. Eira peered up at him for a moment, tilting her head, seeming to consider whether or not it was worth abandoning her cheese and go with the warchief. In the end, she hacked off an impressive chunk of the food, and hopped onto his arm, climbing up to her favourite place on his right shoulder, cawing triumphantly around the cheese. Phasma looked like she was trying very hard not to burst out laughing, and Hux fully sympathized with her sentiment. The only thing keeping him from a rather uncharacteristic fit of laughter were two sets of very impressive talons digging through his thick jacket and into his skin. “You’re going to be too fat to fly if you keep that up, little bird,” he smiled as they made their way through the halls towards his and Ren’s private wing. Eira shot him a haughty look. “Oh, don’t be like that, my beauty. I’m merely pointing out that excessive eating might influence your ability to fly away from danger quick enough. I wouldn’t want Ren to have to worry about your safely.” He could feel the disapproval radiate from her snowy form, and he had to admit that she managed to look incredibly regal for an animal with a chunk of cheese in their mouth almost as big as their head. As soon as he opened the door to Ren’s main room, Eira flew over to the windowsill and demonstratively attacked the food. There was a distinct lack of Crow in the room, and Hux wondered briefly if Phasma had heard wrong earlier. Sitting down in his usual armchair, he pondered where the Crow might be and if he should go look for him. It was a little strange that Ren had not come to the great hall after his audience with the Raven, and Hux wondered if the younger man was upset. That would certainly explain his reluctance to be among people. Or, perhaps, this was another one of those little Crow things; another rule to cage Ren in, to comply with. The sound of heavy footfalls on the stone stairs saved him further worries, and soon Ren’s impressive form stalked in through the open door. He closed it behind him and went over to sit across from Hux, as had become their habit over the last few days. For a moment Hux wondered why he didn’t seem particularly surprised by the warchief’s presence, but then he guessed that Eira had probably told on him already. Ren pulled the cowl off his head and ran a hand through his hair. He looked tired, and his movements indicated pain or soreness, but the crooked smile on his face told another story. “I went to se Askr, if you’re wondering,” Ren said. “He broke the arm on one of the stable boys, so I had to take care of the situation. Apparently, they’re too rough when they brush him and he wanted to teach them a lesson. I told him he wasn’t allowed to do that, so we had a bit of an…. argument.” “Is the boy alright?” Hux asked, choosing not to question how a human could get into an argument with a horse. Ren nodded. “Fixing broken bones is child’s play, my lord,” he said. “He’ll be back in the stable in a few weeks. It wasn’t a very complicated fracture. He’s resting downstairs, if you want to check in on him yourself.” “No,” Hux smiled. “I trust your abilities. But the horse seems to have done a number on you as well. No offense, my Crow, but you do appear to be in a bit of pain.” Ren chuckled at that. “I’ve had worse,” he said. “It’s only a few cuts and bruises. Askr knows better than to try and actually harm me. He does these things to test my commitment to him. He pushes the boundaries to see if I will abandon him.” The Crow shrugged. “Abandonment does horrible things to a soul, and not only human ones.” “You are a truly exceptional man, Kylo Ren,” Hux said with a smile. “I’m afraid most of what you’re telling me are things I have never thought about before, but when you say them, they do make sense. Now, the reason I came here was to ask you about your audience with the Raven. I hope it went well?” “It did. I have full permission from the order to kill the other Crows during the solstice.” He hesitated for a moment. “And, speaking of the solstice…. The Raven demanded that our public bonding ceremony is carried out that same day.” “That is less than three weeks away,” Hux groaned. “And we’re neck deep in the pig shit that is this bloody siege. Why then? Isn’t the usual nesting time before the ceremonies at least a few months? I think Tarkin wrote something about that in his final letter.” Ren nodded, glad he wasn’t the only one who felt that this whole thing had suddenly become very stressful. He wasn’t one to question Snoke’s orders, though. The Raven was wise, he was closer to the Gods than anyone. If he said it was the right time, then it was the right time, and Ren would simply have to obey. “Traditionally, the waiting period is three months,” he said. “But sometimes that period will be much shorter due to circumstances surrounding the Crow and warchief in question. We’re at war. The Raven thought it best if we bonded as quickly as possible, so we can focus on eradicating our enemies.” “When the Gods speak, I obey,” Hux sighed. “Three weeks, then. We’ll start making the arrangements after we’ve gotten rid of that overgrown flea infestation currently camping out on our land.” “When is the attack?” “In three days. At dawn.” “I’ll be ready.” Notes: Uhm, hi. This chapter... I swear it was trying to go in a thousand directions all at once, so if it's messy I do apologize. Writing Phasma is apparently kinda difficult for me, but I'll try my best. But we got more dialogue, more interactions, and Eira being a tiny, fluffy entity of sass. Yes, Askr has abandonment issues. Ren knows it, and does his best to help. Murphy's Law is unknown to the people of this AU, but if someone was to explain it to Hux, he'd understand it perfectly. He does not appreciate being compared to his father at all, as you could probably tell. And insulting not only Ren, but Tarkin as well... Ooooh, big mistake there, Enna. Hux won't stand for anyone insulting their Crows - even if it is his aunt. I don't think it comes as a surprise for any of you that Hux is not very nice. But he does like Eira. They seem to have a pretty sweet relationship developing there, if I may say so myself. And Ren, the poor thing, is so confused by this whole thing. What, he's allowed to have opinions now? He's not supposed to blindly obey everything Hux tells him? What? Why has no one told him about this? Halp. On a more serious note, though, Snoke is effing scary. Tarkin probably sent birds instead of smoke-shapes just so he wouldn't have to face him. Starting next chapter, there will be some action happening. A battle, a bonding, some other things - though perhaps not all of it in the same chapter^^ If there's anything you're wondering about, or that doesn't make sense, just poke me, and I'll try to either explain or write better - or both. I'm ficlet-machine on Tumblr as well. Come share your nerdiness with me! Chapter 5 : Bringer of Life, Bringer of Death Notes: This chapter comes with a trigger warning for: blood, gore, descriptions of violence, descriptions of amputation. If you are sensitive to any of these things, please be careful. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He was running again. His breath like fire in his throat, the taste of bile filling his mouth, the smell of blood and smoke and vomit all consuming. They were after him. The hounds. He could hear them in the distance, coming closer. His legs were heavy, his movements sluggish and uncoordinated – the blood loss was becoming dangerous now. The wounds from the last whipping painted his back a vivid red against the white of the snow. An easy target. He mustn’t stop. Mustn’t slow down. Had to escape. Had to run. If they caught him they’d execute him. Had to run! He didn’t want to die. Didn’t want to die. Didn’t want to die! He ran across the snow-covered field, the hounds closing in on him with every step. He could feel the thunder of their paws against the ground. The voices were calling from the void; murderer, scum, traitor, bastard, freak – it was impossible to block them out, he couldn’t cover his ears while he ran. He had to keep running. Had to escape, had to get away, had to get out of here before they killed him! He didn’t mean to do it. Didn’t mean it, didn’t mean it, didn’t mean to kill them! All the blood, it clung to his skin. He threw up again, and ran. To the forest. He had to get to the forest. They’d lose him there for sure. Had to reach the forest. Then he was falling, the dogs were on top of him, their teeth sinking into his small body, tearing at him. The men came after, called the dogs away. Smiled. Something wrong with those smiles. They spat at him. Murderer. Traitor. Scum. The Queen’s pathetic little bastard. You’ll pay. We’ll make you pay. Pain. Rage. And darkness. Ren bolted upright in the bed, chest heaving, and body trembling. After frantically checking himself for injuries, trying to remember where he was, he wiped away the tears streaming down his face with the back of his hand. He hadn’t had that dream in years. Nightmares were part of his life, a fact he had long since resigned to, but there were some he prayed daily to the Gods to take away from him. This was one of them. He didn’t need the memories of a boy long dead to haunt his mind; there was plenty of darkness there to torment him without adding that into the mix. Scrambling out of bed, nearly hitting the floor due to his knees shaking so badly they could hardly support his weight, Ren made his way over to a small table, upon which a pitcher of water and a mug was placed in case he needed it. He certainly did now. His heart was still hammering in his chest to the point where it almost hurt, and his throat felt raw and sore – had he been screaming again? Pouring water into the mug and gulping it all down in one go, then immediately repeating the action, Ren prayed that no one had heard him. When he’d emptied the pitcher, he sank down on the padded bench by the window. It was still dark outside, and Ren had to fight with all he had not to panic. He hated the darkness. Hated it! All those years at the House, training, sleeping, eating, hurting, healing – all of it in darkness. He needed the daylight. Needed to feel the sun on his skin to banish the memories, the demons and ghosts of people long buried. He was so alone in the darkness, so weak. So vulnerable. So utterly pathetic . “Little hatchling of mine,” Eira’s voice was full of concern, her presence in his mind a gentle caress. “So strong you are, and yet you think so little of yourself.” He couldn’t bring himself to answer her. His mind was in turmoil, and his throat hurt too much to speak. She could read him well enough anyway. “You need air under your wings, Ren. Let’s go outside. It will feel better when you can feel the winds on your face.” She was right, of course. Nothing helped him overcome the powerlessness, the panic, the fear, like being outside – being able to breathe clean air and lose himself in the stars above him and the whisper of the land below him. There was no point in attempting to sleep again, anyway; the castle had gone to bed early, to make sure everyone were rested and ready to go at dawn. Ren might as well get up and make himself useful; no doubt there’d be plenty of things for him to do the moment he left the private wing. Clan Hux may consist of some of the most hardened and experienced warriors Ren had ever met, but there were always younglings facing their first battle, and it was part of his role as Crow to offer them whatever reassurance they needed in order to go out there with a sense of purpose instead of fear. He had never been very good at comforting people who weren’t injured – violence came so naturally to Ren that he had to remind himself that others might not face the prospect of battle with the same focused calm as he did. Glad it was too dark for him to see himself in the expensive full-height mirror he’d been given, Ren stripped out of his nightshirt, curling a bit on himself as he dug out some clothing from one of his chests. He’d never been very comfortable in his body – it always felt like his limbs were too long, his shoulders too broad, feet too big, and face too irregular. Surrounded by other he always envied them for their apparent composure and control over their bodies. He couldn’t imagine Hux ever tripping over his own feet, hitting his head on doorframes, or any of the awkward and embarrassing things that had made Ren’s adolescence something of a living hell. The laughter from other hatchlings still haunted him sometimes. The only time he felt at ease in his own body was during combat. He was built for it, he knew that, and it never ceased to amaze him how much control he had over himself and his movements at times like that. He only wished that control could extend to other circumstances as well, such as when he was walking beside his warchief. Hux didn’t walk, he strode . He had a grace to him, a regal aura that was visible with every little move he made. Every single step, every gesture – kriff, even his anger was moulded into something carefully calculated and perfected. Next to him, Ren felt like a bumbling idiot, with his loud steps and poor posture. Next to him, Ren was a walking mess. The most he could hope for was to come across as intimidating – and given the looks most people in the world seemed to give him, he had at least managed to do that right. It had been a while since he was dressed for battle, and he was glad the leather of his trousers and outer robe hadn’t shrunk too much during the months it had been in storage. No self-respecting Crow would ever be caught wearing armour – that would be to admit that they doubted their own ability to defend themselves. But that didn’t mean they couldn’t be sensible about what they wore to the battlefield. Ren’s battle-wear looked very much like his everyday robes, the only difference was that the sleeves on the inner tunic were tighter, meant to fit under a pair of braces where they wouldn’t get caught on anything, and that the outer robe was made from the finest quality black leather available in the North. He wore a smaller cowl than usual; the fabric covering only his shoulders, and the hood of it a little tighter so that it wouldn’t get in the way but still allow him to cover his head if needed be. The broad belt he usually wore was now also accompanied by a thinner belt, onto which the scabbard for his sword was attached. He didn’t even need to light a candle, the motions came almost instinctually to him after so many years of being sent out to kill on a moment’s notice. After sheathing his sword, welcoming the familiar weight at his hip, he hesitated for a moment before resolutely picking up his helmet and exiting his bedroom, Eira safely perched on his shoulder. Hux would have to forgive him, but he refused to show his face to those the Raven had deemed unworthy. The anonymity would only add to the terror, he knew that, and he intended to take full advantage of that fact. If everything went as they hoped, the few survivors from the other three clans would have nightmares for years to come about the Crow of Skye Castle. ~*~ Hux stood on the parapet, as he always did for the last few hours before a battle, monitoring the enemy and making some last minute adjustments to his plans. His own army were silently taking up their positions, splitting into smaller battle-groups, helping each other apply the Hux clan’s signature red and black face-paint. They’d done this so many times now that the preparations were almost effortless. Phasma hardly even had to order them around anymore. She did so anyway, mainly, Hux suspected, because it amused her to see them scurrying around like fresh hatchlings, trying their hardest to earn the slightest crumble of praise from their captain. It was perhaps a little cruel, but at least it kept them motivated and alert. Their clan emblem, a black inverted sun symbol against a scarlet background, hung on large banners from the outer walls on each side of the gates. Several smaller standards were scattered about from different places on the parapets and roofs of the towers. Hux wanted to make certain that their enemies knew exactly whom they were up against. It amused him, despite the grim situation, that they hadn’t thought that he’d understand why they had waited until the previous day to move their army right up to Hux’ doorstep. Their attempts to hide their newly constructed catapults at the back of the ranks, under some very poor excuses for tents, was laughable. Or, it would have been if it hadn’t been so bloody insulting. Hux had laid siege to castles before – he knew full well what to expect from these fools. It irked him that they obviously underestimated him, despite his very successful military career. Well, being underestimated could be quite the advantage if one played one’s cards right, Hux thought to himself as he adjusted the neck of the heavy scale armour he wore over a padded tunic and jacket. The armour covered most of his body, reaching down past his knees and elbows. He wore gold braces on both forearms and shins – heirlooms, and the only trace of vanity he allowed himself to indulge in – and his fiery hair was drawn back from his face and held in place by intricate braids. His sword, a remarkably simple design for a man of his standing, hung from his left hip, and a dagger was safely sheathed on his right. It was a far cry from the usual strict elegance he displayed, but this was perhaps Hux at his most genuine. One did not become warchief through negotiations. The only way to the throne was through battle, and Hux had never once hesitated to prove his worth. He smiled as he listened to the sounds of wood groaning and ropes creaking as Skye Castle’s own catapults were made ready for battle. Given the general stupidity displayed by their enemies so far, Hux wouldn’t be all that surprised if they’d failed to account for the possibility of clan Hux actually having their own catapults. With their higher position, they had a clear advantage over those of their enemies. The sorry lot outside the castle had to not only break through stone-walls ten feet thick, but also manage it from a lower position, whereas Hux and his clan had free aim at the much softer targets that were the soldiers. He reckoned they’d be able to cut at least a fifth off by catapults and ballistae alone. Knowing full well most warchiefs considered the latter to be exclusively a siege weapon, Hux had redesigned some of his to send a barrage of barbed arrows instead of the more traditional single large arrows meant to lodge themselves into walls and ease the process of tearing them down. His idea had proven frighteningly successful over the years, and Skye Castle’s parapets now permanently featured them. A signal from the courtyard informed him that all preparations were complete and the troops ready to head out the second he ordered it. The excitement hung in the air, feeling thick enough to cut with a knife, anticipation and eagerness spreading through the ranks like fire. In the towers above his head the birds were all silent. Only a few dark shapes could be seen making wide circles above the enemy troops before coming back. Good. Ren had obviously made sure they understood that they had to act like it was any other night so that no one would catch on to their plans. Hux had to remember to properly praise his Crow for his amazing control over his massive flock of birds – the warchief didn’t even know how many there were, and he wasn’t sure he wanted to know. It was mystery enough to him how Ren maintained his sanity with all of those voices in his head. Speaking of Ren, it was high time to seek him out and go over the very final little details before the gates would open and the son of Death would show the world exactly why he bore that title. ~*~ Warchiefs Esra Valko, Gure Jonah, and Cail Tannis stood together at the front line – their clans spreading out into the field behind them. The sun had begun to rise over the horizon, and soon they’d be able to see well enough to give the attack signal. Clan Hux had no Crow and a very young warchief – they were fair game. Sure, that Hux lad had managed a few impressive campaigns, but between them they had more years of battle experience than Hux had years lived. Besides, the other clans he’d defeated had been soft lowland people – a little one could invade their lands and win! They were of a tougher breed, proper highland folks, so they weren’t all that worried. Their Crows, two men and a woman, stood just behind them, heads close together, agitated whispers passing between them. No doubt they were feeling the dread of the upcoming battle. Valko glanced over at them, snorted, and spat on the ground. “They get more nervous than that, I reckon they’ll kriffin’ shite themselves,” he said. “Too soft, them Crows. Always said. No more use than a bloody wet nurse for a stillborn.” “Only goes to show what sort of folk them Huxes are for beliving in ‘em,” Tannis agreed. “I doubt that so called warchief of their even pisses without the Crow’s permission.” “Then he must be panickin’ something bad now,” Jonah laughed. “How long’s that old bony one been dead now? Two months?” “Something like that,” Valko smiled. “What I wouldn’t give to see over those walls now. Bet they’re scurrying like headless chickens trying to mount a defence.” When the sun had risen enough for them to see Skye Castle properly, they noticed the banners and standards signalling that they were expected. But strangely enough, there were no archers on the walls, no sounds of an army moving towards the gate, no birds, no nothing. There was only an eerie sort of silence emanating from the high, white walls. It was as if Skye Castle had been abandoned. The warchiefs looked at each other. This was beginning to feel… wrong . “Oi, you lot,” Jonah pointed to the Crows. “Make yourselves useful for once. Find out what in the Gods’ names is goin’ on. Send your birds or whatever it is you people do.” The Crows looked equal parts horrified and offended, but if they had learnt anything over the course of this campaign, it was to keep their mouths shut and do what they were told. These warchiefs didn’t care much for any laws they hadn’t written themselves, and the Crows knew full well they were nothing more than empty symbols. After exchanging a brief glance, the Crows walked in front of the warchiefs and summoned their respective flocks, sending them all towards the castle. They should not have done that. Hux castle was not deserted, they learned as the single largest flock of birds they’d ever seen took flight – not only from the towers of the castle, but from the surrounding mountainsides. It looked like the mountains were coming apart in front of them, the sound of their wings like thunder, ripping the early morning quiet to pieces as they charged right into the enemy birds. The Crows could do nothing but stand and watch as the bodies of crows, magpies, rooks, and ravens fell like rain around their feet – the Force full of their dying screams, their fear, their desperation, their pain. It nearly brought them to their knees, forced them to hold on to each other for support, as they realized – far, far too late – that this wasn’t a rogue flock. There was a Crow at Skye Castle, and the decision to send in the birds may just have been the worst mistake of their lives. Their warchiefs would kill them for not sensing it – if they even survived the battle, that was. Just as they shared that thought, the black mass of wings in the sky above them dove right into their ranks, picking and pulling and scratching at anything they could come close to, before rising back up – blacking out the sun as they did so, before attacking again. There was so much anger radiating from the birds, even the regular soldiers could feel it. There was hatred and blood-lust, so intense the air seemed to almost crackle with it. It was too evenly spread among the birds, the Crows realized with no small amount of alarm. It wasn’t their emotions – it was their master’s. Then the gates of Skye Castle swung open, revealing no army but instead a single, black clad figure, with a Force aura so strong it seemed to distort the world around him. He wore the same black battle-clothing as all Crows, but what set him apart was the helmet. They knew what that helmet meant, had heard the stories, heard the rumours during their own apprenticeships, and suddenly they felt very small – and very, very afraid. The nightmarish figure walked across the stone bridge, his steps unhurried, calm, as if he knew that every single warrior on that field could do absolutely nothing but stand and stare until he’d reached them – a predator-like quality to his gait, stalking rather than striding, only served to make him all the more frightening. It was like looking at the face of Death. The Crows drew closer to each other as he stepped off the bridge and on to the dirt road, praying to the Gods to keep their warchiefs from doing something rash – to give them time to find a way out of this horrible situation. It was at that moment that warchief Jonah, in charge of the archers, decided to do something incredibly… stupid . He gave the signal, and seconds later a tidal wave of arrows were released and headed for the lone Crow. Without slowing down or hesitating in the least, the Crow simply raised his hand, and stopped the arrows mid-air . Then several things happened in quick succession, none of them good. The Crow released the arrows on their troops, warriors falling dead to the ground in the dozens, then the birds attacked again, and again. As they drew back, the Crow reached out again, sending the Force out like a hammer-strike against the three Crows and knocking them unconscious, before lifting them off the ground and throwing them out of the way. The gathered army could only watch in horror as their Crows tumbled to the ground like ragdolls, as still and lifeless as the birds they once commanded. Then, he drew his sword, and before anyone could understand how it happened, the world turned red as he moved through the ranks – parting flesh from bones and heads from bodies as he went. They could scarcely believe him to be human; he was destruction, death, incarnated. Then the heavy thumps of catapults and ballistae being released could be heard over the pained screams of the men cut down by that… demon . He seemed utterly unaffected by the rain of arrows, rocks, and burning oil as he continued to cut down anyone who attempted to stand up to him. Clan Hux knew what they were doing, the warchiefs learned, as one by one their catapults were destroyed – either by fire or stones, and their men were made into grotesque parodies of the straw figures set on fire during the winter solstice to lure the sun back to their lands. This was starting to go horribly wrong, and the three men looked at each other before shouting the order to storm the castle, kill anything and everything in their way. Kill the Crow, kill any Hux they found, just turn the godsforsaken battle around! They were at least twice as many as the Huxes, this should not be happening! They hadn’t even seen their warriors yet. The warchief himself was nowhere to be seen, same with that monster of a cousin of his. There were only the birds and the Crow, and it should not be possible for them to do this sort of damage to an army of this size. No sooner had the army begun to move towards Skye Castle before the Hux clan’s war-cry erupted from everywhere around them, the castle gates were thrown open – and then clan Hux descended upon them from all directions. But how was that even possible? They only had the one gate, how could they come from the woods as well? When did they manage to get to the fields behind them? How could there be so many of them? Where in the Gods names did they all come from? ~*~ The battle had its own melody, its own thundering, blood soaked song, and every fibre of Ren’s being was tuned in to it. Right here, in the fray, with his body moving on its own accord – effortlessly dodging, evading, parrying, cutting, stabbing and slicing – colouring the world a beautiful shade of scarlet, Kylo Ren felt at home. He could feel the fear, the anguish, the confusion radiating off the warriors – the Force was burning cold in his veins with it. They were so afraid, so unprepared for coming face to face with a child of Death, it was almost pitiful. Ren himself was long since cured of any lingering fear of dying, having walked side by side with Her for so long, and having been held in Her arms before being given back to the living world more times than he cared to think about anymore. And after so many years of training and perfecting the art of destruction and violence, he knew – without taking any particular pride in it – that he would always be the most dangerous creature on that battlefield. For so long it had been the only thing that made sense to him, the only language he could understand, the only home he knew. No, he didn’t fear battle. Not at all. More than anything, he relished it. ~*~ The battle went on well into the evening, even with their advantage clan Hux was still outnumbered, and it wasn’t until Hux and Phasma had rather spectacularly slaughtered the entirety of Jonah’s, Valko’s, and Thannis’ guard, and forcing the warchiefs to surrender that the battle was declared a victory. The three clans, or what was left of them, tucked tails and fled – scattering like birds to the winds – clan Hux hot on their trail with the intention of making sure none of these three clans would ever forget their mistake. Hux wiped some blood off his face as he watched Phasma and his guards put chains around the hands, feet and necks of Thannis, Jonah, Valko, and the three Crows. He hadn’t felt this kriffing good in months! Every last detail of his plan had come together perfectly, and now this entire field bathed in the blood of his conquered enemies. Today was a good day. He had to admit to himself, though, that even if he thought he knew what to expect from a Knight of Ren when it came to battle, nothing had prepared him for the sheer brutal brilliance that was Kylo Ren. It was at the same time the most beautiful and terrifying thing he had ever seen, and it made his mind reel when he realized just what kind of power he had been given when the Gods sent Ren to his nest. “Put them in the dungeons,” he ordered his men once the prisoners were secured. “Separate cells. I don’t want them getting up to anything before I’ve had a chance to piss on whatever’s left of their egos.” “Yes, my lord,” the soldiers saluted, and began dragging the still unconscious Crows and their masters towards the looming silhouette of the castle. “Phasma,” he said. “Get someone to help you get everyone back inside. No point in being idiots by staying out here in the dark. You never know who might decide to take revenge.” He looked around. “Have you seen master Ren anywhere?” Phasma shook her head. “Not since you and him were back to back against those blasted Thannis berserkers,” she said. “Which was a very impressive sight, by the way. I’m sure he’ll show up sooner or later. Maybe he’s gone back inside to start tending to the wounded. Isn’t that what he’s supposed to be doing?” Hux gave an embarrassed laugh. “I keep forgetting that he is a healer as well,” he admitted. “It just seems so… against his character. Oh well, I’ll go have a look. We’ll start recovering the bodies tomorrow, once Ren’s birds have had their fill. They deserve that after today.” “They certainly do,” Phasma smiled, her bright white teeth stark contrast to her smeared black face paint. “Now get your sorry behind back to your castle, warchief. I’ll round up the clan. If you find master Ren, tell him I’d like to spar with him some day. I really want to learn some of those forms of his.” “So blood-thirsty, Phasma,” Hux tutted. “You sure you’re not actually a Knight?” They shared a quick laugh and a hug, before Hux and a few of his guards joined in the mass of bloody and dirty warriors headed for the comfort of their castle and the promise of clean clothes and food. There were many wounded, Hux noticed as he passed by several small groups. They’d managed to get away with relatively small losses during the actual battle, but he knew that it would take days before the final body count was settled. Right now, he could only hope that Ren, and those assigned to help him out, could keep up with the steady stream of new patients heading for his tower. Phasma had been right about the Crow’s whereabouts. After cleaning his face of blood and paint, and changing into a clean shirt and soft jacket, the warchief had gone to the tower to have a look at the situation there. He found Ren on the third floor, still in his battle garments, currently preparing to amputate the arm of a young woman. The Crow helped the obviously shocked warrior drink some water mixed with something from a small vial on the table behind him. She was crying and shaking, moving restlessly on the bed as pain wracked her body, babbling incoherently about something or other, but Ren was patient with her, gentle even. He let her lean back against his chest, hide a little against his larger frame, as he held the cup to her lips – whispering soothing words in her ear all the while. Whatever it was in that cup, it worked quickly, and soon her eyes drifted shut, and Ren nodded to two hefty women standing close by. They grabbed a steady hold of the unconscious girl, presumably to keep her still should she wake up, and watched as Ren tied a length of fabric tight just above the area where the arm stopped looking like an arm and began looking like minced meat. Hux had seen injuries like that before, and shuddered. Brave girl, that one, to stand up against someone wielding a mace, or had it perhaps been a morning star? Pity to lose her arm so young, but then again, young people healed well and usually found new way to make themselves useful far quicker than the older ones. He steeled himself when Ren picked up a saw, aiming carefully, before quickly and efficiently working through skin, muscles and tendons. When he reached the bone, the girl jerked, and Hux thought to himself that there would probably never come a day when the sound of a bone being sawed off would not make him feel sick. But he couldn’t stop staring at the young body fighting against whatever potion it was, to try and break free from the iron grip of the two older women and escape Ren’s unceasing sawing. There was compassion in those strange, dark eyes of his, so much that Hux wondered how he could even keep going. He no doubt felt her pain through the Force, but stopping now would not help her. When her movements became too violent, the Crow sighed and put a finger against her temple, causing her body to go completely limp. “Why didn’t you do that right away,” Hux found himself asking. “Wouldn’t that have been more efficient?” Ren cast a glance at him before resuming his work. “No,” he said. “The Force shuts down her entire body, puts it in a kind of sleep where it can’t feel anything. It sounds like a good thing, but in situations like this, it’s not. I need to be able to tell where she has normal sensations, and where the ability to feel sensations has been severed. It’s important to monitor that during the healing, since changes in sensation can be a sign of infection setting in.” He finished, disposing of the remains of the arm in a large basket set to the side. There were other limbs in there as well. “The easiest way for me to know is to monitor her Force signature. It will tell me when something is wrong long before she can even feel it. When she’s like this, her signature is barely even existent.” He turned to one of the women. “Stitch her up and put her one floor down. Tell them to inform me when she wakes up.” The woman nodded and set to work closing up the wound by means of fine, even stitches. It was obvious she’d done it before, and Hux felt pride at having such competent people serving his Crow. Ren walked over to another bed, this time the patient was a man, a decade or so older than Hux, with bandages wrapped around his head and waist. The bandages covering his midsection were coloured a dark red. Sweat was pouring off his skin, and he barely seemed conscious, eyes glassy and flickering, and mouth moving lazily without any word or sound coming out of it. Ren put a hand on his forehead, sighed and ran a hand through his hair. He’d put it up in a ponytail at some point, but several strands had broken free, framing his face like some dark halo. He looked tired. “He won’t make it,” Ren said, simply. “That bad?” Hux nodded in the direction of his stomach. Ren shook his head. “The stomach wounds I could have healed without problem,” he said, and then pointed at the bandages covering most of his head. “I don’t know why they brought him in here, to be honest with you. He took a sledgehammer to the back of his head. There’s nothing left of his skull back there. The only thing keeping his brain from pouring out all over the floor are the bandages. Even if I healed the outer wounds, there’s nothing left of him in there. Nothing to work with. He’d be a body without a person in it.” Hux looked at the man, then at his Crow. “So all we can do is wait for him to die?” he asked, beginning to understand why this bothered Ren so much. It must feel like being taunted, to have a body put in his care and knowing he could do nothing to fix it. Ren nodded. “He could die right now,” he said, eyes not leaving the sad form in front of him. “Or he could last days. There’s no telling with injuries like this.” “Can you ease his passing? Help him over in some way?” “I can.” “Then do it. Let it not be said that clan Hux is cruel to its kinsmen.” He paused. “We might need that bed soon, too. For those we can save.” Ren bowed his head, then reached down and planted a kiss to the man’s forehead, whispering something – secret, sacred phrases of gratitude and farewells – before grabbing his head and swiftly snapping his neck. “I thought you would give him a potion,” Hux remarked. Ren gave a bitter smile. “He wouldn’t have been able to swallow it,” he said. “And that is a quicker way to go, anyhow. Poison takes time, and is only very rarely free of unpleasant side effects. He’s with the ancestors now, that’s all that matters.” “Indeed it is.” Hux looked around him, as Ren was already moving to the next bed, obviously stressed but not letting it affect his performance. “Is there anything I can do to help?” he heard himself asking. The hours seemed to fly by as Ren put him to work. The warchief was obviously not trusted to handle any of the more advanced tasks, such as stitching, setting broken bones, or popping dislocated joints back into place, but he did prove himself valuable when it came to holding down unruly patients and administrating the various potions and other herbal remedies Ren used. Working alongside his Crow felt surprisingly good, and he didn’t even feel that bothered by having a man younger than himself order him around as if he’d been born last winter. Hux had always respected competence, and Ren most certainly was competent. He did begin to realize why Tarkin had always been in such foul moods after battles like this; there was no time for either Ren, Hux, or the ten people assisting them, to sit down even for a minute to eat or rest. Hux was used to getting at least a few hours worth of sleep once he’d made sure everyone were more or less accounted for, but the Crow could afford no such luxury. There was always a new patient, a new situation, a new problem. They lost a few more lives before morning came, and no sooner had the bodies been moved before the beds were occupied again, but Ren – despite obviously grieving for them – simply went on doing his part. It was incredible to watch, and somehow unfathomable that this gentle healer was the same man who had gone through the enemy ranks like a hurricane of blood and destruction. Hux heart swelled with pride and something more, deeper, as he watched those skilled hands at work. The sun had long since risen when the last wounded warrior had been brought in and treated. Hux could barely see straight from the exhaustion, and Ren was an utter mess. He was so pale, dark circles under his eyes, and steps slower and more unsteady with every passing moment. He’d sent the assistants away a few hours earlier, ordering them to get some rest so they could come back and take over while Ren got some hard earned sleep. Hux knew he had no obligation to stay and help Ren, after all, he had no obligation to offer it in the first place, but he had to admit to himself that it had felt very good, rewarding, to be a part of this. His father would never have lowered himself to doing something like this, would have ordered a private feast and then slept soundly through the night after having tormented his mother for hours with what he called lovemaking. He would have told Hux that a warchief was royalty, the finest, purest blood, who stood above everyone and everything. This sort of work was dirty and undignified, not something for a man of his station to concern himself with. That in itself was reason enough for Hux to want to help out again in the future, but he also felt he had a better understanding of the work a Crow did for their clan now. He heard the sound of footsteps approaching, and soon three of their helpers walked through the door, bowing to the warchief and his Crow. Ren reported on the current situation, instructing them which medication was to be given to which patient, preparing them for which ones might not make it, and sending them off to tend to a floor each. As soon as they had turned their backs, Ren’s shoulders slumped, and he seemed to almost stagger as he walked towards the door where Hux was standing. “Go to bed, Ren,” he said softly, when the Knight had to reach out and put a hand against the wall to steady himself. “You have done a truly amazing job tonight, you deserve some rest.” “You too, my lord,” Ren said with a tired smile. “Can’t have you collapsing from exhaustion mid-feast tonight.” Hux chuckled. “Phasma would laugh her head off,” he smiled. “But you’re right. We both need rest.” Ren moved past him toward the stairs, slowly beginning the ascent to his own rooms. “Oh, one more thing,” Hux said. Ren looked over his shoulder, an eyebrow arched in question. “Remember to take a bath before the feast. You smell like a slaughterhouse.” “So do you, warchief.” Ren continued his slow ascent. “So do you. Sleep well.” Notes: Phew! Hello! Sorry about the long wait. Finals week showed up and kicked my ass, but now I'm free! What better way to celebrate than with an update, hm? Lots of stuff going on in this chapter, and I had initially intended for it to be longer, but it just seemed to want to end where it did, so I chose to let it. I should probably tell you to start paying attention to details, you'll need them later. Trust me. Anyway, I'm really rusty when it comes to writing battle-scenes, so my sincere apologies to anyone who had hoped for more. But given that both Hux and Ren are two very violent individuals, I think it's safe to say it won't be the last fighting scene. Ren's sword is a traditional Scottish claymore, because they are one of my absolute favourite swords. Hux' is too, but his is smaller than Ren's because Hux is smaller than Ren. For those of you who don't know, a sword is always custom made to fit a person's height, weight, and muscle mass. The bigger the person, the bigger the sword. It's got to do with balance and efficiency. Also, I just love two-handed swords. Hux wears a scale armour because it's cool. And he's crushing so hard on Ren, the poor thing. I wonder when he's gonna get his shit together and maybe, you know... mention it to Ren. I think I've finally managed to figure out the time period for their clothing, too. I realized I've forgotten to give you a reference there. But we're talking 1280'-1350's Europe here - the height of the medieval period. Lots of long tunics and jackets, chain mail, and so on. The difference is that my characters get to wear trousers. Not everyone did back then. It took a surprisingly long time for Europe to work out the concept of trousers. Same with pockets. They could create advanced weaponry and armour, but not functional clothing. Huh. Go figure. Anyway, if anyone needs a picture or something for refence, just poke me on tumblr -> ficlet-machine, and I'll see if I can dig something out for you. I hope you enjoyed this, and I'll start working on the next update more or less right away. Cheers! Chapter 6 : Blood and Bonds Notes: Trigger warning for: blood, mentions of dismemberment, ritual sacrifice. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The great hall was packed to its maximum capacity that evening, the clanspeople having cleaned up and donned their finest clothing. Those who hadn’t made it in time to secure a place at the six long tables running down the length of the hall were seated on benches, barrels, furs, or each other’s laps in the cases of the married couples. The windows were opened enough to allow the birds access to the feast as well, and on the straw covered stone floor, the clan’s little ones wrestled with Hux’ prized hounds. When the double doors opened, loud cheers erupted as Hux walked in, closely followed by Ren and Phasma. The warchief wore a jacket made from the finest brocade, imported from his mother’s native land, reaching past his knees, the pale green colour very flattering against his bright red hair and pale complexion. The servants had polished his gold circlet carefully, and it now shone bright with the reflected light from the setting sun through the windows. The queen of Alderaan herself couldn’t manage a more regal look than that. Phasma wore her finest uniform, the strict black jacket with its red details contrasting beautifully against her pale blonde hair. Even Ren had dressed for the occasion. The Crow wore a floor length robe in an impossibly deep shade of black, the thick fabric flowing around him in a most entrancing way. His sleeves were wide, reaching only mid-forearm on the upper side of the sleeve, but flowing out to nearly the same length as the robe itself from the inner arm side. Instead of a belt, he wore a sash around his hips the same colour as the Hux clan’s banner, and holding his high collar together was a broche in the shape of a raven in flight – the pale of the silver sticking out against the compact blackness of the robes. He wore tight fitting fingerless gloves that disappeared up under his sleeves, ensuring that his body remained completely covered despite the unusually extravagant design of his robes. Hux had nearly choked on his own spit when the Crow had come down the stairs earlier. Even Phasma had been impressed. Ren had mostly appeared slightly embarrassed by the whole situation, obviously not comfortable with formal occasions. But none of that showed through now, as he strode up to the warchief’s table, which had been set up just in front of the throne. Only the warchief and his closest people were allowed to dine at that table, and since Hux was a widower, his children sent off to the coast, and Phasma not yet having married, it was only the three of them – Phasma to his right, and Ren to his left. Eira had been given her own little perch on the table next to her master, and as soon as they were seated, she came gliding down from the window and landed there, looking for all like she was the queen of the castle. “Clansmen!” Hux called, effectively silencing the loud cheering. He looked out over the hall. “I have a few things to say. First of all, I am proud of you. Clan Jonah, clan Tannis, clan Valko – three clans thought they could come to our lands uninvited. They thought they could come to our lands and bring us to our knees in front of our own home. Their Crows too weak to even sense master Ren’s presence here, and still they marched on our castle! So sure they would win, so sure they could best us on our own sacred grounds! But they did not have the favour of the Gods, did they? No. We did. We had their favour. We had their protection. We had their blessing. We have a Crow whose power they could not even begin to comprehend, and we have the true blood of the north! Once again we have shown that any lord, any clan, who dares tread on clan Hux will be crushed like ants under the heels of our boots!” He paused, a menacing grin making its way onto his face. “Tomorrow we start planning the invasion of their territories. I want those lands to forget there ever were other rulers than clan Hux. In the spring, we march for the south. But tonight… Tonight we feast!” He raised his goblet. “For clan Hux!” “For clan Hux!” the gathered clanspeople roared as they brought their mugs together, before emptying them in one go. The food was brought in, and it didn’t take long before the first drinking songs erupted from different parts of the hall. Toasts were announced left, right, and centre, and when the musicians had had their fill of the food, they had half the clan up and dancing on both floor, benches and tables in little to no time at all. Hux didn’t partake in the dancing, of course. He’d never had much of a taste for it, and since he was made warchief no one really expected it of him anyway, and so he could watch comfortably from the side-lines without anyone nagging him to join in. Phasma, on the other hand, had joined in – fully intent on breaking as many hearts as she could manage before morning, and, by the looks of it, doing an admirable job too. Hux glanced over at Ren, who was currently feeding several of his birds little pieces of the roasted deer on his plate. The Crow seemed more at ease when he had his birds around him, the warchief noticed, and he was glad that most of the party was at the other end of the hall, since it meant that fewer people might come up and start talking to the Crow. Hux felt bad for putting his obviously rather socially awkward and introverted young Crow through these situations, given how rowdy the clan could get, but it was part of his duty. All he could do, really, was to try and gently steer people’s attention away from Ren, and offer him whatever reassurance he could if he noticed the younger man showing signs of distress. At the moment, he seemed rather content, a soft smile on his face as he interacted with his birds. A small magpie got its piece of deer stolen by a larger rook, and Ren gently scooped the smaller bird up and held it close to his chest while he fed it a new piece so that it could eat it in peace. He sent a sharp glare at the rook, which seemed genuinely embarrassed as it flew back out the windows as fast as it could. The birds cawed at each other and Ren, making little quirking motions with their heads, hopping this way and that. It was obvious that they were communicating something, and that Ren understood it perfectly. Hux couldn’t help feeling curious about what they were saying. “They’re telling me about their nests,” Ren said, voice as soft as his smile. “Nests are very important to them.” “Were you reading my thoughts again?” Hux asked, unable to keep the smile away. He liked Ren this way. The softness that contradicted everything he appeared to be at first glance. Ren smiled. “Not actively, no,” he said. “I merely overheard them. It’s rude to read people’s minds without permission, not to mention terribly exhausting, so I try not to.” “I didn’t know that.” He nodded towards an excited little group of magpies cawing at the Crow from across his dinner plate. “What are they saying?” “They’re three mated pairs,” the Crow smiled. “They’re young. This is their first nesting season, and they’ve got eggs.” He looked at Hux, eyes glittering in amused affection. “They’re very proud and they want me to come see them. It’s an immense honour, but these pairs have nested at the top of the northern most nesting tower, and if I try climbing up there you’ll be in the market for a new Crow again. They’re wondering why I can’t just fly up there like they do.” He chuckled. “It’s difficult for them to accept that I’m not actually a bird.” Eira cawed at them from her perch, and then all seven birds took flight, disappearing out the windows. “Is she going in your stead?” Hux asked. “Yeah. As far as they’re concerned, she’s my mother, and therefore it’s almost the same as if I were to be there myself. They adore her.” “Don’t we all, Ren?” Hux grinned. “Someday I’d like to hear how you two met, though I have a feeling it’s not a happy tale. But I’d like to know it anyway, because of how precious she’s become to us all in such a short time.” Ren blushed, but returned the smile, before reaching over and picking up a rook that just landed on Hux’ head. “That is indeed a tale for another day, my lord,” he said. “But you’ll be pleased to know that she adores you, and wishes you could understand her so she could tell you that directly.” “Tell her the adoration is very much mutual. What does she, or all of them, think about our… arrangement, by the way? I’m sure they have opinions of some sort.” “As far as they’re concerned, we’re a mated pair,” Ren said. “Or, well, will be as soon as we’re performed the ceremony. Right now, by their logic, you’re wooing me.” He gave an embarrassed smile, not looking at Hux. “To them there’s nothing strange about it at all. It’s us humans who complicate things.” Hux blushed a fiery shade of red at the word ‘wooing’. It came a bit too close to sentiments he wasn’t fully prepared to deal with right in front of his Crow just yet. He still needed to get through that ceremony without any embarrassing… incidents. “I suppose it’s time we started discussing that too,” he said, trying to will the blush away. “The solstice is only two weeks away.” Ren nodded, then bit his lip as he seemed to ponder something. “Come see me tomorrow after you’ve finished planning your campaign for the day,” he said, smile turning mischievous, no longer seeming very flustered about the whole thing at all. “I’ll explain everything to you in manageable bites. Don’t worry, my lord, I’m trained for these situations. Once you’ve delivered a few babies, you don’t really get nervous by a lot things anymore.” Hux groaned and hid his face in his hands. Ren had obviously sensed his embarrassment, that cheeky bastard. While he was glad the Crow was becoming comfortable enough to poke fun at him, Hux would rather prefer any other topic than that. But if it helped Ren combat his own insecurities, Hux supposed he’d happily let the younger man tease him to his heart’s content. He had a thick hide, and Ren’s smile made it all worth it, anyway. ~*~*~ The heavy door to the dungeons opened for the second time that day, causing the three Crows chained to the walls of the innermost cell to flinch. Their warchiefs had been dragged out of there earlier, kicking and screaming, and they had yet to return. Neither of the three really wished to acknowledge the empty hole in their minds where their presences should be. It was too much to think of right now, the loss of their precious birds still gaping wounds in their hearts. To have lost their bonded masters too… no, it was impossible to even think about right now. Three guards approached the cell, the torches in their hands painfully bright in the eyes of the Crows after days in near complete darkness. Then, they felt it; that force presence, reigned in and controlled now, but still so strong it was making it difficult to draw a breath. The tall figure of clan Hux’s Crow walked in, hood covering his head, but face uncovered by a mask. He looked so young, yet his eyes so old – hardened by a lifetime of pain and tribulations, no doubt. Coming to a stop just by the cell door, he gave the guards a quiet order to open it. His voice was surprisingly pleasant, low, soft, somewhat distant. As soon as the door was opened, he told the guard to light the torches on the walls between the cells and then leave. As soon as they were gone, the Crow stepped into the cell. Taking his time studying them, he eventually approached one of the males, a man in his late thirties, with pale blonde hair and a wiry build. “What’s your name?” he asked. The man tried to answer, but his mouth was so dry, he couldn’t properly form a word. The young Crow seemed genuinely concerned, and promptly retrieved a mug full of cool water from a stand over by the doors. After helping them all drink, he repeated his question. “Vídar, master Knight,” the man, Vídar, whispered. “Whose Crow were you, Vídar?” the Knight asked as he gently tilted his face up to study the bruise that marred the left side of his features. “I served clan Valko. For ten years.” “And look where you ended up.” He looked at the other two, pity clear on his face. “Your masters are dead,” he said, bluntly. “Your clans are scattered all over the north, fleeing for their lives. I’m so sorry, but no one will be coming to save you.” “What will you do to us?” the female Crow asked, voice wavering as she fought against tears. “Why are you doing this?” “The Raven demands punishment for your… incompetence ,” he said, tucking a few stray strands of hair behind her ear – the softness of his touch only adding to his frightening appearance. “You could not even feel my presence in this castle. This is my land; I do not mask my presence here. My birds are connected to my mind at all times, yet you failed to sense me. I looked into your minds for days, and you didn’t even notice it until I unleashed the Force right in front of you.” He shook his head, much like a disappointed teacher. “Such a disgrace to our order,” he said. “Such a pity that weak minds like yours could worm their way into the sacred Flock.” Sighing, he exited the cell, locking it back up before giving them a final look. “Ten days from now I will sacrifice you to the Goddess of Death, down there on the field you and your filthy vermin disguised as clans had the audacity to step onto. Your hearts will burn on the pyre, your bodies will be hung on crosses and given as food to the animals of the forests, and your blood will be poured onto the altar as atonement for your sins against the Gods. Every last member of your clans that my master’s hunters can get their hands on will join you. This is the will of the Gods, and I live to obey.” With that, he left. ~*~*~ As the summer solstice drew closer, Hux was feeling more nervous by the day. Ren had patiently explained every detail of the ceremony to him at least a dozen times now, but if the repeated awkward silences and shy lip-biting was anything to go by, Ren was nervous too. Hux was not entirely sure if that was comforting or frightening, but neither of them had a choice in the matter, and so all they could do was to go through with it and hope that nothing… embarrassing happened. Ren was a terribly attractive young man, there was no denying that, and Hux had been without a bed-mate for a very long time now. He didn’t trust certain parts of him not to misbehave at the wrong time. But then again, given how covered up his Crow usually was, the ceremony must be a nightmare of a situation for him too. It didn’t much help his nerves that Ren himself seemed to spend his time either down in the dungeons, interrogating and preparing the prisoners for sacrifice, or in the audience chamber planning the ceremony out with guidance from his leader. No one had seen him for almost two days now – Hux even had to eat breakfast on his own, which was awful and infuriatingly boring – whereas his warchief had to be nervous in public. Phasma’s obvious amusement at his discomfort was incredibly unhelpful. At the moment, Hux was enjoying the silence and privacy of the baths. Immersed up to his chin in the soothing water of the natural hot spring, he let the heat draw the tension out of his neck and shoulders. He was hungry, and therefore not in his best mood, but determined to keep himself in line. This fast was part of his preparations for the ceremony, as was the bathing. Ren had given him several small bottles of scented oils and other things for his skin and hair, along with a sponge that looked more like some sort of torture device than a tool for cleaning one’s body. Its purpose was to make sure Hux was cleaner than he had ever been in his life, not to offer any sense of luxury or pleasure. The only comfort, really, was the knowledge that Ren had to undergo the exact same ordeal – and probably more things as well. After all, he had a sacrificial ritual to lead in addition to their bonding, and Hux did not envy him in the slightest. After eyeing the sponge suspiciously for a few moments, he took a deep breath and reached for it. No point in waiting, and Ren would probably need the baths soon, anyway – and Hux apparently wasn’t allowed to see him unclothed before they were bonded. As per his Crow’s instructions he poured some thick liquid from one of the vials onto the sponge and worked it in, wincing at the sharp smell of lye and something unidentifiable, before rubbing it experimentally over the skin of his left shoulder – unable to keep himself from growling a string of profanities at the sharp burn of it. This was not going to be pleasant at all. ~*~*~ The bonding of a new Crow and warchief was an important event in the North, and over the past few days clanspeople from all over the Hux’ territory had made their way to Skye Castle to attend the ceremony and pay their respect to their new spiritual leader. Every available space in the castle was full, and a number of large tents had been put up across the bridge in order to make sure everyone had somewhere to sleep. As dawn approached on the day of midsummer’s eve – the sacred summer solstice – the field was rapidly filling up with people. An older female Crow named Aya, from one of their vassal clans, had gained Ren’s approval, and had been tasked with officiating the bonding ceremony. Hux had asked why that was suddenly necessary, and Ren had informed him that it was actually the usual procedure – but with most of the North engaged in clans wars, and an unusually large amount of hatchlings coming to the House in search of training, tracking down a worthy Crow who was not elsewhere engaged had been very difficult. It was the main reason for his lengthy audiences with the Raven during the weeks since his arrival; they’d been scanning the lands for suitable candidates. This woman, while not very strong in the Force, had officiated several other bondings in her days, and was therefore their best option. Ren could have asked Phasma or one of Hux’ other blood relatives, of course, but it would have been much more troublesome, and would likely have ruined the fragile mood so vital to their ceremony. When the tiniest sliver of gold was visible on the horizon, the sound of drums began inside the castle wall – steady, rhythmic, like heartbeats. Then the procession made their way down towards the obelisk: eight drummers walked in front, followed by two women carrying the Hux’ clan banner, then the female Crow, and after her came Hux and Ren, Phasma and the high guard bringing up the rear. Both warchief and Crow were clad in a simple loincloth made from unbleached linen, and long cloaks of the same material – their feet were bare, hair loose, and they wore no jewellery or decorations of any sort. Everyone took their respective places, with Aya by the altar and Ren and Hux facing each other in front of her. Hux’ aunt, Enna, stepped up and removed the cloak from Hux’ shoulders, Phasma doing the same for Ren – leaving both men standing in only the loincloth in front of their clan. Hux was well muscled in a sinewy way, freckles and old battle scars dotting his frame, and the Hux’ clan crest tattooed just below his throat pit – his body was hardly a secret to the clan; modesty was not something they ever gave much for in the North. Everyone had seen each other naked at some point, and Hux knew he had a body to be proud of. But no one had been prepared for what hid under master Ren’s black robes. To say he was well muscled would be an understatement; the pale bordering on translucent skin stretched over hard lines of well chiselled muscles, birthmarks and moles like constellations here and there, and a multitude of scars told of a lifetime of violence. Then there were the tattoos. Hux had never seen so much ink on one body before, and if the excited murmur spreading through the crowd was any indication, neither had the rest of his clan. Symmetrical patterns of runes and symbols covered most of his torso, two large, thorn-like swirls covered his pectorals and stretched outwards toward his shoulders. The pattern continued down his arms, interrupted here and there by more symbols and runes. Two snakes curled around his beautiful long legs, beginning at his ankles and making their way up around his shins and thighs, their heads – reared and angry – meeting in the centre between his hips, just above the upper hem of the loincloth. They were surprisingly expressive despite being so stylized. As he turned slightly, catching Eira on his hand, Hux could see a raven in the same style as the snakes spreading its wings across his shoulders, reaching down a bit on his back. More of those strange patterns and runes surrounded it – accentuating the lines of muscles and tendons in a most flattering way. Even his feet were tattooed, as was his throat. He was simply… magnificent . They joined hands as the drums began a new rhythm; tentative, slow, building up to something in much the same way as the air before a thunderstorm. Aya picked up a length of braided silk rope, red, white, and black – to symbolize joy, hardships, and devotion – and wrapped it around their hands and forearms as she chanted in the sacred language of the Crows to bring the Gods’ attention to the event. When they were tied together, she took a step back and nodded towards Ren. “Cease your restless flight, Crow,” she said, speaking the ancient phrases with experienced ease. “Time has come for you to nest in the safety under your warchief’s wings. Before your Gods and this land, I command you: take your vow, and search no more.” Ren met Hux eyes, and took a deep breath to steady himself, before straightening up to his full height, and speaking the words that forever took his freedom and life – entrusting them to his warchief, and hoping they’d be treasured. “I, Kylo Ren, son of no one,” he said, voice loud and clear. “Master of the Knights of Ren, and Crow of the House of Night, stand before you – unmasked, unhidden – to pledge before the rising sun my service to you, Braith Hux of the North. I will hold no secrets you cannot share, my heart will be as bare to you as my skin is now. My sword is yours to wield, my hands are yours to guide. Wherever my service takes me, I will go willingly – I make this choice for myself. I trust you not to clip my wings but allow me to fly. My life, and the life of all the creatures bound to me, is yours to give or take. If I fail you, may the Gods strike me dead.” The phrases which had sounded silly in Hux’ ears when he read them on paper suddenly seemed to carry the weight of a mountain when spoken in Ren’s voice – thick with emotion, fully aware of the gravity of what he was saying. Hux could walk away then and there if he wished, having not yet said his part – but the second Ren began speaking, his life had ceased to be his own. He would be bound forever to Hux, regardless of what the warchief did. It took an astounding amount of courage to pledge one’s life away like that, and Hux had to swallow hard to overcome the sudden swell of emotions surging through him. Aya nodded to him, and Hux squeezed his Crow’s hands a little tighter in reassurance, before speaking his part. “I, Braith Hux, son of Brendol, warchief of the clan Hux, stand before you – crownless, unhidden – to pledge before the rising sun my commitment to you, Kylo Ren of the House of Night. I will hold no secrets you cannot share, my heart will be as bare to you as my skin is now. Before the Gods and my clan I pledge to keep you safe from whatever may threaten you, to never steer your sword or hands in the wrong direction, to always bestow upon you the honour and appreciation that your position demands. I fully accept your service, and I swear that here your wings will never be clipped or bound. If I lie, may the Gods strike me dead.” The shy smile on Ren’s lips made standing outside in nothing but a slip of fabric in front of half his clan all worth it. He realized that Ren must have been steeling himself, prepared to face a life bound to a master who didn’t want him. Briefly he wondered to himself how often that actually happened. Were there Crows out there right now, bound to a life of loneliness and solitude because they were sent to masters that did not care for them. It made his mind recoil in horror. Aya motioned for the drummers to pick up the pace again, then picked up a bowl containing a mix of clay from the land and red pigment, making it resemble half coagulated blood. She drew a large rune on their backs first, and then their chests, as she said: “Your union has been witnessed by the land. As long as you stand by each other, your steps shall never falter, no roots shall ever cause you to stumble, and the road shall always deliver you safely back home.” Then she picked up another vessel, containing water from the creek running past the sacred grove. She gently scooped it up and poured it carefully over their heads. “Your union has been witnessed by the waters. As long as you stand by each other, your cups shall never empty, no draught shall ever cause you to starve, and the waters shall always carry you safely ashore.” Next, a shallow bowl full of ashes from the branches of the trees surrounding the field mixed with various medicinal herbs. She drew a line from their eyes to their chin on both sides of their faces, then a rune just above the hem of their loincloths. “Your union has been witnessed by the flames. As long as you stand by each other, your nights will never be cold, no fire shall ever lick the walls of your home, and the flames shall always guide your way back home.” Lastly, she reached for a plate upon which a cone of incense was giving off a strange, musky-smelling sort of smoke. With the help of a feather, she blew the smoke over them both – from feet to heads. “Your union has been witnessed by the winds. As long as you stand by each other, your arrows will never miss their marks, no storm shall ever bring you to your knees, and the winds shall always carry your flocks with care.” She untied their hands, then tied the rope loosely around their waists instead, allowing them room to move only a few feet away from each other should they wish to. As she was picking up the last two objects from the altar behind her – a knife and a small silver goblet – the drums reached their crescendo, the silence itself nearly deafening as it struck when she reached out and cut Ren across his forearm, collecting the blood in the goblet, before doing the same thing with Hux. Pouring some water in it and using her knife to mix it together, she whispered the last sacred words in the Crow tongue before handing the goblet to Ren. He held it reverently between his hands as he stepped closer to Hux, holding it to his lips. “Blood of my blood,” he said. “We are one.” Hux drank his half, finding the copper tang oddly appealing, before taking the goblet and repeating back both words and action. “Blood of my blood. We are one.” Ren drank, and as soon as Hux removed the goblet from his lips, Aya raised her arms in a gesture of triumph. “Before the Gods,” she called. “Before the lands, the bird, the clan, I declare Kylo Ren the chosen and bonded Crow of Sky Castle!” The ground shook with the force of the cheering that erupted following her statement; feet stomping the ground, hands banging against ceremonial shields, whistles and howls tearing up the morning air. The birds joined in, and for a while it was absolutely impossible to hear anything else. Hux took a deep breath as he reached for Ren’s hand and began gently leading him away from the field, towards the sacred grove. This was the easy part – the lack of clothing and blood drinking being the two main things setting it apart from a traditional wedding ceremony. Technically, what followed next was also part of a traditional wedding ceremony – but this time there was one very distinct difference: Ren was not performing the next step as himself, and neither was Hux. His Crow represented the land, Hux himself the clan – this was all about dominance and submission. Only like this would Ren’s pledge of allegiance be solidified, his trust in Hux proven – his life truly surrendered to his master’s hands. A baldachin had been put up in front of the altar, soft carpets and furs were placed on the ground underneath it along with large cushions and pillows, to ensure their comfort during the next few hours. They were not allowed to speak to each other until after this, to maintain their symbolic roles and keep from bringing the personal into the realm of ritual. The silence was almost palpable, but not at all uncomfortable. Sound didn’t travel past the trees, and the thick undergrowth ensured that they were out of sight within a few steps of the treeline. It was only them and the grove now, and no one in the clan was stupid enough to venture even close to it until they both emerged again. Even the birds had elected to give them their privacy, and now guarded the grove from any curious people. This was it. Hux gently led his new Crow onto the furs, helping him lay down on his back and making sure he was resting comfortably against the pillows before reaching down and removing Ren’s loincloth followed by his own. By the Gods, he was so beautiful Hux’ heart ached! All of that pale skin in sharp contrast to the blackness of his tattoos and the hard lines of his muscles – Hux wished they’d had more time so he could worship this beautiful creature properly, and without rules. For now, though, he settled for gently caressing and kissing his way up Ren’s body, starting with those impressive thighs and moving up across his stomach and chest. Taking extra care with lips and teeth on that long, mesmerizing neck – biting a mark just above the junction between neck and his left shoulder, the warchief relished the shivers he felt under his still caressing hands. A soft moan escaped the Crow’s lips, and nothing in this world could have stopped the ginger from covering those lips with his own, coaxing the younger man into a deep, slow kiss. Ren’s hands settled in his hair, massaging his scalp and gently pulling at it until he’d drawn out a moan from his master as well. Hux was hard now, much more so and much sooner than he’d expected from such a situation, and he had to reign himself in so that he wouldn’t go against the ritual. Searching those large, dark amber eyes for permission Hux’ hands moved downward, exploring, stroking, admiring. A shy nod, a bite of that plump lower lip, and they kissed again, Hux spreading Ren’s legs wider to make better room for himself, and nearly spilled at the discovery that his Crow had saved him the trouble of preparation. He was already ready and waiting for his warchief to lay claim to him. It made sense, of course, given the fact that he was acting as symbol of the ripe and fruitful lands inhabited by Hux’ clan, but it was still maddeningly arousing. Aligning himself, he captured Ren’s lips again as he slowly pushed inside the softest, most unbearably tight heat he’d ever known – unable to stop himself from groaning loudly against Ren’s neck as he bottomed out. Their pace was slow, even, and although Hux could feel the tension in Ren’s muscles – the tremor caused by remaining still and pliant despite wanting to act and react – the Crow followed with every last little gesture of command he was given. From his lips fell cascades of whimpers, gasps, and soft moans, and his legs were curled around Hux’s hips like a vice – keeping him deep inside. Hux was kind to him, but demanding; the Gods would have no room to doubt that this warchief was in full control and command of his land and that which belonged to it. He would allow no doubt that this Crow had submitted to him and him alone. Their climax built slowly, but came crashing down over them both like an avalanche – their breath being stolen away, muscles seizing, throats constricting, their minds somehow connecting, melting together, as their release was practically torn out of them; the sensation so overwhelming that it ripped all coherent thoughts from them. The Gods must have felt the force of it even in their sacred skies. Hux collapsed on top of Ren, and they simply lay like that for the better part of an hour, too tired and weak to do much else but allow their hearts time to find their proper rhythm again. Once they were able to move, Hux most reluctantly pulled out, and helped clean them both up, before they turned the attention to the small table of food and drinks that had been brought to the grove. After more than a full day without food and drink they were both ravenously hungry, and they went at the food with great enthusiasm. Once they’d had their fill, they curled up among the pillows again, Ren with his head on Hux’ chest, and his warchief putting his arms securely around him after throwing a blanket over them both. They had a few hours to go yet before the great sacrifice began, and Gods know they both needed some rest before cleaning up and facing their clan again. And Hux couldn’t shake the feeling that Ren needed this. Needed to be cared for, to know that Hux cared enough to hold him while he slept even though he had no obligation to do so since they hadn’t lain together as themselves but rather symbols of their respective station. Ren wasn’t the land, he was a person; a powerful but oh so young and tormented man, whose experience of kindness and care seemed non-existent. Carding his fingers through that glorious mane, Hux hummed a lullaby until they were both asleep. ~*~*~ At noon the drums began again, as Ren – shirtless, dressed in a long, flowing piece of black fabric, which was hung low on his hips and held together with a broad silver belt – began the demanding task of sacrificing a total of twenty-eight people to the Gods. He was joined by the visiting Crows in the ritual chanting, the clan once more aiding the drummers by stomping on the ground and banging their fists against shields. With every heart carved out, loud cheers erupted and mugs of strong alcoholic beverages were passed around. As the hours progressed, their Crow seemed to slip further and further into a deep trance like state, caused by the suggestive rhythm of the drums, the smell of blood, and the sacred herbs liberally poured onto the pyres and put into the mugs of water he was occasionally handled, in order to allow him to transcend his limited human form and become a living threshold between Gods and mortals. He was soaked in blood, from his nails and up to his elbows his skin was dark red, it ran in thick rivulets down his chest and staining his silver belt before getting lost in the folds of the black fabric. His face was in much the same state, and the tattoos on his feet were barely visible under their crimson coating. His hair was plastered to his skin in places, and his pupils were blown so wide from herbs and drums his eyes were nearly all black – the look in them nothing like Ren’s own; an untamed, feral, thirsty gaze met each new sacrifice. The last three to be led naked down to the field to meet their deaths were the enemy Crows. The moon was already sinking down, time running steadily towards the new dawn, as Ren took their hearts before his assisting Crows gathered their blood in a large barrel, and their corpses mounted on large wooden crosses placed on the other side of the obelisk. The drums were near frantic in their rhythm now, the clan and the Crows alike nearing the point of complete, maddened ecstasy, as Ren climbed on top of the altar, spreading his arms out – knives in his hands – tilting his head towards the sky as he performed the last of the chants, his voice echoing across the land; ragged and hoarse from so many hours of non stop singing. The other Crows, dressed in similar garments, stepped up onto the altar as well, and with collected effort from the Force, they poured the collected blood over his waiting form. They called for the Gods’s attention, for them to witness the rightful punishment against those who had wrongfully named themselves their children. They called for the Gods to see their strong, true Child bathed in the blood of the unworthy – the blood of those he himself had exposed and executed. The roar of the crowd, the sound of the drums, the manic chanting of the Crows all came to a stop at the same, golden moment – the rapture spreading through the people like shockwaves, a unison scream, a climax, and then: silence. A sliver of light could be seen against the horizon – the solstice had passed. Now, they could only pray and hope that the Gods were pleased with their sacrifice and that their harvests would be bountiful this year, too. The clan in its entirety knelt in reverence as their blood-soaked holy ones stepped off the altar, and slowly left the field. Their steps were heavy, shoulders hung low, exhaustion clear on their still drug affected faces as they followed Ren up the road. None of them would take part in the feast the coming evening – they had earned their rest. The clan would make sure they were treated to only the best they had to offer for next few days. Let it never be said that clan Hux was negligent in the care of its sacred Crows. Notes: *looks around nervously* Hi... First of all! I will be alternating the updates for this fic and the new one, Bloodsoaked Lullabies, because I've learned the hard way that if I write two different chapters for two different stories at once, I go cray cray. So. Yeah. Don't worry if the updates take a while, it's just me trying to hang onto what little sanity I possess^^ Writing the rituals was hard, you guys. Seriously. I'm a complete nerd when it comes to history and religion, and I'm a research fanatic, so I was driving myself mad with the details. Ugh. But all things considered, I think it came out alright. I had not really planned on the smut bit, to be honest, but it sort of happened anyway. It's not the most exciting or passionate scene I've ever written, but hey - this is ritual sex. It's not really supposed to be all that enjoyable to the participants. It's all about symbolism and meaning, and they both know that. Regardless of their interest in each other, they have to maintain some sort of... professionalism for lack of a better word. I'm a religious studies gradstudent, can you tell? Anyway, we got some more Ren/Hux interaction, some interaction between Ren and his birds, and Hux being suspicious of a loofa. It could've been worse, I think. As always, I'm available on Tumblr -> http://ficlet-machine.tumblr.com Chapter 7 : Tales of Woe and Wooing Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “This whole journey is stupid, Ren,” Askr grumbled. “And his horse is daft. I don’t want to be tied next to him another night. Did you know he told the mares they looked fat? You don’t ever tell a mare they look fat, Ren. We owe them our lives. Bad luck to insult someone who could’ve been your mother.” Ren failed to hold back a laugh, and patted his neck. Hux looked over at him, an eyebrow raised in question. “Askr doesn’t like your horse,” he informed his warchief. “He’s rude to the mares, and Askr would rather not be guilty by association.” Hux looked confused for a moment, before throwing his head back and laughing. “Well, no one can accuse him of having a pleasant personality, that’s for sure,” he chuckled, and stroked the white mane of his own horse, Béla. “Did you just tell on me, Ren? You did, didn’t you?” Askr sounded absolutely betrayed. “Oh, calm down, Askr,” Ren soothed. “He’s not going to be mad at you.” “If he is, I’ll bite your giant nose right off your face.” “You’re welcome to try.” Ren leaned forward and scratched a spot on Askr’s shoulder he knew the horse liked. “But if you play nicely, I’ll let you have two extra apples with your food tonight.” “Green ones?” “Green ones.” “I’ll try.” “That’s all I’ll ever ask for.” Askr tossed his head, then put on his most majestic posture as he danced back up next to Hux and Béla, giving the white horse a haughty look. Clan Hux was on the move; through collective efforts from the various chieftains Hux ruled over, the lands formerly belonging to the clans Tannis, Valko, and Jonah had been conquered, and now Hux was making his way to their respective castles to officially claim them as his. Escorting them were a hundred of his own men, and a few representatives from their vassal clans – all led by Phasma and her high guard. They could do this without much worry; the main part of his clan were still at Skye Castle, keeping it safe and guarded under the watchful eye of another one of Hux’ aunts, Mai – and besides, the three clans they’d just conquered had their territories directly bordering on clan Hux’. If anyone wanted to try something, they’d still be spotted long before they’d set foot on this land. Half of Ren’s giant flock of birds, Gods alone knew how many a hundred animals, had come with them, and seemed to rather enjoy the outing. They flew in billowing clouds this way and that, monitoring the area, and reporting back to Ren. The birds who were taking a break in their flying perched themselves on just about anything they found convenient; the warriors, the standards, the horses, the hounds, and the luggage – but no one really seemed to mind it, if the broad grins and more or less discreet handing out of tasty little nibbles was anything to go by. Eira had stayed behind to keep watch on the flock back at the castle, and Hux could tell that Ren missed her. His hand kept going to his shoulder where she was usually perched, but instead of finding a soft, feathered chin to stroke, there was only air – and every time his face would fall just a little, just for a moment, before he schooled it back into something more neutral. The warchief could have sworn he could actually feel Ren’s discomfort in his own heart. It wasn’t the only thing he’d noticed over the past two weeks, either. Given, for the first few days after the great sacrifice and bonding, the clan in its entirety had been too tired and too hung-over to tell a cow from a wolf, and Ren had slept for three days straight – worrying Hux enough for him to actually stagger up the stairs to see if he was still alive. But once his mind had cleared some, and Ren had re-joined the ranks of the living, he’d started to… feel things. Something had truly happened sometime during their bonding, and he could see it now, in small, subtle ways. The first thing he’d noticed was how he suddenly seemed to just… know where Ren was, even when he couldn’t see the Crow. This revelation had come after Mitaka had come to the great hall in search of Ren, regarding some administrative matter or other, and Hux had, without even thinking about it, informed him that the Crow was down in the stables, tending to his horse. Then he’d realized that Ren hadn’t informed him of where he was going, merely stating that he had matters to attend to. This had happened nearly daily since then; if he concentrated on his Crow, he could somehow know where he was. The second thing he’d noticed was how the Crow’s presence changed the entire atmosphere around him when he was near. The skies could be as murky and gloomy as all hell, but as soon as Ren stepped into the room, he brought light with him – light, and a feeling like it was easier to breathe. It was so strange, the whole thing, and Hux wished he’d brought Tarkin’s letter with him; he distinctly remembered the old man having written something about this. Maybe he should have read the parts following the segment about the bonding more carefully. But he was pleased to notice that Ren seemed much more relaxed and comfortable in his presence now. The young Crow was still rather awkward around others, but whenever they were in the same room, he seemed to almost instinctually gravitate towards Hux – and he had even stopped flinching when the warchief touched him. He still buckled under a heap of insecurities, but seemed more at ease with the thought of sharing them with Hux now. A delightfully sassy side of him had also begun to surface, and though Hux would pretend to be exasperated with his Crow’s antics, he actually enjoyed it immensely – something he tried to keep Phasma from noticing, because her suggestive grins and wiggling eyebrows whenever Ren and him were closer than six feet to each other was beginning to drive him mad. While he would jump at the chance to have Ren in his bed again, he knew a lot better than Phasma just how frail the Crow really was, and he’d rather not traumatize the young man further. For now, it was more than enough to know that Ren felt safe enough in his presence to relax and show more sides of himself – other things could wait for another day. They made camp that night on a small field where the border between the two territories had previously run. Hux’ men and women were used to being in the field, and the tents, along with the fires, and the temporary paddocks for their horses were set up in no time. Once the servants informed him that his tent was ready and waiting, Hux wasted no time getting inside so he could remove his armour and padding. It was too bloody hot for this, he thought to himself, as he changed into a lighter tunic and pulled his hair back into a tail at his neck. Once he was starting to cool down some, he set about making his bed – always having preferred to do it himself, since the servants always seemed to put too many bloody blankets in there. The rustle of heavy fabric informed him that Ren had just entered the ante-room of the tent, and a second later, the Crow put his small saddle bags down on the bed next to his. He didn’t seem too bothered by the heat at all, despite his dark clothing, but he did remove his gloves with apparent relief – flexing his long fingers, before pulling his cowl off and opening the top button of his outer robe. “I don’t know how you survive this heat, Ren,” Hux said. Ren looked over at him and smiled. “Many years of training, my lord,” he said. “But I have to admit that I do prefer somewhat cooler temperatures." “Do you still have to keep all those layers on, even in heat like this?” Hux had to admit he was curious. Tarkin had always worn his midnight, but he was built like kriffing skeleton, so Hux had always figured he needed the extra warmth of the wool. “Yes,” Ren said, lying down to stretch his back. “Apart from when I’m alone, I’m only allowed to be seen without my robes by my bonded warchief, or during sacrifices. My body isn’t supposed to be viewed by just anyone – that would put me at the same level as them, as an ordinary man. I’m a Crow, I work in the world, I take part in its happenings, but I’m not a part of it. I’m not a man in the sense that you are, my lord. I am your Crow, your weapon. I am a thousand things before I am allowed to call myself man. Surely my dear predecessor told you this?” Hux shook his head, trying to wrap his head around the complexities of the Crows and their lives. “No,” he said. “He never really spoke much about being a Crow at all.” He hesitated, the question burning in his mind could so easily be misinterpreted, and he was afraid he’d accidentally insult Ren. “But…” He took a deep breath. “If you Crows are not to be a part of this world then how come… Tarkin and my grandfather, from what I’ve come to understand, were lovers. Actual committed life partners to each other. Is that even allowed, then? Are you allowed to give your heart like that to someone?” The second he’d asked the question, the air felt heavy, tense – laden with… something they’d so far never dared mention to each other. Ren had that shy look on his face again, but there was insecurity too, apprehensiveness, as if he was afraid of answering, afraid of having this conversation. “Love is a force of nature, my lord,” he said, eventually. “Not of the Gods. It is not theirs to forbid or restrict. The Doves have tried to do so for millennia, and all they have managed is to make people fear their own emotions. A person who is afraid of parts of themself, natural aspects of their soul, is only ever going to be half a person. You can’t live like that. You just can’t .” He fixed Hux with those beautiful, sad eyes. “Maintaining balance of everything that you are, accepting it without letting it consume you, is the greatest challenge one can ever face, but also the only possible way. You can’t pick light or dark, my lord. This world is made up of both, and so you need both. So, in answer to your question: yes, I am allowed to fall in love. But only… only with you.” Hux swallowed several times, his mouth suddenly gone very dry, and his heart was beating like mad in his chest as he ungracefully sank down on his own bed – trying to take in the implications of what Ren had just said. He knew he had to ask. This frail, trembling moment might be the only chance he’d get. He had to ask. “If… If I asked your permission to court you, w-would you let me?” Hux had never felt this awkward before. He hadn’t stuttered while expressing romantic interest to someone since before he grew a beard, but for some reason Ren always made him feel things he wasn’t used to feeling. Ren’s eyes had widened at the question, the fear in them, the sadness, only becoming clearer as a blush crept over his cheeks. He turned away, not wanting to meet Hux’ gaze. “Please don’t jest,” he pleaded in a mere whisper. “Please, my lord. I’m your weapon, not your toy.” “I wasn’t jesting.” “What...?” “I wasn’t jesting, Ren.” He sighed. “You can look at my mind if you need to. I would never take advantage of you in any way. I swear it on the lives of my children." Ren turned to look at him again, and then he felt a gentle, nudging sensation in his mind. It didn’t feel too bad, he decided, as he did his best to relax and let his Crow find the reassurance he needed. Given the exceptionally bright blush spreading across his features, Ren found it, and then some. Well, Hux would rather the Crow knew exactly how he made his warchief feel than knowing he felt scared and unsure of his intentions. Eventually, Ren’s presence in his mind withdrew – although apparently not completely – and the Crow was silent for a long while. “I- I think I would like that, my lord,” he said, voice small. “But I’ve never… no one’s ever expressed such interest in me before. I don’t really know… what is expected of me.” “Nothing you are not prepared to give,” Hux assured him. “I will never ask you for anything you don’t feel comfortable giving.” He walked over and knelt beside Ren’s bed, carefully taking his hands in his own. “If all you can bear is to let me hold your hands, then that is what I’ll do. My… attraction to you does not affect my awareness of your station – it merely gives me twice the reason to be gentle with you.” Ren looked at their hands, Hux’ pale, calloused and freckled, holding his own large, pale, long-fingered ones as if they were some sort of treasure, some fragile thing. “M-may I call you ‘Hux’?” he asked. “When we’re alone, I mean.” The warchief’s smile was like a sunrise. “Nothing would make me happier,” he said. “But please, when we’re alone, I’d like you to call me by my first name. And, if you would let me, I would like to do the same with you.” Ren bit his lip, hesitating a little, then nodded – that little smile of his slowly spreading across his features. “I’d like that.” He watched their entwined hands for a moment. “But I think I still need this to go slow. I… this is nothing I was ever prepared for. I need you to show me the way, my lo- Braith.” “We have all the time in the world, Kylo. All the time you need.” ~*~*~ Leia of house Organa, queen of Alderaan and D’Qar, sat on her throne, deep in thoughts – only listening with half an ear to the conversations of the people in her throne room. In her fifties now, she was an impressive figure, emanating an aura of control and command, paired with a piercing gaze and sharp mind – priding herself on being at an age now when she no longer had to bother with pleasantries or romance. She was born to rule, and after Alderaan had fallen to another, she simply gathered her forces and moved on to conquer and rule D’Qar instead. With her brother and his Doves by her side, she’d been highly successful, and she took pride in being a devoted follower of the God of Mornings. It was summer now, and she was growing restless. It had been more than a decade since she’d last gone to war, taking time instead to raise her adoptive daughter, and while it had been a decade of growth and prosperity for her country, Leia still missed the war. A part of her knew full well that she never was the kind who did well with peace; she needed a conflict to focus on, an enemy to conquer. Rey was almost all grown up now, ready to take on more responsibilities, and the queen found less and less reasons for not making another attempt at conquering the world. The slight nudge of a presence in her mind informed her that her brother had returned to the palace, and, quite frankly, she’d had enough of shallow, arse kissing idiots for the day. Getting up from her seat, she hardly gave her guards the time to follow as she strode across the massive room – smirking inwardly at the hurried bows and curtseys as her underlings scrambled to get out of her way whilst simultaneously paying her due respect. Luke was in the palace garden, of course, feeding his birds seeds and breadcrumbs as he waited for her to join him. Leia knew she would never see him bow; to Luke Leia was always first and foremost his sister, and only after that his queen. He patted the empty seat next to him on the bench, and she sank down – taking a moment to enjoy the peaceful quiet before nodding for him to speak. “There’s something stirring up in the North,” he said, blue eyes tired, concerned. “There’s always something stirring up in the North,” Leia said dismissively. “Those savages probably don’t even have a word for ‘peace’ in their crude language.” “It’s more than that, this time.” Luke’s voice was grim, very unusual for him, and Leia motioned for him to get on with it. “The Knights of Ren have risen again. More than half the North is engaged in clan wars, more bloody than anything I’ve ever seen. There’s this one warchief, Hux, who seems to conquer every last bit of land he steps onto. Only recently, he slaughtered three clans in one day, and now he’s taking over their territories as well. There are rumours… that his Crow is one of the Knights.” “This is serious,” Leia agreed. “I think we all hoped the Knights would be only a bad memory after Emperor Palpatine and his thrice cursed Crow died. It’s disconcerting to hear that they’re back. But the Crows are their masters’ puppets, and as long as they keep fighting each other, I seriously doubt we’ll have much to worry about. Let them kill each other; the less people we have to fight when we take over, the better.” Luke took her hand, fixing her gaze to his. “There’s more,” he said, pain clear in his voice. “I don’t know if you want to hear this, sister dearest. It kills me to be the bringer of this kinds of news, especially now that you are so happy.” Leia had an awful, sinking feeling. Please don’t let it be Han , she prayed to her god. Please don’t take him from me. Anything but that! “Just… just say it, Luke,” she urged, steeling herself. Her Dove swallowed hard, but nodded. “Hux’ Crow, master Ren… I’ve managed to get hold of a description of him. Leia, he… He looks like Ben. Like Ben would if he’d lived. I think… I think it might be him." “No.” “Leia-” “No!” “Leia, he’s still your son.” Luke pulled her into her arms, and she realized she was crying only when he used the sleeve of his robe to gently dab her face. “No! That accursed bastard is dead, Luke! He has to be! It’s not Ben! It cannot be Ben! Do you hear me, Luke? It cannot be Ben! ” ~*~*~ Clan Valko’s ancestral home was an impressive sight, Hux had to admit to himself as they rode through the village spreading out around it, with its high walls and sleek spires stretching for the sky. The villagers greeted them with loud cheers, flowers, and home made banners bearing the Hux clan’s insignia. It was, on the whole, a rather loud affair, and only years of experience handling Béla kept the large stallion from doing more than dance nervously under him. Phasma kept the guards close around him without making him look too unapproachable, making sure they all made a good impression on their new vassals. Just behind him, Askr’s signature grumbles could be heard, along with the gentle, murmured soothing of Ren’s voice. The giant steed obviously did not care for the present situation, and as the Crow allowed him to come up next to Hux and Béla, Hux could actually see the displeasure on his face. He’d never met a horse with such an expressive face before in his life, but he could see why Ren was so fond of him; Askr had more personality than many of his warriors. “That’s a fine looking castle, Hux,” Ren smiled. “You sure you don’t want to abandon Sky Castle and come live here on the plain?” “Over my dead body, Ren,” Hux laughed. “I’m giving Enna run of this place – she’s gotten a bit restless of late. Would probably be good for her to have people of her own to order around. Gods know I’m getting tired of her trying that with me.” "She is a very domineering woman. I think most of your men are frightened of her.” “You’re not.” “Well, haven’t we made clear that I am not ‘most men’?” “We sure have.” Both men chuckled, and continued the rest of the way to the castle in comfortable silence. The castle had been well taken care of, and it seemed the villagers had already stripped it of any symbols belonging to clan Valko. Their former lord couldn’t have been a very kind one, if they were this eager to welcome a new ruler to their lands. Hux was used to receiving various different kinds of greetings – from pitchforks and rotten garbage, to cheers and singing – but it always both irked and pleased him when he was so immediately welcomed. It irked him because he loathed the warchiefs who treated their people as if they were there for their convenience; there to work themselves into an early grave while their warchief sat on his arse, getting fatter every winter. People like that had no right to bear that title. To be a warchief meant to be responsible and caring for your entire people, from your high officers down to the latrine cleaners. His father had been like that, too, and Hux had made sure he knew the errors of his ways before the Goddess took him to the ancestors. But it did please him to know his reputation as a fair ruler had travelled, and that people considered it a good thing to belong to him and his clan. It made it that much easier to get everything to run smoothly once his vassal chieftain had been installed. Once the large banners were properly mounted on the castle walls, the party started. It was almost as if the people had been waiting for a signal, the way they all scrambled to gather their contributions to the feast. Hux had wasted no time announcing Enna’s new title, and to his aunt’s credit, she handled her surprise promotion with outstanding grace – only yelling at him later, when no one could hear them. But it seemed to have been a wise move to give them a female leader, if the conversations he overheard were anything to go by. It was the general consensus that ruling was a woman’s job, and that old warchief Valko had proven their point with his tyrannical ways. Hux remembered from his schooling that the Valko clan had been ruled by women for centuries, Esra Valko being the first male warchief in generations, simply because he had been born an only child. Yes, Enna would do well here, he had no doubt about that. Just because they didn’t get along much it didn’t mean Hux thought badly of her leadership skills. She’d earned her officer’s rank fair and square, and none of her warriors had ever had reason to complain. She and Hux simply had poor chemistry between them, but neither one would ever let that affect the wellbeing of their clan. Enna’s loyalty was carved in stone. Sometime around midnight, Ren made his escape back to the room he’d quietly asked to share with Hux, to avoid ending up in the old Crow’s nest. He said the Force imprint of him would still be there, and it would not be at all beneficial to him or his chances of sleeping. Hux didn’t comment on Ren’s barely existent, nightmare-ridden sleep, and instead told him that he’d be honoured to share his quarters with his Crow. Hux couldn’t blame the Crow for wanting to leave the feast; it was incredibly loud, there were people absolutely everywhere, and they had been so excited over the presence of a Crow in the castle that Ren had nearly drowned in excited new Huxes wanting to touch him and speak to him. It was anything but an ideal situation for him, and he’d sent a thankful nod to Phasma, who had also noticed the young man’s distress and provided a distraction while he escaped through a side door. Now, Hux felt a headache coming on, and that side door looked more appealing by the minute. After managing to signal his departure to his aunt, he informed Phasma that he was retiring for the night, and went up to the room – relishing the silence and cool air of the hallways after so many hours in the hot and noisy great hall. Ren was sitting cross-legged on the bed, meditating from the looks of it, and Hux poured himself some wine from a pitcher some servant had placed on the small desk, before sinking down on the padded bench under the window to let the night breeze alleviate his headache some. He watched his Crow with a fond smile. Ren had taken a risk, and removed both cowl, gloves, and boots, and his outer robe had been unbuttoned halfway down his chest – revealing the equally black tunic underneath. The pale skin of his neck, hands, and feet made a stark contrast to both his robes and the darkness of the room, and Hux really wanted to touch him. He knew better than to disturb Ren, though, and instead studied his face – the serene look only making him appear younger than he was, yet at the same time his entire appearance clearly displayed power and wisdom. He looked frail, almost ethereal, and yet as solid as if made of stone. It fascinated Hux how a person could be so many contradicting things at the same time, and he felt a deep sense of awe that just yesterday, this incredible person had allowed Hux to openly court him. Though Ren hadn’t even been with them for half a year, Hux’ feelings for his Crow had already reached deeper and more profound levels than he’d ever felt for either of his wives. A part of him supposed he should feel bad about it, but another part simply did not care. They were with the ancestors, they’d died honourably, and Hux had mourned them properly. It was all in the past now, whereas Ren was both past and future simply for being who he was. Ren would always be by his side – it was the will of the Gods, after all. He was pulled out of his musings, when suddenly Ren jerked back into reality, eyes wide and shocked. He swallowed several times, running a hand over his face, as if to wipe something unpleasant off it, and he was breathing heavily. Once he noticed Hux by the window, he managed a shaky smile. “The Force is unstable here,” he said. “Difficult to get a clear vision. Too much disturbance.” “What were you trying to see?” Hux asked curiously as he poured another cup of wine and handed it to Ren, who drank a few large gulps before answering. “The present. The future. Anything helpful. I got a bad feeling.” “What sort of bad feeling?” “I couldn’t see much, but… I don’t know. There was blood. And snow. Blood on the snow. I don’t know whom it belonged to. There was pain. So much pain. Despair.” “You think someone might go to war against us during the winter?” Ren looked down, biting his lip. “No,” he said. “I don’t think it’s the whole clan. I got a feeling it was personal.” “Do you know who it showed?” “No. If there hadn’t been so much disturbance, I might have. I’ll try again when we’re home. I don’t want anyone hurt because of an unclear vision of mine.” He sighed. “I think I need some rest.” Hux nodded, and they both dressed down to their undershirts and trousers before getting in the large bed – large enough to fit at least three more people. Ren looked like he wanted to ask something, but not being sure how, fiddling with the covers anxiously. Hux wasn’t stupid; he had eyes to see with, and he could tell that whatever vision his Crow just had, it had shaken him up rather badly, and he most likely needed some comfort. Comfort being something he had admitted to not really ever receiving, and therefore something he had no idea how to ask for. “Kylo,” he said, gently, and reached out – pulling the younger man close. “Come here.” Once Ren had relaxed enough to hide his face under Hux’ chin, resting a hand over his warchief’s heart, Hux put his arms around him and began humming the same lullaby as he’d sang after they’d bonded. It seemed to do the trick, and soon his Crow’s breath grew slow and even, his hand relaxing against his chest as sleep enveloped him. Hux stayed awake a little longer, just in case, but eventually the sheer peacefulness lulled him into sleep as well. Notes: Those of you who hang out on tumblr with me already know this, but this chapter was one long battle against various miniature writer's blocks, a plot that decided to screw my plan over and do something else, paired with me driving myself up the walls with the details. So. Uhm, yeah. This chapter ended up a bit shorter than the previous ones, but I kinda had to admit defeat. But stuff is beginning to pick up pace now, and soon it'll start to get really interesting! Hux finally grew a backbone and asked to court Ren - which was not at all planned this way, but I decided that I like it, so I stuck with it. And poor, precious Ren, and his incredible cluelessness about the whole relationship bit! Oh dear, Hux's got a lot of responsibility on his shoulders now. And Leia... well, eh. You'll get a better picture of her in the upcoming chapters, I promise! Also, I'm terrible at answering your comments, because I get so happy, and then I don't know what to say, and suddenly it's been a week, and then it feels embarrassing - rinse and repeat. But I do love them! And I'm glad you all like this little universe. Come chat with me on Tumblr -> ficlet-machine.tumblr.com, and we can be nerdy together! Chapter 8 : A Crown For Your Beloved Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) After that night at the newly re-named Sunstride Hall a few weeks ago, Hux and Ren had shared their bed every night. It was, of course a bit difficult to do so with the beds in their tents, and in the end Hux had let out a long string of profanities, tossed the beds out, and simply made a nest for them out of their beddings right on the ground. When Ren had asked if that was a good idea, considering people might gossip, Hux had huffed that he had no intention whatsoever of treating Ren as some manner of dirty secret. Better that people knew from the start; that way they’d get over any sensation seeking urges of theirs before it could do much damage. Ren had blushed bright red, but smiled like a sunrise – especially when Hux pulled him down with him into the nest and hid him against his chest, enjoying the closeness. That was as far as they’d gotten, really. A few kisses on Ren’s head or hand, and Hux being allowed to pull him close and put an arm around his waist outside their rooms, too, but so far Ren was not ready for more than that. At the moment, they were out for a stroll a little way off from their current camp. Ren had taken one look at the vast expense of colourful flowers growing in the field and declared his intentions to gather as much of them as he could since many of them were very useful as medicinal herbs as well. Hux offered to come with him, promising he’d carry the bread and wine Ren was bringing, and the blanket to sit on. His Crow gracefully accepted his offer, hiding his cheeky smile behind the folds of his cowl. Phasma and Mitaka, both usually the ones staying close to their warchief when he wandered off like this, nearly had a fit when – to their enormous surprise – Ren informed them that they were staying behind this time. Phasma naturally bore down on her cousin as soon as he exited their tent with the light packing to question the Crow’s orders. Hux gave a grin that was far smugger than anything Phasma usually let pass, but then he leaned in and explained to them both that he had complete trust in Ren’s ability to keep them both safe, and that both of them needed this time alone. It was difficult to court someone as shy as Ren when they had half a clan bumbling around their feet at all times. At the word ‘court’ Phasma and Mitaka both dropped their protests, promising to keep it to themselves. As soon as they were out of sight of the camp, they’d joined hands. Now, Ren was stopping every other step, inspecting the flowers, smelling some, picking others, while explaining their use to Hux. The warchief was somewhat confused regarding the Crow’s large collection of aphrodisiacs, until Ren explained to him that they were also often used to aid women struggling to bear children. They were, strictly speaking, mainly for the use of those who had a womb, and wished to carry life in it. He had pointed to some other herbs and explained that those had the opposite effect, used to ensure that a womb would stay barren. Both types of herbs were vital to Ren’s work, and so he had to stock up on them when he had the chance. He now had herbs for treating a vast array of illnesses and other problems. Some of the things he picked were used for poisons, and Ren put them in a separate bag he’d brought. Hux couldn’t remember when he last felt this relaxed and… content . He could spend everyday like this, he realized, and not really miss a thing. Mentally chiding himself for acting like some stripling drunk on his first flirtatious exchanges, he tried to pull himself together before he did something stupid. Finding a small gathering of trees that offered some pleasant shade, they spread the blanket out on the ground and prepared their midday meal. Hux cut the bread and cheese in slices, pouring some salt on it, before handing one to his Crow – only to notice that he was busy doing something with the flowers, tongue poking out at the corner of his mouth in concentration. It looked quite adorable, and Hux contented himself to wait until he was finished with whatever it was he was doing. While he waited, he poured them both some wine and laid down to stretch his back and enjoy the coolness of the shade after having been out in the merciless shine of the sun for so long. Eventually, a triumphant sound came from Ren’s direction and he sat up to see what it was about. Ren was looking very excited, but also a little sheepish, and a little anxious. Hux stroked his cheek. “What have you got there?” he asked, nodding towards the flowers. Ren bit his lip. “Where I come from,” Ren said, then hesitating. “Where I was born, I mean. There was this tradition, that in the summer couples who were courting would mark their status by wearing matching crowns of flowers.” He blushed. “So, uhm, I made that. For us. Since we’re courting, I wanted to do something for you as well, since you take such gentle care of me. You don’t have to wear it if you don’t want to!” “Nothing would honour me more,” Hux grinned broadly. “Than to wear those flowers. Come now, show it to me.” Ren picked up one of the crowns, made from wood cranebill, buttercups, oxeyes, and bluebells – the signature summer flowers of the North, mixed with some strands of timothy grass for body. It was well made, Ren had obviously practiced this before. He gently put it on Hux’ head, smiling brightly at the result. “You look like the Faerie king,” he giggled. “It looks very good on you. You should wear your hair loose more often.” “The highest of praise,” Hux chuckled. “So you like my hair, then?” Ren nodded, and put the other crown in Hux’ waiting hand. “It looks like bloodied copper,” he smiled. “It’s beautiful.” He bit his lip. “You’re beautiful.” Hux smiled as he gently placed the flowers on Ren’s black locks, letting his hands trace his cheeks and jawline as he withdrew to inspect. “You look…” Hux murmured. “By the Gods, Kylo, you look so beautiful.” He swallowed. His Crow looked like something out of the faerie tales he’d been told as a child. Some dark prince of the woods; a child of Nature herself. The black of his robes and his hair contrasted against the paleness of his face and the soft colours of the flowers in the most entrancing way. He was suddenly extremely aware of the close proximity between them, of Ren’s eyes, of the scent of him mixing with the flowers. If he was to lean forward just a little, he could capture those lips with his own. A little more, and Ren would on his back underneath him. Dangerous thoughts . Very dangerous thoughts for him to think near someone so inexperienced and easily startled. But he couldn’t pull back for the life of him, couldn’t make himself move either way, couldn’t do anything but stare into those huge golden hazel orbs. “Braith,” Ren whispered, voice oddly breathless. “Yes?” “I want to, you know.” “Want what?” “What you’re thinking.” He bit his lip, the gesture wreaking havoc with Hux’ self-control. “But I’m not ready for all of it. Not yet.” “What may I do, Kylo? Tell me, please. I won’t do anything else until you give me permission. But I need you to tell me what I can do.” “Kiss me.” And kiss him, Hux did. Their lips met in a soft, chaste kiss, and they pulled away slightly to move things out of the way before Hux pulled Ren into his lap and kissed him again – both wine and bread completely forgotten in the face of these new sensations. When they arrived back at the camp, the sun was already low on the horizon, and Phasma was apparently preparing to send a search party out for them when they came back – hand in hand, and flower crowns more or less intact. Ren’s shy, yet beaming smile, gave everyone pause, and allowed the Crow to bring his newly gathered herbs into their tent without being the target of any questions or comments. Hux knew he wouldn’t get away so easily – not with thirty warriors gaping at him, and Phasma’s face showing a slightly red tint. He shot them one of his more disapproving glares, and the warriors shrunk a little. “Since you’re going to go off gossiping a bunch of nonsense otherwise,” he said. “I might as well inform you now that I am indeed courting master Ren, with his explicit permission, and anyone – and I do mean anyone – who speaks ill of him, me, or our relationship, or who engages in inappropriate speculations or jokes will be publicly flogged. You will show your Crow the respect he’s due. Understood?” The warriors nodded frantically, before scurrying off to tend to their chores. Phasma glared at him for a while, then smiled and pulled him into a hug. “I’m so happy for you, Braith,” she said. “He’s a good man, and he clearly cares for you. But you are gentle with him, I hope?” “Of course I am!” Hux huffed. “What manner of brute do you take me for?” “Men like you, who are used to getting their way, do not always react well to being denied – no matter how good men they otherwise think they are. You make our Crow cry, cousin, I’ll cut your balls off with a fruit knife.” “I’ll- I’ll remember that,” he winced. “But I promise you that there is nothing I want less in this world than for him to have any reason to cry.” “Good.” ~*~*~ The sight of Skye Castle, shimmering in the bright midday sun against the dark backdrop of Mount Starkiller, was a welcome one after nearly five weeks away. Hux had been pleased to see that all the fields were tended to, and that the livestock were roaming peacefully across the lands as they travelled home. It stroked his pride to know his people took their duties seriously, and always put their best effort into whatever task they were assigned. They would need as much supplies as they could get come spring, or the planned campaign would surely prove disastrous. Now, though, the land was showing itself from its very best side – proving his and Ren’s bonding a success. As they approached the castle, the birds shot towards the towers and spires at their greatest speed, to reunite with mates and parents. One dot, however, could instead be seen making its way towards the large party, looking like it might be almost tearing its wings from its hurry. As it got closer, they could clearly see Eira’s snowy coat, and seconds later she had buried herself against Ren’s chest, nuzzling him with her beak, flapping her wings, and cawing like mad – her talons digging themselves into his forearm for all they were worth. He held her close, kissing her little head, and murmuring soothing words into her white feathers. She didn’t calm down until they were inside the walls; Ren had had to simply let go of the reins and trust Askr to find the way on his own, because Eira required both his full attention and both his hands to handle. The horse had tossed his head and grumbled, but trotted after Hux and Béla nonetheless. It was good to be home, and both Hux and Ren were glad no feast had been prepared – they’d had quite enough of those for a while now. Hux’ hangover from the last one had lasted a full three days, and he’d been downright unbearable for most of it. The servants hurried to take care of all the horses and packing while their masters went inside to be updated on the latest happenings. Mai was Hux’ oldest aunt, his grandfather’s actual firstborn, a tall and hefty woman, with dark auburn hair and steely blue eyes. She was known for being as vicious on the battlefield as she was kind to those in need, and Hux had always held her in the deepest respect. She was currently bent over a pile of maps and letters, a pipe hanging from the corner of her mouth as she studied the items in front of her. “Aunt Mai,” Hux greeted her. She looked up, and a broad grin crossed her face as she pulled him into a massive hug, nearly choking him against her impressive bosom. “Ah, there you are, lad,” she said when she let him go. “Good to see you back home again.” She looked over to Ren and curtsied with far more grace than one might expect. “Master Ren, welcome home. You have been missed.” “Thank you, lady Mai,” Ren smiled as he made his way over to the table to have a look. “It seems that you’ve been kept busy in our absence.” She nodded and waved Hux over as well. “It’s like the whole North has gone mad,” she sighed. “Right now, it appears that we’re the only clan not currently fighting anyone. The Moragh clan has invaded the Dulesh clan’s territory – and both of them have sent for our help. They’ve been allies for centuries now; it makes no sense for them to be attacking each other. The Southerners have gotten cocky as well; just last week now, some of the clan Ryder lads caught some Core kingdom scouts and a Dove down by their southwest border, and wrote to warn us. It’s the same all over, really. There doesn’t seem to be much reason for any of the conflicts, either. It’s like a plague, I tell you.” Ren studied the map, where Mai and the officers had marked out the current conflicts, brows furrowed. He absentmindedly put Eira down on the table while he skimmed through the various letters. “This makes no sense,” he said, not looking up. “What are their Crows doing? They should be putting a stop to this, it’s part of their duty. No Crow should ever allow their warchief to go to war for no reason – and they should definitely never support it if they did.” He finally looked up at Hux and Mai. “Something is wrong here,” he said. “Something is off. If I may suggest so, I think we need to lay low for a while, and try to avoid being dragged into it as well. We’re the biggest clan in the North now, and if we’re fighting one of these pointless wars too, then who will defend the North against the Southerners? For all we know, it could very well be one of their ruses.” “I agree with master Ren,” Mai said. “This whole situation has got the wrong smell to it, and I don’t like it.” Hux nodded. “We’re laying low,” he said. “I have no plans to get involved in any more fighting before we go south next spring. We need to make sure we have as many warriors and as much supplies as possible when we do. Even if the situation hadn’t been this suspicious, I wouldn’t take that risk.” He was silent for a moment, calculating. “Send word to the border villages and garrisons. Tell them that the borders will be closed effective immediately; nothing and no one is to enter our land that doesn’t wear our mark. If anyone asks, tell them there’s a plague. Ren, we’ll need as many of your birds as possible out scouting.” Ren nodded. “A lot of them are nesting right now, but I believe I should be able to keep around a thousand or so in the air more or less constantly for a few weeks until the rest can join in.” “A thousand?” Hux and Mai both sounded shocked. Ren blushed. “Yes. I’m sorry, but that’s the best I can do. I can’t ask them to leave their nests if they’ve got hatchlings. What?” “How many birds do you actually have, Ren?” “One bird for every warrior of yours. They’ll be in the air momentarily.” He sighed. “I should probably speak to the Raven about this. He will surely know something – at least, he will if it’s the Crows that are the cause of it.” Hux nodded, and looked over at his aunt. “Thanks to the blatant incompetence of our recently defeated enemies, we’ve got about two thousand new warriors sworn in from the conquered territories,” he said. “Mitaka’s got the exact number, and Enna, Milo, and Rurik will be staying in contact during the winter. They will be ready with their troops when we need them.” “Then I’ll start giving out orders,” Mai nodded. “Lots to be done if we’re taking the South. Thank the Gods we’ve a whole winter to prepare.” She patted Hux on the shoulder. “Now, go eat something, lad. There will be time for politics in the morning. Right now, the both of you need a bath. Good heavens, you smell like an entire stable!” ~*~*~ “You seem conflicted, my little hatchling,” the smokeshape of Snoke said, peering down at Ren’s kneeling figure. “Tell me what caused such distress in you.” Ren swallowed, he didn’t really know where to start. It had taken three days for him to make contact with Snoke, which was unheard of. He guessed it was because of all the conflicts, but still he couldn’t shake the feeling that something was off. “The other Crows must have told you of this, but the entire North is at war, master,” he said. “Over nothing at all, it seems. The Crows should be putting a stop to it, but it doesn’t seem to be happening. I’m worried…” He hesitated. “I am concerned that this may be part of some Southern trick, to cause discord among the clans to smooth their path into our lands. Therefore I thought it best to seek your guidance, master. If anyone can make sense of this madness it is you.” Snoke’s face was unreadable as he studied his former apprentice in silence. “You did right seeking my counsel,” he said eventually. “If all my hatchlings were as wise as you, there would never be troubles like this. But even I cannot hear the voices of the Gods clearly in this matter. As Crows it is our duty to carry out the will of the Gods, even though doing so might break us apart. A warchief who drags his people to war over drunken insults and other such foolishness has no place at the head of a clan. They forget that sometimes, the warchiefs. I have spent much time these past weeks reminding my Crows of the laws of these lands, but they are slow to obey. Nothing like you, young knight; you would never disobey the Gods, I know it.” Ren bowed his head further, trying to shake the unease crawling up his spine. Snoke leaned closer, a ghostly hand reaching out to caress his black locks as he gave a satisfied hum. “He is laying claim to you, isn’t he?” he said. “He means to have you, body and soul.” “Yes, master,” Ren confirmed. “He has asked permission to court me, and since it is permitted by our laws and my warchief is a true follower of our Gods, I accepted. I… hope this doesn’t disappoint you, master.” “Not at all, Ren. Quite the opposite, in fact. A warchief like Hux is a gift not to be wasted, and if he willingly ties himself even closer to you, then I shall thank the Gods and bless your union. You let him have you, Ren. Let him put his mark on you in any way he sees fit. The Gods have plans for him, and you will want to have him close when the time comes. Just remember, my hatchling, that your allegiance is with the Gods first, a man second – even if he is your warchief.” “Y-yes, master!” “Good. Now go see to your clan, master Ren, and leave the wars to me. I shall inform you if there are any developments that require your attention.” The smoke dissolved, leaving Ren on his knees on the floor, the uneasy feeling settling in the pit of his stomach. Had his master always felt this… slimy? ~*~*~ Captain Han Solo, paramour of Queen Organa, and notorious adventurer, made his way towards the suite belonging to his mistress and life partner. Luke had sent a bird to him the day before, saying there had been certain developments that had sent the Queen tumbling into the foulest mood in years. Han’s presence was needed as soon as possible, before Leia took it out on some poor, unfortunate soul. Luckily, he was heading towards the harbour already, and as soon as the Falcon was secured against the dock, he headed for the palace. He didn’t bother to knock, he never did. Almost thirty years they’d been a couple now, it would look silly for him to ask permission to enter the very chambers he lived in, protocols be damned. It wasn’t like she was his queen, anyway. Corellia was an independent realm, and an ally of D’Qar, and therefore Han allowed himself to break the rules here and there – let the actual nobles worry about those things so normal people can get on with their business. Leia sat in a large chair in the shade of her private patio, Rey close by, gently holding her hand. The Queen looked like she hadn’t slept in weeks, skin pallid and eyes sunken. She had forgone her usual extravagant robes in favour of a dark tunic and matching trousers. Her signature dark hair had been collected into a single thick braid, so long it came to rest on the seat next to her – not a grey hair in sight still. When she caught sight of Han, she reached out and he hurried over, kneeling in front of the chair and putting his arms around her. She held on to his jacket as if her life and sanity depended on it, and Han sent a questioning look over to Rey. The princess looked almost as worn as her mother, her hair escaping the complicated coiffure, and her expensive dress rumpled. “There were some bad news,” she said quietly. “Luke came back from the North a few weeks back, and she’s been like this on and off since then.” Han nodded, and Rey gave him a little smile before getting up and leaving the patio. “Leia,” he murmured to her. “Sweetness, what happened?” He could feel her steeling herself to reply, and he rubbed soothing circles over her back to try and help whatever it was she was feeling. She drew back a little, eyes red and glassy. “Luke came back from the North,” she said. “He thinks- He thinks Ben might be alive. I just… He can’t be alive, Han. After he escaped the execution, the hounds tracked him down and tore him apart, we know that.” Han was reeling. Ben? Alive? How? So many questions, so many complications if this turned out true. “Does Luke have any solid evidence for that?” he asked. Leia shook her head. “Nothing apart from a description. He could obviously not come near enough himself to see – those barbarians would’ve had him flayed.” “If he is alive…” “Then bastard or not, he’s got a legitimate claim to my throne. He is of my womb, and has first right to the crown.” She laughed bitterly. “A monster and a Dove-slayer on the throne of D’Qar. I will kill him myself before I let that happen. It’s clear to me that I should have throttled him when he first showed signs of the Force. Someone like him should never be allowed to rule.” “So he still has it, then? The Force?” “Of course he does. Once it’s there it’s there. He’s a Crow now, and a knight of Ren.” “Didn’t the Knights all get executed with Palpatine and his Crow?” “They have risen again. They’re like the plague. Cast a hint of a shadow, and those evil creatures will spawn like fungi.” “If you want me to, I could go have a look,” Han offered. “I’ve always been good at blending in among the Northerners, Chewie is from there, and we’d be a lot less obvious than one of your spies.” Leia thought about it for a moment, weighing the options. Han made a good point; Corellians looked a lot like Northerners, and Han had travelled through those lands many times before. Chewie, his best friend, knew everything they needed to know about their culture, and he was a fierce warrior – even with his lack of a tongue, he was a real asset in times like these. But it was also dangerous. The North was a harsh land that bred an equally harsh people; if they were found out, Han and Chewie would be lucky if they were just stabbed to death. If a Crow got their hands on them, Gods only know what would happen. Still, if what Luke had said was true, it was better to be prepared than to be caught by surprise. She nodded. “Go. As soon as you can. If it is him… kill him. He must never set foot in the South.” ~*~*~ In the large bed at the top floor of the Crow’s tower, Ren tossed and turned restlessly next to Hux. Banners in the wind. A forest of banners. The sound of horses charging. Men and women screaming. Battle. Blood. Rain. Deep forests. So much green. Flowers. Roses climbing white walls. Pink roses. Red roses. A single white one at the top. Dust. Decay. Black marble floors. Echoes of footsteps. Cold. So cold. Dark. Like a tomb. Daggers in the dark. Birds screeching. Betrayal. Six kneeling figures. Black cloaks. Masks. His knights. Blood on their swords. A black banner. A raven taking flight. Sunlight against painted glass. Summer. The sound of water. The ocean. Blood. More blood. Snow. Blood. Cold. Despair. Alone. So alone. Fear. A marble pillar breaking apart. Ivy growing over it. He jolted upright, and would have fallen out of bed if Hux hadn’t caught him. He gently manoeuvred Ren back into the centre of the bed and put his arms around him, gently rubbing his back and shoulders as he placed soothing kisses on the sweat-soaked black locks. “What did you see?” he asked when Ren had calmed down some. His Crow shook his head. “So many things, and still so little,” he said tiredly, extracting himself from the bed to pour himself some water. “Spontaneous visions are a lot more vague than those we seek for a purpose. They always happen so quickly, in such rapid succession, it’s difficult to understand them while they’re happening.” He shuddered, and emptied the mug before speaking again. “It’s so overwhelming sometimes; the visions invade my mind, and I have no way of shielding myself, or lessening their impact.” “It sounds exhausting.” “It is. Sometimes I feel like I would need to sleep for days to recover.” “You know I would let you do that if needed.” “I know.” Ren approached the bed again, taking Hux’ outstretched hand and allowing himself to be pulled down and cradled close to his chest. He rather liked it there, he realized. Used as he was to always tower above everyone else, it felt very pleasant and comforting to be hidden away like this, to have someone touch him in a way that allowed him to forget his own darkness for a while – forget all the long shadows cast by his past over his mind. Hux brought their faces closer and kissed him, and Ren allowed himself to forget all about visions and wars, mortals and Gods. He needed this, and he was allowed to have it – so have it he would. Gods knew there’d be enough darkness in all their lives soon enough. Notes: So, there was a heck of a lot of talking here. Writing it, I just felt like suddenly everyone and their cousin had something to say, but politics are politics, and you can't get to the juicy bits before everyone's had their little chats. The fluff... uhm, I don't know whether I should apologize for the cheeziness, or just hide until next update. One of you commented on the previous chapter that every bit of fluff seems to be followed by angst, and... well, yeah. That pretty much sums this world up, to be honest. Everyone can be happy and lovey-dovey, but shit will go down at random intervalls, and then all one can do is grab their sword and go. I honestly hadn't planned 1.6k words of fluff in this chapter, though. Okay, Leia. I am not trying to bash her, I swear. But this is a harsh world, and she is a harsh woman. This is personal to her, of course. But there's also a lot of politics involved. She's adopted a new kid, named her heir and everything - for her actual, blood-related kid to turn up alive at this point is a political nightmare. Han just wants her to be happy. Snoke is gross and scary, and I honestly feel like I need to drown myself in soap after writing his parts. Lastly, I apologize if they seemed ooc in the beginning of the chapter - but they are both in that silly, giggly, butterflies-in-the-stomach, phase of new love. They'll be back to being violent sassy assholes soon enough^^ As always, I'll remind you that 1) I'm on tumblr: ficlet-machine.tumblr.com and that you're always welcome to come over and be nerdy with me, and 2) that all your comments make me a giddy mess of happy, so do tell me what you think of the chapter before you leave, yeah? Chapter 9 : The Ghost of Benyamin Solo Notes: Trigger warning for: ritual self torture, mentions of mass child-murder, mention of execution, mention of death in childbirth and stillborn babies. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It was the third day now, of Ren’s search for a vision that made sense. He was hungry, so terribly hungry – faint and dizzy from the lack of nutrition, and thirsty, too. The only fluid he’d ingested in the last three days was small sips of a very potent hallucinogenic potion that tasted a lot like something that had been drunk already and then come back up – the red wine he’d mixed it with doing very little to conceal the horrid taste. He was clad only in the black kilt he usually wore for sacrifices, the silver belt replaced with a nasty looking spiked thing that drove into his flesh every time he moved – designed to keep him from falling asleep. Similar contraptions were wrapped around his biceps and thighs, blood crusting around them, and fresh drops falling onto the ground when he moved too much. He hadn’t slept for three days either. Reality drifted in and out of his focus, swirling and bending in strange ways as he chanted a monotonous, repetitive prayer. Ever since his last audience with Snoke two weeks or so before he’d had this nagging, crawling feeling deep in his gut that something was wrong. He hadn’t been able to contact the Raven again, a distinct feeling nestling in his mind that Snoke was avoiding him – which meant that something Ren had said during their last talk had been crossing a line. Had he been too curious? Too bold? He knew Snoke sometimes punished Crows by withholding his presence and guidance, but this was the first time it had ever happened to Ren – and even though he tried not to admit it to himself, it scared him halfway out of his mind. Corporal punishments he could take – he had more scars from those than from actual battle – but this… silence , was absolutely terrifying. If nothing else because it put it in bright light just how much Ren had come to depend on the Raven for guidance and security, and as the so called ‘master’ of the Knights of Ren he wasn’t supposed to need so much of either of those things, was he? But then Snoke had always been the one to keep him this close to him, always watching him more closely than the others, always paying him more attention. It had only been days before he left the House of Night that he’d realized that no one got even half as much praise as he did. It had irked him then, but he hadn’t given it much thought seeing as he was busy with his own training – but now it made him feel… dirty . His master’s comments about Hux… it had settled like some slimy sensation on his skin, and he felt some strange urge to scrub his skin raw to get rid of it. He had never felt like that before. Ashamed, yes. Humiliated, certainly. But never dirty. So now he turned to the only source of guidance he knew that would never lie to him; the Gods themselves and the visions they graced him with. If nothing else, then for the sake of Hux’ sanity. He knew his warchief was very worried; his thoughts were always loud, but every night when the dreams, the nightmares, the visions drove Ren out of the bed in various states of anxiety and fear, Hux’ thoughts screamed in jumbled messes of protectiveness, frustration and powerless anger at whatever it was that made his young Crow feel like that. Hux would likely go to war against the Gods themselves if it would make them leave him alone even for one night. Ren had given him a sleeping potion one night, to at least make sure one of them was rested, and to spare Hux the constant chaos that was Ren’s sleep. It hadn’t gone over well. When Hux had woken that following morning, seeing Ren curled up in a corner of the bedroom, eyes red and puffy, and realizing he’d slept through it Ren could almost hear his heart breaking, and it had only made the subsequent reprimanding even more painful – even though it was followed by Hux holding him close and covering his face in kisses. Then, reality warped and surged, and he felt weightless, free, like he was flying. The Gods had finally taken pity on him. ~*~*~ Hux sat on his throne, listening to Mitaka’s reports on the latest happenings in his newly expanded realm. It was quite a welcome break from the planning of the upcoming campaign to the South, even for a man as thirsty for blood as Hux. There had been a few new children born in his absence, and he made the scribe jut down a quick note to send the families appropriate tokens of well-wishes. New children were always good signs, especially when both they and their mothers survived the births. Ren had been somewhat affronted that they had managed to time their births when he’d been away, but he knew the elder women who usually assisted him were more than capable of handling those things. It was mainly his professional pride being slightly insulted. Their herds were doing well, and with the addition of the livestock from their newly conquered territory, they would have plenty in the way of meat and hide when it came time for slaughter. The harvests were looking promising too, and Hux debated a little with Mitaka about the best way to divide it when it had been brought in. They were going to need an awful lot of supplies, but they also needed to make sure they made it through winter, and that those left behind when the army marched out wouldn’t be at risk of starving. Agreeing that they still had a while to think about it, they moved on to other subjects. He was glad for Mitaka; the man may be a bit skittish at times, but he was such a gentle, kind creature that it was a blessing in itself to have him around. Born in one of the Core Kingdoms, Mitaka had come to him a slave, a gift from visiting emissaries, but Hux despised the whole concept of slavery, and Mitaka had been free the second they’d left his halls. Hux had given him his freedom and allowed him to go wherever he pleased, but the man chose to stay with him, and he had adjusted to the harsh life of the North with admirable ease. When they marched out, Mitaka would be a priceless asset for the clan, and Hux made sure he knew that he was appreciated. Mitaka cleared his throat nervously, and Hux arched an eyebrow. “Uhm, there is something else, lord Hux,” he said, fiddling with his pen. “What would that be?” Hux asked, confused. “We’ve covered everything for the day, haven’t we?” “It’s about master Ren, my lord.” “What about him?” “Well,” Mitaka looked like he regretted speaking up. “You are courting him, yes? So far, and I’m so sorry if I sound in any way rude, my lord, but… what have you actually done to court him? Apart from… eh, sharing his bed and, uhm, engaging in activities of an intimate nature? You’re treating him a bit more like a concubine than a- uhm, an intended life partner.” Hux eyebrows shot right up, shocked and impressed by Mitaka’s courage. But then, he was a Southerner, and they took these things very seriously, he knew that. “You think I’ve laid with him, Mitaka?” he sputtered. “I assure you, my friend, that there’s been no such things going on between us yet. I respect him far too much to pressure him about that. And, honestly, you and I both know that if I tried, he’s strong enough to tear my head off with his bare hands.” “I was hoping that was the case, yes,” Mitaka said, relief evident in his voice. “But you must think about how it looks to the clan. You are older than him by nearly a decade, and master Ren is a very attractive man. There has been some talking, that you… erhm, entertain yourself with master Ren at night, that you’ve taken advantage of his youth-” “ Stop right there,” Hux growled. “The people spreading those vile assumptions around are to be found and given thirty lashes, understood? In front of the whole castle. I will hear no such talk about Ren or me!” Mitaka yelped and nodded frantically. “What do you suggest I do, then? Hm? Ren is frightfully shy and inexperienced. I am trying to let him set the pace, but apparently now I need to take that comfort away from him because of sensation seeking idiots in my own house! Tell me, Mitaka, how to publicly court a man who hates it when people look at him, because apparently doing as he asks isn’t enough for this clan.” Hux shut his mouth, trying to bring his temper under control. The lack of sleep lately had him more testy than usual, but he refused any help with sleep if it meant leaving Kylo alone with his nightmares. He really didn’t mean to lash out at poor Mitaka, but learning that his own clan, his own bloody family , thought so little of both him and Kylo just made his blood boil. Yes, Kylo was younger than him, but he was certainly no blushing maiden, and more importantly, he wasn’t daft enough to let himself be used as some glorified whore just because they were bonded. He needed to set an example here. This could not be allowed to fester further. Mitaka swallowed a few times, trying to bring his frazzled nerves into some sort of order. He had to make his warchief understand that he, too, cared for the Crow and that this was for the benefit of them both. “I- I’d strongly suggest gifts, my lord,” he managed. “Master Ren is Southern by birth, as I’m sure you can see. In the South, gifts are a very important part of courting. They should be a variation of practical and decorative. Clothes, weapons, but also jewellery and things you know he likes. Books, scented oils… things like that. Master Ren has already done his part, you see. He made you a flower crown, which in the south means he has settled on you. Chosen you. You, my lord, still have to prove that he’s made the right choice. You are courting him , that makes you the one who’s promised to provide for the both of you – so you have to show him and everyone else-” “That I can afford to keep him safe and happy,” Hux nodded, beginning to understand what Mitaka was getting at. “You want me to spoil him rotten to show my clan I’m serious about him. Well, I’m certainly rich enough, but I don’t know if he’ll take it the right way. He is a bit… avoidant , in matters regarding his past.” “I think you’ll be surprised, my lord,” Mitaka smiled. “If you wish, I can help you with the gifts, to make sure you get it right. I love the North, my lord, but the Gods know you are all sorely lacking in the finer aspects of courting.” A blush made it onto his face. “And I think that, uhm, you will be quite pleased with the outcome of a properly conducted courtship.” “You are far more cunning than I have given you credit for, Mitaka, my friend,” Hux laughed after a moment of stunned silence. “I will accept your help. Gods know I’ll tear the world apart if it makes him happy. A few gifts and public displays of affection is a price I pay gladly!” ~*~*~ Ren came staggering back inside the castle at sundown, wrapped tightly in his cloak, shivering like a leaf in strong wind, barely staying on his feet. He would have fallen over in the hallway outside the great hall if Hux hadn’t been informed of his arrival and was coming to meet him just in time to catch him. Noticing the trail of blood behind the Crow, Hux went from concerned to alarmed in the blink of an eye, but when he moved to lift the Crow up into a bridal style, Ren shook his head, mumbling something about ‘can’t’ and ‘hurts there’, and so the warchief had to settle for holding him up with an arm around his middle as Ren clung to him with every bit of strength he had. It was a slow walk to his tower, and an even slower walk up the stairs; the servants Hux sent to bring hot water and washcloths passed them on the stairs, also bringing with them a tray of light food. Hux had to put the food in another room, because the smell of it caused his Crow to turn slightly greenish, but once he’d closed the door between the bedroom and sitting room, Ren’s colour took on a more normal colour. The Crow had deposited himself on the bed, attempting to dislodge some form of… torture device from around his hips, but he seemed simply too weak and shaky to unfasten the buckle. The trails of dried blood down his arms alerted Hux to the presence of additional such contraptions on his body, and he was absolutely horrified. Gently shooing Ren’s hands away, he began working on the belt, trying his hardest not to cause more harm to him upon seeing just how deeply those prongs imbedded themselves in his pale skin. It didn’t help matters to see him try not to show how much it hurt with every little movement. He got the buckle opened, then realized there simply was no way for him to remove the thing without causing a considerable amount of discomfort. “Braith,” Kylo gritted out, so exhausted it came out as little more than a whisper. “Just do it. Pull it off quickly, don’t hesitate. It’ll only hurt more if you do.” He gave Kylo a moment to take a deep breath, then the pulled the belt off as resolutely as he could, before throwing it across the room. There were tears in Kylo’s eyes, bravely held back by what he suspected was years and years of training, breath coming out in short pants. Blood was already surfacing in the many small wounds, but as he helped Kylo out of his cloak and kilt, he knew he had to deal with the other four before he could get around to cleaning him up. It was one of the worst things he felt he’d ever had to do, his need to keep Kylo safe and free from pain raising its head in conflict against his actions. He hated this, but forced himself through it, knowing that otherwise Kylo would be stuck in them until he had the strength to remove them himself, and Hux just couldn’t wait that long. Kylo looked on the verge of collapse already. “Why do you do this to yourself, Kylo?” he asked, voice pained, when he’d cleaned him up and dressed him in a soft, warm tunic, and gathered him in his arms under a blanket. “What in the Gods name can be worth torturing yourself for? You’ve been gone for three full days, have you had these on the whole time?” Kylo nodded against his chest. “Helps,” he mumbled. “Need to… make myself not… not think. Make myself… let go.” “So you torture yourself?” Another thought struck him. “You didn’t pack any food or anything to sleep on.” Kylo shook his head and burrowed closer. “I hope whatever you were searching for was worth it,” he mumbled, kissing Kylo’s knuckles. “Because seeing you like this is bloody frightening.” “Had… a vision.” Kylo’s voice slurred, he was falling asleep. “A good one?” “I… I hope… so.” He kissed the dark hair, running his hands soothingly over the still shivering back and shoulders. He really needed to get back to his duties, but right now making sure his beautiful Crow was safe and sound took priority. As soon as he left the tower, though, he’d go hunting for the bloody cretins who had the gall to speak ill of them and their relationship. This wasn’t something he wanted Kylo to have to deal with. No, Hux was the warchief, and he’d never tolerated gossip before – they really shouldn’t be surprised that he cared for it even less now that he had someone to protect from it. ~*~*~ “A concubine, really? ” The disappointment in their Crow’s voice was near tangible as he looked the five men and three women over, laid out on their bellies on the beds of his uppermost healing-room. Across their backs were large criss-cross patterns of welts and bleeding wounds, all of which needed tending to. “You actually think so lowly of me that you think I would allow myself to be degraded in such a way by any man or woman – warchief or not? Even worse, you have the gall to insinuate that your warchief is the kind of man to abuse his position to take advantage of those below him. I really should let your wounds rot.” “Please forgive us, master Ren,” one of them whined as he got to work cleaning and stitching his wounds, with far less gentle a hand than usual. “But surely you understand how it looked to us all? Why, with you being so young and- uhm, attractive, and the warchief so obviously drawn to you. We meant no harm, really! I swear! But with you being so young and… who knows what experience you Crows have before your bonding ceremony, right? It’s easy to be seduced when you don’t have any experience- Ow! ” “Shut your mouth,” Ren ordered. “Unless you want that sewn shut as well.” He continued his work. “While I appreciate your concern, misguided as it is, your insubordination and disrespectfulness towards your warchief – your blood relative – makes me sick. I expected so much better of you all. The process of courting is complicated for men in our respective positions, and believe me when I say that most of it lies far beyond your ability to understand. I am a child of the Gods, and no matter how deeply I feel for my warchief, I must still submit myself to the same slow and arduous process as he does – which is exactly what we are currently doing. You think that because I let him in my bed I also let him have me? Like some cheap whore? You think that of me after what you have seen me do? Despicable. When, where, and how I give my body to my bonded warchief is none of your business, and if I ever hear you or anyone else spew these appalling rumours you will wish that Hux and his whip reaches you before I do. You think he is cruel in his punishments? I can keep you alive and in pain for weeks if I wish to.” He smiled sweetly at them all. “Have I made myself clear?” Frantic nodding was the only reply, as they were too frightened to speak. Ren nodded and continued his work in silence. This was not what he had wanted to be faced with after two days of sleeping off the side effects of his vision seeking. He still had a terrible headache, and the thought of consuming anything more substantial than broth or soup made his stomach turn. And now he had to deal with these… imbeciles and their disgusting invasion of his privacy. Seeing his warchief personally flog them had been far more satisfying than he let on; after all, he was not a very good man, and when Hux told him of the rumours he’d been every bit as infuriated as him. It was always a problem when a Crow outlived their bonded warchief; clans forgot so quickly the complexities and myriads of rules that surrounded the relationship between their respective stations. While Ren was glad for them now that they were courting – seeing as he truly was every bit as nervous as he’d already admitted to Hux, and the rules played in his favour with the demand that the process be slow – it was frustrating that their people and their filthy minds didn’t know better than to gossip about things they had no knowledge of, and thereby quite possibly damaging both Ren’s and Hux’ standing with the clan. No, he was far too tired to deal with all of this, and he longed to go back to his chambers and continue teaching Hux how to strengthen their developing force bond. His warchief had a very soothing presence in the Force, and Ren wanted to get lost in it for a few hours. Hopefully it would help ease this horrible, throbbing pain behind his temples. ~*~*~ Queen Leia and Princess Rey Organa stood under the comfort of large parasols by a small side gate to the royal city of D’Qar, dressed in somewhat more ordinary clothing than their usual fare. Becoming rapidly smaller against the surrounding landscape were the figures of Han Solo and Chewie and their horses, heading for the North in hopes of finding the missing royal bastard and see to it that the threat to the throne of house Organa was eradicated. Han didn’t like it, Leia knew that, but he would do as she asked. He hadn’t felt the Force, had no understanding of just how a destructive and dangerous thing it could be and that not all Force users were as gentle as Luke – even after he’d seen Ben’s early Force manifestations up close. He just didn’t understand. It had to be done; a Crow could never rule a kingdom, they were too dark, too unstable, too bloodthirsty. A Crow like Ben… It would send her precious land into ruins, she had no doubt about that. Glancing over at her daughter, she could feel the confusion in her. Perhaps it was time she knew the truth. It would come out sooner or later anyway, and with the recent happenings Rey had been growing steadily more nervous and worried. Maybe they should have told her from the start that she wasn’t the first child, but it was too late for such regrets now. It might be better she learned it now that she was older, to keep her from any stupid ideas about her older brother – such as the possibility of redemption. Ben was too far gone for that. “Rey, darling,” she said later that night. They’d finished dinner and were sitting on the patio, enjoying the cool evening breeze from the sea. “There is something we must talk about.” “Is it about father?” she asked. “About what he’s doing in the North, I mean.” “Yes.” She studied her daughter for a moment, looking for a place to start. “How much have you gathered about it so far?” “He’s going up north with uncle Chewie to find a Crow named Ren, who’s got something to do with us, but not in a good way. You know him in some way, don’t you? You and father.” Leia nodded, taking Rey’s slender hand in hers. “This Crow, master Kylo Ren,” she began. “Was born here in D’Qar twenty-six years ago. His birth name is Benyamin Solo.” “Solo?” Rey’s eyebrows shot up. “Father has a son?” “He does. And… so do I. Ben is of my womb; my bastard.” She paused to collect herself. Rey looked frozen in shock. “He is not listed in the archives as an Organa, but as an illegitimate Solo. Han is not of royal blood, so we could never marry, and obviously therefore never have a legitimate child together. Officially he is Han’s son, not mine. He… was, is, very strong with the Force even from an early age, and I put him in training to be a Dove, but… ” “But what? Mother, you’re making me worry.” “I don’t know if you remember, sweetness, but there was a horrendous massacre at the House of Mornings eleven years ago. You’d only been with me for a year then, you were very little.” “I remember a little,” Rey nodded. “A lot of younglings were killed. I never understood what happened, though?” “It was Ben.” Tears were burning in her eyes, and she steeled herself. His name alone stung like a thousand nettles in her heart, and she’d never spoken about what happened that day with anyone but Luke and Han. She wasn’t proud of her actions, not at all, but what sort of Queen would she be if she made exceptions for some but not others? “We don’t really know what caused it, but one day he came to the temple, locked the doors behind him, and slaughtered all the younglings. He killed- he killed twenty-eight children. Twenty-eight . The oldest was thirteen, the youngest only seven. He is evil, Rey. He was arrested, put to trial, and sentenced to death. But he escaped his execution, killed the executioners in front of everyone – tore them apart with the Force. We sent hunters out after him, of course, but only one returned. He assured us Ben had been slain, and that there was nothing more to fear. Your right to my throne was no longer under threat.” Rey looked absolutely horrified as she stared at her mother. Leia continued. “We now have reason to believe that he is alive, and serving as Crow under one of the worst, cruelest, and most power-hungry warchiefs of the North. If he ever learns that he is first in line to this throne – which he is, bastard or not, I’m afraid – then I fear he’ll go after you. He must not come near D’Qar, Rey. This throne is yours, and a monster like him must never be allowed to rule. We learned that the hard way when Palpatine and his Crow were in power. The Core Kingdoms were in constant fear of them. That’s no way to live, child. No way at all.” Rey swallowed hard. She looked like she was going to be sick. “I-” she began. “I’m sorry, mother, but I can’t handle this right now! I just can’t!” With that, she got up and hurried out of her mother’s quarters, leaving the Queen alone with her memories. ~*~*~ A brother! She had a brother! Rey’s whole world was reeling at the news. He’d been there, in D’Qar, when Rey was adopted. Why had she never met him? Or had she, and just couldn’t remember him? She had been so small, after all, when she was taken into the Organa house. But he had been there! An actual older brother, and their mother had tried to have him executed! She knew the role of Queen involved making difficult decisions, but to kill her own child – how could she even think the thought? And it had been eleven years now – how could they be so certain he couldn’t have redeemed himself in that time? The Crows weren’t evil, according to Uncle Luke, just morally very grey. But Leia said he was evil as if that was a fact. Did they even know why he did what he did? So many questions! A fierce need to know this lost member of her family erupted in her, and along with it anger at her mother for keeping this from her all these years. Every naming day, she’d wished for a brother, someone to lean on and learn from – someone who knew what it was like to grow up in a palace with a thousand rules and no actual friends. She’d always envied those of her companions who had older siblings, and the many tales they shared about their adventures, about things their siblings had taught them, and how protected they all seemed to be by those siblings. The reason she wanted a brother was her own fiercely guarded secret; she’d had one before. He was gentle, kind, but strong and brave – at least that’s how she remembered him, before the sickness took him and her parents. She wanted him back, or at least the closest thing to him, and now her mother told her she’d had that – but no one had told her. And now her father was on his way north to kill him, for a crime he’d committed more than a decade ago – not even sure if he was the same person still. Nothing made sense anymore. ~*~*~ A large glass jar filled with dried herbs hit the wall, shattering into a thousand pieces. Next came to clay pots and a collection of scrolls and books. Paper, leaves, and oils scattering in every direction. Then Ren went to work on the furniture; using the force to throw the stools and work tables across the room. The entire tower shook with the force of his anger, and every single living being had fled long ago – even Eira had retreated to one of the nesting towers. It was a frustrated, powerless sort of fury, and tears were streaming down his face as he raged and cursed. When there was nothing left in the room for him to destroy, he sank to the floor, hammering it with his fists until he broke his skin, pulling his hair, and cursing at the Goddess for her cruelty and unfairness. Then strong arms encircled him, drawing him close against a warm chest, and he felt Hux’ lips on his hair, as he rocked him gently back and forth as if he was a child. Ren clung to him like a teasel, unable to rein his raging emotions in. “It wasn’t your fault, Kylo,” Hux whispered. “You did everything you could, and everyone knows that.” “It wasn’t enough!” Kylo whimpered. “I wasn’t good enough! If I was, there wouldn’t be a dead woman and two stillborn babies one floor down right now! I failed, Braith! She trusted me! They all trusted me, and I failed them!” “Hush now, love, listen to me,” Hux brought his face level with his, looking him in the eyes. “You are the most powerful Crow I have ever seen, that this entire clan has ever seen. If you could not save them, then there is no one who could. You tried, Kylo. You fought for them for three whole days – we all saw it. The Goddess takes whomever she wishes, when she wishes, you know this. The world is hard, and women die in childbirth all the time. I should know, I’ve lost both a wife and a child that way. But we all know the risk – the women more so than us. This is not you failing, this is the Goddess taking what she’s due.” He stroked his cheeks, wiping away the tears. “You know this better than anyone, Kylo, yet I have never seen you this upset. Tell me, what happened to make you react like this?” “I-” Kylo couldn’t bear to look him in the eyes. “I can’t- I can’t talk about it, Braith. But I took a vow, years ago, never to let a child die under my hands ever aga-” He clamped his mouth shut, terror shining clear in his eyes. “To never let a child die under my hands, ever ,” he corrected himself. “And now there are two little bodies downstairs, lives that never got a chance to be lived. And I am to blame for that. I should have done more. I know I could have done more. It’s not right, Braith. It’s not right!” With that he broke down again, deep, gut wrenching sobs wracking his body, and Hux could do little else but hold him close and try to comfort him as best he could. So, Kylo had been responsible for the death of a child? He wondered when and how it had happened, but vowed never to ask about it until Kylo seemed ready to speak about it on his own accord. Not when he reacted this severely to the deaths of two children whom everyone – Crow or not – could see would not have been able to survive for long anyway. This was personal on a level so deep it seemed to be like tearing open a barely healed wound to poke at the flesh beneath it. What happened to you? He thought. What horrid thing happened to you to make you this way? If Kylo could hear his thoughts, he made no sign of it, only continued to cry himself into utter exhaustion. Tomorrow, they both knew, he would show no signs of this meltdown. Tomorrow he would be the Crow of Skye Castle, the man who always knew what to do, the one chosen by the Gods to make sense of the world – perfectly composed and in control. But for now, he was just a grieving young man, faced with the cruel reality of death in all its unfairness. ~*~*~ They were a week into their journey now, not even close to leaving the Core kingdoms yet, and Han already regretted going. He loved Leia more than anything in this world, sans – of course – their daughter, but sometimes she scared him. It was as if all those years of war and conflict she’d lived through had rendered her incapable of viewing others as anything but allies or enemies. He had never thought this kind, gentle woman he had fallen in love with, who had held their new-born son in her arms like a gift from the Gods themselves – radiating the most profound love and adoration he’d ever seen – would be the same woman who fifteen years later condemned that very child to death by decapitation. She never even spoke to him after he’d been apprehended, wouldn’t allow Han to do so either – and hard as he had tried to shake it off as shock or trauma, it was becoming more and more difficult to do so now. They hadn’t seen Ben in eleven years. Han had mourned his son the entire time, wishing he’d been around more to guide and help him before it was too late. He wanted to know what in the seven hells could have possessed his shy, gentle, insecure son to commit such an act. There had to be an explanation – and that was the real reason he didn’t just turn back to D’Qar, or head out to sea again. If Ben was alive, even if it was in this new shape, then he at least deserved to share his side of the story. Han couldn’t bear to think further than that. He just wanted to see him, see the man he’d become. Hold him, if he could, and hear him out. He owed Ben that much. No matter what happened after that, he owed it to his son to be a proper father for one bloody time in his life. Notes: I'll start off by saying sorry for the hefty amount of dialogue - again. They sure do like talking! The thingies Kylo's wearing are modelled upon the cilice used by the character Silas in the DaVinci Code. While the cilice was in reality an undergarment made from either animal hair or sack-cloth, and worn under one's regular clothes for reasons similar to fasting, I've deliberately used the historically incorrect version here. Because the Crows take things to extremes sometimes, and honestly, I don't think anyone of you are surprised that they're into the self flagellation bit. The cilice are only used for these specific purposes, though - they are a means to an end, which is a vision. Pain together with lack of sleep and starvation puts the brain in a mode where it's easily nudged into trance like states, and many religions around the world uses these techniques to achieve just that. Yes, the clan gossips - because that's what people do. "Oh, the warchief is getting awfully lovey-dovey with the Crow? Hm, I wonder what they do when no one sees." And then the gossip circus is rolling. Hux hates gossip, and so does Ren. The accusation made against a ruler that he more or less molests his subordinates is very severe, and even though same sex relationships are standard in this 'verse and thus not based on some form of homophobia, it's still the matter of age difference and the perceived innocence of Ren. An older warchief taking advantage of a younger, inexperienced Crow is an appalling thought, and the clan - of course - can't help but gossip about it. Hux is fully within his right to punish them for it, since they are damaging his reputation and are disrespecting their Crow. Ren is so done with the lot of them. So done. He's not scared about the sex bit, he's scared about the relationship bit - but here they are, painting him out like some naive virgin, because he's younger than Hux? Idiots. I hope the Leia and Rey bit helps flesh out the D'Qar part of the story a little. Leia is an ice queen, totally, but she's also the product of circumstances and conditions beyond her control. Just like Ren, she's been scarred by things she's been through, which has warped her relation to the world and people around her. And Rey, well... She's been wanting her big brother - or at least a big brother - her whole life, only to find out that she not only has one, but that no one has ever bothered telling her about it. Her world is more than a little shaken at the moment. Ren failed to save a mother and her babies. Yes, this is one of those few things that really gets to him. Everyone has that weak spot, and for him it's children dying. He can't stand more children dying because of him. And Han... Han loves Leia. But Han also loves his son. And now he's suddenly in a place where he never wanted to be. It's not going to be easy for him. Still loving the hell out of every comment I get, and if you want to yell at me for this chapter, you're welcome to do so over on tumblr. I think you know my url by now^^ Chapter 10 : A Parliament of Crows Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “ Try it again, ” Ren’s voice echoed in his head. “ You’re making progress. ” They were sitting in Kylo’s quarters, in the comfortable armchairs by the fireplace, facing each other and holding hands. Ever since their bonding, their ability to connect through the Force had become stronger, and for a few weeks now they’d been practicing actual mind to mind speaking. It was incredibly difficult, more so than Hux had ever imagined, but it was also very fascinating. His Crow kept his mind hidden behind thick mental walls, but every time they connected like this, he caught a glimpse of what lay behind them. It boggled his mind how someone could carry within them such power, and so many raging emotions and thoughts without going completely mad – and yet here he sat, this amazing young Crow, in full control of every bit of it. He focused again, sweat beginning to form on his brow, and extended a thought. “ H’…’an…yo’…li’…w’…all tha’…’n…’our he’…? ” He could almost feel how the sentence fractured on the way from his mind to Kylo’s. How the hells did Kylo manage this? And over long distances as well? “You’re asking how I live with my own head,” Kylo said out loud, finally taking pity on him. “I don’t. Not really.” He looked into the fire, gaze becoming distant for a moment. “I built those walls for a reason. There are times when tapping into the chaos is very useful to me, but in my everyday life… no. I couldn’t function at all if I didn’t shield myself.” “Do all of you have that much chaos in your heads?” Hux was intrigued. “Not all of us.” Kylo looked back up at him. “Some hatchlings come from perfectly normal circumstances. But some of us, well, we’ve faced many hardships before we were given the midnight robes. I think we’re usually better prepared for the training, but even that’s not set in stone. Which is, of course, the whole purpose of it – to see which ones can rise above, and which ones will roll over on their backs and surrender.” “You rose above.” “I did. It came at a price, but so do most things in life.” “What was the price?” Kylo looked away again, pain briefly flashing across his face. When you can pluck it from my head yourself, then you’ll be ready to know,” he said. “Now, I think that’s enough lesson for today. You’re making remarkable progress, Braith. You should be very proud.” “So you tell me,” Hux winced. “I feel like an incompetent idiot.” “I was born with a stronger connection to the Force than most of my mentors had at age fifty,” Kylo chuckled. “You were born entirely without. Trust me, you are doing incredibly well.” “I’ll take your word for it, master Crow,” Hux grinned. “Now, out of curiosity, where is Eira? I haven’t seen her in a few days, and given how you two are usually inseparable, I don’t know if I should be feeling concerned.” “She’s helping out with the hatchlings,” Kylo said. “This is the one time a year she will be happy to leave me to my own devices. The hatchlings make her very happy, and all the nesting pairs are incredibly proud of their broods and want to show them off to her. They’ll be learning how to fly soon, and she doesn’t want to miss a single moment of it.” “She’s like a little mother, isn’t she?” “Yes. A better mother than most human ones, I’d say.” Hux could only agree. Not that his own mother had been in any way a bad one – quite the contrary, actually – but Eira seemed somehow to embody the very essence of motherhood in a way that was difficult to compete with. “I got news from the borders,” he said after a few moments of silence. “They’ve all closed up as much as they can. No one’s going in or out of the land without good reason for doing so. There’s been a few arguments and the like, but nothing major.” “That’s good.” Kylo got up and went over to the window, looking out at the setting sun. “I hope it’s enough. These wars, the Crows’ actions… it still feels wrong. I don’t like it one bit.” He took a deep breath, steeling himself for something. “I… I never got a chance to speak to you about it before, but my last audience with the Raven… He gave us his blessing. To, uhm, to commit to each other.” “You don’t seem very happy about it,” Hux remarked. “Please tell me I haven’t done you wrong in any way?” Kylo snorted. “If you had, you’d be dead. No, I just… He’s been disinclined to give his blessing to other Crows before. I was expecting to have to work hard to convince him, but he actually seemed very pleased. I- I guess it just surprised me. But that’s what I get for thinking I can understand the minds of those wiser than me.” “Well, either way, isn’t it a good thing? To know that the Raven himself has blessed us?” “It’s a very good thing,” Kylo smiled as he came up to him, pulling him in against his chest and resting his chin on his black-clad shoulder. “Now, tell me about this fair we’re having. I’m afraid it’s yet another thing I’m not accustomed to. When I was a hatchling, our mentors took great care to stay away from such things, since they could be too distracting to our young minds, and when I got older I was usually too busy with other things to have the time to explore them. I assume there will be a lot of people and a lot of drinking. I’d like to know what I’m up against.” Hux chuckled and kissed him, before explaining the exact nature of the fair. It was one of the highlights of the year for the Hux clan and its vassals. Bright coloured tents would be sprouting like mushrooms on the fields below the castle, various contests would be held, the clan’s traders would be arriving with goods from all over both North and South, people trading and buying what they needed for the coming winter, while ridding themselves of things no longer needed. There would be dancing and entertainment, and, as was the custom in the North, plenty of drinking and general shenanigans. It would probably be a good idea to stock up on bandages and thread, as it could get rather rowdy. There were a lot of marriages being arranged over the week, as tended to happen when a lot of young folk were left to their own devices along with large amounts of drink, and also a lot of young hot-heads needing a stern talking to about various disgraceful behaviours. Not an ideal situation for Ren, but being the Crow, he would at least be able to demand enough respect even from the worst drunkards that no one would pester him too much. The fair was always held just before the harvest, to allow everyone to get rid of any last bits of summery laziness before the hard work began. It was also one of the few times when Hux himself participated in the activities. Any warchief who thought himself above wrestling in the mud, or trying to punch someone else’s teeth out, while the rest of the clan were cheering and taking bets, was a warchief not worthy of his name. He didn’t even need to win; these things looked brutal as all the seven hells, but no one took them all that seriously. It was a good way to blow off some steam, and the chieftains knew Hux had his title for a good reason. These games were far from enough to challenge his authority – if nothing else, him partaking in it with the eagerness he usually displayed was additional proof as to why he deserved to lead. He rather looked forward to it, knowing full well he would probably not be able to stop himself from showing off a little bit more now that he had Ren to impress. The Crows, of course, did not partake in any of the violent activities. If there was more than one present, they usually slunk off to some quieter place to trade gossip and secrets, and probably performing rituals and activities common people would be happier knowing nothing about. Tarkin had always looked forward to it, gathering the younger Crows to him like a parent, practically glowing with happiness at having more of his kind to teach and spend time with. Hux wondered how Ren would handle the other Crows. Aya would probably receive a warm welcome; they had seemed to get along very well, especially after the bonding ceremony. He didn’t know much about the inner workings of Crow society outside of the context of sacrifices, but he assumed they would at least be civil to each other – which was, frankly, more than he could expect from the ordinary clanspeople. ~*~*~ Maybe it had been a mistake, Leia thought to herself, to tell Rey about Ben. Her daughter hadn’t been herself at all over the past few weeks; gloomy and distant, always excusing herself right after the meals, spending more time in some remote corner of the library or up on the garden walls looking North. They hadn’t broached the subject again, and Leia wasn’t really sure she wanted to. Rey was a good girl, intelligent, loyal, very dutiful, but she was still a young girl – Gods, her bleedings hadn’t even become regular yet – and if there was one danger with young minds, it was their tendency to misunderstand things. Even the Queen had made mistakes at her age; decisions that had seemed like the only right thing to do at the time had later proven either stupid or downright disastrous, but she had learned from them, hardened, and made sure never to repeat them. Rey was of a different stock. She was such a gentle, innocent, creature, prone to believing far too much good about people, and far too sensitive to the darker aspects of life. Leia did her best to help her overcome it, but deep down she knew that only experiences and hardship faced would be able to mould her child into the next Queen. Well, better that than turning into a murderer. She only wished Rey would talk to her. It worried her more than she let on to see her so upset. To find out she was the sister of such an evil being must have shocked her to the core. She sighed to herself as she prepared to head for her throne room, straightening up and putting on her most regal expression. At times like this she really wished Han were around more. He was much better at handling situations like this. ~*~*~ At dawn on the first day of the fair, Hux woke up just before dawn, and took a moment to enjoy the feeling of Ren curled up against his chest like an oversized kitten – glad to hear his heart beating slow and steady and his breaths deep and relaxed for once. The Crow had been sleeping ever worse than usual, worry over the whole situation with the other territories and his master’s strange avoidance affecting him more than he would let on. There had been a few stressful days for him lately as well; a bout of some sort of skin disease affecting only the smaller children spread through the castle like wildfire – unsurprising since most the younglings were raised together – and up until his last patient was declared healthy two days earlier, Ren had had his hands full comforting crying children and doing his best to alleviate their painful rashes and the high fevers. Hux had been glad Caelin and Mara were safely away from this when he saw how hard it was on the little ones, but Ren hadn’t shared his views at all. This was a horrid illness, yes, but the vast majority pulled through just fine, and it helped build their bodies up to withstand more serious ailments in adulthood. But they both knew Ren struggled as much as he did, and the Crow’s mood had been absolutely foul for several days until he’d successfully beaten the pox back into the hole from whence it crawled up. It had also helped his mood that several vassal clans had been arriving early, among them several of the Crows Ren had gotten to know during the summer solstice, and their reunion had been a heartfelt one. Hux had his own reason to be glad at his underlings’ early arrivals; with Mitaka’s help, he’d sent for some appropriate gifts, and he’d been notified that all his requests had been fulfilled – the chieftains had all considered it quite an honour to be part of it, and Hux was relieved. He just did not have it in him to beat them too into submission if they’d decided to be idiots about it as well. Now, he gently extracted himself from the bed, kissing the Crow’s soft black curls before putting on a loose tunic and a pair of breeches to go fetch one of them. Ren stirred a bit in the bed, a dark eye blinking open followed by an eyebrow raised in question. “I’m going to get us some breakfast,” Hux said softly. “Go back to sleep, love. I’ll be back in a little.” “You’re giving me breakfast in bed?” Kylo asked with a sleepy smile. “You’re going soft, warchief.” “A few indulgences here and there never hurt anyone,” Hux snorted. “What’s the point of being the leader if one can’t allow oneself a little decadence every now and then, hm?” “A fair point.” Kylo burrowed back down, more or less disappearing under the blankets and furs – chasing the remnants of Hux’ body-heat as if it was a sacred thing. Hux chuckled to himself as he made his way down the stairs – they both knew that would take a lot more than a quest to spoil his Crow rotten to make him soft, but Kylo was most certainly not going to pass up such an excellent opportunity to tease him. Well, Hux would show him indulgence when he got back to the tower. With Mitaka’s expert advice to lean on, he’d acquired a list of gifts that would make sure this courtship would not go down in history as anything less than befitting of royalty. The items he was headed to the throne room to collect would have the men and women of the clan green with envy, he’d made damned sure of that. Mitaka and his vassal chieftain Rurik, who was Aya’s bonded chieftain, were waiting for him in Mitaka’s study, neither of them having bothered to dress properly – today was one of the days of the year when the ruling class were expected to sleep in so as to be able to make a more dramatic entrance when the fair was declared open. On the scribe’s desk were three packages, and Hux inspected them all while Rurik looked on nervously. He certainly didn’t want to disappoint his warchief in a matter as important as this, and it would reflect poorly on his Crow as well that she hadn’t managed to make sure his gifts were up to standards. Hux didn’t know what the correct protocol was for dealing with a Crow who disrespected a higher ranking member of their order, and he was quite frankly not sure he wanted to either. As he looked over the items, he smiled widely and nodded his approval to Rurik. The chieftain visibly relaxed let out a breath. “You have not only met my expectations, Rurik,” Hux said. “You have exceeded them. I will see to it that everyone knows your people crafted these. With any luck, your traders will be even more busy than usual this year.” He took the other man’s hand in a firm grip. “Thank you, old friend. This means a lot to me.” “You’ve been my friend since before we grew beards, Hux,” Rurik smiled. “This is the least I could do for you. He’s a fine man, your master Ren. Aya tells me there hasn’t been the like of him for centuries, and I believe her. He’s done wonders for that stone cold heart of yours, that’s for certain. The Gods have blessed you, friend, truly.” Hux pulled him in for a hearty embrace, before turning to Mitaka. The scribe seemed very pleased with the outcome as well, having already begun meticulously wrapping them up in fine paper – a luxury near unheard of here in the North. Wasting precious paper on gifts, when fabrics or leather could do? But Mitaka had insisted it was necessary, and sent dozens of Ren’s birds out to the other clans with inquiries about such materials. It was a lesser miracle that none of the birds had told on them to their master, but here they were. Mitaka had actually managed to acquire several different varieties of this paper, and was now doing some very complicated things with a length of white silk ribbon; wrapping it around the gifts in intricate ways. “I’m fairly sure Ren’s more interested in the contents than the package,” Hux said, watching in confused fascination. “You leave the finer aspects of gift giving to me, my lord,” Mitaka said. “I will not have you deliver gifts like this to the highest ranking Crow in the North, wrapped in dead animals. There are limits to what you can get away with, even for a warchief.” Hux and Rurik shared a glance, both of them deciding not to comment on that. When Mitaka deemed the gifts adequately wrapped, Hux took his leave – telling the other two to get back in bed and enjoy this rare opportunity to sleep late. Rurik laughed, saying something about Aya chasing him out of bed soon anyway, before disappearing around a corner, and Mitaka didn’t even say a word – just went straight for his quarters. Hux carefully carried the items towards the tower, stopping a servant on the way and asking him to have the Crow’s and his breakfast delivered to the sitting room of the tower as soon as possible. It was an honour among the servants to be allowed to enter the Crow’s tower, and the young man shone like a sun at the prospect. When he got back, he found that Eira had settled in on the pillow next to her master, head tucked under a wing, and a lock of black hair safely gripped by her little foot. The Crow himself had found his way back out of the nest he’d made, and was now sleeping on his stomach, one arm under the pillow, and the other resting in front of his face – showing off his massive tattoos. They’d made progress lately; their sleep shirts hadn’t been worn for a few weeks now, and Kylo was becoming more and more and more comfortable with another naked body next to his. Apparently, the Crows rarely saw even each other unclothed, unless it was some sort of ritual setting. Hux found it strange, seeing as nakedness was such a natural part of life in the North, but he guessed it had some purpose. He got undressed, and put the gifts down on the bed before getting back in – taking Kylo’s hand and kissing his knuckles. “Wake up, love,” he said. “I’ve got something for you.” It still took three more attempts before Kylo’s eyes opened to peer questioningly at him. Hux nodded towards the three packages on the bed, and Kylo sat up, accidentally waking Eira – who cawed surly at him, before hopping over to another pillow. Kylo looked at the packages in surprise, then at Hux. “You’ve… you’ve got me gifts?” he asked. “How- I mean… what- why?” Hux sat up as well, chuckling lightly. “I was informed by Mitaka – in no uncertain terms, I might add – that I had been sorely lacking in a very important area of courtship. I have not shown adequate appreciation and affection for you in public, and I mean to change that now.” He held out the first gift. “Open this first.” Kylo’s eyes had widened, but now he smiled like a sun. “You’re courting me like the Southerners do.” A delighted laugh escaped him. “You would do that for me? I- thank you.” He inspected the package. “A white ribbon, for pure intentions and honest feelings. Mitaka wrapped this for you, didn’t he?” Hux nodded, running a hand through his hair. Ah, so there was a science to this whole gift-wrapping part after all. Well, perhaps he should have asked what it meant before he handed it over. Kylo very carefully, almost reverently, unwrapped the package. In it was a simple but elegant rectangular wooden case, with a simple bronze lock, and the Hux clan’s emblem with a… Was that a raven? In the middle of the inverted sun symbol was the same raven in flight as Ren had worn as a brooche the day after the large battle – the brooche being his only personal belonging that didn’t have a practical purpose; his one and only luxury. Hux had made him his own crest, he realized, eyes going wide as he looked at his warchief – the question spilling over into his mind before he could even stop it, and Hux just nodded. With hands trembling from excitement, he opened the case, to find a set of obsidian knives made for his medical practice; impeccably sharpened and polished, not a flaw to be found on them. They were beautiful. The next gift was a cloak, made from the finest black wool – soft and light, but warm – made to be worn all year around. Over the shoulders and covering all the hems – even around the hood – were the softest, most incredibly shiny black mink fur, and holding it together at the neck was Ren’s new crest, engraved on a silver hexagon. It looked even more expensive than most garments he’d seen his warchief wear, and all he could do was run his hands over it and stare like an idiot at the vast expanse of perfect midnight. He swore to himself he’d wear it until it fell apart around him, never let a single opportunity to show his gratitude go to waste if he could at all help it. This was a gift worthy of kings, and he knew it. The last gift, a much smaller one, had Hux blushing and scratching his beard awkwardly – it was obviously the most significant. Inside the box, carved from the same dark wood as the case holding his new knives – his crest engraved even on that small surface – was a silver chain, made up from hundreds and hundreds of tiny rings put together into an intricate pattern; a King’s-chain – nearly identical to the one Hux himself always wore. Hanging from it was a single red stone in a delicate silver cage. Hux gently took it from him, bringing it over his head – it only just made it over his ears and nose, which was good, because then he wouldn’t lose it – letting it come to rest against his chest. “Mitaka said I should wait with this,” he said, voice slightly shaky. “But I don’t want there to ever be any doubt about your standing in this clan and in my life. I did not give you a Queen’s-chain, because you are not below me – do you understand? You are mine and I am yours. You are blood of my blood.” Kylo could only nod, too full of emotions, too aware of the significance of those words, to do anything other than pull his warchief close and bring their lips together. But Hux was right to give it to him now – traditions and protocols be damned, because this was exactly what Kylo needed; this physical proof of emotions neither of them were able to properly put in words yet, something to physically touch and hold on to, something to remind him of Hux when he could not be there himself. Something that, for now, was theirs and theirs alone. When the time came for Ren to display enough of himself for it to show, he was fairly certain that their new union would have already been consummated, and he would be able to show it off proudly with no one being allowed or even able to challenge his right to wear it. ~*~*~ “Rey, with all due respect,” Poe, one of her two personal bodyguards and personal companions, said. “Have you lost your mind?” They were sitting under a baldachin down on the private strip of beach that belonged to the royal palace – one of the few places Rey could go to be left alone, as only the royal family and their personal guards and servants were allowed there. Poe and Finn, both of them a few years older than her – decorated soldiers, and two of the very few genuinely good men she knew – had been a part of her life for the last five years, and even though they could never say it, they were really more of her friends than her servants. “I have to do something, Poe!” Rey protested, straightening the sleeve of her tunic. “She sent father up there to kill my only brother, for a crime he committed elven years ago! It’s wrong! We don’t even know if he’s the same person anymore, even less if he even wants to ever visit the South or make any claims to the throne! I can’t just stand by and let it happen, I just can’t.” “You do realize we’ll stick out like peacocks in a henhouse up there, right?” Finn queried. “You don’t have to come with me,” Rey said. “Considering you both spar with me regularly, you should know I’m more than capable of taking care of myself.” “In combat, yes,” Poe said. “But when have you ever gone on a journey without an official entourage and at least fifty servants? It a very different world out there for the regular people. If you’re going then we’re all going – if nothing else then because the Queen would kill us if we let you go alone. But you have to understand that it won’t be easy. It’ll be very dangerous. Very, very dangerous. Those clans don’t joke around, and the Crows… Don’t get me started on them. They can do things our Doves don’t even dare dream about. If we get in trouble, Rey, there will be no one coming to help us. No one.” Rey sighed. Finn and Poe looked at her anxiously. She was right, of course, and she wasn’t a spoiled, frail little thing – absolutely not – but the North was the North, and if you showed even a hint of weakness, it would swallow you whole. They didn’t even know how to get to the Hux clan’s territory – the Northerners never let anyone make it back to the South alive with a map of the lands. If they got caught and someone found out that Rey was a member of a royal family, there was no telling what they’d do to her. “I have to do this. I have to know for myself what the truth is. If Ben is evil, then at least I’ll know it first hand. If he isn’t, then maybe I can stop mother and father from making a terrible mistake.” Poe and Finn looked at each other. They knew her well enough to know that when her mind was made up, the God of Mornings himself could not make her change it. Besides, the Queen’s decision didn’t sit right with them either – and in the end, their loyalty lay first and foremost with Rey; where she went, they would always follow. “We’ll leave as soon as possible,” Finn said. “When can you be ready?” ~*~*~ Han and Chewie were more than a little concerned about their safety at that moment. They’d managed, through various shortcuts and innovative navigational decisions managed to cross the border to the North two days earlier, a whole week ahead of their schedule, only to find themselves in a war zone – a full blown battle blocking the way further north, forcing them to make camp and try to find a way around it. Chewie was incredibly upset at the state of his native lands, signing wildly to Han about the whole North having lost its mind, and Han had to agree with him. The battle was brutal – more of a flat out massacre than anything – and it seemed that even not the Crows could control the bloodlust of their respective clans. What in the world was going on here? “I’ve said this before,” Han said, looking at his friend. “But we need to find a way around this quickly, or we’ll end up dead too.” “I think we might be able to get around it if we go east,” Chewie signed. “The battle seems to be moving away from that direction.” “Yeah, I think you’re right,” Han nodded after a few moments of studying the bloodshed. “Better wait for nightfall, though. Don’t want the horses to get all spooked up in the middle of it.” “The Hux clan’s still a long way away,” Chewie signed despondently. “If this is going to be the situation all the way there… We might be stuck up here over winter.” “I know, old friend.” Han patted him compassionately on the shoulder. “I don’t like this any more than you do, but orders are orders. We have to try. Too late to turn back now.” ~*~*~ Ren had to admit that he was enjoying himself more than he had thought he would, as he strolled around the fair with Eira on his shoulder. There were a lot of impressions, and he had taken Aya’s advice to heart when she told him to put additional walls up around his mind before going out there, but the feelings were positive. Everyone were happy and relaxed, and it had a very soothing effect on him as well – allowing him to ease out of his shell enough to make conversation with the vendors and the guards who greeted him. Hux had offered to go with him, but Ren had declined. He needed to do this for himself. If he had to rely on Hux’ presence every time he ventured out among people he wouldn’t be much of a Crow at all. There was another, perhaps slightly more childish, reason as to why he wanted to venture out on his own. He wanted to see for himself the effect the sight of him in his new cloak would have on the people, and for that he needed Hux to be elsewhere – since the warchief had a very awe-inspiring presence himself, which would make it hard to guess if it was the cloak, or just the warchief causing the reactions. But as he walked among the colourful tents and stalls, he relished the reverent looks he received. Respect . The word echoed around in his mind. They looked at him with the uttermost respect. No more of that horribly insulting concubine theme that he had secretly feared – only a sense of amazement at the sight of him openly displaying his approval and acceptance of his warchief’s courting. They were happy for Hux, he realized. They considered him lucky, blessed even, that Ren deemed him worthy of his attention. The Crow himself had never even thought of it that way. “ For such a clever hatchling, you are very daft sometimes ,” Eira commented. “ Of course he is lucky to have you. Warchiefs are as common as the stars, my little one. There is only one Kylo Ren. At least your mate is wise enough to realize that himself .” “ Now, now, Eira, ” he objected. “ You cannot fault me for not understanding all of this. I was never raised to have any of it, remember? The Doves are celibate, and not even all Crows ever bond with someone like this. ” “ Well, now at least you learned it. That shiny he gave you should be proof enough. That is a proper courting gift, that. He will be a good mate if he keeps giving you shiny things like that .” She gave an excited little flap of her wings. “ I smell something good! Close by. Give me some. ” Ren chuckled. “ Your wish is my command, as always, little mother .” The ‘good’ turned out to be dried fruits of different kinds, and the vendor absolutely refused payment, assuring Ren it was an honour to be allowed to gift his magnificent companion with a bag of treats or two. Eira even let him stroke her back as a thank you. Eventually, though, he made his way back to the castle, the other Crows joining him along the way – before shutting themselves in his tower to discuss the state of things in the world around them. The Crows were never off duty, not even for something like this, and right now they all felt the same pressing need of talking about the disturbances in the Force with others who would actually understand them. Foregoing the furniture, they settled directly on the fur covered floor in front of Ren’s fireplace, as was customary when they were alone together, the crackling of the flames forming a calming background noise. They made a large helping of tea, and produced various little treats from their bags and pockets, to ensure that they wouldn’t go without at least some nourishment in case this dragged out. No one would disturb them, they knew better. Even Hux was barred from the tower until Ren said otherwise. “I haven’t had so many nightmares in years,” Aya said once everyone had been served their tea and settled down. “And the spontaneous visions… I have a near constant headache, and I can’t seem to rid myself off it.” The other Crows nodded and murmured their agreement. They looked to Ren, who also nodded, sighing deeply. “It’s the same for me,” he said. “And with all the disturbance, it’s been harder than usual to have clear visions even when I seek them. The things I see… I don’t know if I can trust them.” “Everything’s so… fragmented,” another Crow, an older woman with white hair nodded. “One moment I’m seeing something that is clearly a vision, the next I’m thrown into the emotions of a battlefield somewhere. There hasn’t been this much disturbance since before Palpatine and Vader were killed – Gods have mercy on their names.” “I haven’t heard back from the Raven in months,” a third Crow, a small, gangly man confessed. “Do you think it might have something to do with this? I- I can’t remember having done anything wrong, but I don’t understand why else he would neglect my letters unless it’s due to some more pressing matter.” “You have done nothing wrong,” Ren assured him. “I haven’t been able to contact him in weeks now. Neither by smoke nor bird. I... I don’t like it. There something about all of this that just feels… wrong.” “He won’t even speak to the Master of the Knights?” Aya was horrified, and she wasn’t the only one. “This is unheard of!” “I try to think that it’s because he is occupied with the clan wars,” Ren said, running a hand through his hair. “It must be a nightmare for him, too, to have this situation erupt before him. But still. We’re the only land not currently involved in the conflict – we could be of help, a neutral party. I don’t understand why he would cut us off like this. And… I don’t understand why he hasn’t sent my knights in to deal with the situation either. Surely, that would be the logical thing to do? I managed to contact Silass, and she said they were still at the House. The Raven has not given them any orders besides continuing their training.” “Strange, indeed,” the older woman nodded. “It seems we are left to make our own strategies for this situation. I’ll be thrice damned before I let this land I love so much succumb to this plague of madness.” “Hux would never allow it.” Ren put his hand on her shoulder. “But you’re right. We have work to do, and precious little time in which to do it. Let’s not waste it.” Notes: This took forever and I'm so sorry for the delay! I did a double update-thing for Lullabies, and then my spooine brain decided to take me for a ride through Mt. Brain-fog. The skin disease is chicken pox, in case you're wondering. The affected children were put in Ren's care to keep them away from the other children in hopes of minimizing the spread. The gifts. I'm sorry if that bit became too mushy, but it kinda had to be. Obsidian knives because Obsidian can be sharpened to a point where it could probably cut a mountain in half if you really wanted to, so they're excellent for Ren to use in his work. The cloak being both practical and luxury all in one - a way for Hux to show everyone that oh yeah, he's rich as a bloody dragon, and he can afford to dress his Crow in the finest things money can buy. For reference of the King's-chain and Queen's-chain, please Google "Kungakedja" and "Drottningkedja" (Swedish for King's-chain and Queen's-chain respectively). They're very old Scandinavian designs, worn - as far as the professionals have gathered - by kings/chieftains and their spouses during the Viking era. I think they're very beautiful. The birds don't have a word for jewellery, so Eira simply calls everything a 'shiny', because that's the important bit to her. And things are going on down in D'Qar. Rey think mom Leia's actions are fishy, and won't stand for it. Never let it be said that Rey is the type to sit by and let bad stuff happen. And she's got Poe and Finn to watch her back I mean, what could possibly go wrong? Chewie uses sign language, and Han has made sure everyone around them has learned it as well. Mitaka being sassy is one of my favourite things. Hux let's him, because it's Mitaka, and in this situation, Mitaka knows best. And the Crows sit down to talk. For non-native English speakers: A group of crows (as in the bird now, not Ren & Co), is actually called a 'murder', while a group of Rooks is a Parliament. But I didn't want to make anyone scared by naming the chapter A Murder of Crows. There are limits. Do the Knights have canon names, btw? Do tell me if they do - otherwise I'll happily continue making up my own^^ Chapter 11 : A Summoning Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was so strange, Rey thought to herself as they rode along a small road a bit away from the main trading route, to be able to see – almost from day to day – how not only the landscape but also the seasons themselves changed as they made their way north. In D’Qar, summer had still been at its highest point; warm, sunny, and with beautifully blossoming flowers and plants everywhere. The fields and plantations spreading out like lush green carpets against the surrounding landscape, and the sea glittering like a thousand mirrors in the sunlight – inviting the people along its coats to come cool themselves down after a hard day’s work. But in the three weeks they’d been traveling now, the vast expanses of perfectly tamed and cultivated nature had been growing steadily more wild and untamed. Fields and cypress groves yielded to meadows filled with the strangest flowers, never-ending forests of birch, oak, ashes, and all sorts of trees she couldn’t quite remember the names of from her old school books. Gradually, though, they began to notice the change in the climate; the nights and mornings were growing colder, the sun set earlier, and even at its zenith it felt less and less warm against their clothes. Now they were seeing more and more shades of bright yellows and fiery reds in the crowns of the trees they passed, and the scent of the sun against the dark trunks began to mix with a hint of frost. Rey was absolutely entranced by it all. At the court, everyone spoke of how rough, savage, hostile a land the great North was, and how they couldn’t understand how anyone would ever choose to live up there, what with its short summers and blistering cold winters? Why would anyone choose such a life when they could have the warmth and sun of D’Qar all year around? But Rey was finding it harder to see why one wouldn’t want to experience this majestic land and all its different faces. Yes, it was true wilderness, this. They had encountered enough of the local wildlife to know that for certain, but how could anyone not see how hauntingly beautiful it was with all its strange contrasts between deep, silent forests, roaring rivers, towering mountains and cliffs? The night before they’d camped by a lake the size of the entire palace grounds – not a single human to be found anywhere, the surface of the water completely still, sans for the little waves created by some sort of birds gently cruising along further out from the shore. Rey had spent her entire guarding shift staring at the moon reflecting against the surface, completely in awe of the silence, her own tininess before all this. Poe and Finn were quite affected as well, only years of strict military discipline keeping them from simply sitting down and staring at everything around them. But still, it was noticeable that this land did something to them. They spoke much lower, as if their voices would be offensive in the face of this undisturbed nature, and they were even more careful than usual when they hunted for small critters to fill out their supply of flour and grains, wax-coated cheese, and other travel friendly foods. They had deliberately stayed off the main roads for as long as they could – just in case the Queen had sent people to retrieve them, but in a few days they should be far enough to the north to be able to travel safely with the other people on one of the large trade routes that spread out across the land. Just as well: they would need to re-supply some things soon, and at the moment they were still very much walking blind. They knew they were going in the right direction, consulting their compasses regularly, but in order to find out how they could get to the Hux clan’s central stronghold, Skye Castle according to the information they’d managed to acquire, they would need to ask someone. That part was not something they looked forward to; it was a massive risk, and there was no telling how it would go with the three of them being so obviously Southern, and none of them speaking any of the Northern tongues or dialects. But they didn’t have much choice – after all, nothing good would ever come out of them turning back around now. ~*~*~ “What do you mean, ‘the border is closed’?” Han stared wide-eyed at the guard in front of him. The man was almost taller than Chewie, and wore impressive armour together with an even more impressive sword, a huge hand resting on the hilt. “Why?” “There has been an outbreak of the plague,” the guard explained patiently. “No one is permitted to enter or leave the land until the Crows confirm it has run its course.” “You’re awfully calm for someone in a plague stricken land,” Han snorted. “I don’t believe you. Now, I’m telling you – again – that me and my good friend here need to see the warchief and his Crow. It’s a matter of the utmost importance.” “So you say.” The guard wasn’t impressed at all. “An important matter, which – let me guess – you cannot disclose the nature of to anyone but the Crow.” “Exactly!” The guards, five of them that Han could see, shared a glance and a chuckle. The one whom he’d been speaking to gave Han a pat on the shoulder that nearly sent him to his knees. “We’ve heard that one before, my good man,” he said. “We still can’t let you enter. The warchief forbids it. Now, you are more than welcome to stay at the inn over there for the night.” He pointed to a house, just south of the rest of the buildings making up the border village and garrison. “Not wise to stay outside up here when fall’s approaching. Lots of creatures out there that will be happy to eat human flesh if given a chance. But tomorrow, you’ll have to turn back. The border is closed.” “Can you at least send a message?” Han tried. “You’ve got to have birds here to send to the castle, right? Just send them a note that ‘Han Solo’ needs to speak to master Ren in person. He’ll know who I am. I promise you.” “Of course he will.” The sarcasm was practically dripping from the guard’s voice. “Now, be on your way, or we’ll have to take you into custody for creating a disturbance.” Han was positively fuming as they headed for the inn, but he was determined not to give up. There had to be a way to convince the guards to let them pass. If all else failed, they’d simply have to make a break for it – even though it would probably end in disaster. All around the village and garrison were open fields, recently harvested and impossible to hide in. they’d have to go at night, but even then it would be risky. It had to be done, though: they had no idea of how many days of travel they still had to get through before reaching the legendary Skye Castle, and this simply couldn’t wait much longer. There had been too many delays as it was, and they would soon have to look for some way to spend the winter up here without anyone killing them before they could head back south come spring. ~*~*~ The Crows had spent the entire week in long discussions about the future of the North in general, and their clan in particular – only taking breaks to go out and show the appropriate amount of admiration and support for their respective chieftains when they went at each other in the fighting ring. Aya had explained to Ren that Hux was doing this to prove his strength and worth not just to the clan, but to Ren especially. This year, him partaking in the fighting was more personal than ever before – because he needed to show both Ren and his chieftains that no one deserved the Crow’s affection more than him, that no one was better equipped to care for him. They all agreed that it was a bit silly, given that the Crow had already settled on him, and wouldn’t be allowed to bond with anyone else, anyway. But Ren had to admit to himself that the sight of Hux in only his trousers, covered in blood and mud, beating opponent after opponent into the ground with the use of both strength and technique, as well as every dirty trick in the book, was a very impressive and alluring sight. The green eyes shone like emeralds under the layer of filth, and the red hair flowed out like a fiery halo around his head with every move. Of course, he complained about the aches and sores for days afterwards, mainly, it seemed, to have an excuse to let Ren massage his sore muscles and sleep in. This appeared to be as traditional as the fighting itself, because none of the fighters seemed to crawl out of bed before the sun was already high in the sky. The Crow found it amusing to see what his lack of sympathy did to his warchief. Hux seemed to take it as a personal challenge to return with wounds actually worthy of his time, and he endured the treatment with more grace than Ren had expected him to. But eventually, the fair had been declared over, and everyone had returned home. The Crows had agreed to stay in close contact with each other – setting up meeting places for whenever it would be possible for them to leave their homes for a few days – and make sure their birds never ceased to scour the lands for news. They all felt better for knowing they were in this strange situation together, but still none of them could quite shake that unsettling feeling in their guts that something was very, very, wrong. The harvest had kept everyone busy from sunrise to sunset, Ren and Hux included, and now, with the leaves falling from the trees in bloody reds and sun-kissed yellows, the hunting season was in full tilt. As the Crow, Ren didn’t participate in the hunting. He was kept far too busy overseeing the activities at the castle, together with Mitaka, and taking care of whatever injuries the workers and hunters had managed to acquire that day. Hux, however, spent nearly every day out with Phasma and his closest circle, bringing in copious amounts of fresh meat to be prepared and preserved for the winter. One of the benefits of Skye Castle’s location was the fact that some of the tunnels down under the mountain were more or less permanently covered in ice – allowing them to store otherwise perishable foods for long periods of time without having to worry about it going bad. They made good use of them in the winters, building up a large supply, in case they needed it. The meat not stored in the frozen tunnels and rooms was usually dried to use as rations for their troops and emergency supplies in case everything else had been eaten or gone rancid. The castle buzzed like a giant beehive with activity, and if there ever was a time everyone – from youngest servant in training to warchief and Crow – felt proud of their clan, it was during this time of the year. Everyone did their part to ensure the health and prosperity of their clan, and no one complained or tried to worm out of it – they all knew they depended on each other to make it through the harsh winter months. ~*~*~ Hux knew, the second Béla reared and threw him off, that he really should have listened to Ren that morning when he’d said he had a bad feeling about today’s hunt and urged Hux to stay at the castle, and let the hunting party go without him – just for today. The warchief had assured him that he would take care of himself, and that it was rare that anyone got hurt during a deer hunt. Sure, there were plenty of both boars and bears roaming the forests, but they would probably be scared off by all the people and horses long before anyone could come too close. Now, though, he cursed himself for his sudden strike of reckless bravado. Scrambling to his feet, he only just managed to take in the sheer size of the boar in front of him before it lunged at him, all snarls and tusks and massive weight, and he had to throw himself to the side to avoid being impaled. It was no use, he realized, as a sharp pain erupted from his right thigh where a crooked, yellow tusk buried itself deep in his muscle, probably grazing the bone, too. He struggled to get his dagger free from its sheath so he would at least have something to defend himself with as the beast went at him again, and again. He could feel the impact of its hooves against his ribs, the creaking sensation of several of them breaking, as he tried to keep himself out of the way of the tusks. He stabbed wildly with the dagger, making impact here and there, but he knew he was in real danger of dying right there on the spot. There was a reason they always wore armour while hunting boars – and today, being a day for deer-hunting, they had foregone the armour in order to stay more mobile. Oh, how he regretted it now. ~*~*~ When the warchief’s hunting party arrived back at the castle, with a barely conscious Hux on a stretcher between two horses, Ren was already waiting for them. The birds had alerted him when the boar had attacked, and after sending them to warn the party, Ren had prepared for their arrival – a tight lump of fear and anxiousness heavy in his belly. He ordered them to follow, and they gently deposited Hux on Ren’s own bed, which had been fitted with clean sheets and extra pillows to make the warchief comfortable, and got to work. It was bad. Admittedly, it could still have been much, much, worse, but Hux was still seriously injured by any account. He’d lost a fair amount of blood from the wound in his thigh, and one just above his hip, there were several broken ribs, a broken collarbone, a multitude of cuts, scrapes, and bruises – and guessing from the large cut at his right temple, he also had a concussion. The bones he could set in his sleep, that wasn’t much of a worry, and the cut to his head would heal fine with some stitches and a bandage. The two main reasons for concerns were the wound on the thigh and hip, and he took every conceivable measure to make sure they were properly cleaned out and bandaged to minimize the risk of an infection setting in. The wound to his hip, although big and nasty looking, was a clean cut, thankfully, and thus easier to manage, but the other wound was bone deep, and any slight speck of dirt could cause an infection that could take his leg. But he worked efficiently and tirelessly, not showing Hux any more softness than his other patients, despite the warchief’s loud curses and protests when his many mixtures and ointments made contact with the damaged tissue. Despite his weakened state, it took Phasma and two more men to keep him still and prevent him from making anything worse while Ren treated him. It wasn’t until hours later, when he’d done all that could be done for the moment, and sent the rest of the people away, that Ren allowed himself to feel everything he’d pushed away in order to be able to perform his duty. He fixed Hux with the steeliest glare the warchief had ever found himself the target of, an eyebrow raised, and his arms crossed over his chest as he leaned against one of the bed-poles. “A boar,” he said, voice cold and trembling from the flurry of emotions raging under his calm demeanour, threatening to break loose at any moment. “Really?” Hux swallowed, and nodded weakly. Ren pursed his lips. “This, Braith, is why you should always listen to your Crow when he tells you things. I know better than most just what sort of damage a beast like that can cause. I have had the dubious pleasure of losing more than one patient to infections caused by those tusks – not to mention the crushed bones and internal bleedings. I told you to stay at home today, and you patted me on the head like some… like some silly child , and went on your merry way! What, the prospect of killing things seemed more important to you than the advice of your Crow? You think I would bother informing you if I wasn’t certain it was important? You think because I am in love with you I have suddenly gone all soft? I am not some hysteric old mother, Braith! When I tell you there is a reason to worry, I mean every single word of it! You could have died , you damned fool!” His voice had risen to an angry shout at the end, the fear and frustration bleeding through, and causing his voice to break slightly at the last words. Despite his best efforts, tears began escaping from the corners of his eyes, and he wiped them away with the back of his hand, turning his back on Hux and going to stand by the window, trying to reel himself in and keep Hux from seeing him like this. The warchief had shrunk under the force of his anger, never having had it directed at him before, nervously glancing around at the objects rattling against the surfaces on which they were placed, or floating several inches in the air above them. He bowed his head in shame. “You could have died, Braith,” Ren whispered again, only just loud enough for him to hear. “I’m sorry,” Hux managed, a lump rapidly forming in his throat. “Kylo, love, I’m so sorry. You’re right, I got so caught up in the thrill of the hunt that I didn’t think anything could go wrong. I should know better. I do know better. My love, please look at me. Please.” Kylo turned his head slightly, cheeks wet with tears and dark eyes flashing with anger and fear still. “I am so sorry. I will never ignore your advice again, I swear it on the lives of my children.” With his good hand, he patted the space next to him on the bed. “Please come here. Please let me hold you. I don’t want to see you this upset. Please, let me make it better somehow.” After a moment of hesitation, the Crow came over and settled close to him on the bed, careful to avoid any injured areas. Hux wrapped his good arm around him and pulled him as close as he could get, kissing the black hair where he could reach. Ren watched him closely all throughout the night, keeping him from falling asleep until he was sure the worst part was over and he was no longer in danger of falling out of consciousness. As the hours progressed and Hux’ body allowed itself to relax, the pain came with a vengeance, and for the following day and night, he drifted in and out of sleep, courtesy of Ren’s powerful pain-medications. Just as well, since it saved him from having to hear the scolding Ren delivered to Phasma and the other hunters about their outrageous negligence, which had led to their warchief being so seriously injured. What if it had been an enemy? What if it had been a throwing knife or an arrow? Hux could have died out there, because they weren’t by his side to protect him. It was nothing short of an utter disgrace that they were allowed to call themselves his friends and high guard, if they couldn’t even keep watch on him. Had they completely forgotten that the entire North was at war? How could they be so certain no one would try to start one here, too? He didn’t care about any of their excuses about tracks and spreading out to cover more ground, and not even Phasma got away without some scathing words directed at her. By the time he was finished, both the great hall and all surrounding rooms had been evacuated by frightened clanspeople, and they all quickly came to the general agreement never to anger their Crow. Two of Phasma’s high guards had been stupid enough to talk back, leading them to lie panting on the floor like fish on land after Ren had used the Force to choke them for their insubordination. Then he’d told them to take the boar’s corpse out of the castle and burn it. It was bad luck, eating the beast that nearly slayed their leader, and the thrice cursed boar itself certainly didn’t deserve the honour of being food for this clan. Never had the high guard obeyed an order faster, and the carcass was in flames within the hour. ~*~*~ Despite Ren’s best efforts, a fever did set in, and for several days he had to work day and night to keep Hux cool and the wound clean. Hux was not a very compliant patient, even while burning up with fever, so for the most part Mitaka had to act as the voice of the two rulers while Ren used every trick he knew – and occasionally brute force – to keep his warchief in bed. When the wound on his thigh needed cleaning, it took several people to hold Hux down and still while Ren removed the pus and cleaned it with strong-smelling and frightfully scathing mixtures – completely ignoring the curses and threats raining over him every time he so much as looked at the wound. For two days, Hux had been in a bad enough state to keep the clanspeople up waiting, praying to their Gods to let him live. It was a cruel reminder to them all how easily their lives could be cut short. A hunting trip gone wrong could happen to anyone – even their warchief – and then his great skills in battle, his fearsome reputation, and his brilliant strategic mind meant nothing. The Goddess claimed whomever she wanted, when she wanted – they were all equally insignificant to Her. But Ren was not called a master for nothing, and he eventually managed to bring the fever back down and force the infection out of Hux’ system by means of a collection of the most foul-tasting potions Hux had ever encountered. Still, the wound would take time to heal if he wanted to avoid any lasting damage, and so for the time being warchief Hux was confined to his bed – news he did not take very well. Ren was entirely unsympathetic, and merely reminded him that it was his own foolishness that had put him there. At least the Crow let him spend the days in a comfortable recliner that had been brought up to the Crow’s sitting area, allowing him to continue his planning without aggravating his injuries – but at the moment, the relationship between Hux and Ren was on the colder side. Hux was ashamed of himself and his juvenile lapse in judgment, and Ren struggled with the near loss of the man who had rapidly become his entire world – they both knew they needed to talk it out, but with the warchief still being very affected by the pain medications, and Ren kept busy from sunrise to past midnight running the clan, there was precious little opportunity to do so. ~*~*~ The summoning came just before dawn. Ren felt rather than heard the call to the audience chamber; a slight pull inside his head, and he crept out of bed as quietly as he could, putting on a simple tunic and breeches before heading down into the main area of the castle building. A part of him wanted to be relieved to finally hear from his leader again after so many weeks – months even – of that nerve-wrecking silence. But another part, a just awoken and quiet voice at the back of his head, could only whisper over and over how wrong this all felt. For the first time in eleven years, Ren realized that he had had begun to feel doubt, and he knew he had to keep the Raven from ever finding out just how deep it ran. Once in the chamber, he quickly got the smoke going, hands operating on their own accord after so many years of doing it, while Ren carefully built a protective wall around some of the more dangerous thoughts. He didn’t think Snoke would go looking for them, but he couldn’t stop himself from feeling less than certain – something that almost scared him more than the thought of having the Raven’s mind invade his again. It was an experience he would rather gut himself with a twig than go through that again – to have one’s innermost space brutally torn open and laid bare for the scrutiny of another. It had taken months and months for him to stop flinching away at the slightest touch of another’s thoughts after that. Only the tender care of his knights had helped him overcome it. At that time he’d thought he’d deserved it, but now he couldn’t for the life of him remember what his supposed crime even was. At least now he knew; some of his thoughts were borderline treasonous, and he also had the thoughts of the other Crows fresh in his memories. He had to protect them as well – their minds would shatter if subjected to the same intrusion that he had once endured. Cutting open the scar on his forearm from where always took blood for this purpose, he knelt on the floor and awaited his Raven’s attention. Snoke appeared, looming over him like a mountain, those eerie black eyes glimmering in what little light existed wherever he was at. “You were quick to heed my call,” the smoky figure said, clearly pleased. “I’m glad to see your obedience has not suffered in my absence.” “I live to serve, master,” Ren said, bowing his head. “When my master calls, I come.” It felt like poison, just saying the words. He realized they were no longer true, quickly concealing the realization behind the wall. “You’re a pride to our order, my hatchling. Always were. Which is why I never doubted that you would do fine even when left temporarily without my guidance.” Snoke leaned back a little, studying the man in front of him. “But now, there are things happening in the world that requires the full attention of us all. Therefore you and your subordinate Crows will leave for the House of Night as soon as possible, preferably within the week.” “For the House?” Ren repeated, confused. “What- why? What’s happened?” “You will find out once you arrive. Do I need to inform you, Ren, that this is not negotiable?” Ren swallowed. “I can’t, master,” he said, bracing himself for any repercussions. “My warchief… he’s been badly injured, and the clan is currently depending on me for guidance. I cannot leave so soon. I will need at least two weeks before he is strong enough to go back to his duties.” “Your warchief and his ailments are of no concern of mine,” Snoke’s voice turned cold. “You will do as you are told, hatchling. In seven days time I expect you to be on your way north.” “But, master, you said that- aaah! ” His entire body seized as pain invaded every last inch of his body, the feeling like lightning, like being crushed under heavy rocks, like ice, like fire all at once. Snoke watched as he squirmed on the floor, trying to remember how to breathe, but his master – as usual – showed little pity. Once he finally let up, Ren could do little else but lie there, eyes blown wide from terror, sweat soaking through his clothes, breath coming in shallow, short pants. “It seems you’re not as obedient as I thought anymore,” Snoke said. “That will have to be corrected. I cannot have the master of the Knights of Ren display such blatant insubordination in front of the other Crows.” His figure began dissolving. “Seven days, Ren. Your Crows are already on their way to you. Tarry, even for a day, and you will be punished.” It took the better part of an hour for Ren to pull himself off the floor, put out the fire, and begin the slow, staggering walk back to his tower. He would never have made it if Phasma hadn’t been on her way back to her own quarters after a night in someone else’s bed. She half supported, half carried him up the stairs and helped him back into bed. Ren didn’t even manage to thank her before his consciousness fled him. ~*~*~ Hux watched with ever growing worry as Ren moved about the tower. When he’d woken up a few hours earlier, Ren had been asleep next to him, despite the fact that the sun was already high in the sky, and Eira was pulling frantically at his hair, cawing and chatting, trying to wake him. When he did wake up, he seemed slow, sluggish, and he moved stiffly, as if he was in great pain, but he didn’t share the reason why – only apologized for oversleeping and causing Hux to go without further pain relief. The warchief had assured him that the pain wasn’t so bad anymore, and that he’d rather like to stop taking those confounded potions now. Normally, Ren would’ve offered a witty retort and a grin, but now only a small smile showed, followed by a murmur of if he was sure he was feeling better, then why not try. He’d been watching him for hours now, seated comfortably in the recliner, going over the daily business for the clan with Mitaka and Phasma. The Crow was till acting like he was trying to hide his pain, but Hux saw the winces, the slow movements, the shaking hands, and the way sweat dotted his brows. Eira had landed on his shoulder, and he’d nearly buckled, the bird herself hurrying off and chatting worriedly at him. Deciding that this needed addressing, he sent Mitaka and Phasma away, claiming fatigue, and once they’d closed the door behind them, he turned to his Crow, who had just dropped a jar full of some sort of leaves and was clearly upset by it. “Kylo,” he said gently. “Leave the jar be for now, and come here. Please.” He had never said that word so many times in his life as he had since the incident with the boar, but it seemed to work well on Kylo. “Love, please. You look like you’re about to faint.” Kylo didn’t answer, but sank down in the closest chair with obvious relief, hiding his trembling hands in his wide sleeves. Hux gave him a moment to gather himself before he spoke again. “What happened?” he asked. “You seemed fine yesterday, but today you look like you were the one to wrestle a boar during the night. Will you not tell me?” “I’m-” Kylo began, then paused, swallowing hard. “I’m leaving.” “ What? ” Hux could have sworn his heart actually stopped for a moment. “Why? What did I do wrong? Surely, the accident wasn’t-” “You did nothing wrong,” Kylo assured him, voice trembling slightly. “The Raven, he… He has ordered all Crows to return to the House of Night. I have no choice, Braith. I have to go.” “But, why?” “I don’t know.” Kylo curled on himself a little, pain flashing across his face. “I tried to tell him that I couldn’t, because you’d been wounded. That I needed more time. He… He did not approve, and he made sure I understood that.” “ He did that to you?” Hux felt sick. How was that even possible over such distances? “It was my own fault. I shouldn’t have questioned him. I know better.” “Don’t defend him,” Hux growled, anger taking over. “No one deserves to be in such pain merely for questioning someone.” “But it’s the truth,” Kylo sighed. “He is the Raven, I’m only a Crow – it’s not my place to question his orders.” Hux chose not to question that statement for now. It would only lead to an argument, and neither of them was in any sort of state to handle that right now. It was bad enough that they had been so distant with each other for the last few days - they didn't need further trouble. “When- when do you have to leave?” “Seven days from now, if I know what’s good for me. Aya and the others are on their way here.” “When will you be back?” Kylo looked more helpless than Hux had ever seen him, the tears he’d been fighting back finally spilled over. “I don’t know.” He hid his face in his hands. “I don’t want to go, Braith. Everything just feels so wrong , and I’m just- I’m just so conflicted, I don’t know what to do. I can’t stop feeling like something really bad will happen, and I can do nothing to prevent it!” Hux reached out as far as he could with his good hand, which was just enough to give Kylo’s robe a little tug, and the Crow allowed himself to be pulled over to the recliner and hidden against his chest. Hux kissed his hair, a gesture Kylo had said made him feel safe, and gently rubbed his shoulder and back. “Will you be able to speak to me through the Force?” he asked. Kylo nodded. “Then I want you to do that. No matter what time of day – if you need me, reach out. I will be here, even though I’m not able to reach you very well yet. You said I only needed to think what I wanted to say, right?” Another nod, Kylo seemed too tired to speak. “Then we should be fine. I won’t let you go through this alone. I promise. I don’t care if it’s the Gods themselves, Kylo – if someone harms you ever again, I will hunt them down and slaughter them all.” Notes: Sooo.... Sorry about the delay. I have no excuse, I've just been slacking off like mad. What can I say? Accidents do happen, even to warchiefs. And they don't exactly have hospital standard medical facilities or antibiotics. Infections happens, and Hux needed a little reminder of his own mortality - he's been too badass for a while now. Snoke is an asshat. An abusive, horrible, asshat. And things will not be peachy for anyone for a while. Just so you know. Also, heads up! I'm heading off on two trips out of town starting next week. I'll be back on August 17, and updates will be back to normal after that, but I can't guarantee I'll manage to squeeze out another chapter for this fic before that. I still have Lullabies to update as well. But I'll be doing some low key chapter planning and stuff, so things should probably run at least somewhat smoothly. :) And, as always, I'm always happy to chat over on tumblr, and you're more than welcome to drop by my askbox and/or drop me a message :) Chapter 12 : And So the Wheel of Fate Begins to Turn Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When the border patrols caught Han and Chewie attempting to sneak across the border the third time in as many nights, the two were promptly arrested and quite literally thrown into separate jail cells in the cellar below the garrison’s main building. Han had really thought for a moment that the guards’ relaxed demeanour signified the usual lack of proper training and competence – as many rulers tended to send the new men down to the borders to toughen them up a bit, and the misbehaving and lazy ones could also frequently be sent to the border garrisons as punishment – but apparently these men were not only highly trained, but had regarded the Southerner and his friend as a source of amusement until they finally decided that enough was enough, and had them arrested in a shamefully short time. Han hadn’t been disarmed and neutralized this quickly since he was a youngster, and he wasn’t quite sure how to feel about it. Chewie was conflicted as well. His Northern blood demanded he be proud of his fellow Northerners and their skills, but at the same time he was very ashamed at having been so easily apprehended. And so now the two men sat in their respective cell, quiet, mutually agreeing not to speak about this ever again should they survive this. Now it was just a matter of time before the guards would return with the decision about whether they would live or die. They could try to break out, of course – there was always that possibility – but they were both too old and too slow to get away again once they were out, if they even made it that far, so their best option for now was to simply sit there and contemplate their lives and their choices. “You could, you know, tell them who you are,” Chewie signed after a few hours. “The Queen would never allow anyone to execute a family member of another royal house without first speaking to them in person. Hux, as far as I know, is a civilised man. Maybe he does that, too?” Han sighed. “Maybe,” he nodded. “We can try, but I wouldn’t put too much hope into it, old friend. Right now I think our best option is to try and run for it on the way to the gallows or whatever it is they do here.” “Gallows,” Chewie signed. “Or beheading. Depends on the access to timber and suitable trees.” “That’s not very reassuring, Chewie.” Chewie shrugged. “Could’ve been worse. Could’ve been an arena. Like down in Arkanis. Or they could’ve fed us to the dogs, like down in Tattooine.” “You. Are. Not. Helping,” Han gritted out. “Sometimes I wonder what they do to you northern folks to make you so completely flippant about the subject of death and executions.” “The Goddess takes who she wants, when she wants,” Chewie shrugged. “We’re not stupid enough to think we can change her mind. Besides, we take death far too seriously not to joke about it. The only thing both kings and slaves have in common, after all. We’re all ants to her – might as well laugh about it.” “Chewie. You are my friend and brother. You are my family, and I love you dearly – but right now you are not helping this situation at all. I need to think right now. My son is in this land somewhere – probably convinced we all hated him – and the woman I love wants to kill him. I need to do something to fix this pile of fish-waste of a situation before this becomes a war.” “I thought you were going to kill him.” “He is my son , Chewie – my only son. My firstborn. I will not kill him any more than I would kill Leia or Rey. I just need to see him. See what became of him. Ask him what happened, where we went wrong. I-” He hid his face in his hands. “I just need to see my boy.” ~*~*~ There had been four very busy days following Ren’s summoning. He had tried to inform the clan in a manner as relaxed and assuring as possible – not wanting them to know how upset he was by this – but the clan had still not taken it very well. Their Crow being forced up North in the middle of burning war, being forced to leave their wounded warchief behind – what, had the Gods gone mad all of a sudden? Everyone and their cousin wanted a moment of his time, and together with Mitaka he had been kept busy from sun up and long past sun down trying to organize as much as he could before leaving. Hux was thankfully making good progress, and could now even manage to walk between rooms with some support, making it easier for him to take over some parts of his duties again. Against his wishes, Ren had carried him downstairs to his own chambers, so he wouldn’t have to battle with the stairs every day. Only the Crow’s promise to spend every night with him there placated him enough to allow it. Aya and the other Crows had arrived the night before, all of them pale and shaken, more or less falling into Ren’s arms for some form of comfort – their leader gathering them to himself like little children, stroking their hair and whispering soothing things before ushering them inside and up the stairs to his tower. That, more than anything had upset the people around them – to see that every single one of their Crows was upset and anxious about this journey, that something had happened to them, something bad. Ren had sent for extra beds so that they could stay in the tower until they left; it was the safest place he knew in the castle, and they had spent the entire first night behind that closed door, discussing Gods knows what, and emerged in the morning, pale faced and hollow eyed – jaws hard set, and gazes determined. This did not look good. Hux had watched how the insecurity and fear, the look of a beaten dog, had crept back and taken over Ren’s entire presence and posture again over these few days, and he wanted nothing more than for his body to heal so he could take his army with him and burn the world down, acre by acre, until they found the Raven. It would be his great and absolute pleasure to make sure it took at least a week for that wretched old man to die for undoing all the progress it had taken Ren months to make. He knew full well he was being dangerously close to blasphemy with his thoughts, but he could not care less, because Ren was steadily working himself into a spiritual crisis, and this was something he could not in any way afford at this moment. So many people looked to him for guidance, so many people studied his every move, his every last little frown, to see if there was cause for worry. And that was only here at the castle; what would happen once they reached the House? What would the other Crows think when they saw the Master of the Knights of Ren looking like a dog waiting for his master’s boot to hit? At the moment, he was sitting naked at the edge of his bed while his Crow gently but thoroughly washed his skin clean with a sponge dipped in very pleasantly smelling water. As much as he enjoyed Kylo’s hands on his body, the intimacy of the touch, there was nothing particularly sensual or erotic about it – but he couldn’t help but feel very loved as he watched how carefully and gently Kylo worked the sponge over his skin, always making sure he wasn’t scrubbing too hard or came too close to a wound or put too much pressure on the area where most of his broken ribs were. The Crow really didn’t have to do this, usually this was something an older, trusted, servant or one of his aunts would do – washing the body of a wounded warrior was a fairly mundane task, and nothing that really merited any thoughts about more… sensual aspects of nakedness. A body was a body, and that was that. But Kylo refused to let anyone else do this, seeming for all as if he considered this some sacred task, and Hux certainly was not stupid enough to complain about it. He just wished he wasn’t in this situation to begin with. Once Kylo had finished washing his skin and carefully dried him with a soft cloth, he went about changing the bandages on the wounds on his thigh and hip. Both looked better by the day – no signs of any more infections, only the healthy shade of healing skin, but the areas were still sore, and it stung when the Crow gently examined the area before cleaning it up and re-wrapping it in new bandages, and re-positioning his left arm in its sling to keep his collarbone healing properly. After helping Hux move to lean against the mountain of pillows stacked against the headboard so he could sleep somewhat comfortably, Kylo’s hands lingered on his shoulders, his eyes fixed on the contrast between his own pale, ink covered skin, and Hux’ lightly tanned, freckled one, as his hands seemed to move of their own accord across Hux’ chest and shoulders – as if he’d never seen anything like it before. Something in the mood of the room changed as Hux reached out and caressed his cheek before burying his good hand in Kylo’s hair and drawing him closer. A blush had started rising across Kylo’s face, eyes wide, uncertain, expectant, and altogether much more innocent than Hux had ever thought them capable of as they locked gazes with each other. Tilting his head slightly to give them both a better angle, he brought their lips together, gently and slowly, not trying to press further until he felt Kylo respond and reciprocate fully. The kiss remained slow, but deepened and filled with a searing, molten heat – spreading through their blood like lava, their grip on each other becoming more tight, more insistent, more desperate, but when Hux reached for Kylo’s belt, the Crow stopped his hand and broke the kiss, searching eyes locked onto his. “Braith,” he whispered, voice breathless, ragged, beautiful. “A-are you sure you’re up for this? You’re only just beginning to heal properly, this could make it worse.” Hux kissed his forehead and gently shook his hands off his arm. “I don’t know when I will see you again, love,” he said, eyes glassy with emotions, voice hoarse. “I can’t stand the thought of never having held you in my arms before you leave. I want this, Kylo. These wounds be damned, I want… I need to know that this, us, has been consummated and made solid – that you are mine and I am yours.” Some tears were starting to build up at the corners of his eyes, and he willed them to remain unshed. “If something were to happen to you, my love… I can’t stand the thought of it. I need to know I at least held you once. That I at least showed you once how deeply and truly I love and desire you.” Kylo closed his eyes, treacherous tears escaping down his cheeks as he nodded, resting their foreheads together as he helped Hux remove his belt, before bringing their lips together again. Together they peeled layer after layer off of Kylo’s body, Hux kissing every new patch of skin bared before him, committing it all to memory, the salt of his and Kylo’s tears mingling with the taste of the Crow’s skin under his lips and tongue, Kylo’s broken whispers of his name falling like some unholy, heretic prayer from his lips, desperate hands in his hair, over his shoulders and back, the soft black hair like silk between his fingers, the stark contrast between the compact black of the massive tattoos and the pale skin beneath it. He needed to remember this. All of it. The North was a harsh land, it’s winters cruel – but nothing so cruel as the Goddess, who took what she wanted, when she wanted; kings and slaves equal before her, and this summoning of the Crows sounded too much like the sweet whisper of Faeries luring hunters to their deaths. They knew better than to believe Kylo would return unaffected. All they could hope for was for him to return alive, to return without having been damaged beyond what could be repaired. He needed to remember Kylo like this; the mesmerising blend of frailty and strength, pure allure and innocence, compassion and cruelty – there was no telling what man the Kylo who returned would be. This painful, tear-filled, trembling and desperate moment was all they had. It had to last them. They had to make it count. As the last garment fluttered to the floor, Hux coaxed Kylo to straddle his lap, taking care to avoid the injured areas, and kissed him deeply. Kylo pulled his hair free of the braid it had been kept in while he washed, running his hands through it, gripping it tightly as if those blood-on-copper strands were his salvation, his anchor, his only life-line on a storming winter sea – their kiss transforming into something more hungry, frantic, their bodies picking up a rhythm, moving restlessly against each other as if they wished to blend together into a single being. Only when air became a dire need did they part, and only an inch, panting breaths still mingling, eyes fixed to one another, the entire universe shrunken down to this room, this bed, this shared heat, this moment. Kylo held out one hand, and the small vial containing a slick substance designed for this purpose alone – it had been sitting in a pocket of his robes for weeks now, waiting for him to finally, finally , gather the courage to do this – to give this last little, but oh so significant piece of himself to his beloved warchief, to finally belong to him. “Let me,” Hux whispered, as if his voice alone could shatter the air around them. “Please.” Kylo only nodded, not trusting his own voice to carry sound, and poured a generous amount onto Hux’ waiting hand. As Hux prepared him, with such gentleness and reverence it made Kylo’s heart ache, the warchief’s lips never once left his skin or lips, the touch of them, the trembling breath following it… it was worship; complete and utter, blasphemous worship . Right here, in this moment, the only God to Braith Hux of the North was Kylo Ren, son of no one – and even at the threat of damnation, no force in the universe could ever make Kylo apologize of feel shame for the strength and power he felt surge through him at the realization. The Gods could damn themselves – in this moment, they were naught . As their bodies finally joined together, the feeling of being connected, of belonging, of finding that place, the moment, where the world finally fit together – where the world finally made sense – washed over them with the power of an avalanche, causing Kylo's hold on the barriers of his mind to slip, obliterating the walls remaining between their minds until they simply could not tell one mind from the other, one touch from the other, one thought from the other – only moving together, chasing the sensations rippling through them, breaking apart and coming together as something new, something tainted yet pure, solid, invincible; a bond between souls as well as bodies and hearts – consummation at its highest peak. Their climaxes built slowly but hit with the force of an ocean, torn violently out of them; their minds blanking out, the world ceasing its existence, hearts stopping, breath halting, lips locked together as if they would die if they let go. Slowly moving through the aftershocks, letting their minds settle back inside themselves, they took their time to caress each other’s sweat-soaked skin, nails softly dragging over scars and tattoos, painting abstract little patterns in the salty rivulets running down their chests. As they parted, Hux ran his hand through Kylo’s sweaty hair, swearing to himself he’d never seen anything more beautiful in his entire life than this Crow, sweaty and dishevelled, hair tousled and lips swollen, eyes red from the tears still escaping them, but smiling like some divine creature, glowing in the darkness of the room. “I love you,” Kylo whispered, gaze soft, hand trembling from exhaustion as he reached to tuck a strand of hair behind Hux’ ear. “Whatever happens, whatever the Gods bring upon us when we reach the North, know that. Know that I love you more than anything, and that I would burn this world to ash should it try to break us apart or take you from me.” “I love you, too,” Hux smiled, green eyes dark with emotion. “More so than I ever thought myself capable of and more so than I ever thought it possible to love another. I am yours and you are mine. And if anyone objects to this or tries to part us, I will tear them and the world apart to stop it from happening – I promise you that. By the Gods, Kylo, my heart was yours from the first moment I ever laid eyes on you.” Kylo blushed, leaning in to kiss him again. He’d have to wash Hux’ body and clean his wounds all over, but for now he wouldn’t move for anything in the world. Not when he’d finally found the belonging he’d spent his life searching for. ~*~*~ “So, if I understand you correctly,” the guard said, exasperatedly. “You are Queen Organa’s secret husband, and our Crow, master Ren, is your long lost son – and you need to find him before the Queen starts a war, because of something related to the order of succession. You do realize how daft this all sound, I hope?” Han sighed. They’d been at it for hours already. The guards asked the same questions over and over again; who are you, why are you here, where did you come from, what in the Gods names is so important that you try to sneak across our border three times despite being denied entry? The angles and wordings differed, but the subject remained the same. At least they’d stopped hitting him an hour or so ago, when they realized he wasn’t changing even a word of his story, even under the threat of execution for trespassing on forbidden ground. Now, they were all looking at him as if he was some sort of madman, vividly hallucinating a reality that made absolutely no sense to them. “Trust me,” Han said, too tired to even bother being flippant. “I hear exactly how stupid this all sounds. I understand perfectly why you’re not inclined to believe me – but this is still the truth. I am Queen Organa’s paramour, though. Not husband. I’m not a nobleman, so we can’t marry. But master Ren is my- our , only son, who was lost to us years ago. We believed he’d died, up until a couple of months ago when we learned he not only lives, but that he’s joined the Crows and is now serving under your warchief. I need to see him. Drag me there in chains and put a sword to my throat if you need to – but please , I am begging you, let me see him.” The guards looked at each other for a moment, and then Han found himself dragged back to his cell while they deliberated. They hadn’t bothered questioning Chewie, partially because no one here could sign, and partially because of their disgust that one of their fellow Northerners had joined up with this piece of Southern garbage, thus betraying his own noble northern blood. The giant man was very offended by this, since he could probably offer a much more coherent statement than Han, and he knew the rules around here – but he also understood the depth of his own treachery. One did not simply leave the North behind only to return in the company of a Southerner – people had been killed on the spot for less than that. The guards were apparently having trouble coming to a decision; the hours passed one after another, and there was little else for Han and Chewie to do but try to get some rest, say their prayers, and hope that they’d somehow make it out of here. It was nearing evening when the locks on the door to the cells were opened and two guards came in, one of them carrying two bowls of some sort of stew on a tray. After they’d been served their dinner, the guard that hadn’t carried their food – probably one of the officers, given the way he carried himself – looked them over. “You’ll be pleased to know that the decision regarding your fate has been passed on to higher authority,” he said. “We’ve got a personnel change scheduled tomorrow, and some of our lads are heading home to Skye Castle – so the Captain decided you’ll be going with them. You’ll remain restrained for the duration of the journey, but at least you’ll get to live for a while longer.” “T-thank you!” Han sputtered. “Thank you for believing me! We’ll be on our best behaviour, you have my word.” “We don’t believe you,” the guard retorted. “But we’re not stupid enough to risk anything, just in case that mad tale you told is true. The decision is up to the warchief and Crow – they’re the only ones with the authority to judge in your case. I’d rather they be angry with us for wasting their time than for being guilty of starting a war. You won’t be able to keep anything secret from the Crow anyway.” With that, he left the cells, and Han and Chewie were left alone again. Finally, they were getting somewhere! Han felt a twinge of giddiness inside as the news settled in his mind; he was going to see Ben again. He was actually going to meet the child he thought he’d buried more than a decade ago but never for a second stopped mourning. While he never suffered any delusions about being a good man, there were limits – even for him – and condemning his own child to death had left a mountain of guilt on his shoulders that no distance, no running, no amount of drink could ever lessen. If they hadn’t had Rey to care for, Han was certain Ben’s death would’ve been the thing that finally drove them apart where nothing and no one else had succeeded. ~*~*~ “ This is all wrong, my little one, ” Eira whispered worriedly inside Ren’s mind, from where she was perched on Hux’ headboard, watching her master watch his sleeping warchief. “ It’s not right to part a mated pair like this. To force you away from him like this. It’s not right. I wish I could go with you .” Ren didn’t answer right away, instead he caressed Hux’ bearded cheek, running his hand though his sleep tousled hair, before placing one last kiss on those plump lips and withdrawing – putting his gloves on, followed by his helmet and cowl. “ You’re right ,” Ren said. “ This is wrong, and it shouldn’t be happening at all – let alone like this. But I have no choice, little mother. I must protect you all .” He stroked her white head. “ He will need you by his side while I’m gone. Try to speak to him – our bond is strong. You should be able to reach him through it if you try. ” “ I will do my best .” She hesitated. “ Please come back to us, hatchling of mine. Me, him, the Flock, we need you. You are what holds us together. ” “ I promise. Tell the Flock to protect him – no matter the cost. And don’t let him feel alone. Stay close to him always. Both you and the rest of the Flock. ” “ We will keep him safe. ” Taking one final look at the sleeping face of the man who had come to be the very centre of his world, Ren bit back the tears, forcing himself to straighten his back and hold his head high. The time for softness had passed. Kylo, lover of Braith, Crow of Skye Castle had to remain behind. If he was to keep them all safe and find a way out of this mess, he had to make sure that the Raven saw only Kylo Ren, master of the Knights of Ren, and son of Death – his most loyal and devoted follower, and his ruthless, unquestioning enforcer. He had to pretend that this newfound heart of his was nothing, that he had never felt even a flicker of doubt, that nothing mattered more to him than his order; that he remained forever the one true follower. It was the only way he could keep the other Crows and the Raven at a safe enough distance for him to work out what was going on and how he could protect those he cared about should it be something malevolent. He felt sick to his stomach that his belief in his leader was so shaken that he couldn’t even trust his intentions any longer, but he made himself ignore it. There was no room for it now – he knew what he had to do; his first and foremost duty as Crow: Obey the will of the Gods, protect his clan, and guide his people. He would not let anything come in the way of that – not even himself. With a last little nod to Eira, he turned and left the room – knowing that Hux wouldn’t wake for hours yet, courtesy of the sleeping potion he had slipped him along with some pain medication earlier. It was better this way. Having to say goodbye would break them both. ~*~*~ There was no moon that night, and the clouds hung thick and low, bathing the landscape in ominous darkness – making the black shapes of the Crows almost indistinguishable from their surroundings as they exited the front gates, reins tight until they were safely across the bridge, before galloping down the road, quickly swallowed up by the night. Only the sound of hooves against solid earth could have given away their departure had it not been for the fact that every single guard, servant, and stable boy awake that night had been put into a trance-like sleep by the midnight clad people hours earlier – once the Force let go of their minds, the Crows would be long gone. It was better this way. It was the way of the Crows. They came and they went, goodbyes were not in their nature to give, and they could offer no promise of return. Better then, to be swallowed up by the midnight they wrapped themselves in, to seem like a strange dream in the hearts and minds of the people around them. Better then, to remind the ordinary men and women that Crows were creatures of another world, another order, and that mortal rules did not apply to them. It did not mean their hearts did not break, left behind as they were with people who would not understand their actions and who might not ever truly understand them . The Crows rode on, silent and grim. To anyone who saw them pass, they would have looked like a bad omen, a promise of dark times ahead. How dark, only the Gods could tell, and they remained silent. ~*~*~ Hux knew, from the moment he woke up a few hours after dawn, that Ren was gone. There was an empty feeling to the air around him, his heart heavy and aching as if it had been hollowed out and robbed of its core. He couldn’t say he was surprised; there had been something final about the way he’d whispered goodnight as Hux fell into sleep, something of a farewell in the way he had cleaned them both up after their lovemaking, the way his eyes were dark, empty pools of sorrow when he thought Hux wasn’t looking. Of course, he understood why Ren had to do this, why he had to go, why he had to leave in the night like a common thief with no wishes of a safe journey – no tears shed – for him. The North was harsh, and the Gods had little sympathy for the frail hearts of mortals in the face of their own, grander schemes. No, it wasn’t a surprise, but that didn’t make it hurt any less. All he could do now was to throw himself into his work, to keep his plans moving forward. When spring came, the North would march. They would take the South, raze it to the ground and rebuild it in the name of the Gods of the First Order – with or without their Crows. It was going to be a long winter, and for the first time in ages, Hux wished he had his children with him – their carefree laughter filling the halls like music, their playful antics bringing some much needed light to the castle – banishing the dark silence caused by Ren’s absence. But he knew better than to risk moving them. They had to stay at the coast with his mother, until it was safe for them to step back into the light. It was going to be a lonely winter, and Hux willed his heart to match the cold of it – there was no more room for softness now. War was coming, and the Hux clan were the ones sounding the drums. There was no room for a heart in this, not anymore. He had to keep them all safe, no matter the cost. Notes: I, uhm, have no excuses at all for this. Sorry. I'm not entirely positive I managed to display the severity of this situation, and how uncertain it is for everyone what will happen and what the consequences will be for them all - but yeah. It's not looking good, folks. Han is having something of a change of heart, and it's going to be interesting to see what happens when you put Hux and Han in a room together. I'm heading North for a few days, Aug 10th -17th, to visit my parents, and while I will be bringing my laptop with me, their internet is a disgrace to technology, so I probably won't be able to update. Lullabies will be updated before the next installment here, so be on the lookout for that sometime after the 17th. Like always, your comments give me life and motivation to keep pouring my heart and soul into this fic, so do tell me what you think before you go, yeah? See you soon, my lovelies! Chapter 13 : South Meets North Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The Crows pushed their horses as much as the animals would let them, in order to reach the House as fast as they could. The creeping, crawling sensation down their spines told them they were closely watched, and none of them wanted to give Snoke any reason to punish them for their tardiness – despite the fact that they had left well before their days of grace ran out. They knew better than to take any risks when they were already on his bad side. Passing villages and garrisons at careful distances, only stopping for a few hours of rest each night, and sharing their meals while in the saddle, they were covering the distance at a good speed, but the House was still several days away. None of them spoke much, it was like they had all withdrawn into their own minds, looking out at the world from some safe space deep within their souls – protecting what they could of themselves, trying to keep their resolves steady as the changes in the landscape told them they were so far from their homes they might as well be in a different world. Other Crows, having received the same summoning, joined them along the way, glad for the company on the long journey – but the silence and tension from the Hux Crows spread quickly through their ranks, and more than ever they seemed like creatures of some supernatural kind; a grim and silent dark mass of billowing cloaks and pale faces under deep hoods. The sound of hooves against the cold ground the only thing that marked them as real things as they passed through the lands. There must be at least thirty of them now, riding together in tight little groups – each clan to their own, with the wandering Crows dotted about among them. When they made camp at night, clan Crows kept their distance from each other, the wandering ones stayed at a respectful distance from them, and everyone made sure to give master Ren and his Hux Crows a very wide berth – knowing better than to come too close to a Knight without due permission, even at a time like this. Frost covered the ground around their camp, glittering like little stars in the pale light of the slowly rising sun. The horses’ breaths stood like glittering clouds around their muzzles, their heavy blankets and bridles tinting white from the vapour coming off the animals’ warm bodies. Kylo sat alone on a fallen log a little to the side of the Hux Crows’ camp, elbows on his knees, and chin resting on his glove-clad knuckles – lost in thought. He’d barely gotten more than a few hours of sleep since they left Skye Castle, the darkness brining out more memories than he’d faced in a long time – the loss of Hux’ soothing presence next to him proved to have a larger impact on his state of mind than he’d initially thought. Now sleep eluded him, and he hated the thought of all the other Crows hearing his tormented sleep through the thin fabrics of their tents. So he volunteered to guard the campfire, only allowing himself short periods of rest when one of his own Crows were there and the other Crows asleep. He occupied himself with prayers, planning, going through his vast amount of forms – sword cutting through the still night air with low hisses as he cut his way through it, imagining the ghostly forms of long dead enemies around him and channelling his anger and frustration through the blade. There were so many possible scenarios that could happen once they reached the House, so many things that could go wrong, a few that could go right, far too many minds to keep track of and loyalties to gauge. The confusion and worry was reeking off of his fellow Crows – upset feelings and anger from the still on-going conflicts simmering much too close to the surface for his liking. Gathering all the Crows under one roof after a summer like this one had a potential to end in disaster. They rarely fought amongst themselves, but when they did – it never ended with less than brutal bloodshed as their own violent natures got the better of them. Crows were not good people. They didn’t need to be. Sometimes that was their strength; the ability to make the decisions no one else could make, do the unspeakable things no one else could bear doing, face the horrors no one else had the strength to face. Sometimes it was their weakness – balancing the light and dark inside them was never easy, and certainly not when their entire world was being shaken to its core and centuries old peace was shattered in their hands. Darkness always was their home, and like anyone else, when things went wrong they would always want to seek the safety and comfort of a familiar place. Kylo knew he had to keep his own fears and worries as hidden as he could. As the master of the Knights, he was supposed to lead by example. If they could see him give in to fear and anxiety, it would be all too easy for them to succumb as well, and then there’d be no way to save the situation. So he prayed and planned, pretended the compulsive repetition of fighting forms was nothing more than him maintaining his strict training routine, and hoping they’d believe him. It was a small blessing that most of the other Crows were so afraid of him that they wouldn’t dare reach out with their minds in his general direction, let alone hone in on him in particular. He could hide nothing from his own Crows, though. Aya, especially, had an uncanny way of understanding the discord inside his head. She was a tough woman, Aya, Northerner through and through – a formidable fighter, wise teacher, and a brilliant healer, and he’d joked with her often that he wished he could’ve had her as a mother instead of the one who bore him. Now he felt her Force presence as she approached the place where he sat, gathering her heavy cloak around herself as she took a seat next to him – looking out over the surrounding forest. They remained like that, sharing a companionable silence for a while, until she reached out and put a hand on his shoulder. “Did you get any sleep at all?” she asked. “An hour or so,” Kylo shrugged. “I’m alright.” “We both know you’re not.” She glanced over at him. “We’ll be at the House within a week. I know you worry about what will happen – we all do – but remember; you are the master of the Knights. Your words and opinions carry more weight than most of the Elders’. Our siblings will listen to you. They will hear you out.” “It’s not our siblings I’m worried about,” Kylo sighed. “Some of them will agree with me, some won’t. Some I can convince, and others I’ll have to fight. It’s as it’s always been. But the Gods are so quiet, Aya. I’ve always heard them whisper in the back of my head – ever since I was a little one they’ve been there, guiding me, keeping me focused, but now there’s just… silence . I don’t know what to do. What if… what if they’ve left us?” “They’re still there. They’re still with you.” “How do you know?” “I don’t,” Aya admitted. “But I have to think they are, because I can’t bear the thought of them not being with us.” She sighed and patted him on the back. “Come now, we have to get going. Lots of ground to cover yet, so we might as well get an early start.” He nodded and followed her back to the camp, where his Crows were already breaking camp and getting their horses ready. Askr bumped his ugly head into Ren’s chest in an unusual display of affection when Ren came over to saddle him, and Ren allowed himself a few moments of running his fingers through his thick mane and stroking his soft muzzle – much to Askr’s contentment – before he got to work. Soon only the piles of smoking ashes were left to tell anyone had ever been there – the Crows already dots against the horizon, and by the time the sun reached its zenith, they were miles away. ~*~*~ Hux was in a foul mood, had been ever since he woke up to an empty bed and the distinct lack of Ren’s presence in his mind, and he simply could not bring himself out of it. Ten nights had passed now. Ten nights alone in the large bed at the top of the tower, the hours dragging on and sleep evading his grasp. The days were better, if only just a little, since he could keep himself relatively occupied with planning, ruling, and generally sticking his nose into everyone’s business in order to update himself on the things he’d missed during his long confinement to the bed. The itching and stinging in his wounds grated on both his nerves and his patience, and though Ren’s assistants were quite competent in wound care, their bandaging never seemed to fit as comfortably, and their ointments always smelled too strongly or stung too much. It was a trying time for them all, and he pretended he didn’t notice how people gave him an even wider than usual berth as he moved around the castle with the help of a walking stick –having finally gotten rid of the crutch they'd saddled him with - trying to find some outlet for his restlessness without ruining his progress. It was a long time to go yet, before he could get back out on the training ground or up in the saddle, and if there was anything Braith Hux needed in his life, it was to be able to be outside and do things – being confined to his castle like this was torture. The frustration made his tongue sharper than usual, his temper shorter, and the only one who seemed unperturbed by his unpleasantness was, as always, Phasma. Her silent presence and non-judgemental enduring of his bouts of anger was a balm to his frazzled nerves, and he was grateful to have her by his side. At the moment, the cousins had just finished their lunch – Hux sitting as comfortably as he could on his throne, Phasma in a fur-clad chair next to him on the dais, a table with the remains of a roasted chicken on it between them. Eira was perched on top of the carcass, happily picking away at what was left. They’d spent the morning going over Phasma’s plans for a new training regime to make sure their troops were in peak fighting condition when spring came. There were many younglings in the clan who’d be seeing their first field campaign that spring, and the older troops could always use some more training just in case. If they were going to take the South, they could not slack even a little when it came to competence and skill. He was impressed, as always, by her through research and minute attention to details and differences – and he’d given her the all clear to send directions out to the rest of the clan just as their meal had been brought in. “I’ve been meaning to talk to you about something,” Phasma said as she sipped her ale. “Oh?” Hux said. “Nothing bad, I hope?” “Not at all.” She smiled, and he noticed she was blushing slightly – which was unusual for her. “It’s about Mitaka.” “Mitaka?” “Yes. I intend to marry him.” Hux choked on his ale, staring at her wide-eyed, brows having shot straight up. Phasma laughed and patted him on the back to help him out. “When did this come about?” he croaked eventually. “And why hasn’t he asked my permission yet? He, if anyone, knows the law requires a warchief’s permission for to members of the court to marry.” “Well,” Phasma said. “He hasn’t asked me to marry him yet. But I intend to ask him, so this is me needing your permission.” “Does he know of this intention?” “Not yet, no. But he’s a good man, a kind man – he is a brave one, too, in his own way, and he knows his place. Besides, I happen to find him very appealing to look at, what with that soft little face and those huge dark eyes of his.” Hux was quiet for a while, trying to process this. If there was ever a marriage he’d never thought he’d witness, it would probably be that one – but it did make sense in a way. Phasma had never had much patience for the clumsy “courting” of the warriors in the clan, no matter their gender – their only use to her was as soldiers or a short encounter to relieve tension during a feast or post-battle. Mitaka was bright, clever, impeccably respectful, and had a backbone of steel when it mattered. He would never treat Phasma as anything less than a goddess. “I always thought I’d see you with a woman,” he admitted. “But if your heart is set on Mitaka, then I am not one to deny you. Just… just be gentle with him, would you? I need him whole and sane if this campaign is going to work out.” “Thank you, Braith!” she smiled, looking younger and happier than he could remember seeing her in a long time. “And don’t worry, I’ll treat him like the finest treasure.” Hux was just about to give her a snarky reply, when Eira’s head shot straight up, and she took off like an arrow out through one of the open windows – a furious caw splitting the air in her wake. Then, a commotion could be heard from outside. The angry beating of hundreds of wings and angry chatters and caws from the birds, and surprised yells from the people out in the courtyard broke the peaceful atmosphere they’d been enjoying, and then the double doors flew open to reveal one of Phasma’s high guards. “Lord Hux,” he yelled. “You must come quick! The birds, they’ve gone mad! They’re attacking the prisoner transport!” ~*~*~ Mount Starkiller had been on the horizon for two days already when they finally came over the hill at the opposite end of the vale. Han had never quite understood just how enormous the mountain was, or how majestically it’s surrounding, lower peaks towered above the landscape. And now, when Skye Castle was visible before him, nestled as it was among the high cliffs, he almost felt lightheaded trying to take in the proportions of it all – especially as they came closer and the castle, which had appeared so dwarfed by the mountain, rose above in all it’s splendour. Skye Castle, the Throne of the North, indeed. Finally, he understood how it had become so legendary; he could hardly believe that it had been built by mortal hands. The red and black banners waved proudly in the breeze, the simple – almost strict – elegance of the Hux clan’s banner the perfect contrast to the wild nature around it. So, this was Ben’s home now. He tried to picture him wandering around here, but it was difficult when all he could remember was the quiet, withdrawn, gangly boy he’d been all those years ago. Too tall, too thin – he never seemed able to put on any weight – with his big ears and long nose, and that awkward shuffling walk of his as he tried to make himself smaller, invisible. How did he look now? Before he could put too much thought into it all, the carriage entered the main courtyard, and the shrieks of thousands of furious birds rose above him before the whole world turned black as they swarmed the wagon, talons tearing and beaks stabbing at its walls and bars, trying to get to the man inside. He and Chewie had to throw themselves to the floor and huddle in the middle – trying to keep out of reach, but it was difficult for two men as tall as them in a space so small. Then they realized from the unpleasant smell rising from their clothing that the things hitting them from the barred openings in the roof was not rain but something much worse. From the sounds of surprised and agitated shouting coming from somewhere on the other side of all the birds, they gathered that the guards had not anticipated this situation, either. This was not how he had hoped to face his son again. ~*~*~ Hux and Phasma hurried out the large doors to the main building, coming to a dead halt on the stone stairs leading up to them as they took in the scene in front of them. There were black, white, and grey feathers everywhere, bird shit all over the flagstones, the guards, and the carriage – and they could hardly hear themselves think over the angry caws and shrieks. “What in the Gods’ names is going on here?” Hux shouted over the ruckus. “Who’s in that carriage?” One of the guards who’d escorted the prisoners cautiously approached his warchief. “The prisoners from the border, my lord,” he stammered, fiddling anxiously with the hem of his soiled cloak. “The ones the captain sent you the letter about…?” “What bloody letter? The hells are you talking about?” “W-we’re from the Green River garrison, my lord. Down by the south border, towards the Sigr clan’s territory.” He looked back at the carriage. “These two tried to cross without permission several times, until we apprehended them. They said it was a matter of life and death that they’d be allowed to speak to you, my lord. And, uhm, especially vital that they’d see master Ren. I’m sure the captain sent a bird here to warn you.” “They’re Southerners?” Phasma spat. “Why in the seven hells would you bring two Southerners here? Who are they? How do you know they’re not spies?” “W-we don’t, commander. B-but one of them, well… He says he’s master Ren’s father. Says something about a war. W-we didn’t want to take any risks, my lord.” He looked pleadingly at Hux. “Better safe than sorry, yes?” Hux nodded and dismissed him with a wave of his hand, carefully making his way down the steps and towards the carriage. His heart was beating away like a sledgehammer in his chest, mind reeling. Ren’s father? Here? Why? What could he possibly want from them? And why were the birds so obviously trying to murder him? Seeing a large, yellowy white form near the edge of the mass of feather clad bodies, he took a deep breath before yanking Eira away from it – holding her tight against his chest. She was clearly not pleased by this, as demonstrated by her angrily picking at him and trying her best to claw her way free. “Eira,” Hux tried to soothe her. “Eira, please stop this madness! Call them off!” She cawed defiantly, and Hux could have sworn he heard a small, female voice in his mind saying “He hurt master!” . Electing not to question it for the moment, he kept his firm grip on her. “Eira, I have to speak to these men. Call the Flock off, now! If they’ve hurt my Crow, you can trust that I will slay them both, but for now you must let them be!” Her intense glare reminded him rather painfully of said Crow when he was angry – how it could be possible for a man and a bird to be so similar he couldn’t say, but they were. Eventually, she gave a sour caw, and the Flock immediately scattered, landing on every available surface that was out of reach for the humans. Their eyes didn’t leave the carriage for a second, and their anger could still almost be felt through the air. Hux had never thought he’d see them react so strongly to something – especially without Ren here to point them in the direction of it. The guards wasted no time getting the two prisoners out, and what a sad sight they were; dishevelled, bleeding, and covered in bird shit. Hux only afforded himself a glance at them, before turning and walking slowly back up the stairs, giving a sharp order to have them both bathed and dressed in something clean before they brought them to the great hall. He needed a little time to prepare himself to look closer at the man who had sired his beloved Crow, and, sensing the anger and hurt emanating from the little body in his hold, he thought Eira might need it too. Whispering soothing praises to her and gently kissing her little head, he took her back to the hall and let her sit on his lap while she groomed her ruffled feathers. What a strange day this had turned into. He could only hope that strange for once did not mean bad. There had been enough pain at Skye Castle these last few weeks, and Hux found himself recalling Tarkin’s words about the Knights of Ren. About their power to warp the fabric of the world around them, about how chaos and destruction followed them like their own shadows, about how one could never know whether they would be the greatest blessing or the most terrible curse to befall a clan. The Knights were the true children of the Gods, forged by trials no mere mortal could ever understand – it would not be possible for them not to affect the world around them. But no matter what would come of all this, he could never consider Kylo Ren a curse. Not when he knew how much love this strange young man was capable of giving, how deeply he cherished every life he touched, despite the cruelty with which the world had treated him. ~*~*~ “Listen, girl,” the exasperated guard said, rubbing his eyes tiredly. “The border is closed. Do you understand? Closed. That means that you cannot cross it. We’ve got a plague running through the lands – why would you want to go where there’s a plague? You got a death wish or something?” Rey fixed him with the most pleading look she could muster, but he wasn’t having any of it – instead turning to Finn and Poe, who stood a step behind her. They didn’t seem to be buying the explanation about the plague, but it didn’t matter – they would not allow them to cross the border. “I don’t know who you people are, and I don’t care what you want – the border is closed. Now please take your little sister or wife, or whatever she is, and go back to where you came from. Attempt to cross our border and we will have no choice but to kill you.” “No no, no, please!” Rey begged. “Listen to me. Have two men come here before us? Tall men- uhm, or, well, average height here. One of them got grey hair and a scar on his chin, and the other is… uhm, very hairy, and can’t speak. Please, I need to know.” The guards looked at each other. They’d thought peace and quiet had been restored to the border when they sent those two buffoons up north two weeks before, but apparently they were wrong. One of the older guards eventually sighed and stepped up. “Go to the inn,” he said. “Stay there until we send someone for you. We’ll talk to the captain, and inform you of his decision.” He held up a hand to silence the cheer from the three youngsters. “We make no promises, and I cannot stress the importance of you staying on this side of the border enough. Do you hear me?” The Southern trio nodded enthusiastically and headed for the inn. The guard shared another look. “What in the seven hells is going on here?” one of them said, spitting at he ground in front of him. “Why do half the bloody South suddenly need to come talk to our Crow? Makes no sense at all, that.” “Who knows,” the older guard sighed. “Way I figure, it’s best not to meddle in the affairs of the Crows. Better leave it to those higher up the ranks who understand these things. Go tell the captain. The sooner he knows, the sooner we’re free of this whole mess. It’s got the wrong smell to it, I tell you. Something’s not right, and I’m not sure I wanna know what that is.” No one argued against that, and one of the younger ones headed off toward the main building to break the news to their captain that another group of Southern idiots were trying to cross the border to see the Crow. This was turning into one strange month, this was. ~*~*~ Northern style clothes were incredibly comfortable, Han realized as he and Chewie got dressed after their bath. They’d been taken to another house, a public bathhouse from the looks of it, given towels and strong lye soap to wash with, and provided with a new set of clothes. The old woman who’d taken them there had deemed their old ones beyond salvation, and sent someone to find something that didn’t reek of weeks’ worth of travels and bird waste. Chewie had changed into his with apparent relief, always having complained about how the fitting of Southern clothes just wasn’t quite right, and now Han could understand what he meant. The undergarments were soft, unbleached linen – a pair of short breeches and a long sleeved tunic – and the simple grey trousers were loose around the legs, tied together with strings at the waist, pooling slightly over the edges of the wrappings around their lower legs. The tunic, or jacket, he wasn’t quite sure which it was, was made from a thick, greyish blue wool, made to over-lap itself like a robe, and held together with a leather belt at the waist. It had elegant trimmings around the hems and collar – and the brooch Chewie helped him attach higher up on his chest, helping to keep the garment closed, was made from polished bronze. The warchief had obviously made sure they’d be dressed according to their standing. He did struggle a bit with the low cut boots they’d been given to wear – he wasn’t used to wearing shoes this soft and snug on the foot. “How in the seven hells do they manage anything in shoes like this?” he grumbled as Chewie helped him tie them up properly. The giant man smiled. “They don’t,” he signed. “This is casual wear. We wear different things for different times, just like in the South. Military boots are nothing like these, nor are the winter boots. Don’t worry, you’ll manage. Just be careful with the stairs – if the floor is wet, it can get slippery.” He looked thoughtful. “Also, try to avoid mud. That’s even more slippery, and it’ll get in the shoe.” The old woman appeared again, clearing her throat, and giving them a stern once over. After correcting the fit of Han’s tunic and Chewie’s brooch, she nodded for them to follow. As they crossed the courtyard once more, they tried to ignore the mix of curious and suspicious looks thrown their way from the Huxes. It really struck him, now, what a majestic people the Northerners were; he’d always thought Chewie was the largest man he’d ever seen, but here, he was just slightly above average. And they all carried themselves with this remarkably regal yet relaxed air, their bright colours in hair and eyes contrasting sharply against the dark greys and whites of the buildings around them. He couldn’t help but feel a tad nervous at the thought of facing these people on the battlefield. They made for one impressive sight, no doubt about that. Another thing he noticed was how clean and ordered everything was here. From what he’d previously been told, from emissaries, other travellers, and some from Chewie on the rare occasions he shared something about his life before, the Northerners were a savage bunch, living more or less in the muck and filth with their animals, their houses dark and smelly, their customs barbaric and brutal. Skye Castle threw those preconceived notions of his on end – because here everything was kept clean and neat, the space was light and airy, and everyone seemed occupied with various chores. He struggled to overcome his amazement that so many buildings, not just the main one, had glass windows – some of them even had coloured glass laid in with the ordinary kind. It was a far cry from anything he’d imagined. At the top of the stone steps leading into the main building, that didn’t seem to have a name of it’s own, stood that tall woman from earlier. Judging by her armour and the authority she radiated, she had to be an officer of the guard or something similar. Beside her stood a man, a Southerner by the looks of him, dressed in an elegant but simple teal coloured jacket and matching trousers. The older woman gave them a respectful nod, then left. The pale blonde woman studied them for a moment longer, making both of them shift uncomfortably under her stare. “I’m Phasma,” she said eventually. “Commander of the High Guard. This is Mitaka, the Warchief’s scribe and advisor. He will escort you to the Great Hall. Any trouble from either of you, and I will personally slay you. I will not tolerate any disrespect towards my warchief or clan. Do you understand?” “Yes, lady Phasma,” Han nodded, doing his best to sound polite. “We haven’t come here to cause trouble, I assure you.” She only snorted, before turning on her heel and disappearing back inside. The man, Mitaka motioned for them to follow him through the vast entrance hall. “You said you came here to speak to master Ren,” he said as they caught up and followed him. “I must warn you that the subject is a very sensitive one for lord Hux at the moment. These last weeks have been… trying, for all of us. I strongly advise you not to push his temper too far. It will not end well for you.” With that he opened the impressive set of double doors opposite from the exit, not giving Han or Chewie any time to ask what he meant by that. The Great Hall of Skye Castle was as impressive as the rest of it. The ceiling was high, Han was sure at least five men would have stand on each other shoulders to reach it, painted in the same white as the walls. Running along both sides of those walls, just below the ceiling, were large windows, and between them ran thick rafters, held up by support pillars in the same white stone as the outer walls. Benches and low tables were grouped around several large fireplaces also placed along the outer walls, keeping the large space warm and light. Large furs and rugs covered the floor, and at least a dozen giant hounds lazed about here and there, their soft snoring accompanying the faint crackle of the fire. But what really caught his eye was the huge red and black banner on the wall at the opposite end of the room, and the low dais below it – where a huge and intricately crafted and carved chair stood in lone majesty. A white fur, possibly from a bear, covered the high back and seat, and a white… was that a raven? Yes, a white raven was perched on top of it like a silent guardian to the man occupying the chair. It was the first time Han Solo laid eyes on Braith Hux, the Demon of the North, warchief of clan Hux – and he was in awe of the regal figure in front of him. Beside him, Chewie seemed to be in a similar state, and Han remembered that Chewie had never seen him before either. He was young, in his thirties maybe, with long and bright red hair kept in place by the simple red circlet he wore, and a short red beard. They noticed that his left arm was held in a sling around his neck, and that a walking stick leaned against the chair on his right side. But even with the apparent injuries, he emanated an aura of such natural command and power that Han felt taken aback by it. The green eyes sparkled with intelligence and suspicion in equal amounts as Mitaka lead them closer. This was the man Ben was bonded to? Han could only hope he treated his son kinder than his looks suggested. “So,” he said as they came to a stop in front of the dais. “You are the one who claims to be Kylo’s father.” Han nodded. The warchief looked thoroughly unimpressed. “There had better be a very good reason for you showing your face here. Kylo hates the mere mention of his past, and his birds are being held back from killing you only with my greatest effort, since, as they’ve made very clear to me, you have hurt their master.” He leaned forward a bit, fixing Han’s gaze with his own. “There is a death penalty in the North for harming a Crow, and we don’t care much if it happened in the past of present. So, for your sake, I hope whatever story you are about to present me with is good enough to merit me holding off your execution until my Crow comes back.” Han swallowed harshly. “C-comes back?” he asked, hating how pitiful it sounded. “He’s not here?” “The Crows were summoned to the House of Night,” Mitaka said quietly. “Master Ren left ten days ago. He is likely hundreds of miles away now.” “So, how’s it going to be, Southerner?” the warchief asked. “Will you explain yourselves, or should I just let the birds loose here and now and be done with it?” Han Solo had never been afraid of many things in his life, but that cold anger, the blood-thirst in those sharp green eyes… He willingly admit to himself that he most certainly feared those. Suddenly the epithet he’d been given by Southern travellers made perfect sense. This man considered them a threat to his Crow, and to a man loyal to the Gods of the First Order any threat made against a child of the Gods must never be allowed to live. They were in terrible danger if Han couldn’t convince him that he really needed to speak to Ben. This was not going to be easy. Notes: Phew, ok. It seriously felt like this chapter took forever to write. Anyway, let's start with a correction on a previous note of mine, regarding the time period of the clothes they wear in this fic. I think I said 1280's - 1350's before, but the fic had tis own idea, so now I'm going to have to expand it. The Northern folks have clothes from different points in time between the Viking era (~800-1100 AD), mainly their casual wear - and the 1350's to late 1480's/1490's when it comes to their nobility and their formal wear. Southerners range from 1360's-1520's, and around there, depending on the situation. So, fabric ranges from linen and wool, to brocade, silks, and velvets. Not using those short fop jackets, though. All jackets are knee length if not elsewise specified. I don't know if this makes a difference to anyone else, but my brain refused to let me leave it be. So, now you know^^ And whoa, the Crows are not feeling too good about it all, and there's plenty of tension all around among the ones from different, warring clans. Good thing they're all too busy being scared of Ren to dare start shit. The birds, on the other hand, obviously dared to start shit - quite literally, too. And yes, Eira was so angry she even managed to Force communicate with Hux. That one very angry raven, that. And I feel so sorry for the guards down by the border. Those guys are just so done. So done. Fecking Southerners. Hux and Han... Hm, this might get very interesting. Hux is in full on protective mode, and he - being a true Northerner - hates the Southerners already, so Han is really gonna have to work for that pardon. Because yes, Hux would kill him, happily, to keep Ren safe. Han is beginning to realize this. Your comments mean the world to me, so do take a moment to tell me what you think before you leave? Also, I'm going back to uni next week, so updates might be slower until the end of October when one of my courses ends - but fret not! Updates will carry on, albeit at a slower pace. :) Chapter 14 : A Tale of Two Fathers Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was high noon when the House of Night finally appeared in the small valley before them. The Crows – there had to be well around two hundreds of them by now, more and more of them having joined up alone the way – collectively paused to take in the sight. The House stood in lone majesty, a black colossus against the frozen tundra and sparsely spread gnarly little pine trees, its high walls a silent and ominous message to anyone who dared wander this far north to keep away. It seemed to drain the light from the surrounding landscape, and soon the long winter would set in, and there would be no light sans what the moon could offer for several months. Though they never really spoke about it, there wasn’t the Crow in the world who didn’t remember the first time they came over this ridge and laid eyes on their new home for the first time. It wasn’t a sight one would forget in a hurry, nor were the memories of what lead them all here. Ren had come here in the dead of winter, a pale moon struggling to shine through thick clouds, the snow deep around them as they rode along the barely visible road, and the few lights from the visible windows made the structure look like some mythological beast waiting to devour him. He’d clutched Eira closed to his chest under the ragged but warm cloak he’d been given, and he’d been exhausted, still aching all over from his injuries – his long, gangly limbs stiff and uncooperative. The one who had come for him, a strange, heavily tattooed man named Maul, had given up on trying to keep him in the saddle of his horse – and so he’d spent the last few days half hidden under both his own and Maul’s cloak, back against the compact blackness of the older Crow’s chest. As he looked out at the valley, he could remember it all so well – as if it happened just yesterday. He’d been wandering the woods for days, bleeding, starving – lost to the world around him, the small, broken body of a white raven hidden under his tunic. The only thing he knew, and he’d known it with a certainty he’d never felt before, was that he had to keep going north. Keep moving north, and they’d find him. He kept whispering to the little form in his arms; they were going to be found. Someone would find them. They’d be safe. They just had to hang on. They’d be saved. At the time his mind was too broken, too chaotic, too exhausted to ask himself who ‘they’ were, and so he simply kept moving until he had finally collapsed by the side of a small trail. He could still remember the gentleness of the hands that gathered him up and wrapped him in thick furs, the soothing softness of the deep voice that whispered assurances to him as he struggled weakly – so far gone in his delirious state that he couldn’t believe in the existence of anything but more enemies. But Maul was nothing if not experienced and patient, and he had given Ren all the space he needed during the first few days when travelling was simply out of the question. When they’d reached the house, Maul had continued to tend to both him and the bird until he was well enough to join the other hatchlings. When Ren struggled with his temper, with the discipline, with the nightmares and visions – all of the things his assigned teachers failed to handle, Maul was the one they sent for. He’d get Ren to saddle their horses, and take him out wandering until his mind settled again. Maul had a connection to the Force that few others could mimic or even understand, and it remained an eternal mystery to the Crows why he had never sought to become a Knight – preferring instead to wander about, to study the Force, to lead a reclusive life interrupted here and there by mentorship of new hatchlings. His quiet, serious presence had always been a blessing, and Ren looked forward to seeing his old mentor again. He could only hope they wouldn’t end up on different sides in whatever conflict would inevitably break out. Maul was perhaps the deadliest warrior he’d ever met, and he really did not want to have to go up against him should it come to that. Stealing a glance to the sides, he noticed that they were all waiting for him to move first – none of them wanting to cross this final distance between the ridge and the giant gates. Askr danced nervously under him, and he reached down to stroke his strong neck before straightening up and urging him into a gallop. There was no point in delaying this. The sooner they got inside, the sooner they would have answers. He wasn’t foolish enough to hope they’d bee good ones. The sound of the Crows’ horses galloping down through the valley towards the slowly opening gates rolled like thunder across the landscape, though there was no one sans the birds around to hear it. The nearest village was miles away. Up here there was only silence, interrupted by the discordant songs of the Mother-flock. As Kylo rode through the gates, Askr’s hooves clattering loudly against the cobble stones of the central courtyard, he wanted nothing more than to turn around and ride for all he was worth back down south – back to Hux. But the gates closed behind him with a sound that echoed inside him, the sound of something final. Now, all he could do was to bury his newfound self behind the equally awe-inspiring and terrifying creature that was Kylo Ren, master of the Knights of Ren – the one true follower. The board was set, the gods had cast their dice, and now their children would have to play their parts. ~*~*~ Han and Hux’ talk had been interrupted by some important matter regarding one of his many vassal clans, and so Han and Chewie had found themselves escorted to a room by the gentle natured scribe. He had apologized for the warchief’s busy schedule, assuring them it was probably a good thing during the present circumstances to let Hux have proper time to process Han’s presence in the castle. Han had asked what he meant by that, and Mitaka had given them this look – this very stern and proud look, that was remarkably fierce in such a soft face – and informed them that master Ren was, apart from his children, lord Hux’ most precious person. The lengths to which he would go to protect his Crow were endless. Han was walking a thin line here, he had to understand this, because not only was the Crow lord Hux’ spiritual advisor and high priest, he was his lover and life partner. Hux did not take kindly to anything that could threaten his happiness or well-being, and therefore it would be a good idea for Han to proceed with the utmost caution. The warchief had the laws on his side, an entire clan who all loved and would go through all the seven hells for their Crow – Han had nothing. The room was on the ground level, a short distance down a corridor that seemed to be intended to house visitors, and while the furnishing wasn’t overly lavish it was all very comfortable and obviously made from the highest quality materials. A look out the window informed him that they were next to a small garden that apparently belonged to the castle’s kitchen – a few younglings in aprons deftly picking herbs and root vegetables from the neatly ordered rows covering the space between the two wings of the building. If there was ever a thing that looked the same all over the world, it was the kitchens and their workers – always the same quick movements, reddened skin from working long hours in high temperatures, and the ever present fear of being yelled at in the postures of the young helpers. They’d been everything they could possibly need in terms of clothing and comfort – a sign that, at least for the time being, the warchief considered them guests rather than enemies. But both Han and Chewie had been around for long enough to know better than to count on this good grace to last. They’d have to tread carefully here – an extended stay in the prison cells was not something either of them really wished to experience. Having allowed themselves to rest a bit after the eventful day, they were woken up at sundown by a servant bringing them their dinner, and informing them that the warchief wished to see them after they’d finished. Their meal consisted of some sort of meat stew with carrots and other root vegetables, smoking hot and smelling absolutely delectable from the different herbs and spices it contained. They were given a large, round bread to drip in the thick gravy, and a generous tankard of ale to help them swallow it all down. Chewie went at the food with apparent delight, and Han couldn’t fault him – it was the best meal he’d had since they left the South. The ale had a fruity hint to it, apples, Chewie guessed, and though they could feel the burn of the alcohol it was remarkably light. The servant returned to escort them through the long corridors and up one flight of stairs to where lord Hux would see them. It surprised them both when they stepped in through the massive oak door that they’d been invited to have this conversation in the warchief’s own quarters. Hux himself sat in one of several large, stuffed chairs placed in a half circle around a beautifully built fireplace. On a low table in front of him was a carafe of wine and three glasses. The white raven they’d seen earlier was glaring brutal death at them from what looked like a nest made from a shawl placed on the window seat. Hux motioned for them to sit down, and poured them a glass each of the deep red wine. “So,” he said as he casually sipped his glass. “Have you thought out a reason why I should let you two live yet?” Han swallowed. He had a reason – the question was whether or not it was good enough for the man in front of him. Hux’ green eyes were even more piercing and harsh up close, and he had a distinct feeling that even in this injured state Hux could still do significant damage should he think it necessary. “I’m not going to lie, lord Hux,” he said, rubbing his neck awkwardly. “I wasn’t the father I should have been to Ben- I mean, Kylo, and I doubt he thinks too fondly of me – but I need to speak to him. Warn him. There are things happening in the South that will affect him very badly if they reach him. He is in danger, lord Hux. Very grave danger, and I want to help him.” “What danger?” Hux asked. “And why now?” “How much has he told you about his life before he became a Crow?” “Not much,” Hux admitted. “And I haven’t asked, because it’s obvious to anyone with eyes to see with that it’s a subject that is indescribably painful to him. Trust me when I say this, Solo, Kylo has had enough pain to last three lifetimes. I refuse to be the one to cause more of it, and I have taken a sacred vow to kill anyone who does.” He said it with such fierceness that Han was taken aback for a moment. “You love him!” he blurted out. “You really do love him, don’t you?” Hux snorted. “I thought that much was obvious,” he retorted. “He is everything to me. And you are avoiding my questions.” “I don’t know where to start, really,” Han said, apologetically. “It’s a long and ugly story.” “The beginning would be preferable. You’re his father, as you have stated several times now. Who is his mother, then? I take it she’s not a commoner, or she wouldn’t be able to be involved in any situation that would merit your journey here to warn your estranged son about the threat to his safety. Who is she?” Han swallowed hard, before taking a large gulp of wine to steady himself. Hux watched his every move with those eerie, sharp eyes of his. “Your Kylo Ren,” Han began. “Was born a bastard. His name is Benyamin Solo. His mother’s name is Leia Organa, Queen of D’Qar.” Hux’ face gave away nothing of his thoughts about that revelation, and Han continued. “We could never marry, obviously, so to protect her reputation we hid her pregnancy as much as we could, and listed him as my bastard. The birth records aren’t public – and he’s registered as born in Corellia, not D’Qar – so it was easy to keep his mother’s identity a secret. ” He took another sip of wine, smaller this time because it was actually rather strong. “At first it was easy to pretend I’d just brought him with me to the palace from wherever his imaginary mother lived. I’ve always moved around a lot, so no one questioned it. But as Ben- Kylo, got older, we knew it would become apparent to everyone that he was, in fact, Leia’s bastard, too. He looked so much like us both, and what was worse… what was a lot worse, was the fact that he started displaying the Force unusually early – just like his uncle, Leia’s brother. The difference between them was that Ben’s, what do you call it, Force manifestations happened very often when he got angry during his training sessions. And he had these awful nightmares all the time, something about someone speaking in his head at night. So, uhm, Leia decided that any hopes we had of him one day taking the throne were gone, and he had to go join the Doves so he could learn to control his powers.” Han drew a shaky breath, the memory still raw in his mind. “He was only six winters old, and he was so small, so frightened of everything – and we told him this was for the better. That he needed this so he wouldn’t hurt himself or someone else. And then we let them take him away from us. They had to forcefully pry him away from my cloak, because he wouldn’t let go.” “Did you see him again at all after that?” Hux asked. Han could hear very clearly that he was anything but impressed by their way of handling their son. “I am not very familiar with the internal structures of the order of Doves, but I can’t imagine he was very happy with his situation.” Han shook his head, and even Chewie looked mournful for a moment. “No, he was miserable,” Han admitted. “Said he didn’t fit in, didn’t have any friends, and we just thought it was him, you know, being unused to sharing the attention with other children. We only got to see him once, maybe twice, a year. The Doves aren’t supposed to form attachments, so for him to see us at all was very close to breaking the rules as it was. It was only because of Luke, his uncle, that we got away with it. But after a few years, he stopped asking to come home. We thought it had gotten better.” He gave a bitter chuckle. “Oh, how wrong we were. He just kept withdrawing into himself, avoiding the company of others, becoming quiet… Like he was trying to make himself smaller, or even invisible. But Luke told us he had these fits of rage sometimes. These horrible destructive fits, that had the older Doves put him in solitary confinement for days, sometimes weeks, because he was a danger to both himself and the others.” “Solitary confinement?” Hux questioned, eyes narrowing dangerously. “And what, pray tell, does that entail, exactly?” “I’m… I’m not sure, but from what I understood when Luke told me, it was some form of cell, with a small window, and no things in it sans his mattress and blankets. Those in solitary are supposed to spend the time praying and meditating, to center themselves again and be forgiven for their failures by the God of Mornings.” “And you wonder why he was miserable?” The distaste was practically oozing from Hux’ words. “That you would subject your own child to this… As a father myself, it baffles me, truly. And you Southerners think me a monster? Please .” “Well, uhm, things carried on in much the same manner for a few years. I was travelling a lot, and Leia was busy ruling the kingdom, so we didn’t see him much for the last three years or so. We thought he’d be alright. But then when he was fifteen, something terrible happened. Have you by any chance heard of the massacre of the children at the House of Mornings?” “I sincerely doubt there’s a single person in any of the Northern courts that has not heard of it.” Han nodded grimly. “It was him. Kylo. He’s the one who killed them all. We- We still don’t know why he did it. One day he just locked himself in there with them, and when he emerged again, he was soaked in blood and they were all dead. He… He didn’t even try to resist when they arrested him. Apparently, he just came out into the courtyard and sank to his knees – just waiting for them to take him into custody. Luke… Uhm, Luke said that he didn’t even-” Han had to pause again. He’d never really talked about this with someone who wasn’t there. Truth to be told, he’d never really spoken about it at all. “That he didn’t even look like himself. His eyes had this emptiness to them, like he wasn’t even present in his own body. He didn’t resist, didn’t say anything, didn’t so much as blink.” “I assume he was given a trial?” “Of course!” “Did you even go to see him when he was imprisoned?” “No.” Han hung his head – the shame was eating away at him, even more than usual, under that venomous gaze. “Leia forbid it. Said we could not afford to show any sort of friendliness or, God forbid, any affection for an accused child-murderer. I didn’t see him until the day of his execution. When he… He broke out of his chains, killed his executioners. He just tore them apart like they were made of parchment instead of flesh. I had never seen anyone do that with the Force before – I didn’t even think it was possible. But he did it. There was this moment, this horrible moment when time seemed to stop, and he looked at me, and he looked so lost. Then he just ran. Leia sent hunters out after him. They tracked him for days – he always was a very fast runner – and in the end, only one returned. He was covered in blood, I remember the stench of it, and he said they’d managed to kill him. Burned and buried him on the spot, like they were ordered to. We… He was the finest hunter at Leia’s court – we had no reason to doubt his words. And… well, we thought he was dead, and I mourned him, lord Hux. I’ve mourned the loss of him every day for eleven long years! Then, this summer Luke came back from a journey northover, and told us of this Crow that looked exactly like Ben. Like Ben would look if he’d lived. It shook Leia to the core to learn this – because if he is alive, that means he is first in line to the throne of D’Qar. And we, uhm, we have a daughter, Rey, who’s been raised to take over after Leia already. It’s a political nightmare. Rey’s adopted, Ben is blood – and blood has precedence over adopted children according to our laws. Leia is a devout follower of the God of Mornings – for her to give the throne to a servant of the Old Gods… It’s unthinkable.” “So she sent you to find out the truth?” Hux’ voice had taken on a coldness that made Han’s hair stand on end. “And what exactly did she want you to do when you found him, hm? Kill him?” “Yes.” Han forced himself to meet Hux’ gaze. “But I won’t do it. I can’t . For eleven years I’ve lived with the guilt of having let my own child be killed, I refuse to do it again. He is my only child, lord Hux. All I want is to be able to see him speak to him. See the man he’s become. I need to know what happened to him that day – why he did what he did. I need… I just need my son. You said you’re a father yourself. Surely you can understand that?” “That, I will admit, is so far the only part of your story or actions I can understand,” Hux retorted. “Because the rest of it merits execution ten times over – and that is if I’m feeling lenient. No wonder Kylo can’t stand the thought of anyone mentioning his past, if this is how he grew up!” He gave an irritated sigh, trying to rein his temper back in. “And for the Gods’ sake, what is your friend trying to say with all that waving?” Chewie repeated his signs, and Han nodded in understanding before translating. “Chewie can’t speak with his mouth,” he explained. “So he signs instead. He says you don’t seem all that shocked about what Kylo did to the youngsters. He wants to know why that is.” Hux huffed, then got out of his chair, pacing the room like some animal in a cage. He went over to the window, looking out over the darkening lands outside for a moment – as if to collect himself – before answering. “I threw my father over the parapet,” he said with a shrug. “I’ve killed two of my cousins, and the Gods alone know how many more people in my days. We’re a harsh breed, Solo, and I have no right, nor indeed any desire, to make any moral judgments against him.” He glanced over at them, seeming to gauge their state of mind. “Besides, I have seen more of his mind during our time together than you ever did. You paint him out like some evil demon, and I can assure you that he is not. Far from it.” He sighed, pain flashing across his face, then carefully concealed again. “You have to understand this, Solo; my Crow is not your son. That boy is long gone. But Kylo lives every second of his life haunted by what was done to him. Kylo is a Crow, through and through. He is brilliant, strong, immensely powerful, and wise far beyond his years. He is the strongest warrior I have ever had the honour to fight alongside, and his ability to wield the Force is unparalleled in the North. But he is also perhaps the single most damaged and frail soul I’ve ever met – he is utterly incapable of considering himself worthy of anything, especially not my affection or devotion. He doesn’t doubt my love for him, but he doesn’t understand how I can feel that way about him. As for the voice in his head, I do have my suspicions about what that was – but that, I’m afraid will have to wait for another day. If I have to look at you for much longer, I am going to murder you both, and I’m far too tired to deal with the cleaning up of two corpses of your size tonight.” He walked over and opened the door, indicating that their meeting was over. Han and Chewie wasted no time getting to their feet and leaving the warchief to his thoughts. They were both more than a little tired and shaken by this encounter, and they needed to process this whole confounded situation in the peace of their assigned quarters. The warchief was an enigma in his own right, this surface eerie coldness that only just seemed to conceal an ever present maelstrom of violence, fire and rage. It was like being caught in the path of a raging forest fire; fascinating, awe inspiring, and utterly terrifying. Hux clearly cared very little about showing mercy to those who in any way wronged him or those he considered his. Men like him were dangerous – Han knew that. It was men like him, with minds sharp as a sword’s edge and hide thick as a dragon’s scales, that would raze empires to the ground if they saw it fit. If Leia went up against this man, even with the entirety of the armies of D’Qar and it’s colonies, she would bring death and ruin to her people – because Hux wouldn’t consider this war as much as vengeance. And vengeance, for men like him, did not allow for mercies like rules and limits. It allowed only for the complete and utter annihilation of anyone and everyone who shared in the guilt. And so Han was faced with a new problem. Somehow, he had to make sure this war never happened. Because if it did, Braith Hux and his Northerners would tear the world apart, and they would all be facing the choice of surrender or death. He had to warn Leia off this, somehow. It wasn’t worth the price. Nothing was worth that price. ~*~*~ Once he was alone, Hux gently put Eira on his shoulder and began the slow ascent up the stairs to the Crow’s tower. His leg was getting better by the day; soon he’d be rid of the cane too. The wounds were healing spectacularly well, only thin lines now, and getting smaller with each progressing day. The only injury still bothering him was his arm – and he was glad that at least it wasn’t his sword-arm that had been affected. The fireplace in the bedroom had been lit, and as per his request, the sheets and blankets had not been changed since Kylo’s departure. Perhaps it was sentimental of him, to refuse it simply because he wished to sink into Kylo’s scent, wrap it around himself like armour to keep all his fears and loneliness at bay until they could reunite, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. The longing was heavy and sharp in his chest, a searing, clawing thing, like a demon curled up under his ribs, eating away at his heart – and for all his worldly might, he was still powerless against this. Learning just how lonely and neglected childhood Kylo had endured – how much he had suffered and despaired – had affected him more deeply than he’d thought it would. He’d felt the swirls on the surface of Kylo’s mind through their bond, and he’d almost fallen to his knees from the force of it – to learn just how much deeper it all ran had felt like a thousand daggers through his heart and soul. Who would lock a child in a cell for weeks without contact with another living being instead of trying to understand what was happening to him? The son of a queen? He couldn’t understand it. Mara had gone through a phase when she was around six when she had been an absolute nightmare – disobedient, aggressive, cruel, obstinate and disrespectful. Even Caélin had avoided her, lest he be the primary target of her anger. They called Hux a monster, but at least he had sat down with her, asked her what in the world was going on with her, and let her tell him to the best of her own ability. She missed her mother – or, rather, she missed the thought of having a mother. Her envy towards the other children, towards anyone whose mother was still there, still breathing, had completely consumed her, and she lashed out at the women of the clan who tried to teach her. She did it as a frustrated, desperate protest against the thought of someone else taking that mother’s place. Once they’d worked that out, they had been able to help her – there had never been a problem with any behaviour of hers since. To do what Kylo’s parents and uncle had done to him, simply because he was different… That , he thought, was monstrous. So Kylo had slaughtered those children? The thought disturbed him some, he could admit as much to himself – but there were so many factors around it that made him very reluctant to blame him. He’d seen first hand how precious children were to his Crow – how excruciating it was for him when they were in pain, or when he failed to save them. When he’d brought new children into the world, he’d smiled as if they were his own as he held them close to him for their first moments – whispering the ancient blessings and protective spells, to make sure the Gods would care for them the same as they cared for the rest of his people. It was impossible to reconcile this with the image of the Dove-killer – the monster who had attempted to wipe out the order from within. And he had only been fifteen years old, for pity’s sake! He hadn’t even defended himself, and still they went merrily along and condemned him to death? No, it wasn’t right. Not at all. And Hux couldn’t help but think he knew just who that voice had been, whose slimy presence had been polluting Kylo’s mind and sent him down a path far away from any chance at redemption or second chances. It scared him more than anything had ever done before to know that right in this very moment Kylo was, if not already there, but at least on his way to that vile creature’s lair. There was not a night now, in this crushing, loud silence, of his empty tower that wasn’t spent praying to each and every God and Goddess in turn to have mercy, to let Kylo come back a whole man. Hux, having always been a loyal and devout follower, trusted in his Gods, but still could not rid himself of the fear – the crippling, suffocating fear – of never having his Crow back in his arms again. If Kylo came back broken, Hux would tear the world apart as punishment for how it had treated him. He would show them all just how far he would go to protect this frail, complex, brilliant young man that had so completely changed his life. They would all learn the price of harming those who belonged to Braith Hux, and he would not stop until they had all paid it. With that last vow on his lips, he succumbed to another night of fitful, broken sleep – Kylo’s scent lingering like the memory of summers long past in the air around him. Notes: Heh, so this chapter turned a little heavy. Apologies for the lack of Rey/Finn/Poe and more Kylo in this chapter, but I decided it would be a bit too much. Also, we seem to have a Maul with us in the fic now, too. He may come off as a bit ooc, but I'm not overly concerned with that, tbh. Haven't watched TPM in literal years, so I'm working with my sketchy memory of how I felt about his character back then. So yeah, if there's ooc'ness on his part - just ignore it, please. He's a cool guy, let's keep it there^^ This chapter is also the reason for the tags Protective Hux & Hux will kill you if you touch his Ren. Because, yes. He will. Han is realizing this very quickly, and knows that if he doesn't find a way to defuse this whole situation, there's be a war like nothing they've ever seen. I'll get started on the next installment tomorrow, so hopefully it won't be too long before you have another update! :) Until next time, my lovelies! Chapter 15 : Of Knights, Princesses, and Politics Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ren was glad to find that he at least did not have to stay in the dungeons anymore now. His Knights had finally been given rooms in the Centre Nest, the building around which the entire complex was built, and where the Hall of Visions, the great hall, and the council room were located. By tradition, the Knights of Ren had their quarters in the high Eastern Tower, with its winding and seemingly never-ending staircase, and the single floor at the top of it where the Knights could go about their tasks undisturbed by the ordinary Crows. During a rare thunder storm, lightning had struck the tower, causing a fire to break out, and it had been undergoing major renovations for well over two years – the Crows were nothing if not meticulous, and the Tower was important. Moving through the masses of reverently bowed heads and curious yet intimidated hatchlings, Ren made sure to put on his most regal and authoritarian display. It helped with his anxiety, to see the way they all melted out of the way for him, seemingly afraid to even get in the way of the hems of his sweeping cloak. He knew he looked majestic, with his height and expensive garments – the silver brooch holding his cloak together glistened like a star from the compact black fur around it – and he made use of it. The Master of the Knights of Ren was in some ways even superior to the Elders, second only to the Raven – it was very good armour. If they did not dare come too close, then they could not see any of his weaknesses. When he’d finally made it past all the other Crows and closed the doors to the tower behind him, he let out a sigh of relief before removing his helmet and beginning his climb up the stairs. Fifty-five steps, steep and narrow, and bare walls painted white to help whatever light that managed to shine through the small apertures illuminate the space. Ren counted every one silently to himself, glad he was already used to climbing stairs on a daily basis, or this could have been very bothering after a while. The Knights’ living quarters was a large, open and octagonal space, with each of their beds placed in alcoves around the walls, and a massive fireplace taking up the eighth wall. A few comfortable chairs and recliners were placed around it, and bookshelves and working tables took up the space between the beds. Thick rugs and furs of the local white bears covered the stone floor, and a large round table sat in the middle under a heavy iron chandelier. In front of both beds and the windows hung thick drapes, a deep red colour, embroidered with various floral and animal related patterns, which along with the dark rugs on the floor helped give the room a warm and homely feel. As he sat down on his own bed, the one on the opposite side of the fireplace from the stairs he’d just climbed, he looked around the room, letting himself be calmed by the familiar sight of his Knights’ sleeping spaces. Silass obviously owned the bed next to his, if the pile of books and robes on the floor was anything to go by. Then it was probably Avi’s bed next – the drapes to their bed closed and a note to ‘stay away’ pinned to them, and Ren couldn’t help but chuckle at the youngest Knight’s blunt way of asserting their privacy. The bed next in line after Avi’s had to be Gaius’ – he was taller than even Ren, and almost every single bed they’d ever slept in was usually too small for him. The way the drape was pulled away slightly from one end of the bed to allow room for his feet to stick out was such a nostalgic, endearing feeling it made Ren’s heart ache a little. Vilya and Erris’ alcoves were identically and neatly organized, drapes pulled open, and beds properly made – there was no mistaking the twins’ mark on their surroundings; both of them were near compulsive in their need for order and cleanliness. And closest to the stairs was Chava’s bed. It was, unsurprisingly, a complete mess. The sheets, furs, and pillows occupied more of the floor than the actual bed. Her sleep shirt was flung over the rod holding the drapes up, and there were books and little trinkets and things thrown about everywhere. At least now, Ren mused, they wouldn’t have to risk stepping on any of it when they had to leave the room. In the distance, voices could be heard, followed by thundering footsteps, and then they were all there – six pairs of arms encircling him, and the loneliness festering in his heart lessened its grip some. It felt so good to know that they had missed him, their excited cheers of ‘welcome back, master!’ seemed to warm him up almost as much as the fireplace did. Managing to calm them down some, he took his time to greet them properly – forehead against forehead – letting the Force brush gently against their minds in a soothing, caring gesture. Their master was home now, it said, their master was with them again – at least for a while. “We missed you, brother,” Avi sighed as they curled up on the floor next to him, resting their head in his lap. Ren stroked their perpetually tangled blonde hair, causing Avi to give delighted little noises. “I’m so glad you’re here again.” “I’ve missed you too, my little sibling,” Ren smiled. “I’ve missed all of you.” Silass sat down next to him, a slender hand on his shoulder as she stroked Avi’s cheek with the other. “You must’ve ridden hard to get here so soon,” she said. “I hope you didn’t exhaust yourself or Askr.” “Askr was as anxious as I was to avoid any delays,” Ren said. “As for me…” He sighed. “I’m very tired, but for other reasons than travel.” “Your warchief,” Vilya nodded, playing with a corner of her cowl. “We’ve felt your love for him through the Force. He must be a good man, but-” “-a little while ago,” Erris continued, staying his sister’s hands before she managed to destroy the fabric. “We felt fear. You worried for him.” “Now, now,” Gaius interrupted, noticing the pain flashing across Ren’s face. “Master Kylo only just arrived back. He’s tired and worn out – let him at least settle before you start asking him these things!” “Thank you, brother,” Ren smiled. “But how many times must I remind you all to call me ‘brother’? Avi’s the only one who’s listened, it seems. And yes, there’ll be plenty of time for questions yet, but for now I just want to enjoy having you all by my side again. We’ll need our bond strong for the days to come.” “I sent for some food,” Chava said, ever the practical one. “We’ll eat first, and catch up after that. By the Gods, and with all due respect, you’re a mess. When was the last time you ate?” “Yesterday,” Ren admitted, running a hand over his face tiredly. “This morning was… difficult.” Chava nodded in understanding, her dark eyes shining with that fierce compassion she only ever displayed to them. “We’re here now, my dear brother,” she smiled. “We’re with you. Don’t worry.” ~*~*~ That morning, Hux declared himself recovered enough to leave the cane behind, and informed Phasma over breakfast that he intended to start training again soon. If she doubted his readiness she didn’t show it, instead she nodded and promised to make time for them in the training hall. It was too cold for sparring outside now, and it was unnecessary to irritate his healing body further by forcing his muscles into action in such cold weather. And it certainly had begun to be very cold now – each day coming in with more frost covering the ground, and fewer hours of warmth in the air around the castle. As far north as Skye Castle was located, the autumns were short and the winters always came quick and harsh – soon the frost would simply cease to melt under the sun, and from there it was never very long until the first flakes of snow would come dancing down from the sky above them. Already, Hux and the members of his court were bringing out the thicker woollen jackets and tunics, replacing the lighter footwear for the higher and sturdier winter boots. The servants were bringing out the tall braziers, to place them in strategic positions all around the castle to ensure that the cold would not creep in through the thick stonewalls, and changing drapes and curtains to heavier materials to further insulate the rooms against the brutal climate. When he came down to the Great Hall, comfortably dressed in his favourite dark blue jacket with fur trimmings around its neck, sleeves and bottom hem, and his hair pulled back into a loose braid at his neck, he felt slightly more content than he had since Kylo left. He’d awoken with a feeling of safety, familiarity, and he guessed it meant that Kylo had arrived safely at the House. It was a very reassuring feeling, allowing him to let go of some of the tension that had built up over the past weeks. Kylo was safe for now, and that was all that mattered. There was a messenger waiting for him, a crow perched on her arm. It had a letter secured to its body, and was looking at him expectantly. The little ring around its left foot indicated it had come from a garrison down at the Southern border – the same garrison from whence Han Solo had been sent to the castle. This was strange. Maybe this was the bird that guard had been talking about – the one they’d supposedly sent to inform him of the man’s impending arrival. But it made no sense for it to look so pleased with itself, then. The birds never did when they were late, or when they’d lost their messages. If anything, they were small embodiments of shame and guilt that needed huge amounts of comforting before they would be sent back to their posts. This one looked smug, like it had delivered faster than usual, and Hux – of course – humoured it by scratching it gently on the chest before removing the letter. With a short order to the messenger to make sure it was given proper treats while he read the contents of the letter, he made his way to his throne and took a seat. The message from the captain of the garrison was short, to the point, and somewhat exasperated. There was another trio of Southern idiots at the garrison, demanding permission to come see the Crow. A girl, or a very young woman, two slightly older men – nobility, from the looks of them. Were they allowed to let them pass, or should they send them back south again? They had been meaning to send a bird last time, but for some reason this had not been done, and the captain took full responsibility. More Southerners? What in the Gods names was going on here? Hux sighed deeply – he was decidedly not in the mood for this, but alas, it was his duty. He handed the letter over to Mitaka, who had just entered the hall. The scribe quickly read the message and looked at Hux’ tired face. “What should I write, my lord?” he asked. “It’s only three of them, and with winter coming, it will be a dangerous journey back South. The passes will be starting to freeze now, and if the snow starts falling, they might get caught in an avalanche down in clan Vyris’ land. If they are nobility, that would be very serious.” Hux nodded. “Tell them to send them up here – with guards,” he said. “I don’t like the smell of all this, but for now it seems we have no choice. Just tell them not to let them out of their sight. We know better than to trust the good intentions of Southerners – even if they are younglings.” Mitaka nodded and got to work. It was one of many things Hux really appreciated with him – his efficiency. Mitaka had a brilliant mind, and made sure to use it well. Even though he wasn’t a warrior, Hux considered him one of the finest men in the clan. It didn’t take long for Mitaka to finish the message and send the crow back to the border, and just as the messenger exited the great hall, Han and Chewie entered it. The two Southerners approached his chair cautiously, as if they expected him to lash out at them at the blink of an eye. Oh, Hux was tempted, certainly – try as he may, he did not have much good to say either to or about them, and he was glad that they seemed to understand that too. Hux motioned for them to take a seat on one of the benches in front of the fireplace closest to the dais, and sat down on the bench next to them. They were quiet for a while, Hux trying to gather his thoughts and wrap a tight leash around his emotions, while Han and Chewie seemed unwilling to speak before being spoken to – something which Hux appreciated. He knew not all Southern folk understood that the warchiefs were the Northern equivalent of kings and queens, and therefore often failed spectacularly to conduct themselves appropriately – something they would usually learn in the most painful way. The Northern rulers had no patience for impertinence, and they tended to make certain that it was made abundantly clear. In a land as harsh as theirs, there was little room for softness and forgiveness – it was simply the way it was. Some servants arrived with three goblets of mulled wine for them, along with a low table and a plate of nuts and dried fruit. Hux nodded in thanks, and exhaled slowly before glancing at his guests. “I just received a message,” he said, watching their expressions closely. “Apparently, a young woman, accompanied by two men, have arrived at our South border – to the very same garrison from whence you were sent up here. They, too, are claiming a very dire need to speak to my Crow. Would you happen to know anything about this? If so, it’s in your best interest to speak up now, and be honest. I don’t trust you Southerners, and I’d rather not have any uncomfortable surprises when they arrive here.” Han’s eyebrows had shot straight up and he looked about ready to fall off the bench, and Chewie had choked on the wine he was drinking, causing him to cough and sputter. Hux patiently waited for them to collect themselves, lips pursed as he gauged their reactions. They seemed genuine enough, but Hux knew better than to trust anything at first glance. “I hope to the Gods that it isn’t who I think it is,” Han croaked. “But if it is, then you have little to fear, lord Hux.” “Oh, how so?” Hux did not bother to hide his distrust in the slightest. “Who exactly do you believe it is?” “My daughter, Rey.” Han still looked like he could no more believe this news than Hux had. “She is only eighteen winters old, a gentle soul – very kind, a little naïve, but a good person.” “Your daughter Rey, as in the heir to the throne of D’Qar? Crown Princess Rey of house Organa?” Han nodded sheepishly. “She took the news about Be- Kylo’s existence and fate very badly. She, uhm, she was practically inconsolable for days, and she refused to speak to either me or her mother. I guess I should have known she might try something like this.” Hux could practically feel his inner temperature rising steadily, anger slowly bubbling towards the surface, and he bit the inside of his cheek to keep himself from simply smacking the man across the face. While it seemed fairly believable that Han was as unprepared for this as he was, Hux admitted to himself that he was more than happy to take every last little inch of anger he’d built up over the last weeks out on this- this utter buffoon of a royal lover that had caused so much grief already. This was bad – really bad. The Crown Princess of one of the most powerful Core Kingdoms, with no proper escort, in his castle. Wars had been declared over less than this, and if there was one thing the North knew of queen Leia, it was that she craved war like others craved wealth or food. This could be all the excuse she needed to march north and force them all into battle much too soon. It would end in disaster, he knew it. While he also knew his warriors, and knew that they could probably still walk away victorious, the costs would be far too high – it would take them years to recover, and during that time they would be weakened. He had to find a way out of the situation, and he knew one way that might work – unless it was already far too late. “When that girl of yours arrive here,” he said sternly. “She and her little… friends, will be given a few days of rest – same as you, and then I am shipping her back South again. I don’t care why she’s here, how good intentions she has – her presence here puts my entire people at risk of an invasion from that woman of yours. I expect you to make sure she obeys. I don’t have the time nor the patience to cater to the whims of children.” Han paled, but nodded. “I’ll try.” “Try?” Hux snarled. “I’m afraid that’s not good enough, Solo. Not even remotely good enough. You will see to it that she steps aboard that ship without any protests, or we will have a problem. She presents a danger to my entire people, and I will not hesitate to sail her back down south in chains if I have to. She cannot stay here, and that is final.” ~*~*~ Ren woke up some time after dawn, feeling a little disorientated, but more rested than he’d been in weeks. Silass had more or less force fed him one of her strongest sleeping potions the night before – one that came with a guarantee of dreamless sleep – and Ren had, for once, not had the energy to put up even a fake protest. He did not want to face another night of fragmented visions, memories, and nightmares. He couldn’t , not without Braith there to help him though it – and Silass was right, he’d need to be rested and at full strength when whatever hell this turned out to be inevitably broke loose. As soon as he moved slightly, trying to turn over on his side, he became aware of a small but solid source of warmth next to him, coiling around him like some giant leech. Looking down, Avi’s small, lanky form was wrapped around his midsection – still sleeping, and drooling a little on Ren’s tunic. Smiling despite himself, Ren gently dislodged his sleeping sibling from himself and chuckled when they immediately curled right up against his side, a small hand gripping his tunic so tightly their knuckles whitened. How could he have forgotten about this? Avi detested sleeping alone, and only did so when no one else would allow them to share their bed – and more than anything they loved curling up next to either Ren or Gaius for warmth. Their two older brothers pretended they minded, but in reality Avi could get away with a lot worse things than seeking warmth and security – being the baby of the bunch did come with a lot of advantages, even though none of the Knights would admit to it even under torture. It was easy to underestimate Avi, and many people did, because of their youthful appearance and childlike personality – but it was a mistake people would often soon regret. Avi was a Knight for a reason – their ability to access the most primal and chaotic sources of the Force was second only to Ren’s own, and they could most likely beat any one of clan Hux’ warriors with ease. Most often though, they preferred not to. Avi had a talent for strategy, and Ren had never had reason to worry about any plan that had come from his strange little sibling’s mind. Managing somehow to extract himself from the little nest of blankets and furs, Ren pulled the drapes apart and got out of the bed. Silass was the only one present still, sitting at the table and combing her long black hair before pulling it into a tight braid. He usually sharp features softened as she smiled at him when he slowly got in his trousers. “You’ve gotten lazy about covering up,” she said, a teasing glint in her eyes. “I am absolutely scandalized, brother, that I could see your naked legs!” Ren raised a brow, but chuckled as he pulled his outer robes on, making sure he was properly covered before wrapping his broad belt around his waist and putting his boots on. “Did you know, dear sister, that it is custom in my clan to sleep naked?” he said. “You just be glad I remembered to keep my tunic on last night.” It was so good to hear her laugh. Silass had a sense of humour as dry and sharp as a dagger’s edge, but making her even chuckle was quite the accomplishment. He had a feeling none of them would be doing much laughing in the weeks to come, and he was grateful for this small blessing. “Where are the others?” he asked. “Training?” Silass nodded. “Gaius and Chava are sparring down in our new training room, down by the baths. Vilya and Erris are helping out with the little hatchlings’ first archery lessons.” “Lucky day for the hatchlings,” Ren commented, running his hands through his hair. It was getting very long now – already well past his shoulders. Silass sighed. “Stop that,” she said, using the Force to gently tug at him until he came over and sat down in the chair next to her. “Let me do it. Nothing too intricate, I promise. But we can’t have our master looking like a bird’s nest when we go out among the others.” Ren didn’t try to protest, knowing she was right. “You should wear that chain on the outside, though,” she said. “Your warchief gave it to you, didn’t he?” “Yes. It was a… a courting gift. It’s a King’s chain, he has an identical one – it signifies his rank.” “And he gave one to you.” Silass sounded impressed. “I want to meet this warchief. It seems there is finally a man in this world who understands your worth, even when you don’t yourself.” Ren blushed slightly at that, but he didn’t even try to admonish her. Silass was never anything but honest and frank about things when they were amongst themselves, and that frankness had helped keep his chaotic mind just on the right side of sanity for almost a decade now, ever since they were mere hatchlings trying to overcome their troubled pasts. In public, she was never anything less than his perfect second in command – unwavering in both resolve and loyalty – and in private her snark and wit and fierce protectiveness had gotten them all through some very difficult times. He could let her get away with these little bouts of attitude, because when it came down to it, she would obey his every command without question, just like she always had. “You would approve of him, sister,” he said with a small smile. “I have no doubt about that. Let us hope you can all come visit me at Skye Castle someday soon.” Before Silass could respond, whimpering and muttering from Ren’s bed signalled that the youngest Knight had woken up, and was now attempting to extract themselves from the blankets. Both Ren and Silass knew better than to try and engage in a conversation with Avi before they had had their breakfast, so they simply observed as their blonde little sibling staggered over to their own bed, got dressed, and stumbled over to the stairs – no doubt to go raid the main kitchen for all the left overs of the hatchlings’ breakfast. Silass finished Ren’s braid, and excused herself to go join Gaius and Chava – she had merely needed a few moments alone with her ‘favourite brother’, as she jokingly called him. Ren lingered in the tower for a little while after she’d gone. It was a strange feeling, being back here like this. The tower was beautiful, truly a worthy home to the Knights, it wasn’t that. No, it was that nagging, prickling sensation somewhere in the far back of his mind that told him that something had changed here during his time away. Something wasn’t the same, wasn’t right. There was a feeling in the Force, very subtle, well hidden in the deeper layers of the flow, and it felt like… poison. Like a disease. Like something infecting them all, slowly and silently spreading, festering, growing. Madness . It felt like madness, and it permeated every last little inch of the Force flow at the House. A shudder ran through him as he probed the flow gently with his mind. No, this was not right. He would have to bring this up with his Knights later. If they hadn’t felt it, it would be a major cause for concern – with how close to the Force they all lived, it should stand out every bit as clearly to them as to him. In an attempt to distract himself, he did as Silass had suggested, and brought the King’s chain out from underneath his robes so it was visible even with his cowl draped over his shoulders and covering most of his hair. Daring a glance in the mirror, he had to admit it looked very good – regal almost. The thick silver chain and its red stone contrasting sharply against the dark of his robes, only adding to the air of superiority. Tired and worried as he was, no one who looked at him could possibly see him as anything less than the first among the Crows, the Master of the Knights. Silass had done a good job with his hair; two smaller braids ran from his temples where they joined together with the rest of his hair in a loose but still neat braid. Grateful that his ears were still largely hidden, he had to admit to himself that the look did suit him – even if it was something he wasn’t very used to. “Vanity, my hatchling? I never expected that from you.” Maul’s deep voice startled him out of his reverie, and he turned around to see his old master cross the floor to pull him into a tight embrace. He held Ren tight for a while, and the younger man swore he could feel the tension in his body dissipating. “It’s good to see you again. I worried.” Maul let go of him enough to have a good look at him – touching his hair, straightening his robes, and inspecting the King’s chain. It was a ritual of his, and Ren found it both soothing and anchoring; if there was one thing they could always count on with Maul, it was that he saw them, saw every little nuance and flicker of thought and emotions, and he accepted it. There was no Crow dead or alive whom Maul had ever feared or given any sign of disliking – he simply acknowledged every aspect at all times. This was, of course, part of the reason why some Crows feared him nearly as much as they feared Ren. It was also the reason why Ren always felt safe and comfortable around him. Maul did not judge, he only cared, comforted, guided, taught – judgment was for others, he always said. If the Force had chosen someone, then they had no right to pass judgment – it wasn’t their place. “It’s so good to see you, too, master,” Ren smiled, putting a hand on his shoulder and giving it a light squeeze. “I am in dire need of your guidance.” Maul nodded, pulling his cowl up over his tattooed head. “I sensed that you were,” he said. “Come, I think better when I’m outside, and I know you do too. The rose garden should be empty now that they’re all withered. We can speak in peace there.” Ren nodded, pulling his hood up as well, and pulling on his gloves before following Maul down the many steps and out into the maze of buildings, gardens, training grounds, and other spaces that made up the House of Night. ~*~*~ Rey had been driving Finn and Poe nearly up the walls of their little room with her restless pacing, her nail biting, and the incessant repetition of ‘what if’. They had reached a point where they were seriously considering simply tying her to a chair and gagging her, when a knock came from the door, and one of the border guards stepped in. She looked at the trio with that same unimpressed bordering on bored gaze all Northerners seemed to reserve for Southern folks. “Pack your things,” she said, not even bothering with any greetings. “You’re going to be escorted to Skye Castle first thing in the morning, and it would be in your best interest not to keep the warchief waiting. Be ready outside at dawn.” With that. She left again, not waiting for a reply, not even looking at them. By now, none of the three really expected any differently. After three days in this little inn, listening to the conversations of the other patrons, the songs sung at night after a few tankards, and having had the large and beautifully embroidered tapestries explained to them by the inn-keeper herself – it had become clear as day why the Northerners disliked everything connected to the South. They could hardly be blamed for holding a grudge after so many different Southern rulers had tried to conquer them, tried to force them away from their Gods, killed their Crows, and tried to make them ashamed of their culture and heritage. Finn, Rey, and Poe had been quite shaken by the tales they’d heard – it wasn’t something they had even been taught during their years of schooling, at least not such a grim version of it. The way they had been taught, the invasions had been righteous missions carried out by faithful servants of the God of Mornings, to try and bring light and civilisation to these savages and their dark lands. It was quite the shock to realize how little the South really know of the North – how incredibly complex a culture they had, and how deep and true the bonds were between the Gods of the First Order and the people who worshipped them. Starting tomorrow, they would travel even further into this strange but beautiful land, to the legendary Skye Castle, the throne of the North, and meet an actual Northern warchief. Even given the grave circumstances that had led them here, they couldn’t help but feel a great deal of excitement. So many things had already turned out to be very far from what they had thought, and they were eager to find out if the same could be said for the notorious warchief of clan Hux. Rey, of course, was even more anxious to finally go to the castle. It felt like forever now, since they left D’Qar behind, and now – finally – only a few days remained until she would get to see the brother that had been kept from her all these years. She could only hope that they weren’t too late to stop her father from carrying out that heinous order. Rey didn’t speak of it much, but it ate at her to know what her mother had done – and how quickly she had decided to do it again. Maybe it was true what they said about Rey when they thought she didn’t hear, that she was too naïve, too kind, too soft – not queen material – but she would rather go to history as the queen who cared for and protected those who needed it, than the queen who killed her own child. A year ago she would never had thought in this way about herself or her mother – if anything she would have rallied to her mother’s defence if someone had dared speak about this. That was naïve of her, she could admit that much – but after hearing Leia tell the story herself… Something inside Rey had broken that day, something had died, and now there was something else growing there instead – a resolve, a deep and unshakeable determination never to be like her mother. It was the role of a ruler to protect their people, and protect them she would – starting with her brother. Notes: Uni turned out to be a lot more intense this semester than it has been in a long time. So, sorry about the delay - I've been trying to sort out a lesser mountain of adminstrative and bureaucratic issues. Updates will continue in this slow manner for a while, and I'm sorry for the inconvenience! The Knights love each other dearly - they're family. And Maul is awesome. Yes. Hux, that poor man, is so royally done with everything that honestly fear for his blood pressure. Han tries, but it's not always easy trying to placate an angry Hux. And our Southern trio are slowly starting to move again^^ I don't really have much more to say about this chapter. If you have any questions, thoughts, theories, needs to yell at me, or anything else, do feel free to pop over to tumblr and drop me a message. My ask is always open, though currently not allowing anonymous asks. Your comments mean everything to me, and each and every single one of the puts the biggest smile on my face, so do take a minute to tell me what you think of the chapter before you go, yeah? Until next time, lovelies! Chapter 16 : A Weapon No Longer Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) As there were a few Crows still on their way, the first gathering was scheduled to take place the next day at noon, Maul informed Ren as they made their way towards the rose garden. Ren was glad for it. He needed this day to try and gather his thoughts, to make sense of all these strange sensations and the putrid smell of fear that permeated the air of the House in a way he had never before experienced. It was very cold outside, frost covered every surface, and their breaths came out as glittering clouds, and Ren felt even more grateful than before for the thick cloak Hux had given him. Summer was brief but lovely at the House, but the winters were brutal, and he wasn’t looking forward to spending any extended amount of time here at this time of year. There were plenty of scars and old injuries that would make their presence known to him when subjected to lower temperatures, and there were memories attached to them that he’d rather not ever face again. They walked in silence most of the way – Maul never was one for small talk, and Ren took after him in that regard. They both found comfort in silence, could navigate it and find answers in it in ways others struggled to comprehend. Hatchlings and adult Crows alike scampered out of their way as they moved through the complex, no one wanted to get in the way of either of them – their titles and reputations always going ahead of them to secure clear paths. They had nothing to prove to anyone; they had earned their ranks, and to get in their way would be a terrible insult. The Crows took insults very seriously, and no one wished to be at the receiving end of the punishment that would follow such a transgression. The rose garden, a sight to behold when at its peak, was now mostly a series of little walks, wilted bushes, and empty trellises, with wooden and stone benches scattered about – all of it divided over three different levels. While designed to aid in the healing of tired spirits, at this time of the year it had rather the opposite effect – a perfect image as it was of the process of death and decay. A part of Ren found it very fitting, while another part desperately wished it had been summer now so that he could have spent some time getting lost in the sweet scents and bright colours instead of this muddy and gloomy space. Maul sensed his unease – as he always did – and placed a hand on his shoulder in comfort as they made their way to a bench on the uppermost level. Wrapping themselves tight in their cloaks, they sat down to look out at the rest of the compounds for a moment. “So,” Maul said eventually, his gentle voice as always such a contradiction to his grim appearance. “Talk to me, my little hatchling. It saddens me to see you so distressed.” Ren swallowed hard. He knew he could tell Maul anything – or, at least he used to. Suddenly, he wasn’t so sure, and he hated himself for doubting his old master. Maul, ever the observant one, raised a brow before putting and arm around his shoulder and letting Ren rest his head on his shoulder. He always did this when Ren struggled with words. It was a simple acknowledgement of his predicament, a quiet permission to remain silent for as long as he needed to. Maul would wait, he always did. “There are disturbances,” he said, golden eyes distant and… worried? “Great disturbances in the Force. I know you must have felt them, little one. Everything feels broken, fragmented. But there is more to it than that. There is madness lurking in the deeper flows, disease.” He sighed. “These are dark times. Darker than anything we’ve faced in centuries. And nothing pains me more than knowing that you’ve been placed in the middle of it all with all your power and all your torment.” “Will you be by my side, master?” Ren finally asked, voice shaking despite his attempts at keeping it level. “I know how you detest power struggles and politics, but I fear I must ask you. I don’t know what will happen, but I can’t help but feel that whatever it is, it will change everything we’ve ever known about ourselves. I don’t want to fight you, master. Out of all the Crows, you are the only one who never treated me as anything other than a person. You are the first one who ever truly saw me. I can’t bear the thought of not having you with me through this ordeal – whatever it turns out to be.” Maul sighed deeply, shifting to take Ren’s face between his gloved hands – keeping their gazes locked to one another. “From the moment I found you laying in the snow, bleeding half to death, clutching Eira to your chest to protect her, I have vowed every day of my life to stay by your side, to guide and support you for as long as you will allow me to do so. It is true that I very much detest the petty power struggles of mortals who put their own agendas before those of the Gods we serve – but there are times when silence and refusal to take sides becomes in itself a crime. This, I believe, is such a time. I would give my life to keep you safe, little hatchling. It saddens me to know you have felt uncertain about this.” He brought their foreheads together, and Ren felt the gentle presence of him in his mind – a sign of trust on Maul’s part, to open himself up to Ren in such a way. It was a rare thing, indeed, and spoke volumes of how seriously the older Crow took this whole situation. “I invite you to see for yourself, my hatchling, where your old master’s loyalties lie. These are secrets I guard closely, and have shed blood to keep. I trust you to keep them, as I will always keep yours – whatever they may be.” Ren took a deep breath, then reached out, allowing himself to be submerged in the vast inner world of his master’s mind. He had never seen so deeply before, had never quite understood the vast oceans of knowledge, emotions, memories, and thoughts that made up the strange man Ren had always considered the closest thing to a father he would ever have. Maul’s mind was a beautiful, dark, chaotic, frightfully complex place, and he laid it all out in plain sight for Ren to see. The younger Crow felt his breath hitch and his eyes burning with tears from the sheer honour he felt at being allowed to see it all. Maul’s eyes were glassy as well as he studied Ren’s memories and experiences from the months they’d been apart. Eventually, they withdrew from each other’s minds, coming back into awareness of the world around them, of the cold, the bite of the wind against their cheeks, of the ever present noise and movements that filled the space at the House. “Forgive me, master,” Ren managed. “For ever doubting you. There is no excuse, I just… These last few months have been so overwhelming, I- I simply didn’t know if there was anyone here I could trust. I am so sorry.” “It’s always wise to be careful when it comes to trust,” Maul soothed. “And you do not need to apologize to me. I am not mad. There is so much weight resting on your young shoulders – far too much, but I know that you will rise to this task as you have with every other. I will be there with you – as will your knights.” He smiled. “Now tell me more about this warchief of yours. He seems to be quite the extraordinary man, and I am most intrigued.” ~*~*~ Ren and Maul spent most of the morning strolling around the vast compound. Even though they’d only been apart for a few months, they still had a lot of things to catch up on. Maul, ever the teacher, was very interested in his progress and what new insights he’d acquired since last they spoke. He listened patiently to his former hatchling’s little tales, offering advice here and there, a few questions, and some much welcome assurances when Ren admitted doubts about certain issues. Their craft was a difficult one, and seeking advice from each other was as vital a part of their practice as vision seeking or wound care – but not everyone had the immense privilege of having someone as knowledgeable in the ways of the Force as Maul at their disposal. Though he had seemed mildly amused by the process of Ren and Hux’ courting, he’d been very supportive and, much to Ren relief, genuinely happy for them both, and even expressed a wish to come visit Skye Castle so that he could meet Hux in person. A little before noon, Avi and Chava managed to track them down, and they engaged in an animated discussion about the advantages of using obsidian blades instead of steel when performing surgical procedures. Chava was experimenting with different types of stone, as well as different designs for the surgical blades in order to see if they could be improved, and she had made some very interesting progress with some of them. Maul was very intrigued, and Chava had to promise him a demonstration. Avi cheerfully admitted that they really couldn’t tell any difference – but then again, surgery wasn’t their strong suit. It had never been. Avi was good at cutting things into little pieces, yes – but they never had any patience for putting them back together again. No, as long as Avi had their sword and their poisons, they were content. Ren affectionately admonished them for their violent tendencies, causing Avi to point out that their master, with the amount of blood he had spilt in his days, most certainly could not claim any sort of moral high-ground in that regard. Maul and Chava simply shook their heads in fond exasperation; it was nearly impossible to be mad at Avi. They had this remarkable ability to take things in stride in a way the other Knights often struggled with or simply lacked. It had become a saying among them that as long as Avi was still smiling, there was nothing to worry about. When they did stop smiling, though… It was a sight that would have seasoned warriors huddling together for protection against the on-coming storm that was Avi’s rage. As they made their way to the great hall to have their mid-day meal, the other Knights joined them. Maul thanked Ren for a pleasant and much needed morning of conversation, and headed off towards his own seat among the higher ranking Crows. In a few years he’d be eligible to take up a position among the Elders and sit by the table of honour together with his peers and the Knights, but for now, he was assigned to one of the tables closest to it. Maul didn’t mind – he preferred to take his meals in relative peace and quiet, and had praised the day he’d been excused from the duty of overseeing the hatchlings’ tables. Ren and the others took their respective seats and watched as the other Crows filed into the hall. He had never seen this many Crows gathered in the hall before in all his years; extra tables had been brought in, and even then it was crowded – a sea of black and grey, and the occasional white in the coats of the resident little magpies. Aya and the rest of the Hux clan’s Crows had been moved to a table close to Ren’s, he noticed with some satisfaction – a token of respect for him and his clan, no doubt. Any Crows serving under a Knight of Ren automatically gained a higher standing within the order, even if it wasn’t an official one. He nodded in greeting, pleased to see that they, too, looked rested and less haunted than when they’d arrived the day before. Making a mental note to seek them out and make sure that they were settling in properly, Ren waited until all the Crows and hatchlings were seated, before rising to his feet and leading them in a short prayer as they waited for the food to be brought in – a duty which rotated between the selected few allowed to sit at the table of honour. He had missed certain parts of the daily routine at the House, and while his heart warmed at the familiar sight of older hatchlings guiding their younger siblings through the prayer with varying degrees of patience while the older Crows sat with their heads bowed and eyes closed in reverence as the sacred words spilled from their lips in the old, melodious chant, he found himself missing the loud and boisterous affairs that were the daily meals at Skye Castle. The longing was so strong that he nearly lost track of the words as he was singing them – his heart ached, heavy with the desperate desire to be at home with his warchief again. Home. He realized that the castle had become more of a home to him in the short time he’d been there than the House had ever been. It was a strange realization, and one that came with a heavy air of guilt. The order had never been anything less than a family to him, and yet all he wanted to do in that moment was to get Askr saddled and head back south as fast as they could go without dropping from exhaustion. It was something he’d never thought he’d feel, and yet here he was – the highest ranking Crow in the North, second only to the Raven himself – and all he wished was to be far away from it all, safe and surrounded by common mortals. “ Don’t worry so much, brother ,” came Gaius’ voice in his mind as he sat back down. “ There’s no shame in having found the place where you belong. It’s a blessing. No one here will think less of you for missing your beloved and your home. ” Ren helped himself to the rich vegetable stew before answering, wanting the people in the hall to focus on their meals instead of the conversations of their superiors. “I know,” he said aloud. “But I still can’t help it, brother. This is all so new to me, and I’m afraid it will take some time getting used to. I’m the master of the Knights, it seems so strange that I should consider another place home instead of the House.” “You can have more than one home, brother,” Erris said. “I’ve always thought home is more of a feeling than a place.” “We’re not Doves,” Vilya smiled cheekily. “We don’t have to deprive ourselves of our sense of home and belonging if we don’t want to. You can have as many homes as you wish to.” Ren chuckled. “You’re right,” he smiled. “I will get there eventually, sister, but for now I’ll have to ask you to be patient with me. These have been a few very strange months.” The Knights all nodded their heartfelt agreement to that. ~*~*~ The council room – though the name failed to capture the grandeur, the sheer vastness of the space – sat in the very core of the Centre Nest. A total of sixteen large doors admitted entry into it; eight on ground level, and eight one floor below, at the first dungeon level. Both walls and furniture was richly decorated with detailed carvings, thick tapestries and other such decorations – a far cry from the ascetic image they presented in public, but they had their reasons. Council meetings often dragged on for hours – if not days – and they had long since overcome any scruples regarding comfort and distractions. The seating arrangements consisted of a semi-circular stand were some five hundreds of seats were divided over ten rows of high-backed chairs as old as time itself. One, they had all been fitted with cushions, but it was long ago, and now the seats were the same dark wood as the rest of the structure. In the middle of the very first row were seven chairs, separated from the others by intricately carved bars on three sides – decidedly more comfortable than the rest – these were the Knights’ assigned seats. The rest of the front row on each side was reserved for the Elders. Some ten more rows of low benches had been placed on the floor in the centre of the semi-circle to allow as many Crows as possible a place to sit, but there would still be a large number of them that would simply have to stand. Large chandeliers stood placed around the room, and several impressive windows had been built into the roof to allow more light inside. All the seats faced a low dais, upon which a wide copper brazier was placed. It had been prepared the night before, and required only to be lit and supplied with the a few drops of blood from the Knights and the Elders in order to summon to them the smoke-shape of their Raven. Contrary to the belief of the common mortals, the Raven did not, in fact, reside at the House. The actual location of the Order’s leader had been a closely guarded secret for the past three centuries, after an incident where Southern invading forces had come far too close to actually capturing and killing the Raven in charge at the time. Ever since, only a select few of the Elders knew how to find the Raven, and even they were strictly forbidden to travel there under any circumstances other than their leader’s impending death. Not even the Knights were privy to this secret, as it was generally considered a wiser move to balance the factors of power out between groups instead of giving it all to the already mind-bogglingly powerful Knights. It also provided a sense of security, in case of internal conflict, that Knights and Raven were kept separate – because too much power too close to each other was never a good thing. The Crows knew their history, and they had all learned the signs well. All the other Crows had already gathered when Ren lead his Knights to their seat, followed by the large group of Elders. The reverence was thick in the air as the Crows watched their highest ranking siblings stride proudly across the large room, backs straight and heads held high, before taking their seats. One of the Elders, an impossibly small, scraggy-looking man, carried with him a goblet and a small knife. One by one, all the occupants of the first row cut the skin of their forearms to allow a few little droplets to fall into the waiting goblet, and once he’d secured all their contributions, he shuffled over to the dais to light the fire and pour the blood onto the awaiting herbs. They all bowed their heads in the deepest respect as the rising smoke took on the shape of the Raven, his figure towering over all of them, almost reaching the high ceiling. Now, finally, they would all be given the explanation they had been so desperate for. Finally, the answers would be given. The Raven was wise – he would lead them through this. ~*~*~ There hadn’t been much time over the last few days to stop and enjoy the view, as the guards had lead the way for Rey, Finn and Poe. They rode hard, only stopping when necessary, and didn’t engage much in conversation with their charges. Instead, they kept their distance, sitting and sleeping on the opposite side of the campfire – talking amongst themselves in their own strange, melodic tongue. The three Southerners understood perfectly well that to them, this was not a very appreciated task to have been given, and they had a feeling the guards considered them something along the lines of spoiled children being sent home to their father for a telling off. Not even Finn and Poe, being experienced soldiers, managed to win any approval. The guards had inspected their armour before they began their journey – taking all their weapons away – and had been sighing and shaking their heads the entire time. Southern armour and weapons quite clearly failed to meet Northern standards, but Poe and Finn were wise enough not to be insulted by it. From what they had seen so far, they knew the Northerners took their weapons and martial arts very seriously, and that they really shouldn’t expect too much positivity from them. The guard had chuckled, though, and patted them on the shoulder, when two days ago Rey had first spotted Mount Starkiller on the horizon and loudly expressed her delight at the sight of it. Now they understood why. They had had the mountain and a few of its surrounding lower peaks in sight since then, and though it had definitely become larger and larger against the surrounding landscape, they didn’t seem to be getting any closer. How was it possible for such an enormous thing to exist? Now they were coming over the top of a hill, and Rey, Poe, and Finn almost fell off their horses from the impact of Mount Starkiller rising from the vale beneath, the river running through it glittering in the late autumn sun, and the leaves still remaining on the trees shining in vibrant shades of red and gold against the darker backdrop of pines and fir trees. “Is- is that Skye Castle,” Rey managed, and pointed. “There, at the foot of the mountain?” One of the guards chuckled, and nodded. “It sure is, little girl,” she said. “the Throne of the North. Home of clan Hux for twenty generations now.” Something cruel played at the corners of her mouth. “Many a Southern army have faced their demise trying to breach those walls. You tread carefully once we reach it – the North has a very long memory, and our warchiefs most of all.” Rey swallowed hard. “How long until we reach it?” “We should be there in half a day if we get a move on – and we will. There are many a beast in these parts who’d like nothing more than to fill their bellies with human flesh.” With that, the guards spurred their horses on and set off down into the vale, the three Southerners following close behind. The guard certainly didn’t lie, and the sun had already set by the time they crossed the bridge and arrived at Sky Castle. The courtyard was well-lit with the help of dozens of torches, and the inhabitants of the vast complex were going about their business without paying much attention to them or the guards. There were children of different ages involved in different games or what looked like sparring, but might have been play as well. Large hounds, larger than anything Rey had ever seen before, walked around freely – receiving scratches behind their ears, or little treats, before going up to the massive doors of what Rey guessed was the main building and were let in by the guards. It seemed very peaceful here – just ordinary, everyday life. She wasn’t sure what she’d been expecting, but it was something more sinister than this – that much was certain – and she felt ashamed of herself now. As they dismounted, a few servants appeared to take their luggage, and shortly after that a man stepped out of the main building – a Southerner too, by the looks of him – and approached the trio. He nodded a thanks to the guards, and said something to them in the Northern tongue. They looked pleased with whatever he’d said, and simply left. The man himself took a good look at them, lips pursed, and a small frown forming. “I’m Mitaka,” he said with a small bow. “Lord Hux’ scribe and advisor. You have just missed dinner, I’m afraid, but I’ve arranged for food to be sent to your rooms. Now, if you would please follow me, I’ve sent for clean clothes for you all, but I’m afraid you’ll need a bath before you put them on.” He motioned for them to follow, and headed across the courtyard to another building, from whose roof several chimneys rose – smoke, or was it steam? – billowing out of all of them. As they entered, he pointed to two separate doors. “Here in the North, we don’t much care about nudity,” he said. “People of all genders usually bathe together – but as far as I remember, the South thinks differently, and far be it from us to insult the Crown Princess of D’Qar by asking her to bathe unchaperoned in the company of two young men. So, if you please, little princess – the door to the left is yours. You two will share the bath to the right. Servants will be by to help you with what you need.” He bowed again, and left. They didn’t get a chance to question how he knew who she was, before the servants showed up and ushered them into their respective rooms. Once they’d been deemed clean enough, they were given their new clothes, and escorted back to the main hall, where Mitaka was waiting just inside the large doors. He inspected them thoroughly, before nodding in approval to the servants and taking over again and leading the youngsters down a corridor. “How do you know who I am?” Rey couldn’t stop herself from asking. Mitaka gave her a small smile. “The North is not cut off from the rest of the world, little princess,” he said. “We keep track of the other royal houses too. Besides, your father informed us that the strange young girl nagging our poor border garrison for entry into the land would most likely be you.” “Father is here?” Rey could scarcely believe it. “Where is he? Can I see him?” “He is currently discussing political matters with lord Hux,” Mitaka said. “He and your… uncle, have been given a room close to yours. You will see them once they return here.” He stopped in front of a door. “This here is your room, princess. Your father’s is across the hall here. You two younglings are in this room.” He pointed to the door next to Rey’s. “The two rooms are connected via a door, so you may come and go as you please between them without bothering anyone else by running back and forth in the corridor.” His soft face took on a harsh look. “In fact, for the time being I’m afraid you are confined to these rooms. You need permission from the warchief to move about here, and I must inform you that your presence in the castle is something of a diplomatic nightmare. War has been waged over lesser things than a foreign princess turning up without proper escort at a Northern court, and your mother has rather a bloody reputation of her own. Please do not make the situation worse than it is. Lord Hux is a good man, though not necessarily a kind one. He will not put his clan at risk for the sake of the whims of a little girl. You’d do well to keep that in mind.” With a final nod, he turned and headed back down the corridor. The trio looked at each other – the severity of the situation beginning to dawn on them. Of course this was serious, and of course Finn and Poe weren’t enough of an escort to make this not a very difficult situation for all involved parties. Rey could only hope her mother wouldn’t catch wind of it. If she did, then their God help them all. They headed into Rey’s room, drawn there by the smell of food that came from the other side of the door. It wasn’t the largest room, by any means, but it had a very comfortable looking bed, a small recliner, and a table with four chairs just by the window overlooking a smaller courtyard, where a group of young clanspeople were sparring. Across from the courtyard was the great hall – there was no mistaking it; throne rooms and main halls looked much the same no matter where you went. Here, though, Rey was intrigued to see so many birds flying in and out through the windows just beneath the roof. She could see enormous ravens, some grey and black crows, quick little magpies darting about along with what she guessed were rooks. There were so many! Rey had never seen so many bird of these kinds in all her life, much less all of them in one place. She had thought the birds would make the castle appear more dark and gloomy, given their colourless coats and haunting caws, but that was most certainly not the case. Their food had been put on the table for them, kept warm under large ceramic covers, and they abandoned the view in favour of sitting down to eat. It had been a long day, and they hadn’t eaten for hours and hours. The food turned out to be a steak of some kind, with roasted root-vegetables, and a gravy that smelled heavily of herbs and spices. They had also been given a large pitcher of red wine to drink with it, and by the time they were finished, both the wine and food were all gone, and the trio felt more full than what was reasonable. The food was a lot heavier up here in the North – but it was also very tasty, and they had come to the joint conclusion that they didn’t mind the heaviness at all. A few hours of slight uneasiness were well worth it. Finn and Poe’s room had one large bed, another recliner, and a small stand with a wash basin and mirror for their shaving needs. Poe blushed bright red at the realization why they’d been given the larger bed, and Finn smiled widely. It had been quite some times since they got to share a bed, and especially one as comfortable looking as this one. How in the world they’d figured out that they were lovers was beyond both Poe and Finn, but they were thankful, none the less. A knock was heard at Rey’s door, and she barely managed to open it, before Han was in the room – scooping her up in a tight hug, lifting her clean off the floor as he held her close. Chewie was close behind, and gave the two stunned young men a big hug as well, before patting Han on the shoulder and signing that he should probably put his daughter down now. “Do you have any idea,” Han said as he put Rey down and they all took a seat where they could. “What a mess you might have created by running off like that?” His voice was trembling from all the emotions running through it. “Lord Hux is not happy with this situation, and he’s made it very clear that you can’t stay here a second longer than absolutely necessary. Your mother might go to war to get you back, Rey. War . And if she does… Hux will more than happily slaughter his way through her army, and any other army she takes with her, to keep his clan safe. Do you understand me? He is the most dangerous man I’ve ever met, and he will stop at nothing to protect those he cares about. Your little stunt might have brought death and ruin to the entire South if we don’t find some way to stop this.” Rey felt tears burning in her eyes, her chin beginning to tremble just a little as she bowed her head in shame. “B-but surely my brother-” “He’s not here, Rey,” Han sighed, taking pity on her and pulling her close again. “Kylo is not here, and Hux is not happy about it. I don’t know what’s going on, my girl, but whatever it is, it’s not good. I’m sorry, but no one knows when Kylo will be back.” “What…?” Rey’s voice was so small. “H-how can he- he not be here? He was supposed to be here, I- I needed to see him. Needed to- to know what he looks like, hear his voice. I just… I just need to know my brother! ” Her voice broke at the last word, the tension built up over the past few weeks completely overwhelming her as the realization hit that their journey had been for nothing. Han cradled her to his chest and rocked her gently, kissing her hair. “I know, sweetness,” he soothed. “I know.” ~*~*~ “…- ething’s wrong! ” The voice cut through Hux’ thoughts, and startled him back to reality. He’d gotten lost inside his own mind again there for a while, trying to make sense of the whole mess they were all in. for ten years, there’d been relative peace and quiet around his land – the occasional conflict here and there, certainly, but nothing major – and now he had been through a clan war, conquered three new territories, lost a Crow, gained a Crow, gained a lover, had his lover stolen away, and found himself with both the paramour and the only child of the most bloodthirsty queen in the entire South in his castle. All of this, in half a year. Looking over at Eira, he noticed her distress easily. She had fluffed up – her feathers sticking out like white spikes in all directions – and she was pacing restlessly back and forth on the window seat, twitching her head this way and that, flapping her wings angrily. When she saw that Hux was looking at her she cawed, and he heard it again. “ Something’s wrong, human! Listen to me! ” “E-Eira?” he sputtered in disbelief. “I-is that you, girl?” She darted over to his lap, fixing him with her most urging glare. “ Yes, you daft human! ” She bit him in the arm, and Hux yelped in surprise. “ Something is all wrong! ” “Something’s wrong with what? Kylo?” “ Yes! It’s all gone wrong! He’s scared, human! Can’t you feel it? ” Hux swallowed a few times, trying to breathe deeply and ground himself the way Kylo had been teaching him to do. It took him quite a while, and having Eira’s panicked voice in his mind as well didn’t exactly help him focus. But eventually, he felt their bond surface above the rest, and he tried to make himself follow it, connect with it, let it lead him to Kylo. It was so difficult, and he felt the sweat breaking out all over his skin, heart beating heavily in his chest, and breaths coming out more like short gasps than anything else. How Kylo did this on a daily basis was beyond him. He lost focus and had to start all over several times, and it frustrated him to the point where he wanted to smash something to pieces. Then suddenly, he felt it. Fear. It hit him like an avalanche, leaving a sour taste in his mouth, making his gut tighten and his skin prickle. Kylo was in a state of absolute terror, but as Hux tried to reach out, tried to call on his attention, the connection broke. Hux was tossed violently back into himself, having to catch himself in order to avoid falling out of the chair. He let out a string of profanities in every language he knew, getting up and furiously pacing the room. Though he wanted nothing more than to try again, he knew Kylo has said it would be more or less impossible for him to be able to reach him over such a distance with the amount of training he’d been given. He felt wetness covering his upper lip, and when he brought a hand up to wipe at it, his fingers were coated in red. He hurried to find a piece of cloth to press against his nose, and tore the door open – causing the guard outside to flinch. “Get Phasma, Mitaka, and Mai up here, right this instant!” he barked. “I don’t care what they’re doing, just get them up here!” “Y-yes, my lord!” the guard squeaked, and hurried down the stairs. ~*~*~ The entire council room was dead silent as the smoke-shape of the Raven dissolved. They could not believe what they had just been told, and the Crows looked frantically around, trying to find some comfort in the eyes of each other, only to be met with equal confusion. One by one, the gazes wandered to the Knights on the first row, and eventually the entire room were staring at Kylo and his Knights – looking to them for guidance, as always. Kylo’s entire soul was in turmoil, the King’s chain burning through the fabric of his clothes, his robes suddenly feeling too tight, the air in the room too stale. This was madness . He could feel the conflict brewing in the Force already, the crack in their united order, the chaos seeping through. He felt cold spread through his blood at the realization that he’d found the disease – and it was nothing like what he had thought it would be. Everything he thought he’d known about his order, about his Raven, about his fellow Crows… it was all coming apart in this very moment, crumbling down so easily, like a child’s carefully built sand-castles under the force of the tides. He was trapped. The Raven had lured him here, and now he was trapped in a house full of Crows that would not be as loyal to him as he had been trained to believe. He could feel it already, the poison in their minds spreading, the Crows silently picking sides in a conflict they could all sense, but still couldn’t name. They wouldn’t, until Kylo gave them the answer they all sought from him. “ We’re with you, master ,” came the voices of his six siblings in his mind. “ Whatever you do. We’re with you .” “ And here is you greatest trial, hatchling ,” Maul whispered, his voice full of sorrow, even through their mind connection. “ There is no going back now. You must fight this battle. Just know that you are not alone. I am with you. I believe in you .” He felt the anger taking hold of him, the cold fury at the thought that the Raven dared ask that of him, that he dared ask Kylo to-! No, he couldn’t even think the thought – it alone felt like treason, like the worst form of betrayal. Kylo Ren had been raised, trained, groomed into the perfect weapon – obedience had always come as naturally to him as breathing, and he had always followed orders without hesitation. He was ruthless, merciless, a true son of Death, and disobedience had never been a notion he would ever entertain. But now… “I will not.” He didn’t raise his voice; he didn’t have to. A hair could fall in the dead silence and they would all hear it. He got to his feet, his Knights following so closely behind it almost looked synchronised. Turning to look at the room, he saw the full scale of the conflict. Some faces looked as if he’d gone mad, some looked like they wished to strike him dead right then and there, some looked lost and desperate, and some of them – not many – nodded their support. There would be blood spilled, he knew it. So many of these faces would soon cease to exist, and Kylo mourned them all. There was a time when he wouldn’t – but that was also a time when he would have done what the Raven told him, without question, without hesitation, and certainly without remorse. He refused to become that creature again. Would rather go mad with pain and grief over his lost siblings, his lost family, than let Snoke rob him of the heart Braith had given him. This was lunacy, and Kylo refused to be a part of it any longer. The Raven no longer spoke for the Gods, only for himself, and as the master of the Knights of Ren, it was his sacred duty to kill anyone who threatened or brought dishonour upon their names – no matter who it was. He would not lay his own life in ruins on the orders of a madman. The resolve took shape inside him, settled and hardened with every face he met that no longer looked like family, and in that moment Kylo Ren made a choice he knew could damn them all, as he raised his chin in defiance and said: “I will not kill my warchief.” Notes: I'm so terribly sorry for the delay! This semester has been horrible, and I've been having more spoon related issues than usual. Updates will continue to be slow for a while yet, and again, I'm really sorry about this. I hate not being able to stick to my usual update schedule. So, how's that for a plot revelation, hm?^^ Also, I love Maul. And Gaius. Eira is my most precious. I hope you enjoyed the chapter, and as always, I adore every single one of you who comments, so do take a moment to tell me what you think, yeah? Also, if you want to yell at me some more, I'm always available on tumblr, under the same url as usual :) Chapter 17 : The Price of Freedom Notes: Trigger warnings for this chapter: descriptions of violence, blood, semi-graphic descriptions of torture. If you are sensitive to any of these things, you are advised to skip this chapter. Further reading is at your own risk. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The silence in the council room was sharp, the shock having frozen everyone in their places – except, it turned out, from that scraggy little elder whose name Kylo had never managed to learn. He was back by the brazier, his arm open and bleeding over the herbs before anyone could stop him. The Knights looked to their master in question, and Kylo drew a breath to steady himself. He knew where this would lead, and though it was a price he would gladly pay himself, he’d rather not see anyone else hurt. “ Get yourselves and my Crows out of here ,” he ordered, not leaving any room for them to object. “ Maul too – we need him. Get to the horses and go south. Go to my clan, tell Hux what happened, and protect him with your lives. Let Askr loose outside the walls. He can manage on his own .” “ What about you? ” Chava’s voice was heavy with pain. “ There is nothing he can do to me that will hurt me. Not anymore. Protect Hux. That is all I need. Protect him – forever if you need to .” He gave them all one final look, then a short nod. “ Go !” Suddenly the room erupted into chaos, as the Knights moved to follow their master’s orders, and other Crows climbed over each other to either get out of the room or get their hands on the silent, majestic figure of Kylo Ren standing as still as a statue in the middle of the floor – chin still defiantly raised as he watched them scramble. From the brazier behind them, Snoke’s smoke-shape once again formed, and Kylo allowed himself to be grabbed and forced to his knees in front of it. He could feel the presence of his Knights and subordinate Crows leaving the vicinity of the chamber – Maul’s presence leading them – and he turned his focus to his own situation, trying to ignore the sounds of shouting and fighting in the hallways outside. The disease, it appeared, had broken out full force, and its vile smell was spreading like wildfire through the House. Madness. This was all madness. Putting everything he had into maintaining control of his emotions and Force presence, he raised his head to meet the Raven’s gaze. “What is the meaning of this?” the Raven demanded. “Why have you summoned me? Did you not understand my orders? Master Ren, explain yourself!” “Master Ren is refusing to follow your orders, master,” the little scraggy man informed him. “He’s defying you.” Snoke fixed Kylo with a glare that a few weeks earlier would have had him cowering. But now, with his warchief and beloved threatened, Kylo did not yield an inch. “Is this true?” “Yes.” Kylo calmly met his gaze, refused to let it so much as flicker. “Your orders are madness. I will not do it.” “Oh?” That oily voice of Snoke’s sounded amused, but there was a not to it; something dangerous, like a predator lying in wait in tall grass - counting on one wrong move, one stumbling step. “And you think you’re strong enough to resist me? You will follow my orders, Ren. I am your master, you are my weapon. You do as you are told.” “I refuse.” Kylo faced the glare head on, and braced himself upon seeing the gesture that meant a world of pain was coming his way. Clenching his jaw shut, he barely had time to draw a deep breath before that sickening feeling, that pain that was beyond pain, tore through his body and mind – so overwhelming that for a moment he couldn’t see, couldn’t hear, couldn’t think. Everything was fire and ice and agony. Then the brutal entering of Snoke’s mind into his own, rummaging around, looking for weakness, for advantage, for a leash to grasp so he could pull Kylo back in line – as if he was some disobedient dog. Kylo kept his mind as empty as he could, letting it linger only on images of the frozen tundra around the House, of starry night skies, of nonsensical little things that filled the space but gave nothing to the Raven to use. He would not endanger his Knights, his Crows, his beloved; refused to be the cause of their suffering. This only angered the Raven more, and another wave of that sickening torment invaded his every fibre, but Kylo focused on keeping his mouth shut, letting the pain in – letting what hurt to simply hurt, to be only something done to his body and not to him. Pain was nothing new – over the years, Kylo had known every type of pain there was, with few exceptions, and he forced himself to remember that this was familiar, this was something he knew. Pain was just pain – it touched his body, but not him. His mind and his soul were his own, and far beyond the reach of anything Snoke could put him through – Braith had made sure of that during their final night together; there was nothing left in him for Snoke to violate. Everything that was Kylo Ren was safely hidden away in the mind and heart of the most fearsome warchief in all the world. The Raven could put hurt on him forever – Kylo would not yield to him. Not any longer. Hours, or maybe just moments, later, Snoke let the pain go, and Kylo was hauled back onto his knees from where he’d been lying face down on the floor. He could feel the sweat pouring off him, every muscle and joint in his body screaming in agony, but he refused to let it show. He raised his chin, making it clear that his spirit was far from broken. “I refuse,” he repeated, voice cracked and hoarse, but unwavering. Snoke made a clicking sound at the back of his throat, then gestured to the Crows gathered around. “Seize him,” he ordered. “Take him to the dungeons and strip him bare. Chain him up properly, or he’ll only break free. It seems the good master Ren must be disciplined.” He looked thoughtful for a moment, gaze roaming Kylo’s form as if it was a piece of meat at the butcher’s. “Fifty lashes, to start with. Give him to drink, but no food. In the morning, give him a cold bath. Then summon me again for further instructions.” ~*~*~ Hux hadn’t stopped pacing for a moment since Phasma, Mitaka, and Mai joined him in the tower – and that was never a good sign. Mai had tried to have a look at his nose, but only received a snarl in response. Hux had removed the rag and thrown it in a corner, but rusty flakes of dried blood were still caked around his nostrils and in his beard. His red hair was hanging free, a tousled mess from where he kept running his hand through it, tearing at it as he attempted to gather himself enough to inform them of the situation. Eira was in a similar way; an angry, spiky ball of white feathers chattering angrily over on the window sill, her red eyes promising brutal murder. Whatever it was that had happened, they knew it had to be bad. “Braith, for the love of the Gods,” Mai said eventually. “Just tell us what’s wrong!” Their warchief stopped, taking several deep breaths, jaw clenched. “Something’s wrong with Kylo,” he gritted out. “I don’t know what, but something terrible is happening up there, and we need to prepare ourselves for any possible outcome.” He looked at them, green eyes full of a pain they hadn’t seen since his second wife and child died during birth. “He was scared,” he whispered. “Scared out of his mind.” “What do you need us to do?” Mai asked, ready to obey, as always. “We need to prepare,” Hux said as he finally came over to sit down on the recliner. Eira practically leaped over to sit on his lap, burying her face against his chest. “Kylo does not frighten easily, we all know this. But now…” He sighed. “I can’t shake the feeling that we might need to go to war against more than the Southerners. Phasma, I will need you to start preparing the troops – send the order to have everyone in arms and ready to march as soon as I give word. Tell them… Tell them the Crows might have abandoned us, and that until further notice, no midnight child is to be allowed entry into any fort or castle before they have received clearance from me.” “Y-you think the Crows are-” Phasma looked like she couldn’t believe what she was hearing. “You think they’re going to attack us?” “I don’t know,” Hux said, grimly. “But we can’t be too careful. Kylo had all sorts of horrible feelings and visions before he left – and I’m not stupid enough to trust someone simply for wearing midnight robes, but I do trust him. If he is afraid, it is because he has reasons to be. I don’t trust the Raven – not after what I’ve come to understand about him – and I’d rather come off as overly cautious than lose my life and my clan to the whims of some mad creature.” He looked at Mitaka. “The Southerners have to go, right away. They cannot be here to see how many troops we have. Send a letter to my mother and tell her to prepare a ship, then have them escorted to the coast to board it as soon as you possibly can. Mai, I hate to ask this of you, but I trust you more than anyone – I need you to lead the escort. As soon as the ship has sailed, however, you must return as quickly as the horse can carry you.” Mai nodded, and Mitaka quickly began scribbling down a list of things to be done over the next few days. Phasma looked at her cousin, putting a hand on his shoulder. “You should rest, cousin,” she said. “You look like death.” Hux grimaced. “Sleep is… difficult,” he admitted. “I can’t seem to stop worrying, and it’s driving me mad.” She nodded. “I know. But your clan need you rested and your mind as clear as it can be if this is going to work. I can give the order to put everyone in arms – but only you can lead them to the battlefield.” Hux nodded. She was right, of course. He really should try to rest – there were still some lingering fatigue clinging to him from his injuries, and there were so many things he needed to tend to all at once, and it hardly helped the situation if he did it all while deprived of sleep. But the bed had not gotten any less cold and empty, and the darkness felt less safe and soothing with each passing day. He feared the day he’d go to bed and discovered that none of it smelled like Kylo anymore. A silly sentiment, perhaps, but one he couldn’t keep out of his head in the wee hours of the mornings when he was forced out of it due to his mind conjuring up ever new scenarios where he would end up having to face the rest of his life without the man he’d come to consider a part of his soul. He couldn’t bear the thought of Kylo’s scent not being there, because he knew that once it was gone, it might not ever come back – reduced only to another torturous memory he’d never speak of but never stop hurting from. ~*~*~ “What’s this shiny thing here, hm?” one of the other Crows crooned as they more or less tore Kylo’s robes off of his body so they could chain him to the large wooden cross attached to the wall nearby. She held his King’s chain between thumb and forefinger, clearly enjoying the way the silver reflected what little light there was in there. “A King’s chain?” They laughed, and Kylo forced himself to keep his face blank, staring into nothing. “No wonder you went and got all cocky!” She gripped his jaw tightly, pale eyes staring into his – the malice radiating off her. He knew there had always been many of them who were just looking for a chance, who wanted power more than they wanted to serve. This was apparently one of them – which didn’t surprise him; the birds they were named after were opportunists, after all. “You may sit on your warchief’s lap and be doted on like some prized whore back South,” she spat. “But now, ‘master’ Ren, you’re just another dog in need of a good beating.” She pulled a little on the chain, and once she realized it wasn’t going to come off anytime soon, she spared a glance at her peers. “This is mine if we get to kill him.” It took every ounce of self-control Kylo possessed not to rise to her obvious bait. It wasn’t a hard guess that the chain was his most precious possession, that it meant a lot more than just any piece of jewellery, so it was of course a quick way to get a rise out of him. But he refused to play her game. Kylo was not a good man; he was a Crow, and he had been doing this and worse to people for eleven years now. If they thought anything they said or did would scare or break him, he’d show them the full force of his resilience. They could not win this. Braith needed him, the clan, the birds – he had to return to them. There was no alternative, no other way he would even allow himself to think about thinking of. Death had come for him many times already, and he was still here. If she came again, he would fight her. They would see. They had put him in a situation where he had his back against the wall, and everything to lose. It was their own damned fault for not understanding that it was the single biggest mistake they could have ever made. They chained him to the cross, making sure he had no room to even squirm – back bare and completely defenceless as the lashes started to rain over him. Fifty lashes with the Crows’ signature nine-tailed whip was enough to break even hardened warriors, and Kylo himself had delivered even worse punishments than that – he knew exactly how horrendous the damage could be – and they weren’t going easy on him. He knew, also, that fifty lashes might have sounded lenient, but that it was anything but a good sign. A cold bath in the morning; being forced into a large tub of cold, bordering on frozen, water, with his back half shredded to pieces? It could kill him, and it would inevitably severely weaken him. They wanted him broken, defenceless, pliant – and he knew enough to expect this to go on for as long as he refused, or simply as long as they still found it entertaining. Crows were not good people – and those who broke the rules had to pay the price. Kylo’s only chance at escape, his only chance of ever seeing Braith again, was to endure. Somehow, he had to stay alive until they grew bored of the torture and either tried to kill him or threw him out onto the tundra to be ripped apart by whatever predator that might be wandering by. In the worst-case scenario, he’d be crucified. But he had survived worse than this, he told himself as he focused on breathing through each lash of the whip – not screaming even though it took all his energy and strength to hold back – he had survived so much already. This was just another fight, just another test of his will to live, and Kylo Ren was nothing if not determined. He’d survive this, too. He had to. ~*~*~ The group of Southerners currently occupying the guest rooms at Skye Castle found themselves having a collective bad feeling. Something had obviously happened, and they weren’t sure they wanted to know what it was. For the better part of that morning they had been undergoing a thorough and quick education on proper dining and feasting etiquette at Northern courts under Mitaka’s firm but gentle hand. The scribe took his work very seriously, and he would not tolerate any goofing about or laziness, but they all agreed that he was a very good teacher. The fact that he still spoke three different Southern accents fluently helped a lot – the language barrier would hardly help the already tense situation, and no one wanted to be the one to accidentally breach etiquette now that they were being allowed for the first time to dine with the clan. It had been a bit of a shock to them, learning how Mitaka had ended up with clan Hux – and a little unexpected that he rejected outright any possibility of returning to the South. His home was here; clan Hux was his family, and lord Hux not only his ruler but also his friend – he would not trade this for anything. Despite their efforts, he had refused to share more than little grains of information about Kylo. It had frustrated Han, who had apparently been trying to make the man talk more about the Crow since his arrival, but Mitaka explained that this was another part of both religious life and social etiquette here. The Crows were fiercely private creatures, half mortal, half gods; they were sacred, and their lives and secrets were their own until permission was given to share. Kylo was a holy man, a man not like any other, and they had to respect that this was a very serious matter in the North. He shared with them the thing already regarded as ‘common knowledge’ – that Kylo was powerful, highly respected, and revered, both for his supernatural powers and his unparalleled skill in battle. He was well liked for his gentleness and success as a healer, and he judged fairly in all moral and spiritual matters. Moreover, the clanspeople agreed that his loyalty and devotion to his clan was beyond any question, and that his subordinate Crows had grown immensely in both power and spiritual maturity since coming under his command. He was, to put it bluntly, considered the single most treasured individual of the clan – sans, naturally, lord Hux himself. But any other information regarding his personality and relations to the clanspeople, his birds, or the warchief was only for the clan to know. It was for reasons of safety; many a Crow in the old days had been targeted by attacks and attempts at both abduction and murder, made possible by someone’s loose tongue about their personality and habits. The North learned quickly, and – as they had better pray they never had to experience – it took pride in never making a mistake twice. It had been a rather pleasant time, all things considered, and they had all been a bit startled when suddenly a guard had barged right into the room, whispering something very urgently to Mitaka, making his face turn harsh and serious. He’d excused himself with only the most basic of courtesy and hurried to follow the guard. That was hours ago – their midday meal having come and gone, along with some tea and some heavy but delectable sweets – and now they were starting to become genuinely concerned. But it was hardly as if they could find someone to ask. So far, Mitaka was the only one who didn’t seem to mind their company; the rest of the clan still regarded them with open and deep suspicion. Eventually, however, the door to Rey’s room – where they had all been gathered since that morning – was opened, only to reveal a grim looking Mitaka. He motioned for them all to sit down, but did not join them. “I’m afraid you will not be joining the clan for tonight’s dinner,” he said. “You will be served your meal here, and then you are strongly advised to make it an early night. You are leaving tomorrow, at first light.” “What?” The word left Han’s lips in a volume loud enough to almost rattle the windows. “Lord Hux said the younglings were going to be given a few days to rest first! You can’t do this. What in the seven hells is going on here? I demand to see the warchief! He gave his word!” “Get a hold of yourself, captain Solo,” Mitaka replied coldly. “I do not appreciate being yelled at.” He kept his gaze fixed on Han until the other man had sunken back into his seat. “You will not be seeing lord Hux, and I cannot share the reasons with you, as they are a matter of the utmost urgency and secrecy at this point. What I can tell you, is that you will be escorted to the coast by an outfit of our most respected guards and warriors, and once there you will board a ship back to D’Qar. It should be clear to you all that you are expected to comply with these orders, but that even if you fail to do so you will still go to the coast. Do not test my lord’s patience; he will drag you there in chains should he have to.” “…You’re going to war,” Poe breathed, horror blooming on his features as the realization struck him. “Something’s happened and now you’re going to war, and you need us gone by the time it breaks out.” They stared at him in shock, then. Slowly, their heads turned back to Mitaka’s stern figure. “It is not my place to either confirm or deny such theories, commander Dameron,” Mitaka said – and that was all the answer they needed. “Princess Rey,” he said instead. “Your presence here is a threat to our entire people. You must return to your mother’s court post haste, and it is vital – do you understand? – that you see to it that she knows you have not been kept prisoners here, and that no one has laid a single finger on you. For the sake of all the North and South, you must not give her reason to assemble her forces. If she does, we are all doomed.” “What has happened?” Han pleaded. “Has it to with my son? Tell me! Is Kylo in danger? Please , if he is, you must let me help!” “Pack your things,” was all Mitaka offered in reply. “It’s a two-day journey to the coast along the shortest way – and you will be riding as fast as the horses can manage.” The sound of the door closing behind him felt more like a strike of thunder than wood closing against stone – it was the sound of imminent doom, and though they did not say it aloud, they all felt the cold spread through their bones. All they wanted was to see Kylo, to know he was alive and well. To tell him that he was loved and missed. And now they were to hurry back South before they had even fully recovered from the journey, as the sound of war was beginning to echo in the air around them. How could everything have gone so wrong? ~*~*~ It was a battle of will taking place in the lower dungeons; Kylo knew he had to keep silent, had to keep his face from betraying him by giving even the slightest hint of how much it hurt – but he had trained the Crow currently doing her best to sever flesh from bones all over his back. She knew all the tricks, all the little secrets Crows had of taking their minds elsewhere while their bodies suffered, and she knew better than to let him have that respite. If he managed to separate himself from what was happening, then this exercise would be pointless; he was supposed to suffer. Even in this dire situation, Kylo had to give it to her, she had truly taken his training to heart – and had he not been the one under the whip, he would have praised her. As it stood now, however, all he could do was reminding himself to breathe and stay quiet. There was more to it than just punishment. He was the Master of the Knights of Ren – or, at least he had been up until now; his status was no longer clear – and any chance he had of swaying the loyalty of the Crows back to him instead of the Raven was directly and intimately related to how strong they perceived him to be, how deserving of their respect he was. If he broke too soon, he’d be considered weak, a coward, unworthy of both title and respect, and he would have lost any chance at support from anyone who didn’t already pledge their allegiance to him. Having been appointed Master of the Knights without deserving to be was not a small transgression – his death would not be a kind one. The Crows did not tolerate weakness among those that lead them, they made sure to cut any weak link off like they would with a rotting limb – all to ensure the survival of their order. When the final lash had made impact with the bleeding mess that was his back and thighs, they dumped a bucket of water over him. It wasn’t a kindness – they merely wanted a better look at the result of their handiwork, he knew. It stung like a thousand little lightning bolts as the water made its way over than through the gashes made, and he knew they studied him closely for any sign of weakness. He refused to give it – fixing his gaze stubbornly on the stone wall in front of him. The joints in his shoulders and elbows ached like all hells, an icy, sharp sort of pain, only surpassed by the burning, searing, prickling pain of the metal cuffs digging into his wrists where too much of his weight was supported solely by them. His hips, knees and ankles fared better, though it was still far from comfortable to be spread out like he was – and it made it so much more difficult to spare his arms and upper body from the weight of the rest of him. The feeling of the water mixed with his blood and the other liquids from his wounds felt disgusting as it ran in streams and rivulets down over his body, pooling around his feet. It would serve its own purpose – having to stand in wetness like that for hours would do quite the number on his feet, making it even more difficult for him to use them should he try to get away. The slightest little nick could be infected, and he knew that they knew – it was probably why they did it. But, truly, he expected no less. They were trained by him, after all. As they left the dungeons, leaving him in complete darkness, he allowed himself to sag for a moment, the tiniest hint of a whimper escaping him when even that little movement sent a shock-wave of pain through his body, and for a moment, he blanked out completely. ~*~*~ “ Where to now, sister Silass? ” one of Kylo’s subordinate Crows asked, as they had managed to find a quiet corner to catch their breaths – bodies and blood splatter a left a grim trail in their wake. Aya, Silass thought her name was, Kylo’s closest ranking Crow back South. “ Are we really leaving him behind? ” “ We have to ,” she replied. “ Those were his orders. We must protect your clan. That means getting out of here by any means – even if we have to slaughter our way through this entire order .” The Hux clan’s Crows looked at each other, then grasped their weapons tighter, and the Knights were impressed by the fire in their eyes as they nodded as one. “ Lead the way ,” Aya said, and the Knights did. The dark corridors and stairs of the House was a study in madness and carnage – Crows were fighting, dying, fleeing in every direction – the air heavy with the stench of blood and sickness; the ever present shadow of battle. The furious screeching and cawing of the birds outside could be heard even this far into the main building, and though it was certainly not a good sign, it was one they could not afford to linger on until they got there. Gaius took the lead, his giant bulk an effective shield, and Avi and Silass followed closely behind him. Making sure to keep the Hux Crows safe in the middle, the twins and Chava brought up the rear as they fought their way towards the nearest exit. Maul had gone ahead to seek out the safest path possible, his Force presence threat enough even in this madness to give him a better chance at making it through the maze-like complex without being cut down at the first corner. Though it broke all their hearts to kill their own kind – people they had grown up with, trained with, suffered with – they put it out of their minds as best they could. Now was the time for them all to prove where their loyalties lay, and for the Knights there was no higher authority in this world or the next than their master. Wherever Kylo sent them, they would go. If he asked them to burn the world down for him, they would – no Gods, no Raven, not even the Goddess of Death herself, would ever stand in the way of them obeying their master and brother. There had been a time when they had spoken about it, worried that they were being treacherous, disloyal – but now, they knew it had been the only right choice. Kylo Ren served the Gods, and he was prepared to defy the Raven, and even die, for them – he was the only one worthy of their loyalty. The pain would come later, as would the grief, but for now none of that mattered. They had their orders, and they would follow them. ~*~*~ “…. Braith …” The warchief bolted upright in bed as Kylo’s voice broke through the last veils of sleep and allowed him to hear. “ Kylo! ” his thought was loud even in his own mind, the alarm at the brokenness radiating from Kylo’s mind rendering him momentarily unable to control himself. “ Kylo, my love, what’s happening? Are you hurt? ” “… the Raven …” Kylo’s voice felt blurred, weak, as if he was barely clinging to consciousness. “ He betrayed us all… My Knights…they will protect you. They’re coming… Trust-… trust no one else. ” “ The Raven betrayed us? I… I don’t understand. What did he do, Kylo? What did he do to you? ” “ I can’t-… So tired... my Crows will explain. They will keep- keep you safe… I love you. I need… ” “ What do you need, love? Tell me. I’d give you the world, you know it .” “ I need you to tell me- … ” The pain had Hux in tears, and it frightened him like nothing else to know that whatever Kylo felt was even worse. It didn’t seem to be a physical pain as much as an emotional, even spiritual one. His Crow sounded tired, worn, decades older than he should ever have to feel. “ I need you to tell me to-… to live. To come back. I can’t… I have to… I have to hold on to something, everything is… slipping. I’m scared .” Hux felt the tears streaming down his face. The fact that Kylo couldn’t even tell him what was happening, that all he had to go by was all this terrible pain, scared him more than anything he had even experienced in all his years. Kylo wasn’t afraid of death, Hux knew that, but it broke his heart to realize Kylo needed him to tell him to live, because Kylo did not value his own life enough to fight for it for himself. He needed Hux to give him a reason, needed Hux to be his reason. “ Kylo ,” he managed, vaguely aware he was speaking both in his mind and aloud – his voice shattering the suffocating silence of the tower. “ I forbid you from giving up. Do you hear me? I forbid you. I am your warchief and your bonded life partner. You are not allowed to go where I cannot follow you. You are not allowed to die from anything but old age, or die anywhere but in my arms. We go together, Kylo. You will survive this, my love. That is an order. You survive, and you come back to me. There are many more years left for us both, and I will not let you rob me of a single one! Fight, Kylo. Kill them all, and then come home!” There were no more words spoken from Kylo, but Hux could still feel – even as his beloved’s presence slipped away from him again – that Kylo would do as he was told. He would come back, but Hux could only pray that the man who returned would be the same man as he had held in his arms that last night, whose dark hazel eyes had swum with tears from the love he’d felt for Hux. He prayed. But he knew better than to hope. Notes: I am so sorry for the long wait! I have no excuses at all - life just roundhouse kicked me in the face, and left my energy levels so low it's not even funny. This chapter was also very difficult to write, due to the hefty amount of angst in it. Usually it's not a problem for me, but when I'm really stressed out, my ability to shield myself from the heavier stuff is really weakened, so I made myself sad a lot. Don't get me wrong; it's worth it - it just makes everything take so much longer. Also, as I have been getting a few questions over at Tumblr, let me take the opportunity to tell those of you who are also following Lullabies not to worry. The fic is not abandoned. I have a plan for it, and it will be finished, but for now I have to prioritize in order to remain sane. But if you like modern au's, you can always hop on over to Empire State of Mind , which is a lovely, fluffy little thing I'm working on together with the absolutely brilliant @thegoodlannister. It's updated on a fairly regular basis, and if you like sweet love stories with a dash of angst, then I think you'll like that one. Until next time, you are as always more than welcome to come over to tumblr and yell at me about the fic, life, the universe, or whatever else you want to chat about :) And, as always, your comments are the fuel that keeps my writing going, so do take a minute to tell me what you thought, yeah? See you next update, lovelies! Chapter 18 : We Few Shall Carry Hope Notes: Trigger warnings for this chapter: graphic descriptions of gore, semi-graphic/graphic torture, emetophobia, drowning, non-consensual touching, humiliation, verbal abuse, injuries, death of animal, xenophobia, mentions of slavery, mentions of genocide, mentions of occupation, mentions of colonization. If any of these subjects are triggering to you, I advise you to skip this chapter. I will gladly provide anyone who needs it with a trigger-free summary over on tumblr. Please proceeed with caution, and enjoy your reading. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “But you can’t do this!” Rey protested, as they were herded out to the main courtyard to saddle up. Dawn had barely even began tearing open the dark veil of the night sky, and the cold was brutal against their faces as they stepped out of the warmth of the great hall. “Please, lord Hux! He’s my brother – my only brother! Please, I… I don’t want him harmed, I swear! I just need to see him! Please! Will you not listen?” Lord Hux, however, seemed utterly unmoved by her pleas as he followed closely behind the guards as they more or less dragged her towards the horses. The warchief looked worn, ragged, as if the weight of this world and the next had somehow come to fall on his shoulders alone, and there was a darkness in his green eyes that made Rey feel a kind of deep-rooted, instinctual fear the like of which she’d never even thought existed. He looked more demon than man, had it not been for the tinge of unspeakable sorrow hanging around his silhouette. “Listen?” he scoffed. “To a spoiled girl, barely old enough to have her bleedings? A princess without knowledge or experience of the world outside the rose-tinted bubble of her mother’s court?” He fixed that powerful gaze on hers, and Rey had never felt more like a prey caught in a predator’s line of sight. “You may have caused a war by means of your unparalleled stupidity alone, and there are far worse things in this world, you silly girl, than your mother and her unrestrained bloodlust. What you want, and what you think you – or anyone else – needs, is worth less than a spot of mud on my boots. You want to help? You want your brother unharmed? Then be a good, obedient, proper princess, and go home to your mother and make sure her armies never set foot outside your borders. The amount of blood you will otherwise have on your hands will be too much for any god – yours or ours – to ever look past.” He finally let his gaze move on, and she sagged slightly. “We all have duties, princess. You will return to yours, or so help me, I will have you dragged back there chained and gagged. I will not allow my people to suffer due to the whims of one stupid, spoiled, child .” With that, he turned to her father, who looked as pale as Rey felt, but who seemed at least able to maintain a semblance of calm. The two men looked at each other in silence for a long time – the entire courtyard, even the birds – dead silent, too frightened to break it. “I will protect my Crow against anyone who dares threaten him,” lord Hux said, tone suggesting that they had spoken on this subject before. “And I will slay the Gods themselves if I need to. Unlike you, I will not abandon him even in death. Do not stand in our way, Han Solo, and do not let that queen of yours attempt it either. She has threatened one we hold sacred, and there is not a warchief in these lands who wouldn’t take her head off on my behalf – and I’d reward them handsomely for it too, you mark my words. Do not think I’m the only one you have to worry about.” Han nodded, and Rey could see that he fully believed every word. Coming from any other man, she would probably have thought it boasting, empty threats to throw at them in hopes of avoiding confrontation – but here and now, with the look in lord Hux’ eyes, and the chilling emptiness of his voice? Rey did not doubt for a moment that he was capable and willing of everything he’d said, and more. “I’ll do my best to make her see reason, lord Hux,” Han said. “But I can make no promises. She is the queen, and I’m merely her paramour. My word only carries what weight she allows it to.” He sighed, frowning. “But I must ask you, lord Hux – if Kylo returns, please tell him we were here. Tell him I regret nothing in my life more than what I did to him, and that he is loved. If he can’t- If he can’t forgive me, I will understand.” Lord Hux nodded, and then he simply turned on his heel and returned inside. The Southerners were helped into the saddles, and the assigned guards – a good twenty of them – formed a wall around them as they nudged their horses into a light trot. As soon as they had crossed the bridge, they set off in a gallop that had Rey clinging on for dear life to her horse. She wasn’t at all used to these enormous, powerful beasts the Northerners called horses, and it felt like having a thunderstorm barely contained underneath her. Skye Castle was rapidly disappearing behind them, and some part of Rey was glad for it; the North was indeed a harsh land with an even harsher people – but another part of her dreaded seeing the familiar shores of D’Qar again. Though her stay in the North had been brief – cut short far sooner than she’d thought or hoped it would – she came away with so much more knowledge, so many insights, shocks, and realizations it sent her head spinning. The Northerners had turned out to be a far cry from the brutish, violent heathens she’d read about growing up. Certainly, their culture was like nothing she’d ever experienced before, but it was hardly a negative thing. Over all, they were a harsh people, yes, but they also filled their lives with so much colour, music, joy, complex philosophical and ethical teachings, and a raw acceptance of whatever life brought their way that she envied. D’Qar felt like the height of shallowness and arrogance in comparison – all its riches merely for bragging, its philosophy and creeds only tools to re-establish the already rock solid belief of themselves as the superior people. The Northerners did indeed hate the South with a passion that could burn the mountains – that part was most definitely true – but the reason… Oh, the reason was one Rey couldn’t fault – not when she’d had even that tiny little sip of it during their journey. How could they not hate those who sook to extinguish their entire way of life, those who had already tried several times in the past, those who had come marching to burn villages and steal children from their parents and make them choose slavery or death? How could one not hate those who came to kill the Gods they loved? While the North had blood on its own collective hands, a fact they never either denied or bragged about – merely stated it as fact, with a shrug and a moment of silence for those who had fallen – Rey struggled to remember learning about any major military campaigns from the North towards the South where similar measures had been taken. She couldn’t see how the God of Mornings could condone such things – had always believed her mother when she’d said Rey would understand when she was older – but now she wasn’t so sure. Her mind was in turmoil as her entire view of it, everything she’d ever held as truth and fact was crumbling and re-shaping – all because of this one journey. How was she ever going to be able to face her mother like this? How could she face her queen with such doubt in her heart? ~*~*~ The royal city of D’Qar was a flurry of activity as the royal army began preparing for a campaign the like of which had not been seen in history. They were marching for the North – tasked to claim all land between D’Qar and the great Northern Glaciers for their Queen and country – with winter approaching quicker each day, and an army consisting mostly of people who had never even seen snow. But if anyone had their doubts, they kept them to themselves, careful not to even whisper a word of it. The Queen had ears and eyes everywhere, and she did not take well to people questioning her decisions. The high command merely wished they knew why they were doing this; it was hard to face their legions and raise that necessary conquering spirit without some noble goal other than ‘march until you find the glaciers, and kill everyone on the way’. The North had been mostly keeping to themselves for decades now, showing no interest in Southerners or their affairs, apart from the occasional traders and sailors, or the few who had arrived in D’Qar after having married someone of Southern birth. What matter could there be that was pressing enough that they could not wait until spring? Queen Leia herself was currently sitting on her private patio, biting the nail of her thumb – an anxious habit she’d picked up in childhood and then never managed to fully get rid of. It had already been so many weeks now, since she’d last heard from Han – his last message had been sent from the last garrison before the Middle Lands, and since then there had been nothing but silence. No birds, no couriers, nothing . She tried reminding herself that this was Han; he’d been lost without a trace for months and months many times before, and always came back to her – smiling, apologizing for taking so long, and offering her gifts to placate her. He could fend for himself, and so could Chewie, and together they had a good chance at making it through almost anything. She could only hope that ‘almost anything’ also included her treacherous bastard son. Who knew what that Crow could do to them? He’d slaughtered over a dozen when he was a wee boy – there was no telling what he would be capable of now that he was a grown man, trained by those midnight-clad monsters. But her worry about her lover was nothing at all compared to the worry she felt about her daughter. Leia could scarcely believe Rey capable of such stupidity, but the short note left on her bedside table proved beyond any doubt that the girl had let her emotions get the better of her, and she had actually run away to ‘go find her brother’. As if there was anything to find! Had she not listened to a word her teachers had told her over the years? How could she possibly think she could go in search of a Crow – a child killer – and come away from it with her life? Not to mention all the horrid things the ordinary Northerners could do to her if they found out who she was! A Southern princess travelling without her guard? It was like serving herself up on a plate to those savages. In the end, Leia couldn’t risk it. Marching for the North in the winter was terribly dangerous, but she had faith in her army, and having her heir presumably captured in strange land was valid enough reason for her to begin the campaign she’d already been planning. Regardless of whether they found Rey or not, the North would fall, and their filthy, primitive way of life stamped out of history once and for all. Leia would see to it that she went down in history as the woman who finally brought the Great Northern Realm to its knees before her. If nothing else, she’d make sure any last scratch on her daughter’s skin was avenged a hundred times over. They would be made to regret it if they laid so much as a finger on the Crown Princess of House Organa. ~*~*~ Dawn greeted the Knights of Ren and their companions several leagues away from the House of Night, as they were cleaning their swords and got back in their saddles for Gods alone knew what time in a row. The Crows were leaving the House like plague stricken rats abandoning a sinking ship to spread their vile disease everywhere they went – and the Knights, along with master Maul, and the Hux Crows were fair game; their siding with the treacherous bastard of a master they had meant a bountiful reward to whoever claimed their heads. The trail of corpses left in their wake became broader with each passing league, but so far they’d all escaped without so much as a scratch. The Knights didn’t need their weapons to kill, and a large flock of birds had broken free from the Mother-flock to follow them, and their attacks were nothing if not vicious. The Hux Crows had everything to lose, and they fought with a ferocity and ruthlessness that impressed even Maul, despite the fact that a few of them were well past their sixtieth winter. They would not show mercy to anyone who dared threaten their clan, and they would not bring shame upon master Ren by not fighting with every last little bit of strength they had. He had done so much for them, and they would see to it that they paid him back in kind – at least they would not break the sacred traditions. They would honour their warchief’s Crow, or die trying. By the time they had finally gotten their horses saddled and made sure Askr could run free, even they – hardened and experienced warriors that they were – had begun flinching at the slightest movement in the shadows. There had been too many sudden glints of sharp blades going for their chests, bellies, throats – coming seemingly out of nowhere, as if the shadows themselves had come to life. In this fight, everyone was reduced to prey, and their clothes were so thoroughly soaked in blood and other bodily fluids by the time they reached the stable that not only were their own horses reluctant to allow them close enough to saddle them, but the fabric of their robes was so heavy it was difficult to move. As the blood started to coagulate and freeze in the blistering cold of the night it only became more so, and they knew they had no room for delays – they had to make it through the gates as soon as possible, before anyone caught up with them. Skye Castle was many days of hard riding away, and they had to make certain that they’d reach it alive. They were under order to protect lord Hux at any cost, and they had to push any other thought, any fears, any bad feelings away – keeping their gazes fixed at the horizon, and praying that if the Gods would show them this one kindness, to allow them to carry out their master’s orders. They knew only too well that those may well have been the last orders he’d ever give them, and the thought was anything but comforting as they drove the horses on as hard as they dared. Hope was for children, and they had all left such silly notions behind many years ago. Hope had no place in a heart clad in midnight; the Crows saw the world for what it was, no more, no less. And in this moment, it was all coming apart, cowering under force of an oncoming storm, and defenceless against it if the Knights failed in protecting the one man whom their master trusted to keep them all safe. If master Kylo believed in lord Hux, then so did they, and the world could end before they’d ever fail their master. Then, a hidden root under the snow, and Aya’s horse went tumbling – sending her flying to the ground, landing hard. Gaius jumped off his own horse, picked her up and put her in his saddle, as Vilya went over to the still form of Aya’s chestnut coloured horse. She put a gentle hand on its side, closed her eyes for a moment, then sighed and shook her head. “I’m sorry, sister,” she said. “She’s dead. Her neck snapped.” Aya, pale from pain and fear, nodded but said nothing. She had an ugly bruise forming on the right side of her face, and she was nursing her left arm. Chava brought her horse closer so she could have a look – but it hardly took a master healer to tell it was broken, or at least badly dislocated. There were probably other injuries as well, but they would require a closer inspection they simply did not have time for at that moment. “Broken,” she informed the others. “One less sword-hand. We’ll have to be more careful now.” “And two people on one horse will be slower, no matter how we look at it,” Erris frowned. “But perhaps, brother, if you can help her over onto Avi’s horse it might be a little easier on the poor animal than if she shares yours.” Gaius shared a look with Maul, then shook his head and grabbed his signature quarter-staff from its hooks on his saddle. “Someone take her reins,” he said. “As long as she can hold on, she’ll be able to keep up.” “I can help tie her to the saddle,” Vilya nodded. “It’ll be risky in case we get attacked again, but at least she won’t be in danger of falling off in the event of her passing out.” She bit her lip, worry making her forehead crease as she got to work securing the older Crow to the saddle. “But what about you, brother?” she asked. “You’re a good runner, but not that good.” “Gaius Ren,” Silass growled – always the quickest one to read her older brother’s intentions. “You had better not be thinking what I think you’re thinking!” “I’m going back,” he confirmed. “I know we have our orders, but he is my little brother, and he can be as angry with me as he wishes – later . But I cannot live with myself if I don’t at least try to free him.” He looked at the gathered Crows. “And let’s face it, I’m the largest and strongest one of us, and I’m a good healer. If anyone has a chance of actually getting him to Skye Castle alive and in one piece, it’s me. I can carry him all the way there, should I need to.” He nodded to Maul. “I know you’ve been thinking the same, master,” he said. “But I must respectfully ask you to let me be the one to save him from the cold this time. They need you to lead them now. And I think lord Hux needs your advice more than anyone’s. Please.” Maul nodded, a shadow of a smile tugging at his lips before it disappeared again. “I trust you, my hatchling,” he said. “But if either one, or both of you dies, I will personally descend through the seven hells and drag you by your braids back up here. Do you understand? We cannot lose Kylo or you. You must both come back to us.” Gaius bowed his head, and without waiting for a response, Maul took the reins to his horse and motioned for them to take off. Farewells weren’t necessary, and it wasn’t their way. Such phrases meant little to those who could still speak while in opposite ends of the world. No one said it aloud, or even in thought, but they were all secretly relieved that someone was going back to retrieve Kylo. If something were to befall him, they all knew they would never be able to live with the knowledge that they left him behind. Gaius was right; he could be mad at them later, when this was all over and they were once again sitting safely by a fire, drinking tea and gossiping. For now, he’d have to forgive them their disobedience. Alone, Gaius turned and headed back towards the house. It was a long walk by foot, and he could only pray that when he did arrive his little brother would still be alive. It was a small blessing to him, that out of the seven Knights, he had always been the most talented at cloaking his presence; hopefully, he’d make it back without too many incidents. He did not worry too much about his own safety – not many Crows ever dared to go up against him even before he took the trials and joined the Knights – but he was sick with worry about Kylo. By now, he had most certainly already begun to be tortured; it was their ways, after all, and the longer they continued, the less chance he would have of making it even a league away from the House before the cold or his injuries finally claimed his life. If they had decided to execute him… No, Gaius refused to even think it. His brother would not be helped by him succumbing to despair. Until he saw otherwise with his own two eyes, Kylo was alive. He had to be. The Gods could not abandon their child. Not this child. Not like this. If they did, Gaius thought, they were no Gods of his. ~*~*~ The cold water was the single most painful thing Kylo had ever felt as he was carelessly thrown into the large wooden tub, and held under until he came dangerously close to losing consciousness. They wouldn’t allow him that respite, though. Throughout the night, they’d come around his cell to poke and prod at him, poke at his wounds with fingers dipped in salt – little acts of cruelty made to ensure he found no rest and no time to recover. They pulled him up by the hair, allowed a few gulping breaths, then shoved him back under, making him swallow water and cough on it. The panic rose hot in his blood, and he had to use whatever self-discipline he might still possess to avoid giving into it. If he did, he would drown for certain. Once they were satisfied with their little game, his tormentors hauled him out, laid him flat on his belly and forced the water out of him. They weren’t planning to stop yet, that much was clear – if they had been, they would have let him drown. But then he remembered; the Raven had ordered them to keep him alive until he said otherwise, and as they bound his hands behind his back again, half-dragging him by his upper arms up the stairs from the dungeons, he knew it could still get far worse than this. Snoke had never been known for his forgiving nature, and while Kylo would have labelled him strict but fair a year ago, he had no such illusions now. There was nothing fair about this – this was petty revenge, this was kicking a dog for barking at thunder, this was just… cruelty . They hadn’t even given him a cloth to wrap around himself to protect his modesty – instead they dragged him the long way around to the Hall of Visions, his naked body on full display for anyone to see. It was humiliating, and fully intentional, he knew that. The great master of the Knights of Ren, naked and bloody, dragged through the filth and piles of corpses – reduced to nothing more than a creature, a disobedient pet. Kylo could do little but try to keep himself from throwing up at the sight and stench of all the dead bodies – this wasn’t even mayhem this was… He had no words for the horrifying sight of the mangled remains, the heaps of bones, muscles, entrails, and dark fabrics that had once been his family. Crow were terrifying warriors, yes – but they fought with grace, their forms elegant and dance-like. This was just… savage. His tormentors paid it no attention, and that only made it worse. Instead they amused themselves with poking and prodding at him, commenting on everything from the size of his nipples to the small growth of hair covering his crotch, making crude jokes, and speculating about how often his warchief used his body, and if he even needed preparations anymore or if he’d gotten as loose and easily claimed down there as he obviously had when it came to his loyalty. Lord Hux must be very well equipped if all it took for the great master Ren to become as soft as a spoiled concubine was a few months of spreading his legs for that man. Kylo fought the anger rising in him at their jabs; he couldn’t afford to let it take over, not with how weakened he already was. He needed his strength to face the Raven, and there were bigger things at stake than his own reputation and respectability. If they wanted to believe that Hux used him as a glorified pleasure slave at all hours of the day, then he would let them. It wasn’t worth wasting precious energy on, and though it was humiliating to have his body so invaded – with hands touching and groping in places they had no right to touch, places even Hux was careful about caressing – he reminded himself that he’d survived worse. His body was just a body, just a tool, a thing – a shell . It wasn’t him, and their tainted touches would never manage to stain even one inch of him . By their behaviour, they proved his superiority, his purity, his worthiness. They were insects, he told himself. Nothing more. Stupid, shallow, unworthy. The Gods would punish them all; they always did, and when that day came, Kylo would be there to witness their demise – he’d make sure of it. The smoke-shape of Snoke was already there when they arrived, Kylo carelessly thrown to the floor in front of the looming figure. With his hands tied behind his back the way they were, with his body so weak from the abuse it had already suffered, Kylo did not even attempt to rise to his knees, to move even an inch. He lay there, waiting – it was as much defiance as he could display for now. Snoke took his time, Kylo could feel his gaze burn against his skin, and when he finally spoke, the amusement at Kylo’s debasement was evident in his oily voice. “Get him to his knees,” he ordered the others. One of them, the woman coveting his King’s chain, hurried to do as she was told, and Kylo finally met his former master’s eerie dark eyes. “It pains me, truly, to see you reduced to such a state,” he said, though the smile tugging at his thin lips belied the sentiment entirely. “If you have one flaw, my hatchling, it is your pride. I thought I had beaten it out of you, but it seems to rear its head at the most inconvenient times.” He reached out, the smoke-shape hand strangely cold and slimy against Kylo’s skin, and he shivered with disgust. Snoke chuckled darkly. “Even though you’ve disappointed me greatly, my precious pet, I am willing to be… lenient with you if you cease this childish behaviour. Now, will you do as you are told, or shall I have to be rough with you after all?” “I refuse,” Kylo said, voice ragged and broken, but not defeated. He spat at the floor – the bloody glob landing right in front of Snoke’s shadowy feet. Being prepared for the pain did nothing at all to lessen the impact of it, and this time not even Kylo’s immense self-control could stop the scream from echoing off the walls in the enormous room. The air crackled and spark like lightning around him, burning and ice cold at the same time as it assaulted every fibre of his body, making his heart constrict in a way that had him almost sure he’d die right then and there. Then, it stopped, and Kylo could do nothing but lie there, flat on his face, panting like a fish on dry land. “Will you obey?” “No.” He more breathed the word than spoke it, but the new wave of agony that seized him told him they’d heard it well enough. Everything became a blur, the echoes of his own screams and Snoke’s amused chuckles sounding as if they came from somewhere else, somewhere far away, and he couldn’t think for the pain – it felt like ice shards and red-hot iron rushing through his blood, his muscles, and weakened as he was, he was powerless against it. Every now and then, the agony would stop, and Snoke would repeat his question. Kylo refused him each time, and the torture began once more. He would not give in! Would not let himself be broken by this foul demon who dared call himself their leader. Even if he’d wanted to give in, even if the temptation had been there, he still would not do it. Because somewhere outside the House were his family, his Knights, his mentor, and he knew that for every moment he kept Snoke’s attention on himself they had another moment to get themselves as far away from this godsforsaken tundra. The more distance they could cover before Snoke realized where they were headed, the better their chances at making it. If Kylo had to die here, naked and humiliated, covered in his own vomit from when the pain had gripped his belly and forced it to turn on itself, then so be it. He made this sacrifice of his own free will, and he would go to the halls of his ancestors without shame as long as he knew that he’d kept his loved ones safe. And so he focused on the one thing he could still do, put every last ounce of will and strength into it as he met every last order to obey with the one word he could still manage to speak. “Obey!” Snoke demanded. And Kylo said no. Notes: This fic is like playing a strategy game; so many things need to come together at the exact right moment in order to progress and win. But hey, at least the pieces are starting to move around the gameboard! That's always something, right? I know many of you are probably wondering why there was such a tiny amount of Hux in this chapter, and all I can say about that is: plot reasons - and yes, I know that that is a very frustrating answer^^ And Kylo is not in a good place at all right now, but at least big brother Gaius is coming to rescue him. Anyway, I hope all of you lovelies will have a very nice New Year's, and that 2017 will be a better year for all of us. But before you go, do take a moment to tell me what you think. Your comments are the fuel that keeps this fic going, and I adore you all for sending them. As always, my askbox on tumblr is open should you have any questions, further comments, or just feel the need to yell at me a bit. But please, don't yell too much - I am smol and frighten easily. See you next year! Chapter 19 : For the Sake of Those Whom I Love Notes: Trigger Warnings: Graphic description of character death, graphic description of suicide, description of torture, abuse, grief/mourning, emetophobia, mentions of corpses/dead bodies, mentions of alcohol abuse, mentions of dead bodies being eaten by animals. If any of these subjects are triggering or squicking to you, I strongly advise you to skip this chapter! I cannot stress the need to heed these tags enough! Do not read on if this is in any way damaging to your health or well-being! I will happily give you a trigger free summary of the chapter over on Tumblr if you need it. Any further reading is at your own risk! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Hours had passed. The world had shrunk down into an endless pattern of pain-demands-refusal-pain, and Kylo was struggling to cling to his consciousness. It was no longer just those sickening waves of agony – those Kylo knew would have looked like streaks of lightning in the gloom of the hall had Snoke been here in person – though they were almost too much on their own, weakened and exhausted as he was. Snoke’s mind was like a battering ram, pounding against his own, trying to find a crack, a way in, trying to tear through it like he had done many times before. Well rested and at full health, it would not have been difficult to resist it now that he knew he should, but at his present state he knew it was only a matter of time before he broke through, forced himself into Kylo’s head, where he would undoubtedly be able to find the means to reach Maul, the Knights, and – Gods forbid – Braith. There was no telling what he’d do to them, what he could do to them. Snoke’s power had been the stuff of legends even before he was made Raven; once the Master of the Knights himself, he’d been one of the most powerful Crows in history – and who knew how much more powerful he could have gotten now, after decades and decades of uninterrupted studying and practicing the ways of the Force? Kylo had to keep him out. Not forever, because he knew he would never be able to, but for as long as possible – to give them as much time as he could. And he knew, though he would never have told any of them – not even Braith – that his chances of surviving this were very slim. He had meted out enough punishments on Snoke’s behalf to know just how merciless this… this creature was. Nature was cruel, the Gods equally so, and the Crows had always followed their example with the utmost devotion. A part of him regretted reaching for Braith, regretted asking him to give Kylo a reason to hold on. It had been a moment of incredible weakness, and now he had made a promise he knew he would be unable to keep. It had been a selfish request, but in the end he could not make himself truly regret it. That promise was currently all that stood between him and a violation of a degree there were not words to describe. Not just of his soul, but the souls of all those whom he cared about. He could not let it happen! “Look at you,” Snoke spat, his patience obviously having worn thin at last, as he ceased the torment. It was only for a moment, and they both knew. “Kylo Ren. No. Just Kylo. The name of Ren is an honour you are no longer worthy of. A filthy, weak traitor of the Gods – that is all you are. To think I had such hopes for you. Look at you now.” Kylo knew how he must look. Blood flowing from his nose and ears, sickness staining the skin around his mouth, clinging to his body in disgusting yellowish stains that stung almost as bad as Snoke’s punishment. He was glad he had at least not had enough water during the last day, or he would have pissed himself too by now. His dark hair was stained just as bad as the rest of him was, caked with blood and vomit, slick against his face and neck, tousled from where it had rubbed against the floor in his spasms. The tears had irritated his eyes to the point where he could barely pry them open anymore, and his fingertips were bloody, open wounds from scraping and scratching against the hard stones of the floor. Snoke made a clicking noise at the back of his throat, and Kylo’s heart skipped a beat. He knew all too well that that sound meant the Raven had just managed to put him in the exact place he wanted him – exhausted, weakened, vulnerable. His time had just run out. “I grow weary of your incessant disobedience,” Snoke said, leaning closer, until his shrunken, disfigured face was inches away from Kylo’s. “You are, despite your betrayal, a Crow. Your life belongs to me, to this order. As long as you draw breath, you are bound by oath to obey me. Perhaps your own life matters little to you, but what about the lives of your Knights? Your birds? Your beloved warchief? You can’t resist me forever, Kylo. I will find my way into your soul, and I will find them through your bond. If you do not obey me, I will slaughter them, one by one , until you do as you are told.” A smile spread over that horrid mimicry of a face, and Kylo’s blood turned to ice. “The only way for you to break free from your vow of servitude is death. And if you give in, if you let the Goddess come for you… who, then, will protect them? The choice is simple, Kylo. Either you yield to me – losing a warchief, but gaining more power than you ever thought possible – and keep your Knights and your birds safe. Or you die, and gain your freedom, but sign their death sentences. Powerful they may be, your Knights, but not powerful enough. You know this. You know they will not survive without you. Life or death, Kylo. The choice is yours.” Kylo was pulled to his knees, gaze still held firmly locked to Snoke’s. Something was laced in his hands, his fingers wrapping around a familiar shape. His ceremonial knife. The tool he had used to sacrifice more people than he could recount since he took the midnight all those years ago. His own knife . He should feel terrified, angry, desperate – he knew that. But all he felt as he gripped the knife as tight as he could, was peace, calm, triumph . Snoke had not realized the full extent of his Knights’ powers. He thought them weak, thought they would not manage without Kylo there to guide them. He thought them puppets, mindless soldiers – useless without a firm commander leading the way. How could he have been so blind? He was the Raven, how was it possible that he had underestimated them so? They were all fairly young, yes, and it had been centuries since all of the Knights of Ren had been so close in age to one another – but Snoke should know better than to equate youth with weakness. After all, he had sought Kylo out when he was too young to even speak properly – drawn, he had said, by his power. The Knights would live – Kylo knew it down to his very core. They would live, and they would fight – and Gods help anyone who stood in their way, because he knew that his Knights could tear the world apart if they wished it. And if Kylo died, they might just do that. It was Braith that worried him. His beloved warchief, the missing part of his soul, his home… He would survive, and he would not go down without a fight. No matter how much he would wish to follow Kylo into the seven hells, his sense of duty towards his clan and his children would keep him alive. He would never forgive his Crow for going where he could not follow, but they were facing something far greater than themselves, and sacrifices had to be made. If Kylo’s death could save them, or at least buy them some time, then he had a duty to ensure that they were given that time. All he could hope for was that one day, Braith would understand. That one day, Braith would be happy again. But how he wished he could have seen him, one last time. Wished he could have one last night, one last kiss, one last moment. But fate had decided otherwise, and Kylo knew better than to hold on to wishes that could never come true. Too weak to speak aloud now, he sent his words out through the Force, loud enough for everyone in the room to hear as he gripped the knife harder. “I refuse.” Summoning the last bit of strength in his dying body, Kylo took aim, eyes fixed on his former master. His knife was sharp enough to cut through stone – Kylo had always taken good care of his tools – and it slid effortlessly through skin and muscles, embedding itself into his heart. Kylo’s eyes fell shut, and his hands fell away from the handle as he collapsed to his side. … And then there was only darkness. ~*~*~ A few leagues away, a sudden wave of pain sent Gaius to his knees. Something inside his soul snapped, and he was powerless to stop the scream from ripping through him – tearing the quiet air apart. Forcing himself back onto his feet, he started running – faster than he had ever run before. ~*~*~ At Skye Castle, the birds had been restless for several days. The air was positively crackling with the force of their anxiousness. Then, just as the sun began to set, they erupted in a scream of such primal agony it shattered windows and glass goblets, forcing the humans of the castle to drop anything in their hands to cover their ears in hopes to keep their hearing. The birds screamed, and screamed, and screamed. And then silence fell. ~*~*~ In the Crow’s tower, warchief Hux suddenly clutched at his heart, going deathly pale before collapsing on the floor – a cry of his beloved’s name escaping him before his consciousness fled him. ~*~*~ Many leagues away from Skye Castle, the group of Southerners and their guards were just sitting back up in the saddles, having finished a quick meal at the inn of one of the many small villages that lay scattered about the landscape. The horses they’d arrived here on would stay here, and while the group had been occupied with eating new horses had been brought out and saddled for them. No one had thought it strange when Lady Mai had demanded new horses, and Rey could only assume this was a normal occurrence here. It made sense, she supposed, seeing as the Hux clan’s territory spanned over such huge distances. Travelling across it would take far too long if one stuck to one horse, but with the option to change horses in every new village the journey would be much quicker. And Lady Mai had left absolutely no room to doubt that this was, indeed, a journey to be completed as fast as possible. She was so tired it was difficult to even sit up straight in the saddle, but her inquiry about stopping to sleep for a few hours had been met with nothing but a raised eyebrow and a snort. They could rest when they were safely aboard the ship, she’d been informed. Lord Hux had said ‘as fast as the horses could carry them’, and they would obey. If the Southerners had a problem with that, it was their own problem. With that, they had been ushered into the saddles, and then lead off in a thunderous gallop almost before they’d had a chance to properly grip the reins. Han and Chewie were the only ones out of their little group who seemed unperturbed by the haste – they merely glanced at each other, shrugged, and got in their saddles. But then again, they had been on journey like this one – and certainly worse ones, too – since long before Rey, Poe, or Finn had even been born. The prospect of being able to visit an actual Northern city was, she had to admit to herself, rather exciting, and Rey focused on that thought to get her through the following hours. Of course, there had to be cities even in the North, but so far, she had no idea what they might look like. They did not quite seem to categorize them the same way as the South did. What was here referred to simply as ‘villages’ would have been labelled towns, or – in some cases – as garrisons. They were all encircled by either thick stonewalls, or menacing palisades, and though they were larger in size than what Rey thought fitting for something labelled a ‘village’, they were also very densely built-up – as if the houses huddled together for protection against whatever evils roamed outside the walls. Whitehaven was, as far as she had understood, a merchant city, which should suggest that its inhabitants were used to the presence of foreigners and she wished they had more time so she could have had an opportunity to explore it. The guards had talked amongst themselves, and she’d heard a mention of a ‘Lady Hux’, but it had been impossible to tell if the lady in question was a relative of Lord Hux – a sister perhaps, or an aunt – or if it was his wife. But nothing Han had told her had indicated that the warchief was married, and she was glad. It would have been too cruel of him to bind her brother to him if he still had a wife. But the way they spoke about the told Rey that, whoever she was, she was highly respected – revered, even. Maybe, if there was time, she could offer them some insights into the mind of Lord Hux – something that would make Rey’s task so much easier. Convincing her mother of anything was difficult even at the best of times, and during times like this it was likely less challenging to turn the tides than make the queen change her mind. Rey needed any last little speck of advantage she could gain. She did not doubt that she could have learn many helpful things, given a little time – but, as fate would have it, time was the one thing they no longer had. ~*~*~ It was only Maul’s rock solid grip on their wills and their promise to their master that kept the Knights and the Hux Crows on their path. The pain had nearly thrown them off of their horses, Avi was crying themselves into utter exhaustion – having had to be transferred over to Erris’ horse in order to stay in the saddle at all – and the others were not much better off. Chava raged and fought against Maul’s hold on her until he had smacked her hard enough across the cheek to shock her into silence and compliance. At least she would acknowledge and handle it in a healthy way – unlike her siblings, Chava usually reacted strongly at first, then settled. The same could not be said for the rest of them. Silass and Vilya both looked for all like they had been turned to stone, staring blankly into nothing, not seeming to notice the presence of anyone around them. They would come out of it soon, but in their own ways. Silass would pretend nothing was wrong, carrying her grief deep inside her, only bringing it out when she thought no one saw. Vilya would turn destructive, taking her pain out on anything and anyone unfortunate enough to stand in her way. Erris cried silent tears into Avi’s white hair, focusing on comforting his distraught sibling instead of on his own grief – he would break later, Maul knew. He always did. Erris and Gaius both tended to ignore their own pain until they were certain that their siblings were alright, and only then would they allow themselves to grieve. Gaius usually went on a journey, preferring to vent his emotions in peace. Erris, on the other hand, would shut himself away with only hard liquor for company for a good week, until he had hit some form of bottom from which he could begin to climb back up. They would have to watch him closely – Erris was not a friendly drunk, and Kylo was his master and hero. This could go all sorts of wrong, especially with how upset Avi was. There was something there; Maul could feel it – some sort of bond, tension, between Erris and Avi that was different from their bond of Knighthood. He would have to make further inquiries later, but this was obviously something Kylo had allowed to grow, and so it must have some good to it. Avi had their face buried against Erris’ chest, clinging on to him like some overgrown teasel – too engulfed in their grief to form words. Maul had never seen the youngest Knight this upset, so he had no idea of how to handle them, but he made a note to himself to watch them closely none the less. The Hux Crows were no match for his strong grip on the Force, and they sat like a collection of dolls in their saddles, eyes on the horizon, blindly following his lead. Though he felt unease at the thought of having to do this to Kylo’s Crows, he also knew there was no other way – they were too distraught to be trusted with the control of their own bodies at the moment. It was better to let their souls process in the safety of a blank mind than to risk them doing something foolish. He might not be able to keep as firm a hold on the Knights as he would have wanted, but these Crows would not be thinking a single thought of their own until he felt they were ready for it. But it was not without tears of his own that he led the group further south. Kylo had been his hatchling to a far deeper level than he had ever been anyone else’s – Maul could even admit that over the years he had come to view the younger Crow less like an apprentice and more like his own son. It wasn’t allowed, he knew that, but it was the truth. It mattered little to him what anyone thought of it, Kylo was his child, and Maul was his father – if the Gods had disapproved of it, they would have made it known long ago – and to feel his Force presence fade, then completely disappear in one sharp cut through his soul, had hurt more than anything Maul had ever felt in all his long years. His mind rebelled against the thought of Kylo no longer being among them, refused to entertain the notion that his child was dead, alone, left behind among the heaps of corpses as if he was mere garbage. It could not be. It simply could not be . Kylo would not let that happen. There had to be something else going on, something too deep in the web of the Force for even him to access. Kylo Ren could not be dead. If he was, then the Gods had failed him, and if the Gods had failed him, then they were no Gods of Maul’s. But still, as frantically as he searched the Force for a sign – any sign – the place in his soul that had always held that fiery, beautiful presence remained cold and empty. As far as the Force seemed concerned, Kylo Ren, master of the Knights of Ren, child of Death, and the strongest Crow to walk the world in generations, was dead. Nothing good could come of this. ~*~*~ It was night again, when Gaius finally made it back to the House of Night – no moon or stars to light his way, only clouds and shadows. There were still Crows leaving, though not as many as there must have been in the first hours after the Raven had delivered his order, but he still had to be very careful as he found his way into the complex. There were corpses everywhere, the birds happily picking away at them – their caws and the flapping of their wings sounding more ominous than Gaius ever thought it could. Their bond to the order no longer extended to its dead, and the Knight wondered briefly if it was the same for the living now. The few of them that remained, that was. But they paid him no mind, feeding instincts overpowering any hint of curiosity they might otherwise have shown him. He could only hope this would not be how he would find Kylo. That would be too cruel. The stench was almost overpowering as he opened a door to the main building, and he had to fight the urge to vomit. Instead, he pulled his cowl tighter around his face and took care to breathe through his mouth instead of his nose before stepping inside. At least it wasn’t summer, which was a small blessing, but he knew this smell would haunt him forever. The Force was in turmoil here, the sickness still permeating every swirl of it he could feel against his mind, and it made his skin crawl with the intensity of it but he pressed on. He needed to find Kylo’s body. Needed to get him home to his warchief, so that he could at least have a proper burial. So that he could at least go to the halls of the Ancestors in a manner befitting his station, instead of rotting away here with the rest of the Order. And he knew both the warchief and his siblings needed it too: to have some closure, some way to say their final goodbyes. He was lucky it was winter, he really was. Transporting the body that far south during summer would have been almost impossible. But now, he would be able to bring him home before his body started to rot – the cold would see to it that he remained in good condition until the pyre turned him to ash. Heading first for the dungeons, Gaius felt some lingering traces of his presence, some images and emotions flashing through his mind. They had tortured him – that much was clear. Kylo must have known it would happen, must have known all of this would happen. If he had not, they would never have managed to get him anywhere near these rooms. He would have torn them all apart before they could so much as come within three steps of him. The thought was sickening. If Kylo had known, that meant he had sent them all away for a purpose other than simply keeping his beloved safe. He had sent them away to keep them from having to face the same fate. He had sacrificed himself, the damned fool! Had given up the life he had never quite managed to see any worth in, had allowed himself to be tortured for the sake of saving the lives that did matter to him; his Knights, his Crows, and his warchief – they were his world, and Gaius cursed himself for not realizing this might happen. He had always been able to read Kylo’s moods and thoughts much easier than anyone else, but even he had missed whatever thought process that had led to him making the decision to sacrifice himself for them. He found Kylo’s robes, or what was left of them, on the floor in one of the torture chambers. They were torn to shreds, covered in filth, and stinking of piss. So, the vile bastards that had done this to Kylo hadn’t stopped at tormenting him? They had to act like immature children and even soil his clothes? Disgusting. At least Kylo had not worn his beautiful cloak to the meeting – a small blessing, but Gaius would have made sure it took the people responsible at least two days longer to die if they had done this to it. Kylo loved that cloak, and had been so proud of it – something they rarely saw from him, and he had smiled so brightly when Silass had complimented on it. Dropping the clothes back on the floor, Gaius continued his search. He would have to find new clothes to dress the body in anyway, and he could not risk lingering anywhere for too long; the Gods alone knew how many Crows were still around. The torture chambers and prison cells were all empty, and the traces of Kylo’s Force presence had been much more prominent on the ground floor, so Gaius returned there to try and pick up the trail again. It took some searching; the traces seemed to run through several different corridors, almost as if… as if they had paraded him around. For their sake, Gaius hoped not. He could feel the wrath rising in him with every breath, tinting his vision red at the edges, making his blood run scorching hot. Eventually, he found himself in front of the doors to the Hall of Visions. The air was sharp with the remnants of Kylo’s torment, and Gaius had to lean against the door for a little, raise his mental shields as best he could to keep the images and emotions from driving him mad. Oh, how his brother had suffered in here! How alone he had been. He could have been standing there a few moments, or a few hours, he did not know – but eventually, he took a deep breath to steady himself, and pushed open the doors. Nothing in his whole, blood-stained life could have prepared him for what he saw. Kylo’s lifeless body lay on its side, just in front of the low dais on top of which the brazier used for summoning the Raven was placed. His beautiful face was stained with blood and vomit – a pool of it gathering under his pale cheek. His back was in shreds, so badly whipped that one could not even make out the shapes of his large tattoos, and his thighs had fared only slightly better. He was completely naked, pale skin a network of welts and those strange patterns left when someone had summoned lightning against them. Blood had run from his nose, mouth, ears, and… his eyes? What in the world had they done to his eyes? They couldn’t possibly have… taken them out? It was not their custom, but Gaius knew better than to trust anyone who could put a whip to the Master of the Knights of Ren to stay true to their customs. If they had, they would never have touched him to begin with. The sight of the knife had him crying out in pain. He knew it was one of Kylo’s own ceremonial knives – he had been there when they were given to him – and for them to use it to take his life… No . No, it was too cruel. Before he could stop to think, he was hurrying towards his brother’s body, only to find himself running head first into a Force barrier of some sort. It could not be! How could they be so vile, so cruel, so monstrous that they would not even allow for his body to be collected? Who could do such a thing? Death was sacred to them! She was their mother, and burials were one of their most important rituals! A Crow must go to their ancestor through fire – they were to be placed on the pyre and honoured by mortals and birds alike. They weren’t supposed to be left like… like this . The anger consumed him, and he threw himself at the barrier, body and mind, but it would not yield to him. He pounded at it with his fists, hacked at it with his sword, threw the full force of his anger and power at it, but it remained solid and unaffected. With a cry of despair, he sank to his knees, unable to keep himself from breaking down in a heap of deep, gut-wrenching sobs, tears falling from his eyes like twin waterfalls. He cried for hours, not caring if anyone heard him, too lost in his pain to pay any heed to his surroundings. Then, he felt it; a caress, a feeling of a presence inside his mind, and a sense of gentle, ghostlike fingers cupping his cheek – a mother’s touch. He felt rather than heard it, a voice he knew well, one he had known his whole life – a voice whose presence could be found anywhere and everywhere where there was life and death. Do not despair, little Crow it said. I have not abandoned my child. Now rest, my little one. He is safe here, as are you. I have need of you both in the times to come. Rest. You will need your strength soon enough. I will watch over you. I always watch over you. Gaius felt his limbs go heavy and limp, then his eyes seemed to close of their own accord. He was asleep before he hit the floor. Notes: I am so very sorry. I know you all probably hate me right about now, but this had to happen. It is vital for the story that this happens. And, in case you were wondering why this update has taken so long, it was because I've been dreading this chapter for about six updates now. I made myself very sad while writing it. If you want/need to yell at me, I'm available on tumblr, as always. Sometimes my blog is apparently hard to find, but I promise you I'm there - under the same name as here. Just, uhm, please don't yell too loudly - I am smol and easily frightened. I will try to get the next chapter up as soon as possible, but it might still be slow. I just started on my master's thesis, and I don't know yet how demanding it's going to be. But don't worry - updates will keep coming! This story is my baby, and I will finish it if it's the last thing I ever do! Notes: Braith means 'speckled/spotted' - his parents named him after his freckles. Hux is the name of the clan. The birds are inspired by Norse mythology, specifically Hugin and Munin - Odin's two ravens who flew out into the world to observe and report back to him. The Crows use their birds in much the same way. If you have any questions or thoughts about the fic, the AU, my headcanons, do feel free to poke me. I promise that I will try to answer them to the best of my ability. :)