Wrong Room Earlier that evening you had been flirting with another officer. You were part of a small group that had accompanied General Hux and Kylo Ren to a planet for the purpose of meeting with one of their suppliers. The mission having been completed, there had been ample time for the officers to indulge themselves in some fun. General Hux had reluctantly agreed to the festivities before retiring to bed; it was a rare occasion which found the redhead sleeping through the night. No one preoccupied themselves with such thoughts, however, as all were much more interested in letting loose. That was how you had gotten the scrap of paper with the man’s room number. He had whispered in your ear, telling you that he would meet you there. The plan was for the pair of you to leave at separate times so as to avoid rumors that would undoubtedly occur following your copulation. Had you not been in a slightly inebriated state, you may have realized that the note read 512 rather than the 215 . Alas, you were holding the note upside down and the numbers looked quite similar. You took what appeared to be slightly sloppy writing as enthusiasm. Another factor that failed to prevent you from making the mistake was that the rooms did not have functioning locks. This, of course, was why all officers had been informed that it would be prudent to keep their weapons within arm’s reach. It was also why Kylo Ren and General Hux were bunking in the same room; for security purposes, although the Knight was out at the time you were heading in the direction of room 215 . You did not even bother to knock, not wanting to chance anyone thinking you were knocking on their door and thus opening up to find you at the door of someone else. A male someone else. So, you slipped into the room and quickly, but quietly, closed the door behind yourself. There was a shift on the bed, and you made your way over to there. You grabbed the edge of the blanket, earning a light grunt. Rather than pay attention to the fact that the grunt sounded quite different than what you had expected of the other officer, you moved underneath the covers and wormed your way between the man’s legs. He had already undressed, save for his boxers. You mouthed his cock through said article of clothing. The man underneath you shifted, drawing his knees up partway. You reached for the hem of his boxers, drawing it down so that you could free his hardening member. You drew your tongue up its length, moaning upon realizing just how big the man was. Not just in length, but in girth as well. Your moan, coupled with your actions, caused the man to jerk—awake. You threw your hands to his thighs in shock when you heard his voice—you had not expected to hear his voice—saying through clenched teeth: “What the kriff do you think you are doing?” There was the sound of a light being turned on simultaneous to the blanket being ripped off to the side. You had gone from horrible pale to sporting a very hot blush. You moved away from the man, on your knees between his legs. He appeared ready to spring at you should you not provide an appropriate answer. One did not form in your mind, however. You sat there, your mouth opening and closing multiple times. “You were asked a question!” You had to bite back tears of embarrassment and fear. Gulping, you found that words again escaped you when you tried to utter out a single syllable. All that was produced was a slight whistling sound of air escaping you. His eyes were running up and down your body, his eyebrows drawn towards one another and his lips pursed as he visibly tried to place your face. You were out of uniform, much like the other officers. In a thin, light gown you had purchased on-planet that was almost white in color. Your hair was down, and you were wearing the slightest touch of make-up. “Officer?” His voice border-lined cautious, as though he was prepared to admit to making a mistake in referring to you as such. You tensed at the term, however, and he appeared to relax. General Hux settled on the bed, propping himself up with his elbows as he stared down at you. “Proceed.” Your eyes searched his face; your mind was in a state of disbelief. Without batting an eyelash, the redhead reiterated: “Suck. My. Cock. Officer.” You trembled, awkwardly leaning forward as your heart pounded in your chest, its beat echoing in your ears. You lowered your mouth onto the head of his cock, seizing his shaft with shaking hands. He hissed in pleasure at the contact, bucking his hips when you traced the tip of your tongue along his slit. General Hux reached down, entangling his fingers in your hair whilst thrusting up into your mouth, forcing himself towards the back of your throat. You momentarily gagged before you managed to regain control over yourself. You found yourself moaning again, eagerly starting to bob your head while at the same time using your hand to pleasure what part of him wasn’t inside your mouth. “Wrong room, mm, officer?” “Mm-hmm,” you managed to hum while keeping him in your mouth. The vibrations caused him to shudder. His breathing was labored as he said, “Thank the stars.” You missed the sound of the door opening and closing again, you were much too focused on pleasuring your superior officer, who kept rolling his hips, fucking your mouth in slow, long thrusts. “Lord Ren.” “General Hux.” You stiffened on the bed, tensing and attempting to move so that you would not be reprimanded for failing to greet your superior. “Don’t stop on my account… An officer?” “Indeed,” General Hux said, his teeth clearly clenched again, his hand fisting your hair and pulling you forward while he thrust up into your mouth, burying himself as deeply he could go. “Don’t stand there and watch.” You heard a shuffling sound. General Hux made a low noise in his throat. “That’s not what I meant.” You heard a static-like chuckle coming from the Knight of Ren prior to the mattress dipping under new weight. You tensed, the general’s cock in your mouth, when a hand trailed along your spine. It then drew downwards until the limb settled on the middle of your back. There, fingers began to bunch up your gown, drawing it up, up, up—exposing your panties to the man behind you. Two leather-clad fingers jerked your underwear to the side. Kylo Ren used his other hand to align himself along your folds. You gasped at the feel of him. Both your superiors, it seemed, were well hung. General Hux released your head. He started to sit up, forcing you to do the same. You were on your knees, Kylo Ren’s hands on your waist as he experimentally rolled his hips. You inhaled deeply, your eyelids fluttering. The man in front of you observed your reactions before proceeding. He set his hands just above where Kylo had placed his, and General Hux turned you around so that your front was pressed tightly against the Knight, whose shoulders heaved as he inhaled sharply. “Get well-acquainted,” the general drawled before moving out of sight. That visor was pointed in your direction, and you could feel yourself being assessed by the man, who pushed up against you. Your lips parted at the way his cock rubbed into you. “Remove your clothing,” the Force user said calmly. You shyly seized your gown, lifting it above your head before taking off your panties as well. You reached behind yourself, unsnapping your bra. By the time you were fully naked, General Hux had returned to the room. You noticed immediately that in his hand was a bottle of lubricant. The redhead climbed onto the bed behind you. You could tell he was kneeling by the way the mattress dipped. When you heard him opening the bottle, you tensed. In front of you, Kylo Ren dropped a hand to his waist. The sight of him seizing hold of his lightsaber only caused you to freeze up further. That is, until he set the tip of it against your lips. General Hux, catching sight of what the other had done, uttered out an order. “Bite down on it, officer.” You parted your lips, opening your mouth enough for the man in front of you to slip the metal inside. You bit down around the hilt of the lightsaber the moment you felt a lube-slicked finger prodding your ass. The cold mask of Kylo Ren’s helmet fogged with your puffs of breath, your teeth clenched while your lips were pulled back in a snarl; the man behind you had thrust a digit within. It was not necessarily painful, however you could not help but feel a strong sense of discomfort. General Hux placed his other hand on your ass, using his thumb to draw aside your cheek to allow better access. He removed his finger, coated both it and the next in more lube, and this time pressed two digits into you. Your teeth greedily latched more tightly onto the metal in your mouth. Apparently bored with simply watching you, Kylo Ren began shoving his lightsaber back and forth, fucking your mouth with it as the general prepared you. You whimpered, swallowing thickly when the still-clothed man teased your outer lips with his cock. Three fingers were inside of you now, twisting and scissoring. You were trembling, your hands gripping the front of Ren’s robes as you were forced to take his weapon more deeply into your mouth, towards your throat. Four fingers; Kylo Ren using his free hand to rub your side, up and down its entire length. Suddenly devoid of fingers; General Hux lathered his cock with lube before positioning himself at your prepared entrance. He started to press forward, sinking into you inch by inch. Your eyes widened then closed. Sharp inhales and exhales through your nose. It was only when the General was fully seated within you that Kylo hooked his arm underneath your thigh, stretching it upwards, spreading it so that he could enter you. His movements were sharper, more abrupt. You half-moaned, half-screamed against the lightsaber. Their initial thrusts were sloppy, not in time with one another. You grit your teeth, your brain battling with sensations of both pleasure and pain; you were not sure which sensation was stronger. General Hux drew aside your hair, his tongue waggling along the back of your neck in unison with the moment Kylo released the lightsaber’s hilt—which was kept in place by the Force—and cupped your left breast, his thumb rolling your nipple. Pleasure. Pure pleasure, and you found yourself rolling your hips to meet their thrusts. Together the three of you found a good rhythm. General Hux reached forward, pulling the lightsaber out of your mouth and tossing the weapon off to the side. He hooked three fingers around the corner of your mouth, dragging down his hand so that those digits then tugged at your teeth and forced you to open your mouth. Kylo Ren pressed his mouthpiece close to your parted lips. Your breath fogged on the metal. You blinked repeatedly, your mind becoming hazy in all the sensations you were feeling. You flicked out your tongue, running it along the General’s fingers before swiping it up the Knight’s mouthpiece. A sudden pressure against your clit revealed how pleased he was with your actions; the Force rocked against you in waves, undulating in time with your hips. From behind you, General Hux hooked his arms around yours, yanking them back. You found yourself all the more stretched, discovered that the two men were able to move more deeply within you. You could feel both their cocks stroking you from inside. Then suddenly they both withdrew. As though by some unspoken agreement, they worked together smoothly. The redhead turned you, and Kylo Ren hooked his arms under yours, rendering you incapable of using your hands to do anything more than reach for his gloved hands, which he had set on either side of your head. General Hux, meanwhile, had captured your thighs in a similar manner. He hooked your legs over his shoulders, burying his face into your wet cunt. You could not even throw your head back in pleasure, Kylo Ren’s grip was so tight. You were forced to watch your superior officer’s actions; the redhead did not break eye contact with you. You were suspended in midair between the pair of them, your chest rising and falling heavily as the man between your legs slowly ran his tongue up and down your pussy. You curled your toes, arching your back and releasing a moaned out whimper. He was placing sloppy kisses against you, suckling on your clit. You almost screamed in orgasm. Then did release a light scream when the man did not relent. Your over-sensitive nub was continuously assaulted by the man. He dragged it up between his teeth, rolled his tongue over it, and sucked. You were almost screaming pleas—pleas for him to stop, to wait a moment, oh fuck you couldn’t take it. Your nails were digging into the leather of Ren’s gloves. General Hux smirked against you, but stop he did not. If anything, your whimpers and cries only urged him to increase the speed at which his tongue was flicking against you. Sweat was gathered on your skin, some dripping from your forehead down the length of your face. “You taste so kriffing good,” he hissed against you. His hot breath only stimulated you more. You panted, your jaw slack as you stared down at him through half-lidded eyes. General Hux licked his lips then sealed his mouth over you once more. You moaned out his title as he made you cum a second time. This time when he pulled away, he unhooked your legs from his shoulders. Kylo Ren also released you—only long enough to whip you around and secure your legs around his waist as he thrust up inside of you. The man stood from the bed, his hands under your ass to keep you against him. General Hux, too, had moved off the bed. You heard him grabbing something. Kylo lifted his hands to your waist—and suddenly you knew exactly what the general had grabbed, as it hit against your ass with an echoing smack . You bucked your hips into Ren’s when the belt hit. “Oh…oh…oh, stars,” you mumbled, your brain processing the pleasure derived from Kylo Ren thrusting repeatedly into you while at the same time sorting through the pain obtained from the belt stinging your ass. You set your hands on Kylo Ren’s shoulders, riding him. “Mmm—ah!” The belt met your rear another time, a last time. General Hux discarded the item in favor of realigning himself with your ass. The feel of both men inside of you was deliciously familiar. “Ooooh! Sir!” He had reached up between your body and Ren’s to fondle your chest. “You’re being good for your commander and general, officer. Perhaps you should be rewarded.” You did not complain when they withdrew from you. Nor when you were set on your knees, your sore ass touching your feet. “Open your mouth.” Ever the obedient officer, you did so immediately. General Hux and Kylo Ren jerked themselves a few times, their cum spurting, hitting you in the face, the mouth, some on your chest. You ran your tongue over your lips when they were finished. “Pay more attention to what room you enter.” “Yes, sir,” you managed between pants. “Get back on the bed.” You glanced at the Knight when he uttered the words. You then did as told, crawling back onto the mattress. The Force user was not far behind. He grabbed up his lightsaber, aligning it with your entrance and thrusting it into you. You hissed at the sudden intrusion. Kylo worked the hilt in and out of you slowly at first then began to speed up his movements the moment you started riding the weapon of your own accord. General Hux climbed onto the bed in front of you. He seized the back of your head, his fingers practically digging into your scalp as he grabbed at your hair. His tongue traced your lips, your own organ flicking out to meet his. “Good work, officer.” Both of your superiors had uttered out those three words in unison. You came right there instantly, moaning and trembling so badly that both Kylo Ren and General Hux had to hold you to keep you from collapsing.