Light from a streetlight filtered through the window on the roof of the room, it hit straight on top of Ben's bed. The boy moaned while sleeping. He was having deep dreams that turned sleep hours into harder times than meditation or even fencing. He had had those nightmares for weeks, they usually speeded up his heart, made his chest burn while his arms were frozen, and the worst was he couldn't get back to sleep afterwards. He would reach eighteen in a week, so he felt overwhelmed by the idea of telling anyone in the family, specially his mother. He was supposed to be an adult, one capable of facing his fears. He wanted to accept the fact those dreams were just dreams, nevertheless how awful they were. He woke up sweaty and in a similar situation to the night before, and the one before, and many nights before. He just saw his house burn, planets bursting in flames, and stars implode, but he felt nothing. Maybe because of all the indiference inside the dream, he was feeling downhearted and sick. It wasn't the loneliness he felt after waking up all alone, or the panic of seeing the death of everyone he loved while sleeping, not even fear towards the end of his own life. Ben felt uncapable of feeling compasion in his dreams, and it made him feel his chest was being crushed to the point he almost couldn't breathe. It wasn't the worst of all the dreams he had until then, but he couldn't say it was nice. He moved aside the duvet, stood up, put on a sweatshirt and a pair of sneakers. It was like he was in a hurry to go somewhere, but he wasn't in a hurry. The feeling the dream left him made him feel anxious and in need of rushing. He took a bag he had prepared earlier, opened the window from the roof and left the room. If he lived in the jedi temple, where his uncle lived, he would see the stars, but in the city one could only see artificial lights everywhere. It had been this way since Ben had memories, and he didn't dislike it to be that way. There was a light sign from a bar, he and his friends usually would throw rocks at it when they went to visit him. He could also see the alley, that wasn't dark at all because of all the city lights. He walked without trouble through the roof until the border of it, where he could see the alley a lot better. The roof was covered with metal and it was slippery, but Ben had found a way to recognize the areas where one could go through effortlessly. It was a lucky thing it wasn't raining, otherwise going out that way would have been suicidal. He looked down searching for the emergency ladder, put his hands in the border of the roof and hanged until reaching the top of the escape way, the stepladder. The roof was frozen, and in summer it would burn often, so he would wear gloves most of the time. That day, though, he didn't care much abot how cold the roof was. He let go soon, after he reached the top of the ladder and started descending. He always thought it was a little bit hard to reach it if there was a fire or any kind of emergency, but it wasn't a big deal for him. From the spot he could see his parents through the window.They were sleeping pacefully, without knowing he was leaving the house in the middle of the night again. Ben went down the ladder trying to make sure none of his neighbours could see him. It could have been troublesome if the old lady living in the third floor would hurry to tell Leia that he was sneaking out of the house. His parents always told him to leave a note, but he always forgot about it. Ben liked to think Han was a bit proud of him, but he always used to lecture him about responsability. He often thought it was awful, basically because Han was barely home, and when he was there he always was talking about taking care of his mother and pay attention to the things she and his uncle Luke would say. It all was nonsense to him. However, he got to the end of the ladder and jumped to the floor. A couple of cats got scared,but that was the biggest deal, nothing. Ben was doubting about his next destination, because he didn't think of it before leaving, but he started walking without thinking again. He took the middle street, and took the directions towards the first metro station. He had a “free pass” card, one of the perks of being son of the senator Leia Organa, so he took his wallet out of his bag and placed it on the ticket reader. Doors opened and he didn't have to pay for the ride. Technically, the goverment was taking care of the price, what wasn't too legal. Anyways, Ben wasn't the one to put the matter in doubt if Leia allowed it to happen. He texted his friend Phasma while waiting for a train and later, while traveling. The girl didn't seem too happy to answer at two AM, but she did. She always did it, although she would always add a little annoyance and lots of sarcasm in her writting. “Text Hux, you are going to WAKE HIM UP later anyways” wrote the girl with perfect spelling. That was her last text of the night, because yes, he was in the suburb where Hux lived. He was someone who would ignore texts or reply them with a simple “not now”. He didn't respond too well later at first, when Ben was at his door and decided to get to the middle of the roof of his house. Hux lived in a “single family home”, the kind with a tree in front of it. The tree was Ben's ally, specially whenever he wanted to get to the roof and knock the window. When he managed to do it, Hux didn't respond, he was sleeping like a log. Ben decided then to call him and hope for him to have his cellphone anywhere near. Indeed, he had it. The phone started vibrating on the top of Hux's bedside table, making some hellish sound in the room. Hux woke up. “What the fuck do you want?” He asked right after picking up the phone. He was serious, cold and almost whispering. “Open the window” replied Ben, he tried to sound as cold as Hux did before, but he was trying not to laugh. He found it really funny whenever his friend would be so annoyed he would curse. It always sounded odd because Hux would always use a straightforward, simple, respectful and calm tone voice. “Christie never curses or gets mad whenever I text her” “They wash Phasma's brain to be attentive, helpul and humble in the military school, I am the son of my father” explained Hux being a little resentful. He hanged the phonecall, left the cellphone in the bedside table and opened the window. His room was a lot smaller than Ben's. The bedside table was simple, a desk without any decoration, a plain bed and a wardrobe. Ben always thought his best friend lived in a "penitentiary family home", but always saved the thought for himsef. “Another of those nightmares ¿am I wrong?” Ben nodded, closed the window after entering the room. He looked how Hux slipped himself under the blankets again without talking. He left his bag on the floor, took off his shoes and sweatshirt and got into bed, next to his bestfriend. The matress was really small and they were cramped under the sheets. Ben embraced his friend in order to be more confortable. “You only come here because you sleep better when you can touch me up in a mediocre and sloppy way, this is bullying and abuse of your reputation in school, Ben” joked Hux. He was mocking the fact they didn't go to the same school since two years ago, and agreed to sleep together from time to time a lot before. “I hate you and you hate me a lot in return, in the dreams I have” said the other boy ignoring the joke on him. He was burdened by the feelings he felt in the dreams he had. Even if the one he had that evening wasn't the kind he was talking about, he was sure it was the same in all dreams he had. “I don't even know why, but you are disgusted by my existance and I feel real pain in front of you. I also despise you, and it isn't like when I am angry and I scream to you and our friends. Anyone around us can see the dealthy hatred between us.” Hux turned around and looked at Ben, he was both astonished and skeptical. He knew and understood Ben could have nightmares and sensations whenever something was disrupting the force, yet dreaming of the future was imposible. He actually thought Ben was being childish caring about the dreams he had that much. “I would only despise you that much if you would do something dreadful, and if we are in the same team destroying the universe I would be stupid to do it. I would be as guilty as you” said Hux as an easy solution. The nightmares matter was starting to be annoying, and at the same time he didn't know how to complain about it. Hux was aware he couldn't understand how it was to be force sensitive. He didn't know either if Ben was just being naive and childish because he was told force sensitive people sometimes could feel and see things unseen by others. “I do feel disgusted right now, you haven't showered before coming to se me” Ben felt a little bit embarassed about Hux's joke, yet they both laughed. The redhead kissed him on the lips and then pushed his face onto his friends's chest, until he felt it on the top of his nose. If any part of Ben's nightmares were to become true, that moment in Hux's Bedroom was supposed to be a lot more important and valuable than it looked like. Also, at the same time, it might become a memory that would make it easier to destroy all compassion and innocence in both of them. Ben placed himself a lot more close to Hux, to the point he could smell the shampoo he had used. He knew his neck would hurt because of the position the next morning, yet he didn't care much. Sooner or later the adventures that lead him to Hux's bedroom would end, as soon as Hux would finish his military training, or as soon as his own training was comming to an end. Nevertheless, the pain he felt towards the end of this part of his life wasn't as strong as the one he felt towards the dreams he was having. Changes in the future they both have set out and planned were a lot less hurtful than hate. When he woke up it wasn't because of a nightmare, neither Hux's alarm, always ringing at a quarter to six. What woke Ben up were Hux hands under his shirt. His hands were tepid, yet colder than his body, warmed up by the shirt he was wearing. He could feel Hux lips on top of his lower abdomen, and how his hands slowly moved the elastic in the pants he used to sleep. “If I didn't have an erection, now it'll be imposible for me to not have it” complained with a sleepy voice, like he didn't love it when Hux would wake him up that way. Hux ignored him while kept himself busy, touching him. It isn't like he didn't want to hear what he had to say, but he expected him to moan. He wanted to hear his moaning to think of it and listen to it in his head later. Whenever he was studying, his classmates talked to him about somthing he found boring or he needed any motivation, it was Ben's moans what he needed in his head, like a mental mix tape to put on repeat. It wasn't only a physical need, it was his special way of thinking of Ben, his “best friend”. He never questioned such label, he was his best friend and no one could tell otherwise, but Ben's moans and gasps were the emphasis in the center of the preconceived idea of their relationship. Ben lifted the blanket to look at Hux for a moment and then looked away. Any comment or movement didn't have a place in Hux's interpersonal morning ritual, except if Ben decided to pull his hair or show satisfaction. It didn't matter much where he looked at, there was almost no light in the bedroom, and he had all his energy focused under the blankets. Ben thought he heard something outside the bedroom, in the aisle, it distracted him for a second and tried to tell Hux about it. “Bren..” he started to say at the same time he was trying to hold his moaning. The bedroom door was slowly being opened from the outside. All he could do was grab the first thing he saw in the bedside table and throw it towards the door. From outside the bedroom, Hux's little sister closedthe door instinctively in order to avoid being hit by the object Ben threw. She had fast reflexes and got the hint. It used to happen a lot that she intruded her brother's intimacy, and it was her fault because she always forgot knocking the door before opening it. Annabel Hux wasn't the kind of person that used her mind before acting, even if she was a Hux and even if she got hurt many times before. Her father and her brother would always tell her to think before acting all the time, yet she always had a hard time doing it. “COO-09 prepared breakfast for us” yelled from aisle, and laughed because she was lucky to avoid Ben's attack “I'll tell him we need one more for Ben” She was three years younger than her brother, but she didn't seem to feel any embarassment whenever she could find herself looking straight at other people's intimacy. She was cold, and she would even find it fun to make it uncomfortable for Ben or her brother. She went downstairs and talked to the cooking droid. It was a restaurant unit that her brother modified some time ago. Brendol and Annabel lived alone since both had memories, their father only would appear from time to time in his free days. Usually when their father was in the house he would only talk about his military beliefs and tell them about his work. They didn't have a mother, not at least that Annabel knew, and her father never talked about the woman who had given birth her and her brother. However, neither her or Brendol ever asked. Annabel turned on the holographic television and sat to watch the news channel. She always started her day watching the news or reading the news paper. According to her father it was really important to know what was happening in the galaxy while they slept. Something about not knowing when an event could change the course of their lifes, it was something typical of him. He used to repeat it in order to make her and her brother think. The girl felt it was all bullshit and television was a waste of time to keep society brainwashed, yet she always used to turn the tv on to find out what was happening and think about it. She only did it to know what to talk about whenever her father was home. She looked a little uninterested at the news host while playing with a spoon. She was a beautiful girl, one of those that first were cute reporters people liked to look at. Probably, the girl had trained hard with their voice and facial expresion to make things she said seem a little more interesting than they actually were. She was reporting about a supernova in a distant system, it was a part of the Galactic Federated Union were they all lived though. Annabel was totally bored with it, awful things always happened in remote planets she was never going to step on. Obviously, the one they were talking about wasn't a place to visit anymore, at least to anyone who wanted to use their lungs to breathe. The report was actually important, or at least that's what Annabel understood after thirty minutes watching different reporters talk about it. First there was no survivors, later, maybe there was survivors... It would be the same way all day. Reporters talking about it, giving small and nonrelevant information and filling up the channel with old images of the planets affected by the supernova. When they would lack information they would start with special reports to pay tribute to the people who lived in those planets and their aportations to the Galactic Federated Union. “What happened?” asked Hux from the entrance of the kitchen while putting his shoes on. He was clearly interested in the news, the reason why he was was unkown by the girl. His sister moved a stool from under the table and He sat on it. COO-09 walked towards the table and left a new plate with pancakes in front of Brendol. Pancakes again, because if Annabel woke up first she always asked the droid for pancakes or waffles. He had started to hate them, but he didn't say anything about the pancakes. He just asked for some coffe. “Supernova in Asnomia” said the girl. She was now adding chocolate to her pancakes, because she was waiting for her brother to start eating before. She didn't know why she always did it, but waiting for Brendol to eat was something she couldn't avoid doing. “Osnounia vanished into little meteorites, and the rest of the planets around it are afected by a toxic cloud. I think they are sending a rescue team to look for survivors.” From the entrance, Ben was looking at the two siblings, he was a little bit irritated because Hux ignored the pile of pancakes that were already on the table. It was typical of him to ignore the pancakes that could be already cold, leaving them for Ben to eat. The boy didn't say anything about the pancakes being cold, if he was home he would have had to prepare breakfast himself. Cold prepared pancakes were better than uncooked food. “I suppose they might send Jedis” said Ben sitting in the spot left on the table. He looked at the hologram of the news host. She was talking about some images made in 2D, the channel got them from a planet near the Asnomian system. As soon as Ben decided he wanted strawberry syrup for his pancakes and grabbed the jar, the images appeared on tv. He was stunned by the images he was watching in front of his eyes, he already had seen the similar images in his dreams. “It is like in my dreams, Hux” said. He sounded terrified, but he was clearly struggling to be calm about it. “Obviously it isn't the same, but it really looks the same.” He left the syrup jar in the same spot it was before, he couldn't eat if he was feeling uneasy. Ben waited for a response from Hux, he could feel his eyes were on him, but he was still in silence. Hux didn't know what to say, he looked at his sister who didn't know what they were talking about and then smiled. Exactly, he had an idea about what it could be, except it was only a theory and he didn't like much talking about things he didn't know accurately. “Maybe you felt something like this was going to happen, but you couldn't guess” said while the droid was leabing his coffe on the table. it was black sugarless coffee, like he always liked it. “Maybe you could sense something was about to happen, and that's why you had nightmares about the things that upset you. That's all" “I don't think that's the reason” said Ben. His friend's explanation was way too reassuring, and he didn't feel calm, he couldn't feel calm. “You should talk about it with someone from the temple, it would be better. I clearly don't understand why you tell me about this kind of matters, Ben”. Hux was always annoyed seeing Ben's reaction. It was like Ben couldn't spend more than twenty minutes without feeling worried or uneasy about something happening a pile of hours light from their homes. “Like I can understand at all how is it to be force sensitive” “I do it because it is something important to me” argued Ben standing up from the stool he was sitting on. He thought Hux could at least be a little bit nicer about what was happening, or at least pretend. “Of course, yes, I really should talk about it with someone from the temple, and not you. What can you know about the force or awful nightmares? You only know playing with droids and military strategy” After making it clear he was annoyed, Ben picked up his bag and left slaming the door. Hux didn't move from his spot, he only sighed filled with weariness and continued drinking his coffee. “Shouldn't you go after him?” asked Annabel faking a smile to feel a little less uncomfortable. She was a lot more embarassed seeing them fight than she was when entering in Brendol's bedroom while they were busy. “He'll get over it” he said shrugging his shoulders with false indiference “Besides, later we are supposed to meet. I guess I'll see how to fix it then.” They both continued having breakfast pacefully. He just closed his eyes and tried to recreate in his head Ben's moaning from before. That was a consecuence of Ben's last nightmare. Ben always slept with him whenever he had nightmares, and that made Hux feel like he was important for Ben to feel better. They were both a nice way to feel better about the things they couldn't change by their lifes and themselves.