I wake up. Val snored next to me, and Calvin sat up on his bed looking at his lightsaber. I sat up and shook Val awake. She sat up and her blonde hair fell delicately in a braid on her pillow. I was less fortunate, my hair was a brown tangle of knots. I smiled at her, but she frowned and looked to Calvin. Calvin finally notices us and puts his saber away. “Battles at dawn.” He whispered. We rush out of the room, getting ready to meet Kylo Ren in the control room. I was always Kylo’s favorite. I joined to become his apprentice first, and also shared trouble with family on the light side. I was nervous, walking fast yet shaking all over. Val walked calmly, smirking at me shaking. I could tell though she too was scared. It was the first battle for all of us. And, rumor had it my brother, Poe, might be there. I hadn’t seen my brother, since the day I ran away. To this day he probably still doesn’t understand why I ran away. Sometimes, when I get scared I think of what he said, “Don’t Go!” I went. Stormtroopers filled the hallways, some loading their weapons, while others talked or stand still. As we walked past they would nod their heads recognizing us. We arrived to a packed control room. It was full of Commanders, Generals, and even Stormtroopers. Up front we see Kylo talking to General Hux and his apprentice Marissa. She sort of looked like Val, but had a little bit darker blonde hair. She was also taller and would often be very nice to me. Kylo walked toward us, he wore a long, dark cape that flowed down to the floor. Even if he was my mentor since forever, I was still scared of him. But, like everyone he too had fears. And if we fail today, I’ll see my fear. Angry Kylo. “Do not fail me now. I am depending on you, to show me you have what it takes.” Kylo says in his deep auto-toned voice. If you hadn’t met him before you would hardly tell there was a human under there. Val stepped forward to reply, “We will do our best master.” Val always wanted to prove that she is the best. “Well your best is good enough.” Kylo says. Val went back disappointed in herself. Kylo’s cold eyes stared at me through his mask. I knew what he wanted me to do. Kill my brother. “Sir we are ready.” Marissa says. Kylo nods, and she turns around to run back to her station. “What do we do now?” Calvin asks. “Get ready for battle.” Chapter 2 The pilot drops us off in a small village. I remembered it, or at least felt like I saw it before. The corner of my eye I see him running to an X-wing. It was too late though, for two troopers spotted it and blew it up. He wasn’t spotted though. I really got nervous, but thankfully Kylo didn’t see him. Instead Kylo caught Lor San Tekka, a trusted ally of General Organa. Kylo puts his hand behind Calvin, and I see the same flash of terror of his eyes as I did in the day I met him. But, even if Calvin was scarred he still thrashed forward and kill the old man. We walked around trying to grab people, when I see Poe being grabbed by two troopers. He walks forward huffing and puffing. This is it! All my training will be complete. Kylo of course senses that Poe is my brother. And like Calvin, I was pushed forward. I pull open my lightsaber. I loved my lightsaber, its dark purple glow and wavy sounds. But, now I didn’t. I bring it forward, but look at Poe. I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t end someone. I dropped it in the sand. And never picked it up again. Poe and I are rushed on board. Troopers’ blasters keep going off. I knew what this meant. The villagers. Chapter 3 I walked over to Poe’s cell with slashes all over my arm, and a small one on my cheek. I was a disgrace now, but because Poe is refusing to talk I have agreed to make him. Of course this didn’t mean Kylo wasn’t still angry. I had a plan with Kylo to tell Poe I didn’t want to be a dark apprentice anymore and help him escape. I will then plant bombs at the Resistance base and earn my respect. I open up the door to see a different Poe. Slashed up and not happy. He noticed my cuts and smirked. “I knew there was still good in there.” He says expecting me to argue back. But, I didn’t because he was telling the truth. “Poe, you’re right. I’m not meant to be here. All my training was based on no light influence. Which means I would have to kill you. But, for some reason I couldn’t” I reply actually being honest. “Well it’s up to you what you want to do about it.” Poe said almost happy yet still not convinced. I had to show him, or I may never be a respected apprentice again. “I am going to break……….” All of the sudden a Stormtrooper rushes in. He raises his blaster. I freeze in pure terror. “Stop!” I yell. The Stormtrooper lowers his blaster. He walks over and unlocks Poe. “Are you helping?” asked the Stormtrooper. I ran over to help Poe stand up. He stood up tilting back and forth and back and forth. The trooper runs over to also help Poe walk. “What’s your name?” my brother asks to make sure he can trust the trooper. “FN 2187” The trooper replies. I smile, but Poe frowns. “FN what? Look, let’s call you Finn.” Poe says. The trooper pulls off his helmet. His skin was as dark as chocolate and eyes as nervous as mine. We had to do this quickly. “Finn, I like it. What’s yours?” Finn asks. His voice also sounded nervous, specially cause he was messing with MY mission. “I’m Casey. And this is my brother Poe.” I say. “Poe Dameron.” Poe corrects. Whatever. I....I guess I just can't get myself to say that name. After walking through the halls we finally were in the takeoff zone. My dream at first was to be a Resistance Pilot like Poe. But, once I found the force it ruined everything. I wasn’t allowed to fly. Thanks to Organa. Leading me to run away. Sometimes, I would just sit and watch TIE fighters take off and come back. This was nice, because I could avoid Val’s jealousy and Calvin’s darkness. I would sit next to Marissa and we would just talk and talk. We climbed into a TIE fighter, surprisingly without getting caught. Poe was Pilot and Finn was gunner. I sat on the floor. As we take off, I remember that a wire was still attached. “What do we do?” Finn asks. “I got this.” Poe replies. He didn’t. He had no clue how to work a TIE fighter. “No you don’t. I got this.” I reply. I close my eyes and concentrate. “What is she doing?” Finn says panicking. “Oh no...This isn’t going to work.” Poe yelled. I could feel it, the force flowing through me. I breathe in. I focus on how I will become an apprentice again. And how I will never be a Resistance member again. The wire flies off. We aren’t followed as we fly off to space. I hold on to dear life as Poe flies fast doing amazing stunts. “Ok, we need to take out as many cannons as we can. I’ll try to set us up.” Poe yells to Finn. We finally hit as many as we can when I notice Poe is heading towards Jakku. I look around to see if he isn’t but clearly he is. “Poe, why are we going to Jakku?” I yell. “Wait, Jakku we can’t go back to Jakku!” Finn yells. “Look, I have to get my droid.” Poe yells. “BB8 will survive! Right now no Jakku, it’s too infested with the first order.” I reply. “Look, BB8 is holding a map to Luke Skywalker.” Poe answers. “Oh man…” Finn gets cut off. We were shot. I black out as the TIE fighter goes down, down, down. Chapter 4 The first thing I saw was Poe’s jacket. Nothing else. Just the brown jacket. The full picture comes in as Finn shakes me awake. I was in the TIE fighter, being pulled out. “Casey, come on. POE! POE!” Finn yells. I get out of the TIE fighter and see that Finn has Poe’s jacket and yet no Poe. I jump as the TIE fighter falls into the sand. Then I realize Poe was still in there. And, then it explodes and comes back out. There was no way Poe survived. I sniffle. Finn tries to hand me Poe’s jacket, but I shake my head no. I just couldn’t grasp that Poe was dead. We walk towards a village. I was so thirsty, that when we got there I drank out of a pool that some strange beast was drinking from. I hear two girls shrieking. One attacking two smugglers while the other is removing a net on top of………..BB8. Part 2: Macy’s View Chapter 5 Life on Jakku was always pointless. Gather parts and turn them in for what, two or three food pouches. I mean somewhere out there my parents need us to find them. But, my older sister Rey has always said to “wait”. In our belongings was a piece of scrap metal with a barcode on it. It fell off the ship that left us here, a long time ago. If I can find someone to track that piece to the ship model and then track that ship. Well, a long time later I could meet, my parents. Chapter 6 Rey awoke me early in the morning. Today she was determined to go a little farther than usual to look for parts. I smiled at her. She truly was determined while I didn’t care as long as we found descent parts. About five miles from our home (abandoned ship thingy) was a huge crater from half a sphere shape space ship crashing here. It wasn’t in a sphere shape anymore. It’s just random pieces in random places. We walk to town to board some vehicles, so we don’t have to walk all the way. We ride the sandy planes passing all sort of crashed space crafts. We search through the crater. I could sense something dark had happened here, so I begged Rey that we could leave early. We left with 20 pieces, hoping for 5 packs of food pouches. We ride back and look at the beautiful sunset in front of us. After trading in all of our items (to get only 2 pouches) we walk home. As we do we here a droid being attacked by another scavenger. My sister had learned the droid language very quickly growing up, and taught me everything. She convinced the scavenger to leave the droid alone. The droid squealed in gradated. “So, why are you out here?” I ask the BB8 model. He answered back saying he was waiting for “classified” boy did this upset Rey. “Oh yeah, so am I. Classified, very big secret. Nima outpost is that way. And, stay out of the Bad Lands you’ll sink in that much sand.” Rey told him. We started to walk away, but the droid just followed us. “Don’t just follow me. Town is that way.” Rey said. “Rey, let him come.” I replied trying to convince her. There was something about that droid. “Fine, but just for one night. And then you’re gone.” Rey said. I smiled. And we walked home. That night I actually had a good dream. BB8’s owner came back and we all joined the Resistance. But, I knew that would never probably happen. Chapter 7 The next day was just the same as the rest, except for BB8. We walked through the outpost with BB8. In the distance I see a girl with long brown hair and a boy, Rey’s age, wearing a brown leather jacket. All of the sudden two smugglers grab me and Rey, putting a net over BB8. I kick the one off me and let Rey deal with them. I bend down to help BB8. The strangers stare at a distance. “ Thief…Thief…that’s my master’s jacket. And the girl is his runaway sister.” BB8 says in his language. Rey charges at the strangers. The girl runs straight to me, but the boy runs around. As Rey chases him, the girl talks to me. “What’s her problem.” The girl asks. “BB8 said he was a thief who stole his master’s jacket.” I say. “Oh yeah!” she laughs. Rey walks back with the boy. “Look BB8. Poe is dead. He died…well, we crashed…and he didn’t make it.” The boy says. “He was captured by the first order, but we were helping him escape.” The girl says. So she wasn’t bad. “What’s your names?” I ask. “I am Casey.” The girl says. She seemed really nice, but her eyes were filled with pain and darkness. “And I’m Finn.” The boy says. He just stands there staring at Rey. “I am Rey and this is Macy my younger sister.” Rey says. I wave. “Are you in the Resistance?” “Yeah. I am totally in the Resistance. I am with the Resistance.” The girl smirks in a jokingly way, making me confused. Then we see them. Stormtroopers. Heading our way. Chapter 8 Finn grabs Rey’s hand and runs through the outpost. Casey takes mine and we zoom off. “Let go of my hand.” Rey yells. Finn doesn’t budge, his hand protectively grasping Rey’s hand. “Hurry BB8.” Casey yells. We run into a tent, hoping to be hidden. Finn is rummaging around while the rest of us try to catch a breath. “There shooting at all of us.” Rey says. And then once again Casey grabs my hand, and Finn grabs Rey’s. “I don’t want to run with you holding my hand.” Rey yells. Then there was an explosion behind us and we land on backs. Rey, Casey, and I get up quickly. But, Rey had to shake Finn and Grab his hand. We run towards a ship yard, where we can see two ships. A large brownish-white one that is very old. And a newer orange-ish red model. Finn points to the white one. “What about that one?” Finn asks. “That one is garbage.” Rey yells back. But, in front of us the orange one explodes, leading us to a screeching halt. We turn around and run into the white one. Rey takes Pilot, Casey co-pilot, Finn gunner, and I roam around. “Hold on!” Rey yells and we blast off. Chapter 9 Rey causes the first ship to crash very easily. It’s hard not to passing all sort of wreckage. Behind us the second one was speeding up. Once he fired, we would be doomed. Then, all of the sudden Rey flies us through a hug ship. This was a bad idea leading us to be locked in (the TIE fighter could shoot us) and Finn couldn’t control the blasters. Finally though we jump out a hole and the other one crashes into fiery death. We had made it, we were now leaving Jakku’s atmosphere to explore the galaxy. Chapter 10 Rey and Finn leaped out of their positions and raced to meet each other in the center of the ship. The hugged and Casey and I circled around them giving each other pats on the back. “Wow! That was amazing, especially for my first flight!” Rey says smiling. “Your first flight…..unbelievable.” Finn answers. Suddenly gas comes through the vents. If not fixed right away this could become toxic. Knowing where a tool box was I sprinted into action. Coming back quickly so that we could get this taken care of. As Rey worked on it we all began to talk. “So Finn where is the Resistance base, BB8 tells me it’s classified.” Rey asks. “Casey…I want to test you. Do you remember?” Finn replies. “If I did, do you seriously think there would be a Resistance? No, it would have been blown up.” Casey answers. Finn talks to BB8 through eye motions. “Well tell them BB8.” Finn says. BB8 looks back and forth between Rey and Finn, but then tells us it is in the Illinum Galaxy. “The Illinum Galaxy!” I exclaim. Who knew that’s where they were. Finally, Rey had taped up the vents. She got back up to the floor, and smiled at Fin. Then we heard a huge thud and we all fell backward. We stood back up franticly trying to figure out what was going on. “The ship is being pulled in.” I say. We all rush into the cockpit. Finn stands up on a chair pushing down on Rey’s hand. “Get off me!” She yells moving his hand. Finn then gets down from the chair. “It’s the first order.” Finn says. Rey looks frantic and Casey literally pulling out her hair. “Oh no.” She says with an attitude. “I am not going back there. We have to do something.” We all think. We could all hide in the vents. But, how long till they find us? “Undo the tape.” Finn says. Thank goodness for Finn and his excellent head. Rey climbs down the vent to pull it off. “Are you sure this will work?” She asks Finn. Finn about to answer gets interrupted by Casey. “Stormtrooper helmets keep out gas, but not toxins.” She answers. As Rey finishes we rush down to the vent. I help Finn carry BB8 down. Casey closes the top of the vent, and we peek through watching to see who comes in. Part 3: Lynn’s View Chapter 11 I had always wanted to be an outlaw that my dad could be proud of. I mean, Han Solo the legend and then there are his two kids. One evil and both disappointing. Well, at least I am not evil. But, I am a disappointment. I didn’t have the strong leadership of my mother, nor the force like my brother and uncle. All, I had was the ambition to become a legendary outlaw, like my Dad. But, when Ben turned dark, well I was never noticed. My parents thought it was, because of them Ben became evil. I was then forgotten. My parents too afraid to loose me too. I was the one to think of hunting Rathars. Now I wished I hadn’t. Hunting Rathars was not only dangerous, but expensive. My dad had to borrow money from the Guavian Death Gang and their leader Bala-Tik, and also Kanjik club. These groups both are highly deadly and are trying to find us to get their money. We don’t have it. Chapter 12 As we were flying a little bit past Jakku, I looked at the Radar to see a ship. The ship I saw I personally have never been on. But, almost every day my Father talks about it, because it is his ship. It was the Millennium Falcon. “Dad, you have to see the Radar.” I said pointing to it. Being the actual Pilot he saw it and was amazed. “I…I…can’t believe it after all these years.” My Dad said. I pull the retracting lever, and open the doors to our large space craft, so that they couldn’t get away. We put our ship in auto-pilot and rush to grab our weapons. As it came in I could finally see what it looked like. It looks like Garbage! It’s half Brown, half white…how long will that take to clean? Who’s in there? We walked inside with our weapons out to discover no one was here. This means their hiding . My dad rushes around looking at everything. In the center he stops and turns to Chewy. “Chewy, we’re home.” Dad says smiling. Suddenly we hear a bang from the vent. Dad and Chewy pull it out to discover four people and one droid. Three are girls, and two look exactly the same except age wise. The other is different though. “AHH!” they scream. I try to reassure them that everything would be okay, by helping them to stand up. First we help up the oldest girl. She seems nice. She has brown hair pulled up into three buns. She is wearing an outfit of a Jakku scavenger. The next one we help up, I am pretty sure is her sister. She too wears an outfit for a Jakku scavenger, but wears her hair up in a messy pony tail. The last girl I help up has long brown hair and hazel yet dark eyes. We also help up a BB8 orange droid, and a boy who looks around the age of the oldest girl. The oldest girl stares at my dad and then asks, “Who are you?” My dad frowns. Now in days he hates the answer. “Han Solo.” He answers. The girl looks excited. “You’re Han Solo, the famous smuggler! And, this must be the Millennium Falcon!” The girl answers. “Who are the others.” Ask the girl with the dark eyes. “I am Lynn and this here fuzzy guy is Chewy.” I say. Chewy agrees startling the boy. “You can understand him?” the boy asks. “Yup, and he can understand you.” My father replies. “Now, how did you get this ship?” “Stole it from Jakku ship yard.” The oldest girl answers. “Jakku that junk planet!” My dad says “Hey! I am from there.” The girl with the pony tail says offended. “So now, we’ll drop you in a pod at the nearest planet.” My dad said eager to sell the Rathars. “You can’t. This droid is holding a map to Luke Skywalker.” The oldest girl says. My dad turns around. “Sir, you did know him. Please help us.” The boy says. “Know him. I was friends with him. Okay, I’ll help you get a ship.” My Dad says. “Now, what’s your names?” I ask. “I am Rey.” The oldest girl says. “I am Macy, Rey’s younger sister.” Says the girl in the pony tail. “I am Finn and this is BB8.” The boy says. Finally, the girl with dark eyes steps forward. “For many years I was in the dark. I am done. I can no longer tolerate the darkness. You know me. I know your brother and son. I am Casey Da...nevermind, I am just Casey, ex-dark apprentice.” The girl says. Dad and I gasp. She was Kylo’s apprentice. I guess not anymore. We heard banging from outside. We could see Guvian Death Gang’s ship in a camera. We rushed out the falcon towards the Rathars. There we could hide under the vents. “Just don’t do anything to make the Rathars escape.” My Dad says. “Wait, you’re holding Rathars.” Finn asks. “Yup three, selling them to our main source.” I say trying to not reveal anything about our client. “What are Rathars?” asks Macy. “You don’t want to know.” My dad answers. “Where are they?” Rey asks. One bangs at the glass. We jump. Chapter 13 “Hide all of you.” My father whispers. By all of you he meant me too. We run to the vents and crouch there, just waiting to see what will happen. As the doors open we see them, Bala-Tik and his gang. “Han Solo you are a dead man.” Bala-Tik says. I shudder. “Bala-Tik long time.” My dad says. “We want our money.” Bala-Tik says. “And I will give it to you as soon as I sell these Rathars.” My dad says using his mystical silver tongue. “We want our money now and so does Kanjik Club.” “I never made a deal with Kanjik Club.” “Tell that to Kanjik club.” And with that the other door opens to reveal Kanjik Club. “Oh no.” I whisper to Rey. “That droid, the first order is looking for a droid just like it, and four fugitives.” Bala-Tik says. He moves checking the vents and we slowly back up. Rey and Finn crawl over to some buttons. “If I hit the right buttons, glass doors will fall down and trap both groups.” Rey says. Together she and Finn press buttons and then looked at each other in fear. They had pressed the wrong buttons. The Rathars had escaped. Chapter 14 One Rathar went straight for Kanjik club, letting my dad run. With no one around, we all climb out of the vents and split up. Macy, Casey, and I run down together in one hallway. We were outnumbered. Cornered, not by the Rathars nor Kanjik club, but by Bala-Tik and 4 of his friends. We had no weapons, so he walked forward and forward. “Well, well, what do we have here? A traitor,” He says looking at Casey. She begins to look angry. “Scavenger,” Macy looked away “and a disappointment.” “How dare you! You don’t deserve that money.” I say really firing him up, but then he and his friends fall back to see a Rey holding dearly to Finn and a Han helping Chewy. “Come on!” They yell. We run towards the falcon. I notice that Chewy must have hurt his arm. My dad, Rey, and I stand in the cockpit. Well, I stand outside watching. I finally go back outside and sit with Casey and Macy. “Do you guys really think I am just a scavenger?” Macy asks sniffling. She was obviously hurt by what Bala-Tik had said. “If it wasn’t for you, we wouldn’t have BB8 and the map.” I say. “Besides if we did, then I would just be a traitor and runway.” Casey adds. Macy stops sniffling and smiles. My dad and Rey come back from the cockpit. “Well, BB8 can you show us the map?” I ask BB8. BB8 squeals happily and shows us the map. Unfortunately looking at it I realize it is only part of the map. “Unfortunately it’s only part of the map.” I say. My dad walks through it and turns around. “There are stories about what happened.” Rey says. “It's true. All of it. The Force, the Jedi. They're real.” My dad says. We all look to each other. This was it………the start of an adventure. “So where are we going now?” asks Casey. “Takodana to see Maz Kanta and get a clean ship.” I answer. Chapter 15 I have met Maz before, but all I can remember was her describing my eyes. I mean, you might think she is weird. But, a 1000 year-old needs some kind of hobby. She described my eyes as, afraid to face the truth. What truth? The fact that my Dad will never be proud, and it’s my brother’s entire fault. Or that Rey is more like a daughter to my Dad then me. My face gets red and I feel the anger. Macy and Casey stare at me confused. Don’t give in. Don’t give in to the dark. I feel less dense as walk to the cockpit. We were about to land, but Rey and Macy were memorized by the beauty. “I have never seen so much green in my entire life.” Rey says. “I know, isn’t beautiful.” Macy agrees. My Dad frowns thinking it’s sad. But, Casey smiles happy to see their reaction. “Wait, till you’re in it. The forest is even better inside.” Casey answers as she leaves the cockpit. I smile, glad to have someone like Casey as a friend. We soon all leave the falcon. Heading towards the temple Rey and Macy were even more amazed. My Dad walks off with Rey. He’s handing her a blaster. Are they talking about a job? I am co-pilot we don’t need anyone else. She declined, thank goodness. We walk towards the temple. I couldn’t but help noticing the hundreds of flags hanging up. “Any advice?” Rey asks my Dad. “Don’t Stare.” He answers. “At what?” Finn asks. “Anything.” And with the doors open and the craziness of Maz’s place is let in. The music was very loud, and yet really perfect for a place like this. Maz was in the back, and spotted my Dad quickly. The music stopped. “Han Solo.” She rushes up to him and the music begins again. “Where is my boyfriend?” “Chewy is hurt.” I say. “I like that Wookie.” She says walking us over to a table. “Now you must be in need something desperately.” Maz says as we sit down. “A clean ship.” My dad answers. “Oh your back up in the mess again.” She replies. I smile, but my dad frowns. “No, we just need a clean ship.” My dad says. “Han, stop backing away from this fight. Go home.” Maz answers back. “Leia doesn’t want to see me.” My dad says. “Maybe, Maz is right. Maybe we need to start saving the galaxy not just flying around.” I say. Everyone looks at me. Maz stands up to stare at my eyes. “Your eyes still are afraid of the truth. They are afraid that you are jealous. Jealous of her.” Maz says pointing to Rey. I can see my Dad staring at me, so is Rey. I look away and everyone does the same. “What fight?” Rey asks to change the conversation. “The fight that has always been, good versus evil.” Maz continues, “I have seen evil take many forms. The Sith, the Empire, and now it is the Force Order.” “This is not a fight. Good will never win, why you think there still is evil. I have seen horrible things, and I have done some horrible things. Good doesn’t stand a chance.” Casey says standing up. She sits back down, as Maz takes a good look at her. “You have the eyes of someone afraid of their past mistakes.” Maz says. And just like me Casey looks away, ashamed. “Casey is right.” Finn replies. Maz stands up to look at his eyes. She answers, “You have the eyes of a man who wants to run. Captain Ithano can take you to the outer rim in exchange for work.” She points to a pirate made out of red metal sitting next to a fat alien. “I’ll take it.” Finn stands up, trying to hand my Dad back his blaster, but my Dad declines. As Finn walks over Rey stands up and follows him. I listened in closely, interested with their conversation. “Don’t go.” Rey says. “Look, I am not with the Resistance. I am a Stormtrooper, and I have to run. I am sorry.” Finn says walking away from Rey, abandoning her. Chapter 16 A little while later Rey comes up from the basement. She looked afraid as she ran outside. I began to follow her, as she ran wildly through the woods. I was actually pretty good at following her, but eventually she spotted me. “Go away.” She yells. “No. Rey, you can’t just leave Macy and BB8. We still need you.” As I say that I look to the sky along with Rey. The New Republic planets were being blown up by the First Order. Soon, TIE fighters and even Kylo’s ship could be seen in a distance. I ran, totally leaving Rey behind. Chapter 17 Running back to Father I heard it. The wavy sound of a lightsaber, obviously Kylo’s behind me. I turned around to be frozen by the force. “Ben.” I say. “Hello Lynn.” Kylo says circling around me. “Still a disappointment to Dad.” He unfreezes me. A tear rolls down my cheek. He runs up and flicks it away. “The joy of pain.” He says. “You are a monster.” I say. “At least I won’t ever be as disappointing as you!” I kick him and run towards my Dad. As I get close to my Dad I hug him crying. “I saw him…I saw Ben.” I look around as we stop hugging. We were surrounded. We were being pushed near a ship when Resistance X-wings start firing away. One ship was amazing flipping around, just destroying every target. Casey and Finn were clapping away. “Wow! What a great pilot!” Finn yells. Then I see her sitting in Kylo’s arms. Macy and Finn chase after the ship as it flies away. “No………REY!!!!” Finn and Macy yell. As Kylo’s ship flies away, a new ship lands. My Dad and I run up to it. The first person I see, my mother. Chapter 18 C3PO comes out to distract my father as I run towards her. She reaches out and hugs me. “I saw him.” I told her, “He is so strong in the force.” She pats me as I back away to board. I sit next to Casey and Macy. Macy was crying for her sister who was now in the hands of my brother. And of course Casey would comfort her. Casey knows what Rey is going through. I notice my Mom staring at them, more at Casey. I walk over to my Mom to see what is wrong. “Why is she here.” My Mom asks. “She’s my friend. Why? Because, she trained with Kylo? She is good now, don’t worry.” I reply. “Because I blame myself for her running away.” My mom says. “Why?” I ask. “Because, I told her she couldn’t be a pilot. I ruined her dreams. But, I still don’t trust her.” She answers. I walk back over to them and sit down. Please don’t be staring at us forever. Part 4: Casey’s View Chapter 19 During the battle, I saw them. Val and Calvin side by side fighting. They smiled at each other waving around their sabers. Mine was probably still at Jakku, in the sand. Han, Macy, Chewy, Finn, Lynn, and I were captured. They walked forward angry at me. They would probably have killed me right then and there, if the Resistance X-wing Squadron hadn’t arrived. One pilot was amazing; he spun around in a circle shooting around shooting at Calvin and Val. It could have been Poe if he were still alive. Calvin flew through landing on his back, and instant death. Val was shot down by the X-wing falling straight to the ground. Soon a spacecraft landed and I eagerly bordered. I sat next to Macy comforting her, because Rey had been taken. General Organa wasn’t happy to see me. In fact, most Resistance members on the spacecraft avoided me. To almost everyone I was a traitor, a runaway, a dark apprentice. Lynn stood and Macy stood by my side through. Lynn, being Leia’s daughter of course talked to her, but Leia stared at me anyways. We landed along with the pilots from today. I looked around to see who I could recognize. Jess Pava, Snap Wexly, and Landon (Donnie) Zartha. Landon was the only pilot my age. Surprisingly he was second in command. His X-wing was special; its name was the Orange One. It would have been my ship. Then I see it, Black One. Someone was climbing out of it. I look to BB8 and we run forward past Finn. “Poe?” He takes off his helmet and looks at me and BB8. “Casey.” He hugs me and turns to BB8, “BB8 my old pal.” Finn walks over not sure if it was true. “Poe. Poe Dameron.” Finn says. “Finn. Where were you? I woke up in the middle of nowhere.” Poe says. “I just woke up and walked over to the wreckage and found Casey.” Finn says. I look to see Macy walking over. “Poe, this is my friend Macy.” I say introducing Macy. Poe waves. “Poe, I need your help, see Kylo Ren captured my sister Rey.” Macy replies. Poe nodded and we run down to the command base center. Chapter 20 We followed Poe as he raced down the stairs of the base. Down their people were discussing battle plans eager to move on in the war. “General Organa, my friend here Finn needs to talk to you.” Poe says to Leia. “Yes, hello Finn. I just want to thank you for what you did.” Leia is cut off. “Look, I have a friend who was captured.” Finn starts. “Yes, I heard about your friend and I am so sorry. We’ll do our best to get her back. Right now we just need you to tell us all you know.” Leia finishes. I walk forward, but Leia backs away. “I can talk about what I know as well.” I say. She looks away to a general. The general nods and Leia steps forward. “Okay, I’ll call a meeting.” Leia replies. Chapter 21 Before the meeting starts I walk over to a corner, after BB8 wouldn’t stop pestering me. We walked over to what looked like a droid covered by a tan cloth. BB8 nudged me forward curious of what was underneath. “Alright.” I said happily. I pulled off the cloth to see a dusty R2-D2. C3PO walks forward noticing the finding of his old pal. I try to turn R2 on, but he wouldn’t turn on. “It’s no use, I am afraid. After Master Luke went away R2 put himself in sleep mode. He may never be back to his old self.” C3PO said. People started gathering around, so we left R2 and headed towards the center. Already there were some of the pilots and commanders. Many of which were really old. Admiral Statura stood ready. He was just a teen my age when the war against the empire ended. Admiral Ackbar had fought against evil since the clone wars. He is much older than General Organa and Han Solo. Many of the younger recruits call him the name of an extinct species. I think it was a squid or something like that. Aloras Mach was a commander in training my age. We had talked when I was younger, but I hanged out with the pilots more. Aloras was so smart, that Organa didn’t hesitant when making her a commander in training. Unlike me becoming a pilot. And finally of the commanders, was Major Ematt a veteran who claims that he knows every part of the galaxy. But, if he did we would have Luke Skywalker. I had known the pilots since forever, since I grew up with them. Snap Wexley has a distinct accent that everyone tries to copy, but trust me it’s hard. Jess Pava, one of the first girl pilots, once a huge inspiration for me, well until I turned dark. Ello Asty and Nien Nub were the only non-humanoid pilots, and are very experienced. Trinna Gallisin was a little older than me. She was one of the funniest pilots I have ever meant, but this doesn’t get in the way of her seriousness. Last but not least was Donnie Zartha a childhood friend. “So now I got competition for keeping second in command.” Donnie says. “Oh, I am not competition. I already have it in the bag.” I reply. “That’s not even a diss.” Donnie argues. I notice that Poe, Finn, and Organa were entering. I had to finish this quick. “Oh whatever, here they come.” I finish. I walk towards the three thinking of what I was going to say. Finally everyone becomes quiet. Everyone huddles around. Finn looks at me and I nod, we had to step forward and give my report. Another man, Major Brance, in charge of communication stepped forward. “General, we have received word that we are the First Order’s next target.” Everyone is quiet Too quiet. I step forward. I speak. Chapter 22 “I know what their weapon is and how they use it.” I say after stepping forward. “Well, go on.” General Organa says with a hint of annoyance. “It’s sort of a huge laser that gets it power from absorbing the energy of the sun.” I reply. “Like the Deathstar?” Ackbar asks stepping forward. “We wish. This is the Deathstar,” Poe interrupts. “And this is StarKiller base.” Everyone gasped. Starkiller base was five times the size of the death star. “If they have a weapon of that size than they must have a thermal oscillator.” Aloras says. “Yeah right here.” Finn says pointing to a hexagonal vent in the base. “If we could have someone blow it up then the laser wouldn’t have enough heat to do any damage.” Aloras replies. “Then we have someone go in and blow it up.” Han Solo says. “Yes, but they have shields our forces can’t penetrate.” Ackbar answers back. “So we have someone go in and disable the shields.” Statura says. Everyone looks at me. I shudder. I can’t go back to that place. “I’ll go.” Finn replies. “I like this guy.” Han chortles. “I need some help.” Finn says. “Lynn, Chewy, and I can get you in.” Han replies. “Why not Casey.” Leia asks. Donnie smirks, but Poe steps forward. “She has to fly General.” Poe answers. I smile. I am going to fly! I am going to be a Resistance pilot! “Alright, you know what to do.” Organa says to dismiss the meeting. I walk out with the pilots excited. We suit up and walk over to the X-wings. I get a whole bunch of pats on the backs, until I am next to Donnie. “I told you. Second place is the bag.” I tell him. He frowns and puts his hand to the back of his head. “Look, I am sorry about earlier. You can take Red 7.” He says walking over. Red 7 was old, but I didn’t care. I felt the adrenaline rushing through me. I was excited. Part 5: Macy’s view Chapter 23 I was happy, finally to go be saving Rey. Well, more like saving the galaxy, but my main priority was saving the galaxy, but my main priority was Rey. I think Finn probably agreed. We leave the base to see all the pilots ready to leave. Finn runs towards Poe, while Lynn and I spot Casey. She waves at us and jumps into her X-wing. Lucky, she gets to live her dreams. Well, new ones at least. Han and Chewy enter the Falcon first, but come out with supplies. They stare blankly at us. “They want us to go in.” Lynn whispers. I laugh; we walk in and take a seat waiting. “I never felt this much adrenaline before. Is it normal?” I ask Lynn. “I wouldn’t know this is my first mission too.” Lynn says. We smile. Finn come sin following Chewy and Han. Han and Lynn are in the cockpit while no one is in gunner position. I sit and try to imagine what Rey is going through. Probably being tortured. I shudder; I look to Finn staring at the ground. “Do you know what my sister is going through?” I ask him quietly. “Kylo is probably trying to get the map, but has failed.” Finn answers. “How do you know that?” I ask. “Because then he wouldn’t be attacking us.” Finn replies. Everything goes quiet the rest of the way. Chapter 24 We go out into the cold and grab supplies. We have explosives, blasters, and a lightsaber making us feel invincible. As we go outside Han stops to ask Finn a question. “So what were you stationed as?” Han Solo asks. “Sanitation.” Finn answers beginning to walk away. He gets pulled back by Han. “Sanitation? The whole galaxy is depending on us. How do you suppose we take down the shields?” Han asks. The blizzard starts to get worse. “The force.” Finn replies. “That’s not how the force works!” “Look I am here for Rey. I have a plan we just need to get inside.” We rush inside and take down two guards. We gather in a dark corner to hear Finn’s plan. “We find Captain Phasma, grab her, and force her to take down the shields.” He explains. We walk down stealthily through the dark hallways. Finally after several minutes we see a glimpse of her silver, bulky suit. We jump and grab her. “Yeah, see that Phasma. I am in charge now. I am in charge now.” Finn says happily, meanwhile Lynn and I are having an awfully hard time holding a straight face. We bring her inside, having Chewy keep guard. She walks over to a computer system and takes down the shields. She stands of and turns around. I wonder if she is angry, probably. “You won’t get away with this. My troops will stop you.” She exclaimed. Lynn snorted, and I chortled while everyone else smiled. “Hey Finn, is there some kind of trash compacter, garbage disposal?” Han asks. Lynn smiles and so does Finn but I don’t get the joke. “Yes, yes there is.” Finn says joking along. We rush down the hall ways in search of Rey. Finally we stop at a long hallway with a window at the end. Finn starts with this elaborate plan, but then out of the corner of my eye, I see her brown hair. I look to see her, climbing up a wall. It looked like Han and Lynn noticed too. We all start nodding our heads, for Finn to get annoyed. “Why do you keeping doing this?” Finn asks. He turns around and spots her and smiles. Rey was A-Okay. We rush over to where we spotted her. She turned down a hallway and gasped. Instead of running into Stormtroopers she ran into us. “Rey.” I whispered. We ran to each other and hugged. “How did you escape?” “I can’t explain it, but you wouldn’t believe it.” Rey says. Behind Finn waited for his hug. Rey let go of me to give him his hug. “Finn, what are you doing here?” Rey asked. Chewy roared to say that it was Finn’s idea. “What did he say?” Finn asked. “That it was your idea.” Rey said. “Stop hugging and more saving the galaxy.” Lynn said. We rush outside to see the pilots not doing so well. They were surrounded and needed a miracle, the explosives. Part 6: Casey’s view. Chapter 25 I really feel the adrenaline as we fly towards the target. It’s been forever since I have flown one of these things, so I was a little rusty. I was in the very back waiting for commands. The target comes in view. I get ready. “I want us to go in as a straight line, and fire everything we got at this thing.” Poe tells us. “Alright Poe.” Trinna Gallisin says. She was in the X-wing in front of me. “We’re with you Poe.” Donnie answers. Finally, it’s my turn. I aim my cannons and fire. Sadly, like the rest of the hits nothing does any damage. We had already received word that the shields were down so it was baffling that it wasn’t taking damage. “Remember as long as the sun is there we still got time.” Poe tells us to reassure everything would be okay. “Uh, Poe.” Donnie says. I look to my right and see it too. About, twice as many TIE fighters then our fleet were coming at us. “We got company.” Poe yells. The action starts, lasers everywhere. I shoot what I could and take down a few fighters, but at this rate, the sun would be gone by the time we get rid of the fighters. We were doomed. The Resistance was doomed. The whole galaxy was doomed. We needed a miracle. Part 7: Lynn’s View Chapter 26 My father, Chewy, and I went in with the explosives while Finn, Macy, and Rey were to stay in the falcon. Rey had to pull a switch before we went in, too make sure all doors were opened. Once we got in we shot a few troopers, and raced to the inside of the thermal oscillator. “Chewy up top and Lynn go middle. I’ll be at the bottom. Every other column.” My Father informs us. I hurried my way to the very ending, and placed down all my explosives. I walk back to the ladder and sit to wait. I then notice him, dark cloak, black and silver helmet, and red lightsaber. I could see the look in my father’s eyes. He was going to confront Ben. I dreaded this moment. Something will go wrong, I just know it. “Ben!” Dad yells. He walks down a dark bridge with no handle bars towards Kylo. “Han Solo. I've been waiting for this day for a long time.” Kylo says. “Take off that mask. You don't need it.” “What do you think you'll see if I do?” Rey, Macy, and Finn enter at a top deck. They have no clue what is going on, so they just helplessly watch. “The face of my son.” Han says. I could hear their gasp. Kylo takes off his helmet is lands on the ground with a thud. “Your son is gone. He was weak and foolish like his father, so I destroyed him.” “That's what Snoke wants you to believe, but it's not true. My son is alive.” “No. The Supreme Leader is wise.” “Snoke is using you for your power. When he gets what he wants, he'll crush you. You know it's true.” “It's too late.” “No, it's not. Leave here with me. Come home. We miss you.” For one second of his life I could see happiness in Ben Solo. “I'm being torn apart. I want to be free of this pain. I know what I have to do but I don't know if I have the strength to do it. Will you help me?” “Yes. Anything.” Ben reaches out to hand Han his lightsaber. Han walks forward to take it, but Ben won’t let go. It’s a struggle, each pulling hard on their side. Ben wins. He pulls his lightsaber away, and I watched in horror as he thrusts forward and slashed it down. Han lays on the bridge and Kylo, not Ben walks away. Ben Solo, was no more. “No!” Rey screams. I begin to cry. I shoot at Kylo, hitting him in his side. Kylo was not my brother, not anymore. We run down towards my Dad to see he was still breathing. Chewy carries him as we walk out an join Rey, Macy, and Finn. My Dad was in a coma. Chewy blasts the bombs as he carries Han through the snow. The explosion made a lot of damage, but the oscillator still worked. The sun was almost gone meaning they were just about ready to launch. The galaxy wasn’t in our hands anymore. It was with the pilots. Part 8: Casey’s View Chapter 27 We were struggling. TIE fighters everywhere and the oscillator weren’t exploding. Then, finally a miracle. A small section pf the oscillator exploded. Because it was so big, two of us would have to go in and blow up the rest. My brother being in charge, of course chose me and himself to go in. Donnie and Snap offered to cover us. We fly inside and choose which side to blow up. I go right and he goes left. I concentrated and blew up as much as I could. Finally, everything explodes. I turn my ship all the way around a whole 360 degrees to avoid the fire. The droid that was in my X-wing GG-48 (red really grumpy) squealed happily. Meanwhile……………………………………. Part 9: Macy’s view Chapter 28 Chewy and Lynn ran very fast in front of us. Suddenly they disappeared, but Finn and I knew where the falcon was so wasn’t a big deal. Then, he popped out in front of us, Rey hid behind Finn and I hid behind Rey. Kylo Ren walked forward hitting his side, and out coming his own blood. It took me a moment to remember Lynn shot him. He drew open his saber and Rey aimed to shoot. Using the force he threw her into a tree, and she fell to the ground. “Rey!” I yell running over to her. Finn flashes Luke’s saber. Kylo becomes angry. “That lightsaber belongs to me.” Kylo yells. “Then come and get it.” Finn yells and the battle begins. I wanted to focus on them, but I was too worried about Rey. I tapped her, shook her, but she wouldn’t wake up until Finn was pinned to a tree. Kylo walked forward forcing his saber into Finn’s shoulder. Finn gets away only to have his saber throw out into the snow. He turns only to be hit in the back by Kylo. Rey stares in horror only to run to Finn. I close my eyes, and watch as the lightsaber flies over to me instead of Kylo. I smile. He runs up to me and puts his saber over mine pushing me towards the ground. I feel my self-falling in pain; I concentrate and make him fly into a tree. But, out of exhaustion I fall to the ground. Rey picks up the saber and runs towards Kylo. I watch lying in the snow as Rey and Kylo go back and forth. They run off to a distance where I couldn’t see them anymore. The ground shakes, and only Rey comes back. I stand up to see the lights of the falcon. Chewy grabs Finn as Rey and I race towards Lynn. As we do I grab Rey’s hand. She smiles with tears of joy and sadness running down her face. In her mind she was probably happy for the first order’s defeat, but worried about Finn. Lynn and Rey race to the cockpit as Chewy wouldn’t leave Han’s side. I sit down and think. We see Resistance Pilots fly back with us, and we knew we did it. The Resistance was saved. The whole Galaxy was saved. Chapter 29 When we got to the Resistance base, a vehicle rushes to pick up Han and Finn. A lot of people run to follow it; meanwhile Lynn, Casey, and I just stand there. Rey goes off to talk to General Organa. Us trio of girls run to an empty dining hall and sit down. We had been through a lot. “We really owe you guys back there with those bombs.” Casey says smiling. “Yeah, but you pilots where the ones who actually blew it up.” I say. We all smile except for Lynn. She stares down at the ground. “Oh Lynn, I have no clue what you’re going through now, but I am so sorry.” Casey says. “Lynn, you been through so much, you’re the true hero.” I say. She sniffles. “It was like a piece of my soul was ripped out.” She says. A pilot walks in. Casey waves. “Girls, this is Donnie. He is pilot of Orange 1, second in command.” Casey says. “Yeah, hi. Umm… we have some news. R2 woke up, and he had the rest of the map.” Donnie says. I stand up along with Casey. “Well, come on Lynn. You have to do something then just mope.” Casey says. Lynn nods her head and stands up. We walk to the command base to start a new chapter in our lives. Part 10: Lynn’s View Chapter 30 It’s been a few days since Rey and Macy left for Luke. Casey is off talking to her pilot friends, and I am getting ready for my mission. I still have the part with me. And with it I am going to track down our parents. I have decided to take a small Starhopper, today. Casey walks over. She smiles and hugs me. “Be careful out there, and take care of yourself. You may not like the answers you get.” She says. “I know, but I have to get some answers.” I say hopping into the Starhopper. Casey waves goodbye as I take off into the atmosphere. This is it Macy, time to get some answers. Part 11: Casey’s View Epilogue I sat down in the mess hall with some of the fellow pilots and commanders. I sit next to Aloras and Trinna wondering what happened to Donnie. In fact, as I look over to Snap and Jess, Poe was missing too. “So, do you think Rey found Luke yet?” I ask Aloras. “Hard to tell, she would communicate to us, but Luke might be in an area without connection.” Aloras says. She is right. That sounds like where Luke would want to hide. Donnie and Poe walk in. They walk over to the table where Trinna, Aloras, and I were sitting. “We have a surprise for you.” Poe tells me. “Really, a surprise for me.” I say happily. I stand up and walk outside to see a new X-wing next to Black 1 and Orange 1. “Meet Purple 1.” Poe says. It was a beautiful newly built X-wing. With one Purple stripe going all around it. “So, I am promoted to number three?” I ask. “No, number two.” Donnie says. “But, what about you. I thought you wanted to be number two?” I ask. “We’ll your right, you had in the bag. And besides, third isn’t so bad.” Donnie says. We all smile. I see Organa in a distance also smiling. She did this. She actually did something nice for me. And now, I am truly a Resistance pilot. “We’ll come on Purple One, we got you some training to do.” says Poe. I smile and think of everything I had become. I was no longer an outcast. No longer with the dark. I was Casey Dameron, and finally I felt like I was truly that. The End