She was working at her desk, minding her own business when it happened. She had finally moved on from him and now had a new, relatively stable relationship with an officer with the same status as her. She was finally content after several weeks of internal misery after he told her that he couldn't truly love her and that she was a mere distraction. He told her that she was disposable and that he was starting to grow bored of her. She could feel his eyes boring into her back as she worked. What was his problem? She tried to ignore it, but then General Hux came over to her station and told her that Ren requested her presence, the leader of the Knights of Ren was no longer in sight. "In his quarters, I assume?" "Correct lieutenant." "Tell the commander to go Fuck himself" she thought. She sighed and slowly got up from her chair and made her way in the direction of Kylo Ren's quarters. Seeing that the general nor her station was not longer in sight, she turned and went in the direction of the mess hall instead. It's not like Kylo would report that she never showed up, especially for... personal reasons. She decided that she would instead have an early meal and then head back to her station and say that she had to deliver a message to another officer or something. Soon, she smelt the aromas that came from the mess hall, and got in line to receive her food. She sat down and began to eat while also doing some work on her data pad and when she was done she made her way back to her station. When she did get back, she was surprised to see her ex- lover and General Hux conversing with each other in a corner. This was not good, why would he even report that she didn't show up. She took another deep breath and walked in nonchalantly and quickly and quietly sat at her position. Maybe she was just being paranoid, she convinced herself of that and continued her work. Not even fifteen minutes later, she heard footsteps coming up behind her. "(Y/N)" she heard a taunting mechanical voice say. She took a deep breath and turned to face him. "Yes, commander?" She replied as calmly as she could. "Come with me." She sighed and got up to follow him. "Great." She thought sarcastically. He led them both down several halls until he reached the entry way that opened to his quarters. He quickly typed in the code and the door open showing the familiar monochromatic interior. He gestured her to go in before him, and he followed after her. The door closed behind them and she was now trapped for the time being with him. "You didn't come when I requested." The girl looked away from him and crossed her arms. She had nothing to say to him, he had broken her heart, and now that she was finally over it, he appears and now threatens to drag her back down this hole of despair. "(Y/N)" he called trying to get her attention. "(Y/N)" he tried again. Her back was still to him. She heard him sigh through the mask and then she heard him taking it off and dropping it on the ground. He came around to face her and touched her cheeks with his gloved hands. She looked away from him with her arms still crossed, pretending that he wasn't there. "(Y/N) please." That was when he heard a sniffle,and he quickly brought her into an embrace. (Y/N) tried to push him away, but his grip on her was to tight. She resorted to hitting him with clenched fists as hard as she could in her restrained state. "Let go of me!" She yelled with a final shove. Kylo did let her go after the words left her mouth."I finally had gotten over you, I've moved on, why can't you just accept that!" She exclaimed with tears brimming. "(Y/N), I'm- I'm so sorry, what I said, what I said I didn't-" "It doesn't matter, what you said is what you said, and it hurt, I understand what I am to you and I chose to stop that!" She took a deep breath. " I moved on, I have a healthy relationship now with a person who actually cares for me." "No" "Excuse me?" "I won't allow it." "Oh, like you can control who I date and love." "I am your commander, of course I can." The girl tsked at this, he treats her like an object that can be thrown away, and now he wants her back? She shook her head and made her way to the door. She pressed the button that made the door open, but they didn't, in fact, open. She turned to glare at him. "Open the goddamn door Ren!" She hissed "No" "Your acting like a fucking child Ren, open this door!" "So what if I am!" He calmed down after a breath. "Please (Y/N), just give me a chance, I'll do anything, I'll give you everything, I just want you by my side." Tears were now brimming in both of their eyes. He looked so desperate, his soft brown eyes had the look of pure sadness within them. The girl could tell that he was, in fact, truly sorry, but she couldn't do this. She couldn't bring herself to risk again to suffer that amount of heartache from this man again. She told herself no, but the words came out of her mouth completely different. "Okay." She whispered. Kylo looked at her with relief now in his eyes and rushed to embrace her again. "Oh, (Y/N), I'll never let you go again, I'm so so sorry, please, please forgive me." He ducked his head into her shoulders and began to rock them both as they stood. Tentatively, she raised a hand and began to run her fingers through his soft locks. She felt him give a sigh of relief and nuzzled farther into her shoulder. She could now feel his lips brushing against her collar bone as he was kissing the skin. His mouth moved upwards to her neck and then met her lips. The kiss was slow but quickly got passionate and sloppy. Suddenly, she felt herself be lifted up and she automatically wrapped her legs around his torso. He walked them both into his bedroom and gently laid her on the mattress before climbing on top of her. He began kissing her again and ran his hands up and down the length of her torso. He began to take outer layers of his robes off and quickly tossed them to the side. Then, he began to take off her uniform jacket and lifted the shirt beneath it over head and tossed those in another random corner. Her boots and pants were the next to go. This left her only in her bra and panties, and she naturally curled In on herself due to insecurity. Kylo took her hands in his and put them above her head and kissed her in reassurance. He quickly moved to her neck. He let go of her hands and went to unclasp her bra. He kissed down to her breasts and began to knead one with his hand and suck the other into his plush lips. He then switched and lavished attention on the pebbling buds. He kissed the valley between her breasts and continued downward, nipping here and there, but still remaining his slow pace. When he reached her center, he nuzzled above were her panties covered and then moved away to kiss down one of her legs. It seemed as if he was trying memorize each piece of skin he suckled on. When he finished going down one leg, and became close to her center again, he went back up and did the same thing with her other leg. (Y/N) cried out in frustration at this. She could feel him smirk against her skin at her pleas. When he did, in fact, make it down the other leg, he began to mouth her folds through the cloth covering it and then proceeded to pull the final piece of clothing off. He threw her legs over his shoulders and buried his head into her center, acting like a man would hadn't drank for days. His movements were so desperate and deliberate, so relieved to have a taste of her again. "Mmmm, Kylo." She moaned His tongue swirled inside her as his nose simulated her clit. She threaded her hands through his hair and encouraged him to keep going. She withered and whined on the sheets as he continued his relentless attacks on her womanhood. He then moved to suckle her clit between his teeth, nipping lightly, and that's what did it for her. "Kylo, I'm gonna-" she was cut off by a huge wave of pleasure coming over her. Her back arched away from where she laid and her eyes were squeezed shut. Kylo licked her through her orgasm and slurped up everything she gave to him with excessively lud noises. He kissed his way back up to her mouth, and she could feel him smiling again as he nipped her bottom lip, asking access. She gladly accepted and she could now taste herself on his tongue. She felt him grind against her entrance, slicking himself up in her juices, then push himself inside her slowly. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled them both so that they were now sitting and (Y/N) was now sitting on him. He guided her up and down his length, still holding on to her tightly, afraid that she might just slip away. He buried his head back into her shoulder and she could hear him softly weeping. "K-Kylo?" "Please don't le-leave me." His grip tightened at this and his pace got more sloppy. She carded her fingers through his hair and gently stroked through the locks as he wept into her shoulder. It was slow paced and intimate this time, this often didn't happen when she was with Ren. When they did eventually finish, Kylo flipped them back onto the bed with him nuzzled between her breasts, and idly played with them, as if a distraction to keep himself calm. He stayed inside her, reveling in her warmth. (Y/N), on the other hand, ran her fingers through his hair as she laid back on the pillows. Kylo looked up at her through his lashes, and she kissed him on his forehead. "I'm sorry (Y/N), please forgive me." She nodded her head slowly and looked up at the ceiling, waiting for her heart rate to decrease and that was how they both fell asleep that night