“I’m fine!” Mitaka insisted, even as he was leaning heavily against his station. General Hux arched an eyebrow. “Does your definition of ‘fine’ entail you limping around this battle station like an aged ugnaught? No, you are not fine. Do you want to explain yourself, Lieutenant?” “Sir, it’s just a little…” Mitaka stopped short, looking around as though suddenly realizing they were both surrounded by officers working alongside him and he couldn’t speak candidly. Hux huffed irritably and grabbed his Lieutenant by the arm. He didn’t have time for this! He pulled Mitaka around the corner down one of the lesser used corridors. “What?” He said in a hushed, clipped tone. “What is the matter?” Mitaka’s eyes went wide. “I…it was last night, sir.” “Yes? What about it.” The more Hux watched the pink rise Mitaka’s cheeks the more the issue became clear. “Oh…” “Harder, please, sir,” Hux recalled Mitaka begging this the night before as he had the Lieutenant bent over the desk. “I can take it. Please.” And even after Hux was done and spent, Mitaka rutted against the desk like a nexu in heat. Meanwhile, Kylo Ren was watching it all, shirtless and cock unleashed from his black pants. One leg was swung over the chair as he rubbed himself at the Lieutenant’s whorish display. Hux remembered how Mitaka spread his legs wider and yet still managed to blush shyly at Kylo as he asked in that velvety soft voice, “Please, my lord. I need more…” “Sir,” Mitaka said, bringing Hux back to the present. “I have so much to do today. Please…” “No more begging for you, Lieutenant. That’s what got you in this pickle in the first place, pardon the expression.” “I’m fine,” Mitaka said again. “No, you are done. Go to your quarters and rest. That’s an order.” Mitaka stiffened at the order, the hurt in his eyes was a familiar one, especially from this officer. “You…” Hux hated that he had to say this outloud…again. “You haven’t disappointed anyone, Phel.” “Bren…I promise in the future…” “You aren’t impressing anyone by staying silent. Tell us if it is too much. Trust me, Ren and I have much more creative ways,” Hux ran a gloved hand along Mitaka’s jawline, “to entertain the three of us than than overexerting your orifices.” Mitaka melted into his touch. “I’ll report early tomorrow. To make up the time.” Hux drew him in, his lips barely grazed Mitaka’s and he whispered. “Make it up to us when you’re healed.” A soft sound escaped Mitaka’s lips. “Yes, sir.” Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the Secrets of the Finalizer series Next Work →