FN-2187 is a Stormtrooper, and Stormtroopers have many rules. There are rules about weapons and fraternization and when to kill and when to maim, but there is one rule that has been ingrained in every Trooper since their first rotation as a cadet. There are orders, and then there are Orders. The first category consists of menial things, things that Troopers can ignore without fearing harsh rebukes and retribution. Like oh-three-hundred marches, which are run by very lenient Trooper officers who don't care if a few people skip. Like when a low-ranking non-Trooper officer tells a Trooper to go on bathroom duty for the rest of the week. Like when a cadet lies on the ground in the middle of a battle, pristine white helmet and torso smeared with crimson, and orders a Trooper to leave them behind. Those can all be ignored. Orders, capital-O, consist of much higher-stakes things. For example, an order comes from a fellow cadet of similar rank and designation and is usually trivial. If Captain Phasma or General Hux or even Kylo Ren give an Order, it doesn't matter whether or not the Trooper in question is sleeping or in sickbay or on their way to reconditioning or on the other side of the base. The Trooper is required to drop everything and run to fulfill the Order given. FN-2187 knows this well, and it is why all of his commanding officers have always marked him down as potential officer material , the closest thing to a compliment in the Trooper ranks. He follows Orders in battlepreps, in training sessions, during Morning Speeches and Afternoon Speeches and Night Speeches. He even gives Orders sometimes to Nines and Slip and Zeroes during particularly difficult battlepreps. He's twenty-three rotations and by now he knows orders and he knows Orders. So when Captain Phasma holos him during sanitation duties and tells him to report to General Hux's office immediately, he knows it's an Order, gives his supplies to Nines and leaves. General Hux's office is dark, much like its owner, but it's much bigger than the barracks, which he shares with the rest of his squad. He even has his own personal belongings—a desk, a comfortable looking chair, assorted folders, and a window with a view. FN-2187 feels envy well up inside of him, for the only personal belongings he'd had were when he was a cadet and they'd been taken away once he'd been assigned to real training. Captain Phasma and General Hux are waiting for him there, and he salutes them, as he has been trained to do for as long as he can remember. "At ease," says Captain Phasma, and he stands at attention. "FN-2187, you may be wondering why we have called you here." Yes, FN-2187 thinks. But will you tell me? She does. "As you know, FN-2187, the Resistance has been an unfortunate thorn in the side of the First Order for years. Kylo Ren insists that we do something about it." "Yes, Captain," he says, unsure of what else to say. That of course is because he has no idea what the helmet is going on. Why has he been called in here? What do they want him to do? "Ren also claims that the Resistance has a map," General Hux says, speaking up for the first time. Ren, he calls him. It'd be an affectionate nickname if it weren't spoken with so much hatred. "A map that leads directly to Luke Skywalker." It's all FN-2187 can do to remain composed. Luke Skywalker, the savior of the Resistance from thirty years ago. Luke Skywalker, the son of Darth Vader, whom Kylo Ren worships as though he were still living. Luke Skywalker, the last Jedi. Of course he's heard of Luke Skywalker, everyone has. There have always been serious doubts about his existence because no one's seen him in the last few decades or so, but a map that leads directly to him—no wonder Kylo Ren wants it. "Yes General." "FN-2187, your instructors have always marked you as loyal, dutiful, brave, smart, strong," says Captain Phasma with just a hint of pride in her voice. He stands up straighter, relishing in the implied compliment. "You have always scored in the top one percent of your evaluations and battlepreps." "Yes, Captain," he answers. It's true, he has. He doesn't see why that's such a big deal—Nines also makes it in the top one percent sometimes, and Zeroes is handy with a blaster and Slip…well, Slip slips up, it's what he does. But what makes him so special? "Remove your helmet, FN-2187." General Hux's words nearly scare him out of his wits, but after a quick look from Phasma he knows it's an Order and he does as asked. The influx of oxygen makes him light-headed for a moment, and his eyes quickly adjust to the light—even dimmer than he'd thought. General Hux scrutinizes him like a predator analyzes its prey. FN-2187 does not sweat or tear his gaze away, something that makes him immensely proud of himself. General Hux sniffs and backs away. To Captain Phasma, he says, "He will do." Captain Phasma nods and comes closer to him. "FN-2187, you have been chosen to go on an undercover mission. You will infiltrate the Resistance, become one of them." She spits out them the way Troopers say moof-milker or Kylo Ren . "You will keep General Hux and myself posted on what is going on, tell us their secrets. And when you find the map to Skywalker, you will bring it to us. You will help the First Order take down the Resistance from the inside." It's so overwhelming. FN-2187 fights not to let any emotion show on his face. He wishes he were still wearing his helmet but won't dare do so unless Captain Phasma or the General tell him to. "How will I get in touch with you, Captain?" he asks, because the enormity of everything else he wants to ask is threatening to tear him to shreds. "You will be given a wristband," says Captain Phasma, "designed by our top techs. If you press a button, it will act as an earpiece. You will only use it in private locations where you know that no one from the Resistance is spying on you. We cannot have this mission jeopardized, FN-2187. You are our last shot." This is crazy. Maybe Captain Phasma is crazy—what was it they used to chant in secret about the Captain in the Young Cadets before they went off on duty? Crazy as a lylek, nasty as a reek, put her in a pie dish, give her to the neek? It'd been discouraged as individualism, and UT-1200, the ringleader, had been decommissioned as a result. But no. She's serious. They're both serious. "I'll do it, Captain," he says. "Excellent," says Captain Phasma. No pride, nothing in her voice to give her away. She sounds as though she'd known he'd accept all along. "You will leave in eight hours. FN-2000, FN-2003 and FN-2199 will not know about this. In order to fulfill this deception, everyone here will think you defected. It will make your story more believable." "Captain…" FN-2187 knows he shouldn't interrupt but there's a burning question inside of him. "Isn't General Organa a Jedi? Won't she be able to read my mind and know that I'm not a defector?" Captain Phasma scoffs. "Honestly, FN-2187, I thought you were smarter than this. General Organa will know that you are a defecting Stormtrooper because that is what you are going to think whenever you are around her. Do not ever let your mind stray to your mission in her presence. She may not be a Jedi like her brother, but she is still strong with the Force and you cannot let her find out your true nature. Keep your mind on lockdown, FN-2187. Is that quite clear?" "Yes, Captain." General Hux clears his throat, reminding FN-2187 that he is still in the room. "There will be a TIE Fighter waiting for you in the main hangar in eight hours. You will leave with as much fuss as possible. Head toward the Ileenium System—that's where their base is. The communicator wristband will be in the navigation box." Then a pause. "You are dismissed, FN-2187." FN-2187 salutes. "General," he says with a nod, and makes for the door. "FN-2187." He stops. "Put your helmet back on." He does as she says, and then he leaves. Slip is all questions when FN-2187 returns to the barracks. All Troopers have eight hours a day to use as an allotted dormancy period, and FN-2187 and Slip and Nines and Zeroes use the same eight hours a day every day. Some units do the same; other units can't stand to be near each other and have different dormancy periods. "What'd Captain Phasma want?" "Nothing," he says, sitting down on his cot and removing his helmet. Slip's helmet is on his lap, and he's polishing a few dirty spots off it with a rag. Zeroes' uniform lies on his cot, and he polishes each piece of it with the care of a mother, or so FN-2187 imagines. Nines is still wearing his. "Nines, thanks for taking my shift today." Nines grunts. His helmet comes off with a pop-hiss, like someone's opening a bottle of beer. "No problem, Eight-Seven." His tone suggests that it is, in fact, a problem, and FN-2187's sorry he'd asked. To Zeroes and Slip, he says, "Gigi—GG-0899—was working near Kylo Ren's part of the base and she says that Fiver—you know, JR-5555—saw Kylo Ren take his shirt off before going in the shower." "Yeah, that's usually how showers work, Nines," says Slip. "Shut it, bucket-head. Anyway, I bet he looked even shrimpier than normal. He probably weighs a hundred pounds soaking wet in that little black getup." "You interested in Kylo Ren shirtless, Nines?" asks Zeroes with a smirk. He receives a punch to the shoulder that's not entirely playful. "No I'm not." That's true. After all, even if fraternization weren't forbidden, anyone who even looks the wrong way at Kylo Ren gets a swift decommission. "I just figured you'd want to know so you can share it around. May as well make Kylo Ren look more human than he is." All Stormtroopers own are stories, and since stories are so valuable, this one will probably be spread all over the base by tomorrow. FN-2187 doesn't particularly care that he won't be here to see it. "Eight-Seven?" FN-2187 turns to see Slip looking at him, practically vibrating on his cot. "I used the technique you helped me with in the last battleprep and this time I got nine out of fifteen bullseyes instead of four like last time." Nine out of fifteen is far from perfect, but FN-2187's still proud of Slip's achievement. "Good for you," he says with a small smile in Slip's direction. "If this keeps up then you'll be a model Stormtrooper in no time." Slip beams from FN-2187's compliment, but Zeroes scoffs. "Slip didn't slip up? It's practically a miracle. Alert the Captain, Nines. Let's all celebrate his mediocre score as opposed to his normal shitty one." Nines sniggers, and when Slip's shoulders slump in defeat, FN-2187's anger flares up. They're a team, and bullying is not tolerated under FN-2187's watch. "Hey," he snaps. Their heads shoot up. "Zeroes, if I remember correctly, your average score is seven out of fifteen on the battlepreps, so I would shut up if I were you." Zeroes angrily folds his arms over his chest, turning to Nines and speaking to him instead. Slip gives FN-2187 a quicksilver smile before moving to finish polishing his helmet. FN-2187 standing up for Slip has done him no favors with the rest of his Troopers, as he'd suspected anyway. FN-2187 lies down on his cot, half in his armor and half not. This is to be his last night on Starkiller Base, he thinks. No more lumpy cots. No more bickering Troopers to share a room with. No more barely inedible food. No more oh-three-hundred marches. It'd never been much, but it had been home, and now he's losing it all to go on a mission for Captain Phasma and General Hux. The lights switch off, but FN-2187 doesn't go to sleep for a long time. FN-2187 wakes up with the grace of two spaceships crashing into each other, his heart pounding in his chest like he'd run a hundred miles with no water. He takes a quick look at the clock on the wall—it's been six and a half hours since he'd gone to sleep. He has very little time left to get up to the main hangar and find the TIE Fighter that General Hux had said would be there. He dresses quickly and quietly, careful not to wake up anyone. The last thing he needs right now is for Slip or Zeroes or Nines to wake up and ask where he's going. Or worse yet, tail him. He goes to the door quietly, picking up his helmet from the dresser next to it, and takes one last look at his quarters. He'll never see Nines or Slip or Zeroes again. He'll never see this room again. It's a bittersweet feeling. Before he can change his mind, he walks out the door, putting on his helmet as he does so to avoid suspicion. He's just a model Stormtrooper, not at all one on a dangerous undercover mission that might get him shot and court-martialed before he even gets to the Ileenium System. The few Stormtroopers out and about nod respectfully to him, but thankfully no one stops to make conversation. He makes it to the hangar, where about ten Troopers are on break and chatting with one another. A group of nonTrooper lieutenants pass him by. "Stay calm, stay calm," FN-2187 mutters to himself. He can't afford to break down now, not when he's so close. Where is it? Where's the TIE Fighter General Hux had told him about? He looks frantically around and he calms down exponentially upon seeing a one-man Special Forces TIE Fighter, the kind only used by officers like Captain Phasma. Looking around to make sure no one's watching, he walks quickly and efficiently to the far wall where the TIE Fighter stands at the ready. He climbs up into it and slides into the cockpit with a thump, bracing himself for everyone to start shooting, but no one on the outside notices. He takes note of the controls—relatively similar to those that he'd used during battlepreps and simulations, with the exception of these new blaster systems. He can only really shoot blasters, though. FN-2187 sees a button that he doesn't recognize and decides to push it, wondering what it does. The TIE Fighter lurches forward and rises crookedly in the air. "Shit," FN-2187 says conversationally, even though his voice is shaking and his insides feel like they've been strapped to a booster rocket. He sees through the windshield that the Troopers have taken notice of him, and Force almighty, they're unpacking megablasters. Shit. He needs to get out of here now. He starts to push random buttons, jiggling the joysticks on the control panel, but nothing happens. Wait. He looks down at the blaster system, and makes a spur of the moment decision. He uses the toggle on the left to switch from mag pulse to missiles, and uses the site on the right to aim at the battalion of Troopers quickly growing below. This has to work. "Please work," he says, and pulls the trigger. With a noise that sounds like a firecracker, the missiles are launched from the blaster system, and FN-2187 lets out a whoop of appreciation as he tears up the parked TIE Fighters and gun emplacements with strategic laser blasts. With a grin slowly blooming—he's having the time of his life now—he shoots a large blast at the control room, impeding the technicians in there from firing after him. "Okay, enemy taken care of," he says. "Now, I need to get out of here." He moves the joysticks forward, and the TIE Fighter flies off out of the hangar and into the stars with a speed so intense it nearly gives him whiplash. "Force, shit—okay, okay, Ileenium System, how do I get to the Ileenium System?" He knows that they're near several desert planets now, but the Ileenium System is pretty far away. He notices a navigation box sitting on the seat next to him. With one hand on the controls, he reaches for it and grabs it. It's a four-fiver, one of the ones that he actually knows the authorization code to, and he could cry of relief. "Authorization code: 9304SKB," he practically yells at it, setting the box back on the seat next to him so he can steer further away from the ship. A holographic map blossoms up from the box as he drives the ship further away. "Where may I direct you today?" it asks politely. Thank the Force it's set to Basic. He doesn't think he could handle it if it'd been set to droid or something. "Ileenium System," he says, shouting so it can hear him. "Take me to the Ileenium System." "Calculating route to the Ileenium System—" Its voice is cut off by FN-2187 cursing up a blue streak because damn it , now they're shooting after him too! Shit! He puts the TIE Fighter back into gear and turns it around, aiming its blasters back at the opening of the hangar, where guns and blasters are being fired at him like crazy. Damn it! Cannons. He needs to take out the cannons. If this were a battleprep he'd have to take out the cannons first. He arcs the TIE Fighter back and makes it dive through the opening between the levels of the massive ship, then flies down and back along the ship's belly where the cannons are warming up and will soon be ready to fire. His grip on the toggles is sweaty as he blasts salvos of lasers and, on his third attempt, hits a series of cannons, which explode in a series of sparks. "YES! YES!" "Directing route to Ileenium System. Prepare for jump into hyperspace in ten seconds." The voice is calm and cool. FN-2187 pilots the TIE Fighter forward, wondering for a moment why he's so lucky today. Ten seconds pass, and then the TIE Fighter disappears, leaving no proof that it had ever been there at all. When he's in hyperspace, he puts the ship on autopilot and takes this time to remove his helmet, allowing him to breathe freely for the first time. He catches a glimpse of the clock on the navigation box and is stunned beyond belief to see that it's been only half an hour since he'd woken up. He wonders if Nines and Slip and Zeroes are up now, if they'd been the ones firing at him back at the hangar. Suddenly he looks down at himself. If he's going to play the part of a defecting Stormtrooper, then he needs to get rid of his armor, doesn't he? He almost doesn't want to, as he's had this armor for such a long time that it's practically a part of him. He knows every nook, cranny and scratch of it better than he knows his own skin. Getting rid of it is…almost unimaginable. The navigation box beeps to let him know that he's no longer in hyperspace. "Thanks," he says. Then he notices something new that had escaped his attention earlier: the wristband that Captain Phasma and General Hux had talked about earlier is taped to the back of the box. He rips it off in two short tugs and puts it on his left wrist. It fits him well, and their techs must really know what they're doing because he can't tell that it's secretly a communicator even though he knows that it is. A new thought comes to mind when he looks at the wristband. "Uh…navigation box? I don't suppose you know where the Resistance base is?" "Calculating route to Resistance base—" "No, no, that's okay, really," he says quickly, because he doesn't need the entire route to be reconfigured. "You don't have to—" "Resistance Base, D'Qar," says the navigation box. "D'Qar is three planets away from the edge of the Ileenium System. En route to D'Qar now." FN-2187's brows furrow in confusion. "How did you know where it is?" "Information inputted by General Elan Bartram Hux," says the navigation box. FN-2187 holds back a snicker upon hearing the general's full name. Elan? Really? But in all seriousness, how had Hux known about the precise location of the Resistance base? Hadn't he just said that they thought it to be somewhere in the Ileenium System? What hadn't they told him? The frantic beeping of his dashboard makes him frantic by default. "What the helmet ?" is all he can say to himself. The TIE Fighter seems to be losing speed at a too-quick pace, and it's beginning to decline alarmingly fast. "Shit shit shit," he says under his breath. He pushes every button he can think of, including the auto-pilot controls, but nothing happens. The navigation box helpfully tells him that he's in the atmosphere of D'Qar, and he swears at it. "Shit!" He is falling, falling, falling. His helmet bounces off the seat next to him and falls onto the floor with a thud, as does the navigation box. His heart leaps into his throat as the TIE Fighter descends so quickly that he thinks that the engines must be on fire or something. The TIE Fighter is so low that he can clearly see the grassy mounds and sunken structures on the ground. "Brace for landing," says the navigation box helpfully. FN-2187 grips the controls tightly, says a final prayer, and when the TIE Fighter crashes into the ground he goes unconscious instantly. Chapter 2 Since he’d been a cadet, FN-2187 had had to wake up at unreasonable hours to train or eat or attend early marches. He’d watched some of his fellow cadets get beaten up by the Trooper officers for not getting up fast enough, so he had learned to get up as quickly as possible in order to survive. At the first hint of noise, however, FN-2187 gets up but immediately freezes when he notices a man pointing a blaster at him, looking very determined. His expression dares FN-2187 to move, lest he wants his head blown off. Always one to follow orders, he does not move a muscle. Instead he takes the time to observe, to think of a plan. The man holding a weapon looks about ten or so years older than him, with curly black hair and dark brown eyes and a style of stubble that he doesn’t quite recognize. He’s got a small droid by his side, and it’s orange and white and round and looks perfectly innocent, except FN-2187 has learned never to underestimate anyone by now, so he’s wary of the droid too. He’s in a room that he doesn’t recognize, either. It’s obviously some kind of infirmary, based on the smell and the machines, but it isn’t the infirmary on Starkiller Base. Why aren’t Slip and Nines and Zeroes here? Why isn’t Captain Phasma or even General Hux in here chewing him out for getting injured? What in the world is—? Suddenly it all comes back to him a rush. His mission. Escaping Starkiller Base amidst blaster fire and calls for his death. Flying to the Ileenium System with the aid of his navigation box. Defecting from the only home he’s ever known. Crashing and falling unconscious the moment his ship had hit the ground. Oh shit, he realizes. He’s in the same room as a Resistance member and his pet droid. He’s actually in the Resistance base on D’Qar. And for some reason, they haven’t shot him on sight. He would have, if he’d been in their shoes. What’s wrong with these people? Despite his bold thoughts, FN-2187 is more frightened here than he has ever been in his life, but he doesn’t dare show it. Although it kills him to admit it, the Resistance man here is the one with the real power, so all he does is breathe and keep eye contact and hopes that his fear doesn’t show on his face. Finally, the Resistance man speaks. “So who talks first?” he says, sounding bored. “I talk first? You talk first?” FN-2187 is not quite sure what to say to this. “Why am I alive?” he asks, brows furrowing. He moves to prop himself up higher on his elbows but the Resistance man’s grip on his blaster tightens and he decides against it. “You should have killed me.” The man snorts. “Don’t fall over yourself saying thanks, Trooper.” And shit, they know what he is. Why wouldn’t they? He’d been found with his armor on. The man sighs, after seeing FN-2187’s stricken expression. “Sorry for snapping. It’s—look, I don’t know why General Organa ordered us to save you. She just said it was important for us to let you live. So we did.” FN-2187 has never been this confused. “Wait, so you found me?” “Yep. My team was out doing drills and saw your TIE Fighter crash. We saw you were a Stormtrooper, relayed the information to General Organa, and she told us to bring you back to base. You’ve been out for about three days.” Three days? Force, that isn’t good. Captain Phasma will have expected him to report back to her and General Hux by now. Casually, FN-2187 scratches his left wrist, and his breathing quickens as he notices that his earpiece wristband is missing. “Where’s all of my armor? Where’s my helmet? Where’s my wristband?” “General Organa took all of it to make sure you weren’t sent to spy.” Little do they know that he has been sent here to spy. Well, hopefully their technology is as far ahead of the Resistance’s as the officers say in their morning speeches. “I’m Poe Dameron, by the way.” FN-2187 nods in acknowledgement, committing the name to memory. He has two names, just like Kylo Ren and General Hux—well, the general has three names, four if he counts the rank, but still. Interesting. “Hey, what’s your name, anyway? I can’t keep calling you Trooper in my head.” “FN-2187,” he answers promptly. This seems to startle Poe Dameron a little. “FN—what?” He feels embarrassed now. It’s not like he knows what real names should be (his only references are Captain Phasma and Elan Bartram Hux and Kylo Ren), but based on the Resistance man’s reaction having a mesh of letters and numbers for a name isn’t right. “It’s the only name they ever gave me.” Poe Dameron shrugs. “Well, I’m not using it.” He bites his lip, deep in thought. “FN, huh? Finn. I’m going to call you Finn. Is that alright?” Finn. A name. A name for himself to keep and hold forever. He’s never had a name before; never had something to truly call his own. Finn. He likes it. “Finn,” he says, trying it out. Yes, it fits him like a brand new helmet. “Yeah, I like that.” Poe Dameron smiles at him politely, but before he can say anything else, the door to the infirmary opens, causing his guard to sit up straight and tighten his grip on his blaster. His pet droid skitters back slightly and beeps several times. A woman enters the room, and FN-2187— Finn’s breath leaves his lungs like he’s been punched in the gut. The woman looks to be in her fiftieth rotation, perhaps a bit more and she wears simple clothing with her hair braided out of her face, but everyone in the First Order has been trained to recognize her face on sight: General Leia Organa-Solo, former Princess of Alderaan, the brains and brawn behind the Resistance, wife of famous smuggler Han Solo. Twin sister of Luke Skywalker, the myth. “So.” General Organa’s voice is strong, stronger than he’d expected. It’s also soft and feminine, unlike the harsh, raspy growl that he’d imagined her to have after having heard all of his CO’s talking about her for years. “You must be the Stormtrooper that Poe’s team found.” Poe . That means that Dameron is his surname. Finn readjusts his thinking. He remembers that she’s a Jedi, and he has to be careful what he thinks. “Yes ma’am,” he finally says, treating her with the respect he’d normally bestow to Captain Phasma. General Organa commands respect much like the captain, anyway. “What is your name?” Names seem to be important here. And why not? They symbolize freedom, don’t they? No wonder the First Order refers to the Troopers by a mix of letters and numbers. “FN-2187,” he says reflexively, having answered that question the same way since he’d learned to speak. “That’s my designation, anyway. My name is—” He looks at Poe Dameron, just to make sure it’s alright, and the guard nods. “My name is Finn.” General Organa nods, as if she meets Stormtroopers with names every day. Her hand shifts to her side—a bit too casual to be safe. She’s probably carrying a weapon. Bucket-head, of course she’s carrying a weapon. She’s the general of the damn Resistance. “How did you get here?” This is where he has to be careful. “I escaped from the First Order. Stole a TIE Fighter after my dormancy period and flew to the Ileenium System. The navigation box in my TIE Fighter took me here, and then my engines cut out for some reason and I crash-landed.” He remembers his head slamming into the back of his seat and winces. Then he thinks of the navigation box and wonders if it had burned in the crash. He’s unexpectedly emotional at the thought. “And how did you know we were located in the Ileenium System?” He’s faced with an easy decision: to lie. “Captain Phasma and General Hux gave me a mission,” he says. “They wanted me to bomb the Resistance base on D’Qar…this one, I mean.” He pauses. “But I refused—I…I couldn’t kill for them. So I defected.” He pauses, remembering the next step. “Believe me, I won’t do anything to hurt you. I want to join you. I—I can shoot, I’m a good fighter, I can fight for you now if you want, I’m not that great of a pilot but I can learn, I really can. If—if you don’t need me, then…then you can just shoot me and be done with it.” He nods toward Poe. “I know that’s what you Ordered Poe Dameron to do if I was untrustworthy.” There is silence except for the beep of the droid and the hiss of the machine near his cot. He’s sweating from his stupidity. There’s no reason to trust him, and when Poe lifts his blaster Finn winces, ready to die before his mission can even get underway. Then the general speaks. “I believe you.” The words are sweeter than the biannual desserts they get on base. Poe lowers his blaster. He doesn’t dare say anything; he waits for her to finish. “You’re the first defector from the First Order we’ve ever gotten. And I’m sure that your defection has sparked something among the Stormtroopers, so we may be seeing more in the future.” Her eyes twinkle, like she’s told a good joke. “Poe will help you get integrated among the Resistance members. But that will wait until you recover.” Then her eyes harden. “That does not mean that you will go around as you please. There will always be someone watching you to make sure you are not here to spy on us.” Stupidly, he says, “I thought you said that you believed me.” “I said that I believed you, yes,” concedes General Organa. “I didn’t say that I trusted you.” Oh. So it’s like that. “So here’s what will happen,” says the general. “You will stay here for a few more days and recover. Then Poe will take you around, introduce you, and help you get integrated.” To Poe, she says, “If he’s as good of a shooter as he says he is you may have just found yourself a new gunner.” To Finn, she says in a low voice, “And if I get any proof that you have not been on our side, I will make you wish your TIE Fighter had never crash-landed here. Have I been misunderstood?” Finn makes direct eye contact with her and shakes his head. “No, General. You’re clear.” “Good.” She straightens, gives a nod to Poe, turns and leaves the room as quickly as she’d entered, closing the door behind her with a soft slam. Neither Finn nor Poe can speak for a few moments. “Is she always that, uh,” Finn hazards for a moment, trying to find the most politically correct word, “intense?” “She’s been known to make seasoned commanders piss themselves,” Poe says with a snicker. He’d probably been there for at least one of those events. Then his brows furrow. “So what’s it like being a Trooper?” Honorable. Useful. Worthwhile. Finn fights against instinct for the first time in his life, and says the truth: “Stifling.” “Huh.” That’s all he says, just ‘huh’, a quick exhale. But Poe stares at him with a new appreciation, as if he’s seeing Finn for the first time. In return, Finn asks, “What’s it like being in the Resistance?” just to be polite. Poe looks thoughtful. “It’s hard sometimes, hard like you wouldn’t believe, and a lot of work, but it’s…satisfying.” So there it is, both of their occupations summed up in two words—stifling and satisfying. Finn’s not sure how to feel about this new information. “Satisfying,” he echoes. And then, because something inside of him yearns to know, “What do you think will happen to me here?” “You’ll fit in,” Poe says. Before Finn can rip into him for lying, Poe clarifies his statement. “Not outright. There’s a lot of people in the Resistance who hate Troopers and everything the First Order stands for. It’ll be hard, but you’ll fit in eventually.” Fit in. Finn has spent his entire life trying to fit in. If he couldn’t fit in with his own people, in his own squadron, then what makes Poe think that he’ll fit in with the people in the Resistance? Then again, Finn thinks, this entire mission is relying on him fitting in with the Resistance, so he prays that Poe’s assessment is accurate. He nods. “Hey, uh, will I ever get my stuff back? I just—the armor and helmet I can do without, honestly, but the wristband’s important.” Poe narrows his eyes. Finn could kick himself for his stupidity. Way to go, FN-2187 . He stops his train of thought before it can get too out of hand. After all, the last thing he wants to do now is sabotage his mission through incriminating thought. “Why’s the wristband important?” He makes the easy decision to stretch the truth again. “It’s the only thing that I own,” he says. “I…my armor’s not even mine, and neither’s the helmet, they belonged to ER-6577—Two Sevens—before he died in battle.” That’s true at least. “The wristband’s mine. I—it’s all I’ve got.” Poe studies him for a moment. “You’ll probably get it back,” he finally says. “How’d you get it anyway? Thought Troopers weren’t supposed to have material possessions.” “We aren’t,” Finn says. “I stole it.” Poe laughs. “Nice,” he says appreciatively. “Off who? Kylo Ren?” “No, I stole it from General Hux.” Right out of his hands, in fact. “When he was telling me about the mission, I swiped it off his desk. I think his mother gave it to him or something.” Not that Finn knows if General Hux has a mother or not. Everyone in the Trooper ranks thinks that General Hux was created from a test tube. In comparison, Kylo Ren likes to spread around the rumor that he’d been a byproduct of the Force itself, like Darth Vader, but none of the Troopers believe that. Finn’s old CO, BK-9090, had always said in private that she thought that Kylo Ren had become Kylo Ren after one too many tantrums in front of his parents. “Are you allowed to have personal possessions here?” As Poe explains, Finn can’t help but relax, even though he is in the presence of a Resistance man. For some reason, he thinks that this can be the start of an excellent friendship. It is another four days before he is released from the infirmary. Back on Starkiller Base, he would have been released from the infirmary upon regaining consciousness, but the Resistance has actually let him rest and recuperate to full capacity. It’s strange, but Finn’s estimation of the Resistance rises further when he leaves the infirmary and sees Poe standing outside holding a box that contains Finn’s armor, helmet, and wristband. “No one could find anything wrong with the wristband, so they released it,” Poe explains. “Admiral Ackbar was all for tossing it, but when I told him you stole it from Hux everyone agreed to let you keep it.” Finn finds his phrasing weird. “What do you mean? Everyone agreed?” Poe’s eyebrows furrow. “It’s a democratic process here. We all vote to decide what we’re going to do—the officers, General Organa, Admiral Ackbar, the pilot squadron leaders like me, etcetera. Why? How did things work in the Trooper ranks?” “Kylo Ren decides everything. He gets his orders from Supreme Leader Snoke, and in turn tells all of the officers what to do. Essentially, the First Order runs on his whim.” A democratic process. The thought of all of the officers, Trooper and non-Trooper alike, deciding how to collectively run the First Order is hilarious. Finn reaches into the box, takes out the wristband and puts it on his wrist. It’s tinted beige now as opposed to its original white color, probably from the tests the Resistance had inflicted on it. Nothing seems to have been tampered with. Poe speaks first. “D’you want the armor? Or the helmet?” Finn’s never had that choice before. He takes a look down at the black pants and grey shirt that the Resistance had issued him, and then back at the armor and helmet. This is the longest he’s ever gone without wearing his helmet, without hiding his face. “I won’t wear them now,” he finally says. “I—maybe there’s a storage room that I could put my armor and helmet in?” Poe actually looks relieved, for reasons that Finn cannot place. He’s excellent at reading blank stares and helmets, but he cannot whatever Poe Dameron is thinking. “That can work.” After Poe takes the box into the infirmary until they find an available storage room, he takes Finn into the mess hall. It’s crowded as helmet, filled with Resistance members of all races, ages and genders. They’re all crowded at tables laughing and chatting in languages, some of which he cannot understand. Finn has never felt so uncomfortable or out of place in his life, even amongst Nines and Slip and Zeroes. Poe puts a hand on his shoulder in a comforting gesture. His reflexes honed after years of combat training, Finn grabs Poe’s wrist in a death grip and twists it behind his back. Poe yells in pain after a crack splits the air, and Finn instantly releases his wrist, backing away in horror. Way to go, FN-2187, you can’t even keep a friend for a few hours before hurting them. Several Resistance members have pulled out their blasters and are pointing them at Finn. “I’m sorry, Poe, I just—” Finn takes a step forward toward Poe, who’s cradling his now broken wrist in the crook of his elbow. “Shit. Are you—just—ah, helmet, are you okay?” “Fine,” Poe hisses. “Just—shit, buddy, you’ve got one hell of a grip.” To the other Resistance members pointing blasters at him and Finn, he musters a grimace. “M’fine, guys. Not his fault. Should have warned him.” They put down their blasters, some looking especially reluctant. To Finn, he says, “I’m, uh, I’m going to get this splinted. I’ll be right back, okay?” Finn nods, and Poe leaves. Honestly, it’s the least he can do after breaking Poe’s wrist in one clean snap. Horrified, he looks down at his hands in shame. Why had he done that? He’d known that Poe had meant the hand on his shoulder to be a comforting gesture. What the helmet had he been thinking? Everyone is watching him, and he has a decision to make. He can leave and wait for Poe to get back, or he can stay and find a place to sit and work on integrating himself into the Resistance so he can complete his mission. He takes a step forward to the table of people wearing the orange jumpsuits that all of the pilots seem to wear, and before he can even think of something to say to break the silence, one of them mutters something under his breath. “What did you say?” Finn asks. He’s pretty sure that the man’s comment had been directed at him. “Stormtrooper, Empire-loving bantha fodder,” says the man. He’s got grey hair. Seems like he’s even older than General Organa, and looks like he’s been through hell and back several times. “You just broke Commander Dameron’s wrist.” “It was an accident,” Finn says, for lack of anything better to say. “Sure it was,” the man snickers, standing up to face Finn. One of the girls at the table, a muscular young woman with short, jet-black hair tells him to shut up. “Oh, fuck off, Pava, you know this one’s type. You’ve shot his buddies before—” “Shut up,” Finn says, his voice a threatening growl. His fists are clenched at his sides. He’d known that his integration was going to be difficult but he hadn’t figured that he would encounter bigots so soon. Oversight on his part. “You don’t know anything about me. What I’ve done, what I’ve seen.” “Please,” the man scoffs. “I’ve spent my whole life shooting bucketheads like you. You may have General Organa fooled with your little defecting act, but you ain’t fooled me. Your kind can’t think for themselves ‘side of what Kylo fucking Ren tells you to do, you ain’t even people; you’re just numbers .” The man leers at him. “Go on, buckethead. Hit me. I know you want to.” Oh, he does. The man’s not wrong. One quick punch and Finn could have the man choking on his teeth. “I won’t,” he says. “I won’t stoop to your level.” “Ah. So it seems that all the Troopers lack backbones—” “Shut the helmet up,” Finn says, “or I’ll make you shut up.” “What’s going on here?” Evidently Poe has returned. Finn relaxes, but only slightly. If the man makes any sudden movements toward him, he can’t guarantee that he’ll walk out of this with his extremities intact. “Markus?” “Absolutely nothing, Commander Dameron,” says the man with a voice that reminds Finn of slime. He has a name. Markus. “Just reminding the buckethead of his place.” “I have a name,” Finn snaps, tired of this laserbrained flyboy. “It’s Finn, my name is Finn. If you’re going to insult me, at least call me by my name instead of my old profession.” “Captain Dinoa,” Poe says in a voice of pure authority only a few levels down from Captain Phasma’s, “if you ask me, there’s no place in my squadron for a man who can’t move past old ideals and bigoted thoughts. Report to General Organa for a new designation.” Markus Dinoa, with one last derogatory look at Finn that makes him feel small, slithers off. Everyone in the mess hall is staring now. Finn’s grateful that he has enough self-control left not to flush from his embarrassment. “Thank you,” he says to Poe. Then, “I’m sorry, again. About your wrist.” “It’s alright,” says Poe. “Healers said that I need to come to them for a bacta treatment for a couple of weeks, and then it’ll be as good as new.” To Pava and the other pilots at the table, he says, “Finn, this is Jessika Pava, Temmin Wexley, Karé Kun, Oddy Muva, and L’ulo. Guys, this is Finn.” “Actually, it’s Snap,” says Temmin Wexley with a look toward Poe. Finn is confused. “I—I thought your name was Temmin.” “It is. Snap’s a nickname.” “Oh.” So people who aren’t Stormtrooper have nicknames too. Except their nicknames aren’t numbers or two letters deriving from their designation, they’re based off attributes. Finn takes note of this. “Permission to sit?” “Yeah, sure,” says Karé, who scoots over a bit and makes room for Finn to sit. The only one who’s ever done that for him is Slip, and for a moment Finn tries to imagine his fellow cadet here at the Resistance base. He’d probably be awkward as helmet and wouldn’t speak for a few days, but Slip has always been more social than him and he’d most likely fit in. Definitely, Finn thinks with no small dose of bitterness, he wouldn’t have broken the wrist of the first person here to ever be nice to him. “Thanks,” Finn says, and sits down, and listens. He listens to Poe’s explanations of life at the Resistance base, Pava’s jokes and jibes toward Oddy and Karé, L’ulo’s garbled speech and Snap’s whistling of tunes that Finn doesn’t know. It’s a slow realization that these people aren’t bad. Captain Phasma and General Hux and Kylo Ren and all of his other commanding officers had always preached how awful the Resistance members are, how they had no respect for life and shot down valuable Troopers. They’ve all been told the horror stories about Troopers who have fought to the death to avoid being captured, because if they are then their corpses will be raped and skinned alive, in no particular order. Poe and Pava and Snap and Karé and Oddy and L’ulo aren’t bad people. They’re just…people. Finn doesn’t know quite what to do with this realization, so he tucks it away for later. He finally gets to report back to Captain Phasma that evening, when Poe and his squadron have gone out and he’s alone in his new quarters. They’re about the size of General Hux’s office, perhaps a bit smaller. (He has a bed and a desk and a place to store his one set of clothes and his own lavatory, and he knows it’s wrong to be proud about these things but he is anyway.) After making one hundred percent sure that no one is near him and that General Organa is nowhere in sight, he swipes at the clasp of the wristband, which opens to reveal a small microphone. “Captain Phasma?” he whispers, not wanting to draw any more attention to himself than he is. “Captain?” There’s a buzzing of static for a while, and just when he’s about to give up on the wristband’s functionality Captain Phasma’s voice comes over the microphone. “Who is this? What is your operating number?” “Fi—FN-2187,” Finn says, nearly forgetting that Stormtroopers aren’t supposed to have names. “Ma’am.” There’s another rush of static, and then Captain Phasma speaks again. “I see you’ve finally found the time to report back, FN-2187. Where have you been?” “I was unconscious in their infirmary, Captain. The Resistance confiscated my armor and helmet and wristband and I only got them back today.” That’s all technically true, but he doesn’t want to tell Captain Phasma about his four days of recovery. She’ll just think that he’s weak. “Hmm.” She doesn’t question him further. “What have you found?” “Nothing too impressive yet, Captain,” Finn says, regretful that his first mission report contains virtually no useful information. “I’ve found out about the best squadron of pilots here, and I’m working on integrating myself into their favor. General Organa believes that I could be a gunner for them.” “Excellent. Integrate yourself into their favor, and report back when you have useful information.” Captain Phasma’s tone is snide, and he barely has time to come up with an adequate response before the static vanishes. She had hung up on him. He doesn’t fall asleep easily after that. Chapter 3 It seems like nothing short of a miracle that he's gotten away with this deception for so long. He's been living on the edge for the last two weeks, wondering every night if General Organa and the others would break down his door at any moment, announce him being a spy to the whole base, and feed him to a pack of Rathtars. But he continues to keep his thoughts on lockdown and his communications with Captain Phasma to a minimum, and General Organa and the others do not suspect anything. Captain Markus Dinoa continues to give him hell, but that's to be expected. In fact, Finn would be worried if Dinoa had suddenly turned nice overnight. He's enjoying himself, despite the danger of his situation. He enjoys the food in the mess hall, which contains more variety than he'd grown up with. He enjoys learning universal history and checks out several books from the Resistance library about the times of old and stays up late at night reading them. He enjoys flying with Poe and his squadron, who have sort of taken him under their wing and have become the friends that he'd never known he wanted. Pava and Karé tease him and give him flying tips. Oddy and L'ulo teach them their respective languages. Snap and Poe pull pranks with him and teach him new swear words. Around them, he feels so much more relaxed than he ever had with Nines and Zeroes. What he doesn't like, however, is how they'd assumed the worst of him from the start. Like how Pava had thought that just because he'd been a Stormtrooper he had no idea how his body worked or what sex was, or when Poe had thought that he hadn't known how to read due to his upbringing, or when Snap and Karé had taken it upon themselves to explain every little detail of how a military base worked. He'd explained to them (politely albeit through gritted teeth) that even though he'd grown up in the First Order, he isn't completely naïve and does not need to have information spoon-fed to him like he's a child. They'd all immediately apologized and ever since then he's been treated like an adult. Every day it's getting harder for him to focus on his mission, but he knows that if he refuses there will be nothing to stop Captain Phasma and General Hux from flying to the Ileenium System and bombing the hell out of the Resistance base. So he keeps passing information onto Captain Phasma and tries not to think about the consequences of his actions. He's not sure what he will do if he pauses to think about it. "I have a mission," General Organa announces one afternoon when the Black Squadron's X-Wings land after a simulation. Finn feels rather nauseous as Poe (against medical orders) had done several corkscrew spins while chasing Pava around, but it doesn't stop him from automatically straightening and saluting. Oddy trips over Karé, who curses at him under her breath. "At ease." "What is the mission, General?" Finn asks. His first job for the Resistance—this will be interesting. He clasps his hands together, rubbing at his wristband due to nerves. General Organa's eyes pass over him and he feels like she can see into his soul, but then the moment passes and she's speaking again. "The mission, Finn, is one of the highest caliber." She pauses, inhaling and exhaling quickly. If Finn had known her any better, he'd say that she's nervous. "I'm sure you all know of my brother, Jedi Knight Luke Skywalker." Poe gasps, looking rather like an excited child. Finn stifles a snicker, but is secretly excited. If General Organa is bringing up Luke Skywalker, then that means… "He disappeared many years ago, but he left a map behind. For what reason, we do not know, but there is a map. We have recovered most of the pieces from his R2 unit, but the final piece has gone missing for quite some time. Our intelligence teams have discovered the final piece of my brother's map on the desert planet Jakku." Karé giggles, and General Organa is on her case in an instant. "Is there a problem, Lieutenant Kun?" "No, General," Karé says, immediately straight-faced. "I was just surprised that Jedi Skywalker chose to hide the last part of his map on a remote planet in the Western Reaches." General Organa looks wistful. "Luke does many things that we don't understand. But," and the moment passes, "that is beside the point. The mission, Black Squadron, should you choose to accept it, is to fly to Jakku and recover this map." This is it. This is the reason I'm here. Focus up, buckethead, you need to go on this mission. "We'll take it, General," Poe says immediately. "How many of us do you need?" "One person and one droid, Commander Dameron, as to attract as little attention as possible. My first choice would be you, but your wrist is still in recovery and it's on Dr. Kalonia's strict orders that you do no flying—that rule I see you've already broken." General Organa sounds faintly amused. Poe stares down at his cast. Finn can feel the heartbroken vibes from where he's standing and is swarmed with guilty thoughts for breaking Poe's wrist all over again. "I'd like to choose Captain Pava to take this mission, as well as your BB unit." "I'd be honored, General Organa," says Pava after a quick look toward Poe. "When would I start out?" "Tomorrow morning," General Organa answers. "If you leave by then you'll be in Jakku by evening. Start preparing supplies, Captain Pava, and I'll see you at the tarmac at oh six hundred hours. The rest of you are dismissed. Except," she says once they begin moving, "Finn." Shit. He fights not to let any of his fear show on his face and blocks out all thoughts of his mission as he turns to face the general. Force, he'd give his left arm for some company. "General," he says evenly, giving her a polite nod. "Are you enjoying your time here, Finn?" That hadn't been the question he'd been expecting. "Yes, ma'am," he says, imagining in an effort to relax that he's speaking to Captain Phasma but that just makes him more nervous. "I like it better than Starkiller Base." I like it better than Starkiller Base—honestly, Finn, you sound like such an idiot. "I'm very glad to hear that." General Organa tilts her head slightly. "Finn, I," she hesitates, "I don't suppose you've ever seen…Kylo Ren? On Starkiller Base, of course." Out of everything he'd expected her to ask, this hadn't been one of them. "Uh—yes, ma'am. I've never spoken to Kylo Ren, but I've seen him." "Is he…" She exhales. "How is he?" Force. What exactly does she want from him? "…fine, I suppose. Ma'am." He doesn't add that Kylo Ren scares the shit out of everyone on base, or that several Troopers had never come back after a meeting with him, or that Kylo Ren is possibly the most evil man in the galaxy. He has a feeling that she already knows this. His theory's proven correct when General Organa sighs like she'd expected exactly this response. "I see. Thank you, Finn. Dismissed." He salutes and starts to move away from the general, but catches a glimpse of her expression before he leaves that rocks him to the core. She looks almost haunted , like she's reliving awful memories that she's tried to erase but can't. Like she's watching someone close to her die. Finn leaves before she notices him still standing there. Pava and BB-8 leave the next morning as planned. Karé worries the entire day, uncharacteristically biting her nails and snapping at anyone who comes close to her. Finn isn't sure why until Snap hints that it's more of a romantic interest in Pava's wellbeing than a friendly one, and he immediately gets it. Oddy and L'ulo work with General Organa and Admiral Ackbar for the rest of the day, communicating with Lor San Tekka, the one with the last piece of the map. Poe's still upset about his situation regarding not being chosen for the mission but he's put on a happy face for the day as to not upset anyone (namely Karé) further. "I'm sorry you weren't chosen," Finn says to Poe during dinner. Karé's elected to skip, which is why they're having this conversation at all. "It's my fault for that—if I hadn't broken your wrist you could be going instead of Pava." Poe shrugs. "Skipping one mission isn't the end of the galaxy." "You seem to think otherwise," says Finn. Then he adds, "There's always the next one, you know. It's not like the galaxy will be peaceful forever—I guarantee you'll be able to complete the next crazy dangerous mission General Organa comes up with." That makes him grin, at least. "Thanks, buddy," he says, cuffing Finn playfully on the shoulder with his good wrist. "And I'll tell you what—I won't be upset about my not going on the mission if you won't be guilty about breaking my wrist. Deal?" Finn grins back. "Yeah, deal." The rest of their conversation is cut off by Karé racing into the mess hall like she's been chased by a battleprep droid for a hundred miles. Poe and Finn immediately get to their feet. Snap, who'd been sitting at the next table with some other friends, gets up and nearly trips over his chair. "Guys," she gasps, bent over slightly, "it's Pava." Finn and Poe and Snap take off from the mess hall at a sprint after Karé, who'd disappeared as quickly as she'd entered. Somehow she's still talking a mile a minute even through her heavy gasps, and Finn manages to make out a few facts: Pava had arrived on Jakku, she was about to land near Lor San Tekka's village, and she was just fine, as was BB-8. When they finally arrive in General Organa's office, Oddy and L'ulo are already there, Snap is sweating like crazy and Karé's lost the ability to speak, but a hologram of Pava is beaming and waving at them. A few chirrups from her side signify that BB-8's close by. "Captain Pava," says General Organa because apparently she's the only calm one in the room, "have you landed yet?" "Yes, General, I'm about to exit," Pava replies promptly. "Would you like me to keep the camera on?" "Yes, Captain, I would," General Organa says. "Please tell Lor San Tekka that I say hello." "Will do, ma'am." Pava salutes the general and as they can see whatever Pava sees, once she exits her X-Wing everyone in the room is granted a view of Jakku. Finn's never been to the desert planet but from what he can tell, he's not missing out on much. It's all sand as far as the eye can see, with a few ramshackle huts in the distance. Besides the map, he doubts that there's a single important thing on the entire planet. Pava enters a hut, where a rugged old man sits on a cot with his eyes shut, almost as if he's meditating. He looks like he's fought in many wars, and when his eyes open Finn has no doubt that he's seen more bad than good. Nevertheless, the man smiles when he catches sight of her. "Hello," he greets her, standing up. "You must be Captain Jessika Pava." "Yes sir," Pava says, straightening. BB-8 chirps and leaves her side, but Pava's eyes return to the man immediately. "You must be Lor San Tekka, correct?" "Lor San Tekka," he muses, savoring the name like it's a fine wine. "That's a name I have not heard in a long, long time. I've hidden my identity from the good people of the village to protect them. Most here know me just as Elder Crèche—from my explorations when I was affiliated with the Church of the Force, you know. But it is good to hear my name again, Captain Pava, thank you." "You're welcome, sir," says Pava. Lor San Tekka gestures for her to sit down on the nearest chair, which she does. "I believe you have…something of use to us. Something that will make things right." "I do." Pava's eyes follow Lor San Tekka as he walks over to a chest near the foot of his cot. Bending down, he unclasps the lock, opens the chest, removes a small sack, closes the chest and returns to Pava. "This will begin to make things right. I've traveled too far and seen too much to ignore the despair in the galaxy. Without the Jedi, there can be no balance in the Force." There it is again. The Jedi. It's a bit strange to hear the Jedi referred as the keepers of balance after years of listening to the First Order calling them unimportant believers in a hokey religion. Finn can tell that Tekka's words hold more merit than General Hux's. He supposes that just like several other things, the First Order had not been right about the Jedi either. Pava's gaze goes to the sack, and it's all that the people in General Organa's office can see now too. "Thanks to you we have a fighting chance. General Organa's been after this for quite a while." Lor San Tekka chuckles to himself, like Pava's said some inside joke. "General, you call her. To me, she's royalty." Finn sees General Organa half-smile. "Well, she certainly can be both." Suddenly, there's beeping in the background and Pava's gaze switches from Lor San Tekka to BB-8 so quickly that Finn's eyes cross. He can't understand what BB-8's beeping about but judging by Poe's face it cannot be good. General Organa sums up the thought of the entire room when she says rather grimly, "They've got company." Pava and Lor San Tekka exit the hut and Finn's breath gets caught in his lungs when Pava raises quadnoculars to her eyes and everyone in General Organa's office gets a glimpse of enemy ships approaching. The First Order. How did they know about this mission? Finn hadn't told them anything—helmet, he hadn't even gotten a chance to! How in the galaxy— Oh Force. His wristband. What if he'd accidentally turned it on yesterday during the briefing? He chances a quick look at his wrist but he can't see anything that signifies that the earpiece is on. Then how in the galaxy had they known about the mission? "You have to leave," Lor San Tekka is saying. "Go!" Pava's jaw clenches. "With all due respect, sir, I refuse. What kind of Resistance member would I be if I didn't stay and fight?" Karé's hands are clasped over her mouth and her eyes are wide with terror. Poe looks lost for words, as does Oddy. Snap and L'ulo are conversing with each other in a low, worried tone. Whatever expression is on Finn's face can't be good. General Organa looks lost in thought. Lor San Tekka isn't having any of it. "I will not risk one of the general's top soldiers," he snaps. "You must depart, child. Things will get dangerous." "I will not leave you," Pava replies just as ferociously. Without another word to Lor San Tekka, she kneels down next to BB-8 and pulls from the leather sack a small, old artifact. The missing piece of the map. She inserts it into BB-8, who chirps once in question. "You take this, BB. It's safer with you—no one will think to search a droid. I want you to get as far away from here as you can. Do you hear me?" BB-8 hesitates. Poe looks horrified. Karé's began to cry. "Get this as far away from here as possible. Get somewhere safe. I'll come for you!" Pava's voice cracks. "It will be alright." BB-8 beep-whines nervously, but Pava's head turns, preventing them from seeing any more. Hopefully the droid's managed to escape. All they can hear now is blaster fire. They catch a glimpse of Lor San Tekka reassuring the villagers but then Pava's gaze is torn away from him and she moves to hide behind a structure. Finn watches Troopers run out of a shuttlecraft with blasters held aloft and bites back a groan. He can't help but root for the Troopers and yet, his heart skips a beat whenever he sees a villager fall to the ground. Conflicting emotions swirl within him. And then Kylo Ren exits the shuttlecraft, striding through the chaos toward Lor San Tekka. He's so much taller than the other man, yet Lor San Tekka stares him down anyway. They can't see much from where Pava's standing but they can see enough. General Organa is motionless. "Look how old you've become," Kylo Ren is saying. Pava inches closer to the commotion. Finn hopes that she's still out of sight. Lor San Tekka does not reply. "You know what I've come for." "I know where you came from." Lor San Tekka is either exceedingly brave or exceedingly stupid. "Before you called yourself Kylo Ren." Kylo Ren ignores him. "The map to Skywalker. We know you've found it, and now you're going to give it to the First Order." Finn inhales. So they did find out. But how? "The First Order," Lor San Tekka muses, "rose from the Dark Side. You did not. You may try to hide it, but you cannot deny the truth that is your family." Suddenly, Kylo Ren raises his lightsaber, igniting it. Finn's never had seen it in action before, and doesn't feel any better now that he's seen it. "You're so right," he says conversationally, like they've ran into each other into a cantina or something. And then he rips it down across the older man's body. Lor San Tekka falls like a marionette whose strings have been cut. Pava screams and fires her blaster. The bolt freezes an inch from Kylo Ren's head, stopped by his outstretched hand. Pava is frozen where she stands, and all those in General Organa's office watch with bated breath as Pava's eyes are locked onto Kylo Ren. "The old man gave it to you," Kylo Ren says. Then he reaches forward, almost as if he's stroking her cheek, and removes the camera that had been located in Pava's helmet. How had he known about it? The Force? "Take her," he orders the person behind him, and then crushes the camera with his fist, severing the connection. General Organa's office is silent for a long time. Finn can hear the clock ticking on the wall. Poe is speechless. Karé is enveloped in Snap's arms, but both of them are motionless and say nothing. Even her tears have halted for now. Oddy breaks the silence first, of all people. "We must rescue her, General," he says in accented Basic. L'ulo nods in agreement. "It is not a question of if but rather one of when." Her lips press into a thin line. "I agree," General Organa says, causing Karé to heave a sigh of relief. "We will rescue Captain Pava as soon as we can identify her location." This statement causes a mass uproar in the room, namely by Poe and Karé and even Finn, who has never agreed to leave a man behind. "We can't just leave her there, General," Poe says, "what if they're torturing her, what if they're—" "I understand your concerns, Commander Dameron," General Organa snaps, and Poe falls silent instantly. "However, I will not have my best squadron of pilots flying around the galaxy like a crew of headless Loth-cats and alert the First Order of our every move. We will send every intelligence unit to gather information on Captain Pava's whereabouts but until then I forbid you to go after her. Is that clear?" "Yes, General," Poe says under his breath, looking none too pleased. Karé looks ready to start flipping tables and yelling but her white knuckles show that she's barely abstaining. Finn nods. L'ulo speaks now. "General," he says calmly. "Do you require assistance alerting the intelligence units?" "Yes, that would be much appreciated. Captain Wexley, Lieutenant Muva, if you would assist him as well. Commander Dameron, Finn, and Lieutenant Kun, please alert the others of the news." General Organa turns away from them all. "Dismissed." Before the end of the night, everyone knows about Pava's capture. Karé's been snapping at anyone who even looks at her funny, and Snap's taken to biting his fingernails out of worry. Oddy and L'ulo haven't been seen since the general had asked them to help her alert the intelligence units. Soon, everyone's been alerted, and the commanding officers finally get sick of everyone talking in the mess hall in low voices and order everyone to go to bed. Tensions have been rising ever since the news had broken out, and everyone files away rather easily. Finn lies awake in his quarters, still steaming mad over his confrontation with Captain Markus Dinoa an hour earlier. Dinoa had been spouting off his insistence to the entire mess hall that it had been Finn's fault that Pava had been captured, that Finn had alerted the First Order of Pava's mission, and if General Organa had any sense Finn should be launched into space to rot. Finn's never taken someone slandering his name well before and it had made no sense to break tradition. He'd managed to get off a punch to Dinoa's jaw before they'd been pulled off each other and sent to bed. He can't stop thinking. He can't stop thinking of the 'what ifs'. What if Dinoa had been right? What if it had been his fault? BB-8's got a piece of a very important map and is wandering around on Jakku all alone. Pava's kidnapped and most likely being tortured on Starkiller Base far away from here right at this second and he can't stand the thought. She may be Resistance, someone that he's been conditioned since birth to hate, but Finn's got enough sense inside him to know that she doesn't deserve torture. She needs to be rescued as quickly as possible. He'll rescue her. The thought surprises him but the longer he thinks it the more he's certain that it's right. He'll get Poe or Snap or even Karé to fly him, they'll go to Jakku and go from there. If Finn knows Kylo Ren at all, Starkiller Base probably has not moved far since Pava's kidnapping. He'll do it. He'll prove he can be trusted. The First Order won't like what he's about to do, but he is surprised to find how little he cares. He gets off his cot and goes to his dresser, where he pulls out a pair of trousers and a shirt and puts them on. Once he's got his combat boots on as well, he makes for the door and gets the surprise of his life when he sees Poe standing frozen on the other side of the door with his fist poised to knock. "We need to rescue Pava and BB-8," Finn says once he's recovered from shock. "I'm assuming you thought that too." "You're damn right," Poe answers with a deciding nod. "We'll take a TIE Fighter, enough room for us both—" "I'll sit be your gunner, I know how to work the guns—" "—and we can be in Jakku by morning and find BB-8—" "—then we can find Pava from there." "Perfect." Sneaking out is almost easier than back when he'd snuck out of Starkiller Base. No one's on duty guarding Black Squadron's aircrafts when they arrive, thank the Force, so maybe they've arrived at a good moment or there's really no one on shift over here tonight. Poe climbs into the front, Finn into the back, and they both buckle up. He can't help but be reminded of sneaking out all over again with nothing but the navigation box to keep him company. Hopefully it won't end like that again. They manage to leave without anyone noticing, and Poe pilots them easily into space, then putting the TIE Fighter on autopilot for a moment so they can talk. "General Organa's going to kill us," he says in a tone of faint surprise, like the thought had never occurred to him. "I should've left a note or something." Finn can only imagine how that would've gone. Hi, General. Finn and I left against your orders. Will be back soon with the droid and the map and our missing pilot. Love, Commander Dameron. "I have a feeling that when we come back with Pava and BB-8 she'll forgive us," he finally says. "How's your wrist, by the way?" "Fine, fine," Poe says distractedly, directing the TIE Fighter out of the Ileenium System. Only four hours to go, proclaims the clock. "Doesn't hurt me anymore, and I don't see why the General thinks it affects my flying. I can fly through pain." They discuss injuries and funny stories for another hour, and then they fly in silence while Poe navigates a sudden and violent asteroid belt. When the danger finally passes, it's been another hour, and the Western Reaches are just sliding into view. Not particularly special, Finn has to concur. Just a bunch of asteroids surrounding larger, dusty-colored asteroids. "Hey," Poe says as they get closer and closer to Jakku, "I've been thinking. How did the First Order find out about Pava's mission?" Finn swallows the question that he wants to ask ( do you suspect me too?) and says the truth instead. "I don't know," he admits. There's a flicker of light in the distance and he focuses on that. He's somewhat thankful for the fact that they aren't facing each other. The Resistance must have another mole on the inside because Finn hadn't had time to tell them anything. "Kylo Ren has the Force, apparently, so maybe he read someone's mind here. I really don't know." "You didn't tell him," says Poe. It's not so much a question as it is a statement. He really believes that Finn never told the First Order anything. It's somewhat gratifying. "No," Finn answers firmly. "I didn't." Someone must have, though, he thinks as Jakku comes into sight. That flicker of light keeps getting closer. Someone must have told the First Order and soon, because they'd gotten wind of Pava's mission within a day of it being assigned. Then again, if the First Order had heard of Pava's mission so quickly, what would stop them from hearing of Finn and Poe's rescue mission? Nothing. Nothing would stop them. Finn's eyes widen. He turns around and sees Poe staring directly at him. Both of them have understood the same thing at the same time: if they'd heard of Pava's mission, then they must have heard of their mission somehow too. The First Order must be on their tail by now at least. Just as Finn gets ready to voice this thought, there's a whistle and a shriek of cannonball against metal, and then they're falling, falling, falling down. Jakku is getting bigger and bigger and Poe is furiously hammering at the controls of the TIE Fighter while Finn fires into the distance in hopes of getting whatever First Order ship that had shot at them. The TIE Fighter sparks and smokes, spiraling out of control as it careens toward the surface. "We have to drop out!" "Go, you go!" Poe yells over the multiple screeches of every machine in the TIE Fighter failing at once. Finn can see tiny villages from this height. "I can fix this—" "I'm not going to just leave you—" "You have to! If you stay here we'll both die!" For a second there's nothing but silence choking them. "Trust me, Finn, I can fix it. You have to get out now. Go !" Finn takes one final look at Poe, typing quickly on one of the keyboards with one hand and flying the TIE Fighter jerkily with the other. His hair's mussed, his eyes are wild, and the collar of his jacket is askew. He will fix it. Poe can fix anything. He's the best pilot in the Resistance. He'll be able do it. Before he changes his mind, he pushes the red button on the armrest of his chair, and the air is punched from his lungs as he goes flying out of the TIE Fighter, leaving Poe and the wailing monitors and machines behind. The stench of burning metal is acrid in his nostrils and the air is getting thinner and thinner. He manages to get one final glimpse of the falling aircraft before he is forced unconscious. Chapter 4 : Chapter IV The first thing Finn sees is Pava's blood. It's everywhere, trickling from a long gash above her left eyebrow, clumping her hair together, leaking from a broken nose. She's been tortured, he realizes, and when he looks down in shock he sees that she's been shackled to the chair. He tries to call her name, to get her to wake up, but his lips won't form the words. It's like they've been glued together. She wakes slowly, and then all at once: coming into consciousness with an almost audible snap. Her eyes are groggy but they quickly widen. Finn turns around and almost trips over his own two feet because Kylo Ren is staring directly at him. No—he's staring through Finn, right at Pava, who looks hurt and broken and terrified and if Finn listens closely, he can hear her praying under her breath for help. When he hears her say Karé's name, he bites his lip to keep the tears from coming. "I had no idea we had one of General Organa's top pilots on board," Kylo Ren says calmly, as though they're talking over fresh cups of tea. As though he hasn't been torturing Pava. He doesn't address Finn, though. Can the man not see him? Is Finn invisible or something? "Are you comfortable, Captain Pava?" Through chapped lips, she coughs out, "Not really," through a hoarse throat. She sounds like she hasn't had anything to drink in days. Then he recognizes the way she's speaking and feels bile rise. There's blood in her throat. She's speaking around the blood in her throat. "I'm impressed with you, Captain Pava," Kylo Ren is saying, and Finn makes an effort to tune in again for both his sake and Pava's. "No one's been able to get what you did with the map out of you." When she grins at him, it's bloody and beautiful and Finn kind of wants to hug her for her bravery. "I've been told I can be particularly stubborn." "So I see," says Kylo Ren. He's calm. Too calm. It's the kind of calm before a storm, the calm Kylo Ren has about him before he starts destroying equipment with his double-bladed lightsaber. "I've been told the same." "Y'catch more flies with honey than vinegar," Pava says. "Maybe you ought to rethink your technique." Kylo Ren says nothing this time. Instead, he just reaches out to Pava, hand outstretched like he's about to catch something. Pava flinches in her chair and leans as far back as she can. His hand stops an inch away from her face. Finn doesn't know what Kylo Ren is playing at until he sees Pava strain in her chair, her face a mask of agony as Kylo Ren sifts through her memories, examining them in the dimly-lit room. The horrible silence is only broken by Kylo Ren saying in a bored tone of voice, "Where is it?" Pava's words are spoken in between horrible, breathless gasps. "The Resistance…will never be intimidated by…by you ." Kylo Ren ignores her, raising his hand again. "Where is it?" Pava gasps and chokes down lungfuls of air, tears streaming down her cheeks and mixing with the crusty blood on her face as she screams. Finn lunges for Kylo Ren, desperate to make him stop and leave the girl alone, but just as his hands close around the man's neck he is transported and— Finn stumbles, looking around at his new surroundings, trying to absorb every detail at once. The people around him are running away and he can smell and hear the singe and crackle of blaster bolts flying through the air and landing on their targets. Stormtroopers in pristine white armor run through the crowd and he doesn't know what to do, doesn't know where to go, but then he hears a scream. He whirls around, hands clenching into fists because he knows that voice, he knows it, but he just can't place it. The woman behind the scream lies on the ground, skin around her left shoulder singed and a blaster beside her. One of the Stormtroopers picks up a bundle of thick blue blankets, and Finn feels a jolt go up and down his spine as he figures out that there's a baby wrapped in there. They're taking the baby away from the mother, he realizes. He shoves through the crowd of people, trying to reach the mother, trying to reach the baby, but the people are in his way. "Hey!" he shouts. "HEY!" "Finn," he hears someone say, "These are your first steps." Finn wakes with the grace of two speeders smashing into each other, heart smashing against his ribcage and blood pounding in his ears. There's something strapped to his back, and while he gulps down breath after breath of air, the events of the last few days come back to him all at once: Pava's mission and his talk with General Organa and Pava being captured and him and Poe stealing a TIE Fighter to go and rescue her and— Poe. "We have to drop out!" "Go, you go!" Poe yells over the multiple screeches of every machine in the TIE Fighter failing at once. Finn can see tiny villages from this height. "I can fix this—trust me, Finn, you have to get out. Go!" "Poe!" Finn's voice is caked with sand and grit. He pushes himself to his feet with enormous effort, taking a second to look around his surroundings. There are sandy dunes rolling back as far as the eye can see, but over the crest of one he can just see a plume of rising black smoke. His gut churns, remembering Poe's sacrifice. "Poe!" He scrambles over the massive dune as fast as he can, using his hands and knees to get him there, and he slides down the dune quickly, nearly tumbling in his haste. The TIE Fighter's down there, smoking and on fire, small pieces of shrapnel and debris around it. Force help him. He moves toward the TIE Fighter, fighting past the debris, choking on the smoke. For a second he swears that he sees Poe's arm but it's not, it's just Poe's jacket. He grabs it anyway and tries desperately to find a way in—even a way to look inside—but the smoke and heat make it impossible to see, let alone enter. But he's determined. He's not about to let Poe die in there. "Poe! Poe!" Suddenly, the ship begins to sink, almost like it's being consumed into quicksand. Finn is slipping in too and he shouts one last time for Poe, begging him to answer, praying that he'll crawl out at any moment, but no one answers. It becomes clear fast: if Finn doesn't get away, he's going to get sucked in with the remains of the TIE Fighter. Swallowing his fear, he scampers backwards away from the TIE Fighter as it sinks into the sand. A few moments later, it's gone, like it had never been there at all. Finn's eyes are affixed on the spot where the TIE Fighter once had been. Where Poe had been. "Poe?" he says, horrified. "Poe!" Out of nowhere, a giant explosion erupts from below, sending sand and debris everywhere and causing Finn to leap backward to avoid being hit. Now there's truly nothing there. If Poe hadn't been killed on impact, then he most certainly must have been killed by now. Finn sits down with a thud, knees collapsing under him. He's disoriented, scared, exhausted, and defeated—but most of all, he's alone. He's lost the only friend he's ever really had in a matter of seconds. He hadn't been fast enough to save Poe. Force, Poe, I'm so sorry. I should've gotten there faster. I should have stayed on board with you. I shouldn't have let you get killed on impact or swallowed up by sand or— Tears blur his vision and he angrily swipes them aside before he notices the wristband. It's still intact and when he touches it, it seems to be working. He's not sure how he feels about that. Another piece of memory falls back into place with a click. The First Order. They'd been tracking him and Poe. It couldn't have been the fault of a mole in the Resistance because he and Poe hadn't gotten the chance to tell anyone about their idea to save Pava and BB-8. How could Kylo Ren and the First Order have known about their plan? Lost in thought, he looks a bit further and it slowly occurs to him that he's got Poe's jacket fisted in his hand. It's still smoking but overall seems okay. The last bit of Poe Dameron ever to be seen again. Finn swallows back his sorrow and stares at it for a heartbeat or two. Eventually he pulls it on, leaving it unzipped just as Poe always had. He will make sure that Poe's sacrifice won't be forgotten. Finn stands, looking out at the miles and miles of sand dunes. He may be stranded on Jakku but the planet is inhabited—he's just got to keep walking until he finds civilization. Once he does, he'll have to find someone who can help him find BB-8. Once he finds BB-8, he'll go back to D'Qar and help General Organa organize a plan to help rescue Pava. "I'll complete the mission, Poe," he promises to the skies. "I'll get BB-8 and Pava back. I promise." That being said, all there's left to do is to start walking. He sets off due north, because his commando training had taught him to walk due north until he could find any sort of civilization. Sweat drips down his back, matting his shirt to his skin. The heat is unlike anything he's ever felt—although back when he'd been a cadet, he'd been trained to withstand any sort of temperature. They'd stuck him in simulations with boiling hot temperatures that had made his hands slip on the handle of his blaster; they'd placed him in simulations with freezing cold temperatures that had chapped his lips and frozen his finger to the trigger. But he doesn't think that any of the simulations had been quite on par with the scorching heat of mid-afternoon Jakku. His mind wanders while he walks, sand swirling around him. He thinks of his squadmates, of Nines and Zeroes and Slip. He's not too worried about Nines and Zeroes handling his defection—in fact, they're probably both grateful for the extra bed. It's Slip that he's worried about. Slip's the closest thing to a friend that Finn's ever had: they'd known each other since they were fourteen rotations. Slip's going to have to toughen up now that Finn isn't there to keep Nines and Zeroes from messing with him. Despite Slip's track record, Finn can't help but think that he'll be alright. Once he figures out a thing or two, Finn thinks that Slip won't just survive—he'll flourish . The sand and wind swirling around him starts to pick up, and the part of his brain that's not being clouded by dehydration realizes that it must be a sandstorm. Slowly but surely, he takes off Poe's jacket and uses it for shade against the sand and grit flying toward his face. Although he wants nothing more than to just lay down and stop walking, something deep inside of him tells him to keep moving. It's like that voice told you, Finn , he thinks to himself. These are your first steps. You aren't going to let these be your last ones, are you? Exhausted, Finn continues his trek across the endless, sandy nothingness. He thinks of the Resistance base, of his friends. Of Karé, who's probably worried sick about Pava and now has to be worried over him and Poe. Of Oddy and L'ulo, who've probably been up for hours trying to track them down. Of Snap, who's probably in a meeting with General Organa to get her to authorize another rescue mission. Of Pava, all alone up in space and rotting in a torture chamber. Of Poe—no. He forces his mind away from those thoughts. He can't think of Poe now. If he thinks of Poe now, he'll start crying and he's not sure if he'll be able to stop. "One foot in front of the other," he says, throat parched. It sounds like he's speaking around a mouthful of sandpaper. He tries to channel Captain Phasma's easy authority and says, "Keep it going, FN-2187." After what seems like hours, he finally makes it up to the edge of a massive dune, sides aching and tongue dry. What little hope he has is quickly fading, but when he looks out into the distance and into the epic valley below, something in his gut loosens from joy. There's an outpost ahead. He's not sure how many miles away it is—it could be anywhere from ten to ten thousand—but there is civilization ahead. He can make it. He will make it. His legs ache, but he keeps moving. His arms ache, but he keeps moving. His lungs burn, but he keeps moving. Even when his legs cannot hold him up any longer, he keeps moving—crawling on his hands and knees, grabbing the sand like it will help push him along. The outpost just looks further away than ever. His determination hadn't exactly accounted for his body giving out from under him. Finn laughs despite his own despair. He'd promised Poe but he can't do it. He physically can't make it. Come on, just a little further , he tells himself sharply. Pava and BB-8 are counting on you. You can do it. There's a grunt and groan of some animal halting, then the sound of quick footsteps against the sand. Whatever's touching Finn isn't human, and it's trying to steal Poe's jacket from him. Finn's grip on the cloth tightens and he pulls it back. "Hey," he tries to shout but it comes out as more of a whisper. "Give it back!" The alien wrestling him for the jacket says something in a language Finn doesn't understand and continues to try and get the jacket out of Finn's grip. Finn fights back like his life depends on it—he may be half-dead from dehydration and could have a possible concussion from the TIE Fighter crash but he will not let this brute get Poe's jacket. Not while he still has air in his lungs. "Tal'ama parqual!" Both Finn and the alien stop and go silent. Finn uses up some of his strength to raise his head. There's a girl in front of him, a staff in her hand and wearing an angry expression. Maybe it's the dehydration talking, but Finn thinks that she's the most beautiful person he's ever seen. "Parqual zatana!" A heartbeat passes and the alien yells something back, threatening the girl. She angrily moves toward the two of them, pulling a knife from the pouch tied to her side. The alien freaks out and yells at the girl again, absolutely pissed off. The girl spits at it and fiercely says, "Noma!" The alien mutters something under his breath before saying something to the girl in a tone that Finn thinks means go to hell before releasing his grip on Poe's jacket. After another groan in her direction, he returns to his beast—seriously, what the helmet is that? He's never seen one of the those—and heads off into the distance. Probably toward that outpost. The girl approaches him slowly, almost as though she's afraid of him. As though she's a hunter about to put him out of his misery. "Water," he chokes out, using the last bits of his willpower to do so. She jerks backward in surprise. "Please. Water." "Who are you?" The girl's voice is beautiful. It soothes him, wrapping him in comfort. Her hand hesitates above the pouch at her side. Finn thinks that she's got a canteen there. "Where did you come from?" Her tone is an Order, but no matter how much he wants to answer her he can't. Not until he has something to drink. "Water," he whispers, practically begging. "Please." She groans. Apparently she realizes that she won't be able to get anything out of him until she gives him water, and she unclasps her pouch from her side, pulling out a canteen. She tosses it to him and it lands a foot away from him. Finn props himself up on his elbows, mind spinning and swirling like that sandstorm from earlier. His hand quivers but he grabs the canteen and tilts it over his mouth. He's never drank anything so quickly in his life—some of the drops spill onto his shirt but he drinks most of it. He stops before the canteen is empty, not wanting to deprive the girl of her hard-earned water. "Thank you," he says. He feels stronger already. She blinks. "You're welcome," she says carefully. Has she never been thanked before or something? She'd put away her knife while he'd been drinking but she still has her staff. She points it at him threateningly. "Who are you? Where did you come from? I've never seen you before." He lifts his hands up in a gesture of surrender, Poe's jacket still in his hand. "My name's Finn," he says, unsure of which question she really wants answered first. "I'm from…" He hesitates, not knowing how to answer. Does he say from Starkiller Base or from D'Qar? "I came from D'Qar. My friend and I—our friend was captured by Kylo Ren and we were coming back to rescue her. Our TIE Fighter got shot down." He stops there. He's sure that she can fill in the blanks herself. Her expression shifts from blasé to sympathy to something that looks like she's impressed. "So you're with the Resistance?" He swallows. Technically he is, but he'd been sent there as a spy to benefit the First Order in the first place so he isn't sure if he can really call himself that. "Obviously," he answers. "Yes. I am. I'm with the Resistance, yeah." He pulls himself to his feet with effort—the water may have reawakened him but he still feels a little weak. "I am with the Resistance." The girl lowers her staff and studies him. Finally, she says, "I've never met a Resistance fighter before." You would have loved to meet Poe and Pava. They look far more like Resistance fighters than me. "Well, uh, this is what we look like. Some of us. Others look different." He has no idea why he's stammering so much and changes the subject. "Listen, have you seen a droid around? He's orange and white, a BB unit." One of a kind , Poe had liked to say. "He's got a map that leads directly to Luke Skywalker and everyone's after it." Her eyes widen in curiosity. "Luke Skywalker?" She says his name like it's a religion. "I thought he was a myth." Finn shakes his head, knowing exactly what she means. Honestly, sometimes he has trouble believing in Luke Skywalker's existence too. How could a nineteen year old kid have taken down Darth Vader? "I haven't seen a droid, I'm sorry." She hesitates. "The Jawa traders—they scour the desert and come to the Niima Outpost every week to sell whatever goods they've picked up. They could have picked up your droid." Just the possibility that BB-8 hasn't been left for scrap metal makes Finn feel a little better. Maybe he can complete their mission after all. "When do they come by next?" "Five days from now," the girl says. Finn swears under his breath. Okay. Five days. He can work with that. He can stay here for five days, that's fine. Then he'll get BB-8 and fly back to D'Qar and organize a rescue mission for Pava. That's fine. "Niima Outpost is that way, stay off Kelvin Ridge, and keep away from the Sinking Fields in the north—you'll drown in sand." "Wait!" The words fly out of his mouth before he can stop them, and she stops in her tracks. She raises an eyebrow. "Wait—uh. Listen. Can I stay with you?" He doesn't even know why he's asking her this. They just met! "You saved my life from that…that guy and I don't know anyone on the whole planet and—" "Can't your Resistance friends just come and get you?" the girl asks. It's not a 'no' but she doesn't look too keen to say yes. Finn winces. "Not exactly. They—Poe and I—we didn't get a chance to tell anyone where we were going before we left." He bites his lip. "There's no one coming for me." That seems to hit her like nothing else had so far. Invigorated, he presses on. "Look, I don't have any credits or anything to trade on me so no one at the Niima Outpost is going to help me. Please. Just until the Jawa traders get here—then BB-8 and I can be out of your hair forever." She hesitates, looking him up and down. When her eyes lock onto his, he feels a shiver go up and down his spine that has nothing to do with the heat. "Okay," she finally agrees. Finn nearly cries from relief. "But just five days and then you're out of here." "Thank you!" Finn's never meant that more. He kind of wants to hug her but he thinks that she'll rip his arm off with her teeth if he tries anything. "I'll help you out in any way I can, I promise. I won't just be sitting around doing nothing." He falls into step beside the girl, who seems to be walking toward an old AT-AT. Is that where she lives? That's so cool. He's never even seen one of those, let alone been inside one. "I don't know your name." She stares at him, eyes widening in surprise. "I'm Rey," she replies. "Rey," he repeats. For some reason saying her name feels like a breath finally released. He sticks out his hand and the girl shakes it. "It's nice to meet you, Rey."