Part 1 Notes: Edit: I got a little lazy and just combined the first and second parts. So, if you're a returning reader, this first part has far more to it then it did earlier this month. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The one goddamn time a stormtrooper has good aim, the gun is pointed at the love of his life. Well, shit. Poe didn’t really see any way for the both of them to survive the situation without him taking one for the team. He's already taking the hit to the shoulder by the time Finn turns around. Chewbacca promptly sends the guy flying across the battlefield. To be fair, Poe could understand the fear in Finn's eyes, because even though the wound wasn’t fatal, it was pretty fucking close and he was losing several pints of blood and he really should have thought this through. Finn bent down to meet Poe who was on his knees are trying to stop the blood rapidly gushing from his shoulder. Finn was shaking when he placed a warm hand on Poe's cheek, a biting contrast to the crisp breeze that swept across Talus. He pressed so close that soon their noses were touching and Poe's heavy breath mingled with Finn's trembling gasps. “Why- What did you do that for? You didn’t have to do that. . .” Finn mumbled and Poe thinks that he might just be crying but he's really dizzy so he dismisses it. “You’re damn right I didn’t have to. If I had time to jump in front of you, than you had time to move, you kriffhead.” He managed to slur out before collapsing into Finn arms completely. The world faded to black. Poe woke to the blinding white light of the Resistance infirmary. Damn it. He'd already been here not even a month ago, after pushing Finn out of the path of raging rathtar on that mission in the Mol'leaj system and spraining his ankle in the process. Hell, it still ached even now. From where lay in his too-familiar gurney he could see a dainty vase of flowers and a note with General Organa's noticeable signature on the front, the cream paper of the card tented sideways on the bedside table. The pilot elected to ignore the note as it most likely had the usual Leia rundown that had scolding and genuine worry in equal measure. He was probably grounded for a week or two, he could barely moved the shoulder that was wrapped heavily in fresh, white gauze and anchored on his bicep. Damn it. He hears a rustle on the other side of the room and sees Finn uncomfortably curled in a chair by his bed. He wore a black T-shirt (one of his he noticed with a small smile), and dark blue pants (also his). Finn never had the time to gather his own clothing, aside from the jacket they shared from time to time (mostly because Poe loved the sensation of Finn's scent surrounding him almost as much as he loved the way Finn looked in it), so the two men shared Poe's wardrobe. And though Finn was slightly taller and leaner than Poe was, that black T-shirt had never looked better than did straining across his prominent biceps and chocolate skin. Just as Poe was falling into a murky state of sleep, his drowsiness winning over his resolve and a content grin on his face, Finn stirred himself into consciousness. Or rather, jumped into consciousness: His head shot upward from its uncomfortable perch on his chest, his long limbs flying out from their cramped positions in the hospital chair. Poe’s eyes fluttered open and reached up to rub his eyes. The sheets rustled and Finn caught the sound. His head snapped to Poe’s direction and he made an odd sound between a groan and a sigh of relief. “Mmmgrph . . . Poe?” The former Stormtrooper’s voice is quiet and small, tentative as he inches his way towards him . . . with tears in his eyes. Poe’s grin falls as they begin to fall and Finn takes the injured man’s hand in his. Shaking and clasping it tightly with his other hand gently skimming all over Poe’s bicep and bandages. “You – You’re alright . . . You’re okay.” Finn says this with so much relief and quelled fear that it broke the pilot’s heart. Poe placed a warm palm atop of the one on his shoulder. He would much rather cup Finn's cheek in his palm and wipe away the man's tears with his thumb . . . To be honest, he would like to kiss the Stormtrooper senseless until they stopped flowing altogether. Instead, he swallows thickly. Instead, Poe squeezes his hand. "O-Of course, I'm okay, bud. You don't have to worry about me, I'm always okay-" Finn recoiled from Poe as if he'd been burned. He shook once more and buried his face in his hands. "Finn? Hey, I'm fine, se-" "Don't . . . Stop . . ." Finn starts, but fails to form a coherent thought, a bitter, almost hysterical look in his eyes when he finally raises his head. He looks up at the Resistance pilot. He stares back. Just as Finn opens his mouth to say (or perhaps sob) something, Rey bursts in, all smiles and fresh daisies and trailed by a nurse with hooded eyes and pale blue skin. "Finn, the hospital ladies are miffed that you didn't call them when . . ." Rey glances from Poe's worried expression to Finn, who was hastily scrubbing tears from his cheeks. "Oh kriff, I-um . . . Nurse?" The young woman efficiently checking Poe's vitals looked up at her, annoyed. "Er, are you nearly done over there? I think we might want to-" "There's no need." Finn stands abruptly and turns to the nurse, avoiding Poe's piercing stare. "Thank you for saving him." The woman nodded minutely and like that, Finn was gone. The nurse followed shortly, patting her ward's hand and rolling her eyes at Rey, who responded with an indignant 'What the hell did I do?!' huff. Once they were alone, Rey walked to the newly abandoned bedside chair and placed the clump of flowers on the bed beside Poe's clenched fist. He glared, bewildered and speechless, at the girl, who pointedly arranged the daisies with delicate hands on the sheets. "What the hell was that about?" Poe questioned. "Well, what happened when you woke? What did you say? You know, he's been waiting for you, yeah?" Rey asked calmly, picking up a few flowers and gingerly twisting and braiding them together by their stems. "Yeah. He was knocked out by the time I came to." Poe chuckled a bit, a low rumble in his chest. "Poor guy, must've stayed up all night." Rey's hands fell into her lap suddenly when she looked up at him, confused. "Poe, you've been out for a month." The pilot's eyes widened, almost comically, brows furrowed. "Wh-What are you talking about?" "You didn't honestly think you were out for just one day, did you?" Poe nodded, warily, and the girl snorted indignantly. "Poe, you didn't break a nail, you got shot! In a major muscle no less." The man remained silent and Rey took as a cue to continue, resuming with her flowers. That night, we flew back here on the Falcon. Finn was holding you the whole time. Chewy had to rip him off of you when we got here. You had to go into surgery right then, but he just wouldn't leave you. He-he had your blood all over him: Jacket, face, hands, all of it." She took a deep, shaky breath at the image and all Poe could do was lay there and listen. "We stayed all night and into the morning, me, Jessika, Chewy, even the General waited to hear the news. At dawn, that nurse who just came in told us that operation went fine but . . . you weren't waking up. Your heart was beating right enough, but you just wouldn't wake up. Too much anesthetic, too fast they said. Fat lot of good that did us . . . ." She finished her creation and held it up proudly - a flower crown, something she'd grown quite fond of in her time on the base. With tears in her eyes (and threatening to leak onto him) she placed it atop his head, along with a soft kiss to his hair. Tears welled up in the pilot's eyes at the gesture. "They were to pull your plug today, you arsehole." Rey whispered before she sat once more. "Oh god . . . Shit, Finn . . . I didn't . . ." Poe sobbed quietly, eyes screwed shut. "What? What did you do?" Rey poked, her hackles rising. Poe's voice caught in his throat and he rubbed his left hand over his face. "I-I said that he doesn't have to worry about me. That he should relax." Rey slapped him upside the head, sending the flower crown askew. "Kriffin' hell! Arsehole!" Rey accused angrily. "Hey, I didn't know, that's not my fault!" Poe shot back, rubbing the now sore spot on his head, pushing the daisy crown from in front of his eyes. Rey made a frantic grab for it. "You didn't know he was love with you? Likely story!" The man froze, breath halting in chest and his heart in his throat. " . . . What did you say?" The young Jedi blanched and ceased her advances on the crown completely. She stood and backpedaled for the hospital room's door. "Nothing, I didn't say anything." "Yeah, likely story." Poe replied, voice flat. Rey grinned nervously before dashing from the room, throwing a loud 'Keep the crown!' her shoulder. The girl's laughter could be heard down the hall, and stayed there in echo until Poe threw his good arm over his eyes and yawned. He was exhausted, yet too anxious to sleep. His blood hummed in his veins at the mere idea of Finn . . . loving him. Even the thought of it sounded unreal and incredible. 'Well, don't get all worked up now. You've already gone and fucked it up.' The pilot sighed and stared at the ceiling. It was going to be a long night. Notes: Thoughts? Questions? Comment! Notes: Thoughts? Questions? Comment! Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the One-Shot of Angst, please. series