Megan walked into the bullpen, earbuds in. She saw Charlie was already there, explaining the complex math that had led them to the pedophile sitting in the interrogation room. She didn’t notice the tall, dark-haired man behind her. She heard a thumping noise that didn’t match the beat of her music. Suddenly, shots rang out as the dark-haired man began shooting randomly into the bullpen. *** In their tunnel hideaway, they had the Headless Horseman captured. Victory! Ichabod wasn’t sure what to do with himself. Abbie showed him the “fistbump”…strange method of celebration, but, then, everything was strange to him. He thought the rhythmic thudding noise was his heart racing. *** Chekov was used to understanding everything. He’d started the academy when he was so much younger than everyone else, and then breezed through the coursework. He’d done so well his first assignment had been as Alpha navigator for the Starfleet flagship Enterprise. But he was truly perplexed by the thumps. When he was down in Engineering, with all of the machinery thrumming around him, he didn’t really notice. When he joined the rest of the crew to wrestle with the fallout from their latest escapade, he’d hear it once he finished whatever calculations he was doing. He had no idea why every conversation with Sulu, the captain, Mr. Spock, Mr. Scott, Lieutenant Uhura, AND Dr. McCoy was punctuated with thumping. *** As the elevator descended, Dredd broke into Anderson’s first aid pack. He opened her armor and sealed her wound. Too exhausted and weak to speak, she stared at him. He stared back, somewhat surprised that instead of rage, he was filled with…pride? Later, he noted in his report that the elevator needed maintenance to look into the steady thumping noise he heard on the way down. *** Max remembered Before. When he was a police officer. When he patrolled the outskirts of…town… (Which town, Max, which one?) He remembered green. He remembered they worried about green disappearing to the everlasting rabbit infestation. He hadn’t figured on missing rabbits. So much that they showed up in his peripheral vision…though the longer he spent on the War Rig…he kept seeing more. The other visions eased when he was with the Wives and then the Vuvalini…but he kept seeing rabbits. They called him Mad for a reason. *** Dean was sitting on the hood of the Impala, pretending to eat breakfast. Sam had just finished brushing his teeth when an unfamiliar phone rang. They dug through John’s phones in the glove compartment until they found the ringing one. While they talked about this “Adam Milligan”, this unknown half-brother, Dean saw a streak of gray flash through his peripheral vision. *** Donna Noble wasn’t really a pet person, ask anyone. Too busy going with her friends, she’d say, but really, too unstable with her temp jobs and still living with her mum. She sometimes thought it would have been nice to have a pet, and she knew she’d always be back in time to care for it. Always be back in time? Why was that? But no, pets weren’t for her. But she wasn’t cruel. She’d keep feeding the scraggly, tired rabbits that kept stopping to rest in her mum’s back garden. *** Natasha wanted to redeem herself in Steve’s eyes. She’d screwed up on the ship, and Nick’s death had rattled her thoroughly. She tried teasing, first, but he wasn’t receptive. Finally, she just asked. “What do you want me to be?” Steve replied, “How about a friend?” A shaggy brown rabbit hopped across the highway behind the “borrowed” truck. *** The Doctor prowled his control room. He was bored and missed the Ponds. Amy and Rory were off doing something couple-y and grown up, like paying their taxes or something. He wrestled with himself for a moment, whispers of “Don’t be alone” echoing in his memory…in too many different voices. Without thinking, he directed the TARDIS toward their lifetime – he didn’t want to think anymore. The Ponds, laughing like children, dashed through the doors. Amy stopped short. “Doctor! Why is there a rabbit on the TARDIS?” The scraggly rabbit looked exhausted, but when Amy spoke it streaked out of the TARDIS and disappeared in the neighbor’s garden. “Oh, dear,” sighed the Doctor, “I do hope this is when he belongs.” “Well, Doctor, he’s a rabbit, so I don’t think when makes all that much difference,” Rory said dryly. “In this case, the WHERE is the bigger problem. Though he looked like an average, run of the mill British cony, so I think he’s fine.” *** The scraggly rabbit dashed to the woodpile and squeezed herself behind it. She skittered down a tiny hole, one that looked barely big enough for a field mouse, and loped into a twisted maze of underground tunnels and pathways. When she cleared the entryway, she stopped and cursed softly under her breath. She inched forward, looking over the edge of the ledge she occupied. Below her, a twisting jumble of trails, tunnels, and tree roots formed a Gordian knot. Rabbits of all types moved throughout, and the darkness was punctuated with small, shimmering spaces that occasionally disgorged an exhausted rabbit. She made her way down through the levels, past giant Flemish rabbits, cottontails, jackrabbits, hares, and angora rabbits, along with any number of nondescript grayish brownish rabbity-looking creatures. She made her way past alcoves filled with groups of so many types of rabbit she couldn’t name them all. Eventually she found herself in a central cavern at the bottom of the massive Warren. She announced herself to the graying male that blocked her path. “BBC 389765, reporting Problem Delivery.” He looked bored at first, then jumped as if he’d recognized her. His ear twitched nervously. “The Director has requested you report directly to him upon your return. You’re also LATE.” Beece sighed. “Yeah…Protag got stuck in his own head. There should have been a Mono there. I delivered that as best I could, but I had to bang on the doors to get him to pick up the Deuts. THEN one of them saw me. I don’t know if my required delivery went through or not. Which is why I don’t know if this is a double or an incomplete. Or something else. Why do I need to go to the Director for that? I was on my way to QA.” The coordinator shifted uncomfortably. “You’ll have to go to QA another time. Director wants you NOW for something else. He didn’t say what – it’s not just you, by the way. I don’t think you’re in trouble. We all have Problem Deliveries.” Beece flicked her ears in sympathy. “Thanks, friend. I’ll go straight to the Director.” She hopped over to a depression in the floor, filled with sweet straw and clover. “Director? I’m BBC 389765. You wanted to see me as soon as I came in?” She tucked her feet underneath her and waited. The too-large, too-real, too-fantastic, almost-rabbit that served as the Director of the Plot Bunny Warren flicked its tail in acknowledgement. “Make yourself comfortable, Beece. We wait for the others to arrive.” The Director’s multi-tonal voice came from her ears and inside her head at the same time. It used to unsettle her, along with the Director always remembering her self-name, whatever her current designation, but Beece had been a Plot Bunny for nearly 10 years. She’d gotten used to it, she supposed. After all, her job was to deliver story ideas to writers from inside their preferred universe. By itself, it was a fantastical idea. But then, she’d spent 3 years as an AU Bunny, delivering coffee shops, universities, bookstores, and post-apocalyptic settings to writers. She rather hoped she was being reassigned. BBC was fun and all, and her first universe, but…well, she was getting tired of delivering love triangles. Especially since so many writers never went beyond the obvious resolution. She wasn’t even on the Smut run – at least Smut bunnies sometimes delivered polyamory! No, she was on the Gen run – busy, very busy, which is why she was there, and why her number was so high right now. While her mind wandered, other rabbits made their way to her patch of clover. Long-legged jackrabbits shook desert dust from their fur, cottontails huddled together under the clover, and a few irritable hares loped over. A young feral domestic rabbit – Australian, then – staggered over, clearly exhausted from overexertion. This young fellow would have to learn to pace himself. The Mad Max run was exploding, and didn’t look to be slowing down any time soon. Most were scraggly bunnies like her – nondescript, could be from any number of runs. Beece wasn’t really sure what they all had in common, though they looked familiar, somehow…even the young feral kit. A small dwarf rabbit shivered in the corner beside the Director. Looking at her, Beece realized that while she’d seen any number of other bunnies on the Tolkien Runs, she hadn’t seen the dwarf rabbits for a long time. As she considered that observation, the Director roused himself and turned to their gathering. “You are all here because your current assignments are to the same group of writers. Many of you are reporting Problem Deliveries. Many of these problem deliveries are not your fault – there is a problem in Writer Receiving. Your writers are not receiving your deliveries. We do not know why. Some refuse deliveries – this happens as they change and grow as writers. It is not the writer monster Responsibility closing receiving bays – there is no frustration on the wind…” Beece glanced around at her fellows. Frustration on the wind? What did that even mean? The Director raised her nose, scenting the Warren’s air. Almost musing to herself, he muttered, “No…Responsibility has taken the energy needed to keep the bays open…they are not consuming the Source…why are they not consuming the Source?” Beece’s attention snapped back to the Director at that. Before she could formulate anything resembling a question, the Director shook its head, his large ears flopping dramatically. “You Plot Bunnies! You must report on all your recent deliveries to your writers, even the ones that went well! We must gather information and discover! Too many are not returning…too many…this is not right.” Beece shrank down to avoid being seen. She wanted to think about what the Director had and hadn’t said. But she kept an ear tuned to the other bunnies’ reports. “The Aiel Wastes…I stayed in the Aiel Wastes for years…I’ve never been able to deliver this…I returned because I felt the Source close.” “My last delivery was a drabble. I dropped it off, no problem. The Source was fresh and flowing…I reported that it seemed a good place to send a story.” “I’ve been on the Character run for two years, never had a problem. The Source there is established, replenished regularly.” “Old Source spiked in mine, I delivered an old Plot. It’s one that I kept picking up but there wasn’t enough Source to drop off.” “Next to last delivery I dropped it off, saw it plant, begin to grow, but this delivery was refused and the last hadn’t flowered yet.” “New Source! New Writer! New Everything! Easy delivery, no worries! Almost reaching for it, begging for Source, for Plot, really wanted to write!” The feral from Australia was so tired he couldn’t form full sentences. The Director focused full attention on the feral. “What was the delivery type?” “Drabble only, sir. Filling in a missing scene. Very small, as I’m a young bunny yet.” The Director settled back down and disappeared into thought. Beece couldn’t necessarily smell despair on the wind, but she could feel a rising electricity in the air. The Director sat up sharply, suddenly. “BEECE. REPORT. ALL DELIVERIES IN LAST 3 YEARS.” The full force of The Director’s other-worldly attention fell on Beece. Shaking from the force of it, she reported as thoroughly as she could. In the midst of it, she recognized the pattern. For three years, she’d been delivering to the same writer. Initial deliveries were short fics, drabbles, character studies. Later deliveries were sometimes larger. The six months on the MCU run was filled with deliveries that were part of a series, but that suddenly dried up, though no new Source appeared. That was WRONG. She outlined her last deliveries. Two Who runs. First, the angry redhead, always looking for what she’d lost but couldn’t remember what it was. Beece was never sure if she was Protag or Deut. In her own head, she thought the angry redhead should be her own Protag. That delivery was easy – the angry redhead was always preoccupied with what she’d lost so she never noticed anything odd about the bunnies. The second…the happy redhead who used to be sad. The Deut who saw her and showed her to the Protag. What a mess. “Behind…behind…behind…so many behind.” The Director returned to muttering to himself. Beece perked up – BEHIND. That was the last truly successful series of deliveries she’d had. The Writer had a strong Source for moment-fics, of a Minor – even a Protag or Deut – feeling left behind. Funny…Beece thought she should have had a “behind” moment-fic for the angry redhead. But she hadn’t been called to that source in a long, long time. “Sir?” Beece was scared, but she knew the observation was important. “Sir, I feel like I should have had some more deliveries, to a specific writer. But the Source isn’t strong enough. And it’s not that it’s dried up, either. I can see it when I have other deliveries, but I can’t get to it. It’s…it’s blocked.” “Blocked…Blocked…blocked…BLOCKED…bbblllloooccckkkkeeedddd…” The Director’s form seemed to waver as it considered Beece’s words. “Blocked.” Beece couldn’t even say why she used that specific word, but it seemed to be important. The Director suddenly snapped back into form. He turned to the dwarf rabbit next to him. “Tolkien Jackson 809347!” he shouted. Then he tempered his tone when he saw the bunny shrink in fear. “Jack8. Report on last delivery attempt.” Jack8 visibly steeled herself. “Mum, forgive me, Mum, I couldn’t. Source clear and calling when we, sister Keen8 and me, left. Calling the whole way. Left right after new source appeared, arrived and no Source. Heard it calling…couldn’t find it. Looked for Keen8. Couldn’t find. Lost Keen8! Please, Mum, Sister is lost!” By the end of her disjointed speech, the bunny was trembling and moments from panic. “Sister is lost!” The Director settled itself into a more solid form and cuddled closer to the dwarf rabbit, and Beece felt as though a warm blanket had been draped over her. The nervous twitchiness she’d been firmly ignoring eased away under the Director’s projected calm. “Blocked…what is blocked must be unblocked. Writer consumes Source, Writer calls, delivery is too slow. NO. Block is too Fast. NO. BLOCK IS PART OF WRITER.” The Director skillfully maintained their calming influence even as they worked on the problem of the Block. “All wait. Rest. Must speak to Nif Director.” Supes7, a dusty brown veteran of the Supernatural run, flicked his massive jackrabbit ears in shock. “I thought Nif was an urban legend!” “Oh, no, jackrabbit…Nif’s just as old as Fn.” They turned to see a lean white rabbit, stretched out on a prime bed of heather, surrounded by the Trek bunnies. Hoth4. The oldest bunny Beece had ever seen. She’d spent her long career (how long? …decades maybe?) on the Star Wars run. Trek83 nodded. “Us in Star Wars and Star Trek do runs to Nif writers…and not writers…a lot. We run inspiration to anyone who consumes Source. Nif is different…but works the same as Fn.” (Beece hadn’t even realized there was another designation to their warren.) Later, Beece was never able to describe what happened then. A second Director was in the warren…but wasn’t. She shimmered next to Beece’s Director, then overlapped, then separated into a solid bunny. Beece felt something behind her ears but she didn’t know what. Suddenly, the unreality of it all snapped, and Beece could hear their conversation. “Writers blocked. Yes. Blocked. Responsibility has closed bays. But that’s not the cause of the block. The cause is the Nif delivery we made a long time ago. Big delivery. Hard. Complicated. Heartbreaking. Mind numbing. NECESSARY.” Nif Director looked sad and…proud? What was this delivery? If it was such a problem, why hadn’t any of the Fn bunnies seen it? Beece’s Director sighed heavily. “Ah, Nif…I did not know these writers were yours, too.” She seemed sad and proud, too. “Not many of them, and it has been too long since I had your job. But important and, yes, Necessary delivery. Priority delivery, priority growth, priority support…even at expense of my Fn bunnies. But why aren’t my bunnies coming back?” Nif Director seemed tired then. He took a breath, steeled himself, and said, “Not enough source for Diss. Writer is stuck. Needs more Source. Responsibility is preventing access to Source. Don’t know why.” “We will find out and hope to fix it…” Fn Director trailed off, and Beece lost track of their conversation. Nif Director faded out, and Fn Director turned to the plot bunnies. “We need to fix. Jack8, Trek93, Super8, Beece, Trips, Banelf, Effar…wait here. Everyone else, 2 days’ rest. Then come back.” The other bunnies moved out to QA, medical, food stores, and their own flop, understanding that in 2 days’ time, any one of them might be called to go after the first group. Director looked at the seven bunnies intently, her nose working, flicking its ears erratically as she considered the job ahead. Finally, she sighed, and settled more firmly into her form. “Plot bunnies. Such a silly idea. But it works. You hear Source calling, deliver thought, plant it and leave it to grow in your writer’s mind. We are Fn. And Fn is considered unserious by writers. But we are important, very important. Without Fn, there is no Nif. And Nif supports Fn, because Fn must be grounded in solidity. Actuality. Reality. We are important, and writer has forgotten that. We must return. Refill. REMIND…” “BEECE.” She jumped again at the intensity. “Director?” “Beece. You have had most deliveries to Writer. You have most deliveries answering to this Source. You have most successes. You know Writer. You felt Block. Now. Go find it. Remove it. Refill Source, deliver plots, find missing bunnies, come home.” The Director looked at the other six bunnies. “Beece leads, but you are the ones with the most deliveries, best chance to find Source and block. Work together. Be sure at least one of you comes home to report.” -- Despite the unreality of their work, they were still rabbits, moving stealthily through ground cover, staying quiet and hidden, as they worked their way toward the source they all heard calling. They worked through the Ponds’ back garden, hid under an old, black Impala being repaired, hid in the corner of a dusty interstellar bar, and steadily picked their way through many forests filled with gullies, misleading pathways, and hungry wolves. Following the steadily growing call of the Source, they found themselves in new territory, nondescript, good ground cover but very little to indicate what AU they were in. Beece could feel the Source, but she couldn’t find the way. As they tried to work out a safe path to the Source, another, less magical-seeming rabbit approached them. Small, brown, with excellent camouflage, he cautiously approached the group. “I’m from Nif, His15. I made a major delivery this way a while back, and I’ve been updating it regularly, but lately, I’ve been having trouble getting through. My counterpart, Theo15, made the last run…and he didn’t come back. My Director sent me this way, they said I’d find help. Are you help?” Beece jumped in excitement. She wasn’t sure why, but she knew His15 had the information they needed to solve their problem “We are! Can you feel Source? Where are we? How do we get to Source from here?” “We’re in Nif run territory. We still need to deliver Ideas to Writers, but we don’t need to send in AUs or travel through fiction. We move quick as thought through here. My route to Writer is this way.” His15 led them toward what they had considered an unsafe path – exposed, with few hiding spots around. Jack8 seemed nervous, but then “SOURCE. KEEN8. SOURCE. KEEN8. OVER THERE.” His15 and Jack8 tore off across the open ground, as the others dashed after them. They raced through gullies and pathways that seemed more and more like their home warren as they progressed, with the Source calling more and more as they ran. Closer…closer…soon… They turned a final corner and came up hard against a … thing in the middle of the path. A giant, hard, tannish beige, woody, solid, square…thing. Closing off the tunnel they needed to follow to reach the source. A block. Writer’s Block. His15 stood next to another bunny that looked exactly like him. Jack8 was racing along the lowest edge, muttering to himself: “Source under, Keen8 behind, I can hear you, Keen8, I can hear you! Source is blocked, move the block, how do we move the block?” The new bunny, Theo15, looked at the Fn group. “You’re…Fn, right? You can help bring back source! Nif, we can’t do source, but you can! When Nif makes Source go dry, Fn clears it again!” “That’s what our Director implied,” Trek93 said, as she stared at the bottom edge of the Block. “And I’ve rebuilt Sources that were dried out by smaller Nif deliveries. We dig down into the Source, clear out the sludge, it makes Writer want to replenish Source themselves, they open receiving bays. If we don’t clear out sludge, it turns to Block…but this Block is the biggest I’ve seen. And usually, there are small trickles of source we can work with. This Block is different.” Trips suddenly sat. “There’s something wrong with this Block. I feel tired around Blocks, but this one makes me feel too tired. The Block is too close to the ground, too…no Source leaking from anywhere.” The bunnies worked their way around the base of the giant Writer’s Block, but none could find any Source. As they came around to the far side of the Block, Beece’s scented something she’d only met a few times before. Something gray. Something heavy. Numbing. Mindless, blind, irrevocable, interminable, constant. No malice, no rage, no joy, no fear. Nothing. Eating the source wherever it escaped from under the Block. Pressing down on the Block. Holding it in place with its weight. Depression sat on the Block, weighing it down. Eating the Source as it escaped. Eating the warren itself when there was no Source. Massive, monstrous, the largest Beece had ever seen by a long way. She’d always dodged Depression by increasing Source. Depression would eat, and the Writer would continue. “What happens when Depression eats the warren?” Banelf’s voice shook, but she held her ground, staring up at the eyeless monstrosity above. Theo15 leaned into His15 as he answered. “That’s not a warren, really. It’s Writer’s mind. Writer’s spirit. And Depression, when it gets this big, prefers Writer’s spirit and mind. We see it a lot when we have big Nif deliveries. Sometimes…” His voice trailed off. “Sometimes I think it’s our fault. The Nif deliveries are too big, too much at once. Writer only wants a little bit but we give them all of it at once.” Beece shook herself out of her shock. “NO. Writers can always reject delivery. Source dries up. Delivery with no growth happens, too. But I see Depression, too, on Fn runs. Depression eats source, and eats Mind and Spirit, then eats Hobbies, Friendship, Happiness, Sadness, eats Writer’s Self. We need to stop Depression before it goes that far.” Trek93 sank to the ground. “We don’t stop Depression. We can’t. There are only two solutions. 1. Writer decides to get help to control Depression. 2. Depression decides it’s done and moves on.” She looked up at the gray beast as it sniffed around the edges of the warren. “We need to watch. If Writer has gotten help, Depression will react. We observe and then report.” -- Beece raced straight to the Director on her return to the warren, shouting as soon as she was close. “Sir! Ma’am! Director! We know what the problem is!” The Director slewed her head around to look at Beece, as she babbled through her report. “…and, Director! Depression stopped eating the warren, but didn’t move. But it stopped eating. It Stopped Eating. I think it’s going to move soon! But I also think if we don’t get the Block moved as soon as possible, Depression will come back. We watched, and it was comfortable on top of the Block, but if we take away the block, it doesn’t have a place to sit!” The Director sighed. “You are right, Depression will come back. But Depression will come back anyway, whether or not we move the Block. Depression lives there. Depression will always live there. But the Block makes it easier for Depression to live there. We have to move the Block, to do our job, and to help the Writer. But we won’t get rid of Depression.” The Director’s form shimmered and wavered, as it seemed its otherworldliness was suddenly harder to control. Beece felt a warmth spread through her – a triumphant joy. The Director spoke without modulating its voice, and Beece heard layers of laughter, from all their AUs, Deuts and Protags, the most joyful and celebratory laughs she’d ever heard. The Director spoke with the voices of her favorites, the angry redhead, the sisters, the genius, the man lost in time, the ones exploring space, the brothers, the ballerina, the judge, with all the happiness each could muster: “New Source! New Source for all! New Source connected to Old Source! New Universes, New Worlds, for so many Writers!” “New story, Boss?” Beece whispered. “Soon, Beece. Writer waits to write, absorbs Source many times before accepting delivery. But this delivery, she will take, around the Block. She will take delivery, and she will hold it close until the time is right. You need to go through the scene with the plot, to the block, and she will move block to take it. Wait, though. It will be one she must take.” The Director settled back into its shape, with its ears flicking rapidly, murmuring to itself. “Tiny moments…tiny moments…forgiveness…remembrance…seeking…Ah. Belonging. Left Behind in the desert, Left Behind at the bar, the weapon Left Behind…refusing to leave them behind…” The Director’s murmurs grew ever quieter, as Beece recognized the familiar itch behind her ears. Source was calling. The Plot was ready. She waited as the urgency built, the burning need to RUN and never stop, to go, to go go GO GO GO!!!!! She raced out of the warren, up a new path already filling with bunnies from every direction. Charging past the other Gens, the Smut bunnies, and an amazing number of university and high school AUs, Beece raced toward her pickup point. She bolted into the scorching sun of a desert planet, skittering through the canvasses of the tent city, and skidded, breathless, to a stop under a makeshift table. A young woman scrubbed at a piece of metal, and watched a weathered old woman do the same. She wondered… and before she finished that thought, Beece grabbed the Plot and raced away toward the Block. *** Unkar Plutt wondered, idly, when one of those scavengers was going to try to catch that rabbit to supplement their portions. *** Beece tore into the now-familiar stretch of Nif territory, letting the need to run drive her as never before, until she reached the Block. Depression was still there, but she saw it was twitching, twisting, shifting away from something Beece couldn’t perceive. *GOGOGOGOGO* rang in her heart, but she waited. Depression leaned toward the warren walls, then down toward the tiny rivulets of Source that were appearing at the bottom. It snorted with irritation and stretched up on its oddly-shaped legs. It growled, low and angry, and Beece could SEE its resistance. Writer was creating rules and boundaries and forcing it back to where it couldn’t do damage. *GONOWGONOWNOWNOWGOGOGO* screamed in Beece’s head, but still, she waited. If she went now, she’d lose it, and the Block would stay. Depression gave a final, grumbly snort and stretched its legs down off the Block, walking away from the warren, where it could no longer hide by pretending to belong there. The Block rose as the weight of Depression eased, and Beece saw the roiling, bubbling source underneath, desperate to escape but held back by the all-encompassing heaviness of Depression. Beece had to do very little digging to loosen the bottom of the block. As she worked at it, she heard scrapings from the other side. The Block suddenly shattered and Beece raced through, carrying her Plot to the brand new source bubbling just ahead. She planted it, and as she watched it sprout, she became aware of other bunnies rushing through – dwarf rabbits, old Trek bunnies, scraggly jackrabbits, British conies, Australian ferals, and the too-real bunnies of Nif Warren. One of those too-real rabbits came back to Beece after she’d delivered. “Beece? I’m Chi15, counterpart of His15 and Theo15. Thank you. We’ll get this big one done soon, now that we can get in.” She immediately raced off, leaving Beece both bemused and gratified. She turned to go and saw, waiting behind her, a collection of rabbits. The missing dwarf bunnies, a long-eared desert hare, and some Oklahoma jackrabbits, including the oldest rabbit she’d ever seen. The old jackrabbit leaned in. “I’m Hosla. I’ve been here for years. I delivered the plot right before Depression arrived. Now, I think she’ll finally write it. Thank you.” *** “What’s the word, Too-Tall?” Kayla smirked at Hosea as he tuned Jeanette’s strings. He didn’t look up, but smiled just the same. “The word is ‘Happy,’ Little Bit.” ***