He should be ecstatic. He really should be. And he could be, if he really put his back into it. But all he could think about was the details. “It’s itchy,” he told the dressmaker, a dangerous edge to his words. “In the back. So fix it .” He shoved the long, white length at her. The small, round woman nervously scuttled away, clutching the rippling yards to her chest. Disobedience would’ve been severely punished, and she did not wish to agitate the emperor any further. The door slammed open, and the woman nearly slid under the well-toned arm in order to make her escape. The new figure chuckled. “What happened this time?” came a drawl. “Terrorizing the commoners again?” Hux refused to give him the satisfaction of even looking at him. “You’re not supposed to be here!” Hux snapped. “I’m getting my dress fitted; you can’t see me in it until the wedding, Ren.” “‘Ren’?” he echoed, something damnable twinkling in his eyes. “Touchy, touchy. And besides…” He moved from his lean in the doorway to lope forward elegantly, so different from his usual stomping along the halls of the Finalizer . Funny, how Hux could remember those days so clearly. Hux looked down to find his thin and shaking fingers entwined with Kylo’s warm and heavy ones. “And besides,” Kylo repeated. “You’re not wearing the dress now, are you?” Before Hux could disagree, he was pulled into an enveloping embrace that pressed his face in Kylo’s hair, right above his shoulder. He could smell his oddly fruity shampoo. It didn’t quite fit Kylo Ren, but Hux couldn’t imagine him without it. “It’s bad luck,” Hux whispered into Ren’s ear, tendrils of black hair tickling his nose. “Stop worrying,” Kylo whispered back. “About what?” Hux untangled his arm (or hand, rather) that Kylo was clinging to so that he could touch Kylo’s hair. It was soft. Kylo squeezed his cold hand. “Everything.” He pulled back, holding Hux out at arm’s length. Hux could feel his dark eyes searching his face. He still refused to look at Kylo. “The dress looked beautiful,” he murmured. It was supposed to be comforting, and perhaps the Force was with Kylo, because Hux could feel himself relaxing, despite the prickling anger that threatened to erupt. He could push that aside for now. For the Empire, the - what did they say? - the show must go on . And for Kylo, too. And for himself. He never thought that this day would come, when he’d bind himself to another. Hux’d always thrived on his own independence, but with Kylo? With Kylo, he’d realized that marriage would not be the end of his independence. Kylo would not be reliant on him, and he would not have to rely on Kylo. He was the emperor, after all. “Better?” Kylo’s voice broke the strange trance Hux had gotten himself into. He could feel Kylo’s weight on his hands, in his look. Hux looked up at Kylo, doing his best to smile. It did not come easily. “Your face is blurry,” he said instead. Kylo gave a strange gurgle that was maybe a laugh, and pressed something cool and metal into his hand. Probably used the Force, or whatever. “Your glasses,” he said. “You took them off for the dress-fitting.” He took them, but he did not put them on. “I can’t look at you until tomorrow.” Kylo tilted his head, and Hux could just imagine the funny look he was receiving. “You’re the one wearing the dress.” “Doesn’t matter,” Hux dismissed, squeezing Kylo’s hand once before letting go. “I’ll see you in a few hours, dear , at the altar.” It was supposed to be a running joke, the use of the pet-names. But Hux knew that Kylo secretly loved them, the dork. “I can’t wait, love ,” Kylo replied, disgustingly sincere. The other man shot him a cheeky wink, too. Hux shoved him away, and smiled, despite himself. For real, this time. Notes: I'm taking prompts on tumblr right now! This one was thanks to the lovely @hux-you-up. Want one? :) Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the kylux tumblr prompts series Next Work →