Ren felt as if he was moving underwater. His conversation with Snoke played over and over again in his side, like a broken record in a haunted house. He didn't know how he got from the quasi temple to the landing shuttle. He only knew that one moment he was standing in front of the deformed figure of Master Snoke and the next he was staring at the door to the cockpit. He knew that Hux was inside it, waiting for him, but just like always he could barely feel his presence. Hux's thoughts were always closed off to him, much like Snoke's was, and his force signature was muted. It was expected of a force null, but Hux's signature was even more so. The complete mental quiet of Hux was disconcerting as well as comforting at times. Uncomfortable, because he could only guess what Hux was really thinking. Comforting, because Ren could spend extended periods of time in his presence without developing a headache from constant noise. Ren didn't know how long he had hesitated before the door like a coward before he braced himself to punch the locking mechanism. The oddly large cockpit was dark, only lit up by the stars outside and the muted red glow of the dashboard. Hux's odd hair colour stood out even more this way and his pale skin almost seemed to glow with the red lights. He was sitting in the autopilot's chair where Ren had left him, with his back to the door. As soon as the door hissed open though, he turned around. The sharp angles of his face stood out even more with the pronounced shadows caused by the lack of light. His brightly coloured eyes seemingly glowed in contrast. He looked near ethereal. Ren suddenly felt self conscious, reminded by the loss of his helmet and the large scar that ran diagonally across his face. Next to Ren (next to anyone, really) Hux looked especially unreal, his skin free of clear flaws. Ren took a step further inside, the door sliding shut behind him. Hux stood. They were both silent. "So," Hux then began, letting out a low, awkward cough to clear his throat. "...How did it go?" He asked. Ren didn't immediately reply, not knowing where to begin. Hux looked out through the ship's windscreen. The tiny pinpricks of faraway stars caused the mottled green of his to glimmer. Ren felt the dread and hesitation coil itself tighter in his gut. How would he even begin? "...Hux-" he finally began, but was immediately cut off by the man himself. "Oh no," the general said, whirling his head around to lock eyes with Ren. Ren struggled not to shy away from what he saw there. He'd never really needed the Force to tell him what Hux thought. "It-" he began again, but Hux wouldn't let him finish "Don't!" He said, putting a finger up and looking down at the floor in front of his feet. His eyes were tightly screwed shut for a moment before he opened them again. "Say. Anything," he continued. Hux's breathing was louder than normal, in through his nose and hissed out between his teeth. He closed his eyes tightly once more and put his hand on the back of the chair to steady himself. His grip was enough to cause indents in the padding from his sharp nails. His breathing became more controlled, but he still wouldn't look at Ren. "He told you to kill me, didn't he?" Hux asked, voice low. Ren stayed quiet. "Didn't he?!" It sounded more like an accusation this time and Hux turned his head up to stare into Ren again. Ren gulped, even more unsure of himself than before. "How did you know?" He asked. There was no need to confirm what Hux already knew to be true. The general let out a bitter laugh, shaking his head ever so slightly. A strand of hair had fallen out from his otherwise immaculately kept do and he swept it behind his ear. It fell again. Ren winced internally, seeing that Hux was very close to losing his barely kept composure. Hux was the kind of man that looked neutral til the last minute before erupting in a fiery explosion of rage. Him already becoming unhinged was dangerous, unpredictable. Ren was used to him keeping it all in until it flooded, but this reaction was new. And without any mental feedback, he was, quite frankly, terrified of what the outcome would be. "You're too used to wearing that ugly bucket, so your face is an open book," Hux said sharply, like a lash suddenly meeting flesh with a desounding crack. "I'm sorry," Ren said before he could stop himself. Hux waved his hand dismissively. "No you're not," he said, looking out at the sky once more. "I am," Ren insisted, stepping closer. Hux looked him over with a smirk that didn't reach his eyes, but he let Ren talk. "In another lifetime, we could have been friends," Ren told him. He took another step forward and Hux moved a step backwards. Ren tried not to let the hurt register in his voice when he said, "Or more." He sounded oddly small. He felt like he was a teenager again, unknowing and afraid, insecure and lonely . Hux just snorted. "In another lifetime, maybe you wouldn't have been so annoying," he countered, tilting his head up in his arrogant general stance. Ren let out an indignant noise of frustration. "Do you really want our last conversation to be us arguing?" He cried out. "Haven't we done enough of that?!" He was becoming angry too, he realised. But at who, at what? Everything and everyone, was the logical conclusion. But not Hux, not really. He was simply unfortunate enough to be the only one who could give him a response at that moment. And respond he did. "Maybe I know that this won't be our final conversation," Hux said. It sounded like a threat. "Maybe I'm planning on haunting you." It was definitely a threat. Ren shook his head. "You could try, but only force-sensitives can become ghosts," he said. Hux laughed again, the sound mocking and cruel to Ren's ears. Why did he really care about him, again? Why hadn't he struck him down already? Hux was poisoning him. "Who said I'll be a ghost?" Hux said and yes, that was definitely a threat. "Don't think I don't know that you're stalling," Ren said. "No persuasion will stop me from doing the thing I came here to do." "Ah, yes," Hux sighed. "The thing you can't even say out loud, the thing you could have done multiple times already, the thing you're accusing me of stalling, the thing you still aren't even beginning to do, the thing I'm starting to doubt that you're even capable of doing. That thing?" "You want me to say it?" Ren hissed, stepping closer. He was just a step away from Hux now. He could see the specks of grey in his eyes. "No, I'd like you to never say anything again. That would be wonderful," Hux sneered and then plastered on a fake smile. "I do have one last request, though," he added. "Name it," Ren said. He'd move a mountain. "Yes, I would like you to lower my coffin, so that you can let me down one last time." "There won't be a coffin for you," Ren told him. "This ship will be your tomb." Hux turned his face away from him again. Ren told himself that it wasn't moisture that he saw in his eyes, but the reflection of the stars. Ren could imagine the way Hux had probably thought he would die. In battle, young and fierce or old, in his bed as the first ruler of his own, new empire. The funeral would have been grandiose either way, with honours and teary eyed speeches. Epic music would play from an orchestra as loyal soldier held his coffin and walked in somber procession. He would have a place secure in history. Hux, the slaughterer of billions. A fine title. This was not a drop in the ocean compared to that, it was piss in the ocean. It was the greatest punishment, the greatest dishonour that could have been bestowed him. He would either be remembered as the General who died together with his life's work, going out in a majestic explosion, blinding like a supernova. Or he wouldn't be remembered at all. He'd rot here. "I can hold you when you fall," Ren found himself saying. Hux regarded him with confusion. "Since I believe that would benefit both of us." Hux just looked more confused. "Both of us?" He repeated with disbelief. More of his hair had fallen out of place. Ren swallowed down the lump in his throat. "I never hated you, Hux," he said. Too quietly. Too much like a gentle whisper, a caress across soft skin. It was an admission that he'd imagined he would someday say under the cover of complete darkness, trailing hot kisses along straining muscles pulled taut, and maybe, just maybe Hux would have told him what he wanted to hear. "I can't say the same." The words hit him like a shot to the gut and his breath hitched. The pain of them spread through his torso, laying devastation and shock in their wake. Ren felt as if he was the one dying. Not for the first time and not for the last, he wished he could hear what Hux was thinking. Let down your guards for me. One last time. For the first time. Let's both let our guards down. "Do you really want those to be your last words?" He asked. "I'm perfectly fine with using my last words to insult you," Hux said simply. Ren put his hand on his saber, gripping it so tightly that the leather of his glove creaked. "You don't want to do this," Ren warned. This seemed to be what finally made Hux snap. "No, you know what?" He hissed. "Fuck you." Ren stopped breathing. Hux wasn't anywhere near finished. "Fuck your fucked up morals, fuck your sense of honour, fuck SNOKE, fuck the fact that you think that you have any control over me, fuck the fact that you want ME to comfort YOU! Newsflash: the victim shouldn't comfort their murderer! Fuck your sense of entitlement, fuck your privilege and fuck your apologies! No apologies or shrewd love confessions will ever make me forgive you, because no pretty words can cover the fact that you're planning on killing me anyway. "And, more importantly, FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU for trying to decide how I die! I'm my own man! " With every word his tone rose from low anger to bright hot, burning rage yelled at the top of his lungs. Hux had closed the space between them so that he was nearly pressed flush against Ren's chest. He yelled the words in his would be executioner's face, his hands seemingly not being able to decide what they were doing. Ren would have been amused by the fact that Hux was standing on the tips of his toes at another time, but at the moment the few centimetres it gave Hux made Ren feel small, insignificant. A child, chastised by their teacher. He held his saber in his hand, but his grip was loose, resigned. Unwilling, but forced. Waiting. He thought Hux would go on, continue to hurl accusations at him. Hux had another idea. He had known before that he wouldn't be able to predict where this particular brand of Hux's rage was going and for once, the fact that Hux proved him right gave him no sense of satisfaction. Because before Ren could stop him, Hux had wrenched the lightsaber out of his hand, put it to his chest and ignited it. Hux cried out in pain and Ren screamed as well, out of surprise and fear and denial. Hux's knees buckled and Ren surged forward to grip the saber with his right hand, catching Hux with his left arm around his waist. He quickly turned the lightsaber off and threw it to the side. He didn't look to see where it landed. Hux held his left hand over the gaping hole in his chest, gripping the torn fabric so hard that his knuckles turned white. Blood came up in his mouth and dyed the corners of his lips. He gasped, trying desperately to breathe and the scarlet liquid dripped out of the left corner of his mouth where his face was angled away from Ren. It poured down his cheek in a thin stream, pooling by the crook of his neck and dying the black fabric of his collar even darker. The sound of his breath was raspy, more and more blood lodging itself in his throat, trying to fight its way out. Ren wrapped his arm tighter around his waist and used his free arm to support his upper body. He let Hux down to the floor and rested his head in his lap. Hux still held his hand tightly fisted in the fabric of his uniform above the cauterised wound, but his grip was ever so slightly growing weaker. "Why?!" Ren cried, a feeling of betrayal lodged in his gut like a rock. This hurt him more than any words ever could. And Hux knew that. "You would kill yourself just to spite me?" He gasped, trying to wrap his head around the fact that he finally held Hux in his arms. Hux laughed at him once more, the sound turning into a cough that stained them both with red. "It's always about you, isn't it?" He said rhetorically. "But actions do speak louder than words and I can think of no better way to say 'fuck you' than this." He let his head fall back with a resigned sigh, giving way to pained wheezing. "Now let me reflect on my life in peace, thank you," he said, struggling to make the words as intelligible as possible. Ren shook his head profusely. "No, I'm not letting you do this," he said. "I'm not actively doing anything , Kylo. I'm dying. You'd deny a man his dying wish? Cruel, even for you," Hux said, face going paler. He was weakening by the second. "That wound will take ten minutes to kill you at the very least. You shouldn't be alone," Ren insisted. Hux looked like he'd suddenly stand up and beat the ever living shit out of him, injuries and all. Ren didn't doubt that he probably could. "Leave!" Hux's cry was loud, firm. Ren desperately wished that he could know what he was thinking. Instead, despite every bone is his body aching to stay, Ren gently let him down on the floor, careful so that Hux's head wouldn't bump into the hard steel. And so, he left. Notes: i just wrote the word "stars" wayyy too many times, but it's not like there are many alternatives. "giant burning ball of gas" is accurate, but not that romantic. or, well. i suppose that depends on who you ask. Also someone take my writing badge away from me, because this shit is not acceptable. I still don't have a beta, I still only write late at night and I STILL HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I'M DOING