Welcome! Welcome to this lovely set of one shots! Since this runs on fan requests, there is no actual chapter, but I will use this as a chance to lay out the basics. These will be in no chronological order, unless you guys WANT a sequel, the one shot is a stand-alone. I will accept NO SMUT. I want to keep it clean... No polyamory relationships, please. I want this to be Finnrey, not Jedistormpilot. Other than the two aforementioned rules, I accept any and all prompts and I put My email in the summary so you guys can reach me that way too. Well, that's all for now, remember... PROMPTS=POSTS Chapter 2 : Injured New Horizons: Injured Prompt: Finn gets a little injured on a mission and Rey goes crazy. In all the craziness, they confess their love for each other. Rey Pov: Finn is off for his first mission since that snowy night on Starkiller Base. He has been assigned to head to a First Order dominant system and seek out a resistance sympathizer and find out info on the First Order's whereabouts and plans. Simple, really. It was a 2 day mission, and today was the day Finn was supposed to come home. General Organa said to expect Finn and the others at about 1300. So, here I am at 1230 in the hangar bay. Ugh, sometimes I wonder if it's worth it. I mean, I have had feelings for Finn ever since I came back from D'Qar 3 months ago. But that doesn't mean I wait like Finn is my boyfriend. Besides, it's not like I'll suddenly say, "Oh hey Finn, I've had these feelings for you for over 3 months and I have just now decided to tell you. Anyways, what's for dinner?" I don't know. Maybe something will happen. Probably not. I check my watch again. Yes! 1300 hours! Finn and the others should be coming any minute! Oh man, if waiting for 2 days for those guys wasn't arduous enough, just wait for the really long assignments. As Finn touches down and opens up his door, I notice he gets out with the most obvious limp I've ever seen. Upon instinct, I run up to Finn, my protective senses kicking in. "What happened to you?" I ask, worried for Finn and his wellbeing. "Uh... Well... I May have took a blaster bolt to the calf...." Finn says, almost reluctantly. "Finn! That thing could get infected, and if you're not careful, you could get severe infection and LOSE your leg! Come on, we're going to the medbay to get you checked out!" I say, extremely worried. As Finn limps along, I support him with both of my arms and the Force. Man, he is both weak and heavy, a deadly cocktail. I eventually get Finn to the medbay and he gets in a room on the spot. In the room, I get a really good look at the wound. Ugh, it's a nasty blaster shot, that's for sure. "Finn..." I say in bewilderment, amazed he let himself get this way. I then say, "Finn, why did you let yourself get this way? Finn, I love you and I hate seeing you this way." It is then I realize what I just said. I just confessed my feelings for Finn. It came out so easily too. I am interrupted by Finn saying, "I know Rey, and I love you too. I just didn't bother thinking." Finn then realizes what he just said as well. Our silence is broken by a med droid coming in and treating Finn. The droid says it isn't too serious and doesn't require stitches. The droid then applies a healing salve and gives Finn a bottle of the stuff. We then are free to go. Once we are out of the medbay, Finn presses his lips against mine and says, "I love you, Rey." "I love you too, Finn." I say without apprehension. And all I know is at peace. Chapter 3 : BB-Bonding Summary: Prompt: Finn and Rey bond over BB-8. Notes: I loved this prompt when I got it. It's JediStorm bonding over a certain BB unit. I'm sorry it's So short, But I was writing this before I went to a movie with my siblings. I'm literally writing this on the way home from said movie. I also just ate, so forgive the shortness. Rey pov: As Finn and I walk along the Resistance base, Finn attempts to strike up a conversation. "So, how long has it been since we've escaped from Jakku?" Finn asks. "5 months." I say, because I still remember the day in vivid clarity. Finn then says, "So it has been 5 months since BB-8 came rolling into our lives with a map to a legend?" I just nod, realizing how true it is. "Yet we thought he was nothing more than a pesky droid. Something to slow us down." I say. Finn then said, "You know, we technically owe our relationship to BB-8." I respond with, "Yeah. True. But she is still annoying." Finn chuckles fondly. "She is a wild thing." Finn says. I grin. "Yeah," I say with a chuckle, "She is." Chapter 4 : I can hear my heart go Summary: Prompt: Rey has feelings for Finn but is too shy/scared to admit it. BB-8 decides to take matters into her own hands (or at least what does for hands) Notes: So this is a 3rd person pov for severus, I made an effort to make is as long as possible. I hope you guys enjoy! P.S. The chapter title is took from "Uh-Oh" by Chloe Bennet. Yes, the actress from Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. 3rd person pov: As Rey walked the resistance base, she was caught up in a reverie. She was thinking about Finn, and how different life for her was since he woke up. One thing in particular was different: She had officially fallen head over heels in love with Finn. That was the same case for Finn. Rey feared that if she told Finn about her feelings, it would destroy their friendship. Finn feared that if he told Rey his feelings, she would merely laugh in his face and never speak to him again. Now, Rey had never exactly been a shy girl, you just can't do that on a desolate planet like Jakku, which is also filled to the gills with corruption. Yet Rey had never felt so shy about one thing in all of her life. Finn on the other hand HAD to be quiet, for being a stormtrooper didn't allow things like love get in the way of the mission. His squad and the first order were his life. But now, he has a choice which way his life goes. And the only one who notices what's going on- BB-8. The Orange and White droid had noticed the feelings between the two for the past 4 months. Yet the lovestruck duo just didn't realize it. As BB-8 rolled beside Rey, she noted how the latter was in a reverie of some sort. The former noted that and beeped to get Rey's attention. "What is it?" Rey asked, wondering if there was a threat to them. Beebee beeped saying, 'Master Rey, do you like Finn? I've noticed you staring at him for the past few months and you seem like you're in a daze thinking about him.' Rey pauses, as if thinking about whether to tell the droid. After letting out a breath, Rey says, "Yes. For the past four months." Well, she doesn't say it, she whispers it. Then she asks in a normal tone, "How did you know?" Beebee only beeps. Rey then walks for a little longer, and goes to help General Organa. Beebee realizes that now, she's on her own, and decides that she will find Finn and get him to confess his feelings to Rey if it's the last thing she does. As Beebee rolls around the base, she finds Finn and beeps belatedly to get his attention. Eventually, Finn confesses to the droid and says he needs to go to his quarters before dinner. Shortly after that, Beebee goes to see Rey and tells her that Finn returns his feelings. Rey smiles but says, "That can't be true." After the conversation with Beebee, it's dinner. As Rey takes her usual seat and waits for Finn, she begins to fill her plate. As Finn comes to their table, the two say at the same time, "I need to tell you something." Before Rey can react, Finn says, "You first." Rey then states bluntly, "I've had feelings for you for the past 4 months I've been back on base." "Me too." Finn says. Finn then decided to do something even more courageous. He brings Rey's face to his and kisses her passionately. At first, Rey is unsure of what to do, but returns the kiss anyways. After that, Finn says, "I've wanted to do that since you came back." "Me too." Rey says. And all that they know is at peace. Chapter 5 : Baby tonight, we're beautiful now. Summary: Prompt: College/University AU where Finn and Rey are roommates and it's pizza night. Notes: The chapter title comes from "Beautiful Now" by Zedd ft. Jon Bellion. I don't own that, "The Jungle Book", or "Star Wars." There is also mentioned prayer. But anyways, I hope you guys like this one. It has tooth-rotting fluff. New Horizons Rey pov Tonight is pizza night. But it is not just ANY pizza night, either. Today finals ended! So, in honor of the occasion, Finn is ordering 3 pizzas and we've rented a movie. "The Jungle Book." While Finn and I wait for the pizza to come, Finn and I make idle chatter while our dog, Bilbo Baggins the 8th sits on my lap. After about 10 minutes of chatter, we hear a knock at the door. As Finn grabs $20, he opens the door and gives the pizza guy his money. After that, he comes in and regains his place next to me on the couch. As soon as he sets the pizzas down, we bless the food and Finn opens all three boxes while I put in "The Jungle Book." While the previews play out for the film, I grab two slices of pizza: One Meat Eater, the other Hawai'ian. Finn gets two slices also, both meat eater. While the film plays out, we both eat piece after piece of all three pizzas. Then, something unexpected happens near the end of the film. Finn wraps his arm around me. And I do something even more unexpected. I put my head on his shoulder. We watch the movie, and as soon as the end credits are rolling, Finn presses his lips to mine in a passionate kiss. I kiss back, and caress his jawline while doing so. As soon as Finn pulls away, he asks, "Rey, will you be my girlfriend?" I only nod, not trusting my voice. Finn finally did it. The guy who I've had feelings for actually returned those feelings. Huh, I guess this pizza night was more special than I thought it would be. It was more than special, though. It was absolutely spectacular. I smile against his chest, and all I know is at the most serene state it can be in. Chapter 6 : Prompts? So guys, this fic started our with prompts galore and now I'm wondering where they've gone?? If any of y'all have any prompts at all, let me know. I'm working on one right now for my aos fic "Teenagers. 'Nuff said." And I'm pretty sure My aos crossover is losing interest. I know my writing could be better, but it will only get better if I keep doing it. So, let the prompts rain people! I promise you I'll make it as great as I can possibly make it. And I'll have more time to write since school's out. Ok, until next time I'm out! Chapter 7 : Sore Summary: Prompt from guest: Rey gets back from training and is super sore (her feet are killing her) so her super awesome sharpshooter boyfriend Finn decides to give her a massage (they share a quarters). Notes: Sorry to the guest if the prompt isn't to the letter, but I was right when I said I was going to have way too much fun because I DID! Anyways, I hope you guys enjoy and remember PROMPTS=POSTS. Also, May the Force be With You. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey Pov: There are only 3 sounds to be heard. Number one: The sound of Master Luke and I's panting. Number two: The slash of two dueling sabers as the colors collide, forming an odd shade of gold at the exact point of intersection. Number three: The occasional slap of flesh against the resistance-issued training mat. Master Luke and I have been training for 8 hours. This is our last sparring session of the day. To say Jedi training is hard is the understatement of the decade. Every day, I must put my body and mind under copious, arduous strain. But as of right now, the only thing I can keep my mind on is defending myself from Master Luke's blows. After another set of parried strikes, Master Luke calls it for the day. "You have done enough for the day, Padawan. Now, let yourself relax before dinner. You've earned it." Was what Master Luke had said before sending me off. When I begin to walk is when I feel the effects of an arduous day on my body, or more specifically, my feet. Yet, I find the will to walk to my shared quarters with my longtime boyfriend, Finn. "Love makes a Jedi stronger when utilized correctly." Luke said once, much to my shock. Before that, I feared that I would have to let go of all of my attachments to truly become a Jedi. Before I know it, I am at the door of our quarters. I slide the key card, unlocking the sliding, sleek door of our home. Finn is there already, reading a book. Luckily, his day ends 3 hours before mine. I flop down on our bed. Finn, as if immediately knowing what to do, comes over and sits by my side. He still feels the need to ask, as if to confirm his suspicions: "Are you alright?" I shake my head and say, "My feet feel like they've been trampled, beaten, and bruised by a bantha." Finn nods in understanding. "I can help. The troops in my division and I often had the exact same problems as you have now." I give him a look and nod my consensus to him. As Finn gently takes off my shoes and socks, he begins to rub and it hits all the right pressure points. It's like he is using the Force itself to aid in healing my sore, tired feet. I feel as if I'm in a warm cloud of some sort, a daze in a way. It just feels amazing to have an actual recovery time after an arduous, fulsome day, whereas on Jakku the only refuge or break I had was when I had a few sips of my rationed water supply. I just can't believe Finn is able to do this and make me feel like I'm on a bed of clouds in less than 30 minutes. I'm officially amazed by my sharpshooter boyfriend's many talents. "So it turns our shooting isn't the only gift you have with your hands." I say, only half jokingly. Finn nods his thanks at my compliment. So, that's how General Organa finds Finn and I close together on the bed, fast asleep in the middle of dinner. Notes: Hope y'all enjoyed! May the Force be with You! That ending though :). So fluffy! Thanks again to the guest for the prompt!! Hope I get more prompts soon! Or else I'll have to do my own prompts lol jk! I love you guys! I loved writing this! Now, I have a challenge for you guys: I'll post every day for a week on one condition: Somebody has to guess my favorite part in TFA! Whoever can do that gets to send me 7 prompts that I'll post daily! Ready, Aim, FIRE!!! Chapter 8 : Sparks fly Summary: Prompt: Rey works in the camping section of a retail store, and Finn works in the same store in the men's department and Rey has a major crush on Finn. Notes: Hey guys! It's me with a late night update! This was a prompt for Fenuituan (sorry if I spelled it wrong!) Anyway, I hope you guys enjoy! May the Force be with You! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey pov: "Fast comes the blessing of all that you've dreamed, but then comes the curses of diamonds and rings, only at first-" I cut the fantastic, gritty vocals of Dan Reynolds and Imagine Dragons to get ready for my day at Resistance sporting goods. While Leia is a fair boss and I love my job, sometimes I wonder if it's worth getting up at 3 am for. As I make up my bed, my thoughts wander to my different jobs today. I have to restock the fishing poles, rifles, and tents due to a whole new shipment that came in last night all the way from Utah. Soon enough, I'm in the shower, and my thought wander to something more than camping goods. My mind wanders to Finn, a man about my age working in the men's department. I don't know what made me attracted to him in the first place. He was hire number 2,187. As I muse more about Finn, I wash myself and get out of the shower and put on my usual work clothes. Leia doesn't have a dress code or uniforms, except we can't show up naked. The outfit is just a beige tank top with brown shorts. I slip on a pair of Nike running shoes and tie my hair up in 3 buns, for they had become popular with the customers. After that, I grab my car keys to my 2007 Jeep Wrangler and a power bar with a protein shake and head out the door. I then start my commute, Flyleaf blaring. I am finished with my power bar by the time I'm at work. I start drinking my protein shake as I approach the door, 5 minutes early. Soon enough, I am through with my drink and head in. I notice Finn and wave. Finn reciprocates the gesture with a smile. I smile back and head back to my department to unpack and stock the shelves for the coming crowds. Soon enough, I am done unpacking and stocking. I sit at the desk, waiting for the inevitable confused customer in need if help. Not right now though, for it is only 11:30 am. Nobody should be here for another 1-2 hours. As I walk around the store, I only see about 10 customers who are all seasoned fisherman, campers, boaters, etc. While I am looking though, I bump into a hard chest. I look up and realize it's Finn. I blush and apologize. "It's alright." Is all Finn says with I smile. "Hey Rey, I was wondering, our lunch break is in half an hour, how would you like to accompany me to this great restaurant I know about 5 minutes from here? It just serves burgers and seafood, but I think you'd like it." Finn says. I nod honestly. This is actually happening. 'Wait, it's not a date.' I think to myself. He probably doesn't like me that way. Finn pov: I can't believe this! She actually thinks I'm worth her time! She is actually wanting to go out and eat with me! Well, she probably doesn't like me that way, but a man can dream! Rey pov: I head back to my desk, and send Finn a smile on the way. As I do, my heart is beating out of my chest. Soon enough, it's lunch and Finn is taking me to the restaurant he told me about. On the way, I learn he enjoys Flyleaf also, and we reflect on our favorite songs by the aforementioned band. When we get there, Finn opens the door for me, like a gentleman and I step out and send a thankful smile his way. As we walk in, Finn continues the gentlemanly behavior. And while he does that, I have a swell of hope in my chest that he may just consider this a date. Finn pov: I act like a gentleman, hoping to high heaven that that means Rey will consider this a date. Rey smiles at me in thanks. As we head to a table, Rey chooses a booth and we sit across from each other and talk until the waiter takes our food and drink orders. We both decide on a seafood platter with water. As Rey and I talk, I slowly crack up the courage to say something that will either be on of m my greatest triumphs which I will tell the story of to my children, or on of my most embarrassing failures. After 10 more minutes of conversation, our drinks come. The waiter promises that our food should be coming out soon. As Rey and I drink our drinks, I pull out a purple box and say, "Rey, I have had the most massive crush on you ever since we've been working together. So, I was wondering, would you be my girlfriend?" Rey nods and I hand her the gift. It is a silver necklace with a simple locket charm. She smiles at me and vehemently, happily thanks me. Yep, definitely a victory. Notes: Hope y'all enjoyed! The challenge from the last chapter still open! Whoever guesses my favorite part from TFA gets to send me 7 prompts which I turn into one shots which will get posted every day for a week! May the Force be with you! Chapter 9 : When they try to get to you, baby I'll be the fighter Summary: Prompt: Hi! Can you write this prompt where Rey is fighting the Knights of Ren, and right before they're able to overwhelm her, POW! Luke's new Padawan Finn helps save her? Notes: This is for Finn Skywalker, who commented this 9 days ago on Chapter 8. This was kind of a challenge because I've never written Padawan!Finn before, but it was so fun to write!! I promise I'll update my other fics soon, but my life has been (barely) controlled chaos. Anyways, I hope y'all enjoy this chapter! I don't own Star wars, Disney does. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Finn Pov: I'm training with Luke while Rey is on a mission to Hoth. Apparently Hoth is the planet The First Order is scouting for a new base. I am snapped back to reality as Master Luke and I's practice lightsabers clash. Almost too close a call. Focus! You'd know if Rey was hurt. Luke turns his saber off, saying, "You're clearly worried about Rey. I'll call it off training early today." I nod and turn my saber off. It is at this moment, I feel in the Force that Rey is becoming increasingly distressed. One thing is clear: I need to go after her. Rey pov: I continue to fight the Knights off, but there are too many of them. I come to a caveat, realizing that one of three things is going to happen: I'll be captured I'll be killed By some miracle, I'll get some backup. But #3 is probably not happening. But still, knowing the risks, I continue to fight. And just before a Knight of Ren is able to overwhelm me and strike the final blow, I feel a familiar Force presence. Is number 3 actually happening?!?!?! And lo and behold, here comes Finn, my saving grace, and we fight them off together, until one mishap. While Finn was able to mortally wound Orro Ren, the Knight managed to get one hit in on my leg, breaking my femur. Just like back on Jakku. I scream, the searing pain tearing the sound out of my throat. "Rey? Oh Bantha fodder, we need to get you to Naboo, back to the resistance base." Finn taps a comm and says, "We're ready Poe. Get us out of here." "On my way. Meet you in minus five." Poe says. Now we wait. ~~~~~~This 5 minute time skip is brought to you by The Resistance. Also, Finn pov~~~~~~~~ Poe helps us into his ship, and he says, "We're gonna go back for the Falcon , but as of right now, we need to get Rey some medical attention!" I nod and take Rey to the medbay of the ship. Poe puts his ship into autopilot, with coordinates to the location of the Falcon. I whisper to Rey, "When they try to get to you, baby I'll be the fighter." Notes: I hope y'all enjoyed this, and let me know if you want a part two. The title and ending line are from "The Fighter" by Keith urban ft. Carrie Underwood.