Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The Force is what gives a Jedi his or her power. It's an energy field created by all living things. It surrounds us and penetrates us. It binds the galaxy together. Misty breaths filled the air as a young woman closed her eyes, dark hair falling in front of her hair as she moved slowly and deliberately. The moves had a rhythm to them, a clear calmness coming over her petite frame. That tranquility soon ended though as soft footsteps caused her to pause, her dark eyes opening and a soft smile spreading across her lips. “Are you kidding me? I still can’t sneak up on you?” Laughter erupted from the petite girl as she turned around, scrunching up her nose while pointing out to the newcomer, “Well, Raid, I am older than you and besides, you chose an awful place to walk over.” “Right. Sure. I’ll keep that in the mind for the next time I decide to sneak up on you when you’re boring and doing yoga late at night. Seriously, who does yoga in front of a sunset, Cacia?” Acacia laughed, her brown eyes twinkling as she gently teased, “Apparently I do. And what about you? You sneaking off to hang out with Ben? You better not let Master Luke catch you doing that.” Instantly the younger girl rolled her eyes while groaning, her green grey eyes narrowing while she grumbled, “Yeah, yeah, I know. Everything fun leads to the Dark Side.” A tense silence filled the air and Acacia frowned before moving closer, placing a hand gently on Raidea’s arm before whispering, “You know I’m on your side, Raid, and you know I have no problem with you and Ben being friends. I even think it’s good for both of you, but we all have responsibilities here and tomorrow is an important day of training.” “Don’t worry, I’ll get enough sleep before my tests tomorrow.” Shaking her head, Acacia watched as Raidea slipped through the trees, the light from the setting suns making everything seem wild and almost violent. Grabbing her bag, Acacia then headed back down the path toward the living quarters, only pausing when she saw a familiar face sitting on a bench. “Come closer, my child.” Dutifully moving over and sitting near her mentor, Acacia followed Master Luke’s gaze as he stared at the flowers blooming around them. There was a sweetness in the air and a stillness. She was used to sometimes Luke calling one of them over to just sit with him in contemplation. One time she’d asked him about it though, and he’d reminded her that sometimes it was best to just let things be and sometimes pushing could set things off balance. Balance was Master Luke’s favorite word. “You know what tomorrow is, yes?” Nodding, Acacia smoothed her hands along her tunic, wondering if this was a test as she admitted, “It’s an important day of tradition and honor. It’s the first day of a week when important elders and teachers, including yourself, come together to witness where we all are in our various stages of training. The eldest of us have a chance to prove ourselves ready to continue our training on our own.” “Very good, and how do you feel you’re doing in your training?” That question startled the teen, but she kept herself calm, contemplating the question for a moment before finally answering with great caution, “I’m proud of the progress I’ve made here, and there are things that I know I can do well.” “But?” Smoothing her hands along her tunic again, she took a deep breath before admitting, “I know that I’m nowhere near mastering any of it. I know that there’s still so much I can learn from both you and my fellow padawans here at the academy. I know that pretty much I’ll always still be learning and training. I may never be truly ready for the test. I’m not afraid or anything like that, but I do know my worth and I know where I am in my training.” “And all those reasons are why I’m recommending that you be given a chance to prove yourself early.” Staring over at Master Luke in stunned silence, Acacia stared in wonder as the man stood up and glanced up at the stars before speaking, almost to himself, “I’ve told all of you over and over about the things that lead to the Dark Side, haven’t I?” Luke didn’t seem to really want an answer to that question, so Acacia waited carefully, surprised when he then sighed, “But I’ve never told you all what we really look for in our jedis, what I look for in you younglings.” “Which is?” Cacia’s voice seemed to snap Luke out of his trance and she watched as he sat next to her again before admitting, “We want our padawans to see everything in their life as a process, to see everything as a learning experience and to understand that there is no end to training. You’ve already figured that out. The fact that you know this and have accepted that with grace and dignity, the fact that you’re humble enough to seek more guidance from us, possibly with no end, shows that you are ready to go on your own.” “Thank you, Master Luke.” The man chuckled and squeezed her hand before standing up and nodding toward the dormitories, “Don’t thank me just yet. Go get some rest. You have a big week ahead of you.” Nodding, Acacia kept her face passive, only letting a grin split from ear to ear as she turned around and forced herself to walk back to the sleeping quarters. Jedis were supposed to be in control of their emotions, even the positive ones, and so bouncing around for joy wasn’t exactly the best response in that situation. Especially not if the greatest Jedi alive had just told you that he believes in you. As Acacia entered the small room to start her nightly routines, she knew that there were a lot of things, especially control of emotions and attachments, that she still needed to work on before she could ever truly be a Jedi Knight. She almost had the control over emotions down, but the attachments were hard. She cared about all of her fellow padawans, especially Ben and Raidea. Still, despite the twisting in her stomach, she was certain she could at least hide those feelings. Deep down though, she knew her attachment to Luke Skywalker was one that was going to cause her problems. It was a perfectly normal reaction though. Acacia had been born not that long before the battle of Endor (about a year) and her parents had been living hard lives. They’d been living on some small planet that was firmly under the thumb of stormtroopers, and all Cacia could remember from those days was a gnawing hunger, despite the lush vegetation, and an unshakeable fear that never seemed to go away. She’d only stayed there until she was around five and her parents noticed she was force sensitive. She barely remembered her parents, their faces and names having gone missing from her memory over the years, but she did remember them deciding that they couldn’t handle a child, not even in the new republic, and so they’d sent her away. It’d been for her own good, but it had felt like abandonment. Luke Skywalker had stepped in though, taking her under his wing and making her one of the first students he had in his new training academy for Jedis. Luke had become the only parent she’d ever really known. This fact meant that there was a tiny part of Acacia that wasn’t certain if she was ready to continue the training on her own, because that meant potentially leaving the only real home she’d ever known. It meant venturing out into the universe and practically freefalling through it with no net. It meant leaving behind everything she held dear. She just wasn’t sure if she was ready. The sky outside meanwhile had sunk into an inky darkness, the stars and the moon the only real light in the area. Still, despite this, two teens found their way toward each other with no difficulty at all. The pair had, after all, been meeting up at that spot for weeks, always keeping close and always hiding little knick knacks for the other when the meetings weren’t possible for whatever reason. This time was different though. There was a shift in the air, and they’d both felt it, especially due to the restlessness of the tall, teenage boy who waited for the girl’s arrival. Raidea understood Ben very well, and even she wasn’t entirely certain for why her longest and dearest companion shook with nerves. Sitting next to him, Raidea took a deep breath before glancing up at the sky, her brow furrowing as she sat in contemplation. “It’s almost time.” Glancing over at Ben in confusion, Raidea watched as the dark hair fell in front of the boy’s angular face, his lips drawn tightly and his eyes dark. “Almost time for what?” The words had come out as a whisper, but she felt like she’d shouted them with the way the boy had stiffened up. There were a few pauses, but then Ben sighed before standing up, walking forward and staring up at the sky, looking more serious than Raidea had ever seen him look before. “Raid, how many times have we talked about the force?” Rolling her eyes, the girl scoffed before admitting, “Really, Ben? I think a shorter answer would be how many times have we not talked about the force or had a conversation go back to the force in some way.” Silence was the only reply to her comment, and instantly Raidea knew that this wasn’t their usual conversation. This was serious, and she wasn’t sure what to do with that. “Do you think the Light side is really where you belong?” Standing up, Raidea took a careful step forward, standing next to her best friend before admitting, “Honestly, I don’t know anymore. You know me, Ben. You know what those evaluations are going to say tomorrow. They’re going to say that I’m too passionate, that I’m too pigheaded, and that I don’t follow orders well. At this rate I’ll never be anything other than Master Luke’s padawan.” “And do you think that’s fair?” Frowning, Raidea sighed and mumbled, “You know I don’t.” Long fingers gently tilted Raidea’s head up and she smiled softly when she found herself staring into Ben’s dark eyes. The teen looked determined, and she felt a familiar, if slightly annoying, ripple of goosebumps down her arms as he spoke firmly, “If it was up to me, neither of us would be padawans anymore. Neither of us deserve that, but you especially don’t. Luke may not see it, but this power? This power is our destiny . It’s our birthright and he can’t take that away from us! No one can .” Nodding, Raidea closed her eyes, inhaling deeply as Ben’s hand slid up, his palm resting on her cheek and his fingertips brushing against the soft hair on her temples. For a moment or two they just stood there, Raid with her head bowed slightly and Ben gently playing with the wisps of hair that had fallen out of her standard hairdo. This wasn’t the first time that they’d ended up in this position, but it never ceased to send her pulse up a few notches. “I need you on my side with what’s coming, Raid.” Opening her eyes and frowning, Raid watched Ben pull away before walking off, turning his back on her and staring up at the skies. His body had tensed up, and she knew that he just needed a moment or two to continue speaking. Years of being friends with the boy had insured that she knew every single one of his quirks and moods. She didn’t have to be told exactly what to do. She just knew. “Everything is going to change soon. By the end of the week, the entire world is going to change. Hopefully you’ll be by my side to see those changes.” Moving forward, Raidea gently laced her fingers with Ben’s, squeezing his hand before whispering, “There’s nothing in the universe that could stop me from standing by your side.” Notes: In case anyone was curious, Raidea looks like Barbara Ferreira and Acacia looks like Naomi Scott . Chapter 2 Notes: I honestly don't know anything about the intricacies of how Jedi are trained, nor do I know how they go from being padawans to Jedi Knights to Jedi masters. Therefore, I took liberties. A lot of liberties. Hopefully that isn't too obnoxious. “Is it true?” Glancing up while she left her sleeping quarters, Acacia carefully finished putting up her hair before replying carefully, “Is what true?” The boy and girl standing in front of Acacia both scoffed, which Acacia wasn’t really surprised by. Raidea had always been sarcastic and a little bit impatient, but definitely not as much as her best friend, and perpetual partner in crime, Ben Solo. Ben always seemed to be in a hurry, ready to surpass all of his fellow padawans at a breakneck speed, but Acacia understood why. After all, unlike the rest of the students under Master Luke, Ben came from a family filled with those that were force sensitive. Master Luke was even the teen’s uncle. Still, bloodline wasn’t the only reason Ben had to brag. The teen mastered aspects of the force faster than almost anyone else with only two notable exceptions: Raidea and Acacia. “You know exactly what we’re talking about, Orkelt. Did my uncle say you could be tested early? Are you going to be a Jedi Knight soon?” Adjusting the holster that held her lightsaber securely, Acacia shrugged and admitted, “I have been approved for early testing, but that’s no guarantee that the elders will bestow the honor of Jedi Knight upon me at this point.” A bitter, angry laugh erupted from Ben and Acacia’s eyes widened when he snapped, “You can save the sanctimonious garbage. We all know you’re Luke’s pet .” “ Master Luke doesn’t play favorites, and no matter how you’re feeling right now, Ben, he still deserves your respect.” The teen narrowed his eyes and muttered something before then storming off while Acacia eyed Raidea carefully, “He seems angrier than usual. Did something happen?” “He’s fine. Focus on your testing, Acacia.” Frowning at the evasive, but firm, reply from the younger girl, Acacia watched as Raidea then turned and followed after Ben. Watching the two go off, Acacia shook her head and headed off to where the youngest padawans were doing their morning meditations. Leaning against one of the pillars around the place, she smiled as she watched children sitting around, trying not to squirm as they sat with their eyes closed. The meditation was being led that morning by a little girl. Acacia felt bad, but all she knew about the younger girl was that she was eleven. After a few moments though, Acacia felt an odd stirring in the force itself. It was a sensation that she’d never felt before. The only way she could describe it was that feeling she got right before something valuable fell and then shattered against cold tile. Heading off, Acacia smiled softly at the fellow students that she passed, but made a beeline for the temple where Master Luke spent most of his time. Quickly heading up the stairs of the temple, she took a deep breath before she headed inside and past other groups of students meditating. At the very top of the temple was a small alcove. Almost no one ever went there and for good reason. During the day, all the heat went in there and left it absolutely sweltering, while during the night it didn’t seem to be able to keep heat whatsoever. Master Luke went there every chance he got. “What’s troubling you, my child?” Luke had spoken up as soon as she’d reached the room, hadn’t even turned around, but she kept going. Reaching his side within moments, she quickly sat next to him, forcing herself to take deep breaths before she decided to just speak her mind. “There’s been a change in the force, Master. Something is coming, something bigger than I’ve ever felt in all our training. I…” “You what?” Swallowing hard, Acacia closed her eyes and took another deep breath before admitting, “I fear that it may overwhelm the padawans here. I fear the oncoming storm.” “I have felt the change too, Cacia. Something in the universe is shifting, but you must not let the fear control you or guide you. Trust in your training and your fellow padawans. We will weather this storm.” Nodding, Acacia murmured her gratitude before getting up, bowing slightly as she headed out. She paused in the doorway though as Luke spoke up, “May the force be with you, my child.” “And also with you.” Heading back out of the temple, Acacia forced herself to take deep breaths, to clear her mind and to focus on the techniques that Luke had taught her. Her teacher was right. She needed to trust in what she’d learned and the people around her. Even if something bad was coming, surely it was something that they’d all be able to handle together. Besides, it was something to focus on as it came. Worrying about what was still yet to come did nothing but cause problems. Besides, she had her greatest tests yet to focus on. Straightening her back, Acacia took a deep, steadying breath before heading toward the area where she’d be tested that evening. She’d been to the grounds many times before, but it’d never had this much weight to it in previous times. It’d always clearly been just a way to test where she was at, not try and figure out if it was time for her to leave. That in itself made a huge difference to her. The first test was always how the padawans of a certain age range worked together. Usually she wasn’t worried about this aspect of the testing whatsoever, but this time she was. A scoff interrupted her thoughts momentarily, and she forced herself not to sigh when the very reason she was worried about this test strode past her, his dark eyes flashing angrily. Ben Solo’s anger over her admission that she was being tested in this way hadn’t fully been stated by the young man really, but Acacia felt it none the less. The boy’s anger and frustration were bound to cause her trouble in the test itself. After all, if she was chosen to ‘lead’ in this test, it would still be up to her to get everything in line. Sitting carefully on her knees, ignoring the light amounts of dust that clung to the fabric, forcing herself to meditate while waiting for the test to begin. “You going to just sit there or are we going to do this?” Ben Solo hadn’t intended for his words to sound so much like a growl, although he hadn’t intended them to sound friendly either, as he’d approached the older teen. Part of him knew that Acacia deserved to be moved up to the position of Jedi Knight. After all, he wasn’t stupid. If anyone in their group had the ability to see talent, it was him, but to get this opportunity before him ? This was his birthright . It was in his blood and no nobody orphan was going to take that from him. The fact that she was just so insufferably calm about the whole thing just made it all the worse. Why wasn’t this infuriating her like it was infuriating him? Even at that moment, Acacia just calmly stood up and smiled softly at him before speaking up, her voice confident, “ We are definitely going to do this.” Scowling at the older teen, Ben followed as she headed toward the area, quickly diverting off and standing near Raidea while Acacia stood at the front, closest to Luke. Gritting his teeth as Luke smiled at the girl, Ben crossed his arms and let himself glance over at Raid as one of her hands rested on his arm and gently squeezed. Relaxing slightly, he took a deep breath while listening to the old man tell them all the instructions. Ben already knew what they had to do. An obstacle course with challenges, mostly pointless training droids, were what the team had to get through together. Because Acacia was the one truly being tested, it would be up to her to assign who went where and to keep it all together to see how she did specifically with teamwork . Ben was determined to do whatever he wanted though. “You all heard Master Luke. This is a test for all of us and we all are on this journey together. This is not about any individual and the only way we’ll succeed is if we work as a cohesive unit. That being said, I have been given the task of delegating responsibilities, which is something I do not take lightly. Before I do so, please understand that all of you are very capable, and every single one of you would do wonderfully at all the jobs, but I have to still make a decision. “There will be three groups. One group will go ahead and be the first to take on the training droids. The second group will be watching the sides and taking care of obstacles and the last group will be watching our backs. I will be primarily in the middle, keeping an eye on obstacles and keeping things from the sides. Ben will lead the team tackling the droids head on and on his team will be Raidea—” Ben gaped, unable to hear the rest of the speech after Acacia had said that. After all, as much as he hated to it admit it, she’d given the exact same call that he would have. Acacia was good with a lightsaber, but apparently even she knew that her real gifts were within the realm of a force user. He himself was a far cry above her when it came to lightsaber combat. Putting Raidea on his team was also smart, but that part was expected. The rest of the choices were honestly unimportant to him. Most of them were barely talented enough to be padawans, barely deserving of the training they were getting in the first place. Still, he tolerated them, grateful that most of the people put on ‘his’ portion of the test weren’t completely useless. “So what’s your plan?” Glancing over, the corner of his mouth twitching up at Raid’s question, Ben nodded forward and admitted quietly, “You and I take care of the droids. If the others keep up then they keep up, but we’re not going to waste our time coddling them. Understand?” Raidea nodded and Ben strode forward, the people on his team standing near him as they took their positions. Ben made sure he was at the very front of the group, Raidea not that far behind. Closing his eyes and taking a deep breath, he pulled out his lightsaber, clutching it tightly, but never forgetting where his true power lay. Once the signal to start the mission, Ben shared a glance with Raid before he immediately started forward. Without thinking, his lightsaber became extended, the green light illuminating his face as he raced off. It was easy for both him and Raid, really the only teammate he was paying attention to, to get over the obstacles and head for the droids. The droids had been set to mildly annoy, basically, their shots entirely non-lethal. Still, all of them were to pretend that they were lethal, to act accordingly and keep each other safe. Before most of the things could get off a shot, Ben and Raid had taken most of them out, destroying them with quick slashing moments. Some of them Ben just flat out crushed with the force. The entire time, Ben could barely hear anything other than the pulsing of his own blood, the racing of his own heart, and the breath coming in and out of his lungs. He could feel the force all around him, manipulated it to his will and let it fill him with strength and power . He was barely paying attention to anything other than his single minded mission, taking care of everything until finally the noise signaling that the test was over broke through everything. Twisting the lightsaber, Ben turned it off while panting, struggling to calm himself. “You were amazing out there.” Instantly the world cleared up and Ben felt the corner of his lips turn up as he turned toward Raid. She was smiling, and he wrapped an arm around her shoulders, heading back toward the sleeping quarters. Individual testing would begin the next day and then after that the final decisions and analysis would be given by Master Luke as well as by some of the elders in the community. Lor San Tekka was also involved in the discussions and Ben had to stop himself from sneering at that. The man wasn’t even a real jedi. “Both of you did a really good job today.” “You’re not a Jedi Knight yet, Orkelt.” The words had come out before Ben could stop them, his annoyance clear. Raidea squeezed his side with her hand though, but he just turned around and stared at Acacia as she kept her face passive. He still had no idea how she did that, kept calm and collected throughout everything. It pissed him off though. “I apologize if I offended or caused dishonor in some—” “Give it a rest already. Luke isn’t here to see you kiss up and you already passed the test.” Still that girl’s expression didn’t change so Ben scoffed before heading off, his arm tighter around Raid’s shoulder while his other was clenched into a fist at his side. Instead of responding though, Acacia merely murmured ‘may the force be with you’ and then walked away. Shaking his head as he watched her retreating figure, her body and her breathing never going unsteady, Ben cursed under his breath. He really couldn’t stand that woman. The anger only got worse though when he saw her pause in the distance, Luke standing next to her, his hand resting on her shoulder and a smile on his face. “You’ll get your turn, Ben. All the elders have seen how amazing you are. Acacia’s in the spotlight right now because she’s older.” “I’m the better Jedi though. I’m better with a lightsaber and I’m just as good as her with the force.” “I know you are, but Ben…” “What?” “You know Master Luke isn’t looking for just that.” Gritting his teeth, Ben pulled his arm away from Raidea while he stormed off. He knew she was right, but one day he was going to show Luke just how wrong he was about him. He was going to show them all. Chapter 3 Thunder rumbled in the distance as Acacia pulled her legs up to her chest. She was curled up in a small alcove in the living quarters, staring outside at the sky as dark clouds rolled in. A literal storm had come through, sending Acacia’s stomach in knots. She’d known these storms were coming for ages though. After all, this was the time of year when their little area of the galaxy became very dangerous indeed. The rain that came off and on was bad enough, but the lightning storms could turn deadly very quickly. None of the padawans were ever in danger though. Master Luke made sure of that. Acacia still felt a twinge of fear though, and she remembered the first time she’d ever seen them. She’d been a child at the time and they’d terrified There’d been nothing like them on her home planet and she’d wept and screamed . She remembered clenching her hands over her ears while trying to just will the storm away. She still remembered all that pain and anxiety immediately slipping away though as Master Luke had gently grabbed her hands and pulled her into his arms. He’d held her, calmed her down, and then softly told her all about the storms. It was the first time in a long time she’d felt truly cared for. “You know that Ben didn’t really mean what he said the other day, right?” “That’s very nice of you to say, Raid, but I’m pretty sure he did mean it. It’s okay though; I’ve already made peace with the fact that Ben will never like me.” A groan filled the room and Acacia smiled as the girl moved over and sat near her, a frown on her face as she pushed dark hair out of her face. Green eyes so light that they were practically gray narrowed and Acacia sighed, having to refrain from rolling her own eyes while her friend looked ready to fight. “Fine. Okay, so he doesn’t like you. It’s only because you’re as good as you are though. If you weren’t one of the best padawans here, he probably would like you.” Laughing at that, Acacia nudged the other girl with her foot while teasing, “Oh, he’s just fine with hanging out with one of the best padawans here as long as he’s absolutely hopeless about them.” Grinning wider as the girl’s cheeks tinged, Acacia quickly became serious and spoke up before the girl could protest, “I haven’t told anyone. You two have got to chill out with your late night meetings though if you don’t want people to figure out that you’re dating though. People aren’t dumb.” “Aren’t you going to tell Luke?” “ Master Luke, and no, I’m not. At some point you two will need to talk to him about it, but that is your If I think it’s going to cause problems for the rest of the people here then, yes, but I’m not sure how that would work. All I ask is that you be careful.” “Fine, fine. Whatever. Just, no ‘I told you so’ comments no matter what. Besides, I’d rather talk about something more interesting, like how you obviously passed the first two exams with flying colors and are well on your way to becoming a Jedi Knight.” Scrunching up her nose, Acacia groaned when Raidea nudged her. Shaking her head, Acacia admitted, “Teamwork one went decently, although I did notice a few places I could improve as a leader. I am very confident on the individual test with the force I did today, but that one hasn’t been an issue for years. I even demonstrated some of my force healing abilities. It’s just…” “What?” Leaning her head against the wall, Acacia frowned as she considered her words carefully before speaking, “Tomorrow I’m tested on my individual combat ability with a lightsaber. I love my lightsaber and there are times when I feel like it’s more a part of me than a weapon, but still…something about hand to hand combat has never been my forte. I’m good at it, but I’ve never been able to put my heart into it like you have been. I’m worried that being ‘pretty good’ with it won’t be enough.” “My advice is to just picture someone you really, really can’t stand and then go for it.” Arching an eyebrow at Raidea, Acacia felt her cheeks heating up as she admitted, “I don’t feel that way about anyone.” Instantly shock and annoyance filled the younger girl’s face and Acacia covered her own face, peeking through her fingers while the green eyed girl snapped, “Oh, c’mon. You’ve never hated someone before? How ? What about that one young senator that thought it was cute to say girls are too ‘delicate’ to be Jedis? I personally picture his face every single time I train. He has gotten his ass kicked a lot in my mind.” Laughing, Acacia shrugged and admitted, “Okay, so, that guy really annoyed me at the time, although I’d honestly forgotten about him, but he clearly didn’t know what he was talking about. And Master Luke immediately put him in his place enough so that the guy did apologize later to all of us.” “So, that’s just it? That’s it for you? Forgive and forget?” “Pretty much.” “Gross. How do you live like that?” Letting herself roll her eyes this time, Acacia laughed and teased her friend, “It’s kind of what we’re supposed to do, Raid. It’s what we’re being trained to do. We let things go. We have all the power of the force by our side and—” “Without proper focus and training we’ll go to the dark side and be forever doomed to a monochromatic wardrobe. I know. I’ve read the pamphlet and gotten a commemorative plaque and everything.” “Raidea Mox!” “You’re right. ‘Doomed’ is the wrong word. I look great in all black.” “That’s really not why I said your name like that.” “I know. I just don’t care.” Grinning and shaking her head, Acacia sighed before whispering, “Ah, Raid, what are we going to do with you?” Eyes twinkling mischievously, Raid moved closer, Acacia leaned her head against the wall while the girl whispered, “We could team up and take over this place. You bring the actual dedication and I’ll bring the fun. We’ll both bring the skill. Ben will bring his skill, style, and good looks. Hey, I’m even willing to bend on wardrobe since I happen to look good in pretty much every color in existence.” “That you do, but you’re still missing my point.” “Ugh. Honestly, Acacia, you’re almost as bad as Luke with the way you somehow manage to be super obvious while actually not saying anything at all. I got your point, okay? I know you take all of this seriously and I’m happy for you. I really am. I know you love everything about this and you know I’m rooting for you. There’s almost no one else in this entire universe that I think deserves to be a Jedi Knight more than you. You’ve earned this, so just calm down, okay? Relax. I know you absolutely suck at that, but just try , for me? Okay?” Stretching slightly and tucking her dark hair behind her ears, Acacia nodded, pressing her mouth against her arms as she wrapped them around her legs. She knew Raidea was right about her needing to relax, but she still wasn’t sure she’d earned the right to be called a Jedi Knight. Glancing out again at the storm, she cringed as she once again felt the disturbance in the force. It felt as violent and tumultuous as the actual storm outside. “Be careful.” Raidea paused as she played with the stray fibers on her clothing while talking toward the door. Acacia had been silent for a while, staring out at the storm with a frown on her face. She’d practically been able to feel Cacia’s tension. It was palpable and frightening. Something was really bothering the older girl, and while Raid was used to seeing her friend nervous , but never terrified . “I’ll be fine, Cacia. It’s just a short walk over to him and we’re inside toni—” “I’m not talking about that.” “Then what are you talking about?” Raidea honestly hated riddles, especially from Luke and Acacia. Acacia had picked up the habit from their mentor, and Raid loved them both, but it was frustrating. She just wanted them to tell her what they meant so she could decide whether to ignore it or not. Acacia was one she usually didn’t ignore. Luke was frequently a toss-up. “There’s something coming. Master Luke says that we’ll be fine and that we’ll get through it. I believe him, but this is something that will change everything, Raidea. I can feel it in my bones. And it’s close, closer than I’d like, so I just want you to be careful. I feel like this is going to take all of us working together to get through.” Frowning, Raid nodded and murmured that she understood before heading out of the place. Ominous warnings weren’t the jedi's style. Raidea had felt something changing in the force as well though, but it hadn’t felt that ominous to her. Change wasn’t something Raidea Mox ever ran from or feared. No, change was something she ran toward. Still, Acacia’s feelings weren’t to be ignored, especially on something this big. Keeping a close eye on the storm as she walked outside, Raidea wrapped her arms around herself, frowning as it seemed to get closer as she moved. Her legs moved a little quicker, and she headed toward one of the buildings. The building housed most of the actual technology on the premises, which meant that usually it was busy, but during storms it was not. After all, using comms in a storm like the one they were having meant awful conversations unless both sides had the best. “He chose the girl over me, Master.” “That is unacceptable. You know our plans. You know what will happen if the girl is allowed to surpass you.” Pausing outside the entryway, Acacia frowned, confused as to who Ben was talking to in there and what plans the other person was talking about. “I understand, Master, but Luke…I fear he suspects something. I fear what his judgment will be at the end of these tests. Acacia is making things harder. She keeps getting in the way.” “The plan must be pushed forward then. Your destiny and your purpose are hanging in the balance, young Jedi Knight. You know what to do when the time comes. Will you have help when the time comes?” “Raidea Mox is the best candidate. After me, she’s the best of the padawans here. She also has no love for the republic. I’ve talked to her about this and she agrees that they are the problem, that things have gone downhill. I trust her.” Raidea forced herself to say silent after she heard that. It was true that they’d talked about it at length and that she wasn’t happy with the republic, but she still wasn’t sure why it was important or why Ben was telling someone about this. Still, she couldn’t help but beam a little bit at the compliments that Ben had paid her. “This is the girl you’ve mentioned before?” “Yes, Master. There’s only ever been her. There are some others here that could potentially help our cause, but none so much as she does. I …no, we need her. My destiny is still the same, Master, and I still believe in that. I’m still determined to see it through and live up to what is rightfully mine by birthright, but her destiny is to be a part of that.” “And so she shall be. Just make sure she’s ready when the time comes. Our plan must be a complete success. You must not fail me.” “I won’t, Master. Nothing will stand in our way.” “It better not.” “You can come in now, Raid.” Ben’s voice had broken through the silence, interrupting Raid’s attempt to process what all had just happened as soon as the conversation ended. Moving into the place slowly, she hugged herself tighter, the wind nipping at her and sending shivers down her spine. “So did you mean all of that or was that all for show?” Raidea wanted to believe that he’d been telling the truth, but she still didn’t know who Ben had even been talking to. Ben had been talking to someone and had been talking about her for she didn’t even know how long and so she didn’t know what to think. “Of course I meant it. Since when have I ever said anything for someone else’s benefit?” Shrugging, Raidea swallowed hard and admitted, “Never, but I don’t even know who you’re talking to, Ben. Since when do we keep things from each other? What’s this plan you’re talking about? Is something going to happen to Cacia? I mean, she’s uptight and more than a little bit ridiculous. We all know she hero worships Luke, but she’s not bad. We both know the real reason she clings to every word your uncle says is because she’s practically an orphan.” Ben nodded and Raidea sighed when he moved close, rubbing her arms before whispering, “I know, and I’m going to try my best to make sure that she’s okay. I also know I should have been honest with you from the start. Master Snoke is the one I’ve been talking to and he’s the one that has been really training me, okay? He’s the reason I’m as good as I am. He believes in us and he trusts us.” “What’s the plan, Ben? What are we doing soon?” A heavy silence fell between them, and Raidea’s eyes widened when Ben gently tilted her head up, moving closer while whispering, “We’re going to change the entire universe, Raid. You and me, we’ll be calling the shots from now on. I promise. You with me?” Part of her had doubts and definitely part of her had concerns, but Raid pushed those aside as she leaned up. She pushed the confusion out of the way and leaned up, pressing her lips to Ben’s. His arms wrapped around her and he kissed back, their kiss almost desperate. Raidea knew though that for better or for worse, she’d made her choice. She was choosing him over everything.