Act I: Escape From Bakura —K— Kylo feels the Force ignite his senses as he alights from the shuttle. Years of meditation, gruelling training exercises and deep space solo missions have ill-prepared him for a planet at war. He senses the First Order base as a ruthless, orderly war-machine in constant motion, driven by hundreds of military minds. Beyond the duracrete walls he can sense skirmishes waged in the distance like breaths against bare skin. Each life, whether Resistance fighter or Stormtrooper, gives Kylo a light brush of satisfaction as it is taken. The chaos is a welcome change, but it sits heavily on his mind, as if with every breath it draws nearer. As the shuttle doors close, Kylo takes in the rigid procession convened to greet him - the rows of troopers standing to rigid attention, the petty officers with arms raised in salute, the General himself standing at the head of the column, flanked by his senior officers. The knight sets his shoulders back and strides down the parade of uniformed bodies. He answers to Snoke - a being (certainly more than human) who holds unimaginable power over the Galaxy. He is not nervous. And yet, there is something about the man before him, with his back too straight and his hair too perfectly parted, that he finds unsettling. He should be agitated, nervous, sweaty, his heart-rate increased by the menacing glint from Kylo's mask. General Hux is the picture of professional detachment. In his pale gaze Kylo can see a glimmer of disdain. “Lord Kylo Ren.” His name sounds absurd in Hux's clipped accent. Kylo's title is borne from fear, pronounced with dread, but on Hux's tongue it falls flat and limp - impotent. “General.” So this is the man his Master has chosen? Hux steps forward. There is a smug up-lift to his mouth that makes Ren bare his teeth behind his mask. “Hux. Commander of the Finaliser and, for the time being, of Bakura Base.” Molten disgust pours into Kylo's mind as the General introduces himself. At first he assumes that the slick, unpleasant thoughts belong to Hux. But the Force turns Kylo's eyes to the officers behind him. “-Captain Phasma of the Finaliser, second in command,” Hux continues, “and Colonel Kessen of Bakura Base, third in command.” Phasma's mind is cool and almost inhumanly organised beneath her silver stormtrooper armour. Kessen's mind slides through Kylo's mental plain, molten hot and uncomfortably close. Kylo withdraws from the sensation and turns his attention to the General’s mind. He realises that Hux’s thoughts are eerily quiet, as though muffled through transparisteel. The knight can hear the feedback of every body in the hanger, but this man he cannot detect through the Force. Kylo would have probed further, were there not another sensation distracting him. As soon as he stepped from his spacecraft, Kylo had known something was wrong. Now there is a pounding in his head - deep, bloody, as though something within him is contracting and releasing. The pounding is getting louder. “There is a disturbance in the Force.” The line comes naturally to him, said in a thousand voices across time, by Sith and Jedi alike - rendered dark and threatening through his mask's voice-changer. The General's back stiffens. He has been interrupted. He does not appear impressed, Hux's lips thin into a sneer, and he looks Kylo up and down. “What invaluable insight Ren. Do get back to us when you have something more specific to officer. In the meantime, refrain from offering unsolicited advice. Now, I must return to main ops at once - our forward defences have been compromised by an advancing squadron of X-Wings, as I am sure you are aware.” Hux turns on his heel - but reconsiders, and whirls back to Kylo, his eyes flat and reflective under the artificial lights. “The Supreme Leader has informed me that you are here to carry out his will, Ren - and that you should be afforded every means to do so uninterrupted. But mark my words : You will not interfere with my command without the Supreme Leader's direct sanction. You have no power here.” He waves Kylo away dismissively. “Your quarters have been assigned. You had best go to them and avoid getting in my way .” Finally the General turns again and marches away, followed by his officers. The stormtroopers close rank behind them. Kylo focusses his anger and moves towards the source of his unease. Kylo's mind is on the opposite side of the base, even as he follows the procession towards main operations. There an intent that Kylo cannot place, a movement - perhaps a scuttling. It is shifting behind the walls. Kylo is barely aware of the path they take to the easternmost section of the base. Something itches against his skin. The General pauses at the entrance to main ops and waves dismissively. “Colonel Kessen, you are relieved.” He continues through to the command centre without glancing back. “General Hux.” a petty officer snaps to attention, and approaches Hux as he surveys the rows of monitors. Kylo remains at the back of the room. Through the foreword viewports there is sea and sky and open grass. The battle in the distance is barely a smear of smoke on the horizon, mingling with the sunset. “Our shields are down to fifty-three percent. We have sustained heavy damage to our main shield generator. Several At-Ats have been abandoned due to heavy damage. Our men will find better cover closer to the clearing - blue squadron is requesting a retreat to the south.” Hux nods in acknowledgement. Kylo stalks around the edge of the room to get a better view of his face, but it is no more expressive than his mind. “Send-” Hux begins, before he is interrupted by the grey-haired Colonel: “We must press our advantage in the south. We cannot afford to concede any more of the forest to Resistance forces. If we continue to cower in our-” “Commander Kessen.” Hux's face is impassive even in fury, but he has gone perfectly rigid. His voice cuts through the Colonel's blustering like steel through skin. “You have been dismissed. Remove yourself from forward command before Captain Phasma is forced to assist you. Your plans are, and ever will be, the workings of a subpar strategic mind, responsible for the vulnerability of one of our most important occupations in the sector. Due to your incompetence, the Supreme Leader has appointed me to-” “Bakura is my posting, General, and I have been commanding it longer than you have been tying your shoelaces,” Kessen rages, his voice becoming increasingly uncontrolled. Kylo's attention is far away, tearing through the thoughts of First Order personnel more and more frantically. There is something moving behind the walls, above their heads. Kylo knows that he has missed something vital that his Master would have recognised immediately. He has failed. Meanwhile, Hux squares off against his inferior officer. “Commanding is one term to use, Colonel, for your trail of incompetence. Do you believe it a coincidence that the Resistance chose to focus their attack on Bakura? Your incompetence is well-known, and it offends me,” Hux hisses at the red-faced Kessen. The Colonel is incapable of speech for several moments. Kylo’s mind is still frantically searching. He is close. Winding through corridors, walking in the body of a radar technician, then marching past beneath a stormtrooper's helmet. He can hear it. There is a deep echo from beneath the base, and from above. “I will not hear these insults from you, boy - kriff the Supreme Leader and the kriffing abominations that kiss his heels-” Phasma steps forward, reaching for her blaster. Kylo reacts as well, drawing his lightsaber to fend off an enemy that he knows he is already too late to stop. A deep, distant boom rocks the base. Dust spirals down from the ceiling. Kylo sees, finally - he rounds the corner in the mind of a petty officer, takes in the bodies scattered in the maintenance shaft, gets shot by a worn blaster rifle- “What was that?” General Hux demands frantically. “We've lost-” Kylo is in motion seconds before the world shatters around him in a wave that brings the ceiling of forward operations crashing down. Debris rains down on the knight's back as he throws himself out into the corridor. —H— —Going Backwards— The boy born Armitage Hux, junior, was wearing an old Academy uniform, the day he died. The First Order was born out of the death of the Empire, and into a scattering of planets along the edges of the Unknown Regions. Like choking vines growing over a crashed Star Destroyer, the officers moved deeper into unmapped Space, licking their wounds. Clinging to the structures on which their lives were founded, the last surviving teachers of the Empire's illustrious Academy stripped the clothes off their dead students' backs and thrust them on the young cadets, the ones who were too young to be sent to their deaths in the final, brutal battles against the New Republic. He was in his last years as a cadet back then : still a child. Hux remembers a sarcastic, vindictive boy rejected by his peers, scorned by his father, made cruel and fragile by his failures. He was never called ‘Hux’, never acknowledged as his father's son : that was an accolade he could never earn. Brendol Hux had a single purpose : to raise the First Order from the ashes of the Empire. His son was clearly not up to the task. At that time, the Order’s forces were meagre, and always on high-alert for X-Wing patrols. The Galaxy was settling, and its newer, more benevolent overlords were turning their attention to the weeds that still clung to the Unknown Regions. Their goal, as ever, was to wipe the last Imperial traces from the Galaxy. Armitage had been trailing behind his classmates, unpopular and unsociable, unable to lead or to follow. He had been sporting a brilliant black eye that he had failed to return in kind. When the warning sirens had sounded, Armitage had panicked. He had run after his classmates, everyone sprinting for the other end of the hall and cover. The flimsy walls around them had shuddered and cracked from the sound waves of the Rebellion ships as they thundered overhead. Armitage had not been fast enough : a disappointment to the end. The walls had come down on him. It had been over slowly, Hux remembers distinctly. Half-crushed by the weight of rubble, but still just alive in a pocket of air, Armitage shuddered and cried for help. He slipped in and out of consciousness, and when he was awake he whimpered, broken and distraught, calling out for his father. He bled out almost as slowly as he had suffocated. His mind had slowed and shut down in the darkness and the dust. Finally, when he had no more breath to scream, his body had been pulled free from the rubble. Hux has no memory of the rest : for all intents and purposes he was already gone. He had learnt afterwards that the Commandant had demanded his son be put under stasis, in a last attempt to save his life. Hux has no way of knowing if it is true, but later, when he wrapped his hands around the Commandant's throat, Brendol Hux senior told he that he had cried for his son. In death, his father had loved him. In response, Hux showed him no mercy. —Going Forwards— Hux is slammed to the ground and pinned by the ceiling. For precious minutes the weight of duracrete is all he can sense before the screams and the sirens and the heat filter through. The world outside is hot and frantic, but curled over beneath the debris, Hux is no longer a General : he is not even a grown man. He is a child, thin and pale and sensitive : the boy with his mother's red hair who never recovered from her death. He gasps in shock, involuntarily, because in this moment he is trapped in the memory of suffocation, pulling air uselessly into his body. He is crushed by rubble, screaming for his father, slowly suffocating as he uses up his last breath of air. A trickle of blood between his shoulder blades brings Hux back to himself. When he flexes his fingers he realises that he is dripping with it. There is a body strewn over him, bloated and bloody. It has protected him from the impact. {{ internal systems at maximum capacity }} he notes grimly, as he carefully pushes upwards. The crushing weight above him shifts slightly. {{ update from col. kaplan : rebel attack : repeat : rebel attack }} Hux dismisses the useless information as he heaves with all his might, to no avail. Suddenly the pressure is relieved, and Hux has space to roll out from under the corpse and onto his back. His arm gives a horrific wrench as he pulls it free. The General looks up, to where the ceiling of Main Ops had been only moments before. He can see through both stories of the base to the sky above, streaked with sunset, and smoke, and the cat-and-mouse trails of TIE-Fighters chasing X-Wings. Cables and wires hang down like vines, sparking electrical fires that have begun to engulf the room. When Hux twists his neck, he can see the fire reflect off a pair of gleaming trooper’s greaves. “Captain.” Phasma has no time for permission. She reaches down and hefts him to his feet. Hux braces himself against her pockmarked armour. “Get to the Finaliser.” Hux knows she will hear him even within the chaos. Phasma knows the protocols every bit as well as he. As soon as Hux releases his hold on her, she turns and marches away. Hux turns his attention to his own state. It is only now that he realises his left arm is hanging at his side uselessly. {{ structural integrity compromised : supply cut off to left scapula }} Hux grits his teeth and silences the sirens in his head : all but a single imperative : {{ initiate escape protocols }} The General reaches for the pistol at his belt : awkwardly with his right hand across his body. When he pulls it out, he finds it is crushed, unusable. He throws it away in disgust and turns to the bloody corpse by his feet. When Hux crouches and relieves the body of its officer's pistol, he recognises Kessen’s pulped face and glazed eyes. The Resistance saved me a bullet : he thinks cruelly as he turns away. Hux moves through the fire and into the scorched hallways. He has no adrenaline to suppress the pain of his injuries, but he has something altogether more effective. {{ block auxiliary pain receptors : get to the hanger }} As Hux moves further away from the chaos of Main Ops, his back straightens and his strides lengthen. Dazed officers and stormtroopers blown away from their units scatter the corridors, and they pick out Hux's uniform as he passes. They gather behind the General, as if his red hair and his black lapels are a rescue beacon calling them in. When Hux hears shouting in the distance he lifts his pistol high, and he senses that behind him his troops have shuffled into formation with the kind of obedience that only the First Order can achieve. Hux advances with a grim smile as ahead the scent of blaster fire and the sound of chaos grow strong. Hux takes great pleasuring in rounding the corner and dispatching a Resistance fighter with a single shot. The General aims again and fires with ruthless efficiency, barely concerned by the returned fire. His black officer's coat is heavy with blood and his arm swings wildly by his side. Hux whirls and searches for another target, then another. He strides up to a Resistance fighter with their back to him and dispatches them with a lethal blow to the back of the skull using his pistol. The soldier falls to the ground, revealing Kylo Ren before him, red saber raised in defence of an attack that never comes. The creature's black mask reflects the electrical fire behind him, and for a moment Hux is sure that their eyes are locked. Then the General turns and shoots another infiltrator. When Ren turns away and continues down the corridor, Hux follows. There is no time to be wary of Snoke’s apprentice. Their minds are bent towards the same purpose : escape. Hux's collection of officers and troopers trail them both, providing cover fire. Resistance fighters fall with disturbing efficiency before their combined assault. Ahead of the General, Ren deflects another attack, throwing a body into a wall with a flick of his wrist. Then an access panel blows up in the knight's path, putting him momentarily on the defensive. Snoke's creature cuts the first man down with his infernal saber. The fight is a mess of severed limbs and plasma. Before Hux can join the fray, another panel erupts beside him, blowing him backwards. A youth in a Resistance uniform is on him instantly. The General is backed against the metal wall, a blaster aimed at his head. But Hux's hands are steel-strong and his grip breaks the fragile finger bones that inch towards the trigger. The boy glares at him with righteous hatred and manages to shoot, setting off a warning siren through the General's mind. {{ right ear compromised }} The smell of burnt hair, smoke and blood are intoxicating. Gritting his teeth, Hux kicks the feet from under his opponent and shoots him at point-blank range with his own weapon. He throws away the shoddy blaster and, retrieving his own pistol, takes out another invading body. When Hux turns back towards escape, Ren has already moved off without a glance back, his cloak billowing behind him. The General smooths down his hair, surreptitiously checking for damage to his steel cranium. A singed ear, nothing more. He marches after the knight. * Ren pounds onto the gantry overlooking the hanger, and Hux’s boots click on the metal walkway as he follows. Below, scores of personnel are trying to maintain some semblance of order in their panic, as they hurry aboard an array of ships. Thirty or more vessels are still on the ground. Behind them, there is a harsh burst of blaster fire and a band of Resistance fighters thunder into view, scattering the General's troops. Hux spins wildly, raising his weapon. Suddenly, the floor buckles. Ren grabs a fistful of Hux's black coat, his other gloved hand finding the railing. Around them, and explosion detonates into a powerful fireball that takes the hanger with it. The ships are swallowed in flames; the gantry groans and tilts drunkenly sideways. Hux's pistol slips from his grip and it is lost to the fire. He turns, reaching blindly for the railing. The metal is molten hot to the touch but Hux is in a different kind of agony as a Resistance shot hits the triangle above his left hip : where he is most vulnerable. {{ warning : data corruption : war// }} Hux watches blurrily as Ren's saber rolls to the edge of the platform, before it is stopped by an unseen force. There is fire in his mind. Ren releases the General, retrieves his weapon, and runs the length of the gantry as it begins to collapse into the fire. Hux finds the will to follow, clutching his side in acute pain. Their trail of officers has caught fire and smoulders behind them. Ren leaps from the gantry, landing on two feet gracefully, and he fights through the flames to stable ground. Hux shuts off his body's warnings and takes a running jump from the meshed steel as it falls away beneath him. The General lands with a crack on his numbed arm. His scream of agony is drawn from his throat and lost to the flames. It is so hot that he feels as if his synthetic skin is melting. The only cool point on his body is the injury to his side, from which clear liquid leaks and drips with the Colonels blood. Hux shudders and crawls shakily to his feet. There is no creature that enjoys its own destruction, and Hux is much the same : his body cries out to its occupant, leaving him with the sick nausea of corrupted circuits. Hux blinks twice, resetting his optics, and focusses on his single imperative : escape. He searches the smoke for Ren. Half of the hanger has caved into the service floors below, leaving a gaping maw of flames behind it. The blast doors have sealed, blocking them from the planet of Bakura. Ren strides to the doors and stretches out his hands dramatically. They shudder, as though trying to retreat from the dark figure. Hux watches the creature work, his mind racing. The General is not a being with many fears, but the worst of them find him as a child trapped under rubble, bent out of shape; or as a slab of metal being bifurcated on a Resistance gurney, having his wires ripped out and his data syphoned. Without his pistol, Hux is aware that Snoke's magic-wielder may prove the only weapon he has left. The doors shriek as Ren plants his feet and pulls harder at his invisible strings, but Hux can see in an instant that the being has no knowledge of the base. Waltzing out through the hanger will see them gunned down before they reach the trees. When the General calls out to him, Ren turns, the chrome bands of his mask licked by fire. Hux crouches down on the floor of the ruined hanger, aware of his injuries tearing anew with each movement. His fingers scrabble at the faint outline of a maintenance panel on the floor. When he pries it open, Ren strides over. For a moment, Hux is sure Snoke's apprentice intends to abandon him to his wounds. Instead, Ren shimmies down into the narrow hole. His helmet resounds off the metal sides as he fits his overly-large body into the gap. Hux follows. Inside, a ladder leads them vertically down into the bowels of the base. Screams and gunfire echo through the wiring as they pull themselves downwards, until the finally reach the caves at the tunnel’s end. Hux shimmies into the gloom, pulling his ungainly left arm through behind him. His black boots thud dully on the rock floor. Ren has moved to one side, examining the chrome walls where the jagged stone meets the artificial base. In Hux’s mind, a schematic of the rabbit's warren of caves upon which the base was built unfolds, downloaded from the Finaliser's servers long before the General set foot on the planet. Once he has located the nearest exit his mind turns to the wound at his side. The tang of copper and aqueous fluid has filled Hux’s mouth, and his brain flashes with warning signals. Slowly, he allows himself to collapse against the cave wall, his hand gingerly placed over the wound to keep it from view. His instincts tell him that it is much worse than it looks. The General raises his head when he feels a presence looming over him. Both hands are pressed hard to his side, to contain his fluids, and to obscure the lack of fresh blood from Ren. Hux’s skin has turned deathly white, and his limbs shake slightly as torn wires spark in his chest. Ren is speaking now, moving restlessly above him, his voice crackling over Hux's senses. He sounds mocking. The General ignores the knight’s exhales of breath and the words that they form. With every second Hux shuts off another pain receptor : dangerous, to ignore his body's warnings, but necessary : and Ren's words become more gratingly coherent. "What a shining indictment of the First Order this has proven to be, General. Standard minutes after I set foot on the planet, Bakura has been overrun by insurgents, and I am watching one of the Order's highest-ranking officers bleed out in a damp cave. Truly an army worthy of the legacy of the Empire." Hux would dearly like to tear off one of those black limbs. Instead, he works with his functioning hand to get the belt free from his black uniform, and thrusts it towards Ren. With some effort, he forces sound from his own throat as Ren stares. “Bind my wound,” he rasps. For a moment Hux appreciates the blissful silence. Then Ren barks out a short, deep laugh. “And why would I do that, General? I am not one of your brainwashed stormtroopers, ready to lay down my life to rescue you from the jaws of death. I see no reason why I shouldn't leave you here to die.” Hux struggles to remain convincing when he can feel clear fluid leaking from a corner of his mouth. He wants to spit it in at the mask. “Rescue protocols//” he manages instead. His vocal modulator is starting to malfunction. One part of his mind is viciously deleting corrupted data files and writing new code while the rest of his strength is focussed on convincing Ren. “Considering the ease with which Resistance spies managed to place detonators throughout your base, my expectations are limited.” Ren drawls over him. Hux does a full-body twitch of annoyance : or possibly caused by fusing wires. His core temperature has sky-rocketed : his brain is fighting a losing battle to maintain homeostasis while ripped wiring fizzles in his abdomen. The General tries to think through the fever. “You may have your sword and your magic, Ren,” he scoffs, "but you have no way of communicating with the First Order, and thus no way of escaping Bakura without my help. Even// even if you could hail the Finaliser, there are only three officers who know you have any authority within the order. One of them has been flattened under duracrete.” Hux smiles grimly at the memory of Kessen's bloody body. He holds out the belt again, eyes fixed on Ren's mask. “Get me into the forest. I will contact Captain Phasma and secure a rescue vessel. My only demand is that you get my body to the Finaliser. Dead or alive.” Hux's eyes close and his head tilts back in exhaustion. He is completely at the mercy of Snoke's apprentice, but he is too far gone to truly care. It has been an age since the General felt so vulnerable. Ren keeps him waiting for what seems like an age. Then a gloved hand reaches out and takes the sash from Hux's slack grip. Hux is aware of the change in air pressure as Ren kneels down. When the knight pulls his body forward by his lapels, the General goes willingly. Hux's hands remain firmly over his wound until the moment the sash binds it. Ren ties it bone-crushingly tight around his waist and Hux's dizziness finally starts to fade. Ren stands fluidly and bends down to pull Hux bodily to his feet with a vicious yank. The General staggers upright, allowing a groan to escape his throat. Dimly, he is aware that he is leaning heavily on an oversized, humanoid body. When his logic circuits inform him that it is Ren, Hux staggers away into the cave wall. Ren watches this display in silence, before asking with a flat kind of amusement : “Where to next then, General?” Hux levels the knight with a vicious glare. “Speeder bikes,” he explains as the world dips and sways. “This way.” Hux closes his eyes and follows his internal map, stumbling over every loose stone. Ren follows him at a distance. —K— Far beneath the earth, Kylo's senses are dampened. After the thrill of battle, the quiet of the caves feels unnatural. The General, too, is unnervingly quiet. The beam from the Resistance blaster has torn a hole through the back of the General's coat, and through the flesh and sinew beyond. Only the bloodied black sash and the limp left arm convey the extent of Hux's wounds. Kylo cannot help but feel slightly impressed that the thin, unpromising figure of a man is still standing. As they move through the caves, the hollow scrape of boots and the far-off sounds of skirmishes are the only noises that break the silence. If Hux is placing his life into the knight's hands, then Kylo is responding in kind, following the dying man through this stone maze. Kylo wonders to himself whether the sudden explosion has unsettled him more than he would like to admit. Kylo stares at the man's perfectly uniform auburn hair. He pushes against the General's defences through the Force, testing for weakness. Hux gives no indication that he senses the pressure, but Kylo finds his mind elastic and impenetrable still. Hux stops abruptly when the stone meets pale moonlight. Above, instead of metal, cold air filters through and Kylo cannot help but feel relieved at the sight, though the emotion is beneath him. The General shies away from the light, instead approaching the metal wall of the base and feeling along its surface. Before Kylo can demand an explanation, Hux finds a concealed switch and flicks it to reveal a keypad. Above, there is a boom, then a clang. Kylo's hand twitches. The Resistance's last push, perhaps? Victory for the light side? Kylo's fingers curl around the hilt of his weapon. His eyes are trained on the cave behind them. Finally, a scrape of hinges signals the General's success. He draws a section of the wall aside to reveal stacks of compact folded machinery - speeder bikes, camouflaged in greens and greys. Wordlessly, Kylo steps forward and grips one of the bikes, hefting it from the rack. It deploys, rising to hover above the cave floor. The knight swings his leg over the bike and primes the engine, his every muscle tensed. Hux edges forward towards the bike, his face lined with disgust. His eyes keep glancing back to the rack, as if assessing whether he has the strength to pull one down himself. “You won't be able to steer one armed.” Kylo snaps when he does nothing. Hux still seems conflicted. Kylo is about to bark an order to get the General moving, when the dim holler of a group of Resistance fighters filters through to them. With the underground acoustics, it is impossible to tell how far away they might be. Kylo reaches through the Force and does not like what he finds. “Now.” He growls. Hux springs into action at last, striding forward and climbing on the speeder behind Kylo. His arm snakes around to grip awkwardly to the knight's black cloak. Kylo swings the bike around and guns the engine. As they speed forward the machine dips and hums loudly at the weight of the two men, a larger payload than it was every designed to carry. There is no time for easing into it - Kylo rests two fingers on the speeder's triggers as they approach the cave entrance, finally starting to gain real speed. The cool Bakura night air hits them in a wave as they break through to the outside world. Kylo's eyes are focussed ahead, on the dark band of trees. They are separated from him by a swathe of open ground perfect for cutting down intruders. The sensation of hundreds of lives being destroyed is like a shock from a blaster, and Kylo feels his powers ignite. When the first rounds from an outpost gun whizz past their heads, the knight swerves instinctively. The whine of an alarm and the snap snap snap of floodlights throwing their shadow into stark relief against the grass has both men sinking lower against the bike, trying to urge it to go faster. Kylo battles with the contraption, revving the engine even as it groans beneath their weight. He dodges again, wincing as the bike grinds and shakes beneath him. At his back, the General is hunched over, trying to protect his damaged side. At the buzz of incoming speeders Hux's forehead comes to rest on Kylo's back. The gesture is surprisingly intimate. Kylo has no time for thought. From the left, the knight sees movement, and he changes course suddenly to throw off the impending attack. Hux's arm grabs more securely around Kylo's waist in terror as the bike careens. They are both forced to lean deeply into the next turn to avoid falling. Finally they enter the forest of huge, fir-like trees, and their pursuers scatter. Kylo's powers are working on overdrive, sending them winding through the huge trunks while avoiding enemy fire. Hux is plastered against his back now, both bodies turning into each nail-biting turn. When Kylo feels the odd prickle of electricity on his ribs, he turns, worried that the bike is shaking apart beneath them. All he can see is Hux's red hair, and the action throws them off-balance. Hux gurgles with fear in his ear as Kylo turns to wrest control back. They narrowly avoid fireballing into one of the gargantuan trees covering in hanging vines the width of human bodies. The Resistance fighter behind them is not so lucky, and the feeling of heat on his shoulders makes Kylo smile viciously. Ahead the knight senses danger. A speeder has cut around them and is about to take them by surprise. Another is getting dangerously close on the left. Kylo's focus is thrown off by Hux, who has released the knight's waist to try and reach for his saber. He manages to get a few fingers on the weapon before Kylo is forced to turn sharply to avoid getting caught between a tree trunk and a speeder gun. Hux grabs at him frantically - Kylo can hear his multi-lingual cursing clearly in one ear. He corners the bike again jerkily in response: shut up, hang on and don’t kriffing try to help , is the non-verbal command. There is no more time to prepare as the incoming enemy crashes through the trees and tries to take them head on. The surprise is lost on Kylo. Hux shouts and grips him painfully tight. Kylo veers left brutally, sending one enemy spiralling into a tree. The heat of the fireball makes his smile widen beneath the mask, to include teeth. Now two speeders are drawing level with them - the rest have fallen behind, lost to the forest. For a moment all three bikes line up, and they are surrounded. One Resistance fighter fumbles for his blaster. Kylo pulls the bike up sharply, holding the mechanisms together with all his concentration. Hux is pressed against his back, swearing in his ear, and Kylo can feel liquid seeping into his tunic - blood. He drops down again sharply. In two fluid motions, Kylo takes out the bike’s engine and crashes into it, driving it into the ground. Kylo wrests with the controls, narrowly avoiding the pinwheeling lump of metal as it seers overhead. Now they are angled towards the ground, and Hux's body is slipping sideways. Kylo's mind is too small to comprehend his own power as he lifts them with all his might, just before they meet the earth. They are level again. Kylo gulps for breath beneath the mask. Hux is limp and shaking behind him, finally terrified speechless. Kylo waits for the bike’s shaking to subside gradually. Bakura's night deepens around them, splintered by shafts of moonlight from its moons and far off Endor. Resistance speeders in the distance still bite at the edges of Kylo's mind - they are not safe yet. The General's head comes to rest, exhausted, between the knight's shoulder blades. As they speed forward, the trees seem to become bigger. Little by little, Kylo feels the General's grip on his tunic loosen. * Finally they slow to the edge of a clearing, and Kylo decides that they are far enough away from the base to risk sending a transmission. No doubt they will be tracked down the moment they do, but they have bought themselves some time, at least. He comes to a skidding stop, the bike beneath him well and truly destroyed. Behind him, Hux is jolted forward. Kylo dismounts from the speeder. He turns to find Hux still bent forward over the bike, eyes closed. The knight grasps his arm to pull him down and Hux's eyes fly open. “Don’t touch me Ren,” he spits as he breaks Kylo’s hold and applies one of his own, fist gripping the front of the knight’s cloak with surprising strength. Kylo is dimly aware of the phantom sensation of Hux’s arm in his fingers - a heavy dead weight slick with blood, limp and slimy as a Jabba’s tail. Kylo’s black glove is damp with ichor, and smeared with red. “I still have strength left”, Hux insists grimly, still curled over to protect his damaged side. “The injury to your arm is severe.” Kylo comments quietly, his mask inches from Hux’s face. Rather than respond, Hux pushes him backwards with an impressive shove. Then he tries to dismount, crumpling sideways painfully. Kylo pulls Hux to his feet despite the man’s weak attempts to fend him off, noting that Hux’s expression stays impressively slack as he does so. “Why does your arm not trouble you more, General?” “An artificial limb.” Hux snaps, as if the answer should be obvious. His protests are getting weaker as Kylo drags him over to the base of one of the towering trees. Kylo settles against the bark and pulls Hux down in front of him, until he is oddly cradled by the knight’s body. He ignores their position in favour of rooting through the pockets of Hux’s blood-soaked officer’s coat. Hux mutters and coughs painfully in protest before finally giving in. “Where is it? The communicator?” The General pushes his hands away and fumbles inside the lining of the coat. His body twists to reach with his good hand, and beneath his mask Kylo winces at how in reveals his wound. Without thought, Kylo presses his own pale to Hux’s damaged side. Hux is so pale he seems to have lost all the fluid in his body. When he finally finds the tiny communicator he fumbles with it in shaky fingers for a moment before he manages to depress it. Kylo watches in silence as he pushes the instrument shakily in his ear. Hux’s voice is scratchy and laboured when he hails the Finaliser, and his eyebrows draw together as he listens intently to the response. The hair there is paler than on his head, Kylo notices absently. The knight strains to pick up the crackle of static that is Captain Phasma’s voice. “Ten standard minutes?” Hux rasps at last. “We’ll be waiting. Over and out.” He pulls the communicator out of his ear and crushes it easily in his palm. “Only ten?” Kylo comments mildly, watching Hux’s face. The General is still staring at the mangled black metal in his hand. When he speaks, there is an odd note of humour to his voice. “The First Order does have rescue protocols Ren.” Kylo is too unsettled by his slack expression to respond. The pair sit in silence for a few minutes. Kylo’s mind stretches out through the Force, sensing Rebel speeders combing the forest around them. They will run across them soon, if their communication hasn’t already been intercepted. They buzz like flies at the edges of Kylo’s consciousness, but he is distracted by the limp weight of the General’s body against him. Hux is unsettling. Perhaps it is the contrast between the man he met hours ago and the half-man half-corpse lying against him now. Perhaps it is their proximity, tearing through Kylo’s years of isolation. Perhaps it is the tang of blood and something more. When the General starts laughing quietly to himself, Kylo’s eyes focus on him in alarm. Hux jerks as if realising their position only now, but he doesn’t get far before he is forced to settle again, this time with his back propped awkwardly against Kylo’s outstretched arm. The knight doesn’t remember reaching out to catch him. Hux is cursing between huffed, scratchy laughter. Kylo has to lean over him to keep his right hand pressed to his wound. It has reopened; he can feel it. Hux curses the Resistance and the ground of Bakura and Commander Kessen’s flattened body. He curses Kylo. The knight sees the fever in the General’s eyes and feels dread well up inside himself. Hux’s head lolls backwards, grey eyes cloudy with suppressed pain. In the moonlight, he seems much younger than Kylo had first thought him. Shorter, too, and not so broad as he had appeared standing ram-rod straight in front of a squadron of troopers. Hux’s shoulders are bony beneath his coat, and they shake with delirious laughter. “That kriff- kriffing mask,” Hux spits out, through the laughter and the glass in his throat, “will be the last kriffing thing I see.” Hux’s laughter fades into a whimper. Kylo feels strangely affected by his distaste. The moonlight has washed out his red hair until it matches his skin - bloodless. Kylo’s eyes lock with Hux’s unfocussed gaze. One of his hands is pressed against his side and soaked with blood. The other has unlatched his cowl and is pulling it over his head. Hux is silent now - not even a breath. He is staring upwards. Kylo has taken off his mask. He cannot say why. In the clammy night air, his skin is almost as pale as Hux’s. Kylo’s sweaty black curls are plastered to his forehead. His eyes are dark and wide and his mouth is downturned. After what feels like days in the mask, he is relieved to feel the cool breeze against his skin. Hux is staring. Kylo watches the wind run through the General’s hair - he shivers with it, shoulders shaking, but still he does not speak. Kylo pulls him closer instinctively. The silence stretches on. Then the chuckling comes again, quietly. Hux’s eyes close, and Kylo wants to shake him like a mechanical doll, to have them flick open again. “You’re a kriff- a kriff-“ The General’s hand clutches Kylo’s tunic. “A kriffing child.” He manages at last. Kylo frowns and Hux laughs. They are both interrupted by a muffled beeping - the communicator. Above, the hum of shuttle engines is carried to them on an artificial breeze. Kylo looks down to order the General to his feet. Hux has opened his eyes, but they are cloudy - dull grey instead of pale green. Kylo’s hand releases Hux’s wound to grab at his shoulder, turning the General’s body towards him. But Hux isn’t breathing. His eyes are fixed on the sky, and his body is perfectly limp. For a moment, Kylo can only stare into his unfocussed gaze. Then, very carefully, the knight stands. The shuttle is close enough to block out the moonlight now, and the engines whip up the hem of Kylo’s cloak. In the distance, Resistance fighters have turned their speeders in the direction of the unidentified craft. Kylo feels impotent rage building from his stomach to his throat. He lifts Hux’s body into his arms roughly, and staggers towards the ship as it touches down. The shuttle doors open and a squad of stormtroopers run out to meet him, carrying a stretcher between them. Kylo drops the body on the stretcher and pulls his lightsaber from his belt. There is a dizzying well of anger inside him, and his hands shake as he ignites his weapon. The first speeder crashes into the clearing and Kylo turns on instinct to block its forward gun. The second bolt he deflects back to the speeder, which bursts into flames. Kylo’s rage is only stoked by the blaze - he itches for battle. A second speeder is thrown into a tree. Kylo has lost control of the Force. Pure fury compels him. Dimly, the shouts of stormtroopers reach him, calling him on board. There is no time now to hunt down every Resistance fighter on this planet and return their vitality to the fabric of the Force. Kylo wrenches himself away from battle and runs towards the shuttle. He thunders on board as more Resistance troops break through the trees. The First Order vessel lifts off as blaster shots ricochet against its hull. Kylo sinks to the metal floor, his breathing heavy. The troopers move around him warily. From the corner of his eye, Kylo can see an officer in black armour leaning over Hux’s prone body. Hux’s body does not move. His mind is silent. Kylo’s mind is a storm, screaming and thrashing and dashing itself against his skull. The shuttle speeds away from Bakura, relinquishing it to the Resistance. Chapter 2 : Act II: The Faceless Menace Summary: After the storm, the Finaliser is far from calm. --K-- Another shuttle, another hanger bay, another row of officers with steely expressions. Kylo almost expects to find a red-haired General facing him when he stumbles off the craft. His head is spinning, and he feels like he can see that officer out of the corner of his eye, the crisp uniform and the ginger hair and the sneer - but when he turns sharply he finds a petty officer, black hair, expression terrified. He is distracted by the troopers exiting the shuttle behind him. They are carrying a stretcher between them. Now there really is a flash of red in the corner of his vision. The Finaliser is too big. Captain Phasma is waiting for the vessel, and she speaks to Kylo in clipped tones that come dangerously close to orders. Her words reach him dimly, demanding a full debriefing of his escape, and the General’s final moments. Kylo has no time for her. He is watching the progress of the stretcher across the vast expanse of the hanger bay. The troopers have handed it over to medical droids, but their progress is slow. The Finaliser’s hanger bay is far too big. Kylo’s mind is blurred and shaky as it carries him to his quarters. He vaguely remembers pushing past Phasma, ignoring her orders for him to report to medical, stumbling through the corridors of an unknown ship; he remembers spitting and snarling in the helmeted face of a stormtrooper to locate his rooms for him. Kylo has no intention of going to medical. Hux’s body is in medical. Kylo’s mind feels staticky, as if he is receiving a holo-call from a back-world planet on the farthest reaches of the Galaxy. His thoughts flit in and then out. He stumbles into his plain officer’s quarters and leans heavily against a black desk chair. Shakily, Kylo removes his belt with the saber attached, and drapes it over the back of the chair. He breathes deeply, in and then out, but the static is still in his head. His next coherent thought is of a shuddering, jerking descent to the floor of his refresher. There is freezing water slewing through Kylo’s hair. He waits for it to wash away the adrenaline, his eyes tightly closed. It occurs to Kylo, then, kneeling on the tiled floor, that he isn’t wearing his cowl, and he cannot remember taking it off. Was it discarded in the shuttle, or even in the clearing on Bakura? Kylo might have been crashing through the First Order’s flagship with wide, crazed eyes and blood in his matted, curled hair. He feels sick at the thought. By the time Kylo staggers to his feet, the ‘fresher has finished its drying sequence, and the chill has been drawn from his bones. Still, he shakes slightly as he pulls himself from the bathroom over to his bed. The adrenaline, he tells himself, is what keeps his body vibrating. The thought of sleep is intolerable - if he closes his eyes Kylo will relive his escape, of that he is sure. Meditation is the best option. Kylo can feel the pressure of the battle weighing heavily on his mind, keeping him from the reassuring void of anger that is the dark side. Kylo cannot summon anger now, only slight desperation at the thought of his Master sensing his turmoil. He should not be so affected by the battle, least of all by the memory of wide grey eyes calmly closing on the world. Kylo decides groggily that he must meditate, even as his body sinks sideways onto the thin mattress. His black robes rub at his skin, cracking with dirt that the washing and drying of the ‘fresher failed to remove. Kylo realises dimly that he had gotten in the refresher fully clothed. The thought is too much for him to process. He sinks into sleep, still covered in the blood of a dead man. --H-- --Going Backwards-- Children do not often remember their own birth. At that age the mind cannot hold information for very long. Hux can remember his birth. It was a gradual process - not a sudden burst of consciousness, but a realisation over days, weeks, perhaps longer. Hux remembers feeling dim, distant murmurs as vibrations against his naked skin. He remembers the comforting claustrophobia of suspension in a bacta tank. By contrast, when Commandant Hux had forced him into consciousness in his half-crazed attempts to bring his son back to life, Hux remembers it as an explosion of sensation. Suddenly, everywhere there was noise and light and the memories of a scared child suffocating under duracrete. Then, when his mind was beginning to adjust, he can remember how Brendol Hux would scorn his latest attempt. Hux has blurred but painfully strong memories of being held down, disassembled, his brain ripped from its latest clunky artificial body and suffocated into stasis again. Each time would be more painful than the last. Hux wondered, once, if his father knew the torture he put his son under repeatedly while resurrecting and discarding him. He decided that the Commandant had known - just as Brendol Hux had known his son’s latest reincarnation was a failure before the android could even open his mouth. Hux could not be born by his father. But he was born. The final time, there was no pain. There was the sensation of cool liquid, filling his lungs, sliding through his fingers - a protective barrier against the outside world. Hux remembers the first thought, the suffocation, but unlike his father’s attempts this time Hux did not panic at the memory - because it was no longer his own. Hux was a new being. He painstakingly constructed his mind, while weightless and calm. There is, beneath the wires and circuits, a human brain saved from the body of a child, but that does not make Hux that child. He is a grown man - no, an android, without the need of growing. Hux has the memories of his former self, though some are lost, others warped, most likely from his father’s clumsy work. He took pleasure, as he waited to be born, in breaking down the fragile consciousness of the dead boy, and replacing it with steel and synthetic polymer. Some information remained - he was still Brendol Soren Hux, a human male, an officer of the Empire, a fugitive of the New Republic. But steadily a new, improved Hux developed. The fear and the rejection that had eaten away at him for years was deleted from his mind - replaced with the knowledge of his synthetic strength, his finely tuned circuits, and the Master, superior in every way to his father, who had created him. The moment of Hux’s birth was still a shock, the kind that makes human new-borns squall and kick as they are brought into the world - but it was not painful. Hux did not cry out - but his systems screamed at him from the inside of his head, taking in the overwhelming amount of data as he was extracted from the bacta. There was the draining of the liquid, and the sensation of his body being pulled from its bacta-womb by the unforgiving metal hands of service droids. There was the scorching heat of the air against his reconstructed skin, which was as soft and unmarred as it was after his first birth. There was the spasming of his lungs, and the electricity that ran the length of his body and made his muscles jerk. There was the space in his chest where the weight of his heart once rested. Its absence made Hux feel lighter. The droids watched Hux’s naked, gasping, choking panic impassively. Slowly, he gained control of his limbs and relaxed, his skin pressed to the hot metal floor. Hux remembers when he first realised that every breath only sent scorching air through his body uselessly. His throat was for speaking, coughing, appearing human, but not for breathing. The pretence of breathing made him feel ill at best. Hux stopped and slowly his head cleared. After those panicked moments, Hux’s new, improved consciousness came back to him. He gathered himself to his feet. There were no shaky first steps. Hux was fully formed, now that he was used to the sensation of being in the open air. He got his bearings quickly - he knew that he had been born, and he knew he was on the planet of Mustafa. And he knew who was responsible for his creation: Snoke’s presence called to him - it made him turn away from the drained tank and the nightmarish black droids and the metal operating tables, and in the direction of his Master. He knew he was an android. When Hux had stood before the towering, inhuman figure, Snoke had greeted his creation triumphantly. That had been the first and the only time that Hux had been in Snoke’s physical presence. Hux’s remembers with pride how pleased his Master had been to gaze upon his own work - his future General who had already pulled himself into a crisp black uniform. Commandant Hux had always been disgusted with the substandard droids he could create - he had watched the machine parts fight against the organic parts of his son’s body before tearing them apart and starting again. Snoke’s design was flawless - Hux’s body and mind worked in ruthless unison. He was the Commandant’s damaged son no more. Beneath his re-grown skin and his cloned appearance, blood and wiring and synthetic lubricant were perfectly balanced for a cold, human-like appearance. The Commandant had tried to resurrect his son as he remembered him, and he had failed. Snoke had no use for a weak-willed cadet - he had created a General, one who would follow his every command. Even now, Hux’s loyalty is firmly in his Master’s hands. Hux is a satellite, small but durable, in orbit around the black hole that is Snoke. The Supreme Leader is a terrible, dark, invisible force that affects the orbit of every system in the Galaxy, even the largest neutron star, whether they know it or not. He is the Black Hole around which the Galaxy turns. Hux is not afraid to know that Snoke will one day swallow him into that gaping darkness. There will be no more painful resurrections, then, just one, glorious end. The General is Snoke’s, to be created and destroyed as his Master sees fit. --Going Forwards-- When Hux’s systems are rebooted, the first thing he knows is that Snoke is out there still, in the Galaxy. The second thing he knows is that he is no longer on Bakura. --K-- Kylo wakes to the sensation of eighty thousand lives bearing down on him. Snoke’s training has sharpened his Force-sensitivity to a lethal diamond’s edge, and he struggles to adjust to being surrounded by life once again. The presence of each crew member is almost audible. Kylo is deafened by the Finaliser, for a moment. He forcefully retracts his senses and sits up slowly. Sleep had been a mistake - it had forced him to go back to the fire and the smoke and the eerie quiet of the forest clearing. There had been no joy in the heat of battle, in the dream. Without the comfort of the dark side, the escape from Bakura seemed like a cold, dead mistake that should never have been. However, sleep has allowed Kylo some respite. He is drawn and pale, but calmer as he rises from the bed, stripping off his cloak and his stained tunic efficiently. Inside, and in the Force, Kylo is still a mess. He does not dare reach out for the dark side - he is disgusted at his own vulnerability, overwhelmed by the constant pressure of life in the Finaliser’s crowded corridors. His temper hangs on a knife’s edge. Kylo pulls himself back into the refresher and scrubs himself properly. His back is mottled and sore. There are ribs broken beneath the surface. He grits his teeth and forces his spine straight for the duration of the drying sequence. Stepping back into the small bedroom-cum-office and dressing in a black tunic, Kylo notices for the first time that there is a mask resting on the simple black desk. Beside the mask is a small box, an ancient Sith relic that had been aboard Kylo’s vessel. It contains the knight of Ren’s small collection of belongings. Mutely, he strides over to the box and stares down at it - how it got there without him noticing is unknown to him, and deeply disturbing because of it. Using the Force, Kylo wrenches the lid of the box open. In the centre, surrounded by a handful of smaller objects, is a second mask. This one is severely warped, but still recognisable. With the utmost care, Kylo lifts it out of the box and brings it to eye level. He feels the desperation flow out of him, replaced by a deep well of anger which he revels in. ‘Grandfather,’ he whispers. Kylo sinks to the smooth, hard floor of his quarters, into the familiar position for meditation. The knight focusses his will on the sunken mask, allowing his mind to sink into the Force. It takes him hours to begin unpicking the knots of panic and fear which bind him. Kylo is disgusted with how far he has been set back by the events of Bakura. Gone is all of his controlled fury, along with his concentration. It takes all of Kylo’s mental strength to stay in meditation. His mind sways and veers wildly with vivid memories of the battle, and of Hux’s face in his final moments, and a bloodied sash wrapped tightly over an officer’s uniform. Finally, Kylo pulls himself out of meditation, and the defeat sits bitterly on his tongue. He will need many more hours before he can regain himself fully, but those are hours he does not have. The moment he gave up on clearing his mind, his Master had summoned him through the Force. Now, there can be no delay. Kylo gets to his feet and picks Darth Vader’s mask carefully off the floor. He puts it just as carefully on his desk in the place of his own black mask. * Kylo travels through the halls of the Finaliser with long, sure strides, forcing personnel to duck out of his way. A stormtrooper that fails to move fast enough is slammed against the wall in a brutal display of Kylo’s Force powers. The faceless trooper crumples to the floor and the knight is thrown back into the memory of explosions, and duracrete raining down from the ceiling. Kylo pushes through the memory, focussing instead on making his way to the audience chamber where a projection of his Master waits. When he stops outside the doors to the projection room, Kylo makes one last attempt to mentally force his way through the leftover confusion of Bakura. Even as a projection, he can feel the force of Snoke’s presence beyond the doors, waiting to pry open his mind. Static. Fire. Static - the cool breeze of Bakura, and the cooler gaze of grey eyes which stare up at him, as he pushes his mind out in search of speeders in the forest - hot blood soaking into his glove from a mangled arm - Hux’s mind turning from cool glass to a hot, angry barrier, daring him to try and reach into it and get scalded. Kylo resurfaces with a grimace. The taste of failure is becoming sickening. The knight of Ren pushes through the doors and swiftly enters the cavernous room, stopping to kneel at the foot of a great dais. The chamber cannot have been built for any purpose other than for an audience with Snoke. Anyone else would get lost in the dark shadows that gather in its depths, but Kylo’s Master wears them comfortably. He leans forward, eyes intent on his knight. When Kylo raises his head to his Master, his head swims with vertigo and the familiar feeling of Snoke entering his mind. ‘Kylo Ren.’ Snoke savours the name that he picked himself. ‘You were on Bakura when the Resistance attacked.’ - a statement, not a question. Snoke’s mood is impossible to determine, and Kylo’s body is tense when he bows further. ‘Master. The ambush came soon after my arrival. There was not time…’ Kylo hesitates. ‘I failed to sense the attack, just as I failed to stop the Resistance from seizing the base. I was forced to abandon the planet.’ Snoke cocks his head, a disturbingly human gesture from a super-human being. ‘I will admit, I was disappointed to hear of the Order’s retreat. Though the attack was unexpected.’ Kylo is wrong-footed by his Master’s acceptance, in place of terrifying anger. He should remove his mask now, he knows - as a small symbol of acknowledgement to his Master’s mercy. But the thought of exposing his face - the harsh grimace that his mouth has twisted into and his eyes, wide and pained - is intolerable for the knight. He would not have Snoke see him in such a state. ‘I had heard,’ Snoke pulls his knight’s attention back to him, ‘that you did not escape the planet alone.’ Fire licks a line up Kylo’s spine. ‘No, Master. Not alone.’ Snoke leans back and Kylo wonders if now, the anger will come. He can face the anger. It does not. ‘I trust you now understand the importance of reforming the First Order in pursuit of our goal: the destruction of the Resistance and the last of the Jedi. This can only be achieved from within the Order’s ranks. The General is crucial in this effort.’ Kylo wants nothing more than to be off this kriffing ship. ‘Master, I could not-‘ I could not save him. Surely you are mistaken? They are dangerous words to say to a man with Snoke’s power. Snoke silences him with a raised hand - Kylo is saved the consequences of questioning him. ‘Lord Ren. I have been informed that your vessel was recovered from Bakura. However, you are to remain on board the Finaliser. You will oversee the First Order’s efforts to counter-strike the Resistance, and you will support the General in his efforts, as my proxy. The First Order must not be allowed to make the mistakes of the Empire.’ Kylo’s head spins. General? Another General? Or the General whose death Kylo had relived in his sleep, whose death he had experienced first-hand? ‘Master-?’ Snoke dismisses him abruptly. ‘Go now, Lord Ren. Recover from your wounds, and learn from them. I will not be so forgiving next time. Go.’ Kylo has no choice but to leave. * Outside Snoke’s audience chamber, Kylo’s hand comes out to rest against the wall of the Finaliser. Suddenly the mask is confining, not protective. He breathes deeply. When a pair of stormtroopers round the corner Kylo straightens and strides past them purposefully. Distracted, he cannot use the Force to find his quarters. Instead he stalks the corridors of the Finaliser, lost and frustrated, sweeping personnel out of his way as he goes. Kylo comes back to himself to find that he is heading in the direction of medical. The corridors he finds himself in are no less austere than the rest of the Finaliser, but there is the scent of blood and bacta in the air, and dead men are walking everywhere. Stormtroopers limp from one room to the next, black droids chittering at their heels and wielding syringes. The steady trickle of bacta tanks being filled is a calming backdrop to the groans and shouts of pain. Droids do not make sympathetic doctors, the knight has no doubt. Kylo barely sees it all. The rooms swim in front of his eyes. He grabs a trooper that is the same height as the General, another with red hair (not red enough). He grabs at a third laid out on a stretcher. He has to know if- A black droid blocks his path. It sits squatly below his waist and beeps at him. {{ kylo ren : report to room a52 for medical debriefing }} Kylo takes a step forward and the droid beeps again, sharp and loud. {{ unauthorised entry : report to room a52 immediately }} He wills the creature to move, but his mind is distracted, confused. {{ kylo ren : not authorised to enter the officers’ bacta unit : not authorised to enter gen. hux’s private unit : report to room a52 for medical debriefing by order of cpt. phasma }} Every beep from the droid adds to Kylo’s agitation. They would not admit him? Phasma dared bar him from any section of this meagre flagship? Never mind that Kylo should have no reason to see the General, alive or dead. Hux had seemed dead. Hux had dared to seem dead, and leave Kylo with no indication that he had been alive? Sleeping off his blaster wound in a private wing of the Finaliser’s med bay? Never mind that there is no reason for Kylo to be personally informed of the General’s survival. Kylo lets the anger build until it can no longer be contained, and he directs it at the droid. He draws his lightsaber fluidly and takes vicious pleasure in striking a smoking line through the squealing metal body. The droid beeps shrilly in distress and tries to run. Kylo strikes again. When the machine is reduced to a smoking twist of metal, Kylo finally powers down the saber. His lungs are heaving and sweat is cooling beneath the mask. But his mind is clearer than it has been since he set foot on Bakura. The outrage, terror, confusion of the patients crowding the halls around him settle Kylo’s mind, and force it to focus again. He could mow down any number of these injured officers, if they stood between him and the room that the General is in. But with a clear head, logical also begins to filter into the knight’s thoughts. He is in bacta, as the droid said. He is still alive - and healing, he thinks, conflicted. Go, now, before more questions are asked. Exhaustion hits the knight with a physical weight, pressing down on his damaged spine. Finally he is calm enough to find his way back to his quarters. Word has already spread across the Finaliser and personnel give him a wide berth in the corridors. Once in the room - cooler, quieter, more isolated - he pulls off his mask. Breathing heavily, Kylo forces himself to sink into a meditative pose. He hopes that he will be able to let go of any confusion or curiosity over the General who may or may not be dead. When he comes out of meditation the next morning, he will find that he has not. --H-- Hux cannot remember his childhood home. His father’s constant suspicion had kept his First Order in motion, out of the X-Wings’ range, while other Imperial factions fell to the Resistance. For a young boy unsuited to the life of a soldier, it had been a bleak childhood. If, now, he is forced to pick a home, Hux chooses the Finaliser. The atmosphere of restrained violence and rigid order that permeates the great machine would have repelled nervous, undisciplined young Soren. By contrast, Hux feels an affinity for his ship - it is not the largest vessel in the Order’s fleet, but with its forward defences and ventral canons, the Finaliser is a formidable opponent, easily underestimated. Hux’s connection to his ship is both mental and physical - particularly now, as he lies on a metal gurney, wires stretching from the ports on his back, between his shoulder-blades, and on his biceps into sockets, plugging him into the ship. The energy that he pulls along those wires from the Finaliser is restoring his strength. Hux can feel the ship as it cuts through the Galaxy, as it almost breathes with the reactors and the personnel which propel it through space. Hux breathes in and out himself, in empathy, and he is reminded that he has no lungs to fill - and no heart to beat. The thought gives him strength The General sets his optics and stares upwards. Above him is a sight to which he is well-accustomed. Black figures with reflective, sloping masks instead of faces ring his body. For a moment, they remind him of his last memory before he powered-down - a black mask, pulled off to reveal a startling face. A face highlighted by moles instead of gruesome scars, pale and untouched by age where he expected to find deep furrows and post-human features to match the Supreme Leader’s. But the Engineers are as much a part of the Finaliser as Hux feels he is himself, and so they are part of home, safe. The memory of Kylo Ren is unsettling, at it has no place here. To one side, as familiar as the faceless men poring over his semi-naked body, looms the Captain. In the dark of Hux’s android laboratory, deep in the bowels of the ship, Phasma’s armour is not a blinding chrome, but a dull silver. For all that Ren had gotten him to the clearing, Hux tells himself that it is Phasma who saved him, as she always does. The escape from Bakura was a closer brush with death than either of them have experienced before, but Phasma is no more concerned for him than she has ever been. Hux can survive worse, and he will, before his time is done. ‘Captain.’ With a flick of his eyes Hux commands the Engineers, who set about folding the gurney to allow him to sit up. They unstrap him from the waist up so he can address his Captain properly. Phasma stands to attention and salutes. Then she removes her reflective cowl and tucks it underneath one arm. ‘Sir.’ Another point in Phasma’s favour - she is a creature of few words. ‘How is my recovery progressing?’ Hux looks to Phasma for an answer - the Engineers are not conversationalists. Hux is not even aware if they are capable of speech. ‘The blaster wound was clean, although it caused a host of internal issues which took upwards of forty hours to rewire. It has left a mark, of course. There is no way to prevent it other than transferring you to a new body entirely.’ Hux nods, the fingers of his right hand straying to the new skin growing over a slight indent in his stomach. The metal patch stands out in contrast to his pale skin. ‘And my left arm?’ Hux’s fingers move to his left shoulder. He tests the limb carefully, holding up his hand to inspect the thin fingers. It is weak, lacking muscles, the arm of a younger man. Although it is fully functional, it feels like a mental trick, a phantom limb. His mind is trying to tell him that the arm no longer exists, even as he turns it to inspect the back of his hand. ‘A cloned replacement. The closest we could come to the original. It may cause you some problems, sir. There is no time to change course for-‘ ‘No.’ Hux interrupts in agreement. There is no time to set a course for Mustafa, where his brain could be transferred into a fresh, unmarked body, grown to match his current state exactly. There is no time to float in a bacta tank for months, while the fickle officers of the First Order forget that Hux leads them, or that Snoke’s word is their law. ‘Call the fleet together. There is no time. We must rally decisively against the Resistance, or my leadership will be in question. I will not be judged by the Commander’s incompetence.’ Phasma nods sharply. After a moment, Hux asks the question he has been avoiding. ‘What about Ren?’ He is surprised to find what he might describe as amusement in the corners of Phasma’s mouth. ‘I have not been able to obtain a full debriefing of your escape of the planet, sir… but you certainly inspired loyalty of some kind in Lord Ren .’ ‘I inspired loyalty? In that creature?’ ‘You inspired something, sir.’ Phasma looks as though she is on the edge of a smirk. ‘He - it-‘ ‘He,’ Hux corrects. Phasma raises her own eyebrow. ‘ He thundered off the shuttle like a madman. I was told that he found his way to his quarters, though he did not appear to respond to any of my officers.’ Phasma’s amusement has turned to distaste. ‘The Supreme Leader sent a communiqué not long after you were retrieved. Ren is to hold an honorary commanding position while he is aboard the Finaliser. Which he will be, for now… a position equal to yourself.’ Hux is torn between outrage at the idea and instinctive deference to his Master. His body jerks in shock, pulling wires form the sockets in his arms. Engineers swarm around him to plug him back in. Phasma now looks almost apologetic. ‘I can only take my contempt of Ren so far, given my rank, sir. But I will do my best to keep him away from anything… important. I will let you know if he causes any trouble.’ Hux shifts restlessly. ‘How long before I can take command of my own ship again?’ ‘At least a week before you can resume any duties - you are supposedly recovering in full-body bacta for at least six days. You will need to wear a sling, and possibly some bandaging, for some time after that. To keep up appearances, you understand.’ Hux’s mood darkens at the prospect. He feels restless at the thought of Ren striding through the Finaliser, using his magic to get wherever he wants, and no one with the authority to stop him. Almost as intolerable is the thought of standing in front of the fleet’s senior officers with a bright white sling as a glaring symbol of his weakness. ‘Have their been any incidents?’ Phasma hesitates. ‘There was one. Ren demanded entry to the med bay. When he was denied, he… maimed a medical droid.’ Hux knows that Phasma feels something for her troopers, though affection would be far too strong a word to describe it. In a similar way, Hux has a slight affinity for the machines of his ship - from the hyperdrive to the messenger droids. He feels a sick stab in his patched-up stomach at the thought of the damage Ren’s lightsaber could cause to one of them. ‘Why?’ He hisses, incensed. ‘Because he was refused entry? Did he need a bacta pad for a deep scratch?’ ‘Many witnesses were under the impression he was looking for you , General.’ ‘What would give them that impression?’ ‘Several of my officers reported that he had pulled them aside without a word.’ Hux looks confused. ‘Several red haired officers.’ Phasma grimaces. ‘As I said, sir. You seem to have inspired something.’ The Engineers flit around the General’s gurney as quietly as shadows in the darkness, checking the read-outs and ports which connect him to the ship. Hux has no response for Phasma’s words. He feels along the joins of his arm thoughtfully, as though he is scratching an itch. Phasma is right - the arm is going to cause him problems - though it will not match the annoyance that Ren is proving. ‘You will inform me if he damages any other part of my ship. And you will do all you can to keep him off the bridge until I can resume my duties. In the meantime, set a course for the Unknown Regions. And send a summons to the commanders of the fleet in the Supreme Leader’s name - we will need more troops to retake the planet.’ ‘Sir.’ Phasma dons her helmet and salutes sharply, before leaving. Hux nods distractedly and goes back to examining his arm. He had expected the sense of dread to leave him once he was off Bakura, safely aboard his ship. But Ren’s presence has put paid to that. He sinks back against the metal gurney, as the Engineers pull it back down to continue their mute work. He feels drained, as though he has an electrical leak. Hux focuses on the sensation of the Finaliser feeding him energy and tries to ignore the itch of worry in the back of his mind. * The week goes by excruciatingly slowly. Confined first to the laboratory, and then to his quarters, Hux looks over hundreds of documents; he does hours of research into Bakura; he tries, and fails, to uncover as much as possible about Ren’s history, and his powers. Mostly, Hux works to avoid any mention of the knight, but Phasma’s daily reports are never complete without word of the skulking black figure that haunts the med bay and the halls of his ship, demanding to see the General’s comatose body for himself. Hux keeps his temper more or less in check, but with nothing but paperwork to keep him occupied, mentions of Ren and the phantom ache of his new limb grate against his nerves. Ren’s tenacity is dangerous, and Hux is determined to maintain his cover as far as possible. He is proud to be Snoke’s creature, but he is also proud of his ability to pass as human. Hux’s secret is far too sensitive to fall into the hands of the knight - even Snoke, with all his infinite power, understands the value of secrecy. Usually Hux enjoys the game, but now the threat of discovery is causing him bitter anxiety. Captain Phasma has faced the brunt of Ren’s bad temper, which seems to be as childish as his overgrown features are in Hux’s memory. On several occasions the General has come close to cutting his ‘recovery’ short and marching onto the bridge to deal with the knight himself. ‘Sir?’ Hux’s daydreams of dressing down Ren in front of his bridge crew are cut short by noise from the door. His security com identifies the officer’s voice as belonging to Lieutenant Mitaka. The General sits up straighter in his standard-issue desk chair. Hux swiftly unplugs the wire which has been recharging him from the socket on his bicep. He is the most efficient, finely tuned machine in the Galaxy, to his knowledge, but the drain of Bakura has made it important for him to maintain a certain level of reserve energy at all times - the other reason that he hasn’t stormed onto the bridge yet, though he will never admit it to Phasma. ‘Enter.’ Mitaka is saluting when the door opens for him. He steps into the room, looking over his shoulder. Hux notices the nervous movement with a frown. ‘Is there a problem, First Lieutenant?’ Mitaka straightens until he is presentable, and shakes his head respectfully. ‘No sir. No problem. Captain Phasma ordered me to report: we are now twenty standard hours from the Csilla system.’ Hux acknowledges his lieutenant distractedly. His presence will be more than necessary during the Conference and his return to command is so close he can taste it. Mitaka looks as though he has something more to say. Hux has some inkling what it might entail. ‘Is that all, Lieutenant?’ ‘Sir… The Captain informed us that Re- that Lord Ren is to command the Finaliser at the rank of General. But surely the Supreme Leader cannot mean to-‘ ‘The Supreme Leader,’ Hux cuts off sharply, darkly, ‘has made his will known to the Captain and myself. Lord Ren does not hold a military position, but he does have access to the might of the First Order. For now .’ Mitaka’s misery is obvious. ‘It’s just-‘ ‘Speak plainly, Lieutenant.’ Mitaka stands up straighter, and his eyes finally meet Hux’s. ‘Sir. Ren has been… asking me questions.’ Hux has some idea what the “asking” must entail. ‘Questions? About the Finaliser?’ ‘No sir… Personal questions. About you.’ ‘Personal questions?’ Hux feels a deep, abiding sense of dread at the idea. Could Ren have uncovered his secret, already? Mitaka is peering at his superior officer worriedly. ‘Nothing restricted sir - your family history, education, succession to the flagship and so on. I wouldn’t have answered him but he was choking me. Without touching me, sir.’ Family history? Hux wondered if Ren was snooping around to find the gaping hole in the General’s past. Mitaka looks increasingly worried at the extended silence. ‘That will be all, Lieutenant. I will be resuming duties from the next shift. I will see to Ren personally then.’ Although he is still concerned, Mitaka is better trained than Kessen. He knows that a dismissal is always an order to leave immediately. The lieutenant salutes mutely and backs out of the door. Hux sighs and touches his left shoulder absently. He curses Ren for being the focus of so many of his conversations, when his energy would be better spent on planning for the Conference. Hux’s life could well hang in the balance - Snoke will expect his creation to unite the First Order without the constant threat of the Supreme Leader to motivate them all. And the commanders of the Order will have plenty of reason to stand against his leadership, after the debacle of Bakura. If he should fail, Snoke will have no further use for him If he should fail, Hux will have no further use for himself. Hux stretches, exhausted and irritated by the pull of his new arm. He is moving to plug himself back into the Finaliser when his enhanced hearing picks up a deep, reverberating hum from outside his quarters. Hux stands and strides to the door as his mind catches up with his legs - the sound is the crackle and buzz of a lightsaber. Hux punches the switch for the door and grimaces at the sight that greets him. ‘Ren. Release him.’ Kylo Ren has the pale, wide-eyed lieutenant pushed magically against one wall of the hallway, feet dangling. Both of the knight’s hands are wrapped around the hilt of his saber, levelling it at the young officer’s throat. Ren stares at him for a moment, as if shocked to find Hux actually standing in the entrance to his own quarters. ‘Now, Ren.’ Hux laces the command with steel. He does not know what he will do if Ren doesn’t comply. He will do something. Ren steps back once, releasing Mitaka. The young man sprawls across the floor, choking and grabbing at his throat. The man eyes Ren’s vicious red saber and reaches for his officer’s pistol. The saber comes back to rest near Mitaka’s neck and he freezes again. Hux finds it slightly impressive that the officer would think about standing between his General and Ren. However, anger is his primary emotion. ‘What the kriff do you think you’re doing? Boy. ’ Ren’s gaze meets the General’s, and there is a challenge in his eyes. Hux can only blink and stare back. Abruptly, the knight powers down his lightsaber and strides past him into his private quarters. Hux turns to find Ren standing at the foot of his bed, saber at his waist, masked-gaze levelled his way. ‘So glad to see you on two feet again, General.’ ‘Sir-‘ Mitaka is coughing and struggling to stand behind him. Hux waves a hand vaguely behind him. ‘Report to medical, Mitaka. Now.’ The General steels himself for a fight and steps back into his rooms, pressing a button to seal the doors behind him. * Ren takes in his quarters, but all he finds are the bare furnishings that are provided to every officer regardless of rank. Hux is not his own being. He is metal and skin, reanimated to serve a higher-purpose. Why would he need soft furnishings? What use would he have for mementos collected from the many backwater, Bakura-esque planets he has lost and won as an officer of the First Order? Ren’s gaze glances off the bare walls and returns to Hux. Hux watches Ren watch him. ‘You seem… remarkably restored, General.’ Ren’s voice is dry, deliberate, brimming with forced calm. ‘I was sure you would not survive your injuries. Your arm alone… The First Order must have a remarkable med-bay, for you to be discharged so early.’ Hux narrows his eyes and straightens his back. He walks away from the door, keeping his gaze to Ren, as if backing away from a sparring partner. His back is to the wall, his hands held loosely at his sides. He stops at the other side of the bed, looking across at Ren. His shirt-sleeve is still rolled up, the metal indents near his elbow just visible when they catch the light. Hux pulls the sleeve down hastily, feeling as though he has exposed himself. He straightens his shirt roughly, as if preparing for a fight. The General chooses the offensive. ‘You seem to have forgotten my words at our first meeting, Ren. Allow me to remind you: The Supreme Leader may have seen fit to grant you certain… liberties aboard my ship, but make no mistake. I command the Finaliser.’ Hux tries to keep his temper in check, his voice even. He can feel his body losing power as if there is still a hole in his stomach, bleeding energy. ‘I remember every minute from the hanger bay to the forest clearing, General. I remember the moment that your heart stopped beating.’ Hux grimaces at the thought that he might have a heart to beat. Hux’s blood and fluid is circulated without the aid of a single, feeble muscle. ‘Clearly you were distracted, Ren, a green soldier with your first taste of conflict. Had your head been clearer you would have seen that I was simply passed out.’ Hux feels a bit more in control when he catches the twitch of anger his words cause in Ren - perhaps he can exploit the knight’s doubts. ‘And why are you terrorising my officers, and maiming my droids for entry to my sick bed? Petulance at being proved wrong? Or are you looking to collect some perceived debt for your small part in saving my life?’ Ren seems taken aback. He takes a harsh step forward, but Hux is too relieved to have distracted the knight to be uncomfortable with the sudden proximity. ‘An interesting theory, General.’ Ren’s head cocks to one side - he is not yet angry enough to forget himself, Hux notes with disappointment. The knight changes tack. ‘You should sit. These are your quarters after all and you cannot be long out of bacta.’ Hux takes a moment to comprehend Ren’s words. When he does, he struggles to come up with a response. He finds his legs carrying him backwards, into the harsh, straight-backed chair on the right side of his bed. Ren takes a long, easy step forward, his hands still at his sides. Hux’s hands grip the thinly cushioned arm-rests of his chair. He senses Ren’s focus drawn to his left arm, then to his side. Hux feels the urge to curl into a protective steel ball around his patched-up diaphragm. He pulls a blurred memory of Ren’s wide, young, scared eyes staring down at him to remind him that Ren is not the faceless menace he pretends to be. Hux turns to anger to arm himself. He holds himself straight - almost mimicking Snoke in his regal posture. ‘I demand that you desist with terrorising my ship, Ren. Better yet, keep to your quarters. The events of Bakura will be difficult enough to account for in front of a Committee of generals without your presence casting a shadow over proceedings.’ Ren is slow to respond. When he does, it is too calculating for Hux’s liking. ‘I am also interested in hearing your account of the events of Bakura. Tell me General - were you not shot clean through with a blaster? Even with a week of recovery, to show no signs of distress is quite the medical feat.’ Ren takes a step forward; he now towers over Hux, too close for the General to move, too close altogether. ‘You will find the officers of the First Order tougher than you expect, my Lord.’ ‘With Commander Kessen as the exception? Who fell in the operations room while you miraculously escaped.’ Hux grits his teeth anxiously. ‘Our medical droids are capable of working miracles. When they are not sliced in half.’ Ren steps impossibly closer, forcing a bark ‘be careful Ren,’ from Hux’s throat. He wonders wildly if there is a hint of fear in his voice. Suddenly, Ren moves. Hux is groggy, slow to react, and unprepared for the way the knight reaches down and pulls at the shirt of his uniform. Hux grips Ren’s hands and push back, but he is not fast enough to stop the knight from pulling his shirt out of his trousers and exposing the pale, slightly shiny alloy patched against the skin of his belly. {{ initiate safety protocols }} A black, First Order boot connects with Ren’s middle and sends him stumbling backwards. Ren huffs in pain behind the mask. Hux splutters and rises from his chair angrily and unsteadily. ‘Get. Out.’ He is almost too angry to speak. Ren’s eyes are wide - Hux is too incensed to wonder how he can tell the expression behind the mask. ‘Now. Ren.’ Hux is bellowing. There are alarms ringing in his head. The quiet hiss of the door opening cuts through the tension. Ren whirls to find an Engineer standing in the doorway, silent and menacing. Hux feels a swell of relief, followed by a small pang of disgust at his own weakness. He watches Ren take in the Engineer, then turn back to the General. This conversation isn’t over, General.’ Hux opens his mouth to respond, but Ren has already swept past the slighter masked figure and out into Hux’s ship once again. The Engineer still stands in Hux’s doorway. It’s presence eases Hux’s anxiety slightly. He sinks back into his chair tiredly, his mind racing. The silent figure enters the room and gathers the wire behind Hux’s desk, bringing it over to him. It does not bother to tackle Hux’s shirt to find the port on his arm. Instead, it pulls Hux’s head forward to expose the switch under the General’s collar, and plugs him back into the computer. Hux feels a rush of calming energy sizzle across his worn circuits. He sinks gratefully back into his chair as the Engineer retreats, closing the door behind it. Hux sits in his chair and tries to find his calm. But Ren’s touch still prickles across his skin. Frustration distracts him like the itch of his ill-fitting shoulder. Hux has had too many tactical retreats in the last few weeks, in the place of victories. It takes hours before he can power down and finally relax. --K-- Kylo hurries towards the bridge of the Finaliser. The ship is approaching an unnamed planet deep in the Unknown Regions, a meeting point for First Order vessels. As the knight steps onto the bridge, he can see the frosty skies of the planet set against the darkness of space, and ringed by at least thirty vessels. The Finaliser is small in comparison to some of the Insurgent Class ships the First Order has managed to implement. It is clear from the collection of vessels visible through the bridge’s windows that the military insurgency has no shortage of firepower. Framed by the backdrop of the bow-window and the great ships moving beyond is a tall, slight figure standing to perfectly straight attention. General Hux is every bit the perfectly put-together General once more, very different from the jacket-less, wrong-footed man Kylo had set upon the night before. His arm is pulled behind his back, the other resting in a sling the same colour as his uniform, smart and inconspicuous. He holds himself as if he had not been shot by a Resistance blaster, let alone survived the epicentre of an explosion. Kylo feels both curious and confused by the sight. Standing next to Hux is Kylo’s new least-favourite person, Captain Phasma, who has barred him from the med bay and the General’s quarters almost successfully for the last seven days. Kylo reaches out his senses towards Phasma’s mind, pulling her words from her head as she says them. Hux’s mind is still little more than a soft buzz of static to him, so he is left to piece the rest of the conversation together himself. ‘-A full report sir.’ Phasma is concerned - because Hux is distracted. ‘General Hux?’ Hux asks her something. His concern only adds to her’s. ‘What kind of… personal questions?’ Kylo feels his muscles tense. His eyes are trained on the back of Hux’s head, as if he can read the General’s lips through skin and bone. Hux’s head turns a little, to take in the room. His gaze stops abruptly on Kylo’s masked face. He says something furtive to the Captain, though his expression remains neutral. ‘I… find that unlikely sir. Even given… recent events. It would be quite the leap to make.’ Curiosity burns through Kylo. ‘Well, sir. Near death experiences are… powerful catalysts. Perhaps his interest stems from… another source.’ Now it is Phasma’s turn to surreptitiously take in the bridge, and Kylo’s position in the shadows at the back. Hux waves a hand dismissively, and Phasma nods slightly in response. ‘As you wish, sir. We will be landing on planet U5346 within the hour.’ Hux turns on his heel to leave, marching across the bridge towards the door. The path brings him close to Kylo’s position against the wall. Kylo expects the General to avoid eye-contact, perhaps even to keep his head down, after the events of the previous night. Cold, green eyes meet his own beneath the mask, and there is the spark of a challenge in Hux’s steady gaze. He sweeps past without further acknowledgement. Kylo’s mind whirs with questions and his calm is lost once more to curiosity. Needless to say, the General is holding his interest. Chapter 3 : Act III: Snoke's Executioner Part II Summary: Hux nearly explodes from tension - sexual and otherwise. Phasma becomes a councillor, and gets punished for her troubles. And Ren breaks the Finaliser. Again. Notes: Wow this chapter fought me. Now that I read it back it's probably because it's a string of conversations, each one tenser than the one before it. I needed motivation to rewrite the mess that was my first draft, so I re-read the comments I've gotten on this fic so far. Then I blasted into a rewrite and I suddenly fell for this draft a bit. I hope you guys find some things worth reading in it too, and thank you for the lovely comments from the last two chapters. Hand on heart there will be more kissing and fighting in the next chapter than tense conversations. Okay enough promising things. Here's act three: --K-- The mask watches proceedings dispassionately, but behind it Kylo’s mouth is twisted in contempt of the circle of squabbling officers before him. Hux is seated at one end of the conference table, with Phasma standing at his right hand, and he seems equally disgusted. The duracrete bunker on the unnamed planet in the Unknown Regions is one of hundreds of rendezvous points for the First Order’s fleet, and its stale, recycled air is filled with the outrage of twenty-five outspoken senior officers. The knight of Ren is beginning to realise why his presence here was deemed necessary by his master. Despite a few notable victories, Hux is still a young, pale, unscarred face leading the officers of a once-great Empire. He may have been chosen by Snoke, but to the First Order his is little better than an imposter. There is something else, too: something which pushes the older officers in particular towards outright insubordination. Directly opposite General Hux sits Admiral Iyat, a grey-haired Star Destroyer of a man whose broad shoulders make Hux seem smaller in his padded black coat - a slim Interceptor whose best course of defence is to turn tail and run from the older commander. The black sling holding the General’s arm to his chest makes him seem even smaller. ‘Enough.’ Hux pounds on the table once and bellows. The polished synisteel clangs dully, quieting the din. Kylo winces at the way the action draws attention to the General’s healing arm. Hux looks over the officers in the room, every one of them a Colonel or above, except for Captain Phasma, who stands in the shadows opposite Kylo. ‘If the Resistance are allowed to get comfortable on Bakura they will be able to block a crucial supply route into the Unknown Regions. They will not need to bother cracking our encryption codes if they can simply starve us out. It will put all of our operations in the system in peril. ‘Furthermore, every officer in this room will recall the treaty that was signed on that planet.’ Hux’s mouth is a grim line. Many of the officers are subdued by his words. The surrender of the Empire had been signed on Bakura, just a hop skip and a jump away from Endor where Ben Solo’s parents had been celebrating their final victory against the Dark Side and the death of Darth Vader. It is no wonder , Kylo thinks, that the light of the moon through the trees unsettled me. That moon shone on my grandfather’s final defeat . ‘There is no question that we must retake the planet.’ ‘And risk losing more garrisons? More weaponry?’ Some officers have yet to be cowed. The grey haired Admiral stands with some effort opposite Hux, but the strength in his clenched fists is clear as he rests them on the table. ‘This is hardly the string of victories you promised us Hux. If you could not defend Bakura when it was under your control, you cannot hope to seize it again. You-‘ ‘It is Commander Kessen who should answer for the deplorable state of the Bakura base, Admiral . The planet is defendable, as long as rats aren’t allowed to burrow into the walls and set their traps.’ There is Hux’s anger, the seething rage that makes Kylo stand up straighter. ‘Fortunately, the Resistance saved us the trouble of disciplining Kessen ourselves for his incompetence and insubordination.’ There is a murmur of outrage at Hux’s obvious distain. The implied threat in his words may also be contributing to the way the Colonels and Generals, commanders all, shuffle uncomfortably in their chairs. ‘The Commander-‘ another officer begins to bluster. ‘Was a fool who should have been stripped on his position decades ago.’ Hux’s body vibrates with the force of his conviction, but his mind is calm and reflective. He is in control, for now. ‘As I said, this is not a discussion. It is not a question of whether Bakura can be taken - it must be taken.’ Kylo wonders if he can feel the burn of the blaster rifle cutting through his side, or the ache of his crushed limb, every time the word “Bakura" is uttered. He watches the General rubbing and twisting the joint of his left arm, as if trying to beat out a piece of dented metal. The knight’s back aches in sympathy at the sight. ‘So you claim, Hux.’ The General bristles at his unmentioned rank, but the Admiral only smiles. ‘Perhaps the question is whether you are capable of leading the attack. If it is so important that Bakura be retaken, perhaps the First Order would benefit from a more seasoned battle commander leading the charge - a commander who has not narrowly survived a recent defeat. Even if Kessen is, of course, to blame.’ Hux is now every bit as pale and drawn as he was when Kylo forced his way into his quarters, days ago. His anger appears more petulant than impressive next to the deep scars on the Admiral’s face. Kylo cannot forget that the last time Hux had this look on his face, it had been because the knight had put it there. He steps forward, without thinking. ‘The Supreme Leader has decided that General Hux will lead the charge. To question the General in this matter is to question Master Snoke him-‘ ‘Ren.’ Hux pounds the table once and snaps, as angry as Kylo has ever seen him. A female General stands up, further down the table. She has neither supported the General nor the Admiral so far. ‘What stake does this creature have in the discussion?’ She demands, glaring directly at Kylo. The knight wonders if she would be foolish enough to look at Snoke that way. She turns her glare on Hux. ‘Your lackeys won’t help you win favour here, General.’ Before Kylo can advance on her, Hux whips around to sneer at him. Then he turns back to the woman to show her equal contempt. ‘Lord Ren is the Supreme Leader’s proxy in these matters General Tarkin. For now. And it is the Supreme Leader himself from which these orders come. His is the only favour I am interested in courting, and the only military mind that needs consulting. I do not intend to fail him.’ Again seems to echo through Kylo’s head, a silent word amplified in the close air. The knight of Ren realises that he has pulled it from the minds of several officers around the room. He grits his teeth harder to stay silent, stoic, dispassionate. ‘From the Supreme Leader?’ General Tarkin asks, her eyebrow raised. ‘You doubt Leader Snoke’s judgement?’ Hux turns on her. ‘I have no doubt that the Supreme Leader understands the gravity of your defeat on Bakura.’ There, Hux’s arm definitely twitches. Kylo can almost feel the pain and frustration, hidden behind the General’s reflective mind. ‘However,’ Tarkin continues, ‘I find it hard to believe that he would order you to personally rally the troops to retake a base in your condition , General, particularly as you only just escaped the planet alive, with some help .’ Tarkin glares at Kylo again and he almost wishes he could take off his mask, to show her the contempt that Hux is communicating in the twist of his mouth. ‘Surely the Supreme Leader does not intend for you to fall on Bakura again ?’ He didn’t fall, Kylo itches to growl. He stumbled on the gantry, but he didn’t fall. Not until the final moments. And even then, he survived, against even my reckoning. Hux regards Tarkin coldly. ‘Thank you for expressing concern for my health, General. I will be fully recovered from the evacuation in a matter of days, as you can see, and I have no intention of falling in battle. The First Order is reaching a critical stage in its development as a force to shape the Galaxy for all time. The Supreme Leader trusts no one else to oversee-‘ ‘And what “critical stage” is that, Hux?’ Admiral Iyat forgets his place. Kylo itches to remind him of it. ‘It is not the first time you have used vague allusions to “great plans” in order to-‘ ‘If you do not have access to information regarding the First Order’s movements, Admiral, then it must be because you cannot be trusted with it. You will not interrupt me again.’ Hux is losing the room. He looks around and his gaze seems to slow as it skims over Kylo’s mask. ‘We will break for the day. If any of you have personal grievances you wish to lay before me, you will take them up with Captain Phasma. I will be aboard the Finaliser.’ Hux waves his hand dismissively. Officers around the table mutter and protest. The General stands and strides to the door. Phasma is ahead of him to open it as if she can read his mind. Kylo moves from his spot in the shadows to follow Hux, but the Admiral beats him to it. There, in front of every senior officer of the First Order, he reaches out and grasps Hux’s shoulder roughly. It is his left shoulder, clearly held in a sling. The action can only be deliberate. Kylo stops breathing, teeth clenched, and he steps forward instinctively. ‘You dare speak to me like that boy?’ The Admiral spits. ‘Your father-‘ The hum of a lightsaber cuts him off. The room has gone silent, every man and woman frozen and wide-eyed. The smell of burning wafts to them as the saber singes Iyat’s collar, nanometers from drawing blood. Phasma stills from her place in the doorway, her hand on the butt of her blaster. Kylo savours the taste of fear emanating from the Admiral’s mind. His lightsaber is a reassuring weight in his hand, urging him for more, for a taste of blood to complement the terror. The Admiral wheezes through his throat, as if afraid to breathe in case it moves his neck close enough for Kylo’s saber to slice flesh. But there is an edge to the Force, Kylo realises. The Knight of Ren looks up to find that it is Hux he is sensing. The General’s anger is clear and distinct for the first time, as if projected from his mind. It is hot, molten, and Ren feels himself shrinking back from it instinctively. ‘Ren. Remove your saber from my officer’s throat. Now.’ There is no vulnerability in Hux’s eyes, no pain from his wrenched shoulder, only anger. It is the same challenge Kylo has been finding from the General for days, a challenge which is both infuriating and intriguing. It makes his breath come faster. After a moment, Kylo sheathes his saber, acting on instinct again. He should be angry, he supposes, at Hux ordering him to do anything, but his heart is pounding in his ears and his eyes haven’t left the General’s. ‘Report to the Finaliser, Ren. I want a word with you.’ Hux spits. The General turns his gaze to Iyat, his lower lip curling. ‘I suggest you find a change of uniform, Admiral.’ The cut in the collar of his uniform would be barely noticeable, but for the fact that it is smoking slightly. Hux turns on his heel and marches away, with Phasma in tow. A squadron of troopers, all of whom had been standing to attention behind their Captain with hands on blasters, peel off and follow them. Behind the troopers comes Kylo, heading back to the Finaliser, and mentally preparing himself for another confrontation with the General. His heart is still pounding in his ears. --H-- --Going Backwards-- {{ sergeant hux }} Hux remembers a conference room, shabbier than the one on U5346, with staler air. But Hux wasn’t pretending to breathe. He had entered in the midst of a gruff argument, and he had silenced the room with his presence. The First Order had twelve founders excluding the Commandant, and every one was a personal friend of the man who once headed the Imperial Academy. Only three men sat in the dimly lit room. Iyat had not been there. None of the officers who had survived to rise to the ranks of Admiral or General under Snoke had been present. There were two officers which the Commandant had trusted to the end, men who knew about his obsession with resurrecting his son, and foiling Snoke’s attempts to take over the Order. For that, Hux knew they had needed to be eliminated. The Commandant had been pale. Hux remembers how he had shaken, in the silence, seated at the head of the oval synisteel conference table, staring wide-eyed at the young man with the red hair standing at the other end. They had been expecting Snoke to come through the door, and they had been planning to turn their pistols on him. ‘Who are you?’ The man on the Commandant’s left, General Boren, had asked, Hux’s oldest friend. There had been an inkling of understanding in his eyes. They had heard about the disappearance of Hux senior’s pet project - the remains of his son, chopped up and cloned and shoddily reconstructed, which had been stolen from the Commandant’s private laboratory. Driven mad by paranoia and Snoke’s whispered words, the Commandant had screamed that the Resistance, the New Republic, one of his own officers, that insidious little rat Snoke had stolen the cryo-statically preserved body of his son as a warning. Hux hadn’t responded to the question. Instead, he had reached into the pocket of his First Order uniform and pulled out a portable holo-projector. He had laid it on the table to his left and activated it. After a moment of static an image of Snoke had coalesced above the device. Snoke had greeted the men like old friends, smiling at the distrust he had successfully sewn between the founders of the First Order. Six of the twelve had already pledged themselves to the Supreme Leader, and three more needed little convincing before they would get used to his new order. Only the three gathered in this room were hopeless cases. Snoke was not there to negotiate, and neither was Hux. ‘Snoke, who is this.’ General Boren had demanded again. Snoke smile had been cruel. ‘This, General, Admiral, Commandant,’ Snoke had nodded at each officer in a mimicry of respect, ‘is Sergeant Hux. He will be acting as my proxy.’ The Commandant had choked at the words. ‘You won’t face us yourself Snoke? After attempting a takeover of our Order? You would send a ghost to try and haunt us?’ On the Commandant’s right, Admiral Sek had gone bright red with rage. Snoke had been sitting in his great chair, as he always is when he is holo-called. Though he did not tower over the officers as he does in the holo-chamber of the Finaliser, his presence and power were still tangible. ‘No.’ He had answered simply, unfazed. ‘I have made no attempt to take control of the First Order, I have succeeded in leading it down a path to glory. I have not tried to send you a ghost to haunt you…’ Snoke didn’t finish the thought. His disturbing mockery of a smile did it for him. ‘You stole him from me.’ The Commandant’s words had been barely audible. At the other end of the table, behind Snoke, Hux had appeared perfectly calm, his eyes expressionless. Inside a sick sense of fury, controlled but gathering speed and force, raced through his stomach. ‘Why?’ The Commandant had asked raggedly. The fury gathered in the pit of Hux’s stomach like a tidal wave rising towards his head, the only part of him that still belonged to an abandoned boy, and an absent father. Snoke had cocked his head to one side in a disturbingly human gesture. ‘I do not dole out destruction, Commandant. Nor do I smite those who defy me.’ He looked down on Hux senior from his throne, Hux junior at his right hand. ‘This is my power, a demonstration of it.’ Snoke leaned forward. ‘You think you can defeat me. But you are wrong. I am a holo-projection, Commandant - an insidious thought, a doubt, that has burrowed into the minds of your most loyal officers and turned them against you: the doubt that you could ever lead them to victory.’ The Commandant had swallowed. He had turned to his son. Hux remembers the silence and the noise with perfectly clarity. ‘Soren.’ He had said - he had begged. On either side of him, General and Admiral had shuffled uncomfortably, sensing the tidal wave looming above them. Snoke had smiled. ‘Sergeant. Earn your promotion.’ Hux had stepped forward. He had raised his hand. Grasped in that hand had been an officer’s pistol. He had shot Admiral Sek in the forehead. {{ captain hux }} He had shot General Boren in the neck as he fumbled for his own pistol. {{ colonel hux }} Hux had turned on the Commandant, and holstered his weapon. Brendol Hux senior hadn’t moved, hadn’t drawn the pistol at his waist. He had watched as his son advanced, still sitting in the chair at the head of the table. Snoke watched also, from his own seat. When Hux was within touching distance, the Commandant had broken. He had begged his son to speak, to show him that he was truly resurrected, more than a machine wearing his boy’s face. He had cursed Snoke and Soren and the android before him and tears had come to his eyes. His hands had shaken when they had gripped Hux’s lapels and his shoulders, where white and black bands proclaimed his rank. Hux had wrapped his hands around the sobbing man’s throat as his mouth ran away from him, offering his son a place at his side, begging him to speak, telling him that he had cried, he had cried for Brendol Soren Hu-. Hux had cut off his air until: {{ general hux }} --Going Forwards-- --P-- Phasma’s General paces from one end of the empty debriefing room to the other. They are aboard the Finaliser, now, but Hux is far from relaxed. The Captain has seen Hux stand for hours stock-still behind officers, waiting in absolute silence as they sit and sweat in one of the black chairs during a debriefing. The General is capable of intimidating even the most blustering of commanders, if he can get them in a room alone, at his mercy. Phasma believes that they start to sense, subliminally, that Hux is not quite human - that is what makes them sweat. But when it comes to Snoke’s apprentice, Hux begins to pace. He rushes through his patient, silent intimidation, straight towards spitting rage. He plays his cards too early, giving Ren the upper hand. Watching them face off makes Phasma uneasy - watching Hux wait for Ren makes her equally uneasy. ‘Does he think I will be cowed?’ Hux spits, turning with a flourish and pacing to the other side of the room again. Phasma is thrown by the question. ‘Sir?’ ‘Was it a display of force, Captain? Like the incident in my chambers - another “demonstration” that he is capable of overpowering me?’ Hux removes his sling and flings it on the table in disgust. It is dangerous, the Captain thinks, that he feels such a need to appear strong before Ren, to the point that he risks exposing his secrets. Hux continues. ‘As if he thinks I won’t turn my pistol on him if he so much as-‘ ‘Sir.’ Phasma interrupts Hux’s agitated muttering. ‘I do not believe that it was a display of force. If Ren was trying to intimidate you, sir, surely he could find a less convoluted way to-‘ ‘Then what? What’s his motive?’ Hux demands, pacing back towards Phasma. ‘Sir-‘ ‘He raised his saber against Admiral Iyat. The Admiral whose supporters almost outmatch my own - the Admiral who I need to move the fleet out of the Unknown Regions and towards Bakura.’ Hux’s shoulder twitches, and Phasma notices it like a psychiatrist assessing her patient, filing it away in her internal databanks. ‘He undermined me in the most damning way he possibly could - as if I were weak, unable to defend myself from kriffing Iyat off all people.’ Hux’s frustration bleeds through into his voice. It makes Phasma tense. ‘He forced the Admiral to release your, supposedly, damaged arm, General.’ ‘Your point, Captain?’ Hux snaps. Phasma gives her General an appraising look. He has not yet fully recovered from the ordeal of Bakura - his circuits drain fast, and they leave him looking haggard, as if he is not sleeping well. Yet there is fight in his eyes, put there by the Resistance’s victory, and by Ren’s cloying presence. He appears both strong and weak to her, hands clenched and teeth gritted, legs itching to recommence pacing the debriefing room. ‘I do not believe Ren is motivated by a wish to see you lose, Sir. However, I would not say that he supports you, either.’ ‘Your point?’ Hux demands again. ‘Sir,’ Phasma sighs, doing her best to satisfy him with an answer. ‘I do not think his actions were politically motivated, not as the Admiral’s were. Ren’s actions cannot be categorised within the same frame as those of your dissenting officers. It was not a premeditated attempt to undermine you.’ ‘Then why-?’ ‘Because your arm was damaged.’ Because he seems to have appointed himself as your protector, despite every logical reason for you to hate each other, she doesn’t say. Because I was sure he was going to destroy every medical droid on board, and strike me down with that same red saber along with Lieutenant Mitaka every time we barred him from entering the med bay, or the bridge, or your quarters. Except he didn’t, and I believe it is because he would not be able to explain his concern for you to himself, let alone to Snoke. She is even less likely to explain this to Hux. ‘You think this is still about-?’ At that moment, Ren enters the room, late. The General whirls to face him, conversation forgotten. And here comes the spitting rage, Phasma thinks uneasily - Hux’s fury is not quite as controlled as it should be. Ren still takes an infinitesimal, instinctual step back, Phasma notices, but she would not call him intimidated. She remains stood to attention in the corner of the room, watching her General carefully. ‘I ordered you here immediately Ren.’ Hux blusters. The knight is unmoved. ‘I don’t answer to you, General.’ Phasma’s hand twitches towards the butt of her blaster on impulse, one to which she wishes she could give in. The General attempts to tower over Ren - but Hux’s build is deceptively human, wiry but slim, typical of an officer’s son trained to wield a pistol and direct a battalion of stormtroopers. ‘Be that as it may, this is an order you will answer to. You will not lay a hand on one of the Supreme Leader’s commanding officers again. Is that clear?’ Ren bristles visibly. ‘It is the Admiral who needs a talk about laying hands, General. I touched no one. You will not try and order me again - Snoke alone is capable of that.’ Hux takes a step forward, and for a moment both men engage in a silent fight for dominance. Phasma watches without moving. Sometimes Hux would stand for hours. He would stop even the pretence of breathing, and let the silence stretch out, watching the minute lift and fall of the officer’s shoulders as their breathing increased, aware that they had made a terrible decision that would cost them dearly. The troopers are well-trained - it does not take more than a direct order for them to recount events exactly as they happened. The officers are another story. Phasma is a product of the trooper programme, and the lengths that the petty officers will go to in order to cover up their wrongdoings baffles her. But Hux can wait them all out, no matter how stubborn they are, until they break and confess to leaked intelligence, or bungled missions, or plots for self-gain. Hux barely lasts two minutes trying to intimidate Ren. He turns away with a disgusted noise, and goes back to pacing, there, in front of Snoke’s apprentice. Phasma’s body tenses in sympathy with the agitated, jerky movement of Hux’s limbs. ‘Will you take that kriffing mask off?’ He cries at last. The Captain is so shocked by the outburst that she makes one of her own. ‘Sir,’ she blurts out. Ren cuts her off. ‘And why would I do that?’ His voice is quieter, and petulance has been replaced by something else - curiosity, Phasma identifies after a moment. Ren is waiting to see what Hux will say next. The Captain shifts her weight to the balls of her feet, as if anticipating the moment when Hux will turn and throw himself at Ren to try and wrench the cowl off his head, and she will be forced to stand between them. But why would her General feel the need to remove the mask at all? Hux is muttering again. ‘Why do you insist on wearing it? Afraid your threats will fall flat if I can see that you are little more than a child with an acne problem?’ Behind her own mask, Phasma’s eyebrow is beginning to rise. Hux seems to be going slightly mad before her eyes. ’Is that it? Is it just another attempt to cover up your weakness, your humanity ? Ah, or is it for scaring small children? Or an homage to your grandfather complex perhaps?’ Ren steps forward, jerkily, violently, and Phasma advances herself. Hux turns to face him, readying himself for a fight. But Ren does not reach for his saber. Instead, after a pause, his deep voice issues through the slits of the mask. ‘Scaring small children is its primary function.’ There is a moment’s silence as Phasma and Hux both conclude that, yes, Ren just made a joke. Then Hux breaks it by spluttering. ‘Well. You’re certainly an accomplished wit, Ren. You’re about as amusing as a moisture vaporator, I’m sure. But perhaps that was an insult to your upbringing. Primary function, indeed. Tell me, were you taught Standard by a protocol droid?’ The conversation has turned. Phasma isn’t sure how, and she’s kriffed if she knows where it’s heading now. Then it turns again, when Ren slams a fist on the synisteel table in an alarming display of strength. ‘Silence, General.’ He warns ominously. Phasma wonders at the source of his anger. Hux seems to be searching himself, blurting out anything that he thinks could hit home. ‘A sensitive subject, Ren? Did you fashion that ridiculous headpiece in the style of the droid who raised you? Or perhaps it really is the grandfather complex - as the Supreme Leader suspects. Do you really believe that through your menacing silences and threatening breathing you can resurrect the legend of Darth-?’ Hux’s sneering is drowned out by the shuddering and crumbling of plaster as cracks spread over the ceiling. Phasma is thrown back suddenly to her memory of main operations, the fireball that had sent her flying into the far wall: the assumption that her General was dead - the belief that her only course of action was to get off the planet and take command of the Finaliser - the willpower it had taken to force herself to fall back, instead of wading into the fire and debris in search of a man she was sure could not have been killed by a simple explosion. She had known, with absolute certainty, that if she had stayed to drag Hux from the rubble, he would have had her thrown out of an airlock as soon as they were safe - for betraying protocol, even in order to save his own life. Phasma moves forward as Hux moves back, both of them reliving events that are best left forgotten. She ends up half-shielding her General with her chrome body. Ren is also shaken, but the crumbling subsides. He stands hunched over, hands on knees, panting loudly behind the mask. If Hux were human, Phasma is sure he would be panting too. ‘Ren.’ The General pushes out through gritted teeth. ‘Stop damaging my ship. If you cannot respect rank than you will be barred from all military operations - mark my words.’ Hux flicks his hand at Phasma and she retreats once more, aware of his displeasure at being treated as though he could fall victim to Kylo’s temper tantrum. ‘Consider them marked.’ The victory seems too easy to the Captain, though there is dust floating down in clouds from the cracks above them. ‘You should not have undermined my authority.’ ‘Would you rather I had taken off my mask, General?’ - another shift in the conversation. Phasma feels dizzy. She dearly wishes she could be in a strategy meeting or leading a squadron into battle - anything she could have more control over than this conversation. ‘What. No, I-‘ ‘Ah. That’s only something you ask me to do in private. I see.’ Ren is still short of breath. Phasma thinks he might even be lightheaded. That is her best explanation for this erratic conversation. The atmosphere goes from charged to awkward as silence stretches out before them. Hux coughs (Hux is an android, there is no possible scenario in which he needs to cough) and he brushes dust from his uniform. ‘Well then. Enough. Keep the mask. But keep your saber in your belt. We’re done here.’ After a beat, Hux sweeps from the room. After another beat, Phasma follows him. After ten paces she stops. She knows where he will be heading - the laboratory will be the most effective source of calm for his troubled mind. She knows, too, that he will want her to follow him there. But another certainty is that Ren will tail them both. Phasma stops and turns back towards the debriefing room. She shrugs out her shoulders and checks the safety on her blaster, preparing to waylay Ren. It is all in a day’s work. * Ten gruelling minutes later, the Captain has successfully deterred the knight (she is now quite sure that there is something wrong with him), and she has made her way down to Hux’s laboratory. Phasma doesn’t get tired. She has fewer hours off-rotation than any other captain in the First Order, yet when she is on-duty she is never too fatigued to serve her General. Still, the repeated conversations about Ren, about the faction of officers led by Iyat who question Hux’s authority, about the General’s faulty replacement arm, about retaking Bakura, are starting to grate. The Captain lost many men on Bakura. Most of Commander Kessen’s division never made it off-planet. The garrison that Hux had stationed to reinforce the base were also decimated by the attack. The death count does not trouble Phasma. She does not mourn the faceless stormtroopers who have fallen in battle - she prefers that they keep their masks on, and she steers clear of medical, when Ren isn’t there trying to rip his way into the bacta units, of course. Phasma is hardly sending holos to the families of fallen troopers - families who had their children ripped away from them as part of her “recruiting” programme. Nor does she particularly hate the New Republic, or particularly respect Snoke. But Hux does respect Snoke, absolutely, and he says that Bakura must be retaken. Phasma will see that it is. General Hux is standing with his back to her in the dark, cavernous lab when she enters. Phasma knows that he finds much more solace here than in his quarters, or on the bridge. The circuits and the engineers and the rows of frozen cloned bodies don’t disconcert her General, they empower him - they show him that he is post-human, that he has survived multiple blaster wounds and explosions in the last two weeks alone. They remind him what he has survived to stand up in a room of First Order commanders and demand their respect. Phasma wonders if they remind him that he should also demand Ren’s respect. She removes her mask out of respect before addressing her General. ‘Sir?’ Hux does not acknowledge her presence at first. Instead, he walks into the room, towards the rows of metal gurneys. On each one are inanimate bodies, their faces identical to his but their eyes vacant. None of the clones are truly functional - it is the General’s brain which animates them. Phasma notes that many of the bodies have the flesh of their left arms peeled back to expose internal wiring and drained fluid. Hux has been experimenting on his limbs. ‘It’s still acting up.’ He is speaking about his arm, of course. Hux rubs the joint where arm meets shoulder irritably. ‘Though there is no good reason for it. My body should have accepted the replacement after a matter of days.’ ‘Sir.’ Phasma does not want to say this. Her comments will not be well received. ‘Have you considered that the… irritation of your arm may not be physiological?’ Hux turns to stare into Phasma’s grey eyes. ‘Of course it is physiological.’ His tone is sharp. ‘I am an android.’ It does not need to be said, not to her. She watched the droids and the engineers peel away his flesh to rewire his chest and replace his steel bones. Phasma changes tack. ‘Your argument with Ren was. Well, it wasn’t an argument, sir.’ ‘Do we have to talk about this now?’ Phasma chooses to ignore the fact that Hux is usually the one to bring up Ren. The Captain would really rather put off this discussion, but she is still concerned by what she has just witnessed. ‘Sir.’ ‘If it wasn’t an argument then what do you suppose it was, Captain? A friendly discussion?’ {{ cease and desist }} Phasma knows she should stop. But if Hux is agitated, then she is agitated too. ‘”Would you rather I take off my mask?” “Only in private?” Sir, I would categorise that as- as teasing.’ Hux’s attention is drawn away from a white-skinned, red-haired body with one arm cut away. He stares at Phasma in shock in the cold, dark lab. ‘Ren was teasing me? That is what you think?’ ‘Perhaps not teasing exactly.’ {{ abort }} Phasma should stop. {{ abort }} She should shut her mouth. {{ abort }} It is not her place to- ‘I- flirting, sir. I would categorise it as flirting.’ Hux is struck speechless. Phasma stares down at the pale body to her right, as a silent engineer removes a long string of wiring from its open chest. She can feel her General’s incredulous gaze on her face. Her mouth twists into a grimace. Suddenly she knows exactly why Ren wears a mask. Hux turns abruptly and strides towards the other end of the lab. Phasma follows silently. Another set of gurneys appear out of the gloom. Phasma knows what these are - her grimace deepens. These are punishment - for saying something that has shaken her commander into speechlessness. The bodies on the gurneys here do not have red hair. Their hair is blonde. Hux walks her down the line, silent. Some have their chests ripped open, some have their limbs torn off. Phasma does not take the same strength from seeing the wiring and processors and fluid behind the perfectly human flesh that Hux does. Her General is punishing her. ‘Your opinion has been noted, Captain.’ To her right, an engineer is delicately removing the arm of a mindless clone, whose eyes are directed blankly at the ceiling. The clone’s hair is blonde, and her eyes are grey. Phasma knows those eyes - she sees them stare back at her in the mirror. ‘I suggest you find evidence to support your claims before you bring them to me again, Captain. You are dismissed.’ ‘Sir.’ Phasma salutes and dons her helmet. The visor narrows her vision ever so slightly so she no longer has to watch the engineer’s painstaking progress. ‘Oh and Captain.’ Hux’s voice has lost its edge. Now it sounds more forgiving - more curious than disturbed. ‘Sir?’ ‘Order the Admiral to report to me - invoke the Supreme Leader’s name if you have to, but get him aboard the Finaliser. This farce needs to end, now. No more Ren, no more Iyat. We are turning around and heading back to Bakura at light speed, tomorrow, with a plan of attack. Go.’ The Captain beats a hasty retreat. --H-- ‘Admiral.’ The anxiety has not quite left Hux. It is as if his mind started racing in main ops when the sky fell down, and it hasn’t stopped screaming at him to run since. The Admiral refused to meet him officially, in a debriefing room. Hux was relieved to hear it. Iyat is not late for their meeting on the starboard viewing platform of the Finaliser. He is early, as if it is General Hux who was summoned by his superior. ‘You wanted to see me General?’ The Admiral does not turn away from surveying the grey planet around which the First Order’s fleet are in orbit. He is from the old school of Imperial politics: a graduate of the Academy. He does not opt for open insolence. Yet there is an edge to his dry tone that makes his every word seem sarcastic and mocking. Hux watches the Admiral notice the lack of sling over his shoulder and raise his eyebrow. He isn’t sure he can bear to show further weakness, even if it means giving Iyat yet another thing to distrust him for. Hux doesn’t need the man’s loyalty - he’ll never get it. All he needs is for Iyat’s fear of Snoke to override his hatred of Hux. The General needs to sink his teeth into a victory at last. Hux stands a good arm’s length away from the Admiral and directs his eyes at the planet below as well. ‘We need to retake Bakura,’ he begins after a moment. ‘There is no question of us not retaking Bakura. Its location is crucial to our operations in the Unknown Regions, operations to which you are not privy. Bakura is the planet on which the Empire shackled itself to the New Republic. It represents an embarrassing loss for the First Order which we cannot allow to go unpunished. There are more reasons, but they all amount to the same thing: It is imperative that we retake control of the planet.’ The Admiral smirks, pulling at the scars along his face. ‘Yes.’ ‘Yet you continue to challenge my authority. As if our next move is anything less than self-evident.’ ‘Self-evident?’ The Admiral turns to face Hux full-on. Hux turns to stare back, steely-eyed. ‘You think it self-evident that your failure be conveniently forgotten? A failure you yourself admit to be embarrassing, from which you barely escaped alive? Another way that you fell short of expectations, Soren , expectations that you-‘ ‘You will never call me that again, if you wish to keep breathing, Admiral Iyat.’ Hux’s eyes burn with restrained fury. He is close to Iyat now, within spitting distance. But the older man does not intimidate him by bring up his childhood - he only fuels his anger. Hux faces Iyat’s arrogance with cold fury. ‘You will order General Tarkin and myself to lead the counterstrike, and we will share the victory between ourselves. You will tell the “Supreme Leader” that-‘ ‘Admiral,’ Hux hisses, ‘you will shut your mouth before you say something that will force me to shoot you.’ ‘You aren’t going to threaten to strangle me?’ The Admiral had not been the first to pledge allegiance to Snoke, but nor had he been among the last, one of the original thirteen founders. He had betrayed the Commandant, but the way he looked at Hux, he seemed to have convinced himself he was loyal to the end. ‘You think you’re capable of retaking Bakura, Hux? While you were training under Snoke, did you gain much battle experience? From simulations perhaps? You will find the reality of it very different.’ Ah yes, Hux thinks sarcastically - the convenient, confused rumour that Hux had abandoned the Commandant to join Snoke, and that the Commandant in grief at his betrayal had let it be known that his son was dead. It is an interesting theory. If only Iyat knew the real story. Hux snorts - he is sure it would only be yet another reason for the Admiral to despise him. ‘I served in five Imperial wars,’ Iyat continues. ‘And you are little more than a boy when it comes to-‘ ‘I am a General of the First Order, and I answer to no one other than the Supreme Leader.’ ‘You are Snoke’s executioner, Hux, nothing more. Tell me, who promoted you to that rank, to any rank? Only a military officer is capable of promoting another, and Snoke certainly isn’t an officer of the First Order. So who-‘ ‘Take your pick.’ Hux smiles suddenly, stepping forward again until he is nose-to-nose with the Admiral. His voice is lowered to a whisper. ‘Choose an officer - anyone would do it. You would promote me yourself, Admiral, if the Supreme Leader ordered you. Please, don’t bother to develop scruples now . Perhaps I should report to Snoke that you require a demonstration of his power?’ Hux pauses. ‘He has given you an order, Admiral. Will you listen to it? Or will you be eradicated, like so many before you?’ Hux steps away, finding his proximity to Iyat vaguely disgusting. ‘We will begin strategising for the Battle of Bakura in four hours time aboard this ship. You will be there or you will not.’ He turns back to the viewing platform. ‘I could care less.’ Admiral Iyat splutters and coughs and turns to go. He says something else - a personal threat against the General, an expletive, or something similar. Hux doesn’t hear it - he knows he has won, and he will waste no more time on Iyat now. Reflected in the reinforced full-length window, a uniformed officer smiles back at him, triumphant. On his shoulder are the two white-rimmed bands marking him as a General. They are going back to Bakura. They are going back to battle. No more talk of Ren, or teasing, or dissenting officers, or his arm. Now, there is only time for strategising. Hux rubs his shoulder absently, his eyes on the stars. Chapter 4 : Act IV: Snoke's Executioner Part II Summary: Hux revisits his past, Kylo "helps him recover" (pretty tamely admittedly), Phasma gives some awkward advice, and many many people die. The words 'panic' and 'vicious' are used quite a lot... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) —H— Hux watches the stars. Admiral Iyat has left long ago, but the General is unwilling to move from the window of the observation deck. He should return to the bridge, brief Phasma on the discussion he has just had, and oversee preparations for their return to Bakura. The thought of filling in paperwork in the dark, harsh lines of his quarters is much more appealing. Hux shakes himself, making eye-contact with the cool green optics reflected in the window. He needs to put some distance between himself and this conversation. The Captain will perform exemplarily without him, he is sure. Forcefully breaking his stare with the dull, reflective eyes, the General sets a steady pace towards the stern, and his ship’s living quarters. The corridors are abuzz with a constant exchange of officers shuttling to and fro among the ships of the First Order fleet and the planet below. Hux focusses on the sensation of his ship expanding and contracting - personnel marching down corridors like platelets through the blood vessels of a beast recovering from infection. The Finaliser is regaining its strength, and so is he. Hux’s hand moves unconsciously to cover his left side as he presses on. When he is within reach of his solitude, Hux’s path is blocked by a crowd spilling out into the hallway. Troopers and officers who should be spending their break in the mess hall or the rec. rooms have gathered together, murmuring and jostling each other. Their eyes do not see the General - their faces are turned away, towards the entrance to the ship’s training halls. The Finaliser is not a ship built to house an army, unlike the ships commanded by commanders Iyat and Tarkin, whose hulking behemoths condition, train and house formidable forces of troopers. However, Hux’s ship does have state of the art facilities - stormtroopers require constant combat to avoid becoming sedentary and insubordinate. Daily training is private and uninteresting, certainly not a spectator sport. Hux is torn between the need to oversee his own ship, and the need to escape the crowd. A woman in an orange haz-mat jacket in front of him turns to call out to a friend, and her eyes land on the white bands on the shoulder of the General’s coat. She hastily steps aside, pushing a helmet-less trooper back (an appalling breach of protocol). Several others look towards the source of the commotion, and Hux finds himself funnelled towards the front of the spectators. His choice has been made for him. Feeling detached are foreboding, the General moves forward. The training hall sits below, the gantry above usually deserted but for the officer on duty. Today the bodies below are not clad in white armour and there is no overseer in sight. The noise of the crowd dips slightly as more become aware of the General’s presence, and Hux realises that the voices have a rhythm, a rise and fall, almost like music. When he looks down and sees the action below, he realises that the “oohs” and “ahs”, the gasps and the barks, correspond with sharp, brutal movements and vicious strikes. For a moment a stab of shock pushes through his clouded gaze, as Hux looks down on multiple Rens, dancing around each other with sabers drawn. But the figures are different - their masks have distinct shapes and their weapons vary. There is Kylo, among them. They are the knights, Hux realises, the knights of Ren. Black robes swirl and pull apart, accompanied by the hum of electricity and the violent slash of weaponry. The masks are black and sliver, glinting in the stark light of the training room. High above, Hux watches the grooved silver brow that he recognises. The obvious grace of the man’s movements takes Hux back to the battle, momentarily. He finds himself following Ren with his eyes as the knight dips and weaves and kicks, sending his opponents rearing backwards to a chorus of low gasps. There are five attackers, all targeting each other. One backs out of the fray when their staff is disarmed with a flick of Ren’s wrist. Hux does not know how long he stands watching Ren slowly gain the upper hand, taking a blow to his head, singing his cape on a humming blade, kicking another knight to the floor. When he has overpowered them all, Kylo steps back and looks up, and despite his mask Hux can still feel their gazes lock. Unsettled, Hux looks away, to the other side of the gantry, and he feels glass in his throat. There, surrounded by crowds of officers, is Iyat. Or perhaps Hux is hallucinating. Surely Iyat would have stormed back to his ship, incensed - he would not have come here, to heckle at the robed warriors, a smug grin on his face. Except Hux is an android, incapable of hallucination. Hux feels his skin prickle, as if he has begun to sweat, though it is as dry and cool as ever. He barely sees the figures whirling below. He no longer watches Ren’s face turned up to his, the knight ignoring his comrades as they begin to fight again. The General’s hands reach out to grip the gantry railing as he is thrust back into the past by the imprint of Iyat’s smile - into Soren’s half-preserved, half-destroyed memories, warped by the agony of being ripped from body to body by an unforgiving father. — Going Backwards — He is young - dressed in his scuffed borrowed Academy uniform, his hair limp, his eyes red and swollen. He has spent the night crying, after a screaming match with the Commandant which ended in a sound beating, and Hux limping back to his bed trying not to wake up the fifty cadets who shared a room with him. Soren. It is Soren who limped. Soren had tried to cry quietly, mourning his mother - the harsh, sharp female soldier who had stood between her gentle son and the expectations of the Order. His father hand no been drunk that night - he had been tired, and absorbed in his plans, and he’d had no time for his son’s weeping, screaming delusions that Comm. Hux had been responsible for the death of the love of his life. Soren had wandered through his classes in a daze, jostled by disgusted classmates, barely able to open his red eyes. When he had entered combat training, he had kept his back to the wall, and rigidly straight, as he always did in Iyat’s classroom. But the back of the room was reserved for the students who were gifted in combat, those that did not need to join in the demonstrations. Soren had been pushed by small hands, hands rough, and bigger than his own, to the front of the group. The forbidding, scarred figure of Instructor Iyat had entered the room wielding a wooden sword, theatrical as always, his face dark and grim. Hux senior was the head of the Imperial Academy first, and the head of the First Order second, and all of his comrades had been charged with teaching the next generation their values before the Resistance could cleanse them from the Galaxy. Iyat had never been suited to dealing with children. But he had taught, in order to secure his place in the Commandant’s good graces. He would do more than teach, in order to win favour. Soren had been singled out: he had seen it in the look in Iyat’s eyes as he was pushed forward. As one of the Commandant’s trusted men, Iyat had been asked to perform a favour, one he relished. Soren had staggered into the open padded room. He had stood before Iyat, thin-limbed and sleep-deprived. He had been crying all night, kicked now and then by the feet of the boys around him as they pretended to move in their sleep. He had dozed for an hour in the morning out of sheer exhaustion. He had been bruised and sore and fragile when he had been forced to rise and iron his uniform for the new day. Iyat saw the evidence of this in Soren’s face at he smiled at it. Soren had been thrown a wooden sword - small, a child’s weapon, not one with which a boy of his years should be practicing. The weapon was fumbled in Soren’s sleepy grip, dropped to the floor amidst laughter. —Hux remembers this in contrast to the brandishing of a new force weapon in the training hall below, moving in an elegant arcs, sending one knight to their knees in a single stroke. Dimly, the General wonders how long the infernal creatures have been on his ship without him knowing. Engrossed in Soren’s torment, Hux is pulled back into the memory.— ‘Some of you may think,’ the instructor addressed his class, ‘combat training unnecessary for an officer.’ Iyat brought his own wooden sword in a lethal arc which landed on Soren’s unprotected, skinny ribs. The cadet fell to his knees with a pained mewl. ‘Get up boy.’ Iyat’s face was disgusted and terrifying. Soren staggered to his feet, perfectly winded, his lungs spasming in shock. ‘You may think that officers of this or any order have no need to learn how to wield a sword, or fight hand-to-hand, or do more than aim a blaster.’ The second strike landed on Soren’s neck, making him gag and stumble left. —In the gantry, one hand on his side, the other on the railing, Hux’s eyes stare unfocussed at Iyat’s smug grin.— Soren tried to bring his sword up, tried not to cry. The music of the crowd was not composed of restrained gasps, —like the ones echoing in Hux’s ears.— It was made of startled, young laughter - cruel, bright, and conducted by their instructor. ‘You may even ask what use there could be for this demonstration at all.’ Iyat casually disarms Soren. The strike almost dislocates the boy’s arm. A smirk played on Iyat’s thin lips as his pupils laughed and cheered. ‘But you cannot rely on your weapon to protect you. A soldier must be equipped for more than battle - they must be able to defend themselves from anyone.’ Iyat threw his own sword aside for dramatic effect. ‘Particularly if they antagonise their allies. Have you been antagonising your allies, boy?’ Iyat takes a single step closer, and Soren cowers back, his sword raised limply. There is nowhere to go - behind him is a wall of heckling young bodies. ‘Have you been keeping them up at night with your whimpering? Blaming them for your weakness? Bringing down the your fellow cadets? You need to be as wary of friends as you are of foes.’ The muscular man charged at Hux suddenly. Terrified, the boy shook uncontrollably and tried to cover his head with his thin arms, sword forgotten. Vicious blows landed on Hux’s sore limbs before Iyat grasped his red hair between blunt fingers. ‘How disappointing, Soren. You have not been practicing your drills. Haven’t your peers been helping you improve? No?’ Etched in Hux’s mind, vividly, was Iyat’s toothy grin as the man stared down at him. ‘Who would be so good as to help Soren practice?’ Several hands flew up. Hux-Soren-Hux could not hold back the panic any longer. — Going Forwards — He becomes aware that he his hunched over, his hands gripping the gantry railing, his head bowed, his eyes closed. He doesn’t dare look up to see if his smug vision of the Admiral is as real as it had seemed. He cannot remember, for a moment, if he is an android, or a boy. Hux resets his optics, and realises he is looking down, directly into the black slits of Kylo Ren’s mask. Ren’s face is still turned upwards, clearly watching him, and Hux stares back. The spectre of Soren’s broken memory lies in the back of his mind, straining his systems. Ren is still staring up at him, ignoring the other knights and the crowd, watching the anguish play across Hux’s face. {{ warning : low power : switching to reserves }} Hux steps backwards - he should not have come here. He forces the crowd to part for him once more and strides away. His brain is a mess of sparking wires, confusion and repressed panic as he thunders towards the officers’ quarters. —K— The pull towards Hux’s rooms is almost magnetic. Kylo needs to stay in the training halls. The other knights have been isolated for years, and they are as unused to company as he is. Curbing their tempers is up to him, and the controlled violence of combat practice is all that is keeping them from setting on each other, with the intent to kill. But Kylo needs to know where Hux is, and why he looked so lost, amidst the crowd, staring blankly down at the knight. He needs to know with an urgency bordering on panic. ‘General,’ Kylo calls out when he has caught up to Hux, in the corridor to the superior officers’ quarters. They are deserted, outside of shift rotation, and Kylo is relieved - no one else should see Hux this pale and drawn, this wide-eyed and vacant. The General does not give any indication he has heard the knight, unlocking his quarters and slipping inside. Kylo pushes his way into Hux’s rooms before the doors can close automatically. Still, Hux does not speak. When he turns and takes in the knight, he seems to be incapable of speech. Standing there, the tallest object in Hux’s room, Kylo finds himself unsure what to do next. The pattern of shout-and-response that he has been perfecting with the General is not playing out. The expression on Hux’s face is fragile. Kylo feels an undeniable urge to break the oppressive silence, to cut through it with a strike of his saber, to make Hux’s clouded eyes focus on him, and go from grey to green once more. He reaches up and removes his cowl. Maybe it is because Hux looks as though he is drowning in his own thoughts, and the expression is startlingly similar to his face, upturned to the moon, in the clearing of trees, a memory that Kylo has played back many times. ‘General.’ The sound of Kylo’s voice, unmuffled, and the movement of his bare lips, seems to jerk Hux into motion. ‘Ren,’ he spits, his back straightening. ‘When were you going to inform me that there are several additional… masked menaces aboard my ship?’ Kylo blinks at the General’s enraged expression. Hux’s eyes avoid his - they are not the piercing gaze the knight has come to expect. ‘They arrived as per the Supreme Leader’s orders, three hours ago. I was also not informed in advance of their coming. The Supreme Leader will brief me shortly - I believe they are joining the effort to retake the planet. The Supreme Leader has not spoken to you about his plans for the battle?’ For all the General’s talk of “Snoke’s plans” and “the Supreme Leader’s will”, evidently he had thought that the battle would be his to coordinate. Hux has lost the faith of his master, and his eyes go wide and vulnerable as he realises it. ‘And what do you want?’ Hux’s posture becomes hunched, defensive. Kylo notices that one hand is resting protectively on his side - near the wound he sustained on Bakura. Kylo wonders how well it has been healing. His own injuries faded after days of meditation, sealing into shallow, pockmarked scars. Kylo wonders if Hux has kept any scars from their escape. He remembers the flash of skin when he pulled at Hux’s shirt, revealing part of a flat stomach, oddly shiny in the dim glow of his quarters. ‘Ren? What do you want?’ Hux’s voice has become impatient. Kylo fumbles for an answer. ‘I wanted-‘ W hat do I want from the General? Kylo wonders. He has spent most of the last few days incensed at being admonished over his treatment of Iyat, trying to tail Hux and Phasma at every opportunity, and watching the Admiral from the shadows wherever possible. He can sense Phasma’s concern when he is in her presence, her wariness of him but also of Iyat, and of the impending battle. Then there is the Admiral’s mind - when he is near Iyat Kylo’s Force sensitivity makes him feel ill, as if the unpleasant man’s brain is coated in asbestos. The rage he directs at the knight is negligible, but the rage he directs at Hux is poisonous. ‘I wanted to talk to you… about Iyat. You may think he can easily be disregarded, but his mind is-‘ ‘I have already dealt with the Admiral.’ Hux’s face seems to spasm before he can force out the words. ‘I do not want to know anything of his mind.’ ‘But-‘ ‘Drop it, Ren.’ ‘General,’ Kylo hisses, gratified at least to see some real anger in Hux’s gaze now. ‘The Force allows me to know many things of many people, and Iyat-‘ ‘I said drop it, you kriffing eopie!’ They make an interesting tableau: Hux’s hands have grasped onto the front of the knight’s tunic, pulling him forward and down, until both men are almost at eye-level. Kylo’s back is curved over the General, looming slightly, but it his Hux who looks menacing, his teeth bared and his grip iron-strong. Kylo is stunned. Staring into Hux’s incensed eyes, the knight realises that they have lost their cloudiness, and returned to their usual, piercingly clear hue. They stand, frozen, for a moment. ‘Why,’ Hux murmurs, almost to himself, ‘have you taken off your mask?’ It is as if only now is he seeing Kylo properly. Kylo feels a stab of relief, but finds he has no response. ‘I-‘ He tries to pull back from Hux’s grip but it is surprisingly strong. The knight searches the eyes of the General, and finds Hux doing the same to him. ‘Hux? What is-?’ Kylo feels the confusion surface again, that frustrating curiosity that eats at him when he is around Hux - Kylo cannot say whether Hux is his enemy, why he should care where that anguished expression comes from, how he is going to be able to live in such chafing proximity to the man and yet how he is also meant to stay out of the General’s private affairs. Hux is fascinating. Kylo’s face drifts closer to Hux’s - down, down. Hux’s grip of his tunic tightens, guiding him closer. One mouth touches the other, then pressed down. Kylo’s hand comes up to grip Hux’s black uniform at the collar, to mirror Hux’s own position. The other, he is dimly aware, still holds his cowl. The knight lets his mask fall to the floor with a dull thud. Now free, the other hand rushing up to the nape of Hux’s neck. Their lips are still locked. Kylo pushes down to deepen the kiss, a slight, torn-off sound escaping as his fingers brush through soft red hair. He meets resistance: Hux’s skin is solid and strong; his mouth is cool, and tightly shut, and absolutely unyielding. His limbs shake imperceptibly. Kylo’s tongue licks along the seam of the General’s lips, which are hard and smooth enough that they might have been carved out of stone. Still, the knight is sure he hears a sound in the back of Hux’s throat, somewhere between a moan and a gasp. Kylo can feel the brush of the General’s hair against his forehead, the softness of the locks in his fingers, the starch of the black collar, the smoothness of the pale skin of Hux’s throat. Fumbling, and starting to overthink, wondering why Hux isn’t responding, how they ended up in this position at all, Kylo pulls back slightly. He does not get far enough to break the kiss. Hux surges forward, the force of him pushing Kylo backwards. The General’s hands let go of his tunic to grip Kylo’s shoulder blades instead. When Hux groans again, his mouth opens, and Kylo takes advantage of it. His tongue sinks in, and his right hand moves from Hux’s hair to grip the General’s shoulder, trying to pull his body impossibly closer - every cool, thin line of it. Suddenly, Kylo is pushed backwards, but this time Hux does not go with him. The General’s hand is unforgiving steal as it drags them apart. Kylo releases Hux’s left shoulder. He realises, through a haze of arousal, that he has just gripped the damaged arm, the one that the Admiral took hold of days earlier. Kylo’s eyes are as wide as they can get, gazing into the General’s, which are shockingly clear. Hux’s expression is not disgusted, or angry, but instead as shocked as his own. His mouth is slightly parted, and ever-so-slightly swollen, but as pale as ever. Kylo feels the urge to take advantage of the gap between Hux’s lips, again, and try to delay having to piece together his actions. Hux doesn’t give him the opportunity. He straightens fully, his eyes flicking away from the knight and down to the mask discarded on the floor. Kylo watches intently, in silence, waiting for the anger to rise. There is something crawling out of his stomach - a frustration just waiting to turn into rage when Hux reverts to shout-and-response once more. His right hand still hovers in the air by Hux’s arm. Hux licks his lips, as though nervous, and the action makes Kylo swallow, hard. Then, Hux clears his throat, a deliberate sound. ‘Yes, well,’ the General says, tentatively. It is not the ragged, angry accusation Kylo had been expecting. Hux blinks twice, his limbs still shaking, and Kylo wonders if the man is going to collapse sideways, onto his bed. Instead, Hux takes four stumbling steps across the room and sinks into his desk-chair. ‘This area is restricted to officers only, Ren.’ In a nervous gesture, Hux begins straightening his uniform, rubbing at the creases pulled in it by Kylo’s hands. ‘You should remove yourself immediately.’ Hux’s voice is not gruff, or croaky, but perfectly flat, as if Hux needs to have himself in rigid check in order to form words. Kylo bends to pick up his helmet, his back to Hux, but he can feel the General’s gaze on him. When he probes at Hux’s impenetrable mind, he finds that instead of a wall that is molten hot, scalding to the touch, he finds a more malleable warmth. When Kylo tests it with the Force, that mental wall suffuses his body with its warmth, a sensation unlike anything he has felt in the Force before. Aware that he should leave, but reluctant to go, Kylo allows himself one final ridiculous action before he has to face what he has done. He crosses the room in three strides, his legs longer than Hux’s, so he is standing before Hux’s chair. ‘Ren,’ Hux says warningly, but without the venom usually packed into his tone. Kylo’s right hand, the offending one, comes up again but instead of gripping it ghosts along Hux’s cheek, and behind his ear, into his soft hair. ‘Of course, General.’ His voice is gruff. Kylo turns and exits the quarters without another word. Outside, Kylo turns and heads back towards the training rooms. Days away form his first true taste of battle, there is much work to do, and the nervous energy coursing through his body requires an outlet. There may not even be time to think of Hux, or what has passed between them, or its implications when Kylo has to face his master, at least for the next few days. No, there will be no time to consider Hux at all. Except, perhaps, in Kylo’s dreams. —P— Captain Phasma has not seen her General for a full twenty-four hour shift cycle. She has seen many other Generals, including Tarkin, whose stubbornness was bloody and irritating in the strategy meeting that Hux failed to attend. Word has reached them from Snoke that his magic-wielders are to play a role in the battle to come, and this has incited a fresh wave of outrage from the commanders of the First Order. Phasma has been left to shout down the dissenters on her own. The Captain has seen plenty of the knights of Ren as well. The troopers have continued with their duties, but the officers have become jittery and unpleasant, terrified of the shadows that now stalk the Finaliser. Phasma has been forced to address them collectively in a discussion that more or less boiled down to: “don’t get in their way, whatever you do.” Still, Ren seems to be keeping his terrible foursome more or less under control, and he has been slightly less than insufferable himself, for the time being. Phasma is concerned that the combined silence of the knight and the General has ominous implications for her command. She will find out, tonight. She is marching down to the android laboratory, for a final check-up before both she and Hux can be pronounced battle-ready. She had protested, respectfully, when Hux announced he intended to join the battle, but gave in as long as check-ups were conducted. When Phasma enters the lab, Hux is nowhere in sight, and her sense of foreboding increases. She strides quickly past the disturbing gurneys and the silent engineers towards the bacta tanks at one end of the room. The tanks emit an eerie blue glow in the lab’s smoky darkness, but they still fail to illuminate the cavernous room that sits in front of the ship’s engines. Stripping perfunctorily, Phasma places her armour on a low metal bench before allowing the unforgiving claws of the medical droid to hoist her into the tank, entirely without grace. Engineers gather around the tank with their data pads at the ready. Submerging in bacta is always terrifying, at first. For a moment, Phasma’s body forgets that it does not need oxygen, and that the bacta should coat the inside of her throat until it meets her own internal fluids, until she becomes weightless and calm. Still, for those first few moments, she writhes and gurgles in panic. Then the sedatives in the gel begin to take effect, and she starts to sink and drift into the centre of the tank. Seconds into this calm, through her floating blonde hair, Phasma sees the dull red of General Hux’s head as he marches over. The Captain allows her eyes to close and she concentrates on letting go. Still, sound filters through: the soft chittering of the engineers from behind their masks, a sound they always make when they are engrossed in an experiment, the sound of Hux removing his boots, the soft command he gives to the medical droid (“I want as much information as possible about my cognitive state. I have been having… recurring memories. They may be symptomatic of a head injury sustained…), and finally, the whirring claws and the dull plop of Hux entering his own tank. * Phasma finishes before Hux, unsurprisingly, and she goes through the gasping and writhing and hacking again when she is pulled from the bacta. Once her brain has been forcefully reminded that it has no need of working lungs, Phasma begins to wipe cold blue gel from her skin with a towel. Behind her, a pale figure is still suspended, sightless, mindless, in the other tank. Phasma turns her back to the sight, finding it every bit as eerie as the cadavers that litter the rest of the laboratory. When the claw-like mechanism of the tank whirs to life again, signalling Hux’s return to reality, she is donning her armour. Phasma hears the gasping and choking behind her as she snaps her vambraces into place, and she keeps her back to her General, allowing him to regain control. When she turns around, Hux is standing across from her. He has donned his black slacks and replaced his boots, and he has moved onto his torso, wiping away bacta methodically. His gaze flicks up to meet her’s: green cats-eyes pull in the light from her gleaming armour and reflect it back into her eyes, as if giving off an electric glow. Phasma turns to accept a data pad from an engineer and glances at her results, finding it hard to stare back at Hux’s intensity. The air of the laboratory is cool and thin after the reassuring confinement of the bacta, and it reverberates with the soft sounds of scalpels and winches and chittering in the dark. ‘Sir,’ Phasma addresses her General softly, keeping her eyes on the pad’s readouts, ‘what is this recurring memory that has been troubling you?’ As a Captain, she would never address her superior officer so directly, but as an android, she feels as though the words are forced from her mouth. Hux stays silent for a time, dropping the towel and slipping on his uniform. The engineers flit around them, clicking softly - unusally loud for them. They are only noticeable when they move close enough to absorb some of the light from Phasma’s armour. ‘A- a mild incident. Between Ren and I.’ Hux sees to settle on at last. His words are stilted, as if he is speaking through pre-recorded soundbites. ‘And what was the nature of this incident? Another loss of temper?’ Phasma meets her General’s eyes again, and they flash back at her. Hux’s intensity is disturbing. A thousand and one scenarios flick through her mind. ‘The incident- it was a kiss, Captain.’ This was not one of them. ‘Ren- Ren kissed you? Forcefully?’ Phasma’s eyes are wide in the dim light. ‘No- it wasn’t. It was a moment of madness, Phasma, collective madness, and I couldn’t say one way or the other who- forced is not an appropriate- that is part of what has been troubling me.’ Hux finishes finally. Collective madness? Phasma’s mind is reeling. She has never heard Hux so much as admit that his mind might be fallible . He is an android, ruled by logic, reason and Snoke. ‘And this memory has- preoccupied you?’ Hux’s stare is defensive. ‘I could not say- how it began. And I- I could not say why it didn’t end sooner - I could not say why it has been on my mind, since.’ Hux’s mouth twists in a grimace as he rubs the last of the gel from his hair before combing it carefully into submission. ‘Sir,’ this might be a very dangerous suggestion Phasma is about to utter. She can sense her abort protocols trying to activate. ‘Is it the… pleasure, that has preoccupied you? Are you concerned that you… enjoyed it?’ {{ calculating risk of imminent death }} Phasma waits for Hux to explode, but he does not. Tension builds in the air, making it hot and close, and the engineers seem to flit faster in the corners of the Captain’s vision. Hux turns his back on her. When he speaks, he spits, his voice raised, but Phasma senses that his disgust is directed inwardly. ‘I was created by Snoke.’ ‘Yes sir.’ ‘I was created by his design.’ ‘Yes sir.’ ‘With the sole purpose to lead the First Order into an age of glory.’ ’Sir.’ Phasma considers her words carefully, but she has no idea how they will be taken no matter what she chooses to say. ‘You and I were created under very different circumstances, as you know. You were young when you died, and when Snoke resurrected you, he made you an officer. That drew an indelible line between what you were and what you are. ‘It was not the same for me. I was a trooper, and an officer of the First Order, long before my fatal injury. When I was brought back by the Supreme Leader, I was a trooper and an officer, still.’ Hux turns to her, his expression reluctant. ‘Snoke created you to lead the First Order, yes. But he chose to use a cloned body, rather than create one himself. He chose to use a human mind. It may not have been part of his design, but biologically speaking, sir, there is nothing to prevent you from… experiencing pleasure.’ They both stand in silence, allowing the implications of Phasma’s words to fill the space between them. Finally, Hux picks up his coat and affixes it over his shoulders, the sleeves swinging freely. When he turns to face Phasma, meeting her eyes once more, she feels relieved at the thought that their conversation may be over. ‘That will be enough council for one day, Captain. No more memories, no more discussions of… human biology. I take it I am cleared for the field?’ Phasma glances down at the pad, now updated with Hux’s own readouts. They are all in the clear. ‘You will enter during the final stages of the battle to secure the base, as you commanded, sir, yes.’ Hux nods and turns to go. ‘Sir.’ ‘What is it Phasma?’ Hux sounds irritable, now - eager to put his mind to anything else. ‘While pleasure might be a natural phenomenon, even for… creations such as ourselves, I do not believe that Ren would make a good-‘ {{ abort }} ‘What I mean is-‘ Hux turns, his eyes frighteningly bright in the darkness. The coat moves with him, making him seem bigger, more imposing. ‘You do not believe that Ren would make a good what , Captain?’ Phasma has never wished that her abort protocols would shut her mouth harder. ‘I. I do not believe that Ren would make a good bedfellow, sir. He is volatile, incontrollable. He-‘ ‘That will be all, Captain. We will not discuss this again. All future consultation will be regarding the battle.’ Hux snaps and strides away, towards the engineers latest experiments. Phasma salutes the darkness. —K— Less than twenty hours before the Battle of Bakura is to commence, the Finaliser is alive with trooper garrisons and aircraft prepping, and the hyperactivity grates against Kylo’s mind, as he lies awake in his quarters, staring at the ceiling. But the Finaliser is not what preoccupies him. In his mind, several memories are melting into one another, guaranteeing him a sleepless night. The memory at the front of his mind is, of course, the kiss - both molten, the temperature of Kylo’s mind, and cool, the temperature of Hux’s body. It hits him in waves, disorienting and confusing, and also delicious. Another preoccupation is the battle plans, which were grudgingly passed to him by Lieutenant Mitaka as per his captain’s orders. Kylo has read them through so often that virtual battles have begun to wage on the inside of his skull. His latest audience with Snoke is the third memory echoing through his head. The Supreme Leader had summoned his knights hours earlier. When they had knelt before him, Snoke had instructed them to be ruthless in claiming him a victory. When they had been dismissed, Snoke had ordered Kylo to remain. His stomach sinking, Kylo had kept his head bowed and his knee bent before his master, unmasked, awaiting judgement. Heated memories of Hux’s kiss had been impossible for Kylo to guard against during the summons, and he had no doubt that Snoke had picked up on them through the Force. ‘Stay focussed, Kylo Ren,’ the Supreme Leader had warned, his voice echoing ominously in the cavernous hall. ‘Remember where your loyalties lie, and concentrate on fulfilling my orders.’ ‘I have not forgotten that I am your servant, alone, master.’ Kylo had responded, as he must. Now, lying on his bed, the words taste of fear in his mouth. The final memory adds to that taste: it is more insidious, harder to grasp onto. It is a dream, though Kylo is almost certain that it is not his own - a projection perhaps? The dream has been recurring for days now, keeping him from sleep, and while it echoes his own fears, the imagery is strangely specific in its gore. Every time he resurfaces, Kylo feels dizzy, as if he has glimpsed something he is not meant to see. The kiss and the dream seem to be melding, melting, combining, blocking him from the Force, and from solitude. —Going Away— Around him, the forest is burning. Smoke and flame are consuming great trees the size of AT-ATs - fir-like giants, which burn with an acrid, intoxicating smell. In the foreground, scattered over the earth, are pine needles and dead bodies, flames which lick along fallen branches and mangled speeders. Against the backdrop of flames is a slim figure. At first glance Kylo thinks the pale apparition has no hair, but then he realises that the hair is the same colour as the inferno. The knight stumbles closer, then closer still, until he is inches from the man - the man called Hux. Hux has a self-satisfied smile pulling at his mouth, his head tilted up to Kylo and his hands coming up to frame the knight’s arms - arms which settle around Hux’s waist. In the dreamworld, Kylo thinks nothing of leaning down and setting his mouth over the General’s smug smile. Arousal builds at the same tempo as the flames. Kylo feels the thin body beneath his own, a body that submits to him. Hux sinks down, taking Kylo with him, as if giving himself over to the fire, until the General’s back is pressed to the blood and pine needles. Kylo’s body presses him down, his arousal and his hands becoming frantic over Hux’s body. The mouth beneath his is wet and warm, hot even, as hot as the flames and the scorching smoke. Kylo’s hand settles against Hux’s hip. It becomes damp with warm liquid. Suddenly they are both standing, impossibly, as if the scenario has reset, and Kylo has a blaster in his hand. Two, three, four shots land in Hux’s body, making it jerk and sink backwards into the burning earth. Kylo steps forward, and kneels over Hux’s body, placing his hand on the wound in Hux’s side. Instead of applying pressure to slow the blood-flow, Kylo smiles and presses his hand into the wound. He curls his fingers, then grasps, then pulls, feeling the slide of blood and something more solid against his fingers. When Kylo looks down, he sees a handful of intestines and wires being dragged from Hux’s body. His word spins and smokes. Stay focussed, Kylo Ren, Snoke tells him, ominously. Slowly, drowsily, Kylo tries to push the handful back into Hux’s body, but as he watches the opposite happens - blood and wires and sparks start to spill out of the wound - a wound so deep that Kylo can see needles and the earth through it. Frantic and sickened by fear, Kylo tries to push the wound closed. Hux’s hands come up to grasp at his own, blood trickling over the pale fingers. Kylo’s breath is racing through his lungs, making him even more lightheaded, and he just wants to kiss Hux again, to heal his wound, to have a single kiss, to stop the bleeding- This is when Kylo always wakes, and pushes the thoughts back, heart racing and sweat trickling down his back, unable to piece together which moments were him and which moments were projected to him through the Force. He can never remember all the details of the dream, but the look in Hux’s eyes stays with him: the green that shines through the red. —Coming Back— The forest is on fire and Kylo cannot wake up, because he is no longer asleep. The metallic taste of fear and adrenaline fills his mouth, and he cannot fully account of it. Perhaps it is the chaos and the confusion which is setting him so on edge. When Kylo uses his saber, his body releases itself, channelling every emotion and frustration down his shoulder, through the muscles of his arm and into his wrist, to deliver the next killing blow. This does not happen now, not quite. Kylo dispatches Resistance Fighters in every direction, deflecting blaster fire and flinging bodies aside, but his shoulders stay tense and defensive. He strides through the trees, striking his enemies down so powerfully with his saber that it passes straight through their bodies and seers into the massive trunks of the trees, leaving gaping holes in his wake. An explosion sends Kylo and the stormtroopers around him flying backwards, but he wields the Force instinctively, slowing himself, until he lands with his back against a tree. He ducks as a blaster shot strikes the bark behind him, missing his helmet. Then, he charges forward to slice a Resistance body in half. The smells of smoke and pine have filled the air - Kylo fights down irrational panic when it tries to rise in his throat and brings his saber down on another victim, whipping around to push a passing speeder into the trunk of a giant tree. Another knight flits across his vision, leaving dead bodies in their wake, and Kylo feels the need to match that destruction. For a time, he loses himself to the battle, slicing through bodies, not even sure if all of them are foes. His chest heaves with exertion and his cape billows behind him as he strides around, delivering death to all who cross his path. The First Order have advanced to the tree line now, at three points of the clearing, and Kylo can see the base’s southern face. As troopers begin to leave the cover of the trees, the casualties really start to rack up. AT-STs keel over in fireballs as they advance into the clearing, picked off by canons from the top of Bakura base. Soldiers fall in droves, killed from the cover of the bases’s walls. X-Wings fly low, gunning down white-clad bodies with TIE-Fighters screaming behind them. Behind Kylo, an AT-AT advances, but it is slow, and still too far away from the tree line to offer aid. From the corner of his eye, Kylo sees a stormtrooper fall to his knees, clutching a wound in his side. The knight is suddenly overflowing with reckless energy, fuelled by fear. He aches to run, to cut through every single Resistance Fighter in the base. To find Hux. Panic makes Kylo’s powers unpredictable. He pushes and pulls with all the Force he can wield, striding out of the cover of the trees. He deflects blaster fire effortlessly, while reversing the path of a grenade so it turns against the thrower. Overhead, TIE-Fighters scream and circle like carrion, their weapons pointed at the base. Behind him, the trees are starting to burn. As Kylo cuts through the enemy ranks, he hears another noise, the thundering sound of a star cruiser taking off. A dozen ships rise from the base, flanking an enormous vessel that must be evacuating a huge amount of Resistance personnel. The ships bank and battle against TIE-Fighters, trying to escape into the atmosphere. Now, troopers flood the clearing and the fighting breaks down into chaos once more. Kylo throws himself into the fight, before he is thrown off balance by the earth shuddering and tearing beneath him. The roar of explosion that follows can only mean one thing: the cruiser has been taken down. Surely, the tide of battle has turned. The canons on top of the base have been obliterated by the advancing AT-ATs, and the troopers have advanced on all sides of the base. Still, the fear sits at the back of Kylo’s mind. * Kylo just happens to be fighting alongside an officer when the report comes in. He does not have a communicator himself, so if the Field Sergeant hadn’t had one of his own, Kylo would not have known that the final insurgency is underway, and that General Hux is landing on the base to finish off the last of the Fighters at this moment. Kylo feels another stab of panic, and he steps back from gutting a Sulustan Resistance Fighter to stare up at the base. He can see that several craft are landing on its roof, and he is consumed by the knowledge that inside one of those ships is the General. Kylo advances towards the base. He twists through the legs of a running AT-ST, using its fire as cover to reach the shelter of the base. The blast doors ahead of him have been blown open by at AT-AT’s explosive charges, and there are two soldiers sheltering in the safety of its mangled doors. Kylo fells them both without breaking his pace. Death fills the halls of Bakura Base. Squadrons of storm troopers that have successfully made it across the clearing now march down corridors in small groups, hunting Fighters. The now far outnumber their enemies, but a well-placed grenade can still do damage within the walls. Kylo has to double back on himself more than once, and use his every power to its fullest as he heads upwards. His Force sensitivity is pushed outwards, filtering through the wonderful sensation of lives being lost to find the General as he descends from the roof. The air is cool, inside, and the open carnage of battle has altered to the echo of gunfire against metal walls. Kylo feels a chill down his spine as memories of the dream flash before his eyes. This time they are not tinged with fear, and they feel even less like they belong to the knight. Kylo senses Hux moving towards main operations, in the norther section of the base, and he heads in that direction also, dread building once again in his mind. Blood spatters his black robes as his fighting becomes frantic and cruel. Kylo is quickly becoming certain that it was not a dream at all, but a fantasy - someone, nearby, is having these thoughts, fantasising about ripping blood and sinew (and wiring, his mind discards as irrelevant) out of General Hux’s stomach. When Kylo rounds the corner to main ops, the fantasies fade, and he is left panting, bloody and tired. The knight pushes through the ranks of troopers and officers, all as bloody and sweaty as he is, into the room beyond. His eyes search wildly for Hux, and they land on a red haired officer standing in the centre of the room. The General’s sense of triumph hits Kylo in a wave, banishing his fear, making him feel drunk and dizzy. The knight takes in the patched-up ceiling and the pockmarked monitors, the First Order personnel already getting operations on-line. His ears pick up the reports that Admiral Iyat’s forces to the west are holding fast and that General Tarkin’s forces to the east are entering the base, and that Captain Phasma is picking off the last of the suvivors with her force down in the caves. With every fresh victory Hux’s back straightens, and his shoulders widen. The General’s chin rises, and he surveys the room with a smile on his face. His expression is smug. His eyes do not even avoid Kylo, where he stands in the corner of the room. Instead, they pierce through the mask for a moment before moving away. Kylo sees Hux’s pride restored, and victory swells in his own throat. The General seems to vibrate with power. Kylo has the sudden thought that maybe it was paranoia, deja-vu of their narrow escape, which brought on the inner ramblings about dreams. Perhaps this is what the Supreme Leader warned him to guard against. Kylo pushes the thoughts from his mind for later. For now, he admires Hux in triumph. The Battle of Bakura has been won; General Hux has won it. Around the room, officers begin to clap and cheer. Notes: I keep forgetting to post this and I have no idea how to post pictures, but a while ago the wonderful humzbird sent me a link that made my week! I'll work out how to integrate the picture eventually, but for now I'll just post the link: (http://humzbird.tumblr.com/post/147739031617/guys-go-to-ao3-and-read-the-beautifully-written) It's so pretty I just had to incorporate glowing green eyes into this chapter. Much love humzbird and thank you for stopping me stalling and getting me back to Act IV - otherwise it'd be another month before I posted! xx Chapter 5 : Act V : Encounters Onboard the Finaliser Summary: The battle may be over, but even in victory, Kylo and Hux cannot leave each other in peace. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) —S— —Going Away— Whether they are made out of flesh or metal, the Supreme Leader specialises in the creation of slaves. Snoke feels no affinity for machines, or ships, or scrap metal. He is not an engineer. But the Force offers him insight into the material and immaterial worlds, and ways to bridge the gap between them. The Engineers, for example. Some were built, others were raised, still more were twisted into what they have become: Snoke’s silent army of technicians. The Supreme Leader has been experimenting for centuries, far away from the destructive wars of Jedi and Sith, on the creation of these beings. He knew, always, that the Sith would not triumph by destroying the Jedi, but by outliving them. Light can be smothered, but it cannot be rekindled in the dark, no matter what myths surround Darth Vader’s death. Each of his slaves is a unique mix of living and non-living, human and droid, loyalty and terror. And Hux is his masterpiece. Like any masterpiece, he is infuriatingly incomplete. Snoke instills mindless efficiency in his Engineers. Others in his ranks (Hux, the knights, Kylo too) are allowed a sense of free-will, as they march down the paths he has laid for them. The feeling of power over unpredictable beings is intoxicating, but also fickle. Snoke knows that he is playing with fire. Somewhere far away from the Bakura system, in the Supreme Leader’s laboratory, an Engineer intercepts an incoming message. It tells of General Hux’s victory over the Resistance. With swift stuttered motions, the Engineer rises from its seat and grasps its data pad, the communiqué clearly displayed upon it. It marches through the laboratory, eyes unseeing, oblivious to the horrors around it. The rooms are dark and high. The bacta tanks glow green, and the medical droids’ eyes glisten with red lasers. The air is filled with the sound of fear, but the Engineers are not capable of feeling emotion. Their masks and their black armour render the dim light and the scorching air inconsequential. The messenger comes to a stop at a bacta tank. It chitters softly at its counterpart, a creature of identical size and appearance monitoring the tank carefully. The second Engineer clicks at a third, and the command comes back, in the form of an outstretched hand: {{ give it to me : you are dismissed }} The Engineer hands over the data pad and retreats. The receiver places the pad on a low bench, in easy view of the bacta tank. None of them speak to their master. It even displeases Snoke that they seemed to have come up with some sort of form of communication. He had never designed them for words. Their orders should come from his guiding hand, not from their own colony-like organisation. The pad sits for a while until finally it is picked up again. The fingers that grasp it are pale, and unmarked. Snoke’s robes are billowing and black, but he does not tower over the Engineers. His body is tall and slight, but his power is not physical - it radiates from his body, screaming “danger!” with a presence that defies language. Even now, the power of the Force is such that in a matter of just a few months, the new body will warp and scar, shrivelling away from the darkness which inhabits it. Snoke’s hair will shed, and his mouth will twist cruelly, the marks of betrayal rewriting themselves on his skin. He remembers clearly the Sith who put them there: the saber that sliced his jaw from mouth to cheek, the fingers that pulled the wound down, the laughter; the apprentice who peeled flesh back from his skin, and seared deep lines in his back with her saber. No matter what body he is in, Snoke will revert to his memory of himself, before he was immortal. Age and hatred will write themselves over his skin once more, and the Supreme Leader will be forced to return to bacta. For now, his freshly-cloned body sustains him. Snoke’s young, thin mouth turns up in satisfaction when he reads the news on the data pad. His servants have done well. ‘Send word to Kylo Ren,’ Snoke orders everyone and no one. His nearest minion approaches to receive the command. ‘He is to remain onboard the Finaliser as far as Chiss Space. Then he will return here to me in order to continue his training.’ The Supreme Leader shakes out his limbs and revels in the feeling of rebirth. He has defeated death once again, and victory is sweet. —Coming Back— —H— ‘A great victory.’ Someone, surely a General or an Admiral, says as they pass Hux, slapping him on the back. At any other time he would be outraged, but now Hux only grimaces. He has no time for these celebrations personally, but they are good for morale, and Hux needs all the support he can get. The General isn’t smiling, not quite, but satisfaction exudes from the set of his shoulders. The universe has reordered itself, and the officers look at him with awe again, rather than with a vague sort of pity. Now if only he could return to his quarters to enjoy it in peace. Raucous laughter and drunk officers fill the recreation room, blocking Hux for escape. Personnel from four of the First Order’s largest vessels are packed into the room, and considering the restrictions on imbibing there is a suspicious amount of alcohol on hand. Hux makes a mental note to schedule a sweep of the Finaliser’s private quarters for contraband. The thought does not sustain him for long - there is nothing Hux finds more tedious than social gatherings. It is not only the poor conversation that grates on his nerves, it is also Ren’s presence, not physical, but entirely tangible. The heat and size of the knight, the brush of curls against his head,the intense dark gaze: they nip at the edges of his mind - these are memories into which Hux is submerged every time a warm body brushes against him, or he takes a sip of brandy, or he thinks longingly of his quarters. Hux keeps his breathing regular and as shallow as he can allow, enough to fool the men and women under his command, particularly if the continue drinking as they are. While most of the officers are beginning to unbutton collars and shrug of jackets (a breach of protocol, but Hux is willing to overlook it), the General’s uniform is as crisp and prim as ever. Under his intense gaze, Lieutenant Mitaka is sweaty and jittery, falling over his words as he tries to explain the intricacies of the Finaliser’s hydraulic problems. Hux’s interest is not faked, though he is distracted (another Lieutenant squeezes past him towards the bar with a respectful nod, and Hux remembers the heat of Ren’s body seeping into his metal bones, sending electrical signals shooting to is brain, making his eyelashes flutter uncontrollably and brush against the knight’s black hair.) Forcefully, the General returns his attention to Mitaka. He does wish the Lieutenant would grit his teeth and grow a backbone, if he ever hopes to be promoted higher than Sergeant. Trustworthy men are hard to find, and Mitaka is among them. But his flinching fear is too reminiscent of Soren’s nervous disposition, and Hux’s mind swings between latent disgust of that weakness and pride in Mitaka’s loyalty. ‘Where is Captain Phasma?’ He interrupts the stuttering. Mitaka blinks wide-eyed at him for a moment before he rushes to respond. ‘The-the Captain is visiting medical - a damaged arm, I believe - nothing serious.’ In the laboratory, then . Hux thinks. He is not concerned for his officer’s welfare - he would have been alerted immediately had she been gravely injured. He nods to Mitaka. ‘As you were saying?’ ‘It- it’s a serious concern, General. Sir. We pushed the engines hard to return to Bakura, and if we had failed to defeat the Resistance, I cannot be sure that we would have made it to light speed. They will need a full overhaul on our way to Coruscant… in my opinion at least.’ Mitaka takes a gulp of alcohol, and Hux feels obliged to take a sip himself. As ever, the sensation is irredeemable - liquor in particular seems to sizzle across his wiring, without any of the benefits of intoxication. In comparison, the kiss had been- ‘General?’ ‘Yes Lieutenant.’ Hux mutters, distracted. ‘I- I’ll get you another,’ Mitaka stutters, breaking into the General’s thoughts by taking the empty glass for him. Hux is left alone to survey the room. He feels unsettled when he should feel victorious, and Hux looks around for the source of his tension. He realises, gradually, that Ren is not present (Ren, whose eyes were wide and almost entirely black, childishly wounded, when Hux had pushed him backwards. Ren, whose lips were still slightly wet-) Another cause for celebration, Hux thinks, but the comment sounds forced even in the confines of his own head. ‘A respectable victory, General.’ An unpleasant sensation crawls up Hux’s spine at a tone of voice that makes him feel like a punished child. He turns to face Admiral Iyat with his mouth pulled into a grimace. Beside Iyat, General Tarkin is every bit as upright and meticulously turned-out as Hux. Neither officer has a drink in hand - they will not be staying long , Hux promises his ship silently. ‘This is moment of glory for us all,’ the android sneers in response, ‘surely, Admiral. Though I take the bantha’s share of the victory’ ‘So glad to find that you made it out of the conflict on your own two feet, this time.’ Hux opens his mouth to retort but Iyat has more to say. ‘I’m sure you were relieved to find that the Supreme Leader has granted you some respite from battle. Though I suppose schmoozing New Republic diplomats is dangerous in its own way, isn’t it?’ Hux grimaces and asks himself furiously how Iyat gained access to the orders sent to him by Snoke. He makes a mental note to investigate any possible breaches in the Finaliser’s security. Mitaka returns to his side, extending a glass of brandy to him. Hux accepts it and throws Iyat a nasty smile. ‘Dealing with the dictators of the New Republic requires skill and patience not granted to many, Admiral. As you can see, the Supreme Leader trusts me in all senses of the word - a leader must prove himself beyond the battlefield, after all.’ Hux takes a sip, silently toasting Ren’s absence. Iyat stands close, trying to intimidate - no doubt the knight would not have had the restraint necessary to face his arrogance in silence. ‘Perhaps you will get the opportunity to prove yourself in some way soon, Admiral. For now, as a commander of my fleet, the battlefield will remain your domain.’ Now it is Hux’s turn to cut Iyat off when he tries to respond. ‘I trust you will follow my orders to the letter. After all, they have the approval of the Supreme Leader.’ Hux feels an unfamiliar presence behind him: an unknown officer, pushing through the crowds. She comes to stand by his side, in a transparent show of loyalty. Mitaka shuffles on his other flank. Hux feels his power swell at the display - this is his ship, his crew, his victory. ‘I wish you the best of luck courting diplomats to our cause, General. I am quite sure you will not need it. You never fail to execute the Supreme Leader’s will, after all.’ General Tarkin speaks up. She is not standing with Iyat, not quite - her body is angled away, distancing herself from his posturing. When Hux meets her eyes he can see respect there - another small victory to add to his overwhelming sense of triumph. Admiral Iyat is the first to retreat. Tarkin salutes him and Hux responds in kind, pleased at the display in the front of his officers - most of whom are glancing at their exchange over their drinks. When Tarkin has also made a silent exit, Hux turns swiftly to the two officers flanking him. ‘Lieutenant Mitaka, and Lieutenant,’ he nods to Mitaka and the stranger, ‘I don’t believe I have your name?’ ‘Maker, sir. Akra Maker. I was transferred from the Neutraliser during the conference on planet U5346.’ Transferred from Iyat’s ship, Hux notes coolly. ‘You requested transfer?’ ‘Yes sir. The Finaliser was understaffed after-‘ ‘I am aware Lieutenant. Why did you transfer? The Neutraliser sees more combat than my flagship, after all.’ Hux takes another sip of the horrid liquid in his glass in an attempt to put the woman at ease. Maker meets his eyes grimly. ‘The Admiral and I had our differences, sir. He had threatened to ground me if I continued to question his judgement.’ ‘And you are now next in command after Lieutenant Mitaka?’ ‘Yes sir.’ ‘And have you been drinking?’ ‘Not a drop, sir.’ ‘Good. I will be retiring to my quarters. You have control of the bridge,’ Hux addresses Mitaka, who looks terrified. ‘We will maintain an orbit around Bakura until Captain Phasma returns from… medical.’ Hux considers whether or not to give the next command for a moment, before he does. ‘And you, Lieutenant Maker, will monitor Admiral Iyat’s movements around this ship. If need be you will find some distraction to force him to return to the Neutraliser. Understood?’ Hux watches Maker for any hesitation but the woman’s gaze stays steady. ‘Yes, Sir.’ They both salute, though Mitaka’s is a little wobbly. The boy’s tolerance for brandy must be laughably small. The General pretends not to notice. Hux pushes his glass into Mitaka’s hand and moves towards the door, keeping his head high, triumphant. He tries not to search for a black-clad figure in every corner of the room as he leaves, but ever body he pushes past has a little of Ren’s warmth. * Hux strips off the outer layer of his uniform and folds it away. He sits at his desk heavily, pulling out his data pad. First, he reads Snoke’s communique intently, then he goes back over the Order’s intelligence data on the Resistance. He savours the death counts - the humans, aliens, men and women who had been on the base, now buried or captured, the data banks that will surrender precious information about the Resistance as soon as they are successfully hacked. But when he moves on to his officers’ reports of the battle, increasingly his gaze is caught by the ones that mention the knights of Ren. Most of the officers cannot tell the five figures apart, so in his mind every account of a lightsaber involves Ren. With every line praising the savagery of the black-clad figures, with every mention of Ren, Ren, knight, Ren , Hux finds himself distracted, imagining the battle in his mind. He imagines Ren twisting his saber through Iyat’s chest and the thought is so satisfying that Hux’s hand closes around the stylus with all of his unnatural strength, snapping the metal in two. The General throws the broken implement away along with the data pad. The reports can wait. Hux craves warmth - he feels drained, he realises. It is not Ren’s company he needs, but a rush of a different kind. Sighing, Hux slips off his stiff black jacket - reinforced and padded - and undoes the first few buttons of his shirt. Perhaps he will sleep for the first time in weeks. Hux can survive on electrical recharge alone, but his organic brain always requires rest eventually. His master would not begrudge him a few hours of sleep, he reasons. With that in mind, Hux flicks a switch on his desk, sending shutters cascading over his viewing window, covering the stars and pushing his quarters into half-light. Hux unbuttons the first few buttons on his shirt, his mind made up. Reaching down under his desk, he pulls out an access cable. Hux isn’t entirely sure whether he has been designed to fit with the Finaliser, or if his vessel was designed to fit him, but when he brushes the back of his neck to locate the socket and twists his wrist and neck to plug in the cable, the fit is perfect and the rush is instant. The first surge is unregulated, and it makes the android physically jerk in his seat. The second is more controlled, the voltage lowering until it is a pleasant hum in the back of Hux’s mind. The General leans back and luxuriates in the feeling of victory - over the pests who stole from him, over the machinery of the base, and over his dissenters. The Finaliser buzzes with celebrations - the stormtroopers have retired to their quarters or fill up the med bay - the officers have drunk the last of their stocks of spirits and they are spilling out into the corridors, heading for their assigned quarters - the shift-cycle is changing and a fresh set of officers are taking control of the bridge - Phasma is recovering from the battle in the laboratory, the Engineers chittering around her reassuringly - and Ren is kriff knows where, doing kriff knows what. Hux drifts, lost in the sensation of a victory well-earned. * Hux comes on-line slowly, to the tap of knuckles on his door. An officer would use the chime, he thinks slowly, as his computers reboot themselves. What kind of creature would knock? Not Phasma - his readouts tell him that she is still in the laboratory. The only other possibility is Ren. Drunk on electricity, the thought is not as dire as it should be. Slowly, sleepily, Hux’s hand feels up the back of his neck, carefully unplugging himself from the Finaliser. As the plug disengages, he feels a sudden rush of wakefulness, and energy stirs and swirls through his system. His eyelids flutter and his hand spasms on the arm of his desk chair. Hux’s body straightens as if it is inflating with air. His head turns towards the door and he waits another moment. There is the tapping again, not urgent or angry - perhaps even tentative. Why would Ren bother with the courtesy of knocking? Hux wonders. The memory of his victory returns to the General in a second rush of energy, pulling a smug grin past his lips. Perhaps this is the explanation for Ren’s sudden politeness, then - respect for the General borne from his triumph over the Resistance. Later, when he is not drunk on the rush of electricity, Hux will think how ridiculous that idea sounds. When he rises from his chair, the General feels loose and languid. His expression is relaxed, his shoulders slope and his shirt still lies open at the neck. He is oblivious to his sleep-ruffled appearance as he crosses the room and opens the door. The black figure beyond can only be Ren. Ren blinks. His mask tucked under one arm, and his wild black hair makes his skin seem every paler. His shoulders are wide-set and his back is straight, like a warrior announcing his victory to his commander. He seems to fill more space than Hux’s doorframe allows - Hux has never seen him so self-contained. Triumph is mirrored in his eyes: triumph, relief and fatigue. ‘Ren.’ Hux greets the knight, his tone flat. Put that back on now . He thinks but does not say, keeping his eyes on the mask and not on the face. ‘General.’ Ren’s voice seems deeper, too, with the mask off - it modulates at a frequency that makes Hux’s metal bones vibrate. ‘I want to congratulate you on your victory.’ ‘You’re not with your… knights.’ Hux’s body is suffused with warmth, whether from the buzz of electricity or from the memory of Kylo pressed against him, he cannot tell. ‘You’re not with your officers.’ Ren counters quickly, but his voice is mild, not defensive. He looks older, more than a child, when his face is not contorted by fear or anger. Hux pushes the absent thought away. ‘I thought I would get at least a few more hours to myself before you were back to terrorising my ship.’ Hux watches with interest as Ren’s mouth twists up and then down - a suppressed response. The dark figure is trying to remain impassive, but emotion pours out of his eyes and his facial muscles. No part of him is truly under his control, Hux thinks, and in that sense he is weaker than Mitaka, weaker than Soren. He is weak even in victory, then. ‘I have good news on that score.’ Kylo indicates his position, blocking out the light in Hux’s doorway. ‘From the Supreme Leader. Should I relay it in the corridor for anyone to overhear?’ Hux raises his eyebrow. ‘I have received Snoke’s orders. They do not mention the knights of Ren.’ ‘And you indicated that you wanted to be kept updated to the movements of the Knights, myself included. In our last conversation.’ If Hux could sweat, he would be feeling it break cold over his forehead now. He cannot check the corridor behind Ren’s bulk, and the risk of being overheard is too great. The energy singing across Hux’s circuits urges him to avoid a confrontation with Ren now - this is his time to revel in victory. He refuses to allow Ren to spoil it. ‘Enter, then, if you must.’ He snaps, moving aside. Ren steps past him before the invitation can be withdrawn. Hux steps into the centre of his quarters and plants his feet firmly - they are spacious compared to the officers’ rooms and the troopers’ bunks, but still compact. An android does not need much space for living, after all. This is just one indication that makes Hux thinks the Finaliser was designed for him alone. The General watches Ren place his cowl on the desk, then turn and step forward, leaving a reasonable gap between their bodies - but still not enough for Hux. The heat radiating off Ren is making him feel even more languid. In the overhead light, he can see his own reflection in Ren’s eyes, behind the post-battle high. They are both burning the last of their adrenaline, and even though Hux does not require sleep in the same way, recharge won’t sustain him for long. For the first time in years he craves his bed. ‘The others have already left. My knights,’ Ren clarifies, and Hux immediately feels more secure hearing it. ‘And I will soon be joining them. As per the Supreme Leader’s orders.’ ‘When?’ Hux’s eyes are wide. In the close walls of the room, with Ren so near, the deep voice resonates even more, rattling in the hollow spaces inside Hux. ‘When the Finaliser reaches Csilla, I will take a shuttle deeper into the Unknown Region. You have a Senate to attend, to gain fresh alliances within the New Republic. I, meanwhile, have training to complete.’ ‘Hux searches around for some kind of response. ‘Which means-‘ ‘I will be on your ship for another week, at most.’ Ren talks over him. That mouth is twisting again, Hux notices, as though the knight cannot decide whether to fake disinterest or try for a smile. The result is a pained grimace. ’So you see, General, you won’t have to hide away from me in these rooms much longer.’ ‘As if my quarters have done much good in that regard.’ Hux grinds his teeth to stop the words, but they come out regardless, bypassing his internal computers. He locks eyes with Ren, and he can see the kiss playing behind them, as they play behind his. Ren’s eyes (brown, the General realises, radiating the same warmth as his body) widen and get darker. Put that damn mask back on now. These words, at least, Hux manages to suppress. ‘I know we have been… volatile, with one another, General, since our first meeting. But I came to say that…’ Ren steps forward. He is too close - far too close. Hux’s eyelids flutter at the heat that wafts over his cold bones in Ren’s wake. ‘I wanted to warn you. You have other enemies that will need defeating, before long.’ Hux is shocked at the concern in Ren’s voice. He has been fixating on Ren’s voice, seeming to vibrate the floor with their proximity, and he has missed the knight’s words. He searches his internal data for the sounds. ‘I know.’ I replies, stilted. ‘That is not your concern, boy.’ ‘I have access to information that even you do not, General. Access to thoughts and plans that work against you.’ Ren whispers darkly, his eyes averted. ‘You have heard Iyat’s thoughts-‘ Hux blurts, horrified at the idea. Ren’s eyes are too wide, too earnest. The General changes tack. ‘Then I’m sure you found them entertaining. There is no affection lost between us.’ Apart from that moment, whatever it was, that involved heat and lips. ‘That may be true.’ Ren concedes. The knight’s jaw sets (Hux is watching it far too closely) and he raises his eyes to meet the General’s once more. ‘But. I… admire anyone who can inspire that degree of hate.’ A burst of laughter is startled out of Hux. It sounds mechanical, unnatural, to his ears. Admired . He thinks. Inspired . You have inspired something . Captain Phasma tells him bluntly, from his computer memory. She has more to add - be wary of Ren - her lecture begins, but Hux blocks it out by closing his eyes. ‘Ren.’ He says, into the darkness. There is a shift in the air, a brush against Hux’s skin that sizzles into the metal beneath. Hux opens his eyes. ‘I admire your will to survive also, General.’ Ren is closer still. Hux looks down, at where their feet are laid out, almost parallel now Ren is so close. The knight is a giant, making the General feel thin-limbed. For all his size, Ren’s face is vulnerable - exuding a deep loneliness. Hux feels his power rushing back at the sight. He is a victorious General, answering to none but his master, unbreakable, unbeatable - and ‘I admire your ambition, your control. But-‘ Hux puts his hands through Ren’s hair and his lips over Ren’s mouth, and finally lets himself enjoy the feeling of warmth radiating through his body from the touch. But what have you inspired in me? He does not say, instead mouthing the words against Ren’s skin. —K— The contact is brilliant, startling, electrifying. Kylo is overwhelmed, and it takes him entire seconds to react. When he does, Kylo breaks himself against Hux like a wave against the shore. He feels the General’s defences eroding like sand with every desperate touch that is returned. Hux’s kiss is powerful, searching. The two men meet each other with equal force, neither surrendering to the other. The General’s grip is too hard, as though he does not know that he is causing Kylo bruises, or as though he is causing them very deliberately. Kylo’s weary arms ache from the battle and the pull of Hux’s pale fingers. Kylo’s own fingers are also at work. They are busy feeling every muscle in Hux’s back - gently, firmly, through the thin grade of his shirt. They have both thrown their bodies into the kiss, and Kylo uses his bulk to push Hux towards the bed. Hux goes willingly, seemingly only concerned with keeping Kylo close, and when his knees hit the bed, he brings one of them up onto it. Hux’s tongue becomes bolder and bolder in Kylo’s mouth, and the knight feels adrenaline surge higher and higher in his blood, spurring him on. His hands rise, tracing Hux’s boney shoulder-blades and moving towards his soft hair, over the nape of his neck- Hux pulls back (which should not be possible, with Kylo’s arms locked around him). A desperate sound escapes the knight’s mouth. Hux crawls up the bed until his back is against the headboard, his eyes never leaving Kylo’s. Kylo’s hands slip, and he tries to follow. ‘Not the neck,’ Hux rasps, blinking rapidly. His fingers pull at his shirt, now half open, as if to cover himself again. The knight’s hands come up to cover them, silently begging them to stop. ‘Okay, okay.’ Kylo murmurs, as if calming a scared animal. He shuffles forward until he is kneeling on the bed and places his hands on Hux’s hips, as if to demonstrate his understanding. Hux watches intently as Kylo’s hands drift down to his black slacks. The moment stretches out, a pause for breath after the frantic kiss. Kylo lets his fingers curl into the muscles of the General’s legs, revealing their shape beneath the coarse material. His breathing is shallow and excited when he moves them to rest on Hux’s boots. Kylo lifts the right leg up, tugging at the boot. He is startled when Hux’s leg starts to shake and looks up to find the General laughing silently. The flash of his eyes reminds Kylo of his delirious moment in the clearing, those months ago. ‘What?’ He asks, harsher than he intended, stripping one boot off and moving on to the other. Hux grits his teeth to try and stop the laughter. ‘Can’t you use your magic powers to do that?’ The General chokes out. ‘You think that’s funny?’ Kylo frowns, his face twisting with confusion, as he discards Hux’s second boot. Kylo twists so he can get his own boots off as quickly as possible. Hux watches him franticly kick them to the floor with half-lidded eyes. Finally Kylo unbuckles his belt with his saber attached and lets it fall softly off the bed, before settling over Hux again. The General beneath him stops laughing immediately. Before the smile can disappear with it Kylo leans down for a taste, revelling in the cool feeling of Hux’s smooth skin against him - Kylo is blotchy and hot from arousal, now that they are both fully on the bed, and in comparison Hux is the colour of sea-foam - so pale he is almost blue in the dim light. Kylo’s hands come down to fumble at his trousers. Then they reach for Hux’s black slacks. Hux’s hand reaches out again, trapping Kylo’s, and now the knight is worried that the mood has been broken, that Hux has had too much time to think, that he will give Kylo too much time to think, if their lips don’t stay locked together. ‘What’s your plan, Ren? What do you intend to-?’ Hux asks, quietly. He does not seem defensive, by there is trepidation in his eyes. Kylo can’t help the chuckle that rises up his throat. ‘General. I really have no idea.’ He answers, more truthfully than he intends. Hux’s grip is iron-strong around his fingers. ‘Slowly.’ The word is more a command than anything else, but all Kylo hears is permission granted. The hands release his and Kylo goes back to opening Hux’s trousers, though now his actions are unhurried. Kylo soon finds that Hux’s directive is hard to follow. As soon as he has unzipped them both he presses himself against Hux, who gasps at the sensation of hot skin against skin. Hux’s fingers dig into Kylo’s back, through his tunic, in warning. Kylo slows down, rolling his hips very deliberately against Hux to create intoxicating friction for them both. Hux’s fingers flex against his back and he groans in surprise. Kylo continues the excruciatingly slow rhythm, bringing his head down to taste another kiss. He wants his hands in Hux’s hair, but he doesn’t want to startle the General again, so he keeps them bunched in the silk bed covers. Hux is beginning to shift beneath him, urging him to speed up. Kylo changes his rhythm tentatively, using every ounce of control not to give in and chase pleasure. It has been too long since he felt anything close to this. The pressure becomes too much, and Kylo pushes himself up on one arm so he can reach the other between their bodies. Slowly, gently, holding back as much as possible, the knight curls his fingers around their cocks and begins to pull as he thrusts. Hux’s hands, bruising on his back, tug him forward encouragingly. Bitten off sounds are starting to come from Kylo’s mouth, and he can feel the pressure building to dangerous levels now, nearly overwhelming him. He breaks a kiss to get a good look at Hux’s face. The General’s skin is still pale, his face almost composed, but small gasps are coming from his open mouth, his hair is in complete disarray, and he stares up at the knight as though transfixed. As Kylo begins to rut in earnest, he thinks he can see green sparks shooting behind Hux’s eyes, making them glow in the dim light that passes through the shutters. The sun that shines on Hux now is the sun that shone on Bakura, and it washes out his hair to the same grey that Kylo remembers from the clearing. Hux’s muscles lock without warning, and the surprise, the awe, on his face is enough to bring Kylo off as well. Kylo’s limbs give out, his vision goes blank, and he can sense nothing but pleasure, stretching out before him. When the waves of orgasm have crested over him Kylo is almost afraid to open his eyes. He is lying with his weight on top of Hux, but the General does not move beneath him. Hux’s lips are pressed underneath Kylo’s ear. Kylo is panting in great gulping lungfuls of air, but he cannot feel any puffs of breath against his ear - still, the cool feeling of Hux’s lips sends aftershocks down the knight’s spine, making his toes curl and uncurl. Eventually, Kylo works up the energy to roll off Hux. He stares up at the nondescript ceiling, feeling utterly exhausted. When he manages to move his eyes to glance at Hux’s profile, he finds the General looking similarly tired, his eyes almost shut. The thought of cleaning up and dressing and returning to his own quarters is too much for Kylo. Languidly, Hux begins to pull at his trousers, and Kylo watches drowsily as they slide down the General’s long pale legs. Then comes a pair of black briefs, which Hux peals off carefully. Hux pulls himself out of bed and Kylo wonders sleepily if the man is going to return to his desk to fill in reports, naked from the waist down. Instead, Hux steps over to his wardrobe and pulls out a small flannel, giving himself a quick, perfunctory clean. With a glance over his shoulder at Kylo’s half-lidded eyes, Hux strips quickly and replaces his crumpled clothes with black garments that look too formal for bedclothes. Kylo stays silent and waits for the General to order him to leave. But when Hux turns back to the bed and gives the knight a once-over, he seems almost resigned. ‘Stay, if you must,’ he says softly, as if reading Kylo’s mind, ‘but clean yourself up - and take that kriffing tunic off.’ Too shocked and tired to argue, Kylo shrugs out of his tunic and trousers, feeling strangely self-conscious. He accepts the offered flannel from Hux drowsily. Kylo cleans himself quickly and sinks underneath the covers, feeling awkward being almost naked where Hux is meticulously clothed. The General does not give him a second glance, climbing into bed himself. For a moment they both lie in it, side by side, not touching, and Kylo thinks there is no way he will be able to sleep - the air is full of unasked questions, tension, and the smell of sex. Hux is inches from him, and when Kylo glances over, the man is staring at the ceiling, showing no sign of falling asleep. Kylo tries to keep his eyes open too. But the adrenaline has left his system at last and his body shuts down despite it all, forcing him into sleep, slowly but surely. The last thing he sees as he drifts off is Hux, rolling over to curl up on his side. —H— For hours Hux doesn’t sleep. He doesn’t move; he doesn’t blink; he doesn’t breathe. He doesn’t look at Kylo Ren. His memory is excellent, and he relives every moment that has passed between him and Ren up to the present as he lies there, silent and still. There is no logic he can offer his master - no explanation he can give Ren, or Phasma, or himself. Is this what the Captain warned him about? Is Ren’s impulsive emotionalism rubbing off on him somehow? Hux rises from the bed abruptly, some time near the ship’s third rotation. He paces the room, as quietly as possible. He watches Kylo Ren’s sleeping form, sprawled across his bed. He opens the shutters and stares down at Bakura as they orbit the planet slowly, then out at Bakura’s star, and further, at the Moddell Sector, the pink Monsua Nebula and Endor, a green blip in the distance. The sight of Bakura and the surrounding systems no longer makes his shoulder twitch and sting. Now he can even see their beauty. But it does not help him suppress the thoughts. Hux knows he has protocols that work to mimic the actions of humans. Droids are unnerving precisely because they fail to exhibit the same micro-expressions and tiny movements that humans constantly do to orient themselves to each other. Droids are not capable of mimicking the physiological responses that humans have to each other either - they cannot empathise - they cannot create within their minds the electrical responses that humans have when they feel for each other. Hux has reacted to Ren, but he knows that it is not because of the Supreme Leader’s programming - at least, it cannot be intentionally part of his protocols. Yet maybe, he thinks, just maybe, the kissing and all that came after, his willing supplication to Ren, was another facet of those mimicking protocols that they have not yet discovered. Perhaps this is dangerous, a flaw in his design, like the shot to his abdomen that nearly kept him from rescue. Perhaps this is a flaw he should report to the Engineers, or Snoke. Perhaps he should run experiments. Perhaps he should throw Ren out of his quarters, stay as far away from this dangerous phenomenon as he can. Hux does not know. His mind spins with the possibilities, and it is hours until he decides that he has had enough. Instead of waking Ren, instead of going to his laboratory, instead of contacting the Supreme Leader, he slips back into bed, curls on his side, off-lines his optics, orders his systems into shut-down, and sleeps at last. —K— Kylo keeps his eyes shut. He has woken up on a hundred planets, a thousand ships, but the smell of sleep is always the same - and it is always comforting. “You felt secure enough to sleep here”, it tells him. There have been plenty of days - and weeks - when he has had to do without it. Now, lying in Hux’s bed, Kylo can smell nothing. Not “nothing” nothing. His own familiar sleep-smell is there, reassuring him that he is safe. But there is another, non-smell - clean, antiseptic, and distinctive in its nothingness. Kylo opens his eyes to the deep darkness of a ship during spaceflight, illuminated by distant dead stars. Hux must have been awake during the night, he reasons groggily, if the shutters have been left open. When Kylo looks over, he sees a black-and-white figure lying next to him. While the knight is sprawled over the bed, Hux is rigid on his side, half curled-up. The starlight has bleached everything, even the General’s fiery hair. Kylo reaches out a strokes the back of Hux’s head, combing his fingers through the grey strands, still in disarray after last night. Hux’s white ear and whiter neck shine through them, down to pale, pale shoulders. The deep black sheets cover the rest. For a moment Hux stirs, like a pet pleased at receiving attention, and he hums in sleep. Kylo does not hear him exhale - in fact, the air in Hux’s quarters is not only scentless, it is also still, disturbed only by the knight’s breathing. The lack of sound is oddly comforting. Sleepily, Kylo traces the shell of Hux’s ear, feeling as though reality has been suspended, at least for the two of them, for the moment. His fingers brush through Hux’s soft, soft hair again. Then they trace down, down the curve of Hux’s throat, towards his back, just underneath the collar on his sleeping clothes, and Kylo admires Hux’s slim lines. The fingers catch on something as they move to stroke the General’s smooth shoulders. Kylo’s fingers stop. Gently, with the tips, he traces a hard, circular indent in the flesh of Hux’s- The moment snaps, and so does Hux, surging from his bed like a man possessed. His eyes are wide, his mouth is dark, and his skin is white in the half light. Kylo cannot make eye contact. The knight half-rises from the bed, knowing immediately he has done something, something , wrong. Hux stands before him, staring down. He looks as if he is assessing a threat. Kylo almost speaks, in the stillness. His breathing has increased, and it is still all he can hear in the room. Backing away from the bed, Hux ducks into his refresher. Kylo stares as the light comes on above Hux in the confined space, flashing a pale face and red hair into colour for a moment as the door slides shut behind the General. Kylo feels the jaws of self-loathing swallow him whole. He sinks back into the sheets, mentally kicking himself. He has broken something - his one true skill, even with the aid of the Force. Rising from the bed himself, Kylo searches the ground for his clothes. Crumpled on the floor is a pair of trousers, the first piece of clothing he comes to. Kylo pulls them on, and glances up. He catches his reflection in Hux’s window and stops short. Stars sparkle accusingly back at him from the plastic frame. Kylo sinks back to the bed and looks at the stars as he hears the refresher start up. He remembers how he used to find solace in the starlight. He would sit for hours, blissfully alone, and tell himself that if only every hyperdrive in the Galaxy stopped working at once, then his mother and father and his uncle would be stuck on the other side of that sea of stars, unable to reach him - unable to be disappointed in him. (Some kind of droid, a digital pest, infecting ship after ship, burrowing into the Falcon and the X-Wings and the Correlian freighters and chewing apart their hyper drives, he would imagine wildly, lost in his own imagination). Then they would value him - they would cry and tell him how much they loved him, by holo-call, instead of shouting and giving him worried looks and muttering behind his back. Ben would tell himself that by the time the light from those stars was shining on him those people would have lived their important lives and died their important deaths far away from him, because any minute the virus would strike. Ben would be left in peace, and no one would ever come to collect him, only to leave him somewhere else instead. Of course, the stars also reminded Ben of how far away those people were. What if there was a problem? He would be left alone. His parents, his uncle, his family, would have no way of reaching him before they died of old age. How could they? How could they leave him so far away, so often? Sometimes they were delayed, and Ben would refuse to eat the food that was brought to him - he would shout and scream that he wanted to be alone, but when he was left to himself he would be miserable, and he would go to sleep miserable, wondering if maybe there truly was a virus that could keep them from- The refresher cuts off, and Kylo tracks the sounds of Hux moving about the refresher - putting on a fresh uniform, he imagines. Kylo closes his eyes and imagines instead that Hux is still in the refresher, water slewing down his body - a body he can picture much better now - long, thin limbs and wiry muscle. The image calms Kylo down slightly. When Hux enters the room again, the knight glances at him out of the corner of his eye. The General has indeed gotten dressed - into a black uniform, minus the jacket. His hair is meticulously combed and his expression is blank. ‘You can see yourself out, Ren.’ He says almost absently. That’s it. Perfectly flat - absolutely calm. That’s all Hux has to offer him. Kylo is torn between advancing on Hux and getting back into bed and curling up under the covers like he did as a boy. Hux moves towards the door, and the knight takes a halting step forward, off the bed. He is still semi-naked, Kylo remembers belatedly, and mask-less. He cannot leave Hux’s quarters like this. The General picks up his jacket and slips it over his shoulders, turning his back on Kylo. The knight searches around for his tunic. ‘Hux.’ Hux ignores him, waiting for the door to slide open. Kylo finds it and pulls it on. Hux steps out of his rooms. The knight buckles his belt on as quickly as he can and summons his boots. Hux is in the corridor now, out of Kylo’s view. The knight tugs on his boots as fast as he can. Anger returns to Kylo’s mind, and it tastes bitter. He opens his mouth to call Hux back on pain of death as he summons his mask to him with the Force. A shot breaks the stillness, then the sound of a scuffle, then several more unmistakable noises of blaster fire exploding from a weapon. They are muffled by the closed door to Hux’s quarters, but Kylo reacts nevertheless, dropping his mask, drawing his saber, rushing to the door. When it opens a smell wafts to him, and it is not nothing. It is coppery. It is blood. * Hux is on the floor, and the woman is pinned against the wall. Her blaster has been flung from her hands with the full vicious extent of Kylo’s powers. She was not expecting him, but there is resignation in her eyes, as if she is unsurprised to find she will die for her actions. Lieutenant stripes wrap around one of her coat sleeves. Kylo cannot think, cannot speak. Hux has been shot and this time there is no grim expression, no dressing the wound, no staggering into the caves - he is lying on the floor, his eyes unseeing - dead. Kylo pushes his lightsaber through her body with enough force to burn into the metal wall behind her. Hux will be angry about that , Kylo thinks wildly, ridiculously, as he powers-down the saber, letting the woman’s body fall to the floor. He does not need her as a witness - he pulled the truth from her mind the moment he entered the corridor to find Hux prone on the floor, two blaster-holes in his chest. The patter of feet makes Kylo look up, and a slight figure rounds the corner and stops dead, attracted by the sound of blaster shots. ’Y-you killed him.’ He is a technician by the look of him, young and ashen faced at the sight of his General prone and bleeding on the other side of the corridor. The boy raises his blaster against the knight, and Kylo reaches out with the Force - the thought that he would kill Hux fills him with potent rage. Then a squadron of black figures run around the corner in perfect formation, oblivious to Kylo’s blood-lust or his terrified victim, or the dead Lieutenant slumped against one wall of the corridor to Hux’s quarters. It is the General that they swarm around. ‘What are you-?’ Kylo begins, gruff and dangerous. But he recognises these silent figures - they are Snoke’s servants, and they are picking Hux off the floor between them, carrying him away from Kylo. The technician forgotten, Kylo grips his saber in one hand and follows them. Behind him, the boy scrambles to his feet and rushes for the nearest emergency siren, pushing it desperately. The whirring starts up across the ship, calling all personnel to battle stations. Kylo doesn’t hear it. His gaze is intent on Hux’s red hair, and he is following Snoke’s servants through the ship. A spark of hope is kindled in Kylo’s mind, that perhaps the General is not dead, perhaps four blaster shots were not enough. Perhaps, if he gets Hux to medical as before, the General will make another miraculous recovered. But they are not heading towards the higher decks, and medical. They are heading down, towards the engines. Kylo follows them, feeling as if he is on the edge of a precipice, and about to jump. —P— Sirens wake Phasma - sirens in her head. She never gets used to on-lining her optics surrounded by Engineers, and it makes her jolt now. Her left arm is pinned, and she remembers that it was damaged in the close quarters of the caves, during the battle. When she cranes her head over, she can see the exposed wiring of her bicep on display. Her internal computers begin to fill in the gaps in her mind, as an Engineer stands over her, a staple gun in its hand. She has lain in recharge in the laboratory for five hours, the next shift-cycle has just begun, her arm is healed and her body refuelled, and General Hux has been shot. Phasma’s muscles jerk again, this time at the worst possible news. The sirens continue to whine. When the Captain looks over she sees the Engineer pulling the skin of her limb back in place, punching metal clips into her arm, and blearily behind him, a prone body surrounded by black figures. She hopes that it is just another clone, another experiment, but the sirens tell her differently. Phasma pulls herself half to her feet, her arm still trapped on the gurney. Her free hand scrabbles behind her to pull out the cable connecting her to the Finaliser. She can see red hair, now - the figure lying on the next gurney has red hair, and Engineers swarm around him with tools in their grips. Finally, Phasma’s arm is released, and she half-falls, half-runs to Hux’s side, pushing her body in between the cold silhouettes. Hux is deathly pale, and his shirt collar is red. It is ripped off him and discarded as she watches, to reveal a chest soaked in blood and fluid, and two deep black, scorching holes. At a glance the Captain can identify the weapon that was turned against her General - a standard-issue First Order blaster. She watches silently as the Engineers begin to make their incisions, intent on peeling back Hux’s skin to expose the damaged wiring and organs beneath. The sirens are still screaming. Absently, Phasma switches them off. {{ captain : report to the supreme leader : assume command of the finaliser }} the protocols demand in her head. The Captain ignores them. Phasma grimaces, gritting her teeth, as the team of Engineers succeed in opening up Hux’s chest, exposing the sparking wires beneath. But her expression falls to one of relief as she gets a better look at the path of the blaster shots. She turns to the nearest Engineer. ‘Inform the Supreme Leader that the General will recover. No vital systems were damaged. Has the perpetrator been caught?’ The Engineer gives no response. She considers asking again. Instead she says: ‘Good. Good.’ Phasma is shaky from too much recharge, not from the sight of clear fluid dripping onto the floor beneath Hux’s gurney. The Captain turns away, back towards her gurney. Her armour is arranged neatly at the foot of the metal slab, where she left it. She strides over to it and begins clipping it on, obeying protocol even with Hux’s body laid out behind her. She is half-finished when she glances up and notices another figure, standing so still that her eyes had not picked him out of the darkness before. Kylo Ren looks wild-eyed and dangerous. His mask is off, his hair is loose, and his lightsaber is clutched in one hand. Blood drips from his fingers, down the hilt of his lightsaber. His eyes are staring into the darkness, into Hux’s secret sanctuary, complete with experimental clones and android parts. {{ do not engage the apprentice }} Phasma turns to stare at an Engineer, whose reflective visor stares straight back, relaying a command that can only come from the Supreme Leader. Indecision stalls her for a moment. {{ these orders are from snoke himself }} She can see her own reflection in the creature’s visor - mask-less, washed out, terrified. The unmistakable static of her helmet’s comms breaks Phasma from her trance. She clips on her last vambrace and lifts the helmet onto her head in order to listen to Lieutenant Mitaka’s terrified request for assistance from the bridge. The Finaliser is at battle-stations, and she is it’s commanding officer, until Hux wakes up. Phasma turns away from Ren, silently apologising to the General for surrendering his laboratory to the knight’s mercy. Before she leaves, she decides to ask the Engineer after all. ‘Who was it? Who have you arrested?’ The Engineer is silent for a moment, deciding whether to answer. When the message is relayed to her computer, it makes Phasma grit her teeth against bloodlust. {{ a female lieutenant was the perpetrator : neutralised by the apprentice : admiral iyat was apprehended boarding a shuttle : he is in custody : assume command captain }} Phasma nods and leaves, heading for the Finaliser’s bow. It takes every ounce of her self-control not to head for the brig and place a blaster shot directly between the Admiral’s eyes. What stops her is the knowledge that it would displease Hux - when the General waits, he will want to fire the shot himself. Notes: So there is probably going to be a pretty long break between this chapter and the next one. But I have a good excuse: I have 5 days left before I fly to Tokyo for my year abroad. I'm doing a degree in Japanese, so I won't be using a lot of English for the next year, plus between my intensive language course, getting a job and living in Tokyo I have no idea when I'll have time to sleep, read fanfic -and- write so I'm going to have to sacrifice something! I will be continuing this fic, absolutely I will. But I'll need some time to adjust and work out where to fit writing in, and updates may be a little slower from now on. I wish everyone else going back to school the best of luck as well! Chapter 6 : Act VI : Rendezvous Over Csilla Part I Summary: Anger, disappointment, passion, fear, sadness, and a hint of sarcasm: Hux's secret is exposed. Notes: This needs at least one more careful edit but I just want to post post post! So lots of apologies if it's not quite up to it - I'm going to go back through the last two chapters and rewrite, and when I get to the half-way mark of the story (at Act VII), I'm planning on polishing up the whole story so far... around my languages and my year abroad, of course! Hope you enjoy! I've got my fingers crossed for any feedback :) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) —K— —Going Backwards— When Ben was seven years old, his parents attempted to explain to him why C3PO was not alive. The gold-plated humanoid himself had tried to assist them, explaining in his cheerful, digital tones that “animated” though he might have been, “alive” he was not. Ben had not understood, no matter how many times mom (everyone else called her “Senator”), and dad (who called her “Leia”, and “Princess” only when they fought, which was often, and who Ben wanted to call “Han” like everyone else did, but who wouldn’t let him. Ben paid attention to what people called other people. What were they saying again?) repeated the words. Although Three-pee-oh was often obnoxious, and frequently irritating, he had partly raised Ben, so he was a living member of the Solo household, as far as the boy was concerned. Ben had been sat at the kitchen table - in a house full of furniture that didn’t really belong to him, or his parents - another temporary home, another temporary planet - identifiable as the Solo residence only by the clutter of papers and cigarette butts and engine parts and star-ship toys that filled in the gaps between the chairs and tables that would stay when they went. Han’s legs had been crossed as he leaned against the door to the back porch, smoke obscuring his mouth. Occasionally he added a glib comment, his eyebrows drawn together but his mouth smirking. Leia had been seated across from Ben, still wearing her pristine work clothes, with dark circles under her eyes. She sipped caf in one hand and rested the other protectively on Ben’s arm. He itched to withdraw from her worried gaze - clearly this wasn’t a truth he wanted to learn. C3PO had been standing at his charge’s shoulder, without a hint of discomfort, his golden hand resting heavily on Ben’s shoulder. When Three-pee-oh’s fingers squeezed, they were more comforting than even the smell of Han’s smuggled cigarettes mixing with stale caf - surely those fingers belonged to someone living. Luke had entered the scene wet and wild-haired, with worry-lines creasing his face, but a smile painted crookedly over them. ‘Is there a family meeting I’m late to?’ He had asked softly, laughing. Afterwards, Ben would remember the comment. The Solos were so rarely all in the same room. Ben’s parents had usually gone separate ways by the time he was out of bed, and only the smells of caf and smoke remained, heavy in the air. At the time the comment had made Leia smile. Rain had pattered lightly outside, R-2 had joined the conversation with a burst of enthusiastic beeping, and Luke had pulled up a chair quietly to Ben’s side. ‘We are discussing the nature of my sentience, Master Luke.’ Three-pee-oh had informed him matter-of-factly. Ben knew his speech was strange - stilted - but that didn’t make him dead . After all, what else could be the opposite of living? ‘Benny?’ Luke had said quietly, sadness shining in his expressive eyes. Ben’s heart had leapt - Luke was the only one that called him something else, something special. Maybe dad was right and it was just because he still spoke to the old Ben, sometimes, through the Force, but still. Ben paid attention to names. ‘Try using the Force to understand.’ He tried. It took him time, at that age - not to find the Force (he could always feel it, permeating everything, a rush of understanding that was intoxicating, a rush that painted a smile over Luke’s creases and which made him feel less lonely, when he was left) - but to focus his intentions - that took precious minutes Ben could be using to play battle games, or snap his toys clean in two with the Force. He felt, then, so clearly, so obviously, that C3P0 was a part of the Force, but not in the way that humans, or aliens, or even plants, were part of the Force. He was made from it, surrounded by it, and yet… ’I get it now.’ Ben had said hurriedly, turning to Luke for approval. He still didn’t. Han had blown out a cloud of smoke and drawled: ‘Looks like the Jedi saved the day again. I better go find Chewie.’ ‘Don’t stay out too late,’ Luke had replied, his eyes never leaving Ben’s, ‘I’m cooking tonight.’ ‘More Tatooinian stew? Yeah we’ll be back in, oh, about a parsec.’ Han had responded sarcastically. Leia had stood up from her chair, and drank the last of her coffee. ‘And I need to head back to the consulate.’ She brushed Ben’s arm on the way past. ‘I’ll be straight back,’ she had promised. She would not. Luke got up himself and began to make dinner, and the smell of thick, scalding broth gradually replaced the smell of caf and nicotine blowing into the rain. Three-pee-oh squeezed Ben’s shoulder once more, stiff but always gentle. ‘Now young master Solo. Don’t you think it’s time you had your bath?’ Ben always preferred “Benny” to “Master”. But that was just how Three-pee-oh was, like the not-being-living part and the constantly-demanding-washing part. Reluctantly Ben had nodded. —Going Forwards— Kylo has been watching the Engineer for hours, taking in each measured action, his eyes following the experiment. At first he had paced the length of the laboratory. He had watched the careful dissections, witnessed the other experiments, constantly returning to Hux’s prone body, near the door. He had threatened the Engineers, though Phasma’s presence in the corner more or less kept him from taking out his frustration on them. He had turned it on her, a few times, but his anger never outweighed his curiosity. Kylo was the only one tearing at the seams. Every time he demanded to know Hux’s condition, or demanded an explanation of the contents of the General’s laboratory, she told him that it is too soon to tell, that it is Snoke’s laboratory, not the General’s - the Engineers told him that as an android, Hux will make a full recovery shortly. As an android. So Kylo has stopped shouting, for now. He stands back, his eyes trained on one black wall of the lab. He can see his pale face reflected there. An Engineer steps forward, up to Kylo’s side, hefting a blaster in its small hands. Kylo watches in silence as two more Engineers shuffle into view, dragging a body between them. Hux is limp and naked, and Kylo sees them side-by-side, in the reflection of the wall. In reality Hux is opposite him, his eyes sightless, staring past Kylo’s ear - he is a shell, devoid of consciousness. That knowledge does not make it any easier for Kylo to see him propped against one of the walls of the lab while the Engineer at his side aims his weapon carefully. The lightning bolt illuminates Hux’s vacant eyes as it speeds towards him. It hits him in his left side. His body is pressed against the wall by the impact. Kylo finds he has put one foot forward, half drawing his weapon. The Engineer beside him chitters softly to stay out of the experiment. Its colleagues are already busy hefting the clone onto a metal table. Clone, not Hux. Not really. Kylo is only impressed he has not yet drawn his saber. His mind buzzes with static as they wheel the body away for examination. He senses Captain Phasma approaching from the right and he searches quickly for some other distraction - if he speaks to her now he will truly turn to violence - and it will not be monitors that he breaks over his saber. Kylo moves into the rows of gurneys, hurrying past the latest experiment already being opened up to inspect the damage a blaster can do. Further in the bodies change from post-experimentation to pre-experimentation. He stops by a pale body. Kylo sees the glint of a scalpel out of the corner of his eye and he picks it up - better a scalpel than a saber, he reasons. His reasoning is flawed. An Engineer chitters from across the gurney and Kylo’s attention snaps to it. Its black hands hover above the fresh, red haired Hux-clone, about to make the first incision. The knight watches in silence. After a moment of wariness, the Engineer goes back to its work. With expert precision, it carves off a thin strip of flesh - it is a fishmonger, slicing delicate strips of exotic flesh from thin bones, focussing on the angle of the blade, the line of the ribs. Kylo’s hands itch by his side. Spilled blood should not faze him so - even worse, spilled aqueous fluid, pouring over the Engineer’s fingers, should not make his stomach roll. It is clear, and slightly thicker than water - what possible reason would he have for being disgusted by it? But it is the same substance that leaked from Hux’s body, through the bullet holes in his chest, and Kylo cannot bear to watch it with clean hands. When the creature steps back to get a better view of its incision, Kylo steps forward. The Engineer’s head whips up and it chirps accusingly, but Kylo refuses to understand. He turns the Force of his intent on the creature, sharing his inner turmoil with it. The Engineer whimpers and then goes silent, shaking slightly. It lowers its scalpel. Kylo moves to stand on the left side of the gurney, placing a gloved hand on the cadaver’s naked arm to steady himself, while he contemplates how to continue the Engineer’s work. The right side of the chest has been stripped away, little by little, to by-pass each wire and circuit. Kylo looks into Hux’s wide, unseeing eyes, scalpel poised. He has to glance down at the chest, unmarked by bullet holes, before he can make the first cut. Kylo is a butcher. At first he is horrified, plagued by the thought of touching Hux this way, cutting into his chest. But gradually curiosity overtakes disgust, and with each inch that is exposed he is impatient to discover more. The clone beneath his hands is a glorious balance of organs and circuitry - as delicate and regulated as an atomic clock, yet more resilient. There are no lungs. Kylo pushes aside wiring, crushing circuit boxes into one another, searching deeper into the clone’s chest. His admiration for the machinery of its body is overtaken by a kind of panic. What he is looking for does not exist. The buzzing returns, but Kylo blinks rapidly through it. His left hand pounds against the gurney once with a clang, as he tries to focus his mind on the pain. His right hand cuts and cuts, until a shattering sound brings him to a stop - the clang of metal on metal. Kylo has opened up the clone’s chest, but there is no beating heart in sight. * The knight stumbles away from the clones-cadavers-corpses, back towards Hux. His shaky legs barely carry him over to the door. He leans against it to catch his breath - the air tastes sweeter, closer to an escape. But Kylo cannot leave, not while the General is still unconscious. He draws in deep breaths, his eyes tightly shut. His emotions cycle in and out, a tide that continues to pull him under: concern, betrayal, confusion, dragging him beneath the waves, making him an accomplice to the horrors of this place. And what reason does he have to feel concerned, for a creature such as Hux? Or betrayed, for that matter - by what, a lump of metal? Because the Supreme Leader lied to him? Because Hux lied to him? Sins of omission all - Kylo has be betrayed by omission his whole life. Because he pushed and pushed, thinking himself in control, when all the while he was being outmanoeuvred? My Master, what reason did he have to keep this from me? Am I not trusted? And what was your endgame, General? A personal bodyguard at your beck and call, or just a cheap pastime-? Kylo notices a stickiness on the hand that is keeping him steady against the wall, and he examines it to find that the blood and fluid on his gloves is drying and growing tacky. Disgusted and disturbed, he pulls his hand down his tunic, but it only spreads the gore. The reflective black hides the red, just as his tunic soaks it up as if it were no more offensive than water, but Kylo can feel it there too, coating his clothing. His fingers itch and twitch with the need to remove his gloves. ‘Ren.’ ‘Not now Captain,’ he hisses, his eyes wide. Phasma is approaching from behind, her voice stretched as taunt as Kylo’s nerves. ‘What do you think you are doing?’ Kylo drags himself away from the wall and turns to face his opponent. ‘Why, conducting an experiment, of course Captain,’ rumbles his sarcastic response. ‘You may have gained entry to the lab due to… unforeseen circumstances, but you do not have clearance to see any of this, let alone participate. You will not touch the… the cadavers again. I will not allow it.’ ‘You are welcome to try and stop me, Captain.’ Phasma is unmoved by the threat. ‘Everything that happens here is conducted on the Supreme Leader’s orders, and you are no exception to that, Ren. I suggest you discuss the matter with him personally.’ ‘And what matter would that be? ‘I have no time for your threats. You will not destroy the experiments again. And you will refrain from mentioning anything of the General’s… condition to the crew. Is that clear?’ Confusion has given way to anger, anger which Kylo turns against the Captain at full-force. And she was laughing too, enjoying the deception. Watching me run around after the General. Reporting everything to Snoke- ‘I am sorry Captain. I don’t think I heard you clearly at all.’ Kylo hisses, and stretches out his hand in a single, vicious motion. Phasma tenses, and she is lifted off the floor by the motion. Although her hand does not fly to her throat, Kylo can hear the broken sounds of her trying to speak through the Force-choke. He relishes them. His rage builds. ‘What it not clear that Iyat posed a threat? Was it not clear that an attempt would be made, while the fleet was in close quarters?’ Kylo’s voice grows louder and louder, until he is bellowing while Phasma’s feet swing in mid air. ‘Was there not the slightest indication that-‘ ‘Ren. Put the Captain down at once,’ a clipped, clear voice orders, in the tone of a scolding parent. Kylo loses his grip on the Force out of pure shock. Phasma falls to the floor with a clang. Hux is half-rising from his gurney - his eyes are blearily trained on Kylo, and his mouth is twisted into a disgusted glare. Instead of passing out, the Captain gets to her feet, appearing totally unfazed in her chrome armour. ‘Have you lost all kriffing sense boy ?’ Hux sneers characteristically. ‘Trying to choke an android? I think you’ll find the Captain lacks the lungs which make your party trick so effective.’ He collapses back onto the gurney, exhausted. ‘Sir.’ Phasma advances towards her General. Kylo’s teeth are set on edge by her voice, dry and completely unaffected by his choke-hold. ‘You are dismissed, Captain.’ Hux is using the last of his energy to straighten his ruined uniform around his chest where it was cut away by the Engineers. ‘And Ren-‘ ‘No doubt it would take far too long for him to be successfully removed. And you have a starship to run, in my absence. ‘We are currently stalled in the shadow of planet U4K3 awaiting-‘ ‘The you have orders to move off, Captain, as soon as possible. We continue for Coruscant.’ ‘Sir.’ Phasma salutes, gives Kylo one final look, and leaves as she has been ordered. Kylo does not stop her. He is frozen in place. ‘Phasma is an android?’ He demands, striding over to the raised dais. Hux cracks an eye as he approaches, glaring at Kylo from the corner of it. ‘Captain Phasma. And have you not yet realised that I, too, am an android, Ren? That is embarrassing, even for you.’ ‘That isn’t- I-‘ ‘You have a theory, I suppose.’ ‘A theory?’ Kylo steps up so he is looming over Hux. Once again he is struck by how fragile the General can look, in the wrong light. Even the small metal circles that follow the path of moles across his chest, and the piece covering his abdomen, make him seem pitiful rather than invincible. ‘A theory, yes. About how I was created? About how I became part of the Order? About how I was promoted to General, keeping my secret all the while? Any of the above? Kylo hasn’t thought about that at all, he realises. ‘I have been… preoccupied.’ Even squinting up at Kylo’s face, Hux manages to look down his nose at the knight. ‘Preoccupied with what , Ren? In the time that I have been unconscious you seem to have done little more than pace around this room terrorising my Engineers and my Captain. Is that a fair assessment?’ ‘I killed her. The Lieutenant.’ Copper fills Kylo’s mouth at the memory, at the rush of endorphins when he had cut Hux’s assassin to pieces with two strikes of his saber - one to kill her, the other to satisfy his anger. ‘And what a challenge that must have been for you. One suicidal petty officer against the Supreme Leader’s apprentice.’ ‘Hux,’ Kylo warns, gripping the General’s arm. ‘Enough deflection. I have no need for theories - you are going to tell me everything. Now.’ Hux jerks his arm to remove Kylo’s grip, grimacing. The knight leaves a red hand-print behind. ‘It looks like you have done some investigating after all. However, what the Captain said I shall repeat: my resources are not at your disposal, nor are my experiments. As for the truth , you will have to ask the Supreme Leader.’ ‘I will hear it from you, Hux. Now.’ Kylo reaches out again. ‘Get your hand off me boy. ’ Hux spits, surging upwards, using a strength Kylo cannot fathom coming from his thin limbs to tear the knight’s fingers off him. ‘Regardless of whether or not I am inclined to tell you, I am the Supreme Leader’s creation - all of my truths are his to tell.’ Hux’s eyes go distant suddenly, as if he focussing on something internal. ‘And would you look at that: the Supreme Leader has summoned you for an audience. Who could ask for more perfect timing?’ Kylo wants to hit something. Badly. ‘I cannot go to Snoke now.’ ‘And why in the Galaxy not?’ Hux grumbles. He slumps backwards again, his voice weaker, strained. ‘The Supreme Leader is a being of immense power, General. For him, the ability to read a mind is child’s-play - even my mind.’ ‘And why is that any concern of mine, Ren?’ ‘Because.’ Kylo leans in as close as possible, panic building in his chest, adding to his confusion and his splitting headache. ‘I have not yet meditated. I do not know if it is even possible for me to keep things from my Master, but it certainly would not be were I to face him now. He would have access to my every thought, my every urge - to my memories of our night together.’ Hux emits something like a choke. ‘There was no night together, Ren.’ ‘There was. There was… fraternisation.’ Kylo’s eyes are wide and his heart is pounding painfully against his ribs. His face is inches from Hux’s, his hands gripping the edge of the metal gurney so hard he expects to dent it. ‘There were… thoughts, unbecoming of a Sith. There were-‘ ‘And what makes you think the Supreme Leader does not already know? What is to say that he did not realise the path you were walking before you found yourself invading my quarters that night? Go now, Ren. Whether you are prepared or not, you cannot keep our Master waiting.’ ‘Hux-‘ ‘I will say no more.’ Kylo releases the gurney violently in frustration, and steps away. ‘We will discuss these… matters again, when I return, General.’ ‘When you return?’ Hux laughs darkly, turning his head away. Kylo steps back off the dais, his eyes still on Hux’s ginger hair. He marvels, for a moment, at his Master’s skill - what power does it take, he wonders, to have the ability to create something so true to life, and yet so superior to it, that it could infuriate me so, fascinate me so, make me think that-? The anger and confusion returns again, like a cresting wave, and Kylo hurries away - to Hux’s quarters, first, to collect his mask, then to his own, to remove the cloying gloves, and finally to the holo-chamber, to face his judgement. —S— The holo-chamber is entirely dark until Snoke flickers into being in its centre. The other lights flicker on, illuminating him from below. ‘Reduce the strength of the transmission,’ he orders an Engineer without glancing over to it. ‘Until the holo blurs. My apprentice must not see me. Yet.’ Once the necessary adjustments have been made, Snoke summons his apprentice. The officer on duty scurries away, a look of terror in her eyes, no doubt at the prospect of finding Kylo Ren and ordering him to do anything. Snoke waits. He continues to wait. With each passing moment his emotions heighten. Snoke is not a being of much feeling. Time has stripped him of it, mostly. However, as a being of destruction as much as one of creation, he does marvel at what his apprentice has accomplished - revealing in the android certain capacities which heretofore Snoke could not have anticipated. Nevertheless, Kylo Ren has failed. The Supreme Leader’s mind slips backwards and forwards between anticipation and contempt. There is such potential in Ren, and yet the way he chooses to wield his power. Pathetic. When Ren does arrive, he is a shambles. His mind roils like a storm at sea, and the Force swirls around him, equally agitated. Snoke pushes himself into Ren’s thoughts and sorts through the well of unchecked emotion trying to tears its way out of Ren’s mouth as his apprentice hurries to the foot of his projection. Ren gets to one knee and bows, removing his mask, and Snoke sees his fear, his confusion, his horror, and his concern for Hux written inside and out. Pathetic. Snoke pushes further into the swells and forces meaning into the chaos. Relief . He has not been wearing the mask now for almost two galactic days - when he had hastily shoved the cowl on it had felt suffocating as it rarely did. Removing it again is sweet, sweet- Fear . Hux hisses in his ear, how much he enjoyed Kylo’s agony, what entertainment he provided, thanks for the assistance, such as it was. Hux dies a thousand times behind his eyes: in the clearing, in the hallway, in the control room of Bakura base, in the shadows of the laboratory, on the gurney. Hux lies back and sighs in disappointment. “Have you not yet realised that I, too, am an android, Ren?” Relief . Hux is alive. In fact, Hux is made of steel - unbreakable. He likes the thought. Actually he finds the thought overwhelming, all-consuming, drowning out the others. Hux the android. Hux the cyborg. Hux the clone. Hux the computer programme. Which is it? Hux who does not die from a bullet. Who will not be intimidated by his powers. Who cannot be broken in a petty display of anger. Who might be convinced, yet, to go another night. Fear . Snoke will know. Snoke will hear. Snoke will be so disappointed- ‘Master.’ Ren’s voice shakes. The Supreme Leader leans forward, judgement in his eyes. Desperation. He cannot see his Master’s face. He cannot see his Master’s expression. What if he already knows? What if-? ‘The holo is grainy, Master. I should demand-‘ ‘The holo will do. The signal may be weak, for you, Kylo Ren, but I have an excellent view.’ Snoke laces his words with menace. Desperation. Tell him of Iyat’s treachery. Demand to pursue the Admiral. Speak. You must- ‘My plans for you have not changed, Lord Ren. You will split from the fleet at Csilla and join me to continue your training.’ ‘But Master,’ Ren gasps, finding his tongue at last. ‘I can catch Iyat. I can punish those that would defy you - those that would target your proxy - those that would see the General-‘ ‘Silence, my apprentice.’ Snoke’s voice is dangerously tight. ‘We will discuss your failure.’ He demands. Ren lifts his head in shock, exposing his face. Snoke reads in those wide eyes that disappointment is what will cut this creature deepest - he does not mean to cut, not yet. ‘How have I failed you, Master?’ ‘I have been testing you, Lord Ren,’ Snoke murmurs, as close to soothing as he is capable of being - his voice harsh and his tone dry. ‘If you did not fail, occasionally, then it would be proof that you were not progressing in your training. However, in order for you to progress, in order for you to learn from me, you must trust in my plan.’ ‘Master-‘ ‘Do not interrupt me, my apprentice. I will answer all of your questions in person, soon. For now know this: revenge is beneath you. As are these petty, physical attachments you are forming with my General. You will cleanse them from your system. With my help.’ Kylo is completely silent, completely still. His thoughts turn to Hux. They make Snoke nauseous, even transmitted half-way across the Galaxy. Fury and excitement gather in his throat - Kylo is destroying his plans, but in doing so, he will create new ones. ‘He is exquisite, is he not? My creation.’ ‘Master,’ Ren is a child unsure how to please his father. ‘He is-‘ ‘Exactly as I want him to be: perfectly loyal, perfectly ruthless. And he was never intended for this. It has been a fascinating experiment, Ren, but it ends the moment you reach Csilla.’ Kylo searches for reassurance, but he does not find it in the amorphous blob of Snoke’s shoddy holo. ‘Kylo.’ The Supreme Leader pushes back his own anger. Kylo moves towards the name he was given as though a spell has been cast over him. ‘If you truly wish to gain my power, then these petty ambitions are beneath you. My creation is one of many tools, objects to be bent to our purposes - our ambitions are on a Galactic scale. Do not lie to me: you wish to own my droid. I see that. But you could have so much more. You could hold a Galaxy in the palm of your hand. You could become the creator. Ren’s brow furrows, his mind trying to accept his master’s complements. The crippling insecurity of years of disappointment holds him back. He is exactly as Snoke intends him to be - his every weakness has been created, and when the time is right, they will be eliminated. He is perfect, except for a tiny glitch: those thoughts of Hux, still clogging up his head, obstructing the flow of the Force. They will be eradicated, in time. ‘You are dismissed, my apprentice. You may not believe my words now, but in time, you will come to see their truth.’ The knight takes a while to straighten up, don his mask and leave. Snoke watches him go with satisfaction - Ren will return to him, in a short while. He never disappoints his Master for very long. —H— Hux wakes from a dream in which Iyat publicly beat him with a wooden sword in front of the crew of the Finaliser, and finds that he has finally finished recharging after another (albeit minor) scrape with death. ‘Androids should not be forced to endure dreaming.’ He announces to no one. {{ multiple brain pathways : impossible to neutralise : dreaming is a byproduct of the human brain’s ability to— }} Hux cuts off the Engineer’s chittering as it shuffles over and begins assessing his readouts. ‘Enough. I understand the physiology of it all.’ He snaps his fingers and the Engineer disappears off. It takes Hux several agonising minutes to make it to his feet and moving. His neck is stiff and he cannot quite look down at his repaired chest. His toes feel blindly for the floor as he balances off the edge of the bed, and Hux is only glad that Ren is not here to witness this embarrassing display. The General gets both feet on the floor, then makes his way slowly to the wall behind the operating table, so he can inspect his recovery in its murky surface. In the darkness he can see his skin, bleached grey, and the three dark circles where the blaster shots struck him, now plugged with metal. The constellation must be repeated beneath his shoulder blades. She was a good shot then, at least. Hux thinks wryly, thumb stroking the metal plug that should have hit his heart. A fatal first shot. And two more for insurance. If only she’d had all the facts. One thing he knows for sure: he will not kill Iyat with a blaster. Pathetic. He tells himself viciously. The Rebels got closer to killing me that you, Admiral. Perhaps he’ll send a communique to that effect to Iyat aboard the First Order Star Destroyer he stole to make good his escape. I should have killed the man years ago. He thinks first, and then: He will recompense me for that ship, soon . Hux is not particularly angry about the shots - they were pathetic, after all. But the ship, and the officers he took with him - Iyat will pay for them. Overall, Hux decides, he is satisfied with his condition. Although the patched-up wounds are garish and unsightly, the wiring beneath them has been refused and his computer cells replaced. Hux will soon make a full recovery. The General dresses slowly, his joints sealed tight and ungainly. His left arm ignites with fire as he shrugs on his jacket - the return of yet another tedious phantom-pain. A quick check of his internal clock tells Hux that alpha shift is just beginning. He smooths down his hair, presses a pale hand to his chest to steady himself, and strides in the direction of the bridge. * There is a look that says “you are meant to be dead.” Hux has seen it before. He saw it in the Commandant’s eyes once. He saw it in Ren’s eyes, too, when the knight barged into his quarters, for the first time. He wants to see it in Iyat’s eyes, someday soon. He can see it now, in the eyes of the men and women he pushes past. The halls are filled with bodies due to the shift change. The stream of officers continues to move, though when they see him their strides falter, disrupting the flow. In the seconds before they notice his presence, Hux catches snippets of their conversations. ‘-in critical-‘ ‘-still on course-‘ ‘-dead. Killed by a lightsaber-‘ ‘That’s impossible Colonel. What reason would Lord Ren have to be-‘ ‘-don’t like him. Who does? But-‘ ‘-heard the Admiral and have supporters have deserted the Order-‘ ‘-then why have we resumed course-?’ ‘What are they staring-?’ ‘-but I’ll see you in beta cycle. We can get caf-‘ Hux’s eyes are drawn to a pair of troopers in front of him, their voices low. He wonders if he is misreading their intimacy as one bows his head towards the other. Then the trooper looks up and stops in his tracks. Hux keeps moving. ‘-don’t cite regulation at me, Farnal-‘ ‘-never got my time planet-side-‘ ‘-the engine malfunctions-‘ ‘-I heard that General Hux and Lord Ren have found, hmm, “common ground”, if you catch my drift-‘ The smug voice is carried away by the crowds, but Hux makes a mental note of its timbre. He will be able to pick out the officer in question later, he has no doubt. The corridors leading to the bridge are less crowded - restricted to third rank clearance and above . Hux feels relief as the corridors empty, and his path is only interrupted by the occasional wide-eyed salute from a passing officer. Finally, he steps on the bridge and surveys the room. ‘-but Captain,’ Mitaka’s nervous voice warbles, ‘if the General is incapacitated protocol states that we should turn back, particularly with the engines-‘ ‘I believe protocol states that you should follow the orders of your superiors, Lieutenant.’ Hux steps forward, watching Mitaka take in his still-living form. The boy’s expression is amusingly bug-eyed. ‘G-General, y-you are-‘ ‘Alive and still fit to command my own ship, yes Lieutenant. We can only be thankful that Second Lieutenant Maker had such appalling aim.’ Hux’s tone is light, but his meaning is anything but. ‘Were she not already dead, she would be punished for more than just an attempted coup. I expect all of my senior officers to continue honing their skills while off duty.’ ‘Y-yes Sir.’ Mitaka agrees. Hux strides into the room to stand before him, and up close he can see that the boy is shaking slightly. ‘We have uncovered many traitors amongst our ranks in the last week, and I have not yet had the chance to discipline any of them. A shame, don’t you think Mitaka?’ ‘Y-yes Sir.’ Mitaka is very pale. ‘Now I understand that recent events have made us all paranoid. But the Captain is and will always be a loyal soldier, and her orders should be followed as if they can from the Supreme Leader himself. Is that understood, Lieutenant?’ Mitaka stands to attention, saluting weakly. ‘Y-yes sir.’ ‘As for my condition,’ now Hux addresses the room of eaves-dropping officers, ‘as I said, I sustained little more than a graze from Maker’s blaster before she was… incapacitated. I will have made a full recovery before we reach Coruscant.’ He lies. ‘Captain,’ he turns to Phasma, ‘I want a debriefing as soon as possible.’ Phasma nods sharply. ‘Now, then, sir.’ Hux nods and turns to leave. ’S-sir?’ Not Mitaka. Another officer. Impatiently, Hux whips his head back, his eyebrow raised. ‘Yes, officer…?’ ‘Second communications officers Rayon, sir. I…’ The woman finally forces herself to look him in the eye. ‘I wanted to congratulate you sir, on the battle. Many of us did not get the chance to shake your hand after the celebrations.’ She extends her hand, and Hux has a flash of the assassin in her black uniform, raising a gun at him in the corridor to his quarters. The General shakes it off and steps forward. He takes the officer’s hand and shakes it firmly. The response is overwhelming. Suddenly every officer on the bridge wants a turn, and though it is time-consuming, the awe and admiration in their eyes as he passes by each of them makes pride swell behind Hux’s wounds. When the congratulations are finished, Hux guestures to Phasma, who follows him out of the room. Hux ducks inside the Main Ops room opposite the bridge, deserted and immaculate. Phasma closes the door behind them both. * ‘What is this I am hearing about engines?’ Hux wastes no time. ‘Sir, we are back on course to Coruscant. However, the journey is set to take us longer than anticipated.’ ‘How much longer?’ ‘Three days to reach the Csilla System, even using light-speed capabilities. Eight more at least until we arrive at Coruscant.’ ‘The Finaliser has the most advanced thrust-capacitor of any vessel in the fleet, Captain. What could be causing the delay?’ ‘We have yet to isolate a cause for the reduced speed, sir. She is stable, but her engines are not running at full capacity, and we have no light speed capabilities.’ Hux feels as though the floor is moving under him - his ship, crooning into a slower gear, as injured as he is. ‘The she will need a full audit when we dock on Coruscant.’ Phasma agrees silently. ‘Mitaka will oversee the engine rooms meanwhile - the engineers will continue to search for contributing factors. I don’t want us stalling in dead Space.’ ‘Sir.’ Hux pauses for a long moment, giving his Captain a sharp look. Phasma does not so much as twitch - she can be as disciplined (and stubborn) as he, at times. ‘Phasma.’ ‘Yes sir?’ ‘You have something to say, I presume?’ ‘Sir?’ Hux is tired of having to walk his partner through confrontations. ‘Concerning the nature of my… brush with the wrong end of a blaster.’ ‘I couldn’t say what you-‘ ‘Ren. In my rooms, Captain. Conveniently on hand to cut down a would-be-assassin. Now privy to my secret, and angry about it.’ Hux snaps, exasperated. ‘I have no comment to make on the matter.’ ‘You told me it would be foolish to… engage with him.’ ‘And I was assured that you would not forget those words in the space of a few days, no matter how many holes Lieutenant Maker burned into you.’ For a moment, Hux hears a frustration in Phasma’s tone that locks up his protocols and his tongue. ‘Do you disagree sir?’ ‘No. It was foolish.’ Hux responds heavily. Phasma tilts her head. ‘If you would like to discuss the matter more, might I suggest visiting the counsellor’s office? I’m sure they would be only too happy to fit their commander into their schedule.’ ‘Thank you for the advice, Captain.’ Hux presses through grit teeth. ‘I will take it into consideration. Your ability to speak freely is at an end.’ ‘Yes, sir.’ Phasma snaps to attention. ‘This debriefing is at an end, then.’ Perhaps he needs to give Phasma some down time, Hux considers. He dismisses the thought. She would not take it if he did. ‘There is one more matter, sir.’ Hux turns back. His mind flashes instantly to Ren. ‘What wreckage has he made of my ship now?’ He snaps. ‘Surprisingly, there have been no incidents since the battle.’ Phasma sounds shrewd beneath her mask, and Hux does not like knowing that he is capable of amusing her, least of all without intending to do so. ‘Then what is it?’ ‘A summons from the Supreme Leader, sir-‘ ‘What?’ Hux immediately moves towards the door to the conference room. ‘Why did you not-?’ ‘Requesting your presence tomorrow, at 0500 Galactic Standard Time. Sir,’ Phasma finishes. ‘In the meantime, he has ordered that you regain your strength. I have informed the crew that you were merely grazed by a shot or two, nothing more. However, you will need to remain at half-duty, at least until we reach Csilla, to keep up appearances.’ Hux swallows his protests. Phasma he can override, but not Snoke. The spare hours would also allow him to start a new project: the systematic location and obliteration of Iyat and all that turned tail with him. Ren flashes into his head again, lying next to him that morning, one large hand running through his hair. Hux presses his nails into the memory and viciously screws it into a ball, his hands clamping reflexively over his wrists behind his back. ‘Very well. You will find me in my quarters.’ ‘And you will find Ren in your quarters too, sir.’ Phasma is, as always, unreadable. The way Hux used to be. ‘Or so the Engineer stationed outside your door has informed me. Should I send someone to remove him - Lieutenant Mitaka, perhaps?’ She might be unreadable, but Hux would wager that the Captain has developed a sense of humour. ‘That will not be necessary.’ * Phasma may be trying her hand at sarcasm (a worrying prospect) but she is not wrong. Ren is sitting straight-backed on the General’s bed, staring out of the viewport, when he returns to his quarters. Tension shivers through Hux’s reinforced bones like electricity - somehow both exciting and uncomfortable. He is ill-prepared for the very situation that Phasma had warned him off - Ren, carrying the only ammunition that could hurt him. The knight’s expression is blank now, but in a moment it will turn to contempt. His head will turn, his mouth will drop, and his penchant for taking out his anger of nearby electronics will become a very real problem for the General - because Ren knows too much. He should be on the defensive - he should attack Ren before Ren can attack him. Hux stays silent. ‘Have you spoken to the Supreme Leader?’ Ren’s voice is as deep as ever, but it lacks the force he usually laces through it. He sounds resigned. ‘Tomorrow,’ Hux responds, unsure how to sound, so he ends up sounding unsure. Ren looks over to him at last, and his mouth down not turn down. He has none of the uncontrollable energy that Hux sees right before a control panel starts smoking. Ren’s eyes are wide and vulnerable, though it is the General whose secrets have been laid bare, to be used against him. ‘And what was the content of your discussion with our Master and Creator?’ Hux asks. Ren looks away. When he speaks again, his voice is far too ominous for his words. ‘Before I become what I am… before Snoke… the boy who I was born as…’ ‘That is not something you have to explain to me.’ Hux says tightly. Kylo’s face moves slightly, acknowledging his words. ‘That boy’s… father always loved machines. It was something he never understood - the need to take something apart just to see how it worked. His uncle, too - he was always good at fixing things. The boy… only ever seemed to be able to break them, even back then, though he tried so hard to be good.’ The words are raw, and they drip with insecurity like a freshly butchered carcass. Hux does not want to see the pathetic creature that Ren is exposing with each slice of flesh - a creature like Ren, surely, would only reveal something like that if he intended to kill the listener. Hux moves to the bed and squares himself up for a fight. He removes his gloves, and places them carefully on the bedpost. ‘You want to break me?’ He asks, or rather warns. I am made of steel , he does not say. I would break you back if you tried . He does not say. ‘I want to take you apart.’ Ren turns to him and says the words, with an expression that takes Hux entirely off guard. A Hux’s body twitches involuntarily. Ren stands and presses into the General’s space in a single, fluid motion. Hux looks down, feeling as though he is observing himself at a distance. There are two bare hands on his lapels. We both took off our gloves, he thinks, ridiculously. ‘I want to know how you work.’ Ren’s fingers slide under his tight collar, around the back of his neck, and slowly stroke down the port at the base of his skull. Hux’s vision flickers before returning to normal. Ren’s hands move down over his back and settle over his waist. Hux needs to stop this. ‘And I want to fuck you.’ Ren’s words make Hux choke, like a burst of static. ‘So you have a fetish then. For androids.’ Hux sneers - which makes Ren laugh, which is a mistake - the chuckle passes from Ren’s body through Hux’s and it sets off another shiver. ‘Do I? I believe those were my intentions towards you before I found out about… the lab.’ ‘And now?’ Hux snaps. He tries not to be worried about the response. He does not succeed. ‘As I said… I never had any affinity with machines, though it runs in my blood - the blood of my grandfather. So I find it curious,’ Hux’s eyes are focussed on Ren’s shoulder. If he looks up, he will meet the knight’s gaze, staring down at him. ‘That you should be an “android”. That I should be so curious, so distracted, so…’ ‘Kylo…’ Despite himself Hux looks up, and his limbs lock at the intensity in Kylo’s eyes. He can see the blood-soaked carcass that Snoke skinned and butchered behind Kylo’s eyes - the boy with the family that died when Kylo was created. He should not be seeing this. Their intimacy hangs heavy in the air, like the smell of blood. Where are all your fears about the Supreme Leader? Where is your disgust? Where is your anger? Hux does not say. ‘You haven’t told me-‘ he does say, but Kylo cuts him short. Now his voice is urgent, heated. ‘I have until Csilla. We have until Csilla. Throw me out or keep me, General. The choice is yours.’ ‘Throw you out?’ Hux asks, his voice quiet. Suddenly the Finaliser is moving too fast - so fast that the floor beneath Hux’s feet is shifting. ‘And have you tear apart every droid on my ship? I think not.’ ‘General-‘ Kylo is gripping Hux at the waist now, those large hands stretching his jacket. Hux grips Kylo back, as if they are back on the gurney, jerking towards a fireball. ‘You can stay, Ren. But you cannot take me apart.’ As soon as the words are out Ren is kissing him - harshly, painfully, sending warning signals zipping from his probability computer. Suddenly Ren breaks away again wildly. Hux grips him tighter, to keep his feet on the ground. ‘Can I fuck you instead?’ Hux almost laughs. Almost. Instead he kisses. * Hands clutching skin, teeth clutching hands. There is no need for Hux to tell Kylo that he is unbreakable. The knight already knows it. His fingers grip at red hair and pale skin - they will not leave blue marks down Hux’s legs. And he kisses violently at Hux’s lips, roughly at Hux’s hips - his mouth cannot make blood bloom under the skin. But the indents will remain - the ones of jagged nails and the ones of straight teeth, which he presses into the General’s soft flesh. The first time Hux bites back is a revelation - Kylo gasps and curls into a lovely arch. Hux uses the momentum to change their position, straddling Kylo’s waist. It seems the rougher he gets the gentler Kylo becomes - stroking up his arms, circling his slim waist, marvelling at their different dimensions. It makes Hux want to curl up and hide from the scrutiny - and sprawl out and purr at the attention. Kylo’s body is a furnace - it makes Hux lean down into it - pressing into his skin. It makes Hux’s hands roam down his chest, following the lines of his hips, gripping his eager cock, making him shout. Unlike a furnace, Kylo is sweating - there is moisture dripping of his skin and pre-cum at the head of his prick - and when he wraps his legs around Hux’s body, the android is enveloped in the overwhelming sensation of being surrounded by Kylo Ren. As Hux begins to jerk Kylo off, he becomes aware that the electricity humming through his body has changed course, shivering down his sides and into his cock, making it jerk against Kylo’s stomach. Remembering some fumbling in a dorm after lights-out a lifetime ago, Hux starts to rut into his soft belly. Suddenly Kylo’s legs clamp shut like a vice, trapping him between them. Hux is pushed over onto his back, and he looks up to watch Kylo get to his knees over him. Kylo begins to kiss down his chest. ‘You weren’t enjoying yourself?’ Hux’s voice is as clear as ever, but he cannot quite remember what he just said. Kissing each of the plugged holes in his chest on a path downwards, Kylo responds: ‘Very much.’ ‘Then why on earth did you stop me?’ Hux is finding the sensation of Kylo biting marks into his stomach is very distracting - especially when the knight scrapes his teeth over the metal patch on Hux’s abdomen. ‘I have some ideas of my own.’ Hux forces his head up to meet Kylo’s eyes where the knight is lying between his legs. Kylo’s wild black hair is spilling over Hux’s thighs. Very deliberately he places his mouth over Hux’s cock. ‘That’s always dangerous.’ Hux mumbles,before Kylo strokes his tongue upwards, maintaining eye-contact. And then: ‘Ugh, Ren, you’re-‘ Hux’s cock falls limply from Kylo’s mouth so the knight can grin and say: ‘I like it better when you call me Kylo.’ ‘What are you doing? Put it back in you fool.’ Hux snaps, afraid Kylo has been teasing him all this time. Kylo lets out a short bark of laughter. ‘But there’s still something missing.’ He does tease, stretching out one hand. ‘What-?’ Demands Hux crossly as a Kylo roots around for something in his crumpled, balled up tunic, before kicking it to the floor. Kylo leans down and sucks him between his lips once more, cutting Hux off from his anger. Kylo’s mouth is overwhelmingly hot. His head falls back in ecstasy. The General is so preoccupied that he does not react to the sound of a cap popping-off. But when he feels cool, wet fingers curling his balls, his knees lock up involuntarily and he cries out. ‘Ren? What are-!’ Kylo sucks harder, and Hux pushes into the sensation. As the cool sensation travels down to his taint, Hux’s mind starts to focus on the unique feeling. Kylo’s finger travels further down, and his hand cups one cheek of Hux’s arse, tilting his hip. Hux’s muscles lock again when Kylo’s fingers brush his hole. ‘Ren-‘ ‘I said call me Kylo,’ Ren croaks, sounding as fractured as Hux feels - his voice breaks on every third syllable. Hux loves the sound. ‘You never answered my question, Hux. Can I fuck you?’ Kylo’s finger presses down on the ring of muscle along with his words. Hux resets his optics and meets Kylo’s gaze above him. He bites his lip against the sensation. ‘You may open me up.’ He whispers. Kylo groans and his mouth gets back to work. Hux off-lines his optics and focusses on the sensation of that finger, probing gently at first, then harder, until every one of the android’s limbs is shaking with the incomplete pleasure. ‘Now, now Ren.’ He begs, though he does not intend to. His hand grips Ren too tight, and Ren’s teeth scrape his cock, and he has three fingers in his hole. Ren moves off him as he requested. Hux is left bereft of his heat, for a moment. Then Ren takes his legs in each hand. Hux grits his teeth when he feels Ren lift his arse and press against him. For a moment the General is entirely lucid - how the hell did he find his way here? He should be on the bridge, overseeing his crew, in service of the Finaliser. He should be sitting at his desk, alone, going through reports in service of the Order - he should be down in the lab, experimenting on his clones in service of his Master. Instead he is holding onto Kylo as tightly as he can and letting out a shocked groan at the stretch of his prick. ‘H-Hux.’ Kylo is undone as well, his fingers scraping at Hux’s skin, his mouth hot and humid at Hux’s jaw, his hair tickling Hux’s neck. ‘I- I didn’t expect you to be so hot .’ He stutters, his hips jerking. ‘I-inside.’ Hux shouldn’t be undone by such simple words, but Kylo’s voice is laced with a childish type of wonder that makes the android’s fingers clench in the bedsheets. ‘Kylo,’ he says at last, as Ren begins to move his hips. ‘Kylo,’ when he comes with his hands around his own cock, minutes later. ‘Kylo,’ when the knight finishes himself, rough and gloriously undone, and settles heavily against his chest. He mouths it when Snoke’s apprentice goes to fetch them a wet cloth. He presses into Kylo’s skin with the knight curls up next to him. And he thinks it much later, while sitting at his desk going through paperwork, when he turns around to make sure the same body is taking up one side of his bed. In that moment, he thinks Kylo looks very much like the wounded, disappointing little boy in his memory, and he doesn’t mind at all. Notes: I'm just putting a quick note here and on Breathing Apparatus - I feel like my story has gotten thinner as I've been writing it, stretched over the plot holes I've been ignoring! So while I'm writing the next chapter, I'm also going back and making some significant changes: the biggest is Hux's anatomy as an android. I feel like I've copped out a bit and made him a human with some extra wiring, so I'm currently figuring out how to make him more non-human but keep things sexy - i.e. Kylo doesn't find out too quickly. I feel like androids not having tongues and... other body parts might make more sense, but then I'd have to cut all the charged scenes up to Act VI and I like them too much for that... If you have any opinions or advice / would be willing to do a little bit of beta-ing for me let me know! Also apologies for rewriting - my readership is important especially because it is small, and I don't want to lose whatever it is about this story that made it worth slogging through for you - I just want to make sure you it's a good as it can be so I don't lose my way with the plot and the characters, now we're coming to half way / two thirds of r way through the fic!