Hux: Ren, come to my quarters immediately. Thanks to Admiral Bokka’s cancellation I have half an hour free. Ren: my whole fist Ren: wait Ren: fuck Ren: sorry i was in a different window when u popped up Hux: … Ren: ill be right there Hux: Wait. No. Hux: Stay where you are. Hux: What other window were you typing in? Ren: nothing Hux: That answer doesn’t even make grammatical sense, Ren. Ren: ill come now ok? Hux: I’m not sure you’re going to get to come at all tonight. Ren: ?????? Hux: Who. Were you. Talking to? Ren: ??? nobody Hux: What was that about your fist? Ren: fuck hux dont ask me that Hux: I’ll ask you whatever I please, and you’ll answer. Ren: dammit hux Ren: come on Ren: huuuuuxxxxxxxx Hux: I’m waiting. Ren: i wanst typing to any1 Hux: Then what WERE you typing? Ren: hux pls Hux: Answer. Ren: just personal stuff Hux: Like…a diary? Hux: I’m waiting, Ren. Was it a diary? Ren: yes Hux: Documenting your sexual exploits, were you? Only I know *I* am not acquainted with your whole fist, so I wonder who else you’ve been fucking? Ren: no Ren: thats not Ren: hux Ren: just let me come over Hux: We’re done, Ren. Ren: no look Ren: its not stuff ive done its stuff i want to do Ren: wth u Ren: hux u didnt block me did u Ren: say smth Ren: hux its ok its just ideas u dont have to do it Hux: Let me get this straight. You want to put your fist inside me. Ren: yea Ren: i mean it would take awhile Ren: id work u up to it Ren: every day id finger u open more Ren: was thinking maybe a butt plug too? Ren: or like a bunch of plugs and just work up to bigger and bigger Ren: and then ud be ready Ren: and id make u take my whole fist Ren: fill u up so full hux Ren: show u how much u can take Hux: I’ll admit, Ren, I am intrigued. Ren: yessssssss Hux: But if I allow you to act on this fantasy, you’ll have to agree to one of mine. Ren: what Ren: ill do it Hux: Will you? Will you wear a special collar, a collar just for you, at all times? When you’re working? Even sometimes when you sleep? Ren: fuck Ren: yes hux give me a collar Hux: Mmm. You’ll wear it while you kneel before me, waiting for permission to suck my cock. Ren: yea Hux: I’ll slip my finger beneath it at the back of your neck, tugging backward just enough for discomfort. Ren: ill try hard not to choke and ill hold very still for u Hux: I’ll pull tighter, cutting off your air. Ren: yessss hux i wont be able to breathe and ill want to like reach up and tear ur hand off but i wont Ren: ill kneel for u and let u choke me and ill feel all floaty and wait for everything to go black Hux: I’ll let you breathe again, slip my finger out and let you gasp for breath, and I’ll tell you what a good boy you are. Ren: ill be so hard hux Hux: Will you? Are you hard now? Ren: yes Hux: But I won’t touch you. I’ll look at your big red cock, how precome has already started dripping from the tip, and I’ll tell you how depraved you are. Ren: yes pls Hux: You’re a filthy animal, desperate for my cock, desperate for my mouth, desperate even just for a single finger. Anything you can get. Ren: yes Hux: I’ll clip a leash to your collar and lead you to the bed. Ren: yes omg Hux: You’ll crawl on all fours like the creature you are. Ren: yes ill crawl behind u as u tug on the leash Ren: feeling u choke me Hux: I’ll sit back against the headboard and spread my legs comfortably, then invite you to crawl up between them. You’ll have the job of getting me hard, with your mouth. Ren: i bet ur already hard Hux: I slap you across your impertinent face. Ren: oooh Ren: i mean Ren: sorry Ren: the slap stings and my eyes water a little Ren: i lean down and rub my face against ur balls Ren: kinda just sniff u and lick u Ren: then i lick ur cock Ren: straight up the side and over the tip Hux: Yes, good. Ren: i fondle ur balls with one hand Hux: No. Hands behind your back. Mouth only. Ren: u liek making it hard Hux: You’d better like making it hard. Ren: oh haha Ren: ok i flick my tongue over the tip of ur cock Hux: You get a nice taste of precome. Ren: i lick it all up Ren: so hungry for ur come Ren: i take ur cock head in my mouth and lick all over it Hux: Yes. This is very satisfactory. Ren: hux ugh Hux: All right, fine. Hux: Ahhh. Yes. Good boy. Ren: i whine and start sucking Hux: *Very* good boy. Ren: i take u as deep as i can Ren: ur cock slams into the back of my throat Ren: but i don’t gag Hux: Since when? Ren: hux ffs Hux: I slide my finger along the edge of the collar, brushing your skin lightly, watching your neck turn pink from the effort of sucking me off. And from your arousal. Ren: i moan around your cock Hux: I hook my finger into the collar and jerk my hips up, holding you in place as I fuck into your mouth. Ren: uggggggggh yes Ren: i suck as hard as i can and lick all over u Hux: Suddenly I yank back on the collar, pulling you off my cock. Ren: i gasp and choke a lil Hux: I gaze into your flushed, panting face. Your lips are full and wet with spit and your eyes are huge and wanting. I urge you back into a kneel and watch your hard cock bob up against your stomach. Ren: yes its so hard hux Hux: You’ve been a good boy, so I’ll let you come after all. I pull you forward again so that you’re straddling me, our cocks flush against each other. Then I jab two fingers into your desperate mouth. Ren: i moan and suck on ur fingers and rub against u Hux: Bring us both off with your hand, Ren. Ren: i wrap my hand around our cocks and stroke em Hux: Your slick spit is all over my cock and it gets on your hand and spreads to your cock too as you pump our cocks together. Ren: yessss it feels so good hux Hux: I keep my fingers in your mouth, almost choking you, watching you gasp for air as you work our cocks. I lick my lips and think about how you’re mine, how you’ll come for me when I tell you. Ren: yes Ren: yes ill come when u say hux Hux: Come now, Ren. Spill your seed all over your hand and slick it down the lengths of our cocks. Keep working yourself until you’re so oversensitive it hurts. Ren: fuck Hux: Did you come for me? Ren: yes i came so hard Hux: Good. Very good boy. I pull my fingers out of your mouth and drag them across your cheek, spreading your spit all over your skin. Ren: did u come Hux: Almost. I’m close. Ren: hux im urs Ren: ill wear ur collar all day where u can see it Ren: ill kneel for u Ren: ill do whatever u want Ren: ill swallow ur come or u can come on my face Ren: or my back or anywhere Hux: I shove you down on the bed, straddle your chest, and pump myself until I come, leaving streaks all across your face. Ren: i gasp and stick out my tongue to catch as much as i can Hux: Greedy boy. Clean yourself up. Swallow it all. Ren: i wipe my face off with my fingers and suck on my fingers till theyre clean Hux: Yes. Good boy. Ren: hux can i come over now Hux: Unfortunately it’s time for my next meeting. Which I’ll have to attend via holo, as I can’t very well go down to the meeting room like this. Ren: like what Hux: I’m sure you can imagine. Ren: tell me Hux: I’ve made rather a mess. I’ll have to stay seated at my desk. Ren: is there come on ur pants Hux: Yes, Ren, there is come on my pants. Now stop talking to me so I can attend my meeting. Hux: Ren? Ren: yes hux Hux: You can come by later, at the start of gamma shift. Hux: And we can get started on your little idea.