Gloved hands grasped his clothed hips, pushing him back into the empty room’s cold wall. He could hear every breath that went through that stupid mask. It was easy to snap at him without being able to see his face, it made it feel like he was just commanding another droid. “Can’t you hurry this up?” Hux asked, staring down at the figure as a hand came up to each side of the mask. It made a click and fell to the floor with a thud. In a way he liked Ren’s ridiculous hair, mostly for the fact it gave him something to clutch as he fucked his mouth. “Got somewhere to be, General?” Ren said, squeezing his hands around Hux’s waist before pulling off his gloves so he could unfasten the tight leather belt that was hiding what he wanted. “A meeting. It should start in five minutes, but it won’t start if I’m not there. Who knows what they will do if I’m not punctual.” Hux ran a hand through Ren’s hair, he already had him down on his knees. “Fuck.” Ren cracked a smile at Hux’s cursing, the belt came away with another tug and he had begun to shuffle down his pants. His long fingers worked to take down all the barriers between him and Hux’s strain, finally getting them all down. He marveled at the already slick head before taking it in his mouth. Hux’s head hit the back of the wall and he gripped Ren’s hair without much care. The feeling of Ren’s mouth around him almost making his knees jerk from under him, he felt Ren stop short and used the grip on his hair to push in deeper. He knew that the man on his knees could take it, this wasn’t their first quick session that had the general aching. Hux let Ren pull away as he tried to keep control of his breathing rather than the pace. Ren pulled off so his hands could work out a pattern as his gaze turned up to watch the ginger’s mouth fall open in a quiet pant. Hux knew what this meant, more teasing. “Have you been hard for me all morning? You were just in a meeting, thinking about me. Thinking about me fucking-” “Get out of my head.” His voice was strained. “I’m not even trying, you’re basically telling me.” Hux made a low groan as Ren slowed his hand. He would have retaliated if he hadn’t decided it was time to deep throat his cock again. The general grasped Ren’s head to try and speed things up but Ren was going to be difficult as he pulled back to press his tongue into the slit. Slowing down as he took Hux all the way into his throat again. The general quickly checked the time and his head hit the wall again, jerking harder into Ren’s mouth. “Hurry up. I’m going to be late.” He could hear the strain getting worse in his voice, at this rate he knew that he would be late. Ren had apparently enough of the tugging, an invisible force suddenly crushed Hux’s wrists and he let go of Ren’s hair, being pinned against the wall as he felt the same force press against his throat. “Don’t forget who you’re messing with.” Ren looked up to find Hux bright red, from either being embarrassed or from the newfound force against the column of his neck. He could read that Hux enjoyed the sensation of being held down, even if he did love being in control. Sometimes it was nice to have the tables flipped. Hux swallowed roughly against the Force and Ren felt it, tightening slightly as he watched a small bead of come drizzle down the head of his dick. Ren bent his head to run his tongue along the length of Hux’s erection, lapping up the white substance before going back down. His hands were placed on the generals thighs, he could feel them shaking. Ren could feel the growing agitation that Hux was going to be late, and that he couldn’t grab Ben’s hair. So he let one hand go so that he could grab at the raven locks. Once Hux had one hand fashioned into his hair he began to finish the job. Taking Hux all the way into his mouth only to pull back and repeat it. He could feel Hux’s knees about to give so he braced him up by holding it back against the wall. Hux’s hand was beginning to graciously run his hand through the locks he had just been grasping, an indication that he was getting closer to the end. The Force user loosened his grip on Hux’s throat he could feel a bit of relief bleed from off of Hux. “Good boy.” The general murmured, trying to roll his hips into Ren’s mouth as the warmth was worked into his system from stimulation. Ren pushed down all the way, swallowing around Hux so that his throat constricted and he almost gagged. That was it for Hux, the general let out a long, low, moan. His hips jerking as he came into Ren’s watering mouth. He then let the general crumple into his grip. Ren catching him under the arms and resisting the futile attempts at being shoved away. Hux rested against Ren’s chest. Getting his breathing under control before he pulled himself away, enough to get his underthings up and pants back to being buckled. The afterglow of relief making his pale green eyes grow rich, he cleared his throat but when he tried to speak he had to try again because of the lingering want. “Thank you. I can believe I will see you again, to take care of this?” Hux looked down at the crotch of Ren’s robes, knowing what lay underneath even though it was hidden by layers. Ren picked up the mask from the floor as he stood, his eyes meeting Hux’s as his green eyes tried to avoid the slickness on Ren’s lips. “I guess it depends on how everyone handles how late you are.” With that he leaves, putting on his mask before the door opens and closes behind him. Leaving Hux to try and compose himself. He was exactly four minutes late. Though his face was still on fire as he went to the door, so took another moment to let it drain from his face before opening the door and walking out into the hallway. Hoping it had been enough time between Ren’s departure and his own to leave any lingering suspicions in the dust. Hux stayed in line looking untouched as he went down the hallway and got to the meeting room. Not surprised to see everyone had already been seated and were only waiting on him. “There you are, sir—“ Hux cleared his throat. It was only four minutes, but Hux could take down ships in a time less than that. It would only take a few seconds extra for his lieutenants to abandon ship in a notice of his absence. “Let’s get on with this, then.” Notes: AGAIN: This was a small thing I wrote for infiinitesky on tumblr. If you want a small 500-1000 word leave me a message (with a ship) on tumblr or on AO3. Here is the number list and my tumblr: http://bachelor-red.tumblr.com/post/145031489783/101-kinks-send-me-a-number-and-a-ship-and-ill