The Force Ripples Kylo Ren sat on the edge of his bed, his fingers placed on the bridge of his nose trying to alleviate stress built up from Hux's constant nuisance, Leader Snoke's training and an uneasiness in the force. He stood up when he heard the transmitter on his door go off, he got up and opened it. "Sir, Supreme Leader Snoke requests your presence" said the stormtrooper, TR-7179. Ren dismissed the trooper and headed his way to the holo-projection room to see what Leader Snoke needed. "Kylo Ren", the loud menacing figure said, he sat high at about 23 feet. "Supreme Leader", Kylo bent down on one knee to show respect. "I sense you are experiencing the rippling in the force?" Asked Leader Snoke "Yes, I do not know what to make of them" replied the knight, whilst getting up. "You are to go to the planet of Hoth, there you shall seek the answers" demanded the holographic figure. "Yes, Supreme Leader" and with that the hologram disappeared. Ren headed to the west end of the Finalizer, where his knights resided. "Knight Kija, you are to be ready to departure at 1900 hours to the planet of Hoth" "Yes commander" replied the female knight, dressed in all black and a black helmet that only covers the face from the nose down. "Commander... Does this have to with the disturbance in the force?" Asked the knight. "It may" and with that the knight left in an all black fury. Ren returned to his chambers, and put in a command for his ship to be ready for departure to the Hoth planet within the next 3 hours. Chapter 2 : Hoth Summary: Okay I felt like posting two in one day :) Notes: Kylo and Kija have reached Hoth now.. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo stepped off his command shuttle to meet the cold brisk air of Hoth, it reminded him of Starkiller Base. He pushed his thoughts aside, and felt his breathing become constricted, the force was definetely strong here. He looked around and saw the body of an AT-AT buried in the snow. "Sir, the rebellions base was located here wasn't it?" Questioned Kija "Indeed, the battle of Hoth" Kylo said pointing towards the AT-AT. Kija hummed in response. Ren looked around spotting a severely damaged area and a massive whole. He felt a sudden pull towards it and instructed the knight to follow, who also seemed to sense it. They reached the edge of the destructive sight and looked in, it appeared to be some sort of underground location. "Be on your guard" stated Kylo. Slowly descending into the path way they were met with a long narrow hall. They walked through, both the knights becoming more and more uneased as they kept walking. The hall became more spaced out, when eventually it became a room. Ren ignited his saber providing light. Kija let out a gasp as soon as her eyes adjusted. Ren spun around to see Kija staring out infront of him in shock. He faced forward and moved his saber to pinpoint where she was looking when he saw it... A girl frozen in carbonite. Notes: Carbonite??? LOL han solo reference much Chapter 3 : Empire "Commander is she..." "Alive? Yes. Carbonite, is what its called." Kylo vaguely remembered stories about Han Solo being captured by Darth Vader and put in the same grey block. If Kylo had the chance, he would've done the same. "Command Shuttle, this is Commander Ren" Kylo spoke to his communicator. "Commander Ren. This is PH-3168. We copy" the trooper spoke through the device. "Have a cargo droid come to the wreckage location southeast of the shuttle" Kylo commanded. "Yes sir, copy that." The trooper said. "Sir? We're taking it back?" Kija questioned. "Yes, Supreme Leader didn't send me here because of instinct. He knew the Force ripples were from someone." Kylo explained. He glanced at the carbonite, the girl seemed at ease, as if she was asleep. Was she frozen by choice? Kylo wondered in his mind. Kylo and Kija walked their way back up to the surface with the carbonite slate floating behind them using the force. Using the force, they pushed the snow to make the walls wider. They came to the surface and saw the cargo droid waiting. They placed the slate on top of the droids holder and began to walk back through the beginning of a snowstorm. "Sir! Do you think we'll be able to take off in these conditions?!" Kija yelled through what became a severe blizzard. Kylo took into consideration how heavy these winds were beginning to get. They entered the ship and Kylo went straight to the pilot. "Sir, the conditions won't allow us to take off, the wind will merely blow us off course." The pilot, PH-3703 stated. "How long till the weather is expected to clear up?" Kylo asked, anger building up in him. "A few hours, sir" PH-3703 replied. "Very well" Kylo said through gritted teeth, he hated when things didn't go his way Kylo made his way back to the centre area of the ship to see Kija, investigating the controls of the carbonites holder. "What do you think..." Before Kylo could finish speaking, a large hum and vibration began to rumble the ship. At first he thought they were going to takeoff. But then he saw the carbonite begin to glow red and start to melt. "Uhh... Sir?.." "Get behind me. PILOTS LOCK THE COCKPIT" commanded Kylo. As if on que the, girl was unfrozen. Screaming filled the ship. The girl was shaking like a fish seeking water. Kylo stood his ground. She slowly became calm and was on all fours. "Heelp.. I.. Help... I can't.. I can't see" the girl said her voice trembling from fear and the carbonite's after affects. "Do not fear, we mean you no harm if you do not threaten us." Kylo calmly stated. Kylo could see she was trembling mostly from being cold, so he shed his cloak and placed it on her. "The emp... Vvaa... Where.." With the wave of Kylo's hand she was sound asleep. "Commander Ren... You may want to see this" Kija spoke while continuing to investigate her. Kylo walked over bent down and slowly removed the cloak to reveal her clothing. "She's wearing the Empire uniform" Chapter 4 : Who are you? Kylo retired to his private chambers and contacted Supreme Leader Snoke. "Kylo Ren, report" asked the much smaller figure. "Supreme Leader we've discovered a women frozen in carbonite. The same machine my grandfather used on Han Solo. Her clothing gave away that she possibly worked for the empire." Ren stated. "If what you say about this girl is true. Present her to me." Snoke demanded. "She is currently unconcious and is currently experiencing blindness and numbness from the machine's after effects" "Very well, bring her to me when she's in a proper physical state." With that the little figure on the hologram disappeared. Kylo contacted the pilots, to be informed there were at least 6 hours till departure could be possible. Kylo decided some shut eye was the best way to kill time. .......................................................................................... Kylo... The path... Success... Passion... Power... Victory... "Mm... Wha" Kylo mumbled in his sleep. Sidio... Legacc... Continues... BANG BANG BANG Kylo jolted up to hear his communicator going off. He put his mask on and accepted the call. "Sir, we are about to land on the Finalizer" Kija said . "Who gave the pilots authorization to take off?" "Uhh.. Sir I did. You seemed like you didn't want to be disturbed" Kija said shyly. "Don't be as foolish next time" Ren said ending the transmission. Kylo got up feeling very lightheaded, he made his way to the main area of the ship to see the girl still asleep where he left her. The ship jolted as they landed into the Finalizers hanger. Kylo walked out instructing two troopers to take the girl to his chambers and guard the door. Ren headed to General Hux's office to debrief on the mission, that Ren may have forgotten to tell him about. Ren entered sensing the General's rage. "Ren, this is completely unacceptable. You can't just leave with my men and expect me to not care!" "Need I remind you that this was a mission directly from the Supreme Leader?" The General scoffed. "What is it that you need now?" "We've discovered a girl, she resides in my chambers as we speak..." "Keep your pet in your chambers. I don't want her roaming around the ship" "She is to have her own room." Ren finished, gritting his teeth. "No. Not until I know she doesn't pose a threat" "Very well." Ren said. Wishing he could choke the soul out of the devilish General. Ren walked back to his chambers, dismissing the guards. With a wave of his hands the door opened, and he walked in to find the girl standing looking around. She was good height around 5"7, long walnut coloured hair, a round face with large eyes, plump lips. She seemed confused and lost. "Who are you?" the girl spoke, her voice raspy and trembly. "I am Kylo Ren, Commander of the First Order..." "First Order? What is that?" "We are regime that rose from the Empire's ashes" "What happened to the Empire? What happened to Emperor Palpatine and his apprentice, Darth Vader? Kylo's attention was fully on her now. He started slowly. "Emperor Palpatine was killed. Darth Vader was betrayed by his son Luke Skywalker" "Who are you?" Kylo asked. "I'm.. I'm Ru Namira, Emperor Palpitine's daughter" the girl stuttered as she processed this new information. Chapter 5 : R.N Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo led the girl to the holographic room where they would speak to Supreme Leader. "Supreme Leader" a large hologram appeared. "I have brought the girl." Ru looked up in awe at how massive the figure, her mouth slightly open. "Identify yourself." "I am Ru Namira, Emperor Palpatine's daughter and future apprentice." "The late Emporer was never married" "He had a mistress on Naboo, he visited her a few times and she was impregnated by him. He came for me when the Empire was finally established, but he already had an apprentice, Vader. I was only 12, he had me trained to be an assassin, I learned extreme hand to hand combat. But I was never trained in the force." "How did you end up in carbonite?" Kylo questioned. "That was for a mission. A cargo ship led by a driod was to make a trip to Hoth. The ship was to enter the planet with no signs of life on it, thus I was put in Carbonite so the ships signatures were nothing but droids. My mission was to investigate the area as it was conspirated that a Rebel base was located." "I found you inside the Rebel base" Kylo told. "One of the droids was responsible for decarbonating me. If what you say is true, then the Rebels must've found me." Kylo tried looking into her mind to get a brief glimpse if whether or not she was telling the truth. But he was met with a block. She was clearly trained with the force somewhat. "Kylo Ren keep her safe aboard the Finalizer I shall speak with you soon" Supreme Leader Snoke said then disappeared. Kylo led her back to his private chambers. "I will return at 1800 hours" Ru frowned, unsure of what she was supposed to do. She looked around and spotted a tablet resting on a table. She ran her fingers along the sides of the tablet trying to find a button. At last she found it, she turned it on and found that is was Kylo Ren's. At first she was hesitant. But she thought it would do her no harm as long as she didn't go through his personal things. So naturally she found her self in the archives of the First Order. Her fingers stopped at "The First Order: Personnel." She tapped it to open. They were clearly in order from highest authority. Supreme Leader Snoke General Hux Kylo Ren Dopheld Mitaka ... "Mhmm.. Snoke, why does that sound familiar?" The girl questioned outloud. She tapped on his name and found one sentence. Supreme Leader Snoke- First Order founder, Master to Kylo Ren (apprentice) He's sith? the girl questioned in her head. She pressed the return button to retrieve Kylo Ren's files. He had a lot more information. She skimmed through the text Apprentice to Supreme Leader Snoke. Kylo Ren specializes in thew physical study of the Force. Blah blah blah.. He proved his worthiness to Leader Snoke, in the assassination of the Jedi Padawans. Woah. She skimmed through the text when her eyes went wide as she read Legacy of Darth Vader. Notes: Dun dun!!! We knew that but Ru didn't sooooo... Why does snoke sound familiar?? Chapter 6 : Assassin Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ru sat at the edge of the couch, processing this info. Lord Vader's children lived? Ru wondered to herself Before she could fully start rummaging through her thoughts, she was distracted as a door swooshed and an intimidating Kylo Ren stood there. He seemed agitated. "What do you plan on doing now?" Asked Ren Ru didn't know how to answer. She hadn't given much thought as to what she was to do with her life now that the Empire was ashes. "I.. Don't know." Ru hesitated before responding. "If you suppoosedly rose from the Empire... I assume that I work for the First Order.." Kylo's eyes went wide, at how accepting she was to her situation. Thanks to his mask, he remained emotionless. "That is correct, you are to train under me, not combat. But more of on controlling the force" Kylo responded accepting the situation. Ru hummed in response. "Are you Darth Vader's grandson?" Kylo went still. "Yes.. Why do you ask?" "I read about on the tablet... Sorry I didn't go through anything private. But I was wondering who were his children?" Kylo pondered on whether or not he should respond. He decided to get it out the way. "Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa" "Twins?" "Yes" "So.. Who's your.. Uh." Ru stammered, unsure how to ask. "Leia. I do not speak of them anymore, so I suggest you don't bring it up anymore." Kylo gritted his teeth, anger building up. Kylo had his own question. "Why are you so adaptative towards the your current situation?" Kylo asked, generally curious. "Umm.. Well I'm an assassin. I don't get attached to things, I'm flexible in every sense. I've been trained since I was an adolescent, to simply be selfish, to only care about me." "So why work for anyone?" Kylo asked "I was taken by the Empire, I wasn't given much of a choice to go elsewhere. And now... It seems you don't plan on giving me a choice either." "What makes you think that?" "Are you really giving me options?" "No, Supreme Leader's orders were that I train you." "Exactly, so I suppose that is my situation." Ru stood her ground with her arms crossed. Kylo observed her feisty stance. Leaning herself on one leg, making her body seem curvier. The way her arms pushed her enormous breasts up, they were quite large, for someone so young, genetics. What am I doing. Kylo pushed his thoughts aside. "You should rest, we start training tomorrow" "Umm, is there any chance I could freshen up, I smell like carbonite" Kylo smirked, his helmet hiding any sort of emotional remark. He led her down an expansive hallway with many doors. Alas, they stopped at a door at the end of the hall. "Wait here" Kylo came out a few minutes later. With a thick shirt in his hands. "Your clothes aren't ready yet so I hope this will do" Kylo handed his thick tunic to her. "Four doors down to the right, is the refresher." With that Kylo walked back into the room he came out from. Ru made her way to the door he stated. She opened the door slightly and it was pitch black. She stepped in and immediately all the lights went on. "Wow" It was massive. The bathroom was a mixture of black and beige. The sink was directly to her right along with a mirror that was atleast covering half the wall. The toilet was in a complete cut off corner. There were was a bathtub and a seperate standing shower. Ru placed the clothing on the sink counter and walked over to the beige bathtub. It was made completely of marble. "Damn" She figured out the overly complicated controls of the bathtub and turned on the hottest water. She walked to the sink and started to remove her clothing. She opened a cabinet beside the sink wall and found white towels. She took out on and placed it beside Kylo's shirt. She made her way to the bathtub and spotted a bunch of oils and shampoo's. She dumped a green oil in the tub and sweet aroma hit her nose. She slowly laid herself into the tub, which was extremely hot but she adjusted. "Mmm... Now this they didn't have in the Empire" She began washing her hair and cleansing her body. She forced herself to come out. She looked at Kylo's tunic and her Empire uniform. "Kylo's it is." Dismissing the carbonite filled clothing. She put it on and looked in the mirror. She giggled. The shirt reached down to her mid thigh, like a dress. She picked up the Empire uniform and headed outside. She headed back the main area and sat cross legged on the couch. She held her Empire uniform. She looked at it, feeling sadness wash over her as the realization of her situation dawned on her. The Empire is truly gone... Emperor Palpatine... Darth Vader... The only people I knew.. gone. She pondered in her thoughts. No I musn't... No attachments. I am selfless and selfish, both as equal parts. I care for no one but myself. I am me. And only me. Trust no one. Care for no one. Love no one. I am an asssasin. Ru felt a heavy dose of sleep wash over as she dropped the Empire uniform on the ground and fell asleep on the couch. Notes: I just made up an assassins code ;) also I don't know how to put italics but all mental thoughts are italized Chapter 7 : Assessmemt Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo awoke from his slumber, a good one, he hasn't had one of those in a while. He made his way to the refresher in his room. After cleaning up he changed into cleaner robes and put his attire on again. He made his way to the main area to see the girl sound asleep on the couch. His tunic looked like a dress, it was creeping up on her body exposing her muscular legs and lumptious ass. Kylo grabbed his tablet to look busy. "Ahem, Ru it's time for training." No response. "Ru wake up" She moved slightly, but was still asleep. "You've been asleep for 30 years, how much more sleep do you need?" Kylo said outloud more to himself. "30 more will do" Ru said opening her eyes feeling groggy. Kylo rolled his eyes underneath his mask. Ru laid on her stomach, face down, debating whether she wanted to be productive today or not. When she felt a breeze on her bum. She immediately got up and pulled down the tunic. Kylo caught sight of her rear end but made no remark, he ignored her reddening cheeks and told her he would be back in 5 minutes with her clothes. Ru made her way to the refresher. She opened a drawer and found mouthwash. "Thank the force" She garbled three times, washed her face and came out. Kylo was sitting with his legs sprawled out infront of him, blocking Ru's path to get her uniform on the opposite side of the couch. Crap. How do I get my uniform. Ru stood there making a game plan in her head. Well there's no other way. Ru walked towards where Kylo was sitting and dipped her legs between his picked up her uniform and shoes, and dipped out. Kylo pretended to be busy on his tablet. But he was enjoying the view going in and out his legs. Thank the force for his helmet. The tunic would roll up when she would lift her legs. Ru made her way back to the refresher. Shutting the door behind her. She blushed embarrassingly. What is happening to me. Ru pondered in her head. I don't even know what he looks likes. When she was finished changing she put on her brand new shoes. Leather booties. She looked at herself in the mirror. "Why is this so tight?" Ru said annoyingly. She started picking at her breasts trying to readjust them so their not prominent. She spun around to look at her behind. "Wow, that's a nice view." She looked at how the uniform went in between her round cheeks and made them seem perky. She finished by taking her hair and moving them to shield her breasts. She walked out to the main area, to find Kylo standing. "Today you're going to be meeting the General. Do not urk him, he is an incompetent child." Ru couldn't help but snicker. Kylo led the girl to the command area. "General Hux." "Ren" the general spat. "This is Ru Namira, a former Empire assassin" The generals eyes went wide. "I'm General Hux, General of the First Order." The tall man with ginger hair and cat like green eyes. "Ru Namira, pleasure" "General I hope you have made arrangements for the girl's quarters." Kylo asked "Unfortunately, I have not been able to, I have other things to take care of. I think your fully capable of housing her." "General." Kylo said stepping closer to Hux. "I suggest you make this your highest priority." Kylo stormed out of the command area, followed by Ru who was basically sprinting to catch with Kylo's enormous steps. "I take it you and General Hux don't get along well." Ru said panting after she caught up with Kylo. "As I said he is an incompetent child" Kylo stopped at a black door that said "training room 3" "This is the training used by me and Captain Phasma and now you." They walked in to see a tall women with short blonde hair shooting a blaster. She was in midst of an aiming practice. "Wow, she's good" Ru observed. "There's a reason she's captain" Kylo responded. The women came out the room in all black attire. "Who may this be?" The tall women asked. She was about Kylo's height. "I'm Ru Namira. Former Empire Assassin." "Empire? You seem awfully young." The women replied. "Long story" Ru replied "Well I would love to hear about it someday, I'm Captain Phasma. I run the trooper division." "Trooper division? Aren't they programmed men?" Phasma chuckled. "I'm assuming you're still familiar with the clone trooper program from the Empire. Well that initiative we had removed when the when First Order rose. We have ownership of certain planets, whose civilians give their first and second child to us from birth, male or female." "Interesting" Ru replied. "Well I have to get going it was good to meet you. I hope to train with you sometime." Phasma said with formality "As do I" Phasma put on her silver armour and left. "That's nice armour." Ru said to Kylo who seemed to busy the whole time setting up a course in the room the captain was in. "What kind of weapon did you use as an assassin?" Kylo questioned. "Well I was trained with a blaster, vibroblade and an electrostaff. But I fought with a electrostaff." "Enter the room, your weapons in their. I wanna observe how you fight." Ru went into the room and picked up the electrostaff. It was a lot lighter than she remembered. All of a sudden the room went black, the window she saw Kylo looking in from was black. She activated the staff and spun it around. A yellow man with a bow and arrow appeared at the top right of her eye view, hiding behind a pillar on a top floor with a railing. He started pointing the bow and arrow at her. As if by instinct, she ran towards the pillar, planting her left foot on the pillar giving her momentum to jump and grab the railing. She swung herself over the railing and kicked the yellow figure in the chest. He fell back with a thud. Ru didn't hesitate and plunged the electrostaff in the mans chest. As soon the staff made contact. The man shattered into yellow cubes. Ru didn't have time to process what this was as a whole room of yellow figure appeared before. Some below, some on the same level, some with blasters, vibroblades, electrostaffs. Ru started running and decided to clear the floor she was on. Kylo watched from outside. Her style was smooth and graceful. She ran around the room destroying each hologram. It took Ru 6 minutes to destroy 20 piece hologram course. She ended up back in the middle of the room. Breathing in and out her nose to cool the adrenaline. Kylo walked in "Impressive." "What are those?" Ru asked straightening her self up. "Their practice holograms. They help you train. You can change the amount there are, their weapons, and the intensity of the course. Yours was on Intermediate, all weapons and a 20 piece set." "The Empire definitely didn't have these sources" Ru said looking around. They walked out the see rest of the training room. Ru ran out ahead to the wooden staffs. "I haven't held one of these in a while." She started spinning it around, along with her body moving swiftly. Kylo observed her body, how swiftly it moved, how each of her curves gave her strength and agility. He realized what he was doing. "Uhm.. There's some dummies in that room on the right. You can practice with the wooden staff." With that Kylo headed to the holographic training room. Ru watched and went into the dummy room. She started practising hitting routines, when she heard manly grunts and yelling. She stepped out the dummy room and walked towards the holographic room. She stopped outside the room to watch what was happening. Kylo was training with his saber. Ru checked the little board on the screen. Level: Expert Intensity: Maximum Holograms: 80 piece Weapons: All Ru looked inside to the chaos of yellow figures. In the midst of it all she spotted a red lightsaber. "Woah" she said. Kylo was good. He was a vicious machine. Within 8 minutes he was done. Ru was watching with hunger in her eyes. Kylo came out the room and clipped his saber on his belt. "You are to remain here. I'll be back in 30 minutes." Kylo stated and walked out the room. Ru returned to exploring the rooms and equipment. Notes: Okay first, thank you to everyone who's keeping up with the story. Believe me its DEFINETELY gonna get better. I'm writing chapter 11 right now. I've got the whole plot figured out and its insane, the ending is going to be trippy. Secondly, writings gonna slow down the next 2 weeks I've got like 6 exams coming up. But don't worry, I've got all summer. Except for the fact that I have summer school, but I will be writing for suuree ;) till next chapter Chapter 8 : History Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo made his way to the holo-projection room, to update Leader Snoke on Ru's progression. Kylo walked in and knelt on the platform. "Supreme Leader Snoke" A large figure appeared. "Kylo Ren, I assume you have news on your apprentice." "I had her assessed in combat skills using the training rooms. Her skills are indeed well established, however she doesn't recognize the fact that she's acquiring the aid of Force. She's unintentionally enhancing her movements with the Force." "And if she does to start recognizing it?" Snoke questioned. "I believe she could be a valuable asset to us" "Then you shall train her in the ways of the Force" "Yes Supreme Leader." The hologram disappeared. Kylo headed back to the training room. He found her trying to figure out how to use the blaster. "It's complicated." Kylo said grabbing another blaster. "The safety" Kylo said pointing to a little switch near the reload area. "Oh, I was wondering why it wouldn't shoot." Ru said. Kylo turned his blaster on and pointed it towards the target with one arm only. He shot 6 lasers dead centre of the targets head. "Wow" Ru said. Ru mimicked his stance pointing the blaster with one hand only. "Woah, these blasters have a lot more kick than the Empire's" Kylo said, taking her other arm and placing underneath blaster. "It's best to use both hands" Ru blushed at how close he was. She aimed for the head. She shot four times and one missed but the 3 hit around the head. "You can do better" Kylo said. "I'm a little rusty." Ru said Ru hesitated before asking. "Would you fight me? I meant spar with the staff." "Why?" "Uhh... Its just I saw you in the training room and I like your fighting style. I just wanted to test my own skill." "You will have many days to spar with me but today unfortunately I have much more to do." Kylo issued Ru to follow him. They went back to his chambers. As soon as they entered, Kylo began directing matters. "First and foremost, since the General is being an in cooperative child. You will, for the time being have to share my sleeping chambers. I won't be there most the time, because of First Order matters." "Secondly, you need to filled in about what has happened in the past few decades. Any questions?" "Yes, many." "Go ahead." "Well, its about you and your Leader" "Yes" "Are you sith?" "Yes and no. Supreme Leader has taught me to use the light as well as the dark but my allegiance is to the dark side." "Okay. Is the First Order at war?" "Yes with the Resistance." "And whom are they lead by." Kylo hesitated before responding. "Leia Organa" Ru's eyes went wide. "If you don't mind me asking. How did you end up in the First Order?" "Supreme Leader founded the First Order. It rose to its power when I was about 15. A few years prior to me joining the First Order, my foolish parents sent me to my uncle, Luke Skywalker. He was set to train me in the ways of the force. He was starting a new jedi order, there was a whole school of us, padawans, jedis in training. Supreme Leader started to reach out to me much more. He was always there, ever since I was little, guiding me. But he recognized the struggle I was going through learning the jedi way, I hated it. He reached out to me and said to join him continue my grandfather's legacy, Darth Vader. I was instructed to kill all the padawans, so none could rebel, however my uncle escaped and went into hiding. After that, I came to the First Order and trained under Supreme Leader. Until a few months ago, a man I once knew discovered a map to Luke Skywalker. We tried to retrieve it but by the help of another force sensitive hidden away, not in the jedi order, the map got away. We have every right to believe the girl has found Luke Skywalker, and they intend to find Supreme Leader and terminate him." "What would happen to you?" Ru questioned "My mother believe's there's still light in me. She still believes it even after I killed her husband." Ru's eyes went wide. She looked down, to avoid his gaze. "Any more questions?" Kylo asked, his demeanour calm. "No I don't think." "Very well, there's a kitchen through that door." Kylo said pointing behind Ru. "And you know where my study is. Our sleeping chambers have your clothes in them. And I will see you in 6 hours." And Kylo was out the door. Ru frowned. "What am I supposed to do for six hours." Right then her stomach grumbled. She headed towards the kitchen door. She opened the door and walked in, the lights flickered, then turned on. An all white room, with hints of black. All the kitchen ware was steel. The stove, the sink, everything looked unused. Ru walked over to the massive refrigerator, opening up both doors. "Wow" There was so much variety of food, from exotic fruits, to delishous meats. Ru was a pretty good cook, her mother taught her how to cook decent meals, before she was taken to the Empire. She pulled out a bag filled with precooked rice and some raw seasoned chicken, with some veggies. She started opening cabinets to locate a plate, untensils and a pan. She found a plate and placed it on the dining table along with the utensils. She found the pans inside the stove and pulled out two. She started to cook her chicken, and put the rice and veggies on low heat with a lid to create steam. Around 20 minutes she finished cooking and began to eat. She finished up, boxed the leftovers, did the dishes, and went out to Kylo's study. She started reading the name's of the books on each of its spine's. Empire: History The Sith Legacy of the Jedi Her fingers stopped on the book that read "The Force's Dimensions." She pulled the book out and opened it, going to the table of contents. It had 3 sections. The Dark. The Light. The Grey. "The grey?" Ru said outloud. She flipped to the first page of that section. The first line said "The Grey knight is EQUAL parts Dark and Light." Notes: I was kinda hungry writing this chapter :/ Chapter 9 : A Face Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo made his way back to his chambers. He entered and found Ru sound asleep on the couch, with a book. "That's not mine." Kylo said outloud. Ru woke up startled, Kylo's modulated voice scaring her "Where did you get that book?" Kylo asked. "Mm.. Your shelf?.." Ru said her voice raspy. "No I don't own that." "Well I guess I do then?" "Go to my bed and sleep, the couch isn't comfortable." Kylo said. "What about you?" Ru said. "I..umm have work to do." Ren said scratching the back of his neck underneath the helmet. "Okay? Well, night. Or whatever time it is." Ru replied getting up and going to his room. Ren waited until he heard his door close, till he took off his mask. He sprawled out on the couch, exhausted and lacking sleep. He inhaled through his nose, her scent still lingering about. Ren got up trying to distract himself. He headed to the kitchen. He walked in and an aroma of seasoning hit him. "She cooks?" Kylo questioned outloud. He looked at the washed pots, and plate. He had never used anything more than a fork and a spoon. He opened the fridge and saw a plastic container with contents he had never seen before. He pulled it out and opened it. The delicious scent of spices hit him. He found a plate and warmed up the food and ate. The food reminded him back when he was with his mothe.... Kylo realized what was happening. He finished up the food and threw the dishes in the sink. Kylo went back to the couch, deciding to lounge on his tablet. Several messages from Hux, as usual, Kylo ignored them. He closed his tablet and started to wonder if Ru was asleep. He focused on looking in her mind. He got in. Ru's guard went down when she was asleep, he assumed. Kylo saw himself. Only it was his body but different faces. She was dreaming of him, what he looks like. Then all of a sudden the scene changed. Kylo had his mask on and Ru was in her uniform. Ru was straddling him, he was holding her against the wall with his hands on her ass. Ru was moaning. Then it all went black, Kylo stood up, startled. He chuckled and put on his mask making his way to where she was asleep. He opened the door to see her sitting crisscross, on his bed. She looked up and her eyes went wide. She buried her face in her hands. "Something wrong?" Kylo asked. "Uhh... Strange dream?" Ru replied. Kylo chuckled. "Those are some dreams you have." Ru's face slowly came out her. "How? What? Do you know?" "I saw it all, one of abilities thanks to the force." Kylo replied cockily. "Great. Can you just show me your stupid face so I know its probably old and wrinkly?" Ru asked childishly. "What? Why would you think that?" Kylo asked. "I saw Darth Vader's, so I don't know, I just do." "He was burned, you know that right?" Kylo chuckled as he bent down at the edge of the bed on the opposite side of Ru. He reached up to the side of his brand new helmet and took it off. Ru watched his every movement. Her eyes travelling up in down his body until they landed on his face. She took in every exquisite detail from the massive scar on his face to every single mole, to his plump lips. She stopped at his eyes, she was almost in a trance, she didn't notice him leaning over her, right in her face. "Did I make you speechless?" Kylo questioned cockily, whilst grinning. "Jerk, I was hoping you'd be ugly. I can't focus on training if you look like this." Ru said barely whispering. "That's why I have a mask." Kylo replied nearly touching her lips, but he moved back. Putting his mask back on, "Get rest, we're sparring tomorrow." And then he was gone. Ru let out a breath, she didn't know she was holding. She shut her legs tight, feeling herself get turned on. "Fuck, he's hot" Notes: Ooooo Ru thinks he's hot.. I mean don't we all?? Chapter 10 : 1st Notes: MAJOR NSFW!! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo came back to his quarters after a long night. He was used to running on minimal sleep. He walked his quarters and an aroma hit his nose through the mask. He followed it to the kitchen. There he saw a little figure by the stove, wearing... His tunic? "I see you're making yourself at home." Kylo said, staring her figure up and down. "Yeah. You hungry? I made extra." Ru said winking at him. "I take it you enjoyed my leftovers?" "Yes, I'm usually eating bland food." "Well, here's to seasoning." Ru placed a plate infront of Kylo. It contained two eggs, a chicken breast, some veggies and two slices of toasted bread. He took off his mask and placed in on the ground beside him He turned to show remark to the girl and saw her bending down getting something from the bottom cabinet. The tunic rolled up revealing her panties and her ass. Kylo leaned back into his chair, smirking, enjoying his view. Ru got up and turned around innocently to see Kylo in his devilish stance. "What?" Ru asked. "Enjoying the view." Kylo said directing his eyes towards, her private parts. "Ew stop." Ru said pulling her tunic down. "Why are you wearing it?" Kylo asked curiously. "I don't know.. Its comfortable.. I just am okay?" Ru said getting defensive. Kylo chuckled. Ru shot him a glare. "Your feisty huh?" Kylo said. Ru rolled her eyes. They both finished the meals and Ru did the dishes. Ru made her way to the main area and saw Kylo laying and on the couch on his back. She slowly made her way to the coach, she put her legs on each side of his hips. Kylo groaned low in his throat. She started running her hands up and down his chest and torso. Kylo smirked at the touch. They both hadn't been touched like this in a while. "Did you see my dreams last night?" Ru asked getting low and whispering in his ear. "Mhm no. I was busy." Kylo said his voice low and husky. "Let me into your head and I can see them." Ru had a questioning look on her face until Kylo took her face and started kissing her passionately. She felt a throbbing pain in her head. But it disappeared as soon as it came. Instead, she found herself in Kylo's room again, asleep. She was watching herself sleep. Until Kylo came in removing the blanket and her panties. She was watching the dream again. All of a sudden the room was filled with breathy moans and panting. The bed starting shaking. Kylo was fucking her passionately thrusting in and out hard. Then it ended. Ru opened her eyes, breathing hard, her lips hovered over Kylo's. "You don't have to dream about it anymore." Kylo said his voice dangerously low. His hands when to Ru's ass, he lifted her up, and kissed her passionately. He started to walk her to the bedroom. He threw her onto the bed and started to strip himself of his layers until he was left in pants and boxers. She took in his muscular chest and his pale skin, his lean torso and freckled skin, his muscular arms. Kylo leaned over her and kissed her whilst pressing his manhood between her legs. She moaned, feeling needy and wanting more. Kylo was quickly working his pants leaving his boxers. He tore her uniform off leaving her in panties and a bra. He slowly unclasped the bra and removed the panties, leaving goosebumps all over her body. He enjoyed the sight at how her breasts bounced out of the bra. He bent down and started to suck on her nipples, pulling them with his teeth. "Mm fuck Kylo... Mm... Please" He cupped her cunt, and ran his fingers through her juices, already so needy. He got up and removed his boxers slowly. Ru watched his every move. His manhood sprung free from his boxer's. "Holy shit, Kylo" Ru's eyes growing wide with lust and fear. He chuckled at her reaction. He laid on top resting himself on his forearms. "Kylo wait, umm.. Can you go slow?... Its just that..umm" Ru said looking at his enormous length and thickness. "Its your first time?" Kylo said his eyes searching your eyes, a new lust of dominance on his face. "Yeah" Ru said whispering. He kissed and cupped her cunt. Ru moaned. Kylo alligned himself against her entrance his tip teasing her clit. "Ready?" Kylo asked. "Uh-huh" Ru waited for him to slowly enter. Kylo plunged his full size in her. "FUCKING SHIT KYLO?!!?" Ru screamed from the pain. She saw the blood on his dick as he pulled out fully. He plunged back in harder. "AHH KYLO!! FUCKK" Ru yelled from pain. Kylo grit his teeth as he pulled out all the way and went back harder and faster. "AHHH KYLO!!!" Ru shouted feeling herself build despite all the pain. After a few more thrusts that got harder and faster, they both came. "Fuck fuck fuck Kylo!!" Ru screamed clawing her nails into his back. "Arghh!! Your so fucking tight." Kylo exclaimed as he came immediately taking her mouth in his. He slapped her cunt hard once then slapped it gently. Ru gasped and moaned inbetween their kisses. Before Ru could get down from her high Kylo plunged two fingers into her already throbbing cunt. "KYLO.. Mm.. FUCK NO!!" Ru exclaimed from pain. Kylo started fucking her on his fingers going incredibly fast. "Shit shit shit SHITT KYLO!!!" Ru came again. Kylo cupped her cunt collecting her juices. He rubbed her wetness on her stomach, a bloody mess. Ru laid there tears going down her face. Kylo pulled her legs to the edge of the bed. "We're not done yet." "Kylo please no." Ru begged. Before she could say anymore Kylo was in her cunt slurping and sucking on her swollen nub. "Ah fuckk" Ru exclaimed. He started slurping her entire cunt with his tongue. Ru felt sharp pains in her stomach from cumming so many times. But she felt herself building a third time. "KYLO NOO!! FUCK FUCK FUUCKK!!!" Ru shouted at the top of her lungs. She clawed the sheets of the bed. Kylo slurped her juices clean quickly and got up cupping her cunt. Before Ru could protest. Kylo plunged three fingers in her going fast and harder than ever. "KYLO PLEASE NO!" Ru cried from overstimulation. "I'm gonna make sure you don't walk for the next three days you big breasted whore." He started going faster. "SHITT KYLO!!!" Ru came a fourth time, tears streaming down her face. They were both panting as Kylo laid beside her, his fingers still in her, feeling her cunt clench around him. He licked the juices off her cunt and sucked on his fingers. "Delicious" Kylo said. Ru watched him. He grabbed her face and kissed her making her taste herself. Ru moaned wanting to move but her whole body feeling like Jello. Kylo sensed it. He got up and picked up his outer cloak. He wrapped it around her and picked her up bridal style taking her to the refresher outside his room. He laid her in the tub, removing his cloak. He turned on hot water, and put some soaps and oils in the tub. He got in sitting behind Ru, her ass on his lap. "I told you to get your rest last night, I did say we were sparring today." Kylo said cockily. Ru giggled. She laid there feeling his warm touch. Before she knew she fell asleep feeling the warm water hit her cunt. Notes: Fun writing this ;) Chapter 11 : The Mask Notes: Sorry this took so long. Exams! Fluff/Smut! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ru awoke a few hours later, she blinked in confusion as to where she was. She tried moving her legs, but a sharp pain went through her cunt and her stomach. "Argh!" Ru exclaimed in pain. She laid back down, she realized she was naked. "Fuck." Ru made her way to her cunt running fingers through her swollen clit. She was torn up, Kylo completely tore her up. Ru felt her stomach grumble. "Fuck" she said in frustration knowing she would have to make her way to the kitchen. She started to get up, as soon as she stood she fell down on all fours. "Oh my gosh!" Ru shouted. She crawled her way to the door and entered the hall. She got up using the wall as support. "Shit" she exclaimed. She started to slowly drag her feet forward each step causing her pain in her stomach. She finally made her way to the main area, it was completely dark. She found the couch and fell on top of it laying on her back. She was exhausted. She moved herself towards the centre of the couch, but the material felt different on her ass. "What the fu.." A light went on and she saw Kylo without his mask on and in full uniform. Ru was completely naked, she felt Kylo's bulge on her left ass cheek. "I see you're incapable of walking?" Kylo said smirking, whilst rubbing your ass. "Fuck you, you were supposed to go easy on me. You've torn something inside me." Ru said, slapping his hand away. Kylo lifted her and spread her legs to straddle him. Ru wrapped her arms around his shoulders, they made out passionately. Ru moaning into his mouth. She felt a cold leather glove run through her wet cunt. "Mm fuck." Ru said getting needy. "You sure you wanna?" Kylo asked. Ru bit her lip and grabbed his manhood through his clothes, she leaned in to his ear and whispered "Add another day of no walking." Kylo smirked and quickly started removing layers from his manhood and it finally sprung free. He took a hold of her hips and eased her onto his dick. "Oh shit. Mm.. Fuckk." Ru moaned her head tilting back. She started to slowly move up and down, gaining some energy back. She was already building her climax. She was so close till Kylo pulled out and finished her climax with her fingers. "Ohh fuck fuck fuckk!!" Ru shouted. Kylo became even harder. He picked her up and led her to the kitchen, he laid her on the dinner table. He put himself in and started to fuck her faster and harder on the table. They both started to build both shouting curses. "Mmm FUCKK!!!" Ru shouted cumming again. "Arghhh fuckkk!" Kylo came aswell. He pulled out and cummed all over her breasts. He plopped down on a chair. Watching her breasts heave up and down. He ran his fingers through his cum on her nipples, pinching them slightly, getting a moan from her. He put his fingers in Ru's mouth, she sucked his fingers. He kept going till there was no more cum left. Ru gained some energy back and stood up, she almost fell, but Kylo caught her. She slowly made her way to the refrigerator grabbing some exotic looking fruits. She gave some to Kylo and took some herself. Ru sat herself on Kylo's lap. "We barely know eachother." Ru said. "I feel drawn to you.. Like I've known you all my life." "The force works in many ways, when two people are meant to be together, they are drawn together like magnets." Kylo explained. "How do you know about all this stuff?" "I was educated by Luke Skywalker and Supreme Leader. And I like to read." Kylo said the last part rather quietly. "The big bad commander of the First Order.. Likes to read." Ru said giggling. Kylo chuckled. "You make it sound like a bad thing." "No no not at all. Its just odd you're not like your grandfather. He was very... Strange." Kylo furrowed his eyebrows. "How so?" "Well, he had mood swings he always seemed like he was conflicted, he was good at hiding it but I could sense it. Now that I think about it might have had something to do with his son." "Right... About that. Darth Vader actually turned against the Emperor..." "WHAT? WHY DID YOU LIE?!" Ru jumped off his lap, still completely naked. "Bare with me, please. The Emperor was torturing Luke and Vader couldn't fight the light, so Anakin rose overpowering Vader. Anakin lifted the Emperor and threw him into the abyss. But the electricity he was torturing Luke with, struck Anakin himself. His breathing mechanism was destroyed." "I didn't lie to you." Kylo said innocently. "AND HOW!? Is that not lying?" "Well Darth Vader was betrayed, by Luke, when he brought out Anakin." Ru was glaring at him, her arms crossed underneath her breasts lifting them up. Kylo narrowed his eyes at her breasts, the lumptious size of them. She walked out of the room showing off her ass. "I expect an apology for lying, I don't take lying lightly." Ru said stopping at the door. "Or what?" Kylo asked playfully. "Or you get none." Ru said bending down and exposing her ass. Kylo groaned. Ru got up and walked out to the sleeping chambers. She walked in and saw the mess. She spotted the cum filled sheets. "Ugh, ew" she said getting rid of them. She started to look around for bed sheets. She found a door, and walked into another room. The lights flickered on and in the centre was a chair and something on a platform. Ru felt a familiar presence she hadn't felt in a while. She walked closer, focusing her eyes on the platform. There lied Darth Vader's mask. Ru gasped, chills running down her back. She ran out the room grabbing her things and went to the refresher in Kylo's room. Why does he have that? Where did he get it? Why was it all mangled? Is Kylo lying to me? Ru had a million questions running through her mind . She laid herself in the tub, letting the hot water relax her. She opened her eyes and saw Kylo shredding layers. "Move over." Kylo demanded. "No, get your own tub." "This is mine." He said pointing to it. Ru rolled her eyes and slid off her back. Kylo slipped in behind her. "You know for someone who can block their thoughts you sure project what your thinking a lot." Ru had a confused look on her face. "What?" "You literally tell me what your thinking." "Good, you have the questions and now can give the answers." "The mask, gives me power. I'm sure you felt the dark energy around, I feed off it. As you know I use both the light and dark but I'm alligned to the dark. So when I feel the light, I use the mask to distiniguish it." "So you speak to it? Like spiritually?" "Yes, something like that." "I found it on the planet of Endor. Darth Vader was cremated there that's why his mask was deformed." Ru sighed. "I really did miss out huh?" Kylo chuckled. "If you ever have questions, I'll have your answers." Kylo laid back resting his head on the tubs edge. Ru pondered on asking about the grey knights. She couldn't let him know about the book. "When I was with the Empire, I heard about people called the grey knights. I remember reading on the tablet about your personal team of force sensitives, Knights of Ren? And I can't help but wonder.." "No, the grey knight is Equal dark and light. Meaning they aren't alligned to either. My knights and I are alligned to the dark." "I assume I'm alligned to the dark as well. Since your technically my master." "Yes and no. Yes you're alligned to the darkside, you've always been. And no I'm not your master. The rule of sith is only two. So your merely an... Ally." "An ally has a motive to be allies with someone." Ru responded, hesitantly "Well what were your motives when you were with the Empire?" Kylo asked. "My father." "Your father's motives were to terminate any remaining Jedi. As are mine. So in a way that is your motive." "Hm.. I suppose. So who are the Jedi you wish to terminate?" "Luke Skywalker and a scavenger." "Uhh... Does the scavenger have a name?" "Rey." "And is she Luke's daughter or your sister? I'm assuming if she's force sensitive and your family being the last.." Ru slowly spooke "She's not my sister. And it is not necessary for her to be related to me. The force can create life by manipulating midichlorians." "Right, I know a lot about midichlorians. I studied them before the Empire took me." Ru said proudly. "Exactly. I had every right to assume she was a product of the force, I don't recall Luke having children. However, I do remember a little girl, who would often follow around Luke and Luke would always be happier with her. I didn't assume much of it until I duelled with her." "What? Seriously?" "Yes, she left quiet the mark" Kylo said pointing to his face. "During our duel, my grandfather's lightsaber was found in her possession. I was amidst trying to retrieve it using the force, but it wouldn't respond to me. It flew past me and into her hands. That's when I knew that she was indeed Skywalker's daughter." "So when the time comes you terminate Luke and I..." "Kill the scavenger." "I'm assuming she's good with the force considering she left that on your face." "I was weak at the time, I was shot on the right side with a powerful bow cast." He took Ru's hand and guided it to the soft pink spot. "Ouch." Ru said feeling the soft skin. "My training wasn't complete then either. But now I'm thrice the man I was then. I am much stronger, agile, and skilled." Kylo said passionately, looking out into the distance. "What would you have done if I weren't here?" "A knight, Kija Ren. She was the one I had initially selected to train, she is a descendant of Count Dooku." "She must've been disappointed." "As much of a hard headed person she is. She is obedient to me." "Have you guys ever? Hooked up?..." "No. She used to have dreams much like you but I helped her rid of them to focus on her training." "How did you help her?" "Let's just say I was.." Kylo's hand slipped down her abdomen, down to her cunt and cupped. "A little brutal." Ru gasped. Her voice faltering. "What do you mean?" "I showed her that having feelings for her teacher had consequences." Kylo said whispering breathily in her ear. Ru moaned at the feeling of his hands in her cunt. Kylo started to rub her cunt faster and faster making her build. Water splashed out of the tub as Ru's back arched off his chest and her ass pressing down on his hardened bulge. She was close to her climax. Almost there, until just before she hit it. Kylo stopped and pulled his hands away. "FUCK, NO!" Ru exclaimed, desperate for release. Kylo chuckled. He held onto her wrists and wrapped his legs around hers to prevent her from rubbing them together. Ru's back was arched her head pressing down firmly on Kylo's chest, her breath heavy and shaky. Her breasts heaving up and down. Kylo took in the sight before him. "Like that." He let go of Ru, she got up, gaining a lot of energy back. She leaned on the wall. She gave a glaring look at Kylo who had a grin on his face. She stepped out the tub grabbing a towel and her uniform. She headed back outside to the sleeping chambers. She looked into the door where Vader's mask lied. Chills went up and down her spine. She began to dry herself off. She started to put on her undergarments. Kylo came out with a towel wrapped dangerously low on his waist. Ru looked at his muscular back, how his drenched hair was spilling down. The pink scars splattered around his back. The muscular shoulders, the lean back, his bulging triceps. He turned around with the tablet in his hands. He started to go through the schedule for today. Ru took at his toned torso. His massive chest size and the V-line going down to his manhood. She noticed the trail of hair going down his belly button. She found herself in a trance in sight of his beautiful body. She didn't realize she started to walk to him. Kylo too busy with his tablet didn't notice. He suddenly felt a soft and cold touch on his left side of his torso, the sensitive side. He flinched slightly, moving the tablet out of his view. He looked down to see Ru's hand grazing his wound. Ru started to let her hands roam around his chest, softly and slowly. Kylo breathed in heavily. "I...I" Ru stammered barely whispering. She walked closer, closing the distance. She planted her lips on the centre of his chest. She left a trail of kisses along his torso. Kylo grabbed her ass, gripping her from the loving sensation. She slowly made her way up to Kylo's lips. Pressing a long, slow kiss to his lips. Although from there previous encounters, this was the most intimate the two had ever been in their lives. Ru pulled away, and smiled, genuinely. A caring and loving smile. She walked away towards the mirror letting her fingers graze Kylo's abdomin slowly. She took in her body in the mirror. How suffocatingly tight the uniform was on her. Kylo walked up behind her, admiring her curvy body. He wrapped his arms around her waist. She held his forearms leaning her head back into his muscular chest. Kylo let go of her and began to dress himself. "Your force training begins today." Ru groaned. "I'm assuming that takes a lot of concentration." "Indeed." "That's gonna be difficult." Notes: Once again sorry!! I've been so busy with with finals, but I did my last one today!!!! Writings back on track you guys more stuff to come. Okay also as I keep writing I have three different endings to this. I think I'll be choosing the last one because it'll make this a two part series soo yaayy!! Chapter 12 : Force Training Notes: This took kind of long to write. I needed to pull out some of my prior knowledge to write so here you are :) Also it'll be exactly a month tomorrow since Palpatein's heir was released. Happy 1 month? Thanks to those who've kept up <3 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo led Ru to training room 3. He took her into a room at the very back. Inside was a empty room with the standard patted floor. "I thought you said we were force training." "We are" Kylo went to the centre of the matt and sat cross legged. He removed his mask and placed it beside him. He looked at Ru, who stood there in confusion. "Well sit." Ru made her way infront of Kylo and sat. Kylo closed his eyes. "The force is a energy wave, essentially. It goes through everyone, it surrounds everything and penetrates every living thing." Ru giggled. "Penetrate" Kylo opened his eyes and glared. Ru grinned. "Okay okay, I'm sorry." She closed her eyes and began to listen. Kylo closed and his eyes and continued. "Like all living things, the force evolves. My abilities are more enhanced then yours or even Darth Vader's." "So your saying stronger?" Ru said calmly. "No. Darth Vader and I are incomparable. His power was controlled and based on intellect." "Mine is.. Raw, based on instinct." "So your stronger?.." Ru said hesitently. Kylo's furrowed his eyebrows. He growled, "Nevermind. All you need to know is the force evolves, it gets better after each generation." "Okay." Ru said slowly, feeling Kylo's frustration. "You aren't completely ignorant of the force. You can conceal your thoughts from me. What else is there that you think the force helps you with?" "Well... I've been good at sensing people's feelings. Like with your grandfather, his demeanor was always the same but I knew what kind of emotions he was experiencing." "Emotions, shielding your mind.. The force can teach you enhance every aspect of yourself, your physical, emotional, and mental" "What about spiritual?" Ru asked curiously. "Force ghosts reach out to you if they want to be seen, you yourself can summon them but they can only respond if they deem it necessary." "They as in the ghost? Or.." "They as in the force. If the force sees it necessary for you to seek guidance then you're presented with the most important person you knew." "What do they show you?" Ru asked. "The future, events that happen but there blurred, not made clear.." "Can't they show me how I die?.." "Not you, but others around you." Kylo sighed and closed his eyes. "I need you to focus on clearing your mind." Ru couldn't, there was too much information going through her head. Eventually she tired out her brain and it became silent. Then she saw it all the room. Except she wasn't seeing it, she was feeling it around her. Her eyes were tight shut but her eyes moving rapidly around feeling the energy in the room. Her eyes landed on two red balls in the centre. "That's us isn't it?" Ru questioned her eyes still shut. "Yes, do you see how we are red? That's our midichlorians. I, for obvious reasons, have more." Kylo told her. "That's not fair you're bigger than me." Ru said childishly. Kylo chuckled, "I can also tell because of their colour, its more intense red." "Whatever." "Our ability to use the force is unlimited. Once your powerful enough, you can locate anyone in the galaxy by simply calling out to their midichlorians. But that takes a lot of training. I can only reach to a few systems nearby." They both sat there with eyes shut tight in deep meditation. Ru felt something behind her, she looked for the force energy and was met with objects with a red silhouttes. "These objects are obviously not alive. But we can manipulate the midichlorians in us to objects. In other words we can emit midichlorians and get them to wrap around objects and come to us." "So they come out of our body? Won't we loose them?" "No, we are like a magnetic field. The midichlorians being little magnets are attracted to its owner." Kylo and Ru sat in deep meditation, the empty bins still hovering around them. Kylo opened his eyes, and Ru did aswell. Kylo placed the bins in between them. "Levitate them." "What? How?" "Did I just not explain how it works?" Kylo said, rolling his eyes. "Well, yeah, but not how to do it." Ru said, hiding the sarcasm in her voice. "Just imagine yourself sending out little magnets to surround it and bring it to you." Ru closed her eyes and was doing what Kylo instructed. "Open your palms. You need to emit the midichlorians from somewhere." Ru focused again, and tried imagining what Kylo was saying. A few minutes, or she thought minutes, passed and she still couldn't do it. "Ugh! This is impossible." Ru groaned. She opened her eyes to see Kylo in deep meditation. "Uhh.. Kylo?" "Mm.. What.?" Kylo groggily opened his eyes. "Did you fall asleep?" "No, I went into deep meditation." "So sleeping?" Ru asked sarcastically. "No, I know you've been at it for about an hour." "Wait, what? Really? It felt like a few minutes." "Yeah, when you're meditating on something. It tends to feel like that." Kylo said. "Okay try a different approach. He handed her the bin and put it into her hand. "Okay, feel the shape of the bin. It's circular, fits into your hand and so on. Now put it down. Imagine it in your hand, the weight, the shape, the size." Ru put it down between them and tried focusing on this new way. She opened up her palm and pretended she was sending out magnets to the bin. Then she felt a weight in her hand. Ru grinned then opened her eyes. "Thank the force, its about time." Kylo said rolling "his shoulders. "Haha, hilarious." Ru said sarcastically, eyeing her acconplishment. Kylo lifted the remaining two bins and started spinning them. "Show off." Ru said rolling her eyes. "It did take you long. I'm surprised, I recall you studied midichlorians." "I studied their purpose. I never learned the manipulation of them. And when I meant study, I mean reading like a few pages on it because I was bored." "Well, I have one of Hux's stupid meetings. I'll take you back to my quarters." "Can I come with?" Ru asked childishly. "No, not today this is classified stuff. But you can go practice levitation." Kylo led her back to her quarters and headed to the meeting. Ru decided on preparing a meal for herself. After she ate, she pulled out the book she was reading "The Force's Dimensions." She continued reading. 'The Grey Knight, is one of the most complex force sensitive to exist. To find balance between the two takes great knowledge and persistency.' 'A Grey Knight experiences great confliction in their lives. They are constantly being seperated between the Light and the Dark.' Ru started to get sleepy from reading, so she decided to practice levitating. She sat in the middle of the main area and began to meditate. She was once again back in the force realm. She saw the main area around her. It was all a dark green. No signs of life except for her. She focused on lifting her book that was resting on the couch. She felt a cool breeze on her left leg and looked around the dark room. Her sight stopped at a blue and white figure in the left corner, it was a feminine figure. Ru's eyes shot wide open from the force realm, and she looked to her left in the corner. There was no one. Ru closed her eyes again and began to focus on lifitng her book. But she felt the cold air again, she looked to the left corner and the curvy figure stood. Ru sat up with eyes wide. She heard Kylo's footsteps from the hallway. He entered and saw Ru standing at the edge of the couch, looking pale. "What's wrong with you? You look like you just saw a ghost." "I think I might've" Ru said her voice faltering. Notes: Okay so this whole force thing. I kind of thought it as how thermal energy cameras work. Any kind of living thing has thermal energy, we show up in shades of red and orange. Anything around us is usually a really dark green. So same thing here. All living things show up in shades of red and orange, the midichlorians. But whoever has a higher midichlorian count will show as more intense colour closer to red. It has nothing to do with dark side or light side, it's just midichlorians. And (I know this is super long) the whole lifting objects. Force sensitive people obviously have to send out some kind signal in order to levitate things. If you've ever seen thermal cameras, when we touch an object, some heat is left over and you can see our imprint. So I applied the same thing to the force, except it's just sending our midichlorians and retrieving the object. Don't ask me how I know this. I just do. ;) I wonder who the figure is? Well I already know and its major plot twist but she (yes it's a she) will be a key character. Leave comments on who you think it is. Till the next chapter ;) Chapter 13 : Mission Summary: Ru just saw a ghost Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "You're just tired." Kylo said to Ru, trying to convince her mistaken. "No, Kylo. I saw her in the force realm. She wasn't red but I saw her in a blue and white state. Not once but twice." "Who's a feminine figure important to you?" "I don't know really. I never really had feminine... My mother." "Is she dead?" "Yes. She died a few months before the Empire took me. The women there took care of me. But I remember her clearly, her figure wasn't like the ghost." "Anyone else? What about the women?" "No, they had very wide figures from multiple children. This figure was curvy and thin." "Well, I'd love to help but I can't. I merely came back to check on you. I have another meeting in 20.." "Can I join you?" Ru interrupted him, desperate to find distraction. Ren rolled his shoulders, then let out a huff of air. "Fine, but don't say anything." They both made there way to the conference rooms near the command station. Ru jogging to keep up with Kylo's enormous legs. They entered and Ru stood in shock. There was a whole table of young handsome looking officers, silently sitting. They all turned to look at Ru, a few eyebrows raised at her, and a few smirks hit her way. Hot damn. Ru said in her head, mentally smirking. Sit down. Kylo's authorative voice, rang through her head. She made her way beside Kylo who was sitting at the end of the table. Along with Hux at the other end. These men are all manipulative assholes. So don't get any ideas. Kylo communicated mentally. Let me absorb a little, the Empire's officers, were all old, grey haired, and wrinkly faced men. Ru replied to him. Ru heard a low growl come from Kylo's helmet. She saw his fists ball up on the table. "Ren, glad you could join us." General Hux's voice boomed. "I didn't know your 'women' would join as well." A few officers choked and coughed, in shock that there commander could aquire such a beauty like Ru. "My apprentice. Goes where I goes." Kylo's voice echoing the room, emphasizing apprentice. The General gave a glare Ru's way. And Ru sat back in her chair and let out a breath through her nose. "After the events of Starkiller. The Resistance spread out to various locations. They know we had located them on D'Qar. We could've rid their base the moment after Starkiller was destroyed, they had no means of escaping the rath of our weaponery, simply by our fleets." "Why didn't you?" Ru asked, recalling the reading she did on the First Order. All eyes turned on Ru, everyman on the table was staring. Ru felt small, crushed by gazes. General Hux's eyes narrowed on Ru. "Our forces were scattered. Your master himself" Hux narrowed his eyes at Ren. "Was crippled from battle." "Get on with the objective of this meeting, Hux" Ren spat. "A Resistance pilot has been circling the Finalizer. They have been intercepting our transmissions, about our plans, our schedule of shipments and so on. They've only picked up on a few things but if he aren't terminated, our plans could be ruined." "Why haven't the ships detectors picked up the ships?" One of the officers asked, he was a good looking man,he looked rather short. A baby face, round eyes, dark hair, slicked back. "They come out of hyperspace, long before our ship can detect there speed, they put there ships in sleep mode. The resolute's artificial gravity rings them into an orbit, they intercept transmissions, they spin out of the orbit then hyperspace out. Last week the pilot came out sleep mode too early, and the X-Wing was spotted and it happened to belong to Poe Dameron." "What're you suggesting, General?" Kylo asked knowing exactly where the situation was headed. "Without their elite pilot, the Resistance will no longer be troubling our transmissions security." "And how will you accomplish this task?" Kylo asked, leaning forward. "As I understand, we have acquired and given our hospitality to a trained assassin." Ru stopped fiddeling with her thumbs and looked up. All eyes were on her again. Ru cleared her throat and straightened her posture. Her breasts becoming prominent. Now 'all' eyes were on her. "No, absolutely not. She is still under my training and still progressing." Kylo snapped bacck. "Her training, I believe is in the force. Other wise, she is a accomplished assassin." Hux spat back, leaning on his arm on the table. "This is the proposal I leave to conclude the meeting. Dismissed." Hux waved his hand and all the officers began to get up and collect there things to leave. Ru decided that meant she would leave to. She got up but looked at Kylo who merely flicked his wrist downward, motioning her to stay seated. Everyone had cleared the room within minutes, and only Ru, Kylo and the General were left. "Hux, what are you upto?" Kylo interrupted the silence. "The Resistance is getting stronger. They will start accumulating allies. Allies will make them stronger, there numbers larger. I won't wait until they've strengthened to make decisions." Kylo took off his helmet and stood up, recognizing the seriousness of this conversation. "What allies does the Resistance have left? We are alligned with the majority of the rule in the galaxy. The Hutts, the pirates and so many more." "There a thousand more planets that aren't ruled by any one them, resourceful planets. They didn't agree to our terms, but they will agree to the Resistance's, I can't risk it." "What exactly are you suggesting, General?" Kylo asked hesistantly. "Assassination. The Resistance's higher ups." General said the latter with firm authority. Ru's eyes widened she knew exactly what that meant, General Organa. She looked up at Kylo who's jaw was clenching. He opened his lips, revealing gritted teeth. Kylo took a seat and cleared his throat. "Continue." General Hux began to continue discussing his plans. "The pilot, I want him gone. As of the next few weeks, the transmissions sent out by the Finalizer, are extremely confidential, I can't risk them being intercepted. He is the commander, without him the squadrons won't have a legitimate leader." "And how do you propose we take him out?" "A First Order symphathizer has informed us that in exactly 28 days, Poe Dameron, is heading out for a diplomatic mission to Tatooine." "What does he want there?" Kylo asked. "Recruitement. Citizens with 'potential', according to the Resistance, are wasting away there. They will trade the citizens for money and supplies." "The Hutts run Tatooine. We have business with them." Kylo said matter-of-factly. "The Hutts don't care about Tatooine, other than the fact that they own it." Hux said. He was right, the Hutt's didn't care about what happened in Tatooine, as long as their name was planted on it. "This is when you become of importance, Ru." Hux said, his voice becoming breathy and quiet at her name. He started to slowly walk over to Ru, standing behind her. Kylo watched his every step, eyeing his movement, his sudden change in demeanor. Hux stood directly behind Ru, breathing down her. Ru sat completely still, she clenched her jaw, feeling a sudden weight on her shoulders from Hux's heavy gaze. "Hux." Kylo's voice cracking the silence. "Hmm." Hux was pulled out of his thoughts. "Her mission." Kylo said, eyeing Hux. "Yes." Hux started walking around to the opposite side of the table. "We have a sympathizer on Tatooine, a mere citizen. You will be escorted to Tatooine a few days prior to the pilots arrival by a supply ship where you'll be given instructions by her. You will pursue the lifestyle of the sympathizer as a local. The day of his arrival you'll assassinate him, continue your life as a local for a few more days, to reduce suspicion. Then you'll be back." "How long have you been planning this?" Kylo questioned, Hux's plan sounding a little rehearsed. Hux replied, making direct eye contact with Ru. Ru stared back just as hard. "What do you say, Ms. Namira?" Hux asked, ignoring Kylo's question. Ru pondered on accepting the mission. She recognized that this would be good practice, she was a little rusty on her training. She opened her mouth and was about reply about considering his offer. But was defeated to speak when Kylo spoke for her. "We'll get back to you." Kylo rose looking at you and began to put his helmet on again. Ru's jaw shut snap her gaze lifting from Hux to Kylo. She furrowed her brows. "Well?" Kylo said extending his arm. She looked at his leathered hand than to Hux. Hux narrowed his eyes at the gesture. Ru kept her gaze locked on Hux as she took Kylo's hand and rose. Hux let out a sigh and smirked. His eyes travelling up and down her body. Ru's eyes remained on Hux until she turned to follow Kylo out the door. They both made their way back to Kylo's quarters. They both walked in and the door shut behind them. Kylo made his way to the table and removed his mask and placed it on the table. All of a sudden he felt his midsection tightening. He looked down to see Ru's face buried in his abs and her arms wrapped tightly around him. "Uhh." Kylo stared in confusion. "That was really intense." Ru said her voice muffled and trembly. "Um. Yeah. That's kind of how Hux is." Kylo said gently stroking her hair. Ru let out a long sigh. Her shoulders relaxing a little. She looked up at Kylo, who seemed to be staring off in the distance. She admired his slightly large nose. The odd moles here and there, his pale skin. She looked into his eyes, they were an odd colour, sort brown, gold and hazelly. Kylo looked down at Ru and caught her staring at him. He slowly walked her to the couch and sat. Ru climbed onto his lap and nuzzled her face into her neck. "He doesn't scare me. Its kind of like you, I'm not scared, just intimidated. That's how it was with your grandfather and the Emporer too." Ru said, whispering a little. "Your intimidated by me?" Kylo asked, his voice deep. "Well.. Yeah. Can you blame me?" Kylo chuckled. He laid his head back on the couch, with Ru still nuzzled in his neck and his arms wrapped around her body. He heard his tablet go off. He picked it off of the side table beside the couch. A message from Hux. 'Ren, I need an answer. I don't recall giving you much of a choice.' Kylo rolled his eyes at the mans desperation. He started to type his reply. 'You'll get your answer soon' Kylo put down the tablet and looked down at Ru. She was sound asleep. Kylo felt a sudden urge of protectness over her, she was his and no one took away what was his. Kylo laid back his head once more. They were both sound asleep in eachother arms. Notes: Okay APOLOGIES this chapter took so long! If you saw my note earlier you'll know why. A) my best friend passed away in a car crash. So I was busy with funeral and stuff. :( rip stephen B) I had to stop writing and figure out the story AGAIN. So I've got all that sorted out. I had like 6 story lines with the same ending. The endings CARAZZY!!! So back to the story, basically Ru's always had large male figures in her life, through out the important memorable years. So she finds a figure in Kylo, and a fuck buddy basically. Although she's capable of fending for herself cause she's an assassin, she always had vader and emperor watching out for her like a little baby she is. Here's a sort of timeline of her life. At 12 she was taken to the empire and became a fully trained assassin at 16. Her mission to Hoth happened when she was 18. And then she was frozen for 30 some years. So she's basically around 48. Yikes. Yeah but kylos like 29 I think so its goodish. Yeah but my summer school has started yesterday and I'm pretty busy with that but chapter a week maybe more? Chapter 14 : Unexpecting Summary: NSFW!!! Lots of it!! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo awoke. He tried to move but a weight on his lap disabled him. He looked down at Ru sleeping soundly on his lap, curled up into a ball. He saw a red button going off on his tablet. General Hux. Kylo lifted the tablet and opened up messages. General Hux had been spamming him for over an hour. Ren, I'm preparing flight plans and such for 'your womens' mission. I took the liberty of making decisions for you. Ren. Hello? Are you seriously ignoring me? Are you asleep? REN! You don't get to sleep if I don't! That last one was sent 10 minutes ago, Kylo checked. He set down the tablet and chose to reply later. But the tablet buzzed again. Kylo groaned picking it up. I know you read my messages. General Hux typed back. Kylo shut off the tablet and threw it against the wall. Ru awoke with a start. "What.. Mm. What happened?" "Your training begins today, Hux has already commenced plans." Kylo said, stroking her hair. Ru groaned and nuzzled herself into Kylos neck. "I don't wanna." Kylo reached down and began planting kisses into her neck. "What do you want then?" He said, his voice croaky and deep. Ru opened up her neck, giving him space to kiss in. "I want you." Ru said moaning slightly, as Kylo kissed her sweet spot. Kylo began kissing her sloppily. His hands beginning to remove clothing off of her. Ru stepped off his lap and began to strip herself, as did Kylo standing up. Ru laid herself down on the couch in her bra and panties. Kylo climbed on top in just his boxers. He slipped one hand under Ru's ass and her right breast, massaging it. "Mmm.. Kylo." Ru moaned, encouraging his actions. Kylo slid his hands underneath Ru and undid her bra clasps. Ru opened up her legs and tangled them behind Kylo. Kylo slid Ru's bra off, and immediately started sucking on her nipple. Ru's back arched, "shitt, mm.. Fuck" Kylo pressed his erection through his boxer onto Ru's clothed clit, her cunt moist with wetness. "Kylo.. Please.." Kylo chuckled, a deep low, chested chuckle. He got up and hooked his thumbs in her panties, slowly taking them off. He slid them off her ankles, and threw them to the side. Ru shut her legs, feeling goosebumps shiver her body and the cold feeling uncomfortable against her cunt. Kylo kneeled infront of her, and slowly began to open her legs. He pulled her legs over his shoulders, and put his head inbetween her knees. He started opening her legs and sliding down towards her cunt, leaving kisses in her inner thighs. He finally made it to her soaking wet pussy. He looked up at Ru who's eyes were struggling to not roll back, she laid resting on her forearms watching Kylo. He smirked before slowly planting a long kiss through folds. He watched as Ru's eyes rolled back and she fell on her shoulders. Her back arching, as she shuddered at the feeling. Kylo began to lap at her folds a little faster, getting sloppier. Ru was gathering up sheets and moaning, as Kylo started to get faster, whilst he seized her hips. "Fuck yes!! KYLO!!! FUCK YES!!" Ru shouted as she came a long, lasting orgasm. Kylo sucked her clean. He came up and took her mouth and sloppily kissed her, making her taste herself. He got up and sat near her feet, breathing heavily. "You need to train." Ru gathered up some strength and got up, she placed each knee on each of Kylo's side, where he was sitting, and straddled him. She took hold of his hand and placed it on her right breast. Her left hand traveling down to where Kylo's bulge was prominent. She started to massage his dick and Kylo laid his head back on the couch. She leaned in, near his ear, planting a light kiss before whispering, "I want get fucked... Hard." Kylo's head slowly lifted off of the couch, meeting Ru's gaze. His eyes were filled with lust. A new sensation of dominancy running over him, he could murder her with his eyes right now. "I'm going to murder your cunt." He said reading her thoughts. Kylo placed his hands on her hips and lifted her. He carried her down the hall, her gaze on him as he looked off into the distance. He opened a door and placed her on the ground, the cold ground sending goosebumps. She observed the room. It was completely empty, except for three candles hanging on the wall. The floor was tiled, and one of the walls metal looking. Kylo came and lifted Ru up and carried her to the wall, until her back was against. The walls suddenly grumbled as the two straps tightened around Ru's wrists. Whilst balancing Ru, Kylo slowly slid his boxers off, his erection sprung free. Rising all the way in between Ru's folds. Ru bit lip her at how big it was compared to her little pussy. Kylo seized her hips and alligned himself at her entrance. He looked up at her, "You need to be more careful with your words". All at once, Kylo thrust into with his full size. "AH! FUCK" Ru shouted from his enormous size. He pulled out and thrust back in harder, making Ru's body jerk up and her breast bounce. "SHIT!" Ru exclaimed. Kylo took one of her breasts in his mouth and began to nibble on it. He pulled out and thrust back into her. "Mmmm.. YESS FUCK!" Ru kept shouting. Kylo kept his hard thrusts, he let go of her breasts, and focused thrusting. He pinned her hips to the wall, Kylo pulled out and thrust back in. "AHH! FUCKK!" Ru shouted as she threw her back. Kylo continued till they were both close. He pulled out and finished Ru on his fingers. "YESS!! MM FUCK YES!!" He lifted her off the wall, the restraints disappearing and placed her on the ground. Ru's eyes were shut, still experiencing her orgasm. The ground underneath Ru shifted as two circular straps came around Ru's breasts. Tightening around the circumference of them. Her breasts starting to turn blue from the lack of blood. Kylo didn't hesitate. He bent down and took her breasts in his mouth and started to suck, whilst he shoved four fingers in her, his thumb working her clit. "UH! FUCKK KYLO!!" Ru shouted, Kylo picked up the pace. Ru came a second time. "YES YES YES! Mm fuckk" Ru laid their heaving in and out. Kylo climbed on top of Ru, his knees at the sides of her waist. He pumped his cock, Ru watched, eager for it to be inside her. Kylo let some of his pre cum drip onto her breasts. He massaged her breasts, smearing his cum all over her. He slapped her breasts hard, Ru experiencing a new numbness over her breasts. He went down and began kissing near her navel. Slowly making his way down to her cunt. "Mm.. Kylo." He started slowly sucking her cunt. Lengthening each time he lapped at her sex. A smack noise was made everytime he released her cunt, indicating how wet she was. "Mm.. Shit Kylo. Fuck." Ru moaned, arching her back. He started lapping at her sex faster and more sloppily. "Mmm.. Yes! Yes! Yes!!" Ru shouted as she came. The straps around her breasts undid and disappeared into the ground. Kylo slapped her breasts and hard and massaged them. "Oh fuck!" Ru shouted, Kylo picked her up and took her out the room, Ru breathing heavily in the crook of Kylo's neck. He stepped into the refresher and laid Ru down in the massive tub. The cold marble sent goosebumps throughout Ru's body. "Kylo?" Kylo came in the tub, "Right here." Kylo leaned down on his forearms and seized Ru's lips, sloppily kissing her. Ru wrapped her arms around him. Kylo broke the kiss, he placed his hands firmly down on both of Ru's enormous breasts. He alligned himself at her entrance, teasing her clit with the tip of his dick. "Mm.. Fuck that feels good." Ru said biting her lip, her hips grinding for more. "Beg for it." Kylo said his voice deep. "Kylo please." Ru hesitated. "Please daddy.. Let me cum all over your dick. I need it, I need you filling me up." He looked into Ru's eyes and grit his teeth. He shoved himself into her tight cunt. "FUCK UGH!! KYLO!!" His hands tightening their grip on Ru's breasts. "ARGH!! Fucking shit your so tight." He started pounding into her, his hands squeezing her breasts blue. Ru's body jerked backwards at every thrust. "Uh. Uh. Uh" Ru began chanting as Kylo thrust into her harder and harder, shaking Ru's body. Her breasts bouncing up and down, her perked nipples grazing Kylo's chest. "I'm gonna.. Yes! I'm gonna come!!" Ru shouted. "ARGHH!! Fuck!! That's right. Come all over for daddy! Come for me!!" Kylo groaned. "FUCK fuck fuck!! Yes daddy!! Yes!! Oh fuck daddy!! Mm fuck yess!!" Ru screamed as she came. Kylo pulled out and came all over her breasts and abdomen. "Arghh fuck!!" He moaned as he came, spilling his oozing cum all over breasts. Ru moaned, panting as she slowly came down from her orgasm. Ru felt Kylo's hand travelling to her cunt. "No Kylo.. Nuh. Shit." Kylo shoved three fingers in her and started fucking her faster. "Come for daddy.. Come for me again.. Spill yourself all over my hands again." "No.. Fuck daddy.. YES YES YES!!!! Ahh YESS!!" Ru screamed as she came her final time, her legs shaking, tears spilling. Kylo bent down and licked her clean. Then came up and slowly kissed her, letting some of her juices spill in her mouth. "Mm.. Daddy.." Ru moaned tasting herself. Kylo's hands running up and down her body smearing his cum everywhere. He brought his gripped her face, Ru moaned into Kylo's mouth, at the heat of his cum smearing her cheek and jaw. Kylo broke the kiss, "Suck." He pointed his cum filled fingers at her. Ru obeyed. She took his index finger, plumping her lips and sucked it clean. Releasing with a pop. She began to lick his hand sucking each digit and licking his palm, clean. "Mm.. Daddy.." Ru said, her face turning into a wicked smile. Kylo watched not taking his gaze off her. "Well, don't you love being covered in daddy's come." He said smirking slightly. "Love it." Ru responded, taking of her cum from her cunt and Kylo's from her abdomen, and rubbed it on her breast. Finally, when she finished Kylo rose. He extended a hand to Ru. "You think I can stand after that." Kylo smirked, "I recalled you wanted to be 'fucked hard'" Kylo said whilst lifting her up. He gently stood her against a wall, his arm placed on the wall behind keeping her upright. Ru grabbed his arm and lifted herself, immediately falling onto Kylo's body. He didn't even become unstable. "Oh fuck. How am I gonna train?" Ru said holding onto Kylo's waist. Kylo started turning nobs and the shower head turned on, spraying them with freezing cold water. "Shit shit." Kylo said twisting the shower nubs. "Ahh fuck." Ru squealed squeezing Kylo in a hug. Finally, luke warm water came. They both looked at each other giggling, Ru almost fell from her weak legs. "I've got something to bring your energy back. But right now we need to clean up." Kylo said grabbing a soap bottle. He emptied half in your hand and the rest in his hair. "You do me, I'll do you." Ru said plopping the soap atop her head. Kylo eyed her with a questioning. "Just do it, you have less hair than me." Ru said, whining. Kylo groaned, then reached for her scalp and began massaging. After a few minutes, Kylo began cursing. "What the.. What the fuck?" "Ow. Ow, that hurts." Ru said squeezing her eyes. "How do you deal with this?" Kylo said, taking his hands out. "It keeps getting tangled!" Ru giggled, "Idiot." She reached to his scalp and massaged his scalp. "Get on your knees bitch." "What did you say?" Kylo said chuckling slightly. Ru laughed. "My arms are gonna get tired, down now bitchh." Saying the last word childishly. Kylo started going down but took one breast in his mouth and bit hard. "AH! OUCH! You little fucker!" Ru shouted, pulling on his scalp. Kylo was on his knees, his face directly infront of Ru's cunt. Ru leaned her head back on the wall looking up, and began massaging his scalp. Kylo wrapped his arms around Ru's waist resting his chin on her belly, looking up at her. Ru flinched and looked down at Kylo her hands still in his lumptious hair. "What's wrong?" Ru said, coming down to her knees as well. Kylo nuzzled himself into Ru's neck. "Nothing." "Liar" Ru replied resting her cheek on Kylo's soapy hair, wrapping her arms around his neck. Kylo slapped and grabbed her ass. Ru squeeled, tightening her arms around Kylo, causing a chuckle to come out of him. Kylo tightened his grip around her waist. "I don't wanna lose you." Ru whispered. Kylo pulled himself out Ru's neck, not losing the grip around her waist. "You never will." Kylo responded, his voice firm. "Anything I had was taken away from me." Ru said looking down. Kylo furrowed his eyebrows, "What do you mean?" He asked. Ru kept her gaze on the tub floor, "The first three years I spent at the Empire, were in isolation. My father called it training, it was supposed to teach me to self reliant." Ru sighed. "Long story short, I found a way to cope with complete insanity by killing. When I was fully trained in combat, I met this officer, he was my mission strategist. We spent a lot of time together, strategizing, and I realized he was the only person who cared about me. I had a mission to capture another assassin, equally dangerous as me. Before that he and I promised after I return, we would remove our purity rings with eachother." Kylo snickered. Ru looked at him nudging his shoulder, "Shut up, I was innocent." Ru said, smirking slightly. "Anyways, a few days prior to my mission. My father found out about us and he removed him from the base I worked at." Ru said, looking down once more. "My father was right. I am weak. My attachment to anything comforting distracts me from the assassin culture, he was right." Ru said looking upto Kylo. "Supreme Leader, thinks that passion towards another, can help you do incredible things." "As a Sith? Yes, indeed. But me? I defeated everything I've ever stood for." Ru responded, looking up. "I just don't wanna lose you." Ru said sniffling. "Hey, you'll never lose me." Kylo said, cupping her cheeks. Ru chuckled, her eyes watering. "That's exactly what Brendol said to me." "What?.. Wait, did you say Brendol?" Kylo said, resting his hands on her arms. "Yeah, that was his name." Ru responded. "Woah.. That's weird.. You never fucked him did you?" Ru shaked her head. "No, the whole purpose of purity ring is.." "Yeah, yeah I know." Kylo said interrupting. He bit his lips. "Its oddly coincedental. Hux's father worked in the Empire and his name was Brendol Hux." "I don't remember his last name.. But I do remember ginger hair and a sharp jawline.. Oh my.. I think it maybe him." Ru said eyes wide in shock. "Okay, yup this got weird, let's finish up I'm getting pruny." They both began washing themselves, Kylo finished up quicker and got out. Ru struggled to clean herself of Kylo's residue all over her. "Hey, next time. Can you just come inside me? Like a normal guy." Kylo peered into the washroom, "Do I look like a normal dude to you?" Ru snickered. Kylo leaned on the wall, watching Ru bend over and clean her body. "Why did you call me daddy?" Kylo asked, a curious look on his face. Ru stepped out of the refresher, grabbing a towel. "Why did you not like it?" Ru said wiping her shoulders. "Didn't expect it" Ren said, admiring Ru bent over. Ru wrapped a towel around herself and turn around to face Kylo. She leaned closer, going on her toes to reach his ear. She started to massage his manhood through the many layers and seductively whispered into his ear, "I am unexpecting." Kylo leaned back a cocky smirk planted on his face and his brows furrowed in confusion. "Where is this coming from?" Ru bit her lip craning her neck to meet Kylo's eyes. "You've awaken something in me." Ru stepped away from Kylo slowly walking out the refresher, leaning on the walls. She began to change into a clean pair of under garments and uniform, whilst Kylo watched her sitting on the couch. As soon as Ru finished, she fell onto the messy bed. She turned and inhaled the scent on Kylo's pillow, a strong musky scent, delighting her nostrils. "I have no energy.. Changing my clothes was a miracle." Ru said plopping herself on her elbows, to look at Kylo. "Right. I've got something for that." He carried her off the bed, bridal style and began to walk to the kitchen. She nuzzled herself in his neck, breathing in his scent. "You smell so good.. Did I say that outloud?" Ru said giggling. Kylo chuckled and put her down in a seat in the kitchen. Kylo opened up a cabinet to reveal a bunch of grey nameless bottles. "Here, this will help you bring back energy." Kylo said, opening up one for himself and Ru. "What is this? An energy potion?" Ru said stirring the bluey substance in the bottle. "A little creation of General Hux. He's a heavy drinker and this helps him bring back his energy and sober up for duties." Ru raised an eyebrow. "Why am I not surprised?" Ru took a sip of the drink. "What the hell? This tastes good." Ru said chugging half of it. "Blueberry...Woah. Okay relax. Half a bottle should be good." Kylo said taking it from her. "This is some powerful stuff." Kylo drank his whole bottle and began drinking Ru's. Ru looked at Kylo in confusion. "Hey, 'buddy' powerful stuff remember?" "Yeah, I have a bigger body than you, more mass to cover." Ru rolled her eyes and got up. "Wow, very effective." Her knees weren't wobbly and the pain in her stomach gone. Kylo disposed the cans and gestured Ru to follow him. Kylo led Ru to the training room. "Okay, I've got a few things to take care of, so you can start training." He said pointing to the holo training room. With that he swiftly exited the training room. Ru frowned, "How do I do this?" She started using the screen attached to the room and started to read through the settings. "Okay, level, intermediate, gotta warm up. Number of fighters? Let's see.. 18? Yeah. Weapon? Oooo. Lightsaber... Hehe select that." Ru said, talking herself through the settings. "What? Password?! Ugh, a password for using a fake weapon?" Ru said frustrated. "Hmm... What would Kylo put?" Ru started typing in 'darth vader'. A green arrow came up, allowing to train with the lightsaber. Ru rolled her eyes and giggled. "Haha, darth vader." She stepped into the room and a long wooden staff lay in the middle, "This is a lightsaber?" As if on que the room went dark, and a red light was glowing from the wooden. Ru began to reach for, when it suddenly began to mold itself into what looked like Kylo's sword like saber. Ru watched and picked up the saber once it completed, "wow.. This.. Is.. Heavy." Ru said trying to twist it and turn it. "And to think, he fights with one hand." Ru thought to herself. She began to stand in attack position and the orange men began to appear.... Notes: This took excessively long to write. Its much longer but I decided to break it down. Notes: Ill try posting every week but if I get more done maybe every four days or so? Stay tuned and hit subscribe :) till the next chapter