so it's early evening, hux pegs it for around 9 p.m. and he's thinking about what to have for dinner when he suddenly hears kylo say, "y'know, i really love you." except that would be what he said if the beer on his tongue didn't botch it into a drawled, "y'knowirellehlllloveya," that causes hux to blurt out, "y'what?" and his accent sounds so posh and snooty that he cringes, blushing, and the grass crackles as he hears kylo roll onto his belly. the air is tinged with puke (it's in the grass somewhere – kylo couldn't hold his own hair back) mixed with the fragrant blossoms in the bushes behind them and hux pulls his knees up to his chest and turns his head to squint at kylo who's all half-lidded eyes and ruffled hair and crumpled clothes (who wears a suit jacket over a plaid shirt in july?) kylo sighs out before saying, "y'know... i rrrrrrrreally love ya," and there's a thud as he collapses into the grass again. hux stares out at the tiny pinpricks of houses in uniform rows, dwarfed by the rolling gold-green grassy knell in front of them, dry from the summer sun and smelling of dirt and dew as he traces his hand through the dirt and inhales the scent of blossoms from the wild bushes protected by broken picket fences behind them. the air still smells of puke and kylo is still lying on the grass and staring up at the goldy-pink sky filled with clouds that move slower than the morning commute on a monday. "kylo." "mm?" an ice cream truck tinkles in the distance and hux swallows and blushes. "love you too." hux is suddenly kissed by a mouth that tastes of cheap beer and that cocoa butter lipbalm you find in grocery stores and he grabs the lapels of kylo's jacket as he pulls him in closer and sticks his tongue in his mouth because this has been a fucking long time coming. they break apart with lips swollen and hot and hux lies back as kylo leans down and his hands tangle clumsily through red as he plants small kisses on hux's collarbone and hux thinks that some things are probably better said when drunk after all.