Prologue Prologue: The background noise was the only thing that kept this lack of words from becoming uncomfortable as Rey held out the famed blade towards the iconic man before her. The blade that had both committed various atrocities and also did it's part to save the galaxy. It seemed surreal, neither of them saying a word as if this were some sort of dream that she was going to wake up from at any minute. She was left standing there with enough time to wonder if their last hope was going to turn around and deny her presence. If he would turn his back on the galaxy. His expression seemed to say so many things all at once. A mixture of shock, a tinge of horror and... further more... a spark of recognition all at once... and then his lips parted as if he were about to speak, needed to speak, but the words seemed not to come and still she continued to wait desperately for something to grasp onto and reminder her this was reality and not just a dream... and finally like an answered prayer Luke Skywalker uttered one. Single. Word. "Rey..." The hero's voice cracked just slightly from disuse as he spoke her name. It startled her back into reality. He took a step forward and then another and finally he grabbed the lightsaber. It brought her such relief that the weight of the galaxy would be out of her hands, but... he suddenly pushed it back towards her. "...What are you doing? I've come to get you... to bring you back..." Rey began, utterly terrified by that feeling she suddenly had, because she knew from the look in his eyes even before he spoke the words. No. She didn't want that responsibility. "You have to stop The First Order... the Republic's capital is gone." "I know. I sensed it the moment it happened, but The Force tells me that my duty now is as my master's before me. To train you." Luke's tone was so full of conviction. "I can't... I can't do it. It's too much. It's too big. I can't possibly do what you did. I'm not as strong as you." It was terrifying to think that she had been chosen for something she wasn't sure she could do... something she wasn't sure she wanted to do. "The Force has chosen you and will help you. You don't need to be afraid." Luke's hands lowered and gently held hers over the lightsaber as he met her eyes. "To see you again... has given me so much hope. I had thought that you had perished all those years ago." "See me again? What are you talking about?" Confusion pilled on top of her anxiety and fear at this newfound responsibility. "You... knew me?" It was Luke's turn for confusion to overtake his face. His eyes searched hers carefully, but when he realized she truly did not know him he dropped his hands to his sides. "You were one of my students, Rey..." Luke's answer was not the one she expected... not exactly the one she wanted either. "Your student? None of that... sounds familiar... are you sure... are you sure I'm who you think I am?" "How could I possibly forget your face? Or that warrior hairstyle, hmm?" He almost smiled, but painful memories got in the way and the faint tilt of his lips faltered and fell downwards into a frown instead. "If it's true... can you help me remember?" Rey questioned, tightening her hands around the lightsaber as if it was the only thing grounding her to this newfound reality. "I can, but it will take time... and you may not like what you see." "...I... was told... that my parents wouldn't come back for me, but that... there was someone that still could... it was you?" Luke seemed to be taking time to calculate what she was telling him, thinking it through thoroughly. "It is possible, but I have in mind a more likely candidate." Luke then took a step back and waved a hand for her to follow along with him. "Come. We have much to discuss. I think it would be better if we discussed it somewhere more comfortable." For a moment she was stunned, still standing rooted in place and trying to... to put the pieces together and somehow work through this confusion until she managed to snap herself out of it and quickly hurried after him as he headed towards a rocky shelter and then past a cloth covered door and inside. There outside she hesitated. It was her big chance to find out the truth of her past and her parents. Who she really was. She wanted to know. She did, but at the same time... she wasn't all that sure she wanted to know. She was afraid to know. She was afraid of finding out these things, because she feared they might be so terrible she would be unable to live with knowing them. Either way it went she knew that her life was never going to be the same. Taking a deep breath she stepped inside and was met with the old master's living quarter's. A small hut that was designed in a way that would be unnoticeable so long as nobody took the time to really look at it. Of course he knew how to play it smart. He had battled the Empire for a long time. One had to be clever to rebel against such evil powers. "Please sit and make yourself comfortable... you're my guest." Luke stated and Rey halted all but for a moment, but Luke took notice of her discomfort. "Is something wrong?" "The last time I heard those last few words they weren't exactly from the best host." She answered and Luke nodded in understanding. "I was captured by Kylo Ren... he used those words." "Please... do not use that name here." Luke requested and this time it was her turn to give a brief nod to say that she understood. "My nephew... do you remember him?" "I knew him before?" She suddenly asked, astonished that she wouldn't remember such a face, but then a brief memory hit her of their fight. 'it is you'. "Even he remembered... why am I the last to know?" "Because someone does not want you to know. Your memories have been taken from you by someone." Luke glanced down a moment. "Did you fight with Ben?" "Yes... he hurt my friends... and I returned the favor." She saw Luke's discomfort with her statement. "You... think he can come back like Leia does? But he's a monster... I saw what he was... what he did... to my friends... he even killed his own father." "I believe that whoever is meant to be in your life will always gravitate back towards you, regardless of how far they've wandered." Luke knew that she did not understand, but he had watched his father come back and now that he knew Rey was still alive he was sure redemption was possible for Ben. "You think he's meant to be in mine?" She didn't take the comment too lightly and despite her intentions it came out as a near snarl. "Yes." He seemed entirely unphased by her tone, but he was the uncle of Kylo Ren after all so she suspected this was quite ordinary to him. "I believe it is in your blood to bridge a gap that was made long ago." "My blood...?" She was silent then for a moment or two. So then Luke Skywalker did indeed know who they were. "Please... tell me about my parents..." Luke nodded and thought for a moment where to begin, but just before he could Rey cried out and wrapped her arms around herself, doubling over from pain. He could sense the terror come over her. "Rey!?" Luke grabbed her by the shoulders, trying to understand what was happening. "I... can't... breathe..." Rey choked out. "...water... under water... like ice... can't... break out..." "Rey! Rey, please, you must relax..." He urged, clutching her close and trying his best to comfort her and calm her down, but it seemed that this was of no help as Rey struggled harder, gasping for air until finally she went limp in his arms. "Rey?" Luke carefully checked her over in an attempt to understand what had just taken place, but physically there was nothing wrong with her. This was something else. He lifted Rey carefully and laid her down more comfortably on his bed before he made his way over to a box in the corner of the room. His hands went to it, but he hesitated a moment and let out a sigh. There was no choice. He lifted the lid and pulled out a small device and set it up on top of the box before putting the pieces back together and finally hitting the button in the center. There was silence all but for a moment when suddenly the call was answered. "Luke? Luke is that really you?" "Leia... there has been an incident... it's Rey..." Chapter 2 : Force Bound Summary: Luke asks Rey not to push herself because the First Order is not rash and will not rush an attack... but that doesn't mean Kylo Ren won't. After a daring rescue, one would think a man would be grateful, but not Kylo Ren. He was not grateful in the least for the timely and risky rescue that Hux had made. He had kicked and fought and struggled the entire way and Hux wished that he could just safely leave the spoiled brat behind to blow up with the planet, but one could not always have what one wanted. The Supreme Leader needed him and their Leader always knew what was best. Getting him into a Bacta Tank to heal had proved even more difficult and several stormtroopers were injured and tossed aside like toys by the force user, but eventually they won out due to his wounds sapping all his energy from him. The moment he was weak enough to get close to they had been forced to administer a sedative and that had been that. It had been up to the tank to do the rest of the job. A few days passed and Hux was informed the improved condition of his rival and he took the chance to stop in and see for himself. Nothing pleased him more then seeing Kylo Ren so helpless and unable to make a move. A smug smirk slowly made it's way to his face as he locked eyes with him. To say that Kylo Ren was angry was an understatement if there ever was one. He'd spent quite some time trashing about, banging his fists against the glass and trying to escape using the force. None of these things worked of course. They had taken precautions against that. "You don't seem too happy, Ren. Are you still sore that you were defeated by a woman? A scavenger no less?" Hux slowly approached the glass, hands held behind his back as he locked eyes with his rival fearlessly. "I think after that display that surely The Supreme Leader will reconsider your place here." "...!" There was a long string of bubbles in response and Hux could only imagine the curses that Kylo Ren wanted to spit at him for that. "If only your mouth was stuffed with a tube at all times. I think it would make a lot of people happy. You wouldn't believe the amount of work one can get done without you running your mouth and acting so high and mighty." Hux lightly brought a hand forward and tapped on the glass. "Have you heard yet the new nickname some of the troopers have given you? I quite like it-" "General!" A stormtrooper cut in. "The Supreme Commander wishes to speak with you immediately. We found the location of Luke Skywalker. He recently broke his radio silence which allowed us to track him." "What?" Hux looked stunned that the famous jedi would do something so foolish. "It could be a trick. We must approach cautiously." He wasted no more time and hurried off with his escort of troopers, leaving Kylo Ren under the watchful eye of Captain Phasma. There was silence for a few moments before the Captain slowly approached and removed her helmet. She had been through hell after that traitor had tossed her into a trash compactor and so she felt sympathetic for Kylo Ren being cooped up in there as she knew just how that felt to be in such a small and confined place. "What can I do for you?" She asked him cautiously. Personally she had always preferred him over Hux and so she wanted to make sure he was as comfortable as humanly possible. She watched him try and calm his temper and urge with his eyes towards the switch on the control panel. "I cannot let you out." "...!" A steam of bubbles drew upwards from his frustration as he cursed something into the breathing tube and Phasma glanced from him to the panel. No. He had saved her life during battle once long ago and so she owed it to him to do him a favor just this once. Phasma hurried over to a breaker on the wall and cut a wire that shut down all power in the sector. She might not be able to free him the simple way, but she could certainly arrange for a power outage and they could take the complicated route. The glass shattered the second the power went out and she turned just in time to find him ripping the IV from his arm and pulling the tube out of his throat with such a force she was sure he would be sore. "You will not be escaping here like that..." She eyed him up and down and decided that he was going to need a good cover. "There is armor in the storage there. You can disguise yourself and escape." He took a few moments to gather himself, but he did not have long. "I will erase your memory so you are not punished for aiding me." Phasma nodded and held still as he brought a hand up and searched for the memories, painful yes, but worth it to save both of their hides from a much more painful punishment that Hux or Snoke would issue out. Phasma was rendered unconscious, it was appear as if he had knocked her out to escape. Just as he wanted. The door hissed open and he stepped out, passing two stromtroopers that were working on a panel in the hallway in attempts to solve the power issue. They stopped to salute and he knew that they were none the wiser of the ruse, but he had to make a detour before he could leave. He had to get the location of Luke Skywalker and head there before anyone else could. While he knew it was a risk, it was one he had to take. He had to redeem himself no matter what it took. He hurried down the hallway to the communication room and passed around back the confused technicians trying to figure out where the blackout had come from. It would not take long at all for them to figure it out and get it back online. He had to hurry. He had to get the holodisc that held all the exchanged messages, because it would hold the exchange of information that lead to Luke Skywalker. There on the desk he slowly passed by and snatched it up and none of the techs had noticed a single thing. With that he made his way out and then straight down to the flight deck. Here he picked out what he knew was the quickest ship. Not a single trooper dared to question him as they all thought he was a common trooper and to this end he launched his ship from the deck without a single incident, but it would not be long before they found out and started their hunt for him. He had to be quicker. Drowning. She was drowning. Her lungs desperately screamed for air as she tried to break free from whatever was keeping her down in this dark, scary place. It was absolute terror that was suddenly bubbling up inside of her and she was absolutely sure that she was going to die. Her vision was darkening as death reached up and curled around her being. "Rey, relax." A voice echoed inside of her mind and Rey abruptly felt the nightmare shatter and she gasped for sweet, precious air that finally made it's way into her lungs. She sat up abruptly and searched the darkened room. "Rey... you're awake. How do you feel?" Luke stepped out from the shadows, seemingly having been woken by her. "Can you at all tell me what happened?" "I..." she paused momentarily to try and put it all together in a way that made as much sense as possible. "I was... trapped... under the water... by something... like ice... it was cold to the touch. I couldn't get out." "Ice..." Luke placed a hand on his beard and slowly soothed it downwards as he tried to think of something that would account for what had happened to her. "The water part... is similar... when you were younger you feel into a lake, but there was no ice. Perhaps Snoke is attempting to play off of your fears to get you to turn to him as he did with Ben." "Water... but... I'm... not afraid of water..." "No, but it was a terrifying moment." He then started a slow pace about the room. "You must be careful Rey... Snoke is a master of deceit. If you have fears he will use them, because fear leads to hate... and hate leads to the dark side." "I would never side with them." Rey swore as she clenched a fist by her side. The thought alone of her ever doing anything to help Snoke was ridiculous. She would chose death before she would serve a snake like him. "Good. I believe the only way to defeat Snoke is to find the first jedi temple. With no mentors left, we must find the knowledge the ancients left behind to restore the jedi. It is the only way." Luke folded his hands into his sleeves. "We must soon depart from this location. I was forced to contact Leia. The First Order will have picked up on the signal." "They're coming here? We have to go right away then." Rey attempted to get up, but she barely had the strength and nearly fell before Luke caught her. "Rey... you must be patient... something is happening to you right now... that is the reason I've contacted Leia. We must discover the source of your ailment." He eased her back into the bed. "Rest for now. It will take time for them to make their plans. They are not rash fools that will rush into an attack." "But-" "No buts. You've been through so much in such a short time. To begin your training you must first allow your body and mind to recover." She might have argued more if she wasn't so tired. Whatever was happening to her really was taking it's toll. All she could do was put her trust in Luke that he and Leia would figure it out and help her. After all... they had saved the galaxy and she trusted that they would save her as well. So she closed her eyes and gave into the demands for sleep. There were no nightmares. No terror. No rage. No water nor feeling of drowning. There was something else in it's place... something distant and familiar. A feeling that had no description. Just warmth. A faint rumble of thunder drew her out of her sleep and from the bed towards the window. It was pouring down rain and she did not see Luke, but she distinctly heard voices outside through the rain. They raised, grew louder and she made her way to the door to try and make it out. She peeked out the doorway cautiously and see the two figures in a flash of lightning, both soaked to the bone. "This is reckless." Luke insisted. "Everything... I have ever done... has been reckless to you... Master Luke." The voice bit out in a snarl as he pulled the trooper helmet away and tossed it down into the mud, igniting that familiar red crossguarded saber. Rey gasped in shock that he could be here and suddenly he glanced over at her. It surprised her because there should have been no way he would be able to hear that over the roaring rain and wind if they both had to yell to hear one another, but somehow he had known she was there. Another flash of lightning lit up their surroundings. "Ben...-" "Stop calling me that!" "You are ill... I will fight you when you have recovered!" Luke insisted more strongly. "I wasted enough time in that Bacta Tank! I will beat you now!" Now he shouted loudly over the storm and charged forward as if he had something to prove. Luke had no desire to use his saber against his nephew and so he instead brought a hand out and shoved him back hard with a force push. He watched as his nephew landed hard against a stone that jammed into his back and Luke knew it couldn't be helped, but Rey yelped in pain and dropped to a knee. It drew Luke's attention and he stared in astonishment, but in his distraction he did not notice his opponent getting back up and only turned just in time to narrowly avoid losing an arm. "Ben!" Luke cried out and grabbed his arm, it was a minor burn. He glanced up as his nephew raised the blade for the killing blow and quickly raised his arm to hold him with the force. "Listen to me, Ben!" Rey recovered from the pain and glanced up just in time to see that Luke was in danger. She mustered up her strength and grabbed her saber and quickly charged to slammed into Ben hard, tackling them both to the ground. "No! Rey!" Luke watched as the two struggled into another fight, both seemingly unable to hear him. "BEN!" Leaving him with no choice Luke ignited his saber and put his blade between theirs before they clashed. They both shot him a glance of surprise, but Ben's anger took over and he made to strike at Luke and Rey was forced to reengage with him to protect her master. "Stay out of it!" He snarled at her when she once again got in his way of killing Luke. "Make me!" She retorted in challenge. "Both of you stop it! Don't you understand what's happened here?!" Despite his words the battle continued on and Luke decided to switch tactics to one he knew had to work. "Why did you leave Rey on Jakku, Ben?" Rey quickly glanced at Luke as Ben faltered and sputtered before ducking to avoid the clumsy swing that Rey had made towards him. This entire battle was a mess. It was raining, it was slippery and it was dark and hard to tell what was happening outside the glow of their sabers. "I... don't know what you're talking about!" He snapped back, lips curling back into a snarl as their battle progressed further backwards in a mix of red, blue and green. He brought his leg back and slammed it into Luke's ribs, sending the older man back several paces and then he grabbed Rey's wrist just in time and she caught his. It was the same stalemate as the last time. "Let go!" She shouted as she struggled against his strength. Why did he seem stronger then she recalled? "You let go first!" "No way! You're a bad guy! If I let go first you'll cheat." "I am not a bad guy." He grew irritated to be accused of cheating and tightened his grip until he felt the pain in his wrist and glanced over to find Luke had grabbed both their arms. "Please, listen to me. The both of you." Luke insisted, having put away his saber to try and show he wanted only a peaceful conversation, but his nephew was having none of it and with a hard shoved all three of them slipped on the muddy ground, stumbled around to try and get their footing until... a flash of lighting revealed just how close to the edge of the cliff they were... and Rey slipped backwards over the edge, unable to regain her footing. For a brief second Luke glanced at his nephew and saw the expression there that expression from long ago and the next second he dropped his saber, shoved Luke aside and leapt over the side after her. "Ben!" Luke quickly found his footing again and glanced over the edge, but he could see nothing. Everything was such a blur at first. The flash of red, blue and green and then suddenly she was falling, falling into swirling darkness and it hurt. At first it was terribly painful when she hit the water it felt quite close to having fallen on stone, but then she was sinking into the raging darkness and no matter how much she tried and struggled she simply could not find the surface nor get anywhere near it. And then in that darkness and the freezing cold something grabbed her and she struggled and fought, but it was pointless when she couldn't even see all the way down here. It wrapped around her and suddenly a flash hit her. The sound of children laughing, a loud splash... and it was gone just as soon as it came and she felt herself break the surface of the water and took in precious air in large gasps. "Ben!" Luke called out, shining the light out towards him and holding out his hand to help them and Rey watched as he hesitated a moment before he took Luke's hand and allowed him to help them out of the water. "Are you alright, Rey?" "... I..." She wasn't sure what to say or what to think this was all so much to take in. "it is alright. I understand." Luke said and she was relieved to not have to try and explain what was impossible to explain. "Ben... since you are unarmed... you will speak peacefully with us." That was when he suddenly glanced down at his hip for his saber and realized what he had done so rashly and he aburptly started to make a move but Luke ignited his blade and held it to Ben's throat before he could do so. "Do not even think it... if I hurt you it will in turn hurt Rey. The Force has chosen to connect you." Luke informed him and then tossed a rope to Rey and she understood without him having to say it. His nephew had to be tied up. There was no way he could be trusted and he was outmatched so he begrudgingly allowed her to tie his wrists together. After what he had done to his father... even though he had saved her... she still did not trust him. A low growl escaped him as he took notice of the pleased look on Luke's face. It irritated him beyond belief that he had been so foolish and rash. This was the second time that he had lost... to her... because of her. If Snoke were to learn of this... that would be the end for him. There would be no forgiveness for a second mistake like this. It seemed the deal was sealed as he stepped inside the hut, because it officially made him their prisoner. "Have a seat, nephew." Luke insisted with a light force shove into the seat as he grabbed two blankets, draped one over Rey and the other cautiously over his nephew. It was a dangerous game to have him so close, especially since it was difficult to see the expression on his shadowed face in the candle light and hence difficult to know if he was plotting something. "Please... tell me what is happening. You said that the First Order wouldn't be so rash." Rey began in worry. "The First Order is not rash. Ben... on the other hand... Ben is." Luke responded and it earned him a sharp glare and a bare of teeth. it made Luke feel as if he had captured a rabid wolf rather then his own nephew. "More importantly... Ben has some things he needs to explain. I'll ask again, Ben... why did you take Rey to that place?" With a low growling sigh Ben glanced off to the side. "She was the last one left... they left her to me to finish... but I was weak... and my weakness has led me here to my own capture. I should have killed her." "You? You left me on Jakku? My mother left me there not you!" Rey stepped forward, clenching her fists. "They promised to come back to me!" "Go on, Ben. Tell her the truth." Luke said and another sigh left his nephew as he gritted his teeth. "No... you never knew your parents..." "...no..." Rey took a step back. "That's not true... it's not true! I remember them!" "No. They are false memories. I gave them to you." He grew faintly irritated that she wouldn't just accept it. "Why?! Why would you do it?!" She grabbed him by the collar of his uniform and shook him, tears building in her eyes from a swirling thunderstorm of emotion. She was not sure what was worse... if it was the fact that she had never really known her parents, that all she knew was a lie... or that a monster had given her a fake past and made her life a lie. He glanced off to the side again, for long moments he was silent before he turned his face back towards her. "Because I wanted you to be happy... you were just a little girl." "What could a monster possibly know about happiness?" Rey turned towards Luke then, eyes pleading. "Please, tell me it isn't true." "I wish I could, Rey." Luke felt nothing but sympathy because he recalled when he first found out the truth of his own parents. "Your father was a brave pilot, but he was killed in combat and your mother... well... her last wish was for you to be left with us to train to become a jedi because you showed early signs of being force sensitive... I'm very sorry that you had to learn this way." "Don't leave out the best part... Uncle." Ben cut in. "I'm getting to that. It involves you." Luke waved a hand dismissively at his nephew because he knew he was going to attempt to make bitter comments this entire session. "You're a Kenobi, Rey. And that is why you and my nephew must not fight. You will only be re-fighting the battle of your grandfathers... and we know how it will end... don't we, Ben?" "A... Kenobi...?" she asked, briefly shooting a glance at their makeshift prisoner when she felt his glare burn through her. The swirl of anger inside of him at Luke's dismissal of him and his abilities stung at her like a hot iron. "Yes. Kenobi was the true hero that saved us from the Empire. Had it not been for him I may still be on a desert planet. In the face of darkness he was incorruptible and selfless." Luke glanced at his nephew once more. "I had always thought it might be our bloodline that would bring balance back to The Force, but I see now that I was wrong... it is yours, Rey." "Why does it have to be me? Why can it not be you?" Rey grabbed her head in her hands and tried to hold off the aching headache, but it was no use. "Stop... thinking so much..." Once again Ben cut in, but with a pained growl of irritation. "It isn't as if it affects you!" She suddenly snapped back. "It affects you both. Have you not realize yet or are you in the first stages of denial? While you may be able to ignore it in it's early stages... you will not be able to for long." Luke said as he set a hand on Rey's shoulder and guided her to sit down across from Ben, far as he possibly could get her from him. "You have developed a Force Bond." "How can you be so sure?" Rey blanched at the thought of being bonded to that monster in any way sickened her to the core... and then a misplaced sense of twisted pleasure that she was sure was not her own. "I was not sure at first. In fact I had no idea... not until your shared his pain... not until..." Luke glanced between them. "Your memories were erased... so your fear of drowning should not have surfaced... but Ben... you spent time in a Bacta Tank... your force bond connected you. You panicked when you were conscious again under water and unable to breathe on your own did you not? You triggered Rey's fear... and you are ill from your wounds... Rey shows signs of illness, but she is not sick." "How is this possible?" It was Ben's turn to ask the questions, but he seemed more decisive and plotting... as if he intended to learn what he could and use it to his advantage. "You are the ones that have caused it. I have no answer to how, but I can explain to you what it is. It has been common to occur between a master and their padawan, on rare occasions in others in... more antagonistic roles. A Force Bond varies. I cannot tell you what you will be able to do with it." Luke was doing his utmost to maintain himself, but sitting here with these two brought back memories both good and bad and it was difficult to be true to his jedi code when he so badly wanted to scold his nephew for all that he had done. "Yet..." Ben smirked faintly, lowing his head even further. "The Jedi did not like to form such connections. Open your life to passion and risk exposing yourself to the darkside... are you not afraid that I will influence her?" "The bond is formed. I can do nothing, but I believe she is more then strong enough to resist your temptations." "The Jedi were fools to not realize the potential-" "How do you break it?" Rey suddenly asked, breaking back into the conversation after having been forced to run such a vast amount of thoughts through her mind in such a short time. She may still be very confused about all of this, but there was one thing she was sure of. "I want him out..." "To break a bond... it is not so simple... one of you... would have to die..." Luke began. "but even then the bond would not go away... you would be left with the equivalent of a festering wound." "Having him inside my mind once was enough!" She shouted, becoming frustrated with the situation. "I am sorry, Rey. I wish that there was a way for me to help you. Perhaps the temple will hold more answers than I can give... we will leave for there the moment daylight breaks." He promised her. "I can only ask that for now you get as much rest as you can..." With those final words Luke made to secure things for the night, both making sure there was no evidence of The First Order as well as securing Ben for the night so there would be no means of escape and making sure that Rey was made as comfortable as possible... although the circumstances... did nothing to make it easy. It would prove to be a most difficult night. The night had been one of the roughest nights she had ever weathered and she had been through some rough ones. Dreams and strange thoughts plagued her and she found herself endlessly restless. A small shaft of light streamed through the window and into her eyes, making her close them more tightly against the invasion... but it eventually won out and she sat up groggily. There across from her she noticed her enemy... or prisoner now was it? It seemed he had not slept and instead spent his time watching Luke who was now making a transmission outside just out of earshot... and when he noticed she was awake he glanced over at him to give her a full view of his face. Now in the light of day she got a clear look at his face. He looked so deathly pale. And his face... at the time she hadn't really thought about it... not in the heat of battle, but she had done severe damage to his face. A scar ran from beneath the collar of the armor he wore all the way up to the bridge of his nose and then straight up into his hairline. The only thing that she could not understand was why he had not been taking care of himself. It was clear from the scruff on his chin and above his mouth that he had not even taken the time to worry over his own appearance and the sickly pale of his skin that he'd not worried of his health. Was he really so rash that he would refuse his own health and rush here to take revenge on her? Do you regret it? A voice seemed to ask, but she could only faintly shake her head and respond with no. She did not. He had deserved it for what he had done. "I should thank you... now I will not be forced to see Han Solo when I see my reflection." He stated and she scowled at him. He was so unpleasant. "...How did you know what I was even..." Her fists slowly clenched as she realized it. "Stay out of my head." 'Make me. ' He challenged mentally. Two could play this game. 'Fine. Ben.' Her response made him falter and his expression fell. "Don't... ever call me that again..." "Then stay out of my head." His eyes shifted as he thought deeply about something and she tried to control this bond so that she didn't have to hear his insane ravings. She wanted nothing to do with him and if it was possible she intended to break this bond. There had to be a way. "Why do you not train with me? I can be your teacher... Luke will only limit your abilities... the Jedi are weak..." "Weakness is giving in to the darkness." Rey responded and he narrowed his eyes at her. It seemed he did not like hearing it. "It all started with that lightsaber..." "What?" "The moment I touched it... that is when all of this happened... those visions... of the past or the future?" "Visions?" His expression further shifted and he glanced up at her. "You touched it... and you saw the objects past?" "I don't know what I saw." "It is called Psychometry. Where touching an object allows a force user to see the objects memories, tap into past and future." He explained and then he glanced down. "The Jedi forbid it. They believed that it exposes you to the dark side of the force. Luke would see to it that your abilities never fully prosper. You could become an expert tracker like-" "I don't want to. I don't want any of this." "You don't want it?" Everything in him expressed utter confusion. Who would not want such a power? "All that power... you don't want it?" "No. Not if it means becoming like you." She responded bitterly. "Not if it means becoming a murderer that kidnaps children and turns their lives into lies." "A murderer?" He asked her. "You killed your own father." "Han... Solo. I've killed hundreds... thousands... of enemies across a hundred different planets but... this is... the only times I've ever truly felt like a murderer. And yet... I'm justifying it to myself even now... that the end warranted the means..." There was a glimpse of Ben Solo through the haze of darkness as he spoke. A spark of something, but it did nothing to calm the rage that was building inside of her. "You stole my memories from me!" "I wanted you have happy memories... and I needed you to stay there. Ben Solo had a dream about what he would have liked his parents to have been like... it made him happy... just for a little while... and so I gave it to you." He lowered his head and found some spot on the floor to gaze at. He could not bring himself to face her after such a confession. Regardless of wanting to or not she felt the bitter pain deep down inside of him. The isolation, the fear... the loneliness... and the abandonment... even the betrayal. It made it hard to keep the anger inside of her when she knew those feelings so well herself. Real or not she still knew them. "Why Jakku? Of all the places...?" As Rey asked this final question her shoulders slumped and despite how much she wanted to hate and despise him... she felt sorry for him instead. "I know... it was a harsh place, but he had promised to take care of you... I had to take into consideration your inability to swim... I had no time to teach you and you loved the water too much to stay away." "He didn't take care of me." "I'm sorry." "What are you to me?" Rey finally questioned and for a moment he said nothing which left her to think he was finished talking, but then he lifted his head and met her eyes. "You need to return to the beginning if you want the answers to your questions. Take it from me." "Take it? It was so painful when you went inside of my head..." Though he might deserve it she was still linked to him and she had no desire to feel that again any time soon. "Only because you resisted me. There will be no resistance here. Take what you need." He insisted. Rey chose silence in this moment as she considered what she should do, but it was not at all a difficult choice. He had stolen something from her and all she would be doing was taking it back. It belonged to her. "I'll only take what belongs to me." "Do not make promises you cannot keep." She was unsure of what he meant by that, but she knew that she had to regain her true memories if she was going to move forward from here. There was no other way. She reached out cautiously and set a hand against the side of his head... and she focused on The Force to search for her long lost memories. Chapter 3 : Memories Summary: "If moments are fleeting, memories are permanent." - Unknown Stars exploded before her eyes and she fell into the memories like falling through shattered glass, each piece a distant memory... but each of them sharing one quality... they all started with a young, dark haired boy. It was the dead of night and the only light was a special nightlight that gave off the shapes of ships and planets and stars onto the ceiling and walls. The young boy watched the shapes to distract himself from the darkness he feared. And suddenly he had something else to fear as there was a loud crash and the shouting started... and the young boy pulled the blankets over his head and hid as he listened to the fighting and screaming of his parents downstairs. It went on for the longest time and finally a door slammed and there was silence. The boy waited for a time before he finally gathered the courage to get out of bed and pad his way over to the door and open it. Still there was silence and he made his way over to the stairs and into the living quarters. There on the couch he saw his mother, holding a hand over her eyes and sniffling softly. The entire room was a mess. Various broken decorations littered the floor. "Mommy?" He questioned and his mother suddenly rubbed at her eyes and tried to compose herself the best she could. "Ben... have you had another nightmare?" She saw the fear in his face and it broke her heart that he had to wake up from terror into more of it. She turned and held her arms out for him and without hesitation he ran into them. "It's alright. Mommy and Daddy just had a silly argument. It's nothing you need to worry yourself over." "Has he left again?" Leia was surprised at his tone, but knew he would know if she were to lie to him, because the moment his father was gone for days on end he would know it. "...yes. He's left again." And in that moment the young boy felt the hate start to fester in his heart for the man he called his father. All he ever did was make his mother cry and then leave them both to fend for themselves. His poor mother was forced to carry such a burden. He was young but not stupid and he knew how hard she struggled... and he hated his father for putting them in this situation. "Ben... tomorrow... we're going to go see Uncle Luke." It was an unexpected place to start. She had pressed too deeply within his mind. She had to travel forward some more. This was not what she was searching for. Rey glanced past this memory and into another. "But... I don't want to go..." The young Ben Solo who could not be more then ten clung to his mother desperately as he glanced out the window of the craft to see the man awaiting him on the landing pad. "Please don't make me. I'll be good. I promise!" "Ben... it isn't about being good or bad." Leia kneeled in front of him and gently stroked his hair back. "Then why are you leaving me...?" Despite himself the boy began to cry, shed tears and rub at his eyes desperately because he was afraid that if he cried too hard his mother would leave him for sure. "I'm not leaving you. I'm bringing you here to train because you're going to become a Jedi like Uncle Luke. Isn't that exciting?" "But mommy I want to stay with you, please! I'll do anything!" It broke Leia's heart to see him like this and to be forced to leave her child, but she had no choice. It was for his own safety. The ship made it's rough landing and the doors opened allowing them to step out and be greeted by Luke. "Leia... Ben... it's so good to see you again." Luke rocked a small bundle in his arms and glanced at Ben. "You've grown so much. Are you excited to train with me?" "..." Ben didn't answer and instead rubbed at his eyes again, trying to fight off the anxiety of what was about to come. "Luke..." Leia began and glanced at the bundle in her brother's arms. "What do you have there?" "A baby uncle Luke? I thought Jedi weren't allowed to be married?" Ben asked suddenly in confusion. He had studied the rules as best he could before coming here, trying to please his mother. "Ah... so you have been studying." Luke was pleased that his nephew had taken an interest in studying so soon. "You're not wrong. The rules are still in place. This is Rey... her father... left her to me." "Oh... Luke... no..." Leia gave a knowing look and Luke smiled sadly, but he said nothing more as neither wanted to mention such a thing in front of a child. But the boy knew what they meant without them even having to say it. "Ahhh, so sorry to interrupt." C-3PO suddenly cut in, coming down off the ramp. "We simply must leave now if we are to arrive in time for the meeting with the Senate." "Of course. You're right." Leia quickly hugged her son in a tight embrace. "I'll visit. I promise you. Be a good boy for your uncle, Ben." With that Leia made her way back onto the ship and Luke held out his gloved hand for Ben to take and they both watched as Leia's ship slowly lifted and took off far, far away from here. It broke the boy's heart and despite his best efforts the tears started to steam down anew as he watched his mother leave him. Now not only had his father left, but also his mother. "Ben... don't cry." Luke's voice cut into his thoughts. Ben sniffled and tired to rub the tears away all over again, but it was so difficult. He felt so lost and so afraid. So lonely. The mother he loved and trusted so much just left him here so easily and so quickly. "Sorry... uncle Luke..." "It's alright." Luke glanced at his nephew and then thought of something that might help to distract him. "I haven't introduced you to Rey, yet have I? Rey... this is Ben... and Ben... meet Rey." "Hi, Rey..." Ben introduced himself quite seriously and attempted a formal tone that he had been taught by his mother despite his young age. Luke smiled and found it humorous, but was happy he was making an effort. "Do you want to hold her?" Luke questioned and Ben nodded and held his arms out. "It is a big responsibility. Make sure you support her head." He carefully handed the young infant to Ben, making sure he kept his arms nearby just in case. It was an instant connection between the two and Rey made a little sound of acknowledgement. For the first time in a long time Luke saw Ben smile. He had always been aware of how troubled Ben was and it did worry him, but perhaps here he would have a better chance at the future. Luke hoped that it was the start of a bright new beginning for them all. That memory shattered. Ben waited for his mother's ship to arrive at the landing pad. His excitement was growing as he thought about seeing his mother's face for the first time in months. Finally there he saw it! The ship was slowly coming in for a landing and he stepped back as the doors opened and he saw the familiar golden glint of C-3PO. "C-3PO! Where is mom? Is she in the back resting? It was a long flight wasn't it?" Ben questioned and stepped forward. "Master Ben..." C-3PO began and then Ben's face fell at the tone. "Your mother unfortunately cannot be here. There was an incident in the senate and-" Ben didn't even wait a moment longer to hear another word and turned and sprinted away from the landing pad as quickly as his legs would carry him. In the distance he distinctly heard C-3PO's cries of worry, but he did not stop running for the longest time. It seemed like he ran for hours until finally he no longer had the strength to go on and he doubled over and set his hands on his knees, panting heavily. Despite how hard he had tried to run away from the horrible feelings that trailed behind him they all caught up with him and he dropped to his knees. Tears fell down as he reached up and grabbed a fistful of grass and finally sobbed out all the pain inside of him. "Hey." A voice called out. "Are you okay?" "It's Ben Solo, Nileeta. He's a crybaby like that all the time because Master Luke is his uncle and he can get away with it. Just leave him there and let's finish our training." Ben's fists clenched harder in the grass as he sniffled and glanced up at the other students. It was always like this. "I'm not a crybaby, Darin..." "Yeah right! You cry every time your mommy doesn't come to see you!" Darin responded and some of the other boys were unable to stifle their laughter. Although, Nileeta seemed more sympathetic, but she still did nothing to stop it. "All our moms left but you don't see us crying! You're just a coward, crybaby! You aren't even worthy to be trained by Master Luke." Those words piled on top of his pain and weighed him down, pulled him into a very dark place. His shoulders began to shake with rage and he gritted his teeth and slowly forced himself to his feet and glared at the boys. "I'm not a coward!" "So you say with your mouth, but you're really a coward. I bet that's why your mom can't stand to see you. She hates knowing she raised a coward." Darin crossed his arms over his chest and smirked. That last string snapped and Ben screamed and charged at Darin and tackled the other boy to the ground and punched him hard in the face, all his pent up feelings behind the fist. The other boys glanced at one another in shock and quickly grabbed Ben and pulled him off Darin. "I dare you to say it again!" Ben snapped. "Agh! Hold him still!" Darin snapped and wiped the blood from his nose as he stepped forward and punched Ben in the stomach, then the face and proceeded from there to violently beat him. Another blow to the stomach made his insides churn and Ben dropped to his knees and barely stopped himself from vomiting. The moment he was down the other two joined in like a pack of animals after their prey. The pack mentality won the fight and the group started kicking him relentlessly. Eventually he stopped trying to fight, because this pain was so much easier to feel then the ache in his heart... and he instead focused on the physical ache in his beaten body because he preferred it. Eventually they grew tired when he simply gave up and took it as a sign of defeat and surrender and without a word they left him there. He lifted his head slowly and glared at their backs, silently swearing that he would get his revenge someday. He was going to train even harder and he was going to make them pay for treating him this way. Once he felt enough strength he got up and limped his way back to the temple where his uncle resided. It seemed like it took forever to make the painful trip back, but finally he arrived and there he saw his uncle rocking the young Rey in his arms. "Uncle...-" "Ben." Luke acknowledged, having yet turned to look at him and he dreaded what Luke might say if he found out the truth. Found out that he was so weak that he'd been put in that situation and when Luke finally did turn around the happy smile on his face faded and his lips parted in shock. "Ben... what happened?" "I... I fell..." Ben decided to lie for the shame he felt at losing a fight so badly. "Jedi do not lie." Luke turned and handed Rey off to the caretaker droid and kneeled in front of Ben to inspect his wounds more closely. "Tell me the truth." "... the other students said I was a cry baby and privileged only because of you... and I got mad..." "You fought with them? You should have come to me. I will handle it." Luke stood up with a sigh. "Ben... from now on you mustn't call me uncle. You must refer to me as Master Luke. I cannot have the other students believing that you are treated with special privileges like that." With that Luke patted his shoulder and left the room to go and repair the damage that had been done and Ben turned and stared after him, shoulders slumping. So he was no longer allowed to call him uncle. Had he shamed Luke that much? He felt even more betrayed... his father... his mother... and now even his uncle... they wanted nothing to do with him. "Master Ben." The care droid began as it set Rey into her crib. "Allow me to treat your injuries." "No thank you." Ben responded dully and slowly made his way over to the crib and the moment Rey saw him she gurgled and reached her tiny hands out to him. She was like him. Left behind by her parents. He related to it. She may not exactly be fully aware of things, but she was aware that her mother figure was missing. All children knew those things. "At least you like me, Rey. I'll make sure you never have to feel sad like this. I promise." Rey skipped forward into memories and continued walking through the shattered glass like appearance and she was slowly regaining her own memories. Slowly remembering how they had grown close as children. She had known Ben Solo personally...? A young seven year old Rey stared up from her where she was lying on the hill beneath a beautifully blooming cherry blossom at a seventeen year old Ben Solo as he approached her, just having finished his training for the day. It was very obvious that he was not the same innocent boy that was so sensitive and hurt so easily. Over the years he had grown to become so cold and calculating. At least with everyone else. With her a little bit of himself still shinned through. "Ben!" She leapt up from her spot and launched herself into him, hitting him directly in the stomach as she latched onto him. She heard his brief exhale as she knocked the wind out of him, but still lifted her up into his arms. "Rey... have you finished all your homework?" His expression was troubled, she could tell... she could feel it radiating off him in waves. "Mmmhm." She nodded, but glanced at the discoloring in his face, a few dark bruises that looked like he hadn't done so well in a sparring match. "You look sad." "No." Ben denied it and lifted her up high in his arms and found a comfortable place underneath the tree to sit down with her and allow her to make herself comfortable in his lap. Once she situated herself she glanced at him and pouted. It made her so unhappy that he would lie to her. "Why are you making that face?" "You're a liar." "A liar?" "You look so sad." Rey answered and held onto the collar of his robes and watched him tilt his head to the side. "Mmm. It's only a white lie." He admitted. "I was sad, but... I'm happy now that I'm with you." "Oh." It made sense to her and so she allowed it to slide that he had lied to her. Master Luke had told her it went against the Jedi way to lie and she always made sure to never do that as she wanted to be a Jedi someday so that she could always be with Ben and Master Luke. They were the only family she had. "Guess what I've brought." Ben changed the subject and she locked eyes with him and they challenged one another for a moment in attempts to guess and then she set a hand against his chest and felt the hard square under the cloth. "You did bring it! I thought it got stolen." "It did. I retrieved it from the thief and gave him a good trashing." He responded over dramatically and reached into his robes to pull out the poetry book that she so loved for him to read to her from. Her exuberant smile dissipated when she added something up. "... Ben did you get hurt because you were getting our book back?" The young girl questioned and the corners of his mouth turned downwards. She knew from personal experience that the other students didn't like him and they often got into physical fights with him so it was no surprise that she added up the story behind his bruised face and the sudden reappearance of the stolen book. "I won." He insisted as if winning was all that mattered and to him... it was. "Anyway... enough of that. Let's pick up where we left off shall we?" As he searched for the page they left off on she got more comfortable and rested her head against his chest where she could hear the steady beat of his heart and the rumble of his deep and soothing voice. It wasn't particularly the words, but merely the sound of his voice. He could be reading any book and it would be fine. He never had to fight for it. It didn't take long for her to fall asleep against him as he read and he briefly took a glance down at her and decided to finish the rest in silence to allow her the rest as he cradled her closely in his arms. He would always keep her safe like this and he would never let go, never let anything harm her. As she watched the memories Rey felt a particular oddness. To be able to feel both of their emotions at once... was almost too much. She progressed through the memories to a particularly sunny day. Rey was exploring the other young padawans. They were on their own little adventure while Master Luke was in a meeting with the older students. The flowers were so colorful in the gardens. There was every shape and size. It was like something from a fairy tale. Absolutely bursting with life. Her connection to The Force connected her to the life all around her. Every tree, every plant and flower. The lake was always so blue and so beautiful. There was nowhere else quite like it. The cool breeze that rolled off the water stirred up the small golden specks of pollen and leaves alike really brought to mind just how filled with life this whole world was. And then a familiar presence near by. She glanced up to see Ben pass by the gardens towards the meeting room. She wanted to see him today, but he was in such a rush she knew better then to approach him. The other children all froze when Ben passed by, because they all feared him like the rest of the students. His temper was very well known to everyone here. "Rey, why do you spend time with Ben? He's so scary..." One of the younger girls spoke up uneasily. "Ben isn't scary, Unie. He's actually really nice and he always reads my favorite book to me." Rey responded with a faint smile. It made her happy just thinking about him. He was her protector who had always been there when she needed him most. "He's only nice to you. If it's anyone else he's mean." A boy butted in. "Tarth, if Rey says he's nice I believe her." Unie replied, crossing her arms with a pout. Rey had never been a liar. "She's only saying that because she's in love with him!" Tarth shouted back. "I am not!" Rey frowned at their words. What did they know? "Nuh-uh, Tarth you're just saying that because you love, Rey!" Unie shot back and the boy's face turned beat red. "That's a lie!" He defended. A throat cleared and the students glanced up to find Master Skywalker and Ben standing there before them. They exchanged glances and then Ben glanced off to the side and Rey winced a little in hopes that he didn't hear that entire argument, but somehow she felt that he had. She wondered if he was upset. "M-Master Skywalker... I... thought there was a meeting." Tarth wheezed out. "Oh, but there was." Luke began, barely maintaining his smile. "It's over now. I just hope my young students haven't been fighting?" "No! Never!" The young padawan tried to worm his way out of the hole he had dug... and Luke was unable to keep his straight face anymore and a smile broke out as he chuckled lightly and patted the boy's head. "You have much to learn." Then he turned his attention to Rey. "Rey, come along. We have something to discuss." Luke and Ben started to head off in the direction of the lake and Rey hurried to catch up with their longer strides. It was easier to catch up with Ben because he always stayed a pace behind his master. When she finally manage to catch up he glanced at her with a faint smile and held a hand out. She almost reached out for it, instinctively, but then she remembered what the other students said and she quickly retracted and kept to herself. She didn't want the other students to see and make more comments against Ben, but the moment she saw the hurt expression cross his features she immediately regretted it. She almost felt his pain as clearly as she might feel her own at such a rejection. His hand dropped back at his side and he glanced off into the distance somewhere. "Rey, as you know we just returned from a meeting." Luke stated very matter-of-factly. "Did you know what the meeting was about?" "No Master Luke." Rey glanced up curiously. "Ben and his classmates are going to become Jedi... and although you can't participate Ben and I wanted to know if you would like to come along?" "Can I really come with?!" "You can." "I would love it!" Rey said with excitement, but that didn't last too long when she second thought herself. Luke had said Ben also wanted her to come along, but she had just hurt his feelings and she wondered if he still wanted that. She glanced at his face and tried to figure out if he was upset with her or not, but he had the same expression he always wore. He was too hard to read. "It will be a long journey. Prepare yourself." Luke informed. "You may return to your friends, Rey. Ben and I still have things to discuss." These next few brief memories Rey chose to walk past. These memories were all leading up to the moment of truth and she wanted to reach the end. The older students that would become Jedi very soon all gathered in front of the ship where Luke stood. "You are all here today, because I have decided that it is time for you to become Jedi. This trial is called The Gathering. It is an important Jedi rite of passage. We will be traveling to the planet of Ilum." Luke informed them. "The Jedi of old would endure this struggle at a bit younger age, but I made the decision to wait a little longer for this particular class." "Because of Ben." One student scoffed quietly and Luke did not look at nor acknowledge the one who made the comment. He merely acted as if it had never been said at all. "Have you all made sure to pack everything you will require for a long trip?" Luke asked and everyone gave their affirmation. "Very well. Let us be on our way then shall we?" Again Ben distanced himself from everyone and boarded the ship to find a seat that was far away from everyone else. Nobody would dare sit next to him, but that suited him just perfectly. Everyone had paired up together and there he was left sitting alone again just as he always was. One might think that being the nephew of Luke Skywalker would be a positive thing that would earn you respect, but it turned out it was the exact opposite. The others were jealous of him and so they treated him like an outcast. Luke's hands were tied, because if he were to say something then it would be considered favoritism among the other students, but at the same time Rey thought he should say something, because they were getting away with being cruel and it was against the Jedi way. The door slowly closed and sealed with a hiss and the ship jolted as it began it's liftoff. It startled her because she had never been off the planet before. She felt herself growing nervous. She quickly took a seat next to Ben, but when she glanced up at his face she was met with an unfamiliar expression. "Why are you here? Sit somewhere else." He insisted suddenly, folding his hands into his sleeves as he glanced away from her. "Why...?" She asked quietly, but she thought it must be because of what happened the other day. "Because I hurt your feelings yesterday? I'm sorry." "What? No... you didn't hurt my feelings." "You're a liar." She frowned and watched his lips curl up into a scowl. He let out a low sigh then and shook his head. "They were making fun of you, because you spent time with me. That is the truth is it not?" "But... I don't care." "I do." His voice lowered even further. "Your reputation isn't... it isn't worth it. I don't want you to have live like I have. It's time to separate yourself from me. You have to grow up some day... and I won't always be around." He wouldn't always be around. What did that mean? The tone in his voice and the way that he said it sent an uncomfortable chill down her spine. "Are you going away, Ben?" She reached out and grabbed onto his robes as if she could hold him here and stop him from leaving... and as her voice broke so did his heart. It was nearly unbearable. "I don't know what's going to happen in the future, Rey." Despite it going against his better judgment he reached out and pulled her closer in attempts to comfort her. Only a few students actually paid enough attention to sneer at him. "Rest. We have a long flight ahead of us." "How can I?" She felt too upset and uneasy to fall asleep now. "Do you want me to help you sleep?" His tone was flat, distant and it disturbed her, but knowing nothing could change that she instead nodded. He brought his hand up and carefully put her to sleep so that she could rest easy. He carefully pulled her closer against him and glanced out the window to distract his troubled thoughts. It would be a long ride. Rey glanced at the memory and was tempted to press into his mind to learn his thoughts at the time and just as she reached deeper she felt his resistance and resulting pain. The answer to her invasion was clear. He wanted her to stay out of his personal thoughts in that moment. 'don't press too far' He warned and she backed off to return to what came next. She needed her answers first. Rey woke with a jolt as the ship jerked hard and landed with a loud thump. She glanced up at the warmth wrapped around her and was met with an inquisitively raised brow. For just a moment she was afraid that he wouldn't be there. "What?" It seemed from his voice that whatever was bothering him earlier had faded and he was his usual grumpy self. "I was afraid... that maybe you would be gone... when I woke up..." She answered, lightly twisting her fingers in the cloth of his robes and he leaned his face in closer to hers and stared at her for the longest time. "Where did you think I would go? Jump off the ship and suffocate myself in space? No thanks." He sat back and glanced out the window, but there wasn't much to see. It was a white out. Luke made his way out of the front and regrouped with his students. The door lowered and they were met with a freezing blast of wind and ice, but Luke showed no hesitation and started forward out into the freeze which urged his students to follow along with him. This planet was a vast difference from the jungle planet with vast waters that Rey had come to know as her home. It was absolutely freezing, but at the same time the soft, white flakes were the most beautiful thing. She took one step off the landing ramp and disappeared down into the white. Ben halted and glanced back, lips twitching just faintly as a faint sound escaped him. He held his breath and barely halted the laughter that wanted to escape him as he started towards the place he last saw Rey and reached his hand down to help her out of the deep snow that went over the short girl's head. She glanced up at him and grabbed onto his hand and allowed him to pull her out and lift her up onto his shoulders. The snow was much too deep for her to get through. Even the other students struggles to get through, but Ben was taller and he had an easier time for once. She found her knew vantage point to be interesting and tried to take in all the sites she could from up here. Still there was not much to see but white until they arrived at what seemed to be a barrier. A wall. "Here. I will need your help to get through this wall." Luke began. "You must use The Force. All of us. Together." For this he had to set Rey down again and he held out a gloved hand towards the wall to link his focus with the others. It was a rare team effort between them and Rey watched as the icy wall started to crack and shatter and revealed an entrance into a deep, vast cave system that ran beneath the surface of the planet. She found it a bit scary. If one went too deep they could become hopelessly lost. "Piece of cake." Darin boasted. "Well done." Luke told them all as he headed inside and all the students were stunned at this hidden temple they never could have suspected was here. Tall, carved frozen walls made out of a material that could not be distinguished easily and two statues on either side of the room of Jedi that held their sabers before them in a knightly fashion. Luke came to a halt in the center of the two statues and turned to look at his students. "This will be no easy task." "We can handle it, Master Luke." Nileeta insisted. Luke smiled and raised a hand towards the ceiling where a light seemed to emit from some unknown source. He turned a very large reflective mirror which shined directly behind him and melted a large sheet of thick ice behind him. He held a hand out towards the doorway. "You must descend into the catacombs of the Crystal Caves without me to find your kyber crystal which will become the heart of your lightsaber. A symbol of your position. Once you've earned it." "But, Master Luke how will we know which is ours?" A student asked. "You will just know. The crystal will be attuned to you through the Force and will become an extension of your Force awareness." Luke responded. "Well let's go then!" Another student jumped the gun and Luke held a hand up to halt him from running straight in. "Ahh. Not so fast. I know you are eager to complete your rite of passage, but you must know something else. You all have a limited period of time for your search... the entrance to the caves will freeze shut with the setting of the planet's sun. If you do not find your crystal before the sun sets... you will be trapped." Several students gave unsure glances and made a few whispered comments among one another, before Ben stepped forward. Rey gave him a concerned look. She didn't like the thought of him being trapped in there if he didn't make it out in time. "We had better hurry then." "May the Force be with you." Luke responded with a half smile as he stepped aside and watched the students head into the caves on their own. Their first steps towards become a Jedi. Finally the Jedi would return. A new age. "Master Luke... what if they take too long?" Rey questioned as she glanced up at her master, but he merely smiled and took her small hand in his. "It's alright, Rey. I believe in them." "What is it like inside?" "A labyrinth. It's a test of character if you will... tailored to each individuals fears. They must learn to overcome them if they wish to succeed." "But... what if Ben is too scared and he can't get out?" "Rey..." Luke took a knee and met the young girls eyes. Though he should not tell her as she would one day have to take this test, he would consider it a lesson instead. "It was a deception meant to further challenge them. The wall is only frozen water. You simply must have the willpower to push on even if it seems impossible. There is always a way out." She recalled the agonizing, seemingly hours of waiting and she was curious of what he had faced inside the caves. What were his deepest fears? She pressed a bit further, felt the tinge of pain as he resisted to a degree and then nothing as he gave in to her power and let her into his journey. The students had come to a series of tunnels and not a single one of them knew which way they should go. The pressure was on as they knew they did not have time to stand here and argue about which way they should go. "We need to split up." Darin stated, taking charge of the group. Everyone muttered agreement and grabbed a partner. Everyone except Ben. The class numbers had been uneven. "But... the numbers..." Nileeta said softly as she glanced at Ben. She had always been kind and sympathetic, but... never put those kind qualities into action due to fear of ridicule. "It's fine. I'm used to being alone." Ben responded, glancing down one tunnel that he was certain he needed to follow. "Just go." "Ben does it Solo." One of the other students snipped in amusement. He shot a sharp glare at the other that made him shut his mouth immediately. Without another moment spared to these fools he hurried off down the tunnel and far away from the rest of them. He could do this on his own. He didn't need anyone else. They could all get trapped in here for all he cared. This long path continued for the longest time. It was quiet and lonely, but he had lived through this most of his life. The silent, lonely moments. It was nothing he could not handle. But then he came to a stop when the tunnel ended and led into a larger area with a gaped bridge. There was something there on the other side, but he wasn't sure how he was going to reach it. That distant glow called to him. Spoke to him. It had to be the crystal he was looking for, but... this bridge of ice was dangerous. One wrong move and he would be sent to the bottom. A fall like that wasn't one he could survive. What could he do though? Give up and return to Luke a failure? In front of all the others become a failure just as they all expected? Or was he going to make his way across and fall and prove their point that way? It seemed either way he was in trouble. After weighing his options he took a deep breath and started forward. There was no way he was going to give up. He put one foot in front of the other, carefully. Then again repeated the process, bring his arms out on either side of him to try and balance himself as best he could. It was slippery, dangerous. He could fall at any moment. The ice could give away. He had to force himself not to look down. One more step and he was half way there. But the next step the ice broke beneath his foot and he gasped, flailing his arms as he tried to regain balance. He inadvertently glanced down and felt a wave of nausea in his stomach as he realize just how far it was and he felt a horrid sense of vertigo. He quickly brought his foot down past the broken piece and onto another to try and spread himself out more. Luckily this piece did not break and he gained a semi-balance. He had just come so close to falling and proving to everyone just what a failure he was. That was something he just couldn't accept. Taking a breath he quickly started forward again and focused on the task ahead of him and then he heard a loud crack and he pushed himself quickly and jumped onto the solid patch of hard ice before him just as the bridge broke behind him and fell into the jagged ice below him. The pounding in his heart and head grounded him for several long moments before he finally glanced up and took in the sight of a faint flow in the misty stone alter before him. He lifted himself up on shaky arms and back to his feet. With a glance behind him he confirmed he would not be going back that way. There was a sudden rasp, a hiss that drew his attention. Rhythmic. As if there were some beast lurking in the shadows and breathing deeply. It was all too familiar to him. He narrowed his eyes to try and see, but it proved fruitless and he moved closer towards the stone alter where the glow emitted itself from. The mist swirled around his feet with each step he took and the rasping grew louder the closer he got. "What are you?" He beseeched the darkness, but there was no answer there for him. Instead he scowled and grabbed reached his hand towards the alter to grab the crystal, but a sudden flash of red startled him and he stumbled back and landed hard into the ground just narrowly avoiding the screeching red saber blade. A man stood there before him in all black. That man from those nightmares that he awoke from screaming. The rasping hiss drew closer and he quickly scrambled backwards until he reached the edge of the drop off and there was nowhere else to go. "No! NO! Stay away from me!" He brought up his arm as his only means of defense and used a force push to shove the creature back. It only saved him by a few inches. He quickly rolled to the other side and behind the monster while it was stunned. It turned towards him once it recovered and relentlessly came towards him "What are you!? What do you want from me!?" "I am you..." A raps and a hiss emitted from the shadow. "I want you to embrace yourself. Embrace me, Ben. I will make it all go away. All your fears and anxieties." "No..." He shook his head and backed up even more until his back hit the stone alter behind him and he was left with nowhere to go as the black mass closed in on him. He closed his eyes and forced himself to control his breathing and focus. "There is no emotion, there is peace." "Peace is a lie, there is only passion." The creature contradicted. "There is no ignorance, there is knowledge." "Through passion, I gain strength." "There is no passion, there is serenity." He continued, closing his eyes more tightly to block out the monster before him. "Through strength, I gain power." The creature insisted. "There is no chaos, there is harmony." "Through power, I gain victory. Through victory, my chains are broken. The Force shall free me." The creature because more insistent as Ben struggled to hold onto the Jedi code. "There is no death, there is The Force." Ben inhaled and quickly shoved hard with the force and then turned and reached up for the crystal on the alter and snatched it up as he leapt over the other side of the alter and pressed his back it. There was silence on the other side and he carefully glanced over the top of the stone and found there was nothing there. What was it? A trick of the cave perhaps? Something more sinister? For now it did not matter. It was gone. He glanced down at his hand and opened his palm to look at the crystal that he held. At first it was colorless, but the color slowly started to bleed into it and he tilted his head to the side curiously. He had never quite seen this color before. With one more glance towards where the creature had been he decided he needed to hurry. He could not be trapped in here with that thing. He hurried off down the path behind the alter to try and relink back to the main pathway so that he could get out of here. It seemed like it took too long and time was going slower than it really was, but finally, finally he recognized the main path and hurried towards it, but something came into his view, slammed hard into his nose and he was stumbling backwards until he slipped over the edge and felt himself falling and land with a hard thud on the cold ground. It took several moments reeling from the shock to glance up and figure out what had happened. He looked up to find Darin standing there looking down at him with his partner at his side. "You... dirty womp rat!" Ben shouted, snarling like a wounded beast caught in a snare. "Sorry, Ben. This is the best for everyone. You're too dangerous to let live. Everyone knows it. Even Master Luke knows it. The class will do better without you. We won't be held back anymore, because Luke has to fear what you will do." Darin stated. "You can't leave me down here!" He quickly glanced around and found no way out... and that thing. That thing was in here with him. He just knew it. He felt it. It was creeping down his spine. "Get me out! Don't leave me in here with it!" "We heard you talking to yourself. You've gone mad. Just stay here and rot. Make it easier on that girl too." Darin backed up slowly and disappeared, leaving him completely alone. "Darin! Darin!" He choked as he felt the dark tendrils wrap around him, cling onto him and crawl over his skin. "Do you see, Ben? Do you see why you must embrace me? I am the only one who truly wants you. They have abandoned you. Betrayed you. Just as I was abandoned and betrayed by those I loved most." The hissing, rasping voice insisted. "Join me, Ben. Embrace the darkness. It will save you from this pit." It wasn't long before absolute fear took over and everything faded into a dark and suffocating, inky black. Outside Luke awaited his students with a frown upon his face. He had sensed a great disturbance in The Force moments ago and now again. The students had mostly returned and when the final two arrived without Ben he narrowed his eyes at them. Those looks on their faces... they were looks of deceit. "Where is Ben?" He asked sternly. Darin met Luke's eyes with a lie already prepared, but his partner gave him away by casting his eyes down in shame. "What have you done...? What have you done?!" Every student was shocked by the tone that Luke took as they had never heard their Master raise his voice before. He had always been well mannered and calm, but now he was outraged. "Master Luke..." Rey grabbed him by the sleeve and pointed towards the door as it froze over solid. Darin had a particular smile on his face as he watched the door freeze over to seal Ben's fate. Luke did nothing and instead kept his gaze locked upon the icy door that his nephew was sealed behind. The seconds ticked by as all the students watched with nervous eyes. All seemed lost and hopeless. The seconds turned into minutes and Luke prepared himself to go in if he must, but then there was a loud snap. A crack. The ice shattered and a shadow stepped through the foggy, broken ice. Luke let out a sigh of relief and started to approach his nephew and Rey hurried towards him as well, but he sensed something and quickly grabbed Rey and held her at his side. "Rey." Luke said sternly. "What...?" Rey was confused as to why Luke had stopped her. The air was thick with the crackling energy of a Sith. Luke had only ever experienced this once and that was when he faced down the Emperor. He was close enough now to see Ben for what he was in this moment. The darkness inside of him, the darkness that had always been there... the darkness that they had all feared had come out. It was Ben's eyes that gave him away. That sickly yellow, bordered by red flicked towards him and sent an uneasy chill down Luke's spine. Those were the eyes of a man consumed with hatred and rage. Those were the eyes of a Sith. Ben slowly took one step down the stairs, then another, but uneven as if he were groggy from sleep in the early hours of the morning. "Ben..." Luke began as calmly as he could, but Ben raised a hand and force pushed Luke back into one of the Jedi statues and then suddenly he reached out with the force and Darin grabbed at his throat, choking and gasping for air. "Do you feel it? The fear? The terror?" Ben snarled in a deep and low tone, eyes locked on Darin's as he tightened his force hold around the other young man's throat. "It's so powerful... had I only realized it sooner..." Luke glanced between the two and debated it. How could he save them both? How could he stop this? He realized that he could not save them both and that Ben had already slipped into the darkness. With that thought in mind Luke ignited his saber. The whoosh of Luke's saber drew Rey's attention and she quickly glanced between the three in the stand off. What was he going to do? He wouldn't... kill Ben would he? But she saw that scary expression in his eyes too. He wasn't acting like Ben. She quickly got in between them before Luke could take action against him. "Ben!" She slammed into his side and clutched onto his robes and it was like a cord snapped and the force hold on Darin released and the coloring in Ben's eyes faded as he glanced down in surprise. "Rey?" He didn't recall where he was or how he had even gotten here, but why was everyone staring at him this way and... the wet seeping into his side... Rey was crying? And then his uncle... what was he doing? "What happened?" "You don't remember?" Luke asked carefully, hitting the kill switch on his saber and putting it away as he took a step closer to inspect his nephew closer. "Remember what?" Ben asked, but then he came to a conclusion. "You... saw it to? Was it here? That thing in the caves?" "Thing?" "Yes... the... shadow... it..." He wasn't sure how to explain and Luke held a hand up. "A shadow?" Luke was still cautious about his approach. Yes. He had lied to Ben, but he could not tell the truth and he quickly turned back to his students. "That must be it. It was a shadow... wasn't it?" "Y-yes Master Luke..." One boy said shakily as he eyed Ben in fear. "I think we should leave here now. We must have a meeting about this when we return. There has been a great disturbance in The Force." Luke stated and hurried his students out of the caves and back onto the ship. Over the next few days Rey kept her eye on Ben, watched his face and his eyes. She was afraid that the soft hazel may take on that terrible yellow/red color again, but they never did and she knew he was growing more and more frustrated because he was aware that there was something they were not telling him. Even Luke had taken to watching him from a distance from that point on. Luke had forced the students to swear they would never tell Ben for everyone's well being and Ben was forced to go on wondering how he had gotten out of the caves after becoming trapped in such a place. She wanted to tell him what happened, but if she did she was worried that he might turn into that again. Through all this Ben did would he could to distract himself from his growing frustrations about his situation and about the expectation heaved upon him. All he could focus on was constructing his saber and he did so with the utmost care. It was crafted from the bottom of his heart. An extension of his soul. The hilt of his saber was finally complete and now he placed the crystal into the center and sealed it up. Now was the moment of truth. Ben carefully and slowly stood up then held the saber out and hit the activator switch. The second the switch went on the entire saber exploded in a reddish orange, but not the way it was meant to. The power was too much, too overwhelming and the entire blade blew up on him and Ben cried out in pain as he dropped the blade and dropped to his knees to grab his arm. "Ben!" Luke called out and hurried towards him only to skid to a stop and take his nephew in his arms. "Let me see. Let me see it." From her position Rey couldn't see the damage done, but she knew that it could be nothing good. She was frozen in place, unable to move as she was too afraid of what she would see if she did get closer. Ben dropped his arm to his side and she watched as Luke reached for it and held it up to inspect it and then Luke gripped a shard of shrapnel that had gone all the way through and pulled it from Ben's hand with a quick jerk. "I... did it wrong...?" Ben asked softly, the disappointment and defeat was clear in his voice. "No. Ben. No. You did nothing wrong." Luke assured him and grabbed his face and tilted it up to search for further damage. "Come... you need medical attention. I will have a healer assist you." "Can I come?!" Rey questioned. "No, Rey. You must finish your meditation." Luke responded and urged Ben to come along with him, grabbing the charred and broken saber along the way. Rey pouted with disappointment that she was not allowed to be with him, but she knew that Luke told her that for a good reason. She did her best to focus on her meditation as he'd asked, but her thoughts were being sidetracked and she found that she could not find her peaceful state of mind. She decided to break the rules and quickly got up and returned to the temple to search for Ben and make sure he was alright. It didn't take long to find out where he was if the loud crashes from his room were any hint. She approached the door and carefully opened it to find his room in disarray. There was not a single thing in his room unturned, except the bed, but only because this was bolted down. "Ben?" She stayed out of his way as she drew his attention, not because she was afraid, but rather because she wanted to stay out of the way of he lost his temper again and threw something. "Are you okay?" "NO! Everything I do blows up in my face!" He shouted as he kicked the fallen chair across the room into the wall to effectively destroy the object beyond repair. He buried his face in his hand and dropped down to sit on the bed with a groan of despair. "Everyone expects me to fail." "Not everyone. I believe in you." Rey said quietly and watched as he slowly lowered his hands and glanced at her. No yellow hatred. Just hazel. He was still Ben. "You always believe in me... don't you?" He sighed quietly and glanced towards the broken saber among the mess in the room. "You should be meditating. Master Luke insisted." "I was worried about you." "Don't be." He patted the spot beside him. "Continue where you left off. I have work to do." With those words he began to clean up the mess that he had made as she found a comfortable spot on his bed to resume her meditation. It wasn't exactly easy, because every now and then she'd hear a small crash and a muttered curse under his breath, but she was the one that had come here and she would have to focus through it. Still it was worth it to be near him. There was another faint crash and another mumbled curse and she could barely contain her giggles of amusement. Ben wasn't Ben without his hair-trigger temper. "Ben... were you scared...? When you got trapped with the scary monster?" "...no.." He answered slowly. "I'm not afraid of anything." Liar. She peeked an eye open and found he'd made some space and was trying to put his saber together again. The hilt was really done in. It was once a fine silver, but now it was a charred black and a few pieces were missing. She was glad that he had not given up and was trying again. "How will you fix it?" "I don't know yet..." He pressed his lips together in a thin line and took a moment to consider it. "...if I... could... lessen the pressure..." He glanced around the room and grabbed his tools and then quickly gathered a few select things and worked quickly to see if this idea was going to work. Rey tilted her head to the side as she watched him break into the sides. "What are you doing?" "I'm going to reroute the excess power so it will be vented out the sides instead of in my face." He made a few more adjustments to it and then made his way over to the door and outside. Rey jumped up and followed him to see if his idea was going to work. She really hoped that this would work out for him. Ben had already had too many bad things happen to him lately. He needed something good. "Be careful..." "Here goes nothing. Stay back." He held the saber out a good distance away from himself and turned his face away as he flipped the activation switch and the orange/red blade screeched to life and moments later the vents hissed as well to successfully balance itself out. He quickly glanced towards the blade and took in the sight. He had finally done it. He had made his own blade. It worked. Though it was not the most elegant blade, with it's unstable, serrated appearance and crossguard-like design it was still his. "You did it Ben! I knew you could!" She smiled towards him and watched as a weight was lifted off his shoulders now that he had finally taken his final step towards becoming a jedi. Soon he would be able to join the others in the ceremony and it would be official. "I did it." There in front of the temple he saw Luke speaking with Lor San Tekka and the both of them were eyeing him from their perch upon the top of the steps where they could oversee all of the training grounds. The both of them were watching him and he expectantly glanced up to Luke with a half smile upon his face. He had finally accomplished his goal. His uncle would finally be proud of him then wouldn't he? But that smile soon faded as he realized the look on Luke's face was not one of pride. It was one of fear. He lowered the saber and switched it off, expression growing more and more dejected by the minute. Rey frowned when she realized the hurt Ben had experienced. It wasn't fair. It wasn't fair to be afraid of him for something he hadn't done. She knew what they were worried about. She had overheard Lor San Tekka and Luke talking after the incident about the fear of Ben becoming an evil man like the Sith Darth Vader. She was torn from her thoughts when that troublesome gang of students passed by her. This young man was the one that so often made fun of Ben. She did not particularly like him and he showed his disdain for her with a sneer as he shoved her aside out of his way, but he shoved just a bit too hard and Rey lost her balance... ...and she was falling until the rocky wall that boarded the lake slipped out from under her and she hit the water behind her with a loud splash. Rey found that no matter how she tried she could not bring herself back to the surface. "Rey?!" Ben called out, waiting for her to come back up, but there was nothing and just as Luke burst into a sprint from his high up position Ben dropped everything and dove in after her. Not a second thought. No hesitation. He reached out through the water and grabbed her by the arm to pull her towards him and back up to the surface for air. There above him Luke had arrived and held his hand out to help his nephew up out of the water with Rey. Luke then removed his cloak and draped it over Rey to dry her off and keep her warm. "Are you two alright?" Luke asked with concern, but he didn't get very far because the moment Ben knew Rey was safe and he regained his senses he shot a glare at Darin. There was that hatred again. That yellow rage that colored his eyes. That little whisper in the back of his mind that told him to kill this defiant whelp. He ignited his saber with a harsh screech to destroy his enemy. "Ben NO!" It didn't stop him and Darin stumbled back and quickly reached for his own saber to ignite the green glow just before the crackling red stuck him. The blades crackled as they met and Ben hit hard, relentlessly. Darin was put on the defense rather quickly. Every step Ben took was an attack. His only focus was beating Darin into submission. Rey glanced up at Luke as he made to step in, but Lor San Tekka held a hand up to stop him. They had to let this play out. There was no stopping it. Not unless one's life hit the point of being in danger. She hoped they knew what they were doing. "Form five, Luke? He takes after you." San Tekka deducted. "Me? Or him?" Luke questioned with concern. "Master Luke..." Rey cut in, clutching Luke's cloak tightly. "Ben isn't bad." "No. Not inherently, but he has the blood of a Skywalker and as such he is a focal point between light and dark; because of this something is seeking him out. It's here now with us. Do you sense it?" Tekka glanced at Rey as she tried to focus on the force around them. Yes. It was there. Something else was here with them. "I should stop him." Luke insisted as he saw his student was in a losing battle. Darin could only hold out so long against pure, unbridled rage. "No. He must be allowed to release it." Tekka quickly held an arm out to stop Luke once more. "If you force him to bottle his rage you will lose him." "Rage and anger are not the Jedi way." "Which is why he must deal with it now and learn to put it behind him, Luke. I know what you fear, but do not put that weight upon his shoulders." The fight didn't last much longer as Ben's strong and powerful strike knocked Darin's lightsaber from his hands and across the ground, leaving dark burn marks in it's path as it went. "Enough, Ben!" Luke called out once more, reaching out with the force and halting Ben's saber when it came within inches of his student's face. Ben shot him a rage filled glance, that awful coat of yellow and red still upon them. Through her years with him Rey had never been afraid of him, but in this moment Rey was terrified of what he was becoming. He was becoming callous, but this monster that was here... he couldn't be this monster. The light was inside of him. She had witnessed it so many times in the small kind acts that he committed when he thought nobody was looking. When his eyes met hers she found that she didn't recognize him, but when he saw the fear there his expression changed and he glanced from her, to Luke and then to a cowering opponent before him. The color faded and this time he didn't ask what he had done. He already knew. He deactivated the saber and Luke released him from the hold. "We need to talk... alone." Luke added that final word when he noticed the students had gathered as an audience. It was not something he needed right this moment and so he waved a hand for Ben to follow him and Tekka went along as well leaving Rey by herself. "He's mad." Darin stated with exasperation while his companions helped him up. "I hope that Master Luke exiles him from the academy." Rey pressed her lips together in a thin line and quickly ran after them. She knew she would get in trouble if she was caught, but she needed to know if Ben was going to be forced to leave or not. It was a terrifying thought to think he might be exiled and she would never see him again. She hurried up the steps of the temple and past the entrance doors to where she saw the temple's council room door, half cracked open with a light shinning through it and the occasional pass of a shadow. She moved closer and glanced into the room as discreetly as she could. "You could have killed your fellow padawan." Luke scolded him. "And he would have deserved it." Ben snapped back, all that had been bottled up and pent inside of him was spilling out. "We do not kill our fellow force users, Ben! This has to stop. You two have always had problems. It's my fault. I realize it. Because you are my nephew, but the arguing and the fist fights and now this?" Then Luke pointed to Ben's lightsaber. "Your blade... it reeks of Sith. Do you realize that? You leave me no choice. I must exclude you from becoming a Jedi until you have learned to control yourself." "Uncle!" The words stung -they hurt- but he defensively put forth anger. "I've done everything you've asked of me! I have been forced to work so much harder because I was your nephew... just so I could pass all of my tests without it seeming as though you've favored me for being family!" "I know. It isn't fair. But you are learning towards a dark path. Your anger. You must let it go. I know you feel abandoned by your parents. I know you hurt-" "How would you know!? Your uncle and aunt were there for you until the end! Mother... she's always there... in the senate... and the pathetic excuse for a man you call my father... runs away whenever it gets hard...!" His teeth clicked together hard and his voice broke despite himself. "Uncle... please... this is all I have left... don't take it from me..." "I'm sorry, Ben." Luke stood up from his sitting position on the floor. "You will be excluded from the ceremony." A harsh rumble of thunder rolled across the sky and Rey inhaled sharply and Lor San Tekka raised a brow and glanced directly at her, but he did not say a word or give her away. Instead he looked back to Ben. "You may return with me to Jakku. I could help you to control your tem-" Tekka didn't get a chance to finish as Ben turned abruptly and slammed the doors open to storm out of the room without a moment's hesitation. Rey gasped and took a step back. The pain and anger rolled off of him in waves. You did not have to be a force user to be able to tell. "Wait! Ben!" She called out to him and for a moment thought he may not stop, but after a short hesitation he did stop. Though he didn't dare turn and face her. "If they want to see a monster so badly... I'll show them one..." His tone was so strange. So far away from himself that he easily continued forward without a look back, right out into the storm outside the safety of the temple. Those words terrified her. Nothing had ever scared her so badly in her life, because she knew exactly what it meant. It meant that she was going to lose him forever and not knowing what else to do she quickly ran back to the council room to find Luke. "Master Luke! Ben is leaving!" She hurriedly spat the words out and Luke blinked in surprise, but then he felt something. A strong disturbance in The Force. It was stronger then anything he had ever felt before. "We must find him." Lor San Tekka stated as he forced himself up from his sitting place and to his feet. "Rey, stay here." Luke told her and both the men rushed from the room to try and stop Ben before it was too late. "We will find him. He could not have gone far." Once again Rey waited until they left her alone and she made the decision to disobey orders and made off to search for him as well. She could not let him be alone. Not now. He needed her more then he had ever needed her. The storm outside was raging. It was angry. It was dangerous, but she dared to venture out into it despite that. Luke and San Tekka both boarded a ship for a better view of their surroundings and took off in a rush to search from the air. But she had a few better ideas of where he might have gone. She knew the places that he would hide when he was hurting. It was hard to see through the rain but she made her way to the training yard. He was not here. She searched near the lake as well, but her search still came up empty. She also went to where their favorite reading spot was underneath the cherry blossom trees, but he was also not here and the blossoms had all been blown away in the wind until not a single one remained. They had all scattered. Perhaps he wanted to get away from the academy altogether. She could hardly blame him. If that were the case then the forest was all that remained. So that was where she set out to search next and before she knew it she had been searching for hours until she was frozen cold down to the very bone from the freezing rain that poured down and blew in to soak her from head to toe. "Ben!" She called out over the wind and rain in hopes that maybe he would hear her and come back. Rey dropped down beneath a tree and although it was not much cover it would have to do. Where had he gone? This memory only went on. Rey wanted to know more and so she pressed deeper into his mind, away from the memories he took from her. Instead she searched his own memories of that night... and the hurt and pain was overwhelming. He had made his way far from the academy. Deep into the darkness of the forest. There was a voice that called to him... that spoke to him. It drew him in. He had been cast out of the light and so he made the choice to embrace the darkness. It was all that was left for him. That same shadow from before appeared before his eyes and he halted mid step. This time he wasn't afraid. "I told you in the caves that he would betray you, but you refused to believe me. You continued to put your faith in your uncle and look where it has gotten you. It is I and I alone that you can trust." "You were right." Ben admitted dejectedly. "Of course I was." The shadow slowly made it's way closer and held out his arms to either side of him and several men stepped out. "I knew it would come and so I brought you a gift for when you would join me. Aren't you glad that I have such foresight?" "What would you have me do?" "Ben Solo is weak. Kill him." It commanded. "Kill him and those weak fools that tormented you. Take these knights. I prepared them for this moment. For you. To make you a king among men." "Who... are you?" He asked, taking a step forward and reaching out, but his hand waved through the shadow as if it were a thick fog. "You... are you him? You... you're my grandfather...? This... is it my destiny?" "This... is your destiny." The shadow responded as it dissipated. The knights all took a knee before him and bowed their heads. It was a rush of authority and power like none he had ever felt before. These men had been given to him to command and do with as he pleased with complete trust in his ability. "I won't fail you... grandfather..." One of the knights stepped forward and held out a black, metal helmet and uniform towards him. Ben reached out and took it in his hands. "I'll finish... what you started..." "We are ready to serve." "We will not waste time then." He removed his saber from his belt. Kill Ben Solo. It was the command he had been given... and so he did. He ignited his blade, grabbed the braid that signified his position as padawan and with the edge of his saber cut it clean off. The burned hair brought across a smell that was a mock version of burning flesh, unpleasant and sickening. Without wasting time he draped the cowl over his shoulders and brought the compliant knights along with him into the academy and not a single person suspected a thing. Fools. Luke's presence was nowhere to be found within, but there was one person's presence that was. He stormed forward into the temple and there was Darin with his companions. Those tormenting brats. "Ben Solo... you've come back?" Darin scoffed. He merely smirked and ignited the unstable saber and slashed his enemy across the chest, he hadn't even had the time to draw his blade, but now his enemy realized the serious danger he was in. He quickly grabbed his own saber and the two engaged in battle. Darin's friends grabbed their own blades and made to jump in, but the knights burst in through the doors and the students didn't stand a chance. The slaughter began. Though Darin had been trained by Luke and put up a semi decent fight, he was no match for him and he struck him down with a final blow and warm blood splattered across his face. It was warm, thick and a nauseating smell of copper. Not at all what he ever would have imagined it to be like. He turned around with a low exhale and cut down one of Darin's comrades as they came towards him with a single blow and more blood hit his face and his humanity slowly became stained with red. Another student dared to try and come at him and he cut them down with just as much ease. They were all so weak. None of these people were more worthy than he was to become a Jedi. As he passed through the area and stepped over the bodies he caught his own reflection in the mirror. The thought that struck him interrupted his killing spree and he turned around to glance towards the hallway where the living quarters were located. Rey. She did not need to be a witness to such a horrible scene. With a sleeve he wiped the blood from his face and hurried down the hallway while deactivating his lightsaber. He went straight to her room and slid the door open, but she was not here. The room was empty and a sense of panic spread through him. "Rey?" It seemed calling her name out was useless. The knights were killing everyone, he realized with dread. He had to find Rey first. Glancing over he spotted the rebel pilot daughter that had come from Rey's parents and he snatched it up. It was not something to be left here. "Milord." A knight came through the door equally covered in blood. "Shall we raze it?" "Yes." There was no hesitation in the answer. He wanted to see this place burn. He wanted all of it to go down in flames and seeing as he did not sense Rey here in this building it was safe to do so. Focusing in on the disrupted force around them he searched for her energy and the moment he locked onto it he hurried out into the pouring rain again to find her and take her where she would be safe away from the horrors she would see here should she choose now to return. But Rey had not moved from her spot. She stayed where she was, worrying, fearful that Ben was gone for good. She only glanced up with she heard the faint crack of a branch under foot and there she found a shadow before her. "Ben?" She stood up and made her way closer to his from. "It's too dark. Where are you?" "Stay there." He insisted, but then he glanced off to the side and Rey could see where he was looking was nothing more than a bright orange glow that showed through the forest and the darkness the storm cast over them. "But..." "Rey... stay here..." He turned around then and started to head back. "I'll come back for you. Just... don't leave this spot." There was more silence after that and Rey awaited another sound from him, but it never came and so once again she found herself not listening and she ran towards the orange glow in the distance in attempts to find him. It was hopelessly dark elsewhere so she could not go any other way but forward. Once she broke through the forest she let out a startled gasp. The academy was on fire and the smell that came from it was awful. She searched for Ben, but he was no where in sight. Except there was a man that seemed to notice her and he turned towards her as quick as lightning. He raised his weapon towards her and Rey stumbled back. She was defenseless. She had no lightsaber to even try and fight back with. But a loud screech pierced the air and the man cried out as a red, serrated blade impaled him and he crumbled to the ground in an instant. Rey was startled at the sight of the creature in the mask that stood before her. Why did he have Ben's blade? Had he killed him? She didn't have much time to consider it as the monster reached forward and her consciousness left her. There were no dreams in this sort of darkness. There was nothing. Not until the light started to come back to her and Rey slowly awoke with the shudder of a ship. For just a moment she thought all of it had been a dream, but then she recognized the familiar arms that held her close as she woke. "Ben...?" She glanced up at his face and found none of the familiar warmth she was used to, but rather a cold and calculated look... and this shroud of darkness that he wore. This uniform... it seemed similar to those bad guys. But Ben wasn't a bad guy. Maybe he stole it to disguise himself so he could escape? "Shh. It's alright now." "Where are we?" "Somewhere far away." The ship's doors hissed open and the ramp lowered to expose the interior to the rush of heated air of the outside. His expression was so strange. Something was wrong. She wanted to ask, but for some reason she was unable to. He reached into the uniform and pulled out the doll from her parents and she carefully took it from him. "You saved him." She said softly, but he still said nothing. "What's wrong, Ben? Is Master Luke, okay?" "He's alive." "That's good. We're going to have to fix the academy right?" "It's time to go." He stated and stood up with her to lift her up to sit on his shoulders where he could carry her out. How many times had he carried her like this for fun? He tried to think back to those happier times, but there was nothing happy or fun about this moment. It seemed she did not quite understand the severity of the situation. She was clueless, but it was for the best. She giggled quietly and wrapped her arms around his neck to hold on as he made his way down the ramp onto the desert ground. "You're like a tuantaun, Ben. I can see everything from up here." "Tch." He scoffed and smiled a humorless smile. "I'm a smelly lizard am I?" "Yup." She rested her chin upon the top of his head. His footsteps halted and he glanced down at the ground. He was not going to be able to see her again after this. These were his final moments with her. It was not an ideal planet, but it was the safest one he could think of. It seemed his stop startled her. "What's wrong?" These were his last moments. After this Ben Solo was dead. He would make the most of it. He reached up and held her so she wouldn't fall and took a quick step forward. "I'm a tuantuan in the desert... that's what's wrong! I'm not meant for the desert." He purposely stumbled around in a half sprint. "Why would you bring a tuantuan into the desert Rey?!" "Ben!" Her laughter drew the attention of a few market dwellers in the distance, but otherwise they went on about their business and did not focus on the going ons in the junkyard. "I didn't bring you here!" "Nuuuhh. I'm a tuantaun I can't fly a shuttle. Are you crazy?" He slowed down as he got closer to the market place and there was a fat grub looking man waiting there. That must be the man he spoke with. "Rey... you have to stay here." "What? Why do I have to stay here?" She asked suddenly. "What about you?" He reached up and brought her down from his shoulders to set her down on the ground where he kneeled in front of her. "You won't remember me." He responded and reached up to brush some of her hair back behind her ear. "You won't remember anything." "What?" Now Rey was becoming concerned. "Is this about that bad guy? But you and Luke and the others beat them all up right?!" "No..." With his hand still near her temple he focused the force there. "I love you very much, Rey. That's why I want to give you a chance to live. Happy. It's better this way." "No! Don't!" Rey protested, but it was too late. She already felt her memories being taken away and tears sprung to her eyes. Everything disappeared. Her memories were all rerouted, blocked and replaced by something else. The academy, the students, Luke... and Ben... replaced by two smiling parents promising they would come back for her and all that she had to do was stay here. And that was that. With a quivering chin he quickly stood up and headed back towards the ship, faintly hearing her cries for him to come back. That fat grub holding her and telling her to be quiet, but he didn't dare look back. He couldn't. He would risk her life if he did. He did not dare turn back to risk breaking his resolve to leave her where she was safe. What was left of his heart was shattered and he brought his sleeve up to wipe the water that brimmed over and spilled from his eyes. No. He put it all away as he boarded the ship and the door closed and sealed with a resounding hiss. Rey gasped loudly, took a large step back and she was falling... falling out of this place, tumbling back through the shards of memories, tumbling and falling back out of the past and back into the present. And. She. Knew. Everything . Chapter 4 : Temptation The gathering of her memories had taken a lot out of the both of them. At first she couldn't believe any of it. She didn't want to believe any of it, but the truth of it was undeniable. And once she realized it... once she processed it... took it all in... she was furious when she realized just what he had done. They had so much and he ruined it all, but in the end everything that he had done had only served to hurt him the most. Though she considered destroying him here and now... she also realized that there was no need to punish him. He was already suffering for it. "You had no right." She breathed with an underlying fury. Though she might have known him all those years ago she didn't recognize this person before her now. "I only gave you what you asked for." He lifted his head and met her eyes for as long as he could stand it, before the shame from her accusing glare turned him away more effectively than words ever could. "And it's only confused me more not less!" Though all this anger was on the surface she felt that she was torn because underneath all of it he was still Ben. He was still that person she had grown up with and there was that little part of her that wanted to hold him again, but he was her enemy now. "You left me in that place... I could have just as easily died there." "But you are alive. I am willing to commit evil if it means bringing down a worse evil in the process-" "The ends justify the means?" Rey could hardly believe the way that he was looking at things. How could he have become so blinded? "A victory achieved through immoral means is not a victory at all." "Look at all the chaos around us. The murders. The violence. The corrupt politics. The wars. The galaxy needs order!" "This isn't order it's fear!" "What would you have us do?! If they do not fear us there will be lawlessness. Lawlessness will lead to even more chaos. The ends... do justify the means." "You're wrong!" "Enough of this! Listen to me! Snoke would have you destroyed if you go against us. Join me instead. Be by my side. Your power could help bring Order to the galaxy. We could end the chaos once and for all." His voice took on a pleading tone. "I could be your teacher and together we could-" "Rule the galaxy?" Luke's voice cut in through their argument and Ben shot him a sharp glare at daring to interrupt and try to foil his plans. "I'm familiar with the speech." "Luke..." Rey met his eyes and took in his face for the first time since she recovered her memories. "Do you remember, Rey?" He asked and as she nodded and smiled sadly. "I'm sorry. I failed you both, but now we must not dwell on the past at this moment. We need to leave immediately. Please go inform Chewie to get the Falcon ready for take off." She glanced between the two for a moment, but she was happy for the distance she would be able to put between the two of them. She needed time to think. She glanced over her shoulder as she left to notice that Luke had tossed some robes into Ben's lap with an expression that clearly said 'we can do this the easy way or the hard way'. The Falcon was there waiting for her still and Chewie had not come out so that must mean that the big guy was asleep or resting. He was having a hard time after what happened with Han. She did not blame him if he wanted nothing more then to sleep for a few days to recover and mourn. She made her way up the ramp and glanced around inside. Artoo made a faint beep to acknowledge her presence and she offered the droid a weary smile in response. "Chewie?" The Wookie appeared from behind a corner with a low roar of acknowledgement to her calls. "Luke said to fire up the Falcon. We need to leave. The First Order knows we're here and they'll be coming soon." Chewie made another sound and headed straight to the pilot's seat to get things sorted so that they could leave without any trouble and Rey decided to head back and make sure that Luke was alright. After all Ben was there enemy and he was unpredictably dangerous. With that thought in mind she hurried straight to the hut, but when she arrived she found they were both fine and that Ben was successfully redressed in a Jedi's robes. He looked... more like Ben. Had Luke done that on purpose? "I will return you to your mother. You will be her responsibility." Luke paused to inform before he went back to gathering some of his things though he did not have much there were some halotapes he still absolutely needed. "You mean to say I'll be her prisoner." Ben scowled in irritation. "Yes." It seemed Luke was not holding back, but his tone never took on even the faintest hints of anger or outrage towards him even after everything he had done. "Aren't you angry?" Rey asked softly and both of them glanced over at her. "No. As a Jedi I understand that when you are angry you begin to hate. When you hate something you want to make it weaker than you or even destroy it. This hate leads to suffering." Luke then paused and cast a glance over his shoulder. "Isn't that right, Ben?" "The Jedi are weak." Ben stated as his boot scuffed along the ground while he jerked hard at the ropes that kept his wrists tied together. A fruitless attempt at escape. "They are easily slaughtered like cattle. They didn't stand a chance against me. It is clear that the dark side is stronger. It always has been and it always will be... and she will join me once she realizes you can do nothing for her." "Enough, Ben!" Luke responded with exasperation, then suddenly there was a loud boom and the next thing she knew the entire shelter was coming down around them, crumbling into a thick dust that stung her eyes and burned her lungs. "Luke...?" She called through the haze, waiting for some more dust to settle to try and see that had just become of the shelter. It was mostly gone. Suddenly a beam moved aside and Luke dragged himself from the rubble, having used The Force in the last seconds to keep the weight of the hut from crushing them. "They've come! Get to the Falcon!" Without wasting a second he tossed Ben's lightsaber to her and shoved aside some more rubble as well as a few heavy beams to search for Ben. Luke would not leave without him. Rey glanced at the heavy weapon in her hands and then back towards Luke. She couldn't leave them. She clipped the saber to her belt and hurried over the rubble to aid Luke. She knew that Ben wasn't dead or too seriously hurt or she would have felt it. Then Luke reached down to grab something and he pulled hard with all his strength to help Ben out of the rubble. " Idiots ..." He snapped under his breath, referring to his own men that would dare to hit a building that he was inside. Were his own men trying to kill him? Luke shoved him hard and he was inclined to comply for the sake of his own life. Another rocket came down, but this one was lucky enough to miss entirely. This entire island was going to go under if they kept this up. "Go, Rey! Quickly!" Luke insisted as even more rockets hit, leaving Rey reeling with a flash back to Jakku. The First Order really was dangerous with all this fire power. There was dirt flying, dust, rocks and little bits of shrapnel flying through the air making it difficult to navigate back to the Falcon, but they somehow managed and the second they were on the ramp Chewie made lift off. The moment they had moved the spot the Falcon had been docked was hit and obliterated entirely, falling into the raging water below. Luke shoved Ben hard into the seat in the main hold and rushed to the cockpit to help Chewie safely pilot them out of this mess. The First Order ships were locking onto their position to give chase. Artoo let out a loud screeching beep as the ship jolted and quickly rolled across the room to find a safe spot to avoid being damaged by the heavy box that slid into the wall. Rey grabbed onto the wall as the ship jerked hard suddenly to avoid being hit. This was going to be a rough ride. She wished she could do more to help. In that moment she got an odd feeling and glanced towards Ben to notice his eyes were on his lightsaber at her hip. But he wouldn't be that stupid to pull something right now would he? She made to press into his mind to search for his plans, but before she even got past his walls he slipped his wrists from the ropes, having torn skin open he used his own blood as a sort of lubrication and he was up and making a bum rush towards her. She quickly rose her hands to fend him off and the ship lurched again and they both hit the ceiling before coming down hard on the floor. He was that stupid. "Give it to me!" He shouted and reached for his saber, but she grabbed it and held it out away from him before he could mange to get his hands on it. "No! Get off me!" "Give it and I will!" She struggled to keep it away from him with all her might and though she may be stronger then him in regards to the force he certainly did have mass on his side. She found herself completely covered by him and he grabbed her hands to try and pry his weapon from them, but she decided to use the only weapon she had left in return. She sank her teeth into his forearm and he yelped loudly and uttered curses under his breath. "Luke! Help!" With no other option she had to hope that Luke would come to the rescue, because she was in a stalemate with him. "Give it to me!" Another turn of the ship rolled them both into the wall with a dull thunk, but he was still reaching for his saber, trying his best to get it from her hands. She wouldn't give it up and it seemed to become a pointless battle. It was going nowhere. He couldn't manage to get his saber from her hands and she couldn't manage to get him off her. "Luke!" She tried again to request aid, but the ship jolted and rolled and there they were both sliding across the floor again to the opposite side of the room and things were falling off shelves, tumbling down onto them. Something particularly heavy struck him in the back of the head and she winced as she felt his pain, but she was also aware that his strength was fading. He couldn't keep this up much longer. The Falcon evened out and the rush of footsteps brought both of their attention up towards the doorway. Luke came to a sudden halt and stared at them with a grey brow rose significantly above the other. Here they were, Rey with her arms stretched out far above her head trying to keep the lightsaber from his reach and Ben over her and trying to reach said saber. It was something he would expect from two children, not two adults. Luke quickly stepped forward and snatched up the dark saber to end this tug of war battle once and for all. It left Rey with her hands free enough to shove him off of her and scrambled out from underneath of him and Ben knew he lost this round. "You must learn to behave yourself or I will be forced to use a much more harsh form of confinement." Luke threatened as returned the saber to Rey once more. Despite his bloodied and torn wrists Luke had to tie them together again, because he could not trust Ben to not make another attempt. "Please sit down and don't struggle too much. You will only make it worse on yourself." "Us." Rey corrected. "The both of you. I will return shortly. We are to meet Leia on Jakku." The moment Luke said it he sensed an odd sensation through the force. As if a voice somewhere cried out, but Luke shrugged this off and returned to the cockpit to aid Chewie. The silence after was deafening and Ben winced a little as he shifted and pulled at the tightened ropes. He knew he should not have given himself away so soon. It would have been best had he waited and ambushed them later, but he blew his chance because he was so impatient. "Stop. I feel that too." Rey glanced down for a moment as she felt the ever raging storm of emotions that lingered within him. He wanted the pain. He needed it. It was startling to her that someone could want to cause harm to themselves. She knew she had to be careful. Like walking on thin ice... if she did not move cautiously she was going to slip and fall under. "Do you hate yourself that much?" "Is that not something we have in common? I'm the monster you despise." In his answer there was a tinge of rage, but at the same time the underlying sadness of a distant memory... of someone else. "Kylo Ren is a monster, but Ben Solo was my best friend." "Don't..." His tone bordered on pleading and her words made his chest ache in particular way he hadn't felt in a long time. "...you hate me." "I can't. I've decided to forgive you." She had already watched what hate had done to him and she knew she could not put herself on that path. She had to let go of the anger that she did have. She had to forgive him. Not for him, but rather for herself. If she didn't forgive him then she would begin to hate and she knew exactly where that led. He didn't need to ask why. He read her every thought. "Stop!" He snapped as he tugged at the ropes that bound his wrists and met her eyes with a harsh glare that said to back off, but much as he tried to put on a front she knew what was going on inside. He was conflicted... and it was not because of her. She was not the cause, but she was a part of it. "Don't... act as if you're some holy Jedi Knight and preach to me!" She decided it was best to back of from him for now, because she was pressing a nerve and he was reacting badly to it. He was their prisoner. There would be plenty of time to try and delve further into the darkness to see if she could find any traces of Ben Solo left behind. Luke returned a short time later, pleased to find that this time Ben had not made a single attempt to escape. He set a small thermos in front of him, but this did not draw Ben's attention. He was lost in his own mind... and perhaps someone else was in there with him to remind him of his place. "Ben you should eat something. You don't look well." He insisted, but still there was no response. Luke sighed softly. "At least rest. We have a long flight ahead of us." It seemed he had been listening as he stood without a word and made his way down the corridor to the crew quarters. She almost forgot. This was his father's ship and he knew every inch of it, inside and out. "Should we trust him to do as you've asked?" Rey questioned and Luke raised a brow. "You would know better than I." Luke folded his hands together within his sleeves and glanced towards the corridor where Ben disappeared to. "Luke... will I have to kill him?" That was the question that had been digging at her the most and he was the only one that would know the answer. "Yes." "Is there no other way?" Luke sighed and slowly sat down, giving a glance to the chessboard in front of him. How long had it been since he had been here? How long had it been since he had been in her very position? It seemed so long ago and yet at the same time it seemed as if it were only yesterday. "Perhaps." He set his gloved hand upon the chessboard. "I have many things to tell him, but I do not know if he will listen... so I hesitate. Will it push him further over the edge or give him a fighting chance?" "You're afraid you'll make another mistake." She acknowledged and in that moment she truly realized that each and every one of them had something they were afraid of. "Gather your strength for now. You will need it once we arrive. You have a most difficult path ahead of you." Luke stood and made his way to back to the cockpit, trusting that Rey would handle things back here. Rey was aware of how tired she was, but she was also aware these feelings were not her own. It was Ben that was exhausted. He had not spent nearly enough time recovering. It filtered down to her. She would have to find a way to stop this sooner or late. For now she leaned against the couch and felt the darkness of sleep overtake her. "And this here, kiddo is the hyperdrive system. Over there are the sublight engines." The voice of Han Solo was measured and confident as he pointed to a large piece of machinery before them. "It's so cool, dad." Ben glanced up at his father with a smile and Han ruffled his boy's hair with a grin. "I'll be a smuggler like you one day, right?" "Well... I don't know about that." Han crouched next to him. "Your mother would have my head." "But... I want to go on adventures with you and uncle Chewie." Speaking of the devil the Wookie made his way through the doors with a huge crate over his shoulders with a gurgle of sound that Ben only partially understood. "Looks like it's time to go, kid." Han took his hand and led him down the ramp back to the landing pad where C-3PO awaited them. "Dad... I thought you were going to play with me today..." "Not now, Ben. I've got to go to work. Some other time though, alright?" Han waved to him as he stepped onto The Falcon and Ben watched from C-3PO's side as his father disappeared into the ship and took off on another job. Rey jolted awake with a gasp from the dream. It was not hers. That memory did not belong to her. She reached a hand up to her cheek and wiped away the bit of moister that had escaped her eyes from the emotions the dream put her through. It ached. He ached. He regretted. She slowly forced herself onto her feet and then down the corridor to the crew's quarters where she had last saw Ben stalk off to. She wasn't sure what she was expecting, but it certainly wasn't Luke to be fastening the ropes that bound him in preparation to hand him off to Leia. "Ah, Rey." Luke acknowledged her presence without having to look up. "We're here. We will be meeting with Leia to place Ben into her custody." "I slept that long?" She asked in surprise and Luke nodded. "Yes. You both did." He tugged the hood up over Ben's head to conceal his face and glanced over at her to toss her a set of robes as well. "We run a risk of being spotted by First Order spies. I ask that you please wear these and keep your hood up at all times." Rey took a moment to look down at the clothing for several long moments. It had been a long, long time since she had held robes like this. Luke gave Ben a light push and led him out of the room to give her privacy to change. "Is this a part of your plan, uncle?" Ben asked, glancing over his shoulder at the bearded man that urged him forward. "Try to make us feel like your padawans again?" "A plan? Oh. Don't tell me. Does it make you feel that way?" Luke prodded and Ben clenched his jaw tightly in irritation. That sneaky old man. They waited there silently and he heard Chewie in the cockpit requesting Luke and Rey be careful and that he would take care of the Falcon while they were gone, but the Wookie had not stepped foot outside the cockpit entire time he had been on the ship. It was very telling. "It seems Chewie holds no desires to see me off." His tone was flat. It was hard to tell if he was remorseful or smug. "I think that is for the best. If he were to stand face to face with you I am afraid he might rip a limb or two off. Ah!" Luke held a finger up as if a sudden thought hit him. "Actually you might like that. You did want to become more like your grandfather after all." Ben shot his uncle a glare. "If I could strangle you, old man..." The bickering did not last much longer as Rey made her way towards them from the crew quarters. Ben glanced towards her and anything else he might have said was lost on him, he tilted his head faintly to the side as he took in her appearance. It brought a particularly sort of melancholy to him and a little bit of something else that scared him even more. "I believe it is time to begin our journey." Luke stated and pressed the switch to lower the ramp. The desert heat hit them so suddenly it was almost overwhelming for the two older men, but for Rey it was almost a refreshing taste of home. "Here of all places?" Ben commented in a tone laced with irritation. He didn't say it out loud, but she heard his thoughts. There were New Order spies here. "There are spies here?" Rey voiced his silent thoughts and he tensed considerably and turned to shoot a harsh glare at her for daring to do such a thing. "I was well aware." Luke waved it off. "I chose here because it would be the last place The First Order would expect us to exchange a prisoner. Right under their nose." 'Not if I can warn them first' Ben thought, but the thought was pointless because Rey immediately knew it. It seemed he realized this because once again he turned to look at her and search her face, but any concern he might have had was covered with a slow, smug smirk. "Let us see if your gamble pays off, uncle." 'I won't let you.' She left that thought open to him purposely and though he said nothing she could see out of the corner of his eye how his smirk widened. He liked the challenged that she presented him. They passed through the gate into the outpost and Rey was suddenly glad for the change in clothing as she did not want anyone here to be able to recognize her. She pulled the hood up over her head even further and kept pace with them. Then Luke halted when he noticed the board in the center of the outpost. "Oh. The First Order does work quickly doesn't it?" Luke backed up a few paces to get a better look at it, prompting both Rey and Ben to also glance at the board. "Wanted posters?" Rey glanced at them and recognized all three of their faces and then her eyes lowered to the amount they were wanted for and she almost choked. "Only a million?" Ben scoffed. "I'm worth more than that." "Do you know how much a million could buy in rations!?" Rey was astonished that he could scoff at such a large bounty. "And do you know how many bounty hunters come into Niima Outpost looking for runaways?" "We needn't worry about a few bounty hunters." Luke responded. Again he brushed off the danger. She never would have guessed Luke to be so fearless. She supposed he had to be after all he had faced. He was made of tougher stuff than this generation. "But perhaps it is best for the two of you to wait on The Falcon." "Oh no..." Rey suddenly remembered that they had flown in on The Falcon. There was no way that Unkar Plutt was not going to notice that. "We need to leave. If Unkar Plutt finds that we flew 'his' ship in... there's going to be trouble." "I can handle that as well, Rey." Luke promised. "You two return to The Falcon where your faces cannot be seen and I will locate our friends." "Your friends." Ben stated and then he turned back towards the ship and Rey kept an eye on him. No. It wasn't that easy. He was plotting something and he was keeping it from her somehow. Rey hurried after him to watch and make sure he wasn't planning on making any suspicious moves to try and escape. As they got closer a voice halted them. "That's my ship!" The familiar voice of Unkar Plutt cut the air and she froze. Great. "Your ship? This ship belonged to my father." Ben asked as he slowly turned to face the fat slug that dared to challenged him. "Not any more boy. That is mine. You'll hand it over." Unkar Plutt demanded and Ben merely smiled though there was no real humor in it. "What are you afraid of most? Let's see shall we?" Rey glanced between the two and watched as Unkar Plutt suddenly gasped, taking a step back until he was frozen in place and unable to move. The look of absolute horror and fear overtook his face. "No... no!" Unkar Plutt cried out and Rey quickly grabbed onto Ben's shoulder and turned him to face her. "Stop!" "Stop?" He questioned. "Why should I not pay him back for all the cruel things he has done to you? I saw it all in your head." "Because that's not the Jedi way. It's wrong to use fear." Rey quickly turned to him. "You're not afraid. Your fears are melting away. From now on you'll recognize that ship does not belong to you..." "I am not afraid. I recognize the ship belongs to you." Unkar Plutt repeated in a trance like tone. "Tch." Ben scoffed and glanced away from the two of them. "And you will treat the scavengers with more respect from now on! You may return to your work." Rey added suddenly. "And I will treat the scavengers with more respect from now on." He repeated once more as he turned around and returned back to his duties. "You could have shredded him from the inside out. You could have made his worst nightmares a reality. You could have had him at your feet, licking your boots." "That would have been wrong." "And what dictates what is wrong and what is right? The Jedi code?" Ben questioned her, stepping closer and she was glad that his hands were bound behind his back underneath his cloak or she would have felt threatened. "Our hearts. If yours wasn't a giant block of ice perhaps you would realize." "You think it's ice?" He took another step closer and this time she felt a need for concern, but that didn't mean she would back down and just let him intimidate her. "That's what happens when you abandon yourself to the darkness. Your heart becomes frozen. You can't feel a thing anymore can you?" Rey pressed her lips together in a thin line as she tried to read him. It was blank. Why? What was he doing right now? "If it were to melt... how badly would it hurt?" It was when he didn't answer she knew something was wrong and she set her hand near her hip in preparation for him to make a move. "Don't." His eyes flicked off to the side and she followed his gaze to find two men beneath the shade of a tent watching them both. Their rugged faces were revealed with their helmets at their sides and they were armed to the teeth. They were both waiting for something it seemed and then she noticed another group of them in similar silvery armor making their way towards those two. The next thing she knew Ben was right up in front of her, only a breath away. "Give me my lightsaber." "Not a chance." "Rey!" He hissed, trying not to raise his voice and draw any more attention. "Do you want to die? I said give it here." "And I said no." He quickly glanced over as he noticed the two men getting up and meeting with their partners and he sighed deeply, trying to not lose his temper with her, but he was very close to that very thing. "At the very least untie me." "Do I look as if I'm that thick? You'll use it against me later if not now." Rey gave those men another look and noticed they were coming towards them. This was not good. Where was Luke? "Had I wanted to kill you I'd have shoved you over that cliff and been done with it. Untie me and give me back my lightsaber." "Just... just run!" Rey insisted and having no other choice both broke into a sprint and sure enough the men shouted something in a foreign language at them and put themselves right on their trail. She did not want to fight here and now or shed blood so she had to run. Luckily for her she knew this place like the back of her hand and she knew exactly where to go to. She made a run right for the cantina, because the bounty hunters would not be able to find them in such a crowd. There were too many shady characters in there that liked to conceal their faces as well. Ben kicked over a bucket holding up a fruit stand and it crashed down to stop their pursuers in their tracks, forcing them to go around and effectively slowing them down, but earning the scolding of the stand's owner. He had no idea where they were going, but he knew that he had to keep up. He couldn't be caught bound like this. He needed his lightsaber from her. They turned a corner and barely avoided a run in with a few other people that looked at them as if they were insane. Rey rushed the doors of the cantina and turned to grab Ben by the front of the robes and pull him inside with her, through the crowds, but he was so tall. She really cursed him for being tall at a time like this. There was no way they wouldn't be caught. She had overlooked that detail. Her eyes scanned the entire area and she made a last minute decision to run towards the back and pulled the door open to a supply closet. Shoving him inside the small and confined space she quickly stepped and slammed the door shut in hopes that they had been fast enough to give them the slip... and that they were too stupid to think to check here if they had noticed them come inside the cantina. They waited for the longest time and when all was still silent she let out a breath of relief that they had managed to give them the slip for now. Never in a million years had she imagined herself in this position and... she had to stop and laugh a little bit. At first he looked at her as if he were insane, but then he gave a short bout of laughter as well. It was that little thing that made her glance up at his face and really take in his appearance in this small and confined space. "Are you still in there, Ben?" She asked and reached up to push his hood back and take in more of his face. She needed him to answer, needed something of who he was to still be there. "You're still there... right?" His eyes searched hers for a long moment and they softened ever so slightly, but just enough for her to notice the difference. She pulled her own hood down and leaned back against the door to put a little space between them. It was not much at all. Though his expression changed he hadn't answered yet and she assumed that he wouldn't. "I'm still here." Finally he answered her leaning closer to her again until they were left with the same lack of space they had a moment ago. "What did you mean... that our hearts know? You mean to say you aren't quoting the Jedi code?" "Deep down... we all know what's wrong and what's right. I know that you still feel it. You have to. There's still something good in you." She acknowledged the tendrils of light that shined through the darkness like sunlight between the branches of a thick, dark forest. "I can't live by the Jedi code, Rey." Though he didn't have his hands free he was still able to trap her between him and the door with his body and he did so effectively. "And I don't think that you can either." "What do you mean by that?" She tried not to look at him when she realized how close he was. When she was younger she had a young girl's crush on him. It was innocent, but now she was a grown woman and a woman's crush was much different. She couldn't feel that for him, couldn't let herself feel that for him. It had to stay in the past. "You feel too much. We both feel too much." He searched her face again and he seemed to pick up on her thoughts. "And you... you like me too much." "I... no... I'm not a little girl anymore... it's not like that now." "No... you're not..." His eyes flicked down for a moment and he leaned his face closer to hers and he watched as she swallowed with some difficulty. He felt conflicted about his own feelings. She was too young for him. He shouldn't even be so close to her, but he couldn't help himself and it was not as if he was a Jedi. Those rules did not apply to him anymore. "You could still become a Jedi... you could still come back." "No. I could hardly live without passion." He leaned in even closer until his warm breath was in her ear and she winced as she became more aware of her own breathing increasing. "Could you? Could you become a Jedi? Could you stand it living without passion? Would you... live a life of celibacy and become like Luke? Pathetic and all alone on an island?" "It's admirable." She blurted out and practically felt the way one side of his mouth quirked up in amusement. "Admirable, but not for you. Not for me." He shifted his arms behind his back, it was a shame he didn't have them free. "The Jedi are wrong. Just look in the history books. Look how many times they have failed. Look how many times they have fallen to the Sith. Over and over. It goes on and on, but now there is a chance for balance... ...untie me." It took a moment for her to register those words and that's when she realized what he was doing and shoved him back as hard as she could, sending him back into the wall behind him with a dull thud. "You... you were only saying all that to-" "No." He cut her off. "You used my feelings for your own agenda!" "NO! I'm being honest! You know it to be true. Your path is not that of a Jedi. Your path is with me. I want you with me." "I will never join you. I've seen what the dark side does first hand." Without a second thought she shoved the door open, pulled her hood back up and stepped out, leaving him shocked that she had so easily walked away from him. "Rey..." He hurried out after her. There was a tinge of hope when she turned to him and reached up, but he realized she was only pulling his hood back up to conceal his face and then she turned and continued on her path out the back door. "Don't you feel it? Don't you feel what I feel?" "Stop talking to me." "Is it so bad? The thought of joining me?" He asked. "You hate me that much?" "Yes!" She turned on him. "I did hate you for it. I did. I hated you so much, but now the more I see you... the more I feel sorry for you because of what the hate did to you. Ben Solo was strong. But Kylo Ren... he's pathetic and cowardly. The dark side hasn't made you stronger. It's only made you weaker. When I look at you all I keep seeing how pathetic you've become." He stopped in his tracks and watched her as she continued to work. Those words struck a painful cord within his chest and he dropped to his knees, letting out a breath as if he had been stricken. When she heard the sound of him dropping she halted and then turned around once more to face him. "I loved you." "But not any more...?" He lifted his eyes to meet hers and only found tears there. It broke what little heart he had left. "No. Not any more. How could I ever love a monster like Kylo Ren?" She turned her back on him again. "I don't care anymore! Just go back! Go back to Snoke! Keep on being Kylo Ren... when the final fight comes... I'll be ready to kill you." "Rey!" He called out desperately, but this time she didn't stop and he lowered his head, gasping for breath. He was pathetic? That was all she saw when she looked at him? Was he really so pitiful? A hand settled upon his shoulder and he glanced up to see Luke standing before him. "Ben... it's time to come home. Your mother is waiting." Luke told him, lifting him up to his feet and leading him back to the ship. Ben was sluggish and slow in his movements and Luke had to continually stop and wait for him. "Is it painful?" "I've no desire to hear your equivocal lectures." "I wasn't giving one." Luke pointed to Ben's side. "You've reopened your wound." Instead of answering him Ben trudged on and past his uncle. He found he could care less about that. The more it hurt the better. Luke let out a sigh as he watched his nephew. It was a well deserved suffering to say the least, but... it was still difficult for him as his uncle to watch none-the-less. Rey barely had time to recover her composure as she approached the ship and that was when someone slowly stepped down the ramp and everything changed. Her face lit up and she rushed up the ramp to leap into the arms of the familiar face. "Poe!" "Rey, it's so good to see you." Poe's cheerful voice was refreshing to her. "Leia is here. She's waiting for the prisoner exchange. I knew you could do it." "I... Luke caught him." While she blushed a bit at Poe's praise she could not take the credit, but then Rey took a moment to realize she had let him escape moments ago and her stomach twisted into a knot. This did not last long as she turned to find Luke approaching with their prisoner. "Is Finn alright?" She took her chance to ask and Poe smiled and nodded vigorously. "He's on a recon mission right now." "Rey." Leia's voice came from the ship as she slowly descended the ramp as well, holding something of Han's in her hands. A set of pilot's gloves. It was a reminder of that person that was gone now. A precious memory known only to Leia. "Luke..." "Leia. It's been too long." Luke replied. She stepped the rest of the way down and embraced her brother, a mixture of remorse and relief. Leia released Luke from the hug and then she gave a brief glance towards her son, but she found she could not look at him for long and she turned her gaze away. It did not go unnoticed to Ben that his mother could not bare to look at him. "We will take him from here. Poe... would you please take him to our shuttle?" Leia requested and turned back to their ship while Poe stepped down to guide their prisoner aboard. The two exchanged a charged look. Poe and Ben had a past after all. Their last meeting had been less than pleasant. Neither Luke nor Rey said a word as they watched him go. And he looked so betrayed that they were truly going to hand him over to the rebels like this, she felt it. His hurt and his pain, but she couldn't face him any more than Leia could. Soon enough as a programmed defensive measure his anger sparked. That hurt and pain boiled over into a rage and there she detected his thoughts, she knew what he would do before he did it. "Poe!" She called out in fear, but it was too late, Ben had already headbutted him and kicked his legs out from under him to break into a run, ducking past the ships and disappearing in the vast junkyard of dead ships. Chapter 5 : The Truth Summary: "How to make a monster: First you must take something innocent, then feed it hate, ridicule and betrayal. All that is left is a soul poisoned by the world." - Unknown "Ben!" Luke called out, trying to spot him among the various wrecked ships in the junkyard before he quickly hurried into the maze of scrap. "If we don't stop him now we will have to kill him in the future!" Rey winced at Luke's words, but she knew it was true. If he got away now he would return to Snoke and she would be forced to end his life in battle. She quickly made her way to Poe to help him up. "Poe are you alright?" "That guy has always had a hard head." Poe groaned and held his now bleeding nose with one hand while searching the sand for his blaster with the other. He finally gathered it up and the two of them joined Luke in the chase. "We have to find him." "I know." This search was similar to attempting to find a grain of rice in a sand dune. Nearly impossible. There was so much junk piled up and the skeletons of old ships long past their prime. Surely some things she had scavenged personally had ended up here as well. Years worth of nothing but junk... because of him. In this large junkyard that had been piling up for years and years Rey knew it was going to be impossible without help and so she stopped to let Poe go on ahead as it would be much safer for him and decided to focus on his presence within The Force. It did not take long to lock onto him. His presence in The Force was like a raging wild fire in the dead of night. Impossible to miss. 'You...' his displeased voice spat out through the bond similar to how one might spit a curse word. 'Give yourself up.' She demanded and eyed the shattered ship before her, knowing before he did it that he would round the corner. He did so, ducking beneath a low hanging antenna that had been bent out of shape from a long ago battle to avoid the long way around. "I had thought that you despised having a force bond with me, yet... here you are using it at your convenience. If I were to use it in that manner... you'd call me a monster." "I'm not playing a game with you." She placed her hand upon the lightsaber at her side, prepared to ignite it if he were to attempt anything at all. "You requested that I return to Supreme Commander Snoke... I was only doing as you had asked." He took one step closer, testing the waters... testing how far he could go... how far she would let him get. "Stop." Rey knew it was all just another one of his games and she could not allow him to push her boundaries. She needed to set them here and now and let him know that there was no crossing them without severe consequences. With another step forward she ignited the ligthsaber and it halted him altogether, made him stop to search her face for how serious she was about this and when he saw that there was not a single trace of uncertainty in her stance he knew that he had to take this line she had drawn in the sand seriously. He was still at a disadvantage with his hands bound and no lightsaber of his own. "You've said that you won't come with me... but you won't let me go either? You can't have both." "I'm not asking for both. I would just rather not have to kill you." "Do you think you can?" "I..." For a moment Rey hesitated as she thought about who he had been once and that did not make it easy. "I can kill Kylo Ren. So who are you...?" Instead of answering he lowered his gaze to the ground and considered his options, but came to the conclusion that he did not have many and any plots that he might think up would be immediately foiled because she was much stronger than he when it came to The Force. It irritated him beyond belief and he gritted his teeth. How could this be possible? He was supposed to be stronger, not weaker and yet here he was under her boot like a pathetic bug about to be crushed. Any further conflict was interrupted by a short and deep rumble, a growl of sorts. Both glanced up towards a tall junk pile to see a large creature atop it that was suddenly flanked by two more on either side. They were tall with reddish orange scales for defense, large dark eyes to spot prey and long, sharp claws to rip and shred. "Akk dogs? Bounty hunters here on Jakku are persistent." He straightened up and took a step back, but did not dare to turn his back on the creatures. "Akk dogs?" Rey brought her lightsaber in front of her and face the Akk dogs to prepare to defend herself. She wasn't familiar with this sort of creature. "Your lightsaber will have a difficult time. They've very thick hides." Again he took another step back and she shot a glance at him. Was he going to leave her here with them to save his own skin? "Untie me..." "No." She answered and he growled in irritation. The creatures stared them down for the longest amount of time, before their heads shifted as if someone had said something and that was when they jumped down and made a sudden charge at them. They were fast and Rey barely had time to roll to the side and avoid being crushed between a ship hull and the Akk dog's bulky body. "REY!" He snapped again, barely avoiding the snapping jaws that came towards him. She brought her saber down in a sharp swing, slicing the creature's back, but he had been right. Their scales were thick even for a lightsaber. The Akk dog retaliated and let out a mighty roar of anger and snapped rows of sharp teeth towards her, catching just the edge of her cloak. With that edge of fabric in it's mouth it jerked hard and Rey found herself flung hard into the ground. A large, clawed paw rose into the air prepared to strike, but just before it could Ben stepped forward and kicked the Akk dog as hard as possibly directly in the joint of it's jaw. It stunned the creature, just long enough for her to jerk the cloak from it's teeth and roll out from under it. The moment it recovered it rammed it's head into Ben and knocked him into the wing of a ship, his back hitting hard enough to resound off the ship. The other two were circling and awaiting their chance to step in, waiting for a back to be turned. She put herself in between the Akk dogs and Ben in a weak attempt of keeping them both alive. "We're going to die!" He tugged hard at the ropes, trying to break or wriggle free of them, but Luke had seen to it that it was impossible. "For the-... just... untie me!" "No!" She brought a hand up and took a deep breath, trying to focus on The Force. It was her only chance now. The larger creature lifted it's head, almost curiously and then it flew back several feet into a pile of scrap. The other two glanced back at their alpha as it burst out of the scrap, now even more angry then it had been and then they turned their attention back on their prey. "Rey!" His voice came, more desperate now. This was not the way he wanted to go out. Being torn apart by an Akk dog would surely prove to be a slow and painful death. Rey weighed those options. He was going to die if he couldn't fight. And she was going to die if she tried to take these monsters on her own. She clenched her fists around the lightsaber and without another option she used another Force Push, stronger than the last before quickly turning to Ben and reaching behind him to cut the ropes with her saber. It happened so fast she wasn't sure what to think, one moment he was taking advantage of his freedom and grabbing his own lightsaber that she had at her side and then the next he was pulling own a huge pile of scrap with the force. It came down with a startlingly loud rumble that would attract the attention of the entire outpost. Rey glanced up through the thick dust that crash of rubble had caused and for a moment there was nothing, but then suddenly one Akk dog was dragging itself from the rubble and coming straight towards her. A hand shoved her forward, urging her to get moving and Ben broke out into a sprint in front of her. It was clear he wasn't staying to be eaten. There was only one clear choice and that was to go along with Ben, because staying here with those things was going to get them both killed. He cleared the junkyard after a few cut corners and she realized that he was still plotting to get away. Both from her and the Akk dogs. "Where are you going!? You can't just run off into the the desert!" "If you'd like to stay back there to be eaten then be my guest!" He retorted, still keeping up his pace and shooting a brief glance back. It was still behind him and it's companions were recovering and not too far behind that. A ship flew overhead and the slowed down ahead of them. It was the Falcon, making to land right in front of them. It cut off his escape route and he came to a sudden halt and glanced back at the Akk dogs that were gaining. Two possibilities, take his chance with the dogs and possibly be ripped apart or be taken prisoner again. "What are you doing?!" Rey skidded to a stop, very nearly slamming right into his back due to how suddenly he stopped. She shoved him forward as hard as she possibly could to try and get him moving again as the ramp lowered and Luke stepped forward, waving them over. "Hurry!" Luke's voice was urgent, enough to catch both their attention. Something was clearly wrong and with a muttered curse under his breath he stepped up onto the ramp and boarded the ship even though he knew exactly what it entailed. "What's happened?" Rey asked as the ramp closed behind them and the Akk dogs were left in the dust. "I-" Luke didn't even have the time to explain when something slammed into the ship, a loud bang and the ship was spinning out of control, a loud beeping alarm going off to signify that they had been hit and they were going down. "Hold on!" In the cockpit Chewie tried his best to get out of the spin, to regain control over the ship, but even the best pilot could not shake this one. The ground came closer and closer until finally the ship crash landed directly into a sand dune and all systems went black. With a groan Rey jolted into consciousness, wondering just how long she had been out. It must not have been long. Minutes maybe. The red emergency lights were the only source of illumination and it cast an eerie look on the inside of the ship. She very slowly got up and then wince at the pain she felt, like her skull had been split open, a horrible ache. Rey reached her hand up and lightly touched a spot on her forehead to come back with a thick, irony liquid coating her fingertips. There was a loud groaning from the ramp and she realized that someone was trying to get inside the ship forcibly. It must be the bounty hunters. She quickly reached for the lightsaber at her side only to realize she had lost it in the crash. She frantically looked around the messy ship and tried to locate it. It would be impossible! No. The Force. She could use The Force to locate it. Not easy. Artoo was beeping up a storm because he was trapped under a bunch of crates and he could not free himself. There was a loud crash and she glanced over to find Luke shoving a heavy crate off himself and noticed that Ben was there beside him and his hands were unbound because of her... he had his lightsaber because of her... and Luke's life was in danger now because of her. Whatever she had expected did not come. He did not ignite his saber and he made no move to strike at Luke as he attempted to recover from the crash, but there was that voice again. That little whisper inside of his head. It was the same one she had heard on Star Killer. The one that insisted she kill Kylo Ren. "Who is that?" Rey asked and his eyes shot over to hers suddenly. His surprise was evident, but at the same time he was angry. "What happened to staying out of each others heads?" Ben's grip on his saber tightened as he barely contained the rage he felt. "I... it wasn't on purpose!" "I don't... care!" He snapped and glanced back towards Luke. "Why?" "Why what, Ben?" Luke questioned, shifting uncomfortably. "Why did you protect me?!" Rey glanced between the two of them in confusion, she wasn't sure what had happened, but then she realized that Luke was hurt when he did not stand up. "I protected you both." Luke's tone was laced with pain as he grimaced when he attempted to move. "You should have used The Force to protect yourself! Not us! I could have protected myself just fine!" Ben's tone was one of outrage. A mixture of pain and anger. Anger because Luke protected him... and guilt. A deep seated guilt that after all of it Luke had still protected him and become hurt in the process. "Had I not used The Force we would all be dead. Is that what you would have preferred?" The doors burst open suddenly and two of the bounty hunters from earlier were making their move. Persistent. Luke could do nothing as his injury prevented movement, but they did not make it far as a roar echoed throughout the ship and Chewie raised his blaster and made short work of the two bounty hunters. The third that was outside fled. "He can't get away!" Ben quickly took a leap over a heavy crate and went after the last man, but more because someone needed to bear the brunt end of his temper than anything else. "Ben! Leave it!" Luke tried, but he shook his head as he knew it was hopeless. "Ben!" "I'll get him." Rey responded and just as she made her way off the ramp she noticed the ship taking off. The bounty hunter had escaped and Ben let out a string of foreign curses. Rey sighed. She may as well let him have his tantrum if he would settle down after. Taking a glance at the Falcon she realized just how close it was to the edge of the cliff... if it had gone over... the Falcon would have become another scrap giant in this desert. It seemed that Ben was still throwing his cursing fit, but didn't last long as something large and heavy slammed into him from the side, a blur it moved so fast, then she realized it was the Akk dog. It had caught up with them and it was angry. It was going to rip him to shreds. For just a moment... just a moment she considered allowing the beast to rip him apart and then all her problems would be solved right? The Force bond would be gone. Her enemy would be gone. But that was wrong. She would not become like them. She raised a hand and force shoved the creature, weakly, but she managed. It unfortunately only served to anger the creature and it turned on her, charging her. She ignited her saber and swung just as it got close. This caused the creature to cry out, but it still struck her full force and she skidded backwards and before she was able to stop herself she slipped over the edge. It was her luck that she was an expert climber as she barely managed to catch herself on the edge, but the beast was still hurt and angry. It was going to kill her. There was no doubt. It wasn't the creature that leaned over the edge to finish her off. It was Ben, but he grabbed her by the wrist and was about to pull her up when he halted. There. He realized it. He could let her drop. Escape from here. Escape from being their prisoner and he was left with the same decision she was left with. She narrowed her eyes at him. Was he really going to do it? His expression changed and he glanced over the edge behind her and then he glanced behind him. He did this several times before his expression turned panicked and he glanced back behind him before he let go of her hand and let her fall. Her back hit the ground with a hard thud and Rey clenched her fists and curled into herself. It had not been as far a drop as she suspected, but it was painful none the less and he had dropped her! "That's what I get for..." A pause as she gritted her teeth against the wave of pain. "letting you go!? I untied you and you let me go? You backstabbing... just wait until I get my hands on you!" Her rant didn't last long as he came skidding over the edge and hit the ground right next to her and she felt her pain all over again... and along with realization that he had not dropped her because he intended to abandon her, but rather... he decided not to pull her up because the Akk dog behind him would have ripped them both to shreds. "Move... move." He grunted out and struggled to get to his feet, because the Akk dogs above them were starting to make their way down. "There is nowhere to move to." Rey responded and he glanced up to find that they really were trapped down here with their back to a wall and the only way out had been blocked by the very beasts hunting them down. "Don't turn your back on them." Ben slowly stood up to his full height and ignited his saber, pressing his back against hers. It was a last ditched effort. The creatures were slowly approaching and getting closer. Rey was sure that they were going to die down here like this. Suddenly the Akk dogs glanced around as if they heard something and then they slowly backed up, backed down and turned away from them. "You still have much to learn!" Luke's voice called out to them from above and they both shot a glance up to find him standing near the edge... or... more of leaning against Chewie to stand. "How did you do it?" Rey asked in awe. It amazed her that The Force could do so many things and even avoid bloodshed to a certain extent. "I merely used The Force to calm their minds. In time I will teach you this trick." Luke responded before turning to Chewie. "Help them up... I must rest..." Chewie disappeared with Luke to help him back aboard while he gathered a rope and Rey let out a sigh of relief. If she had to die that was not the way she wanted to go. He turned around... as if he were about to say something, but Chewie's roar interrupted whatever it might have been as the Wookie tossed a rope down to them to aid them in their return to the top. It did not take too long and as Rey reached the top she glance back at Chewie and noticed the terrible stand off between him and Ben. There were bad feelings between them, but at the same time... just as it was with the rest of them there were the underlying feelings of betrayal. They had all known him. Once a long time ago and then he had made such a mess out of everything. Even Artoo -who had been freed from his predicament- gave a weary and disappointed beep at Ben and then turned to roll away. Even the droid was ashamed of him. "The ship is damage." Luke cut in from his sitting place upon the ramp. "What about Leia?" Rey asked, surely she would come and get them. "No. When we realized the situation I sent her for reinforcements. Being that... it seems we will not be going anywhere until we can repair the sublight engines." "Then... you can't stop me from walking out of here." Ben stated and Chewie tensed up, ready to do whatever he needed. "No. I suppose I can't." Luke nodded as if he accepted it and Rey tilted her head to the side on confusion. Luke was just going to let him leave? Let him go back to The First Order? "but where will you go, Ben? I'm injured... Rey is untrained.. and those Mandalorians will return..." That halted Ben's retreat and he slowly clenched a fist. "Mandalorians are here...?" "Yes." "...It doesn't matter... grandfather... I have to finish what he started-" "And what did he start, Ben!?" Luke raised his voice. "Your grandfather forsook the Dark Side for the love of his son and that was the end of it!" "He spoke to me! He told me what I must do!" Ben turned around, voice just a bit higher, as if he could win the argument just by being louder. "He NEVER spoke to you! Your grandfather is rolling in his grave as he watches you make his same mistakes. Snoke tricked you. That voice in your head... was never your grandfather... it was always Snoke... he pretended to be Darth Vader for you. To give you a sense of purpose... and you fell right into his hands." "LIAR!" Even as he screamed out the accusation, Ben clenched his fists tighter and then glanced down. He knew that out of all the things Luke was... he was not a liar. "No... no... no..." "He's using you... and when he has what he wants... he will dispose of you." Luke inhaled deeply and clenched a fist over his knee. "The choice is yours. Walk away now and abandon it all again, but this will be your last chance. There is no third. This is your second. What will you do with it?" "Luke is right." Rey spoke up. "That voice in your head... that was Snoke... right...? On Star Killer... I heard him. He told me to give into my anger and to kill you. He is going to dispose of you... even if you don't believe Luke... you know that I can't lie to you any more than you can lie to me." "I'm hurt, Ben." Luke began again. "I can't protect Rey. I can't teach her. You know the Mandalorians will come and if they discover Rey... you know what will happen. She needs a teacher to stand a chance... but here I am... old and feeble." "Who are the Mandalorians?" Rey asked and Luke sighed. "Jedi hunters." Ben muttered under his breath in answer. It was the simple answer at least, but Rey felt that he knew more than he was saying and she would press for the information if Luke wasn't about to hand it over. "I cannot hide it from you. Rey... you know that your grandfather was Obi Wan, but you do not know who your grandmother was." Luke glanced down almost unsure with how to proceed. "I was left with your grandfather's journals and I learned a great deal about the Kenobi line. I learned who your grandmother was." "Who was she...?" "During the years of the Clone Wars Obi Wan was in love with Satine Kryze. The Duchess of Mandalore." "And this... woman... she's my grandmother...?" "No." Luke waved a hand. "Her sister, Bo-Katan Kryze is your grandmother. You see... Satine Kryze was killed as a form of revenge by Darth Maul who was your grandfather's arch nemesis. After losing such an important person... Obi Wan and Bo-Katan Kryze took comfort in one another one night... and had your mother shortly after. Obi Wan did not know about her unfortunately. Bo-Katan kept it from him. I only learned of her, because your mother herself approached me with her story." "My mother... what was she like?" "Your mother... was an amazing woman. Your father was as well, but your mother was... Force Sensitive and after the Duchess of Mandalore was murdered by Darth Maul... the Mandalorians declared war upon all Force Users for the unfortunate situation they had forced upon them. They became Jedi hunters in the past years. They also decided that your mother was an abomination... that you... were an abomination." "Are they the ones that... killed them?" "Yes. Your mother and father left you at the academy under my protection while they were hunting remnants of the Empire, but their squadron -Rogue Squadron- was ambushed by Mandalorians and they were killed. It was a hit and run... and it was my fault, Rey. I sent them on that mission. I can only ask that you forgive me for not having been more concerned about the Mandalore threat." Rey bit her lip and glanced towards the bodies of the men near the ship. These were bodies of the people responsible for the death of her parents? She slowly lowered herself into a crouch and held her head. It was beginning to hurt badly. There was suddenly so much pressure she almost collapsed. Too much. This was all too much. "It isn't your fault." Rey said quietly, voice strained to a degree from the sudden pain. Still she wanted Luke to know that she did not blame him. How could she blame him? "I'm sure... they died doing what they believed in... I know they did... fighting an evil like The First Order... there's no more a noble way to go." It was a personal strike, Ben thought. She had purposely made to lash out against what he had served. It scraped against the bottom of his heart in a particular way and caused an indescribable discomfort. She blamed him to a degree for joining what her parents died fighting. He could hear the silent accusation of 'how could you?'. "You are in danger here now. We must repair the ship and get you to safety with the rebels until you are skilled enough in The Force to be able to combat the Mandalorians." Luke stated. "I can hold my own if I need to." Rey answered confidently. "And I have some spare parts that I scavenged during my time here... the AT-AT where they're stored isn't far from here. If I could get them we could leave without taking the risk of returning to the outpost." "Is that so?" He smiled faintly, impressed that Rey had come so far. He was proud of her. "But you still have much to learn. I will teach you when I have healed properly... it is a shame that you will be at a disadvantage with the Mandalorians because of me..." "I'll do it." Ben spoke up suddenly. As if he had been waiting for the opportunity like a dog waiting for a bone. "I'll teach her..." "Teach her what? How to be a Sith? She's better off at the disadvantage." Luke scoffed at him and Ben puffed up defensively. "No. I'll... I'll teach her what you taught me... as a padawan..." "Can you?" "Yes!" "One. One chance, Ben." "You're going to let him teach me?" Rey asked, scowling as if she thought it was a terrible idea. She did in fact. It was a terrible, terrible idea. "I am, because there is no other way." Luke answered. "I trust you'll avoid any Sith learnings." "We're not-... Snoke... isn't even a Sith." Ben grumbled. "Oh, is that what he tells you?" Rey sighed and glanced between the two of them. This was growing tiring, but she was sure that Luke didn't like to listen to the two of them bicker any more than she liked to listen to the two of them. "I'm going to get some things together and get those parts." Rey told them and stepped up the ramp into the Falcon. There were emergency kits near the escape pods and she decided that would be enough to make the journey. "I'm coming with you." She glanced over her shoulder at Ben and shook her head. "I don't need you to baby sit me as if I'm a child. I can get the parts on my own." "I know how powerful you are." The last thing he wanted was for her to think he doubted her strength. "I know it first hand, but the Mandalorians are dangerous and you cannot deflect a slugthrower like you could a blaster bolt." "A slugthrower?" "A Jedi killer." He nodded, having no other explanation other than that it worked well against Jedi and Sith. "It takes one to know one I suppose." She remembered hearing the words Jedi killer uttered among people at the resistance base, but she regretted it nearly as soon as she said it because it seemed to push him back a step further. She grabbed the pack and lifted it over her shoulder to brush past him and hurry out of the ship to start on her journey. Despite her words she detected his presence behind her and was aware that he was following her. The journey through the hot sun and sand went on for some time, silent all the way. Not even a thought. Nearly there. They were nearly there, but that was when she glanced up and noticed the horizon. It was growing dark. She had lived on Jakku long enough to know exactly what it was that was coming. "We need to hurry." Rey insisted and picked up her pace into a near sprint and he didn't hesitate to follow. It wasn't something he wanted to get caught up in either. The race was on to beat the sandstorm to the AT-AT and if they were caught in it then they risked everything. She could see it in the distance just as she could see the lightning flash within the sandstorm. It was getting closer, she could feel the heated wind at her skin and she felt her heart speed up as she raced to try and make it in time. Just as the sandstorm started to hit and she felt the scrape on her skin of rough, course sand she was at the door to her former home and making her way inside. She only turned back to grab Ben by the cloak and drag him inside. It did not take long for the sandstorm to darken the skies, darker and darker until it was pitch black and dark as night itself. She reached into the pack she brought along and searched for the light. It was a bit difficult to locate in the dark, but she eventually managed and a light yellow illuminated their surroundings. She was frustrated, because for this to happen now of all times...? It was as if The Force had something against her lately. He shifted in the darkness with a sigh and glanced outside, furrowing his brow. No. This couldn't last too long right? "How much longer will this last?" "At best?" Rey asked. "A day... maybe two... at worst... five days." "Five days?" He shook his head. This was unbelievable. "Of all the places we could be stuck it had to be here in this old war relic on some backwater world." "You're the last person I want to be stuck with too. Believe me." There was a loud thunk as something slammed into the AT-AT and despite how old it was the great beast held up with only a faint groan of protest. It had been through many sandstorms and it was not about to fail now. The storm continued on and on and they were both left in silent contemplation. Eventually he grew bored with sitting where he was and he got up to explore the ruins to state a curiosity he'd always had. What was it like living here for her? It was livable, but it was hardly anything to brag about... then again he supposed one could brag about being able to survive in this piece of rotting durasteel. "Such a lonely existence..." He said softly, almost low enough that she didn't hear. But she was not sure if he meant her loneliness or his own. It was quite likely both. He continued to explore and halted when he saw his own reflection in a broken mirror, finding his face in two halves. One side of the mirror smudged with a dark tint and the other clear. He took a moment to take it all in before he returned to the light in the center to sit across from her once more. Reaching down he rubbed at his wrists slowly, trying to soothe the ache. He'd gotten sand into his wounds and it was extraordinarily irritating. Rey glanced at him and recalled a similar pain. Out here sand got into everything. Especially wounds. There was no escaping it. He looked absolutely miserable. But why wouldn't he be? His world had just been turned upside down after all and he had learned that everything he had done had been based on a lie. It was a sweet justice for what he'd done to her. He deserved it right? He had taken her memories. He killed his own father. For that he did not deserve anything from her. She knew that she should not comfort him. Knew that she should let him suffer alone, but... against her better judgement she moved closer to him and grabbed his forearm. She would share in his pain so it was beneficial for her if she took care of it now. "Let me see..." "Leave it." He insisted. "You might appreciate the pain, but I don't." Rey responded as she tugged his glove off and turned his wrist towards the light. "You can learn to block it out." His gaze lowered to follow her hands as she poured some water onto a cloth and then lightly dabbed at the torn flesh carefully. It was a minor pain compared to what he was used to. "You're too sympathetic." "For a Sith?" She asked, pressing just a bit harder to prove a point. "For a Jedi." He corrected and she lifted her gaze to meet his. "You're too emotional. If you want to become one... you have to learn to control yourself." "Speak for yourself." She pressed her lips together in a thin line and pulled his other glove off to clean the other side. Getting the sand out of a wet wound wasn't easy. "I never became a Jedi. How can I?" "You're a Sith. Right." "No." He didn't want to be called that. It wasn't quite right. Snoke was something else entirely. Though what that was he was not sure. He had thought whatever it was would bring balance to The Force and end the chaos, but now he wasn't so sure. He snatched the cloth from her with one hand and with the other he grabbed her by the chin and tilted her head up. "What are you-" "It works both ways." His words were nearly as whisper as he raised a brow and glanced at the dried blood near her temple. She had almost forgotten about that, but he must have been plagued with her headache as well. Her wound was more concerning than his own as it was a head wound, but he did not voice it. Didn't need to. As lightly as he could he dabbed at the spot with the cloth and Rey thought... that the touch was so gentle that he could not possibly be a Sith. No Sith could ever be as gentle as that. They were the real monsters as they had no kindness to give. Then she realized with a sense of dread that this was a glimpse of Ben Solo. Or what was left. What he hadn't managed to kill. What Snoke hadn't managed to kill. In a moment of weakness she thought that... this time she wanted to protect this warmth. His eyes shifted to meet hers briefly. A loud thunk of something above that struck their shelter brought her back to reality. None of that was possible. She brushed his hand away and stood up to make her way across to the other side where she had slept so many nights. There was nothing else that they could do until the storm passed and she decided that rest would make the journey back easier. All she had intended was to get some rest, but she suddenly found herself right back where she started. Here in this old AT-AT she called home, listening to the violent sandstorm outside, over thinking because of how quiet it was and ultimately unable to sleep. She turned over in her bed and bit her lip. She closed her eyes and tried to picture the ocean. It had been something that had calmed her before she hoped it would now. But... There was one big difference. She was not completely alone and left to her thoughts. This time she had company. She turned over and glanced at him and found that he was still sitting there in the same place he had been before, knees pulled up to his chest while he was lost somewhere deep in his own thoughts. He looked like a lost child. He may be much older than she was, but only in body. He was still just a child. He had never really grown up. "It gets cold at night in the desert." She broke the silence and his only reaction was to raise a brow, but he did not move nor look at her. "I have extra blankets for the colder nights... you should take one." Despite her words he did not make a single move to come and get a blanket. He merely stayed where he was, motionless and deadpan. Rey huffed and turned over again, facing away from him to try and get some sleep. She hoped that the sandstorm was going to let up soon. The less time she had to spend trapped in here with him the better. Chapter 6 : Sandstorm Summary: The power of a glance has been so much abused in love stories, that it has come to be disbelieved in. Few people dare now to say that two beings have fallen in love because they have looked at each other. Yet it is in this way that love begins, and in this way only. Victor Hugo The sandstorm continued on just as predicted and persisted on into the next day. The howling and screeching winds were occasionally joined by loud bangs against the durasteel of the rotting giant as various objects were swept up in the high speed winds and thrown about like nothing. They were nothing in the face of this powerful storm. Furious, raging, unpredictable. Similar to The Force. Similar to him. He had not slept. It was obvious from the way his eyes darkened, but that was his loss. When the storm ended he would just have to march out exhausted. She could normally feel his emotions, but now it was a blank slate. He had shut down to a great degree... or he had learned to shut her out. If she were to push she could get in, but she did not want to be like Kylo Ren and force her way into someone's personal thoughts. "How long?" He asked, lips curling up on one side. A perfect picture of a snarling wolf. He was so impatient and agitated. "I already told you. It could last for days." Rey responded carefully, waiting for him to explode and break something. "Then-..." Taking a deep breath he forced himself to calm down. He knew losing his temper with her would not benefit him. "You should meditate on The Force in that case." "I don't want to learn from you." Rey insisted. "Fine! Be that way!" He growled in irritation and crossed his arms over his chest as he turned his back on her. Rey groaned and pressed a hand over her eyes. He was such a child. Had he really thought she was going to learn anything from him and risk exposing herself to the darkside? The darkside was a terrible thing and she wanted nothing to do with it. She wondered why he insisted so much on teaching her. What was it he wanted her to learn so badly? How to be evil like him so he wouldn't have to be alone? That was part of it. He just didn't want to be alone anymore. These thoughts were cut short by bigger concerns once the lantern went out it was was pitch black inside their shelter. "Not now..." She whispered quietly and carefully inched towards where the lantern had been, but the darkness made it difficult. She had no idea where she was going. "He had a bad habit of not replacing the power cells." He stated in the darkness and then she heard the shift of fabric as he moved and she wasn't sure if she should begin to worry. "Hand it here." "You said the power cell is dead... if you're right there is no fixing it." Rey finally got her hands on it and tapped the side several times, hoping to get something out of it. Being stuck in the dark would make this stay much more unpleasant than it needed to be. "No. Hand it here." He repeated, growing impatient. "Fine." She tossed it towards his voice, partially hoping that it would hit him in the head and maybe knock a little sense into him. From the sound, or lack there of... there was no such luck. The Force was on his side after all. "What do you plan to-" She was cut off at the sudden blue spark of light, once, twice, a third time and then the light returned leaving her to eye him wearily. "There." "How did you do that?" "You said you didn't want to learn from me." When he didn't answer the way she wanted she searched his mind and watched him scowl in response as he felt her pressing around his thoughts. Persistent. "Force Lightning? That really would have been useful in the past." Rey sighed as she thought about all the times she'd needed the extra jolt of power but never had it. "But it's forbidden for the Jedi." "You have feelings for me." He stated very matter-of-factly and Rey glared at him as if he had insulted her somehow. He had in a way. How dare he use something like that to try and justify using the dark side of The Force. "This is also forbidden for a Jedi... and yet... you-" "It isn't my fault that you dug into my mind!" Rey defended. "Of all people why was it us to form a bond like this?" "Because you are not a Jedi... not yet... Jedi do not form such connections because of their discipline, but you had no such training... you were not guarded against it and ultimately because The Force is never wrong. This... what's between us. It's the will of The Force." A moment of silence passed and he tilted his head to the side in a way that reminded her of a puppy expecting a treat. Was he still really waiting for her to give in and ask him to be her teacher? But then these skills could be very useful. This one in particular. She thought perhaps he was right to a degree. There was a darkness in her that had allowed Snoke into her mind to tempt her to kill him on Starkiller, but she had not given into it. So long as she did not give into darkness it was fine wasn't it? "Fine... teach me then." "Don't tell Luke..." Rey scoffed at his words. "As if you're afraid of Luke." "No. But he will make sure I never teach you again." As he said this he made his way over to her, but he didn't stay within her line of sight. Instead he made his way behind her and set a hand over hers. "The only one who gets to decide who teaches me anything is me so I'd suggest you don't push your luck." She decided to give him a warning, because she was unsure of his true intentions. "I've finally gained the chance to teach you something what makes you think I would jump to ruin it?" His hand closed over hers and exhaled slowly. "You're so tense. Relax." "I'm training to become a Jedi... you're the Jedi Killer... relaxing under these circumstances is hardly easy." "I'm not going to kill you, Rey." He relaxed himself to try and rid her of her tension. "The Force is everywhere. The electricity... it's already there. In the air. All around. You just have to gather it." "Maybe this isn't a good idea... it's evil." She felt a little sensation deep in her stomach that she couldn't describe and wondered if this meant that she shouldn't be doing this. There was a moment of silence before he countered her argument. "No. None of the powers granted by the Force are inherently good or evil." Rey took a breath and tried to force herself to remain calm as difficult as that might be. She closed her eyes and searched thoroughly, catching his burning presence and the static in the air. There was so much life in The Force. It was everywhere. Overwhelmingly so. She could feel it just as he had said and she gathered it at her fingertips, but only a small spark appeared. It seemed... lacking. "That's force lightning?" "Mm. It's a facsimile." He took a step back from her. "The Jedi believe it is a manifestation of your anger and your hatred twisting the Force into an expression of your emotions and that those that use it reject compassion." "Is it?" "Did you use it in anger or hatred?" She frowned faintly and glanced down for a moment to consider his words. The more time she spent with him the more difficult it became to hate him as a monster, because he knew exactly how to explain himself, but she thought that perhaps this was just another trick of a Sith and he was trying to get her onto his side. "Is this a trick to turn me to the dark side?" She brought her gaze back up and met his eyes so that she could try and gauge if he was lying to her considering he was keeping her firmly locked out of his mind. "That doesn't benefit me in any way. I want you to join me by your own choice. Not based off of a deception." That was much more than what he had been given. All his life he was feed lies and deceptions and he had no intention of doing the same to her. This was where their conversation ended. She had nothing else to respond with. This situation. Him. It was just too complicated. The rest of the time went by in the same silence until she grew weary and decided it was time to rest. There was nothing else to do other than rest up for the journey back when the storm died down. Rey jolted awake at a sudden searing pain deep within in her side and quickly opened her eyes, expecting to find Kylo Ren there above her with his saber through her side, but he was not there and she was alone. She carefully glanced up towards the far end of the AT-AT and found him sitting there in front of the mirror with the light on and the top of his robes shed. It was hard to tell exactly what he was up to but she didn't trust him, not until she felt that pain again and watched as he doubled over and slammed a hand down into the sand. She felt it all at once. How very tired he was. The burn of his fever. The ache of his wound. It seemed that he had been been hiding it from her all this time. Within his mind that was now unguarded from exhaustion everything was exposed. He had been using the Force to suppress his fever. He had not defeated it. She should have suspected that no one, not even Kylo Ren could defeat a fever in a day. He was stronger than she gave him credit for. Strong enough to take that slash to the face, the one that trailed down his neck from his collarbone and then down his shoulder. She never realized how much damage she had done in the heat of the moment. She seemed to recall injuring his leg as well. She got up and approached him cautiously and once she was close enough she eyed the wound in his side. That blaster wound. Mostly healed from bacta, but he had not spent enough time to cure such a very deep wound and it had been reopened. Something else was wrong here. It shouldn't look that bad. "The Akk dog bit you..." She acknowledged and he jumped in surprise, having not been able to detect her through his pain. "Leave me alone..." "Just let me see-" "I said leave me alone!" He snapped and this only earned him another jolt of pain that had him curling into himself. "I for one don't feel like getting sick again because of you so I suggest you let me look after it." Her tone left no room for argument and his jaw dropped, giving away how genuinely surprised he was that she wouldn't back off and leave him alone even when he had taken such a tone with her. His temper had always been his go to when he wanted people to leave him alone and it had always worked, but she was having none of it. Stubborn. She was stubborn. He dropped his bloodied hand away from the wound in silent consent as he gritted his teeth and glanced away from her. She knew that he did not want the help, but this was not just for him. It was for her. She could not afford to grow ill through their bond if he went downhill from this. Rey sighed and opened a small compartment that she kept hidden supplies in case she were raided while she was out scavenging. It held limited medical supplies that she had gathered over time. "This weakness... must go..." He stated and brushed a hand over the injury, digging his fingers into the wound with a grimace. The tinge of pain was only half his pain, but she scowled at him and slapped his hand away from it. "Stop." She sat in front of him and took in the extent of the wound. It was obvious it had been deeper and healed to a degree, but the strain he had put on it only took him back several steps. It was almost as if... he didn't want it to heal. As if... this last reminder of Han Solo he wanted to stay. He did. It was on purpose. "I don't have access to bacta. So you'll have to just put up with this lowly primitive form of medicine." He scoffed at her as she poured water over the wound to clear it out and with a wince she took a hold of the sharp, white canine and pulled it free with some effort. The Akk dog tooth was a decent size and unfortunately was not alone. She had to pull two more because she reached back into her medical box and retrieved a needle and thread. "Are they poisonous?" "What?" His voice came across confused. "The Akk dogs... are they poisonous?" "No, but they like blood." It explained why they had gone for the wound. "I suppose you would have died by now if they were... you were already in bad shape." Threading the needle she considered the best way to go about this. He was not going to like this at all and she had to be careful that he didn't snap again. Taking a breath she brought it to the wound and pressed it into the skin and out the other side to begin the process of closing the wound up. His shoulders raised a little as he inhaled and held his breath. She was glad that it was not the reaction she was expecting. He was actually quite calm. She raised her gaze a moment when she felt a tinge of pain herself. "Sorry." He had been trying to suppress it within their bond so that she could work in peace, but he was slipping up now and then. This did not stop her from progressing and he realized that she must have been forced to tend her wounds like this multiple times and was used to the pain of a needle. Being a scavenger was dangerous. "You should teach me how to block you out instead." She said quietly as she carefully finished up and tied the ends up neatly from much experience. With a sigh Rey glanced back up at him. His body looked strong still despite being ill. She still recalled the years she watched him work very hard to make his body this strong. He would practice every day for hours. She had always admired how strong he was. It had made her feel safe back then, but now... not quite so much. She was afraid of him over powering her now with pure physical strength. She lifted her gaze up towards the mirror situated directly behind him and noticed in the reflection how torn his back was. She recognized these sort of scars. They were similar to the kind Nimma Outpost slaves had. Lightwhips were cruel inventions. It made her sick to the stomach to think about it. "You... you're no better than a slave." "I'm nobody's slave." He snapped and tensed up visibly. "Yes, you are. Why would you serve him if he treats you like that?" "The Supreme Leader is wise. He understands that with pain comes strength and that failure must be punished." "The 'Supreme Leader' lied to you." Rey snapped back and his jaw clenched tightly as a sprung bear trap, but it was not something he could refute. The Supreme Leader had lied to him. He had trusted him when he had nobody else and Snoke had lied. Just like everyone else. She didn't wait for him to say anything and taped a bandaged over the fresh stitches. "It will keep the sand out. Don't take it off and don't scratch at it anymore." "The Supreme Leader..." He groaned audibly and placed a hand over his eyes. It felt like he had slipped and fallen into a deep, dark hole and he couldn't find his way out of it. "Try and sleep..." She said carefully and decided to continue their game of avoidance. She could tell that he was in no mood for further conversation. They kept running into this brick wall it seemed. She made her way back to her bed and sank into it wearily. That should have been the end of it. It should have been easy to fall asleep, but here she was lost in thought when she should be sleeping. Rey glanced up at the ceiling... or... the side of durasteel that made up the ceiling... and tried to count the lines in it, but that did nothing to help. She rolled over carefully and tried to sleep on her side. This also was of no help. she closed her eyes and thought about the ocean, but it only reminded her of all the times she had done that before. All alone in this AT-AT in the middle of the desert waiting for her parents while she was left in agonizing loneliness. She wasn't alone now. With a bit of apprehension she turned over again and watched him from across the room. He had not moved from his place this entire time. It was too cold for this. She bit her lip as she added up her options. There were not many. It was just too cold. "It's cold." She voiced her thoughts and he only raised a brow without sparing a glance at her and she sighed deeply. "It's too cold." "And...?" "We'll freeze to death in the night." It was just fact. It had nothing to do with the fact that she couldn't sleep. "How exactly have you survived these cold nights on your own?" His voice came across as skeptical. "For one I never had to share my extra blankets with a stranger." This was also fact. If she had those she would be fine, but he would freeze if she took them. His wound would see to that. "I'm a stranger?" That was the word that he chose to focus on? It shouldn't have been such a big deal, but she felt it was. There was a certain sort of tinge she felt in regard to her words. It almost hurt, but this feeling was not her own. "Just... get over here." The silence took over again and she thought that he was just going to continue ignoring her and stay in his own corner as he had the night before, but he surprised her for once and grabbed the blankets he had and slowly made his way over to her. There was a moment he stopped inches from her and seemed to consider this. It did not last much longer as he draped the blankets over her. She sat up partially and eyed him wearily. Was he just going to walk away and get himself killed? It seemed that he was really considering it, but then he shifted onto the makeshift bed and made a face. It was hardly as comfortable as what he was used to, but he grabbed a corner of the blanket and settled himself in it. This left them in an even more awkward position than before as he turned his back to her so he didn't have to look at her. He didn't want to face her at all. That silence was back and she was beginning to hate it. "Where do you go?" "What?" His voice was filled with irritation this time. There were various things that he was angry about. "When you can't sleep at night... you know where I go... where do you go?" She knew that she should leave him alone. Turn around and try and sleep. Not engage him in conversation, but she couldn't stand the memories this place held. "I would have to show you." He took a breath and held it, considering his next move. "Do you want me to put you to sleep?" "This... isn't a trick?" "No... here..." He left his mind open to search his intent and found nothing other than a sincere want to help her find the rest that eluded her. He reached a hand out and lightly grazed her temple with the tips of his fingers and that was all it took. Rey found herself somewhere else entirely. It was a seemingly endless field of golden rye, gently swaying in the breeze and a hill with a single tree was the only thing to see. She slowly held out a hand and lightly brushed the soft ends of rye as she made her way up the hill and stopped beneath the tree. There in the distance there was an end. A deep, dark forest. Erie almost, but here was safe from there. Here was... beautiful. Here was familiar. She sensed his presence nearby, behind her, but she didn't turn. "You dreamed of the Academy when you couldn't sleep..." She remembered these fields and their time spent here as children. It was his safe place. "I never thought... your mind could go to such a beautiful place." "Almost." His whispered voice drew closer. "The darkness is always lingering." "But you managed to hold onto it." "If The Supreme Leader had learned of this place's existence..." A pause and then his eyes scanned over the dark forest. "He isn't here..." It was a sudden epiphany. "He...?" "He isn't here. He hasn't been... not since..." He didn't continue that sentence and instead sighed. "Enjoy your time here. It's quiet. Nothing unpleasant will pry it's way in. I promise." With that he left her to dream in peace. This was the least he could do. He was very familiar with sleepless nights and if he could change that for her he would. Snoke could frown upon his actions and his compassion, but Snoke was not here. He had abandoned him. Lied to him. He sighed quietly and pushed those thoughts far from his mind. It was just too much to comprehend at this time. Later a decision would have to be made he knew. A break in the road was coming. He lightly trailed his fingers along her cheek and then back up to brush her hair away from her eyes in sleep. Carefully he shifted and leaned over her partially, taking in her face and the peaceful expression there. He carefully drew his hand away and then pressed a gentle kiss to her cheek. A brief exchange that she would never know about. "Sleep well, Rey..." His voice just barely above a whisper. He turned his back to her then and curled into himself to try and gain the rest that he himself needed to keep up with the journey they were to undertake. Rey awoke to silence. Silence. She sat up and glanced towards the ceiling and waited for something. Anything, but there was nothing. Not a sound. That must mean the storm had finally passed and they could leave. She quickly got up and went to the door, pushing the heavy durasteel open to find that outside was clear. The storm had finally passed. "We can leave." She informed, but she received no answer and glanced back at him. He hadn't moved from that spot yet. In fact he hadn't moved all night. For a moment she stood there, watching, holding her breath as she waited to see if he was still breathing or if he had died during the night from his wounds. "Ben?" But then no. She realized that had he died she would have undoubtedly felt an emptiness somewhere inside of her, because she felt his presence so clearly within herself that she knew that he was okay. She wouldn't say fine. He was still sick and he was wasting his energy trying to suppress his illness with the force. He couldn't keep doing it or he was going to die. A low sigh left him. Irritated if she didn't know any better. "Leave me here." "What?" "Leave me. I already know that if I should go back with you... you'll hand me over to the resistance." "You won't survive out here. Not with a wound like that. You don't have a choice." Rey responded uneasily. She didn't want to have to fight him again. A moment of silence before he slowly shifted and stood up. She was relieved that she wouldn't have to fight him over this. It wouldn't be a pleasant battle. She gathered up the bag and the parts they needed and there on the shelf the rag doll. The rebel pilot from her parents. The one that Ben had saved for her. Maybe there was something good left in him. They started the trek back across the desert towards their ship. It seemed to take forever because he was wounded and he was trailing behind a bit. She had to stop and wait every now and then for him to catch up. Of course she could tell he absolutely hated that she had to stop for him, but he didn't say a word. Finally they arrived at the Falcon and she hurried up the ramp with the parts. "I have what we need." "Well done, Rey." Luke came around the corner on a set of crutches with his leg securely bandaged up with the aid of his wookie friend. It made her grimace a bit. The strong, powerful and fearless Luke was like a crippled old man now. For some strange reason she felt a tinge of hurt in her chest at seeing him like that. She wondered if that meant that Luke was beyond being able to teach her. If he couldn't teach her then... how would she learn? As if on cue Ben stumbled through the door and he immediately dropped down onto the couch and let out a breath. "I'm going to get to work on those repairs." Rey informed and Chewie offered her some help, which she gratefully accepted. She would feel much better if he would help when he knew the most about this freighter. "Look at you... you're old and broken... even like this... I could beat you and make my escape." Ben stated in a low tone. "I'll return to my master..." "Ben..." Luke began. "Has Snoke really groomed and manipulated so well into thinking that he genuinely cares about you? You heard what Rey said. She can't lie through your bond so you know it to be true. The second there was a stronger force sensitive he thought he could manipulate Snoke was completely willing to sacrifice you. What does that say for your future with him?" When Ben stood Luke prepared himself for him to lose his temper and break something, but instead of that Ben stormed off past him into the ship somewhere he could be alone. Artoo let out a sad little beep. "Try now." Rey called across the ship as she adjusted the piece and then stepped back a safe distance while Chewie made an attempt to start up the Falcon. Unfortunately the it only sputtered a little and Rey let out a sigh. Of course. She should have suspected it was going to take more than that to fix. This freighter was old after all. Just as she was about to return to her work she sensed that familiar burn nearby and quickly glanced towards the doorway. Ben stood there as awkwardly as ever and slowly approached the engines. He raised a hand and flipped a switch on and then off again and that was all it took for the ship to roar to life. "Still a piece of garbage..." He muttered under his breath. "That was it? You just had to turn it off and back on again?" Rey was a little dumbfounded that actually worked. Chewie started the ship and with a shuddery start it took off safely away from the ditch. "Well... the next option was to kick it." His lips quirked up faintly. A small smile that didn't quite reached his eyes. But fixing this piece of trash was hardly what he was here for. Instead he made his way over to a hatch and opened it up to retrieve a box. He opened it up to reveal a few bottles. "What's that?" Rey questioned him cautiously as she took a step closer. "Kolto." He responded as lifted his shirt up and bit into it to hold it with his teeth and keep his hands free to opened up one of the bottles. He dipped his fingers into it to gather up a liberal amount then pressed it deeply into the torn and jagged wound on his side. "You already ripped out the stitches?" It was frustrating to her and even more so when his only reply was a non-committal grunt. She reached over and snatched the bottle from his hand which only served to irritate him further, but he relented and released the shirt and held it up with a hand instead. "Is it like bacta?" "Sort of." He grimaced and shivered a little when he felt her hands apply the cold substance against his wound. Much more carefully than he had, but he didn't want a careful touch he needed the pain. "Kolto is a natural. Bacta is a synthesized." "Does this work better?" She asked. "Some people think so..." Despite the fact that he had been working on a mental border she could tell exactly what his thoughts were. It was in the way he clenched his fist and the way his jaw tightened. It was building until it poured over. "Stop... stop taking care of me." "You're forgetting that we share this bond. If you hurt I hurt. Like it or not." She glanced towards the box and noticed smaller packets. Clean bandages. She grabbed one and tore it open to apply this to his side next. "I know why you're doing it... but punishing yourself... making it hurt for your father dying... it doesn't change anything." "I thought we agreed to stay out of each others head." He snarled and pulled away from her to get to his feet and create distance. "Would you like it if I pry into yours again?" "Try it. You're not the only one that can build walls." Rey was so confident that his expression faltered and he seemed completely shocked that she had become so sure of herself. He had no idea what to respond to that with. "I heard you... talking to Luke... you'll really go back to Snoke?" "You both make it seem as if I'm a child being forced to act. I made a choice." The last thing he wanted was for them to pretend that he had not chosen this for himself. "Under false pretenses. Even though you know that Snoke was pretending to be your grandfather all along you're still going to... to return to him? He wanted me to kill you and take your place." "I can't go back. It's too late for me." "Do you want to go back?" "I don't know what I want." His voice broke despite himself and he glanced away from her, but not before she caught the glint of tears building in the corners of his eyes. This conflict inside of him was destroying him. "Just come home..." She knew it wasn't going to be that easy, but he didn't argue with her like she thought he might. Instead he just looked defeated. Like he had completely given up any fight that might have been in him. "Okay." A reluctant answer, but he knew he had little choice. Deep down he knew that one way or another it was over. Everything that he had believed in had come crumbling down all over again. He had little choice in the matter, but there was one thing that he did know even through all of this. He would never come to call the Republic home ever again. The ship gave a jolt suddenly. They had company again. Those bounty hunters didn't give up easily, but then again on a bounty that large who would give up easily? As a scavenger Rey knew that she could never pass up a chance on a piece of scrap that was worth a week's portion. With that thought in mind she quickly turned and hurried to the cockpit to try and figure out exactly what was going on and if she could help. "You might want to take a seat." Luke gave her the warning just as the ship jolted once more in Chewie's attempt to avoid a few shots aimed to disable the ship. "Oh. We'll have to go through. We can't risk them following us to the resistance base, but it will be dangerous..." Rey glanced up to find the reason for Luke worry. A thick asteroid field in front of them. It seemed impossible to get through. At least for the average person. "I can get through it." Ben's voice came from the entrance and all eyes turned towards him in disbelief. "How can I trust you won't fly us back into First Order territory?" Luke asked. "I think Chewie would rip my arms off before I had a chance." He responded and Luke nodded in acceptance of the answer. He set a hand on Rey's shoulder as he passed her to the pilot's seat. "Strap in, kid this rid is going to get bumpy." Rey was not convince of his piloting skills and so she wasted no time quickly strapping herself into the seat. She could probably make it through that, but he might have more experience flying than she did. She would relent just this once. His comment made no difference to her, but it had Luke raising a brow. For him it was almost like a memory from the past. "I hope you know what you're doing." Luke commented. "I find your lack of faith disturbing, uncle." Ben remarked dryly, before exhaling and pushing forward the throttle. He knew he could do this. He knew he could get them out of this mess of a situation. Despite the risk the bounty hunters were daring and they took the risk of following them in after only a slight hesitation. The chase was on and he jerked the controls to the side to move around a group of rock which was promptly blasted apart by a few rockets that had been intended for their engines. It was a small success because the bounty hunters had to deal with the broken chunks slamming into the hull of their ship, but ultimately they got out of it and kept on their tail. It was a high risk. "Ben..." Luke inhaled sharply when they narrowly missed being completely smashed between two rocks. "I could sleep my way through it." He responded just as he cut the engines. Chewie let out a cry, Artoo screeched and Rey covered her eyes with her hands. "BEN!" "I've got it." He quickly reached over and slammed a hand down on the hyper-drive and the next thing visible was the sudden jolt of the Falcon somehow narrowly avoiding the hunk of rock moving into the line of view which had successfully cut off the bounty hunter ships from getting a line on them. That was it. They had made it through and successfully prevented the bounty hunters from following them. Although it was incredibly reckless to activate hyper-drive in the middle of an asteroid field he had somehow successfully done it. There was a moment of silence and then for some inexplicable reason Luke threw back his head and started laughing. It was contagious and soon enough all them were laughing at the ridiculousness of the situation... and at how they had beat the odds. A peaceful, humorous moment among a fast paced moving world was rare, but this was one of those moments. It was this moment that made Rey realize that this was what she had been missing. Her parents might be dead, but this was her family. these people. It also made her realize how much she wanted him back. She wanted him to come back to their family. She wanted him to fight by her side, because if she didn't have to do all of this alone... if she could do this with him at her side... maybe she wouldn't be so scared. As if sensing those thoughts he briefly glanced back at her. An unspoken exchange. Yes. He did know but instead of saying anything he slowly stood up and left the cockpit. It left Chewie to take over piloting. They would be at the resistance base soon... and then she was unsure of what was going to happen to him. Surely nothing good. There was nothing to do other than to sleep through the trip and so she stood up and retired for the rest of the trip.