The moment Ben set the toolbox on the kitchen counter, Hux knew from that point on that everything would go downhill. "Ben," Hux starts, "That thing isn't even broken. It's just a crooked screw." A crooked screw that caused some disturbing squeaking, yes, but that didn't mean Ben had to buy a whole new set of cabinet doors. Yet here he is, ripping off the first victim of this kitchen renovation from its hinges. He turns to Hux, screw in hand. "You know I know you hate these cabinets. Like, you hate them so much that even I think I hate them," Ben points to a box of screws on the island counter top. "Which is why I'm changing them. Can you hand those over?" Hux leans over to pass them over to Ben. With furrowed brows, and with an attitude that he appoints to Ben about half the time, he retorts, "Okay, but you could have just repainted them. Like white or something." "Like white..." Ben deadpans. Ben hates white. Well, not really. He prefers all those earthy tones that ooze organic and natural, whatever the hell that means. Hux throws his hands up. "Or something! Honestly, Ben sometimes—" he puts a finger up to correct himself, "actually, most of the time it is really dark in here. White would open up this room substantially." "I mean," Ben replies, "not really . White cabinets won't make room for my grandpa's urn, but whatever." Hux grimaces. That damn urn. It always somehow finds its way into every argument that occurs between him and Ben, including ones that gave that urn no opportunity to be apart of but somehow still managed to be brought up. Hux didn't care if Mr. Skywalker sacrificed himself for the greater good. He just wanted to be away from that thing, but he can't. It's the centerpiece of the house with its well-lit case framing it. Even so, frequent one-on-one conversations were held between Ben and the urn as if he was a medium, and occasionally he'd invite Hux to talk with his grandfather. It was odd. Sometimes interesting, but Hux would never admit it. Actually, if Ben really was a medium, then that would clarify many things Hux had wondered about him, but he kept those thoughts at the back of his head. He thought about him a little too often than he'd like. Like now, he catches himself. So Hux turns away to the sofa in the adjoining living room. Ben notices and stops unscrewing a hinge. "Wait, Hux, don't go." "Too late. I'm tired," he falls face first into the cushion. Ben whines, "But I need help..." Hux mocks him. He hears the creak of the ladder followed by quick and heavy footsteps. Maybe Ben is going to get more tools or something, but the steps get closer to him instead. Then suddenly he's being crushed by Ben's bony bottom. "Ben, stop!" Hux yells, albeit muffled. "You've done nothing today!" Ben bounces on Hux's back. "All you do is eat and sleep! Get a fuckin' job—!" "There's no manager positions open—ow!— around here and I am no-not moving!" Hux struggles to say. He manages to turn over to his side and push Ben off to the floor, exasperated and done. "Damn it, Ben, you could have killed me." Ben rolls his eyes. "Nothing can kill you. You're soulless as it is and that guarantees your immortality," he pauses, and pushes himself off of the ground, "unfortunately." A scoff leaves Hux's mouth before he throws a pillow at Ben's back. When it does, Ben turns around startled and slightly enraged, this time a grimace on his face. At first, Hux is confused, because why is he looking at me like that? Then it clicks. Ben's too obsessed with his grandfather's urn. What the hell , Hux thinks. "Can you be careful!?" He picks up the pillow and flings it back at Hux's face. "You could break the urn!" Which was sitting prettily and safely on a deep shelf of Hux's mother's bookcase. On the other side of the house. There's a million things Hux wants to yell at Ben with. Instead, with half-lidded eyes, he barely manages to say, "Are you fucking kidding me right now." He feels like he's been saying, or at least thinking, something along the lines of that for quite some time. He knows why, but he doesn't want to fight it. If he fights it, he'll lose the one things he wants. Ben huffs out a "No" and turns away, head low and fists clenched. I can't deal with this , Hux thinks, so he turns inwards to the couch and naps. • A high pitched bzzzzzzzz! wakes Hux up from his nap and he snaps his eyes open. He rolls his body out towards the edge of the couch, forgetting who he is, where he is, and when it is. Oh shit , he panics. The room he's in seems familiar, but it's darker now, and the ceiling fan he thinks he sees everyday also feels foreign. Then Ben's deep voice shakes him when it shouldn't, and suddenly he's back in their house. Hux whips his head around towards the light, and he wishes he didn't because now his neck is stiff. Ben sets his big drill down, raising a brow at Hux who is massaging his nape. "It's past dinner time and there's no food, Hux. I'm hungry." Ben grins back at Hux, who is blinking the sleep out of his eyes. "Then, uh, I don't know. Haven't you cooked before?" Hux yawns. He felt like a mummy moving his limbs for the first time in a millennium, except it's like that every time he wakes up. He needs to stop curling into himself when he sleeps. Ben's grin turns into pursed lips and Hux knows he's in for another half-assed guilt trip. But he doesn't have the tolerance right now to handle that, and before Ben can bitch and moan about being a klutz, Hux has delivery on dial. He looks over with one eye open at Ben, "Cheesy crust?" And a grin blossoms back onto Ben's face. Hux tries to look away. "Yes, please," Ben sings. What a child , Hux thinks, but he revels in silence about it. Notes: I post my drafts on my sideblog @fuckdatboi Also this is my first fic so any constructive criticism is welcome through pm/dm