It had been three months since Hux last saw the Alpha Kylo Ren. Three months since Hux's spontaneous heat that they shared together after Hux's brief stint without suppressants. Kylo had gone to his training with Snoke and Hux had stayed on the Finalizer to complete his duties as General. He tried not to dwell on it too much. He had a job to do; picking up the pieces after Starkiller base's spectacular failure and wiping out as much of the resistance that surfaced in the wake of their victory over the First Order. It meant Hux was busy around the clock, and without Kylo there he did not have to face what had happened between them. He couldn't deny that things were different, even with the distance. As the days became hours until they reached the small planet on the outskirts of the galaxy where Ren was, Hux was becoming anxious. He paced around the bridge more than was needed and triple checked reports and incoming orders. When he was in front of any reflective surface he checked his appearance to make sure everything was in order, and hells, even he was aware he was acting neurotic. He shouldn't be acting like this, like a pining omega. It was uncharacteristic of him, someone who prided themselves on their carefully created Alpha persona. As he stood in front of the transparisteel and watched the planet slowly come into view, he felt nervous, and it had nothing to do with meeting with Supreme Leader Snoke in person. "Sir?" Phasma said as she came up beside him, her modulated voice raising in concern. "Is everything alright? You seem...tense." "Meeting the Supreme leader after all our failures will not be pleasant." He said simply. "We have made progress. Many fractions of the rebellion have been taken out; quelling many sympathizers from taking action." Phasma added, pleased. "Yes well, let's hope our Leader has your enthusiasm." Phasma hummed at Hux's curt response. "Does this have anything to do with Lord Ren?" Hux bristled at her words. "Careful what you are implying, Phasma." He said darkly, turning to glare at her chrome helmet. "I mean no disrespect, sir. I am only saying...it isn't quite a secret you two Alphas don't get along. I would understand why you would be hesitant to meet him again." Hux gave a small smile. "Yes, he can be quite...insufferable." With that, Hux turned his back to her, heading to the docking bay. -------- Hux stood at attention outside of Snoke’s throne room, waiting to be called in. He knew Snoke was waiting for Ren before calling them in, and it was making Hux more uncomfortable. He was hoping to meet Ren in the presence of Snoke, to avoid having an awkward confrontation with the Alpha. It seemed fate was not on his side lately. Wrapping his greatcoat around himself, he felt a spike of nervous energy bubbling up to the surface as he heard Kylo's footsteps from around the corner, the Alpha's musky scent reaching his nostrils. Kylo swept through the halls, his new cape billowing dramatically behind him. He would need to have the hem raised as it was too easily caught. In fact he wished he could simply use his old cowl. Unfortunately Snoke was displeased with it all and Kylo was forced to dispose of it. Clearing his mind of such thoughts he strode around the corner, just beginning to pay attention once more, nearly knocking into Hux as he waited outside the door of Snoke's throne room. "General." he said, trying to hide his surprise. Of course the General was here. Snoke would want to discuss his earlier failure and what he had done since. And of course he smelled infuriatingly like an Alpha again. "Missed me?" he asked cheekily, already knowing the answer. "You think to much of yourself." Hux huffed in response, raising his chin to look up at Kylo. He despised that the Alpha was taller than him and was forced to tilt his head up to meet his eyes. Hux didn't even get the satisfaction of seeing his face, unfortunately, as Kylo was wearing his absurd helmet. Hux tried to hold back the fluttering feeling in his stomach at seeing Kylo again. He did not need Snoke picking up on his feelings when they went to meet him. It would not benefit them and only complicate matters. Despite this, his thoughts briefly flickered to their last encounter, causing him to fluster slightly. Behind the mask Kylo raised an eyebrow. "Really General?" Kylo admonished as stepped closer, crowding into the General's space. While he could no longer say hated the man he didn't quite feel affection either. All the same it was pleasing to see how much of an effect his presence had on the other. "Keep your thoughts together. It'll make things much easier." "I can handle my mind just fine." Hux bit back. He had gotten this far without any incident, and would continue to do so. Hux glared at Kylo's mask, which was now inches from his face. The Alpha was practically looming over him, his scent overpowering Hux's flat artificial Alpha one. Hux pulled his greatcoat tighter around himself and stood his ground. He would not let Kylo intimidate him. "Are you ready, Lord Ren? It would be unwise of us to keep the Supreme Leader waiting." He said evenly, arms crossed in front of his chest. Kylo laughed, happy to be back to their game once more. It was refreshing after months of silence and only Snoke for company. While it was all simply part of his training he couldn't help but feel some regret for what he would lose. Straightening he stepped around Hux, "The Supreme Leader is nothing if not patient." he assured, opening the door to the throne room with the force. He was becoming stronger with it, more precise. Before long his training would be complete and the resistance would fall. Hux picked up his step, refusing to trail behind the knight. The room was, to no surprise to Hux, large and dark. Shadows seemed to creep out of nowhere and encompass the room, and the only light source was two torches with an eerie blue flame affixed on each side of the throne. Hux did not know much about Sith lore or the force, but even he felt a chill as they walked; as if all the warmth was being drained from his body. Hux had never meet Snoke in person, only ever through his massive holo projection. He could see why the dark side was to be feared, if Snoke's presence was any indication. Even with his small frail body, the man had a terrifying way to him, and the dark shadows of the room only helped to make the Supreme Leader look like something from a nightmare. Stopping in front of the Throne, Hux knelt down and lowered his head. "Supreme Leader, it is an honor to be in your presence at last." Hux noticed no change in the scent of the room- just Kylo and himself. If the Supreme Leader was Alpha, Beta, or Omega, Hux could not tell. He had never meet anyone without a scent, and found it disconcerting. Even in front of him, Snoke was still cloaked in as much mystery as he was power. Glancing over at Kylo from where he knelt, his eyes widened slightly at seeing the Knight still standing, as if that was something he could just do when greeting the Supreme Leader. Snoke seemed to take no offence to it, however, and waved a small hand at Hux to allow him to stand. Standing, Hux looked over at Kylo and gave the man a death glare, hoping the Knight could sense how angry he was at Kylo's blatant disrespect. If he could tell Hux was mad, he made no indication of it, facing forward and paying no mind to the General. "Supreme Leader," Hux began to say, making sure not to let his voice waver, "We have been making fast progress in shutting down the resistance. Sympathisers are being dealt with as soon as appear and the First Order is-" "I have no need for your report, General. That is not why I have summoned you here." Snoke said dismissively, causing Hux to stare back at the floor submissively. If he could not talk about his success over the past few months, well, it could only mean Snoke was finally going to address Hux's massive failure with Starkiller base. If Hux was honest, he was surprised the Supreme Leader waited this long to punish him. Hux was shocked he had remained alive this long. Snoke turned his head away from Hux, his attention now on Kylo for the first time since they entered the room. "Tell me, Leader of the Knight's of Ren, what do you think of the General?" Snoke said lazily. Hux looked forward and refused to look at Kylo. Of course Snoke would want to embarrass him by having Kylo recite Hux's failures. This entire meeting was probably a show, an amusing training practice for Ren; to have him kill Hux right then and there in front of Snoke. Hux stood rigidly, his hands behind his back as he concentrated on not becoming terrified. He would not let the smell of fear be the last thing remembered about him. No, instead he concentrated on his breathing as Kylo responded. Kylo remained silent for a moment, mulling over what exactly Snoke wanted to hear. It was quite possible that Snoke had brought Hux here to answer for his failure, but this seemed elaborate. If he wanted Hux dead he would have sent him on a suicide mission shortly after he dropped Kylo off and he could see no real benefit to having Kylo do it himself. That simply meant that there was something else that Snoke had in mind. Something far more sinister more likely. Kylo reached out to Hux, prodding his mind gently. He was terrified, but doing a good job hiding the fact. He couldn't think of any other reason for him to be here other than death and rightfully so. A small, more sympathetic part of Kylo wanted to reach out to comfort the man, to reassure him, but the feeling was brief and barely noticed. He couldn't allow such trivial feelings. Not now. Not ever. "While the loss of the Starkiller base is grave I believe the General has more than earned his position. His methods are efficient and they provide results. The troops respect him. They know the consequences of failure and work harder for it. We would be hard pressed to find a suitable replacement without losing ground to the Resistance." His words were clipped and to the point as he held Snoke's gaze. Very few dared even to speak his name, but Kylo held no fear of him. After all, he had nothing to hide. Hux couldn't believe what he was hearing. Kylo had no reason not to speak ill of him. Even with the shared heat, the two of them still harbored a deep hate and rivalry for each other. Kylo's praise caught him so off guard he had to stop himself from turning to the Alpha with shock on his face. Keeping control of himself, he kept his military posture and kept his eye's on Snoke instead. It didn't matter what Kylo said anyway. If the Supreme Leader had decided on Hux's death, there was nothing Kylo could say to change his mind. Snoke was not known to be forgiving or merciful. "I see." Snoke replied, leaning forward and gripping the armrests of his throne. "Your praise for the General is admirable. Have you gone soft in the presence of Omegas? I thought such base emotions were behind you by now." Snoke said with amusement in his voice. This time Hux couldn't hold back the rush of terror that ran through him. Did Kylo tell Snoke about his gender? The Supreme Leader would no doubt be displeased at Hux's lies. There was no way he got out of this now with a quick death. No, he would be tortured for his betrayal to the First Order. An Omega disguised as an Alpha was a high crime against the Order. It was taking all of his strength not to collapse on the floor. He had disgraced his family name, would be seen as a criminal in the eyes of the First order, and would be tortured to death for his deceit. "Supreme Leader I-" he started to say, only to be cut off once again. "Do not spill your lies in my presence, Omega. Know your place and control your feelings. The stench of fear is disgusting." Hux nodded and averted his gaze, focusing all effort on not becoming sick. The torture, the death sentence; were nothing compared to the thought of being branded a traitor to the Order he devoted his entire life too. "Kylo," Snoke said, ignoring Hux momentarily. "Darth Vader, your grandfather, did much for the dark side. He was a powerful sith, and that power runs through your veins. If you die, do you know what that means?" Kylo bristled at Snoke's words, "I feel nothing for him, Supreme Leader, but my dislike should not-" Snoke cut him off with a sharp wave of his hand and Kylo raised his chin defiantly as Snoke returned his attention to Hux. Of course Snoke would find out about Hux's gender. He was honestly surprised that Hux truly believed he could have kept it hidden for so long. Nothing could be hidden from Snoke in the end. Behind his mask he watched Hux as he fought with every ounce of his being to remain in control. Unconsciously he started to reach out with his mind to offer some comfort, but quickly snapped back once he realized his mistake. Returning his attention to Snoke he ground his teeth. "Yes, Supreme leader." his skin itched as he realized what he was implying, "Surely there are more suitable-" "Enough." Snoke replied harshly. "You will do as I ask. A vision had appeared to me, a vision of a powerful force user being produced from your union. I believe the child will be the key to finally defeating the Jedi." Snoke turned his gaze back on Hux, who was visibly starting to tremble now. "You have disgraced the First Order, failed me after being given a weapon more than capable of crushing the rebellion, and stand here in your artificial Alpha scent believing you can deceive me. Do you take me for a fool General?" Hux knelt back down on the floor, letting his greatcoat fall behind him. "I would never believe myself intelligent enough to deceive you, Supreme Leader." He rasped, keeping his head down as he spoke. "You will not fail me again, General. You will birth Lord Ren's heir, or you will be executed. If you can not complete this simple task, I will have you begging for death." Snoke said, his voice rising dangerously. "You may keep your rank of General for now, until I see no further use for you or find a real Alpha worthy of taking your place." Leaning back in his throne, he added. "Both of you may leave. I expect this task to be completed in a timely manner." Hux stood, picking up his coat and bowing before turning and hastily leaving the room. If Kylo was behind him, he paid no notice. Turning through the twisted halls, he rushed to the nearest balcony and leaned over its edge, throwing up. Gripping the railing as the shaking in his body slowly subsided, Hux wiped his mouth with his sleeve before collapsing on the floor. He was allowed to live. But at a great cost; it would have been better if Snoke had just murdered him right there. There was more dignity in that. Hux carded his hands through his ginger hair, grimacing at the taste of vomit lingering in his mouth. He would lose all respect from his crew once the truth was unveiled. He was being forced to be bred by Ren, a man he could barely stand, all for some vague vision the Supreme Leader had. For once, Hux didn't know what to do next. ---------------- Kylo gritted his teeth, willing himself to remain calm as he swept out of the throne room behind Hux. Unlike the General he was seething with anger. If he died Vader's line would die with him. If he died. After all he has done to get to this point death would not come easily. He would not allow it. And yet Snoke had little enough faith in him that he believed an heir was needed. Or perhaps this was Snoke's way of replacing him. After all, Kylo played a hand in the loss of the Starkiller base. He needed to meditate. He needed to think. How could a powerful heir be born from their union? Yes, Hux was a great General and a strong soldier, but he had no inclination towards the force. Compared to Kylo, Hux was nothing. Omega or Alpha, it changed nothing. His fingers twitched, but his lightsaber was back in his quarters as there was no need to be armed in Snoke's castle. Somewhere Hux was throwing up. Terrified. Defeated. No, there had to be a way around this. Turning in the opposite direction Hux had taken Kylo went off to mediate. Chapter 2 Summary: Kylo and Hux have a confrontation. Plans are made. Notes: Trigger warning: Mentions of suicide in this chapter After his shameful panic attack back at the Throne room and subsequent sickness on the balcony, Hux had went straight back to the Finalizer and to his quarters. Kylo was still on the planet somewhere, as far as Hux knew, and he didn't care. The Knight would board the ship when ready. Kylo was probably celebrating at finally having Hux defeated in their ongoing rivalry and the thought of impregnating him with his powerful heir. Hux tried to toss the thoughts from his mind and focused on taking a hot shower in an attempt to wash away the disgust he felt for himself. As the water ran over him he felt some of the tension leave his body, only to return when he reached for his scent neutralizing soap out of habit. He could keep up the facade a little longer, keep covering his Omega scent until he could absolutely hide it no longer, but it would just be delaying the inevitable. Better to come out now and have time to adjust than later and have to deal with a rioting crew while he was also pregnant. Setting the soap down, he picked up his shampoo and continued his shower, thinking about his work he had left to do for the day and not how his subordinates were going to react. Once out of the shower he stood in front of the mirror by the sink, his hand trailing over the bottle of Alpha cologne sitting there mockingly. He often wished he could will his gender to change, that if he just thought hard enough, acted Alpha enough, he would be an Alpha. It was a fantasy of course, one he knew would never come true, but the thought had always comforted him. Grabbing the bottle he poured it down the sink, watching the amber liquid swirl down the drain. He felt different, as he dressed himself and straightened his outfit repeatedly. He wasn't used to his own scent. It felt foreign; an intrusive smell that stunk up his whole body. When he was in the throes of his heat he hadn't dwelled on it, but now, alone in his room three months later, he found the smell disgusting. It was sweet and light, and not at all a representation of his rank and status. In just a few short hours, his life had spiraled into chaos. Everything he worked for was on the verge of being taken away, and worse, he would be knocked up in a few short weeks. Hux never thought of himself as a coward, but he couldn't bring himself to leave his room. Leaving felt to final. It would make everything real; the situation he was in and the fate he was doomed to. So instead he delayed a little longer, ignoring his PDD and working on reports at his desk while he worked up the courage to leave his fucking room. --------------- In the quiet of his mind Kylo tried to make peace with what he would have to do. Not only would he have to have sex with the General, but he would have to bond with the man. He would have to merge everything that he was with Hux in mind, body and soul. And once the child was born? What then? The obvious answer was that Snoke would have Hux killed to break any ties Kylo would have. To shatter him so completely that he could ascend even Snoke. After all, that's why he was training. To take Snoke's place. To further his reach. But was he strong enough to survive this? Back on the Finalizer Kylo was nearly overcome by the cacophony of noise in his mind. Someone had seen Hux, seen the state he was in, and had spread the gossip like wildfire. They knew Kylo answered directly to Snoke, as did Hux, and so they could only speculate what they had seen meant. Seeing the General stressed and in disarray was definitely gossip worthy to the crew. They were at least smart enough to fall silent as Kylo strode through the halls, checking every place where Hux would normally be. it wasn't necessary. He knew exactly where the General was. He was reluctant, but as he stood outside Hux's door he steeled himself. They had their orders. There was no sense in prolonging the inevitable. "General Hux. A word please." Kylo kicked himself for sounding so weak, so pathetic, but otherwise stood his ground as he waited for the Omega to let him in. "Enter." Came Hux's voice from within the room. Hux was sitting at his desk, finishing some minor work. He was not surprised Kylo was at his door. Sure enough the word had spread about how distraught and crazed Hux looked when he returned to the ship, and Kylo would want to rub it in his face. There were plenty of things Kylo could use as ammunition now to provoke him. Sighing, Hux put down his data pad as Kylo entered, tensing at the sight of him. He was not in the mood to deal with the Alpha, but at this point he was running out of excuses to stay in his quarters. He would have to face reality like the authoritative figure he was, and not hide from his fate. The first thing Kylo noticed as he stepped in was that Hux smelled like an Omega. He actually felt a twinge of disappointment at that, his face flushing slightly at the realization. 'Hells' he thought as he realized that he had no idea what to say to the man. He didn't want this any more than Hux, but there was no way he could say that. Orders were orders and whether they liked it or not they had to follow them. "You're not wearing your cologne." Kylo noted lamely. Briefly he considered taking his helmet off, but decided against it. At least with it on he didn't have to school his expressions. "If you've come to fuck me and impregnate me you will be disappointed. I do have to wean myself off my suppressants before I have a heat that will be fertile." Hux said mockingly. He stood up from his seat and strode over to the taller man, meeting him in the middle of the room. "Are you pleased Ren? Pleased to have me taken down a notch?" He hissed, his anger bubbling to the surface. Kylo removed the helmet so that he could glower at the man who seemed to be trying to match him in height. "You honestly believe that I want this?" he snapped, his tone furious, "We were given orders and we must follow them." "Yes, orders that benefit you greatly and cost me everything, Ren." Hux said angrily. "You know what's funny, Ren? Snoke didn't say anything about you. He wants to preserve Darth Vader's line. Not you. Darth Vader. Even after all your training and your stupid look-a-like costume, you still pale in comparison to your grandfather. I was born as nothing and achieved greatness. You have greatness in your blood and achieved nothing REN!" He shouted, shoving Kylo forcefully with his hands. How dare the Knight act like he was better, better because he was a force sensitive Alpha. Hux actually worked for what he had, every day since he presented he fought against his genes, where Kylo was handed his gifts on the genetic silver platter. It was unfair, cruel even, that this unruly petulant child should get everything he wants while Hux has to suffer for daring to be born an Omega. Anger coiling in him, Hux reached up and slapped Ren across the face. "You deserve nothing of what you have!" Kylo snapped. His hand whipped up to Hux's throat and he lifted the smaller man into the air. "'Unruly petulant child?'" he growled, Hux's thoughts ringing in his ears. Bringing Hux closer to his face he said, "You know nothing of me, General. You know nothing of what I've done, the sacrifices that I've made!" Kylo threw Hux away from him into his desk. Despite its weight the force of his throw toppled it. Slowly striding forward he listened as Hux wheezed for air. It was satisfying to truly put the man back into his place. "You can't possibly understand what it means to be chosen as I have. To be gifted with the force as I have." Standing over Hux, Kylo glared down at the man, his anger tinging his vision red. Dropping down, Kylo drove his knee into Hux's chest, pinning the man back to the floor even as he tried to get up. "I will not accept this as a victory because it is not. You have fallen because of your own foolish arrogance and now you will pay the price." he leaned down, placing a hand on either side of the General's head. This close he could hear Hux's heart beating wildly, could smell his distress. Slowly his anger drained from him. "You are strong. Do not give up so easily." "You want to end this? You know what you have to do. There is no version of this where I come out a winner." Hux choked, he could taste copper as blood coated his mouth. Kylo was letting off waves of pheromones, his Alpha scent consuming the air. Hux's body was demanding he surrender, and for once he listened. Grabbing Kylo's hand from beside his head, he lead it to his throat and wrapped the man's hand there. "Just do it. I know you want to. Snoke will forgive you, you're all he has. I'm replaceable. Just...for once in your life do what I ask, Ren." Hux said weakly. This was his only way out from being disgraced by the First Order and being raped until he was pregnant. There was nothing but the promise of death to take his pain away. He couldn't live like this, like an Omega. He couldn't stand by as his title was stripped from him and he was reduced to nothing more than a means to an end. At least with death he would still have his pride. It was strange, how back at Snokes castle he had feared his own demise, yet, now seeing the price he must pay to live, it hardly seemed worth it. For several moments Kylo simply stared. He barely registered that his hand was still against Hux's throat. Perhaps Snoke would forgive him... but that wasn't why he hesitated. Pulling away Kylo shook his head. "No." he went to the bathroom and noticed the empty bottle of Alpha cologne. "You are the General of the First Order. I will not allow you to abandon your duties. Clean yourself up and I will find more cologne." With that he strode from the room, his cloak billowing behind him. ------- Phasma stood at the Bridge, watching Lord Ren bark orders at the terrified officers before leaving the room in a swirl of angry energy. She was shocked the Knight had not force choked anyone for simply having the gall to exist. She had seen many of his unstable moods before, but this amount of focused rage was unnatural outside of battle. "Where is the General? Why is that freak in charge?" Lieutenant Halifax said under his breath, standing next to Phasma. "I believe the General is in his quarters. He has not responded to any attempts to contact him." Phasma replied, keeping her modulated voice even as she spoke, despite her annoyance. Halifax was far too gossipy for his own good. The Beta thrived on any information that might undermine his superiors in an attempt to further his own career. "The troops said the General looked crazed when he returned to the ship. Maybe the Supreme Leader is finally replacing him for his failures. There are other Alphas-even betas- that could command this ship more effectively." Halifax mused, crossing his arms and watching the planets come into focus through the transparisteel. "Careful what you say, Lieutenant." Phasma warned, wanting this discussion to be over. She had no interest in questioning the General's ability. To her, he had lead a very effective campaign, and over the recent months proved himself competent against the rebellion despite the Starkiller fiasco. "Why are we going to the Dagarian system?" Halifax barked at the Beta officer sitting at the controls. The man turned in his chair, looking up at the Lieutenant. "Lord Ren ordered we stop at Gardia-17 on the outer rim, sir." Halifax bristled at this. "Gardia-17? The trading post? It's a planet of nothing more than thieves and con artists. What could he possibly want there?" Phasma put a hand on the Lieutenant's shoulder, stopping him from stepping toward the Beta at the controls. "It is not our job to question Lord Ren. His orders may come from the Supreme Leader. It would be best if you stopped this line of questioning." Halifax flustered, brushing Phasma's hand away. "I do not doubt the Supreme Leader, I only question his insane pupil and our missing-in-action General. A ship can not run with such disorder." And with that he turned away from Phasma and left. Phasma could at least understand the Beta's frustration. Something had happened when they stopped to retrieve Ren. What it was, she did not know. She only hoped it would not be anything that would affect their mission. --------------- Striding back to Hux's quarters Kylo didn't bother to wait for the man to welcome him in. Instead he burst through the door, forcing it shut behind him. "Do you have civilian clothes?" he asked, already moving to the wardrobe as he spoke. Hux startled at Ren's rude entrance into his quarters and subsequent attack on his clothing. "What? What are you doing?" He demanded, striding over to the Alpha who was now throwing his clothes across the room. "Why the hells would I have civilian clothing?" He sneered. Hux prided himself on his orderly and efficient attire. Every article he had was military issued for his rank and he had no need for common clothes. "We are going Gardia-17 to fetch you more cologne and scent neutralizer." Kylo stated impatiently as he sifted even further through Hux's wardrobe. Of course Hux would have nothing other than his military uniforms. Even his secret compartment held nothing useful. "How do you have nothing casual?" he asked incredulously turning to look at Hux finally. "What would I need casual clothes for in the First order?" Hux responded, picking up his clothing as Ren tossed it. "Gardia-17? That garbage dump of a planet?" Hux said as Kylo’s words sank in. Gardia-17 was only a great place to be if you were a smuggler or hiding from the law. Yes, it had many illegal contraband, and Hux was positive they would have the items he needed, but it didn't make him any more enthusiastic about having to go there. Grabbing Ren's arm, he pulled the man away from his closet. "Ok fine. We can take a shuttle there. But.." and he paused, biting his lip before continuing, "are you sure I should come with? I've never...been anywhere smelling like this." "I don't know what you need." Kylo admitted, suddenly sheepish, "I wouldn't know where to look." As an Alpha he had never needed such things and never had the need arisen for anything else. Snoke had been able to provide things Kylo needed and as a force-user Kylo had been able to take care of anything else. Though Hux had a point. As an unmated male Omega he couldn't be left alone. "Did you toss your scent neutralizer?" he asked, hoping he hadn't been foolish enough to do even that. "No. It will take the edge off, but it's not a permanent solution. It won't mask me the same way as the cologne." Hux admitted. "Just, go get some clothes from your quarters and I will put on the neutralizer." Hux wasn't sure if this was going to work. Getting through the ship without someone bothering him was going to be hard enough, but smelling like nothing? That was going to be hard to explain. They would have to move fast. Kylo simply nodded before disappearing, leaving Hux with a mess of clothes thrown everywhere. "Sir!" a plain voice made Kylo turn, wary of the faint smell of Omega clinging to him, fortunately it was only Phasma who strode towards him. Of all the soldiers on the Finalizer she was the only one who truly seemed loyal. Of course he knew what the others thought of the situation, and the longer they waited the more likely they were to turn mutinous. "We have arrived on Gardia-17. Shall I organize an escort?" even behind the modulator he could hear the unspoken question. "That won't be necessary. We are here simply to retrieve vital information." he started to turn before adding, "Prepare the ship to leave as soon as we return." "Sir!" Phasma saluted as Kylo strode away. Behind her mask she frowned but decided to leave it at that. It wasn't her place to question orders. When Kylo returned to Hux's quarters, civilian clothes stashed stealthily amongst his robes, he didn't announce himself. Instead, he entered as though they were his own quarters. Throwing the clothes onto a table he waited for the General to come out. Hux strolled out of the bathroom in his underwear, eyeing the clothes incredulously. They were an odd assortment of shirtshirts and pants that he had never once seen Ren wear. In fact, Hux had been convinced Ren only owned one outfit. "Do you even wear this stuff?" He asked as he picked through the pile. Ren didn't respond, and when he looked over at the Alpha he caught him staring. "We've had sex before, you've seen me naked, now stop gaping."Hux said, looking away to avoid Kylo's staring. Kylo continued to look Hux over, appreciating the curve of his muscles, the slope of his hips. He remembered how it had felt to have his body writhing beneath him, the taste of his skin, the smell of his lust. Kylo licked his lips and looked away. "It doesn't matter why I have them, just dress yourself so we can be done with this." He snapped before picking out his own clothes. Turning away he started to strip himself down, refusing to let his mind go back to those few days. Carnal desires were beneath him. He no longer needed such petty things. Hux found a shirt in the pile small enough to fit him, more than likely one of Kylo's from when he was younger. It was a deep purple button up, and putting it on it fit tightly against his curves. Adding a black belt and form fitting black pants, he felt at least somewhat decent looking. Just because he had to look like a civilian didn't mean he had to look like a slob. Pulling his military knee high boots on, Kylo frowned at him as he undid his own shirt. "What? Your shoes will not fit me." Hux said defensively, standing up and pressing the lines out of his shirt. "There. How do I look?" Kylo blinked stupidly for a moment as his mind drifted to what he very much wanted to say and do. Shaking his head he cleared his throat and looked away. "It'll do." almost hesitantly he stepped up to the man and quickly buttoned the collar closed. "There. Better." Unlike Hux, Kylo was dressed far more casually. His jacket was made of worn leather of an unknown creature that fit his frame yet made him seem even bigger. His pants were looser without being baggy, giving him ample room to move. His hair he left alone as people rarely saw his face to begin with. "One more thing." Kylo reached up and mussed Hux's hair, throwing it into complete disorder before restyling it into something more acceptable. "No one should recognize you now." Hells, how did he allow himself to get into this mess? "Uh...thanks?" Hux said. He could only wonder what the troops would think seeing him walk down the halls with unkempt, un-regulation hair and civilian clothing. "Well, you should fit in when we get there with that scar on your face." Hux mused before heading to the door, beckoning Ren to follow. Chapter 3 Summary: Hux and Kylo travel to a shady planet and encounter some opposition. The walk to shuttle was just as awkward as Hux expected. Troopers and officers stopped to gape at them and their unregulation clothes, and even though Phasma said nothing as she escorted them, he could swear he could feel her laughing on the inside. No one asked about Hux's lack of a scent, thankfully. Everyone seemed too distracted by the bizarre sight to notice. "Sir," Phasma said as they reached the shuttle bay, "Are you sure you do not need Storm troopers to assist you? I fear it is dangerous to have our two highest ranking officials on a high threat level planet unsupervised." "Noted. However, this mission requires secrecy, and the First Order is not welcome on a criminally run planet. We will have blasters with us and Lord Ren is more than capable of destroying any threats that come to us." Hux said, Phasma nodding and saluting in response. "Very well, sir." And with that she left, leaving Kylo and Hux alone with the shuttle. "Ready?" He said to Ren as he stepped onto the shuttle's ramp. "This is a desert planet, Lord Ren. So I hope you don't regret that leather coat." He chided playfully. It felt good to have a goal again, though he was nervous about the planet's heat. Sweating would null the effects of the scent neutralizer, and he knew that he would have to deal with this mission as an Omega. Hopefully with Ren at his side and a blaster on his own hip, no one would dare accost them. "Don't worry, General. I was born on a desert planet, I know what I'm doing." Kylo ruffled Hux's hair almost affectionately as he moved to sit in the cockpit. This, of course, was the easy part, and as he typed in the appropriate coordinates he tried to not let Hux's anxiety get to him. "I meant it when I said not to worry." Kylo spared a glance at the General. He really shouldn't have grabbed that particular outfit. He could remember when his mother had first picked it out for him, insisting that he would need something a little nicer than his usual attire for a particular dinner party. He had hated it as it was cut specifically to show his figure. Of course Leia was showing him off in hopes of him catching someone's eye. Politics and all. On Hux however, it was much more fitting. "We will get through this without incident." Hux just hummed in response, taking the copilot seat and watching Ren fly the shuttle. Ren looked so different without his dark black robes, yet still imposing. Even without the flashy outfit and useless helmet, the Alpha had an air of strength and confidence. Hux couldn't help but admire it, even be jealous of it. Ren had landed the shuttle on the outskirts of the capital to avoid anyone recognizing a First Order ship, much to Hux's annoyance. It meant a long walk in the heat before reaching civilization. As they treaded across the sand, Hux was becoming frustrated and exhausted from the walk. He had been high in the ranks of the First Order for too long, and never did grunt work like this. It didn't take long before he started unbuttoning some of his shirt, letting his hand graze across his chest. Sweat was beading down his forehead and his shirt was feeling damp; he could already smell the sickeningly sweet omega scent coming off his body in waves. Subconsciously he swayed toward Ren as he walked, who wasn't even breaking much of a sweat. He really did grow up on a desert planet. Hux wanted to shove him for being so resilient, as childish as the thought was. "What's stopping you?" Kylo laughed as he swung an arm over Hux's shoulders. The man was sweating horribly and Kylo immediately pulled away, grimacing in disgust. Taking off his jacket he handed it to the man, "It doesn't look it, but it breathes. And it'll soak up some of the sweat." And make Hux smell like Kylo, but that didn't need to be said aloud. They were coming onto a main road and a small crowd was beginning to build around them. Guarvo was a big city known as the planet's trading hub. It was also, by far, the seediest, grimiest, and most detestable city you could find on the side of the galaxy. Kylo was loathe to come here but it was less likely for them to be recognized or even remembered in the crowds, and the general odor of the city itself would hopefully be enough to cover most of Hux's scent. As they drew closer to the gates of the city Kylo pulled Hux closer to him, already eyeing the crowd for potential danger. Hux wandered through the streets with Kylo, people bumping into them rudely as they passed. Hux was thankful for Kylo's coat, using it to shield himself from the disgusting creatures that passed by. He was aware, however, of people starting to look at him quizzically as they made their way deeper into the city. Male omega's were very rare, so much so they were often kidnapped and sold on the black market. It was likely his presence would draw interest from unsavory parties. "If anyone asks, I'm not for sale." Hux hissed. He hoped Ren was smart enough to bring his lightsaber. "Wait here." Hux said, stopping in front of a small shop wedged between two larger buildings. Kylo raised an eyebrow at the comment but said nothing more. He did protest when Hux stepped away into a relatively unrelated shop as far as he could tell. Before he could actually stop the man someone grabbed his shoulder roughly. "Who's your friend?" a rather gruff voice asked as the unmistakable stench of unwashed Alpha assaulted his senses. "None of your concern." Kylo growled, shoving the man away from him roughly before turning to face him. The other Alpha was large, standing just an inch taller than Kylo, but built like a deep mine worker. "Way I see it, an unmated Omega is anyone's business." the Alpha leered down at Kylo, his teeth baring in what might pass as an easy smile, "'Specially if you plan to sell him.” "And the way I see it, he's far too valuable to be sold." Kylo snarled, his anger bubbling just under the surface of his self-control. This would no doubt end in a street brawl. He would have to be careful not to use the Force in front of so many people. It would be recognized for sure. "Is that so." The Alpha stepped forward, "Even better." Kylo stepped forward, his closed fist smashing the other alpha's face, sending onlookers scattering to get out of the way-others forming a circle around them. Hux was in the shop for less than five minutes when he heard fighting outside. "Hells." Rushing to the door he pocketed his purchase, finding a circle of people in his way at the exit. Pushing his way through, he stopped abruptly at seeing Ren rolling on the ground with another massive Alpha. Grabbing the blaster at his hip, he aimed at the other man, but couldn't get a good target with all the chaos. "Get off my Alpha!" Hux yelled, shooting a warning shot in the air. The crowd devolved into a chaotic mess, people shouting and running. This mission was already a disaster, and Ren had already offended someone enough to start a brawl. The Knight was incapable of playing nice. Snarling viciously Kylo barely heard Hux yell or the blaster shoot. The other Alpha did hear, however, and as he glanced up at Hux Kylo took advantage and kicked him off, using the force to send the Alpha further from him, disguising the move as a well placed throw. As he stood, pupils dilating as he tried to focus, he stepped forward threateningly. "Fucking prick." the other Alpha spat as he picked himself up. Jerking his head over Kylo's shoulder he smiled. Turning to look at Hux Kylo barely had time to shout the Omega’s name as another assailant grabbed the blaster from Hux's hand and ripped his arm behind him, trying to get him on the ground. The Alpha Kylo had been fighting tackled him from behind, biting into the back of his neck viciously in an animalistic attempt to subdue him. Kylo force pushed himself off the ground, flipping the other Alpha easily, and slammed down on him, knocking himself free. Then he was on his feet again, driving one heavily booted foot down onto the Alpha's neck, cutting off his air flow. Hux, meanwhile, fell to the ground as the other Alpha pressed him against the sidewalk. The man then flipped him over harshly, straddling Hux and pinning his arms to his sides. "You are beautiful, and have much spirit." The alpha purred, his red skin and black eyes making him look deranged. "Oh? You think I'm pretty?" Hux said mockingly , his voice light and playful as he bucked his hips into the man. The Alpha visibly gasped at that, and Hux couldn't believe how stupid the man was. "Claim me then. Kiss me." And Hux wasn't even surprised the man obeyed, clearly he thought he had the upper hand and won Hux's affections. When the alpha ducked his head down to kiss him, Hux head-butted him, causing the Alpha to let out a string of swear words and release his grip on Hux. Using this chance, he punched the man in the jaw and knocked him off of him, grabbing his discarded Blaster off the floor. As the man lay there in shock, Hux fired a shot into each of the man's legs, causing the Alpha to scream in pain. "Don't be such a cry baby, you will live." Hux said dismissively, turning back to Kylo to help him. Kylo was breathing heavily, blood dripping down from his hairline, nose, and mouth and onto the Alpha below. The Alpha beneath him was scrambling desperately at Kylo's foot, struggling to breathe around it. Kylo only pushed down harder and just as the Alpha's neck was about to snap a hand on his arm was pulling him away. Spinning around Kylo snarled something incoherent before his vision was filled with Hux- unhurt, and furious. His Hux, his Omega, his and only his. Kylo grabbed his ridiculously low shirt and pulled him close, crashing his lips to Hux's in a sloppy kiss that left them both breathless. "Did you get what you need?" Kylo asked finally, his blood was racing and a lot of it was going south. He needed to get Hux away from this crowd, needed to claim him, to show everyone around them who he belonged to. Hux broke away from the kiss, flustered. "Yes. But, we need to get out of here." The two Alpha's that attacked them were writhing in pain on the floor, and they had drawn far too much attention to themselves. The longer they stayed here the more likely it was they would be attacked again. Also, Hux was becoming aroused, the smell of Kylo after defeating a competing Alpha was making his head swim. He shouldn't want him; the man was a thorn in his side, and just hours before they had trashed his quarters fighting. But he couldn't avoid him. Eventually they would have to bond, breed and produce a child. He had to face the Alpha eventually, come to terms with their fate. Leading Kylo passed the crowd and through the streets he pulled him into the nearest alley. Fumbling through his pockets he pulled out the cigarettes and lighter he had purchased, lighting one up and putting it to his lips. Hux inhaled deeply, savoring the taste. They were cheap cigs, he had definitely had better, but in that moment they tasted like heaven. Smoking was not permitted on First Order ships, and Hux spent most of his time off planet. His chances to indulge in his favorite sin was rare and in between, so he allowed himself the pleasure. Leaning against the brick wall, he blew a curl of smoke at Kylo, watching the man look at him with hunger in his eyes. "The shop owner told me where to find the cologne." He said in between puffs, trying to will away his arousal. It would do no good for them to walk the streets with Hux smelling like a horny slut. He knew how he looked right now, his tight shirt rumpled and his hair disheveled, but Kylo looked just as appetizing. He had blood smeared on his face, his pupils blown wide and his breaths were coming out ragged. It made Hux's cock stir, seeing him like this. Kylo cocked his head, breathing in the smoke as it curled around his face. He watched Hux's lips as they closed around the cigarette butt, his cheeks hollowing as he sucked in another breath. His skin glistened with blood and sweat and even from where Kylo stood he smelled amazing. He stepped forward, closing Hux in with a hand on either side of his head. His head dipped to brush his nose along Hux's jaw, his tongue brushing gently over skin. "That was amazing..." he breathed, watching Hux's memory of him beating another Alpha off of him, "Clever little General. I want you..." Hux plucked the cigarette from his lips and flicked it on the ground, crushing it out with his foot. Wrapping his fingers behind Ren's head he pressed the Alpha's face into his neck, Hux's breath catching in his throat as Kylo licked his skin. "That Alpha was twice your size, and you made him look like a weak Beta." Hux whispered into Kylo's ear, nipping gently at the lobe. He could smell the waves of Omega pheromones his own body was emitting, and knew they would be driving Kylo mad. He also knew that others would be able to smell it too. What they were doing was dangerous, reckless. "I want you too, Lord Ren." He moaned into Kylo's ear, drawing out the word 'lord' on his tongue. Kylo made a sound somewhere between a growl and a keen at Hux's words, at his praise. Right now in this moment Kylo would fight even Snoke for Hux if he asked. Unsure if had said that aloud he bit roughly at Hux's neck, grinding his groin against Hux's. "If they think they can have you they are idiots." he rasped before spinning Hux around to face the wall, "You are mine." Reaching around he cupped Hux's groin, palming him until he was hard. "Take off your belt." Hux groaned at the touch, his hands gripping uselessly at the wall for support. It felt different, the arousal outside of a heat. He didn't feel the urgency, his head was far more clear. He felt he could truly enjoy himself in mind and body without the burning feeling in his gut. Slick started to gather between his thighs as Kylo palmed him through the fabric of his pants, still holding him roughly to the wall. Reaching down he fumbled with the thick belt. "Anything you say." He gasped as he removed the belt and tossed it to the side. Kylo kissed along Hux's jaw as he took Hux's cock in his hand, stroking slowly. With his other hand he undid his own pants, pushing them down just far enough to free himself, before returning his attention to Hux. "I won't let anyone touch you..." he promised, dragging his teeth down Hux's neck, his free hand pushing his pants out of the way to press against Hux's entrance. "I will kill them all." "I would let you too." Hux replied, biting his lip as Kylo stroked him. "I would let you kill them while I watched." Hux squirmed in anticipation as Kylo's cock pressed gently against his ass. He could have this. Have all of Kylo, of the leader of the Knight's of Ren. Together they could rule all of space and destroy anyone in there path. Kylo didn't belittle him for being an Omega. Every fight they had since the discovery Kylo never once used it against him. He may be nothing more than a broodmare to Snoke, but Hux would prove himself, prove his worthiness to Ren. He would show the knight that there would be no other Omega worthy of his attention. That Hux was a force to be reckoned with. Pulling Hux's head around Kylo kissed him as he thrust himself in, burying himself to the hilt. He groaned as the sensation being inside Hux muted out the alley around them. Sound and smell faded until it was only him and Hux. His omega. His General. His lover. Kylo's hands moved to Hux's hips, pulling him close even as he set a punishing pace. After all, they weren't here to give anyone a show. Hux bit hard on his lip to stop himself from moaning loudly. Kylo was fucking him rough and fast, and Hux had to brace himself against the wall for support. Kylo's hands pressed harshly into his hips, and Hux knew he would have some impressive bruises at the end of this. Moving his right hand off the wall, Hux reaching down in between his legs to touch himself, groaning at the contact. Kylo thrusted harder, and Hux's cheek slammed into the dirty wall, causing him to bit hard on his lip and draw blood. Everything was rough and painful and perfect, and as Hux pumped his cock with his hand as he was pressed to the wall, he was consumed by the primalness of it all. The feel of Kylo deep inside him was sending him so close to over the edge, his breath was becoming ragged and his pace faster as he stroked his cock, and he knew he wouldn't last much longer. Kylo's thrusts became uneven and erratic as his orgasm tore through him, pushing Hux over the edge. He slumped forward, bracing against the wall with one hand and holding Hux up with the other as they fought to steady their breathing. "Not as smooth as I had hoped." Kylo huffed, letting his head fall against Hux's, his eyes closing as he breathed in the other's scent. "But if you want an apology you won't get one." Hux laughed softly in response. "I wouldn't expect you too. I don't recall you ever apologizing for anything, especially all the damage you caused to my ship." Hux replied, leaning into Kylo. He knew this moment would be short lived, however. The smell of sex was strong around them and the longer they stayed the greater the chances of another Alpha coming to fight Kylo. Pushing the Alpha away, Hux fixed his shirt and pulled up his pants. Hux grimaced as he buckled them, his thighs feeling sticky and uncomfortable. He wanted a shower and another cigarette, but since he couldn't clean up, he settled for the latter. Lighting one up, he savored the after-sex smoke as he watched Kylo dress. "It will be less likely we'll be stopped. At least now that you smell more like me." Kylo smirked, looking Hux over in his thoroughly debauched state. Making a few mental adjustments he buttoned the man's shirt back up followed by a few of his jacket buttons. Then readjusting his pants slightly he slithered an arm around Hux's waist and nodded to the mouth of the alley. "Lead the way." Hux raised an eyebrow at Kylo's arm wrapping around his waist. Such public displays of affection would have infuriated him in a past life, but Hux was not in a position to protest. He could not possibly expect to walk around safely on his own smelling like the Omega he was on this planet. A small part of him found the act...comforting, knowing that between the two of them they could confidently take on any confrontation. Walking out of the alley with Kylo next to his hip and a cig in his hand, Hux passed through the crowds without anyone daring to challenge Kylo. Chapter 4 Summary: Hux and Kylo try to blend in with the locals with some dirty dancing at the club. "This is it." Hux stated as they stopped near a crowded building with neon signs in multiple languages. People lined up around the door, chattering enthusiastically amongst themselves. Night had finally fallen, and Hux was no longer sweating uncomfortably. Handing Kylo his jacket back, he fixed his hair and unbuttoned the top few buttons of his shirt. "This is a seedy club, try and be on guard but also look like you want to have a good time. They sell anything sex related in the back, including the cologne I need. We just need to get in, talk with the bartender, blend in a bit and get what we need. So, relax, ok?" Kylo huffed in response. “Sounds like a lot of needless work. Let's just go straight to what we came for.” Pushing his way in line, Hux took a drag from his cig before replying. "Who is the strategist, you or me? We can't just walk in there and demand highly illegal product. It's too suspicious and these people are very paranoid. We blend in, act casual, and let it happen naturally." He said in a hushed voice, pulling Kylo close as the line pushed around them. Hux wished they were in the Faymindra system instead. He had contacts there, it was where he got most of his product. But they were nowhere near there and were hard pressed for time. No options left but this shit hole all because he had to act rashly and dump his stock down the drain. "That was rash." Kylo hummed, leaning down so that his mouth was brushing over Hux's ear. He was far from satisfied by their quick coupling in the alleyway. "After that mistake are you sure you can get us through this?" Kylo trusted Hux to know what he was doing, but it didn't stop him from pushing his buttons. If he didn't trust him he would go straight in and simply take what he needed, but that would lead to chaos. Not that it mattered that much. The two of them would be able to slip back into the city without incident and then they'd be heading back to the Finalizer where he could actually think. And plan. But for now he at least had an excuse to tease Hux in more inappropriate ways. After all, it was fun to watch the General blush. When they reached the front of the line the bouncer was a Balosar Alpha, who looked Hux over appreciatively before waving him in. As Hux crossed over to the door the alpha stopped Kylo, holding a hand out in front of him. "Not you. Just your friend." It was obvious the Alpha wanted to separate them, a single unaccompanied Omega was better for business than one who came with an Alpha. Hux let out an exasperated sigh. It seemed they were going to be doing things the hard way. Just use the force to tell the idiot to let you through. Hux thought loudly toward Kylo. Balosar's were not known for their intelligence. Kylo simply rolled his eyes impatiently, already a step ahead of Hux. It was easy enough to persuade the Balosar to let him pass and the giant idiot blinked in confusion before waving him through, Kylo's eyes searching for Hux as they disappeared into the crowd. Kylo sighed softly, already on edge. "The music isn't terrible. I'll give them that." Kylo muttered, looking around for a bar. Wrapping his arm back around Hux's waist he lead them over to one and ordered one drink, telling the bartender he already paid. Turning to survey the crowd, he sipped his drink slowly. "Have you ever paid for anything? You know I brought credits, right?" Hux mused, to which Kylo shrugged. They sat at the bar in silence, soaking up the atmosphere and Kylo sipping his drink when someone came up behind Kylo and tapped his shoulder. "Hi." The Alpha said nervously, looking everywhere but at Kylo. The man was Iridonian, with light blue eyes and deep red skin. He shifted nervously in his spot, eyes darting to Hux before finally looking at Kylo. "I don't mean to bother you, I'm sorry, and you can say 'no' if you want, but-" The Alpha rambled, hands grabbing at his clothes nervously, "I was wondering if I could...dance with him?" He finished, pointing at Hux. Hux took another inhale of his cig before putting it out, eye brow raising in amusement as he watched the two of them. The man flustered, waving his hands in front of himself defensively. "I mean, well, my friends said I didn't have a shot in hell, and you know, I thought I would just try. I'm not competing or anything. Just one dance." The Alpha looked back down at the ground as he waited for Kylo's reply. Kylo looked the Alpha over, taking in his scent. He was weaker than even Hux. Timid and rather pitifully. Kylo frowned, taking another sip of his drink before looking at Hux reluctantly. "That's up to you." he said finally. While he sure as hell did not want to let Hux go anywhere without him near, he couldn't actually stop the General. He was the mastermind after all. He could only sit here stewing until he decided enough was enough. Hux looked between the two of them before stand up and walking over to the nervous Alpha. "Why not? One dance." He said, causing the Alpha to startle. "Really? I mean, sure...yeah!" The man said joyfully, grabbing Hux by the hand and leading him to the dance floor. The music was loud and fast, and Hux didn't know what language they were singing but he didn't really care. He didn't ask the Alpha his name and the man didn't ask for his, which was how Hux preferred it. The Alpha kept a respectable distance at first, almost afraid that if he touched Hux the Omega would run. Hux just rolled with it, swaying his hips and moving with the beat. He hadn't danced since the Academy, but club dancing wasn't about form anyway, so he wasn't to concerned. As the song went on the Alpha got more bold, pressing up against Hux and wrapping his arms around his waist. Hux went with the flow, grinding against the taller man with the beat of the music. The alpha let his hands roam down further, cupping Hux's ass as he pressed their bodies flush together. Hux laughed at that, knowing that Kylo must be losing his mind at the bar. "You smell...fantastic." The Alpha said, leaning close to Hux's face. "I've been getting that a lot lately." Hux replied, putting a hand up. "No kissing." He said flatly, causing the Alpha to chuckle. "Sorry." He said, a blush creeping over his red face. "I've never met a male Omega before." Hux simply shrugged, continuing to dance against the man as the Alpha's hands continued to roam across his ass. True to Hux's thoughts, Kylo sat at the bar seething as he watched the two dance. Kylo was surprised that Hux was actually humoring the other Alpha. He hadn't pegged the General to be the club type, but as he touched Hux's mind he realized why. He was trying to make Kylo jealous. Kylo snorted into his drink and turned his head away, but kept his gaze on the two as they moved with the beat. He watched as the Alpha pulled Hux closer and closer until he couldn't tell where one started and the other ended. And when the Alpha put his hands over Hux's ass Kylo had to put the drink down in order to not crush the glass in his hands. Looking away fully now he surveyed the crowd. Eyeing anyone who took too much notice in Hux and his dance partner. The song ended and they pulled apart, The Alpha slowly removing his hands from Hux's body. The boy couldn't have been over seventeen, and he was clearly disappointed they would have to part ways. "Thank you." The Alpha said, giving him a thumbs up before returning to his friends, who all stood and gave him high-fives. Hux smiled back at him before heading over to the bar, taking his seat next to Kylo. He tried not to, but Hux couldn't help grinning in satisfaction at Kylo's obvious distressed state. He practically glared at the other man as he returned to where he sat. "Feel free to dance. Do the Knights of Ren even dance? I can't picture it." Hux said smartly. Getting under Kylo's skin would never stop being fun; a well honed skill from their many alterations.The Alpha made the most adorable face when annoyed, and Hux was savoring it right now. "Such petty things are beneath us." Kylo stated simply, but watching the young Alpha receive praise from his peers only stirred his anger even more.Hux had said they needed to act casual before they came in, and Kylo couldn't just let this slide. "But so is sex." He said, standing and pulling Hux close to him, "I think I can break a few more rules." The song that played was just as fast and incomprehensible as the last, but it had a good beat and was sort of catchy. Kylo remembered his younger self and how he had once actually enjoyed this type of music. He had always begged to be allowed to go the bars and taverns where they played upbeat fast rhythms so he could dance. Once he had actually snuck out to do just that. It had been an amazing night. The rhythm was easy to find, the music loud, and Hux's intoxicating scent still making his head spin. He felt giddy as he started to move with the music, his hands never leaving Hux's body. "Should we show that boy how to really dance with an Omega?" Kylo asked, leaning close to be heard over the music. Hux licked his lips slowly in response, his green eyes looking into Kylo's deep brown ones. "And you think you can show me?" He purred in response, crowding Kylo's space and dancing against the man. He let his fingers hook on Kylo's belt loops, tugging on his pants. The music seemed to get louder and the dance floor more crowded, and people were constantly bumping into Hux as he and Kylo danced. Hux was positive Alphas were bumping him on purpose, but he ignored it. This was a club and he was a rare oddity, it was to be expected. Letting go of Kylo, he turned around and grinded against him, pulling Kylo's hands around his waist. He could feel the Knights erection pressing against his ass, and Hux couldn't help but grin at the thought that he got the force-user to dirty dance. Kylo bit the inside of his cheek to keep himself from reacting too strongly as Hux pressed back against his groin. He never would have imagined that he would be dancing like this ever again, let alone with the General of the First Order's army. Refusing to let himself think too much he let slid his hands over Hux's shoulders, their hips moving in sync, and down to his wrists. Burying his face into Hux's neck he nipped gently up towards Hux's jaw, looking up just in time to catch the young Alpha from earlier watching them. Some of the other Alpha’s earlier excitement fading. Drawing his hands back over Hux's hips, he pushed the omega down until he was bent over. Look at me. Kylo ordered, looking down at Hux even as he grinded filthily against Kylo. Oh what Snoke would think of this… Hux was glad to obey, turning to look at Kylo and winking. His ginger hair fell in his face, any order it had left completely gone now. He continued to grind against kylo, his lithe Omega body becoming flush with heat from the dancing. He knew other Alphas in the club were staring at them, jealous of Kylo for having Hux's attentions. And they should be jealous, none of them would ever amount to anything as great as Kylo; a talented force-user and asset to the First Order. The song soon ended, and Hux turned around and wrapped his arms around Kylo's neck, pulling him down to his level and kissing him. The man still looked deadly, dried blood on his face and his hair sticking all over the place. His look made him fit in on this criminal planet, and Hux pulled away from the kiss and nuzzled his face into the Alpha's neck, inhaling deeply. Kylo focused all of his attention on Hux, his hands moving over his hips and ass before pulling him close. He felt a thrill of power knowing that no one in this club could even hope to truly challenge him, let alone his claim on Hux. And even then Hux had chosen Kylo. Something he had made clear just earlier that day. It was almost all he could do to not claim the man as his mate right then and there, but he didn't. He would wait. Plan and wait. But for now he would simply show that Hux was his and that he had chosen him. And as Hux buried his face into Kylo's neck he returned the favor, nuzzling into Hux's hair and inhaling deeply. He felt multiple pairs of eyes on him and smiled. "I want you right here and right now." Kylo murmured into Hux's hair, his body still swaying to the music. "I know you do. I can smell it," Hux replied, darting his tongue out and licking Kylo's neck. "But, I think I will go talk to the bartender instead." He said, cupping Kylo's jaw and running a finger across it before flicking his chin. Turning, he walked back to the bar, his knee high boots clicking as he passed. Kylo bit back a groan as Hux walked away from him. Of course he hadn't expected any sort of relief after Hux's merciless assault, but to be left so suddenly... He glanced back at the younger Alpha and his group only to find their attention had been drawn elsewhere. Probably for the best, they were trying to be at least somewhat discreet in their dealings. Fighting back against baser feelings he followed after Hux, stepping a little faster to keep close enough to keep other hands away. Hux finished his conversation with the bartender just as Kylo strode up behind him. Handing the Beta some credits he turned to Ren, leaning against the bar. "I doubt you know how to speak keshiri, but luckily for you I do. Follow me to the back, and don't show any inclination about your force abilities. If you read my mind, don't be obvious about it. These guys do not like Jedi, the First Order, or any of it. So act like a basic Alpha." Hux gave Kylo a stern look, hoping to convey he did not feel like murdering his way out of this planet. Stealth and strategy would make this far easier. Kylo rolled his eyes as though he weren't the leader of the Knight's of Ren and simply a teenager listening to a nagging mother telling him what he already knew. I'm not incompetent. He thought back as he followed after Hux, keeping close enough for others to know he was taken. He still wished this could have all been avoided, but that was out of his control. For now. He thought of fighting against Snoke and his demands and uncertainty fluttered in his stomach, bordering closely to fear. Rebelling against Snoke wasn't exactly something he could consider as Snoke was always watching. Always listening. He would, of course, know if Kylo planned to move against him. The question then would be could he move fast enough before Snoke could fight back? Was it even worth the fight, just so he didn't have to breed Hux for some child Snoke was convinced was an asset? Kylo pushed the thoughts away. There was no time to think of this at present. Hux lead the way through the back hallway, and stopped when they reached a large, red door. The sounds of the club where just a low hum behind them, and opening the doors, Hux's senses were assaulted by the strong smell of an unknown tobacco. Inside, the room was massive. Large bookshelves covered the walls, but instead of books, the shelves were filled with bottles and artifacts. Many of the items were too lewd for Hux to star long, and instead he walked over to who he assumed was Ky'el, the Keshiri Alpha in charge. The man was sitting in a plush fur chair with two Omega women beside him, who Hux guessed where on some kind of drugs judging by their glassy eyes. Ky'el stood up and brushed the women away when he saw Hux, taking no notice of Kylo behind him. 'I was told a male Omega was coming, but they didn't say he would be so beautiful.' Ky'el said cheerfully, clasping a hand on Hux's shoulder. Hux smiled back, trying to ignore the man's large purple hand. Ky'el was a hefty man, his purple hair slicked back and was around middle-age. 'Thank you, Sir. I believe you were informed as to why I am here?' Hux replied, his dialect a little rusty but his point was made. He cringed slightly at calling this man 'Sir', as Hux out classed him considerably, but he knew how to play a role, and went with it. 'Ah yes! Everyone has something they need from me. The galaxy would be a far less entertaining place without my products. But first, a drink! I must celebrate! I have not seen someone like you in years.' Ky'el boasted, heading to his mini bar across the room. Hux simply nodded, turning back to Kylo. "He's getting us a drink. Or me at least, I don't think he noticed you." "All the same to me." Kylo whispered back, his eyes never leaving Ky'el as he moved through the small room. The two Omega's scent filled the air and it was increasingly obvious that they were drugged as the moved to regain Ky'el's attention. Kylo sneered in disgust as he wrapped an arm around Hux instinctively. It didn't particularly matter if the Alpha knew that Kylo had a claim over Hux. He would simply manipulate his mind. Simple as that. "I know what you're thinking," Hux whispered in a clipped tone. "I don't need the force to tell. Be careful. It may not look it but this place is guarded, camera's are everywhere and armed guards are a call away. Even if you try to use the force to control him, he doesn't speak your language, he won't know what you're trying to command." Hux turned back and smiled as Ky'el returned, a drink in each hand. Unsurprisingly, Kylo did not get one. Hux took his with a short nod, noticing how Ky'el looked at Kylo's arm around his waist. 'Is this your Alpha? I do not smell a bond.' Ky'el said. 'Yes, we just met. We are taking things slow.' 'Oh? How foolish of him not to claim you right away. It is a shame really, you would have been happy with me. I am very well off and can give you anything you desire.' 'I appreciate it, but my heart is taken.' Hux sipped his drink, noting how strong it was. He was hoping to avoid alcohol, as his frame was small and he got drunk to easily. At least Kylo wasn't drinking. Ky'el seemed pleased at Hux's acceptance of the drink, and grinned broadly. 'What does someone as precious as you want with something like Alpha Cologne? I normally sell it to Betas, not Omegas. It is such a waste of a lovely creature.' Hux took another sip, feeling Kylo's arm tighten around him. He wondered how much of this Kylo was following, or if he was getting snippets from reading Hux's mind. 'I have personal reasons.' Hux replied vaguely. Kylo watched the Alpha's every move, glancing occasionally to the two other Omega's still lounging on the couch. Hells, he wanted this to be over with. The entirety of this place was making his skin itch and if things did go wrong they would have a very difficult time fighting their way out. While he didn't particularly care who they might hurt if things did go south the panic and confusion of the club goers would only make things worse. Hux frowned at the drink, which was now half gone. He hadn't thought of anything being in it, and was only now realizing his mistake. His vision blurred slightly and he felt heat rise in his cheeks. 'You drugged me.' He said flatly to the Alpha. Whatever the man gave him was strong and fast acting, and Hux dropped his glass, letting it shatter on the floor. 'Of course I did. Did you think I would let something as precious as you slip through my grasp?' Ky'el said, still grinning. Snapping his fingers, the doors opened and Alpha guards surrounded them, each holding various illegally obtained guns. Hux even saw a few First Order blasters in the mix. Hux tried to remain standing, but his knees gave out and he fell to the floor next to Klyo. 'Don't make this messy,' Ky'el stated, 'tell your Alpha I am willing to pay for you. Or would you prefer I kill him?' Hux's head was swimming, and he felt Kylo reach down and pull him back up. Hux collapsed against the Knight, trying to steady himself. "Did you bring your light saber? Cuz...we might...be fucked." He slurred. In his current state he would be a liability in a fight, and he wasn't sure how well Kylo would fair while surrounded. Kylo pulled Hux close, his hand already closing around the hilt of his saber. "Tell him to give us the cologne and I'll let them off easy." Kylo growled, counting the number of guards around him. He had faced more dire situations before but none of them had involved Hux being drugged. How had he not expected that? Kylo's grip tightened around his saber, itching to slaughter all of these insipid maggots. Hux steadied himself as best he could, relaying Kylo's words to Ky'el. 'You are in no position to threaten me,' Ky'el laughed, 'I think you see I am more than prepared to fight.' Hux sighed, leaning into Kylo. "Take a wild guess what he thought of your offer." Hux felt heat pool in his gut and his face flush even more. He definitely took something with sexual side effects. It wasn't really surprising, considering where they were. This was not good at all. Chapter 5 Summary: When you ask for trouble, you get trouble. Notes: This chapter is the beginning of my walk of shame. Kylo laughed dryly and let go of Hux. Twisting around he drew his lightsaber and sliced through the guards closest to him, causing them to fall back in agony. Twisting back to Hux he caught him just as he crumpled, and held him to his side again. Stepping forward he held the tip of his saber to Ky'el’s throat. "You do not understand the severity of your mistake." Kylo snarled. Even through his anger he knew they wouldn't be able to fight their way out easily. As much as he loathed admitting to weakness this was a fight that would not be quick. Not without losing Hux. ‘Where did you get that weapon?' Hux heard Ky'el say, right before Kylo rudely dropped Hux to the ground. He would have been more upset, but he knew the Alpha just didn't want him to get in the way of his light saber or any of the cross fire. What happened next was a blur of chaos. One of the guards came behind Kylo and grabbed him around the neck, pulling him away from Ky'el. Kylo wrestled free and roughly tossed the man onto the floor, just as another Alpha hit Kylo over the head with the back of his gun. Hissing, Kylo slashed at the man with his saber, cutting the Alpha across the chest. Two others charged him, one of them shooting at the Knight and blasting him in the shoulder, and Hux grimaced at the sight, blood splattering across Kylo's shirt. Raising his lightsaber, Kylo ducked down and slashed at the man's legs, slicing through the guards flesh, leaving him a screaming mess on the floor. Kylo was skilled, and the Alpha's were obviously shocked at how well one man was fighting them, but it still didn't change the fact that he was out numbered. There was still seven guards left, and, rushing at Ren, they dropped him to the floor sending his saber skirting across the room. The largest Alpha in the group pushed Ren roughly against the floor, straddling him to hold him down as he began punching his face, blood speckling the floor from Ren's mouth. Hux was suddenly aware of someone pulling him up by the collar of his shirt. Ky'el grabbed Hux by the back of his head, pulling his hair. Hux flailed uselessly as he was dragged across the room and tossed onto one of the fur chairs. 'You little slut. Look at the mess your Alpha has made. You think this is a game? This is business, and the sooner you learn your place the better.' Ky'el spat as he slapped Hux across the face. It stung harshly and cut his cheek. Hux felt his vision flicker, but he was more worried about Kylo, who was trapped under the large Alpha. 'Kill the foolish Alpha, and take his saber.' Ky'el barked at his men, turning back to Hux and pulling his hair again until he was making eye contact. 'You won't be thinking about your boyfriend shortly. That drug I gave you will have you begging for the nearest Alpha, regardless of who it is.' Ky’el said, licking a line down Hux's throat before letting go of his hair. Hux shuttered at the disgusting feel of the man's tongue on his neck, and squirmed uselessly in an attempt to get away. He felt like he was fighting against his own body, his mind becoming foggy and reasoning shutting down. Kylo smirked up at the Alpha on top of him. The fools had put all their effort into subduing Kylo and left Hux out of harms way. It was a costly mistake for them and a perfect opportunity for Kylo. He could destroy them all without Hux getting in his path of rage. Kylo force pushed the Alpha off him, knocking over another with the first one’s body. Turning around he grabbed a fallen blaster and shot a guard point blank in the face, watching the man's head blow off with barely contained glee before tripping another with the force. One of the last three standing, a Beta, screamed in terror and tried to run but Kylo force shut the door as the man ran to it. Strolling leisurely, he pulled his lightsaber back into his hand. He faintly noted the wonderful smell of fear as he twirled his lightsaber. None of the guards made it out alive. Hux fisted his hands in the fur of the chair, sweat dripping down his forehead. It felt like being in heat, but he knew it wasn't. It was just the drug, inducing his body into a sex crazed state, a rather intense one at that. It was raw and sudden, and Hux was only acutely aware of what was going on around him. He heard screaming and blasters firing, but he didn't know how well Kylo was faring. 'Stop! Don't do this!' Ky'el said somewhere off in the distance, and Hux could hear footsteps followed by the flickering sound of Kylo's lightsaber. Kylo glared at the babbling keshiri as he approached, his lightsaber's tip burning a line in the floor. Blood dripped off him, leaving a bloody trail behind him. "You should have taken my offer." He snarled, grabbing the other Alpha by his shirt and lifting him up. The Alpha whimpered pathetically, panic forming in his eyes. Kylo sneered and threw him into the wall next to Hux. Holding Ky’el there with the force he moved over to Hux. "Are you alright, General?" Kylo asked, lifting the man's chin up with a gentle finger. Hux's eye's fluttered open as Kylo touched him. The Alpha's touch was like a shock to his system, making him squirm in need. He was too hot and his clothes to itchy and confining. He could feel himself getting slick in his pants and his cock straining against the fabric. Hux reached up and grabbed Kylo's wrist, nuzzling his face against the Alpha's palm. "Mmmm...Kylo, your skin tastes so nice." He slurred, taking a deep breath and taking in the Alpha's scent, wincing slightly from talking; the cut on his cheek from being slapped still fresh and stinging. In the back of his mind Hux knew there was something important they were supposed to be doing, but he couldn't recall what. It seemed like so long ago, whatever it was, and right now all he wanted was the Alpha inside him. Kylo's cock stirred in response to Hux's intense need, but he held back. Instead he focused the force into the cut on Hux's face, closing it up. "Hux, I need you to translate for me. I need to know how long the drugs lasts." "Hmm?" Hux said, shifting uncomfortably on the chair, his hands pulling his shirt loose. "I don't...I don't know." What were they talking about? Why were they still talking, why was Kylo still dressed? Hux tried to recall what was happening. They had came here for some...perfume? Cologne? Hux had drank some alcohol and...he was drugged. That's right, he was currently under some unknown drugs influence. The Alpha that did this...spoke...what language? Hux buried his face into the fur of the chair and tried to think. "Keshiri...right?" Hux asked Kylo, his voice muffled from the fur. Kylo nodded in response, and Hux turned back to look at him. "Ok." He didn't know where in the room the Keshiri Alpha was, so he spoke loudly at no one in particular. 'What...how long does this last?' Hux asked, knowing he had messed up some parts of the sentence but his point was made. Ky'el responded almost immediately, his voice shaking. 'It's a combination of two aphrodisiacs, it should last about three hours, tops. Now, please let me go, take whatever you want!' Hux struggled to translate what the man said, his own mind a swirling mess. "I think he said...three hours? You're going to have to sedate me when we reach the shuttle...I can't...It's effects are too strong on my system." He said, pawing at Kylo as he talked. Kylo frowned. Three hours was too long to wait and it would be difficult to travel with Hux smelling like he did. It seemed that they didn't have a choice, though. They would need to find transportation to get out of this place. Freeing himself from Hux he strode over to the keshiri and drew his lightsaber, bringing it dangerously closer to the Alpha's groin. "Where is the cologne." he asked and the Alpha babbled something after Hux translated for him. "Good." He brought his lightsaber up, cutting into the Alpha's groin slowly as the man made a blood curtling scream. When he reached his waist Kylo pulled the saber out and ripped out the Alpha's tongue with the force, letting Ky’el’s lifeless body fall to the floor. Moving back to Hux's side he scooped Hux up into his arms. The cologne was easy enough to find once he knew where it was, and Kylo grabbed a couple of bottles, dropping them onto Hux's belly as his hands were full. "We're done here, General." Kylo looked down at the man reproachfully, "Stop squirming." Hux let out a huff as the bottles fell on him. He didn't like that Kylo was being so damn stubborn. A part of him knew he must look like an idiot right now, and another part was annoyed Kylo wasn't jumping him, despite his words. If only the shuttle was closer, the med kit would have a tranq shot in it. He would fall into a dreamless sleep and ride this whole nightmare out in his bed. Hux would have been more annoyed at being carried if it wasn't making him so aroused. He could only imagine how red his face must look right now. "We won't make it to the shuttle walking. You're going to have to steal someone's vehicle." Hux mumbled. "Just leave it to me." Kylo assured as they made their way through the back door into the dark alleyway behind the club. The entire building seemed to thrum from the music and press of the people inside. There were no screams or yelling so it was safe to assume they hadn't found the bloodbath Kylo had left. In his arms Hux had thankfully gone still. His squirming had been bringing unneeded thoughts to him. His scent was hot, spiced with lust, and tantalizingly Hux. A scent he had found almost as infuriating as the man himself. "You can never stop being a pain in my ass, can you?" Kylo sighed as they found an unguarded personal speeder. It was built for one, but it would do. Settling Hux at the front he slid in behind him and started the speeder up. It didn't take very long for someone to notice them stealing it, but by the time they tried to stop them they were already moving. Hux leaned back against Kylo as he drove, the wind helping with his overheated body somewhat. He wanted nothing more than to ride Kylo's cock, and the pain of arousal was causing him to grind backward against the Alpha, distracting him as he drove. Letting his head fall back onto Kylo's shoulder, he felt the stickiness of blood where the Alpha had been shot, blood sticking to Hux’s ginger hair. He was too unhinged from the drugs to worry, though, about Kylo’s wounds and instead started removing his own belt and tossing it into the wind, letting his hand fall into his pants and wrap around his cock. Hux couldn't help the moan that escaped at touching himself, and he didn't care about where they were or what they were doing. He just wanted release from this agony. Kylo nearly lost control of the speeder multiple times thanks to Hux grinding back against him. He had to bite the inside of his cheek to keep himself focused on driving. Hux was going to be the death of him at this rate. He only noticed what Hux was doing because he was no longer grinding against his already painful erection. What are you doing? he thought, not taking his eyes off the road in front of them. I’m thinking about you, about how I want you to ride me, breed me. Hux thought back at Kylo as he continued to move his hand down his cock. He had a fever now, and the urge to fuck Kylo was taking all his self control to resist. The ride to the shuttle was feeling like an eternity, and the longer Hux went under the drugs influence the less control he had over his mind and body. He was becoming delirious, saying things that would make his non-drugged self red with embarrassment. I want you to knot me, Kylo, put a baby in me. It's what Snoke wants, isn't it? We wouldn't want to disappoint the Supreme Leader, now would we? If Hux was in his right mind he would remember that this wasn't a heat, that this was the opposite of what he wanted, and what he was asking for right now wasn't possible. But his brain was to fuzzy and his carnal desires were too strong to focus on any coherent train of thought. Hux took his hand off his erection and placed a hand on each of Kylo's thighs, rubbing them slowly and higher up with each knead of his fingers. Hux, if you do not want to crash then I'd suggest you take care of yourself. The speeder wobbled as Hux's hands moved higher up Kylo's legs. Kylo's cock ached as it strained futilely against his pants, making him shift his hips restlessly. At this rate he might have to stop the speeder and take Hux on the cool sand. They were far enough from the city itself that if anyone was actually looking for them they wouldn't come even close to finding them. Fortunately they had finally reached the shuttle despite Hux’s repeated attempts at distraction. Actually you'll have to wait. Kylo's body jerked involuntarily as Hux's hands reached his cock and Kylo just barely kept them both upright. Growling in frustration he bit down on Hux's shoulder harshly, slowing the speeder so they wouldn't crash. Hux made a needy whine as Kylo bit him, losing control of himself and falling off the rider when they stopped. He was a complete mess, his shirt rumpled above his stomach and most of the buttons undone, showing his scatters of freckles. His belt was long gone and his pants open, along with his hair sticking up wildly with blood in it. Glassy eyed, he looked up at Kylo, who was still on the rider. The Alpha's face was mostly covered in drying blood, and his lip was split down the center. His clothes were also stained red by the shoulder, and all together he looked like a monster. It sent a thrill down Hux's spine. my monster. My beautiful, savage beast. Hux pulled at his pants in the sand, lowering them down his hips. Breed me Kylo. I'm yours, take your prize. He repeated in his head like a mantra, drunk on the drugs effects. Kylo closed his eyes slowly, breathing deeply through his nose. Hux's scent was overwhelming. Holding out a hand he used the force to lift the man's limp and quivering body over to him. Grabbing his hips Kylo pulled the man into his lap. "I will fuck you into oblivion if you keep this up, General, but I will not breed you." Kylo growled, using one hand to undo his pants before pulling out his cock. "You are a filthy whore. Whining and begging for things you haven't earned." Holding Hux up he dropped him back down onto his lap, impaling him on his dick, Hux letting out a whorish moan in victory. "You've been nothing but trouble." Kylo purred, snapping his hips up roughly, his fingers digging into Hux's hips, "Look at you. The great General Hux. You let yourself be drugged, didn't you? You knew and drank it anyway." He bit Hux's chest, smearing blood up towards his neck. Once they returned to the Finalizer there would be much more of this. Hux practically keened at Kylo's attention, wrapping his arms around Kylo's neck as he rode his cock. He let himself lick a trail across Kylo's jaw, tasting the blood that covered it; some of it Kylo's, some of it the guards he killed. Nibbling at the man's ear, Hux was overwhelmed by the perfection of it all. The drug was creating a delirious sexual high for him, unlike anything he ever experienced. He had never experimented with any before, devoting himself to his studies growing up and staying away from anything that might interfere with his mind. He also never trusted what drugs would do to his Omega side, many of them were meant for Alpha's and Beta's stronger tolerances. "I am a slut, Lord Ren. Your servant, you can have me however you want." Hux murmered into Kylo's ear, each word dripping with lust. He knew Kylo's ego loved it when he called him by his title, a fact he would have to exploit more often. Kylo moaned at Hux's words, thrusting harder, his hands holding Hux steady in place. "Is that so?" Kylo breathed, "What would your father say if he heard you now?" Reaching around Kylo dragged his nails down Hux's back, leaving angry red trails. "He didn't raise you to whore yourself like this. It's disgraceful." he bit Hux's ear before lifting Hux off of him, letting him fall into the sand at his feet. Swing his leg over the speeder he dismounted and then leaned back against it. "On your knees." Kylo ordered, looking down at the man with disdain. "Suck me." Hux hit the ground hard, but didn't care. He was more upset at the loss of contact and Kylo's filthy mouth. There was no one else he would let degrade him like this, see him like this. The drugs coursing through his veins were making him say and do things he would never dream of in a sober state, and he was glad it was Kylo and not some random Alpha at the club fucking him right now. Hux scrambled back over to the Knight, sitting on his knees with the man's large cock next to his face. He let his hands wrap around Kylo's thighs before he took the man's cock in his mouth, savoring the musky taste of it. Swirling his tongue and licking from the base to the tip, Hux sucked Kylo's cock with enthusiasm. Gripping Kylo's thighs harder, Hux continued to swirl his tongue, his head bobbing as he did, ginger bangs falling in his face. "Good, General." Kylo ran his fingers through Hux's hair, gripping tight, "Do you lie awake at night thinking about this? About everything I could do to you?" Pulling Hux's head back he thrust his hips forward until Hux's nose was buried in his groin. "Tell me, General. What do you want me to do to you?" he asked, holding Hux's head in place. Mate me Kylo, bond with me. I want you to fuck me until I carry your offspring. Hux thought, moaning around Kylo's thick cock. He wanted to touch himself, bring himself the release he so desperately needed. But he knew it wouldn't be enough, his ass ached to be filled with Kylo again, to have the Alpha fill him up and bring him to orgasm. Hux set a maddeningly slow pace as he sucked, enough to pleasure the Knight but not enough to make him come. He wanted Kylo to come in him, not in his mouth.He let his hands roam up to Ren's hips, gripping and holding himself steady as he gave Kylo pleasure. Hux himself was dripping wet, the Alpha smell and scent of sex driving him crazy, he needed Kylo to cave and let him ride his cock again. “You think you're worthy to bear my children? The future of the First Order?" Kylo thrust his hips viciously, fucking himself into Hux's mouth. "You are nothing but a thorn in my side, General." Despite Hux's attempt to outlast him Kylo could feel his orgasm building. Hux's thoughts were driving him crazy, the Omega’s need serving to make him want more of everything. Biting back on frustration Kylo pulled Hux to his feet and pushed him against the speeder. "Don't mistake my leniency for a reward. I will fuck you but you will not carry my child." He thrust himself back into Hux's ass, his eyes closing as their combined perspectives overwhelmed him. Hux was maddeningly close to the edge, each perfect thrust of Kylo's hitting in just the right spot, making him squirm in anticipation. Gripping the seat of the speeder he leaned into it, spreading his legs further to allow Kylo the perfect angle to fuck him. The primal side of Hux was dismayed that he wouldn't get pregnant, but the rational side that was buried deep was washed with relief. Moving his hand down he gripped his own cock, pumping it in time with Kylo's thrusts, his breath coming out ragged as he was pushed so close to climax, yet still denied. "Come for me, Kylo. Please." Hux begged, his body smacking roughly into the speeder, leaving scratches as they fucked. Kylo smacked Hux's ass sharply with his hand in response. "You don't get to give me orders, General." Kylo snapped, biting Hux's shoulder blade. When Kylo finally came he let out a strangled shout, slamming into Hux one last time. He rocked his hips against Hux's as the General’s orgasm followed, shouting Kylo's name. For a moment they stayed like that, riding through their post-orgasm high and regulating their breathing. Leaning forward Kylo kissed between Hux's shoulders and nuzzled the nape of his neck. "Do you feel well enough to walk on your own, General?" "I...yeah." Hux said, lifting himself off the speeder. His pants no longer fit right without the belt, and Hux was forced to roll the band to keep them from falling down. "Why are we here, Ren?" He asked as they stepped in the shuttle, and Hux collapsed in the copilot seat immediately. He still felt feverish and the small moment of clarity after fucking was fading. He couldn't do this, he couldn't stay in a constant hyper aroused state for three hours. Curling in on himself he tried to focus his thoughts, but they were muddy, and only snippets of their time on the planet came to him. Why did they come here, what the hells could they have needed on this backwards planet? He felt the answer at the edge of his mind, but he couldn't hold onto it. It infuriated him, not knowing such basic information, but he was helpless to do anything about his mind's betrayal. He felt sticky and dirty, and his body hurt from all the bruises and cuts he acquired. Yet, the pooling feeling of desire would not leave his gut, no matter how exhausted he felt. All ready he wanted to jump Kylo again to relieve the pain, and Hux bit back a sob as he held onto the seat. "We came to get you Alpha cologne." Kylo said simply as he grabbed the medkit. They shouldn't have even needed to come here in the first place, but it was necessary. "Here's the tranquilizer. You should put some of the cologne on first." Kylo placed a comforting hand on Hux's shoulder, making a point to not listen to his thoughts. The last thing either of them needed was another round of fucking. Already he would have to explain why the General was unconscious and Kylo was covered in blood. He was never going to hear the end of it from the crew. Hux nodded in agreement, taking the bottle from Kylo. He couldn't wait for this ordeal to be over. After applying the cologne, Hux gladly accepted the tranquilizer, falling into a much needed sleep. ------- Phasma stood at attention as the shuttle docked, the docking bay a bustle of energy as her troops went about their work. SN-1389 was with her on her right, and much to her dismay Lieutenant Halifax on her left. Why the man was here to greet the General on his return was anybody's guess. "I hope they're happy, wasting our time." The Lieutenant said, his hands clasped behind his back. Ah, he was playing this game again. Phasma wondered what she had done in life that made Halifax think it was ok to trash talk with her. She had tried stone silence before and the man prattled on anyway, undeterred. Just then the shuttle opened up, and Phasma was far too unprepared for what she saw to hold back her gasp. Lord Ren was holding Hux in his arms, and the General looked like he had been beaten up thoroughly. His hair was wild and caked in blood, his clothes loose and wrinkled, and from what she could see any exposed skin was marred with bruises and cuts. But that was nothing compared to Kylo, who was practically saturated in blood. The Alpha looked like he had murdered a small town single handedly, and his shoulder looked like it had a fresh blaster mark on it. The whole scene was hellish and bizarre, and Phasma, SN-1389, and Halifax all rushed towards them. The Lieutenant waved his hands in the air dramatically, huffing loudly. "I knew it! I knew you would kill him! Didn't I say so Phasma? I knew this would happen. Why is there so much blood? Couldn't you have made less of a mess Lord Ren? Really, he could not have been that hard of an opponent." Halifax stopped, sniffing the air as he got closer. "Why the hells do you smell like sex? Did you rape him before you killed him? Really, you should have just left his body behind, I think I can handle dealing with this without dealing with the General's dead body too." Phasma wanted the man to shut up and stop making a scene. Troopers were already gathering upon seeing the strange sight, and Phasma wanted to handle this with discretion. "What happened Lord Ren? Is the General alive? Shall I send for a medic droid?" She asked, hoping the General was not, in fact, dead. Kylo's lips arched into a disdainful sneer as Halifax prattled on. He breathed slowly even as he grasped Halifax by the throat with the force. He lifted the lieutenant up off the ground, holding him as he spoke, his tone low and dangerous. "The General is alive, he just needs rest” Turning to Phasma he said, "We are done here. We must return to Boin-23 to begin preparations for our next move against the resistance.” Kylo casually flicked his wrist, sending Halifax across the hall and slamming into the wall. Sliding down in a crumpled heap, the Lieutenant struggled to regain his breath, choking and sputtering. "Do you know what they came here for?" SN-1389 asked quietly to Phasma as they followed behind Ren. "No, but that is not our concern. We will be back to our main destination shortly." She replied to the girl. SN-1389 nodded in agreement, and together they walked behind Kylo. Phasma was puzzled when Kylo refused to take the General to the med bay, the man was still unconscious and looked like death. However, she was wise enough not to question her superior, though she held more loyalty with the General than with Kylo. The knight was an unknown factor whose authority fell out of the bounds of The First Order, and therefore was not to be held to the same status as General Hux in her eyes. Kylo took the General to his quarters and swiftly shut the door in Phasma and the Trooper’s faces. It seemed Phasma would not be getting any answers any time soon. Striding through Hux's quarters Kylo set the man down in his bed and reached out with the force to make sure Phasma and her companion were gone. He should have killed Halifax for his treasonous words. The man was too chatty. Concerning himself with the business of others rather than doing his job. How did he still have a position on this ship? Kylo collapsed to the floor, leaning against Hux's bed. How did they come to this? Trying to hide from their own crew while fighting against direct orders from Snoke. Was he fighting? No, he would do as told as it wasn't his place to question Snoke's plan. But he was. Because where did he fit into his child's future? Snoke would take over as their teacher as he had with Kylo. No. Once the child was old enough Snoke would steal them away to train in the force. And when the time came Kylo would no longer be needed. Kylo dropped his head down onto the bed, taking comfort in the chill of Hux's sheets. They were cool against his face and Kylo felt himself relax against the mattress, his aches coming back twofold as he slipped into unconsciousness, blood from his shoulder staining the pristine linen. Chapter 6 Summary: In which everyone thinks Ren is a Rapist. Hux opened his eyes, the room around him almost completely dark, except for his PDD flashing with unread messages on the end table. Groaning, he rolled onto his side, aware that he was still wearing his filthy clothes from their mission. He felt absolutely disgusting, but at least he was no longer under the influence of any drugs anymore. The memories of his and Kylo's trip flooded back to him, and Hux wanted to bury himself in his bed and never be seen again. He had asked Kylo to breed him. No, begged for it, multiple times. Hux couldn't believe the words that came out of his mouth, the things Kylo had said as well. The whole situation was blindingly embarrassing for someone of Hux's rank and upbringing. Sliding out of the bed, Hux decided the first thing he needed was a shower. He almost tripped over Kylo, however, as the man seemed to have fallen asleep on the floor, his head resting against the mattress. Deciding to deal with this later, Hux continued to the bathroom and took the hottest shower of his life. It was stupid, really, what they had gone through, he thought as he held the bottle of cologne after his shower. It was pointless really, the danger Kylo had put them in. For what? So Hux could spend maybe a few more months playing Alpha? He couldn't hide forever, not with his orders from the Supreme Leader. Opening his medicine cabinet he took out his bottle of suppressants, pouring two pills into his hand. He would have to wean himself off them slowly if he wanted to have a fertile heat. Hux never thought about having children before. It never crossed his mind because it was something that would hinder his promising career. And now, the decision was being thrust on him, and he was powerless to stop it. He knew he held no maternal instincts, wasn't even sure he could love a child let alone raise one. And Kylo was so very young. Too young to have to be in this situation. The Alpha was still trying to come to terms with his own demons, he didn't need the added stress of an infant to deal with. Hux would be bonded to Kylo for life once they did this. Without a bond Omega pregnancies had a high miscarriage rate, so they had to do this right. Hux wasn't a fool, he knew after he had the child he would become useless to Snoke. If he was lucky he would be discharged from his position and cast aside. If not, he would simply be killed once his usefulness was over. Hux carded a hand through his damp hair, letting the towel on his hips hang dangerously low. He had a job to do, a ship to run. He would face these problems later, there was nothing he could do to solve them now. Strolling out of the bathroom, smelling like his Alpha persona, he kicked Kylo with his foot. "Wake up." Kylo grunted at the impact and opened his eyes blearily. It was rare that he ever got more than a few hours of light dozing so it took him a moment to regain his bearings. Sitting up he flexed his stiff shoulder, dried blood flaking off. Looking up at Hux he grinned, "Good morning, General. Feeling better?" he asked, his tone teasing. "After all, we had quite the adventure yesterday." "An adventure we will never speak of again." Hux replied, nudging him with his foot again. "You look like shit, get cleaned up." He snapped, turning around and going to his closet. Getting dressed he resolutely did not look at the Alpha, instead picking out his standard outfit and putting it on quickly. He felt more himself being back in his regulation clothes and wearing his Alpha scent; his hair styled perfectly. He could almost pretend the last day didn't happen. Kylo hummed tunelessly as he stripped himself of his bloodied clothes. He would burn them later once he was clean. Stepping up behind Hux he ran a hand through his styled hair, messing it up again. "Oh, but General," he cooed, leaning in so that his breath ghosted over the nape of Hux's neck, "You said so yourself. You are my servant, to be used however I want." Hux bristled at this, batting Kylo's hand away and re-smoothing his hair. "I said no such thing." He lied, feeling his face redden at the memory. Kylo smelled of stale blood and sweat, and the Alpha seemed to have no problem standing there naked like he lived in Hux's quarters. Like this was a regular thing. Kylo smirked before grabbing Hux's arm. Forming his memories he pushed them into Hux's mind, giving him a different view of him saying those exact words. Of Hux calling himself Kylo's slut. "My my General. The things you keep buried under all those layers." Kylo let go of Hux's arm, relishing the way Hux's entire face reddened, "It's no wonder how you've proven us all wrong." Hux reeled back from the sudden onslaught of forced memories, annoyed at how his deep blush betrayed his calm exterior. "Careful, Ren. If I remember correctly the Sith are above such petty things as 'lust'." Bumping past Ren he headed for the door, pausing briefly. "Shower before you leave. I don't want us exiting together." And with that, he headed out, mumbling a string of Keshiri curse words just for the hells of it. Kylo frowned at Hux's retreating back. He should have expected that. Because he was right. As a Knight of Ren he should be above carnal desires of the flesh. Hux's gender shouldn't make a difference. Huffing he went to take a long cold shower before dressing in the robes he had left before the mission. The wound on his shoulder was more superficial than he first thought, and he put some bacta on it from the medicine cabinet before he set out to prowl the ship. As he moved through the halls he began to notice how the troopers seemed jumpier than usual. They moved to the far side of the hall when they saw him coming, all but hugging the walls. Finally, exasperated, he dipped into the minds of the next troopers he passed. I can't believe he attacked the General. Lord Ren is a monster. How could he do that to another Alpha? Kylo didn't feel his anger boiling over until he was panting, his lightsaber arching through the wall. Looking back he saw he had all but torn the wall down, slicing into cables and wires beneath. Above the already dim lights flickered as their power was lost. ------- Hux was standing on the bridge, surveying his team. He was finally back in his element, and it felt invigorating. It would take a few days to get to Boin-23, but Hux was glad to be returning. The planet was the home base of The First Order, and Hux hadn't been home in months. It would be refreshing to be back in the bustle of his home world, relaying his progress to his subordinates and focus on his plans against the rebels. His PDD bleeped, and looking at it he had received a text from Phasma for a urgent private meeting. Turning around, annoyed, Hux walked briskly off the bridge. Phasma was waiting in the General's office when he got there. She had her helmet off, and Hux often forgot how attractive the Beta was beneath all her chrome armour. It was a pity. Sitting at his desk he grabbed his holopad, making a few notes before turning to address her. "At ease." He said, waving a hand at her. She immediately relaxed, setting her helmet on his desk gently. "Sir, I have something...personal I would like to discuss, if that is all right with you?" She said, a tinge of concern in her voice. "Very well." He replied, already feeling he knew where this was headed. Shifting in her spot, she put her hands on the desk and leaned forward. "Sir, the crew has been talking. Normally I ignore such frivolous gossip, but I fear there may be a spark of truth to it. When you and Lord Ren returned...it was under very....unusual circumstances. You were badly injured and unconscious. But," she started to say, unsure how to word it, "I am worried about your well being. This recent behavior is unlike you, General. Lord Ren is volatile, does not play by the First Order's rules. The smell when he was holding you...what happened...Sir?" Hux blinked at her, realizing what she was implying. "We were on a planet full of hookers and criminals, some smells stick with you when you travel, unfortunately. Thank you for your concern, Captain, but as you can see, my honor is intact." He sneered, putting his holopad down. "This isn't a joke, sir." "I'm not treating it like one." "Ren can not be allowed to continue-" Hux put his hand up. "Enough, Phasma. I will handle Ren. It is not your concern." Phasma nodded at that, pulling back from the table and back to her rigid stance. "Understood." Just then there was a fast knock on the door, and a worried officer entered. "General! It's Lord Ren, he's destroying the halls. The troops are at a loss as to what to do to stop him." The man said frantically, obviously also afraid of Kylo's outburst. Hux rubbed at his temples, already annoyed. "Very well. Leave." The officer retreated, and Phasma scrunched her face. "Shall I accompany you?" "No, this is my problem to deal with." Hux said, standing up and briskly leaving the room. Hux knew he was getting close when he saw storm troopers running in the opposite direction, afraid. Once he saw the scorch marks down the hall, still smoking, he was already tallying the cost for this outburst. Kylo was still going at it when he reached him, the Knight flailing his saber erratically at every surface in the hall. "Lord Ren stop this tantrum now!" Hux yelled, keeping his hands behind his back and his posture straight. Kylo faltered mid swing as he spun around on his heel, his saber held towards Hux's throat. How could the troops actually think he raped General Hux? Kylo felt no desire for Hux's body nor anyone else's. He was given a mission and it ended there. Yet they still believed he felt any sort of desire for them. Even in the most vile of ways. It was disgusting. Infuriating even, to be pulled down to such a level of bestial, instinct driven desire. They knew nothing! "I was under the impression that your soldiers were highly trained, General." Kylo snarled, his blood still roaring in his ears, he needed to control himself, to calm down, but he found he couldn't. "And yet they do not believe it is beneath them to indulge in petty gossip." "You shouldn't let idle gossip upset you so. They are, mostly, human. Humans gossip. It is unavoidable. Plus, I thought you would be pleased. Look how much they fear you now." Hux mocked, not wavering as the saber sparked angrily at his face. Behind his mask Kylo's eyes widened furiously. Sheathing his saber he strode over to the man and grabbed him by the throat before slamming him into the wall. "I will not be accused of lowering myself to raping you." he snapped, his voice dangerously low despite the modulator, "You will keep your troops in line, General." Hux smirked, staring into Kylo's faceless mask. For someone who claimed complete devotion to the dark side, he had a very rigid moral code. "Is that a threat, Lord Ren?" He said, feeling Kylo's hand grip loosely on his throat. The Alpha's temper would be his downfall if he kept it up. The Knight acted too rashly when angered, destroying people and property without thought of the consequences. It was only a matter of time before the Alpha turned that anger toward Hux and possibly killed him. They may have somewhat of a complicated relationship right now, but Kylo was fickle, easily bored and easily destructive. Once Hux no longer amused him and was no longer needed by Snoke, he would not be surprised if the Alpha turned his rage on him. It made Hux question if a child would even survive being in Kylo's presence, or if the knight would lose his temper and crush the poor thing. Kylo's eyes narrowed and he fought the strong urge to crush the man's throat, Snoke be damned. But he didn't, instead he dropped Hux and took a step back. "Do you intend to take me down with you, General?" Kylo asked, thinking back to the easily avoided incident on Gardo, "A mastermind like you should have known better to accept that drink. Yet you drank it. And then begged me to take you." Kylo's fists clenched. He had thought the General would be more tactful in his decline. He should have known his drink might have been spiked. So why would he drink it? Breathing out slowly he relaxed his hands. "I would not have gone through so much trouble for you if I had any intention of killing you." Kylo blinked, unsure what to say or do, "Once our mission is complete I will assign a Knight to monitor your progress with the new Starkiller base. After that I expect you will have no problem ending the resistance, General." He turned, schooling himself into something resembling calm, and strode away. He needed to meditate. Hux stood there, aghast. It was hard to believe this was the same Kylo who only a day before had risked everything for him. Now the Alpha had said he wanted nothing to do with him. The Knights mood swings were staggering. Kylo was right though. He should have known the drink was drugged. He wasn't an idiot, far from it. He prided himself on being a great strategist. He didn't get where he was with mediocre ideas. The truth was, he had trusted Kylo. Trusted in the man's abilities and talents. He knew that no matter how dire things got, Kylo was strong enough to get them out. Turning back towards the bridge, past the charred walls, Hux went back to his job. He would fix this mess later. ----------------- The trip to Boin-23 was, thankfully, uneventful. Ren stayed away from everyone on the ship, including Hux. In fact, Hux didn't see the Knight once, not even in the mess hall. Maybe the asshole had ascended beyond such basic needs as food. As the planet slowly came into view, Hux couldn't help the small thrill that ran through him. He had not been home in over a year, spending all of his time off world on the Finalizer or on StarKiller base. He missed the comforting smell of his high rise apartment, of his soft blankets on his bed and the food of his home world. Hux spent most of the day making preparations for his departure, readying the ship to go into into a steady orbit and have a skeleton crew while they were on planet. Hux didn't see Kylo get on any of the departure shuttles, and he didn't wait for him. The planet was just how Hux remembered. The two suns cast a golden light on the chrome towers that dotted the city, and the bustle of ships and people covered the landscape like a painting. It was a hive of energy and beauty, a perfect example of what the galaxy could be under the First Order's control. Hux was filled with contentment as he stepped off the shuttle and breathed the crisp air, ignoring the droid that beeped at him, carrying his luggage and whirring around. It wasn't until Hux reached his apartment that he thought of Kylo again. Eventually they would have to talk, and face reality. It had been quite some time since Kylo had visited the temple of the Knight's of Ren. It hadn't changed in the slightest. And neither did his fellow Knights. Deep in meditation Kylo relived the memory of Snoke giving them their orders. He had been as cold and calculating as he was with everything. There had been no reason to doubt the Supreme Leader. No reason to doubt his own place in his plans. But then Hux proved to be more of a liability. Kylo cared far too much for the man and he couldn't understand why. They only fought each other every step of the way. Jabbing the other when things didn't go as planned. It was infuriating. He was above emotional attachment. Above physical desire. Above humanity. He was a weapon. A tool needed to build an empire and like any tool or weapon he would break. Wear down until he could no longer continue his duty. And so he would have to produce an heir. Kylo shifted where he sat. He wasn't ready for this, but it couldn't be avoided. --------------------- Two months had passed since they arrived at Boin-23, and Hux's excitement about being home had deteriorated. He had slowly been weaning himself off his suppressants, and it was resulting in chaotic mood swings. He had snapped at officers at meetings, fought with his subordinates and was more agitated and unlikable than usual. Sitting in his living room, he drummed his fingers against his knee anxiously. He had to go see Ren, to let him know that it was almost time, but he was hesitant. The knight had made no effort to contact him, and Hux was convinced they would just argue more when meeting. Still, time was pressing, and arrangements had to be made. His heat would be soon and they had orders.