Chapter One: "I am the designer of my own catastrophe." . . . Rey basks in the sunlight. She's warm, the warmest she's ever felt, and her brain is muddled with sleep. She closes her eyes, wishes she could slip back into the realm of unconsciousness, but she's awake before she can comprehend the severity of the situation. She feels small underneath him; fragile, breakable, and more importantly, exposed. She's aware of her nakedness, too aware, and the peace she's felt only seconds before shatter. Her cheeks light up, ignite with a burning red she's only accustomed to on Jakku. She suddenly feels tainted. She knows he's already seen her, too much of her, but she still tugs the blanket up. He groans in his sleep, in displeasure from her abrupt movements, his raven curls askew. He flops over, facing the other direction. He's such a deep sleeper. His mind is tangled with incoherent thoughts, and she goes into them, thinking hard. He dreams of sunlight. He dreams of his family. It's all in snapshots, moving too fast for him to truthfully remember, but she sees them all. She sees herself in his mind, bright eyed and glowing, and that only makes her stomach twist. She shouldn't be invading him like that. But she should. She tears herself from his mind, and sits there, upright and tense. She can't bring herself to move quite yet, to break his realm of tranquility that surrounds them. When she stares at him, she tries not to think about the mask he wears. About his red cross, always crackling with broken energy and murderous intent. She tries not to think about Han. She shivers at the memory, and bites down hard on her lip. She can't think of them. Not right now, as she lies naked beside him. No one knew about this…about them… whatever they were. She wants it to stay that way, because she already can't bare the shame. She already imagines Finn's look of disappointment, his anger, Luke's frustration, and Leia's silent judgement. But she loves him. She knows this as she reaches out and gently runs her fingertips through his locks. He mumbles something, but does not stir. Not in the slightest. She supposes he wouldn't even notice if she decides to slip out before he awakens. Leaving like a ghost, a haunting memory that he can never truly prove. She thinks he's beautiful, and she wants to stay with him. Because when it's just them, she's not a Jedi warrior. He isn't Kylo Ren. He's simply Ben, and she is Rey, and their pasts are forgotten with every tender touch and kiss. There is no war, no Ren, no defrayment, no murder, and no conflict. She forgets when he touches her. She forgets when she stares at him sleeping, so youthful looking. She forgets that she's supposed to kill him. She knows he forgets the same. She presses a fleeting kiss to his forehead. He stiffens, and his eyes flinch, but they don't open. She doesn't see his dark eyes, specked with gold fragments. She wishes she could see them one last time. Rey is greedy, she knows this— this never should've happened, but she's stupid and is always wanting more. It's her fault. If she hadn't been so selfish and reckless, thinking that she could take what she pleased because of her pain, it would never be like this. Silently, she slides from the comfortable mattress. It's much softer than the one she has at base. The one she has is practically a rock, but she never complains. Anything would be better than the sandy floor at Jakku. It's a beautiful home, she thinks, with white everywhere. There's a garden outside, and a pond. She doesn't think she'll ever get over how much green there is. How much blue. It's an inn, and he's always there when he calls to her. She tears her gaze away from the view. Ben—Kylo— whoever was present in that bed, is nothing more than a bitter distraction from what she must do. She slides on her clothes, fumbling quietly with her pants and jacket. There's bruises on her hips from when he yanked too hard, but there's scratches on his back, and she thinks they're even. Her short hair is a mess, and she feels somewhat sick as she yanks her boots on. She doesn't spare him a glance as she walks to the door. Even just his sleeping face would stop her from leaving, so she doesn't look back. "You're leaving, then?" She freezes, then shuts her eyes in agitation. She can't take another step. He voice sounds awake, much more awake than it should be. "Yes," she mumbles, feeling somewhat guilty. She's a moron for thinking that. She feels his disappointment through the force, and then he's prying at her mind, trying to get some sense of what she might be thinking. "Get out of my head." "You were in mine," he counters. She cringes. So he had noticed. "I always notice, Rey." He stands, and she turns, the tips of her ears turning a blistering red. It's somehow different in daylight. In reality. It's as if she's never seen him now, and her heart pulses. She hears the swish of fabric, and then he's back to searching her mind. She blocks him then, infuriated by how easy he could slip in undetected. She feels his hurt radiating from him. She doesn't need to search his mind to know he feels betrayed that she was going to slip away into the sunrise. Which is rich, especially coming from him. She bites down on her tongue, hard, to refrain from saying it. She's not sure how this- them happened. He had called to her one night, 'come to me' and so she had come with the sole purpose of killing him. It was just him, no tricks, no manipulations, and he had broken her intentions with his lips. The light saber had layed on the floor that night, rendered useless. She remembered how shocked she had been the next morning, how disgusted she had felt. They had yelled at each other then, equally frustrated and sickened, and had walked away. The second time had been different. They had both secretly wanted. The third time had been on purpose. They had longed for one another, and it had been made known. She had told herself it had been nothing but meaningless lust, but it had always been more than that. It had been tender, and they had laughed, and spoke about their broken dreams and pathetic lives. She had seen more and more of Ben Solo every night, and less and less of Kylo Ren. "Your shirt is on inside out." She fumes, but turns around and strips from her jacket. "I hate you." He says nothing to this, but she can feel him watching as she slides off her shirt. And then he's on her faster than she can process, kissing her, leaving marks down her neck. She gasps at his touch. It's usually slow and agonizing, but now it's fast and desperate. "Don't go," he pleads against her neck, and she shudders in contempt and amazement. He kisses her once more, and only then does she rip away. "I have to," she whispers, breathless. He nods, but his loneliness says otherwise, and he runs his fingertip down the bite marks he left on her neck. She tries to tell herself that this is all a dream, a beautiful nightmare, but it's real. All of it. She pulls away, as if burned, and she can feel his hurt. "I love you," he snaps. This isn't the first false proclamation, and it certainly won't be the last. She doesn't doubt that he does love her, but he's like a miner that loves his gold. His love is more possession than compassion, and that somehow helps to convince her that this is nothing other than a relief from pain and stress. Almost like a hobby. A twisted, masochistic hobby that neither of them can stop. Kylo Ren loves her out of spite. She glares at him. Her shirt is thankfully back on, in the proper way, and she zips up her jacket to her chin as if to prove a point. "No, you don't." He feels frustrated, and he touches her shoulders briefly. He pulls away before she can shrug from his grip, and she knows his limited touch is on purpose. "I do." "That's a shame," she retorts. She tries to stop the words, but they fly from her mouth angrily. "That will make it harder for you to kill me." He scowls. Kylo Ren is excited by the prospect, but she feels Ben Solo flinch. If they were just one and the same, it would be so much easier to walk away. From this. From him. "I don't want to kill you," he protests. "I never wanted to kill you." That, she knows, is true. Even when she had slashed a scar across his face, when she was ready to spit on his grave, he had offered to teach her. He could've easily overpowered her that snowy evening, slammed her off the cliff, but he hadn't. He always found a way to leave her alive. Would it be some kind of sick mercy if she had died? If she had finished him off? "Stop," she hisses. She's rakes a hand through the tangles in her hair, puzzled and emotional. Some days she wishes she had never left Jakku. Staying in solitude feels a lot easier than this. "This is the last time," she states, and she doesn't have to explain it for him to understand. His expression tightens, hardens considerably, and he scoffs. "Whatever you say." "Don't give me that look," she retorts. "It will be." "That's what you said the last time," he drawls, somehow in a taunting manner. The corner of his lips lift up. Amused, almost. Hurt, barely. "And the time before that." "I hate you," she spits the words like they're ice on her tongue. She somehow knows she will be back before she even has left. Somehow. Some day. She only hopes that someone kills her before she can get the chance. She'd rather die a painfully slow death than be reduced to this. She hates herself for loving him so much, because she does. Truly. Unconditionally. She loves Ben Solo, she loves the way he smiles. She loves the way the smallest light within him builds and nearly flourishes whenever he sees her. "And I love you," he replies coldly. "I'll always find you." She slams the door behind her before he can say anything else. "I know," she mumbles. He always says that. It never fails to make her detest Kylo Ren even more, because she does despise the darkness in him. There's more bleakness than light, more pain than happiness, and she's not strong enough to fight for him anymore. He has to want it enough, too. She will meet him halfway, but until then, she will be prepared for when she has to kill him. Her only option is to hate him, but she still loves him in between the shades of reality. Chapter 2 : chapter two chapter two: distractions He's not sure when she happened. She's beautiful. He had known this the moment had met her, that year ago in the forest. Maybe that's why he hadn't let her fall to the ground. He had carried her. The light within was blinding. Exhilarating. But Kylo hadn't been deterred. She was nothing compared to him. Her beauty wasn't uncommon— he had been with prettier— but it was the lack of her knowledge to it that was so attracting. She had no idea. She still has no idea how… well-proportioned she is. Her hazel eyes are always bright, flecks of gold and green lingering within a warm brown. She's thin, too thin almost, and so unaware of her strength. He decides then that she's nothing more than a distraction, and she truly is. He thinks about her before he falls asleep. She's always on his mind, and he always wants more. He imagines if they had crossed in a different manner, had a different fate, one where he would kiss her without looking over his shoulder. He wishes their paths could've crossed in a different manner, one where they weren't destined to be on opposite sides of a spectrum. She is painfully beautiful, but she's also a fool. She's a fool to think that there is only peace, because what they have is nothing but raw passion. She's a fool to believe in Luke Skywalker rather than him, and a fool to even think she could one day destroy the first order. She may or may not be Kylo Ren's— Ben's— downfall, but Snoke is wise. Snoke is all knowing. His master could snuff out her light before she could even utter a protest. He's not sure when his thoughts are taken over by her. He's impressed by her, naturally. Her ability of the force counters one of Darth Vader's, but her power is energetic. It's blue. Powerful. Inspiring. He's like a leech to her light. Every touch, he tastes the serenity and goodness that Kylo has so been lacking. It's dangerous, he knows, practically toxic. Somewhat humiliating the way he desperately craves her. He breathes her in. The light is blisteringly warm against the darkness within. It's an addiction, and Kylo's spiraling. He decides that maybe he's obsessed with her. The way he calls out in the middle of the night, begging for a response. The way he lulls her with his mind, whispering her name in the midst of a war. Rey. Rey. Rey. It's an odd name, and it's been burned on his soul. He can't go a moment without thinking it. He's obsessed. He's infatuated. He hates how weak she makes him, but he loves her. It's sickening how much he loves her. She hates him, he knows. She hates him and will be more likely to plunge a lightsaber through his being. She wants him for an escape, for passion she can receive in no other place, but he wants her in different ways. She's beautiful, so there's that. She's also the light he's never felt before. The light he longed for as a depressed child. She touches him, sometimes tender when she forgets who he is, when her nails aren't purposely raking down his back, and he feels her in ways he knows he shouldn't. He loves her for her powers, and as his equal. He loves the way she's an early riser, always studying the brightness of the sunrise with a faint smile. He loves the way her eyes light up whenever she sees green. That's part of the reason he continues to pick that inn. It's filled to the brim with green. Flowers, shrubs, and trees surround it. Birds caw off in the distance. It's their place in the midst of catastrophe, and he latches onto the unstable barrier they've created. She wants him for his darkness. She's been surrounded by so much light in her life that she's somehow curious about him. He knows this. He doesn't need to read her thoughts to know. She's not the first one, but she will be the last. He wants her to himself, and he always gets what he wants. He can't figure out when this obsession started. He hates her, he's supposed to despise her for humiliating him, for making him something he's not, but instead he admires her for it. He adores her, more as a trophy than anything, but it's the closest thing he has to compassion. Kylo is strong, he knows this, relentless and unyielding. It's far more than simply impressive the way she can bend his very soul to her will, to seek out the light he's thought had been dismissed. "You have compassion for her." "What? For an enemy of the first order? No, no— never." "I perceived the problem. It isn't her strength that's making you fail. It's your weakness!" He remembers Snoke's disapproval. The way his sharp words cut him like a knife. He had vowed to hate her, to diminish whatever compassion he felt, but he just couldn't. And he still can't. He rakes a hand through his hair, splashes cold water to his face. She's infuriating. It'd be best to kill her next time, to save both of them the trouble, and a part of him wants to. A part of him needs to. He stares at the mirror. He runs a hand down his scar. She gave you that, he reminds himself, but somehow it doesn't matter. The disfigurement is ghastly looking, jagged and white, and he scowls at himself. He's angry at her for taking him down so easily, his willpower bending with her brightness, years of training shattering in the miniscule moments he held her over the cliff. She's an asset. Regardless of popular belief, he is not a sadist. He's never taken pleasure in watching people heedlessly suffer. He hurts because he has to, and because he has a short temper, but it's never enjoyment that drives him. Would killing Rey be a mercy? She could be in his arms when she died, she would be loved, rather than dying on a barren wasteland of war and tarnish. She's not naïve, but she is emotionally scarred, and those wounds bleed more than any. He puts on his helmet, and saunters out of his quarters. Hux meets him at the main door, his pale face morphing into a fruitlessly held back scowl. "Where were you?" "I had business to attend to," he snaps back. Images of the inn and what had occurred fill his mind, but he forces them back with pure willpower alone. The darkness surges through him as he storms past Hux— an arrogant bastard that doesn't have the mental capacity to truly understand power— and into the control room. Hux doesn't believe him. Kylo feels his distrust, his uneasiness. All that does is fuel his frustration. But he keeps quiet. Because unlike countless others, Hux is at least intelligent enough to know when to keep his mouth shut. Kylo knows what he needs to do. He needs to kill her, and soon, before she learns to harness the energy flittering inside her. He imagines slicing her down, and he loathes himself for that image. "The girl—" he begins. Because somehow Hux knows. He always knows. "The girl," Kylo snarls. "Is none of your concern." Hux stiffens at the murderous intent to his tone, and says nothing in response for a few moments. "Can I trust you?" He barks a laugh. "Are you questioning my devotion?" It sounds like a joke to Kylo Ren's ears. He will never be a traitor to the first order, but doubt tugs earnestly in the corner of his mind. Never is a strong, promising word. Kylo wonders briefly where he messed it all up so terribly. Was it when he had stalked her into the forest, like a moth goes to a flame? Was it when he stared at her after her capture, intently watching as she slept so stiffly? Or was it when they had battled, energies clashing, passion driving them, their sabers becoming more like their limbs than mere weapons. He doesn't know. All he knows is that he longed for her, in the same way that she longed for him. Whether she admits that or not. "Perhaps. There have been a lot of traitors lately. I'm just making sure you're in check." Hux stares blankly at Kylo. "Your hands are shaking." Kylo glances down. Despite their leather concealment, they are shaking. Tremendously. Hux gives him another dubious look before taking his leave, and Kylo Ren's cheeks flush with agitation. He wants nothing more than to let his rage overtake him, but he breathes heavily instead. He lets the humiliation drive him to self loathe, and finally pain, but it does nothing. His hands continue to shake. What he needs is a distraction. Where are you? He searches through her thoughts. He feels her, but she's blocking him most days. He feels her fear pique as he dives into her emotions. Her thoughts. Her and that traitor are in training. For something important, but she blurs that part out. The picture is not clear, but he can see her panting heavily. Her hair down and tangled. She sends him back harsh frustration at his prodding, her message so clipped and cut it's like hearing static explode in his ears. He's angry, suddenly. Furious at her abruptness. He loves her, why can't she see that? He wants her to be with him, as his equal, as his partner. Leave me alone. The message she sends back is clear as any. You know I can't do that. Yes, you can. She's exasperated now. He smirks faintly. I love you. She feels disgust. It radiates off of her mind. She feels disgusted with him, and with herself, because he also picks up on the buried lustfulness he feels. And she knows he knows. The longing for him. He can see her scoffing now, an illusion that isn't quite real, and she replies with more static. Her emotions aren't haywire. They're controlled. At peace. So unlike his own. I want you to come to me. He feels her like he feels his own flesh. She's overcome with an iciness to her form. A cold frost overwhelming her. She feels afraid, terrified, and lonely— and she wants him more than anything. I thought we both agreed— One last time. It's an unspoken plea. Tonight. That seems far too long to Kylo, but now can't possibly happen. Not when there's so much at stake on the finalizer. There's a pause. He suddenly can't hear anything from her. It's as if a numbness has exploded within her. There's nothing but silence. He feels panic. This occasionally happens, when their connection gets too far away, and he's always afraid that it will sever completely. That he will never hear her again. That he will never feel her thoughts again. Fine. Tonight. And then she's back, and his world explodes into color. a/n: this story is also on fanfiction.net, if you want to read ahead for more chapters. Chapter 3 : Needy Summary: They are the designers to their own catastrophe. "I love you," he snaps. She scoffs, fumbling with her clothes. This isn't the first false proclamation of love, and she's certain it won't be the last. "That's a shame. It'll make it harder for you to kill me." Rey/Kylo. In which Kylo and Rey set out to fix what has been broken. She feels sick again. It's a few days after she's met him again— this time will be the last time, surely it has to be—and the pleasure and exhilaration had provided a much needed escape. But the guilt is back now, and she's back to her old habits yet again. She feels disgusted with herself only a day after, and so sick to her stomach that constant nausea wracks her small frame. They hadn't spent much time speaking this time. Just feeling. Touching. And in a way, it made it a little easier. She had slipped away before even the crack of dawn, and she still feels his hurt. Even now. Hurt that shouldn't exist. Monsters don't feel hurt. They can't. She crosses her legs as Leia takes in her battered form. She trusts Leia, loves her like she's the mother she's never had, and since Kylo's abandonment, Leia is more than happy to take on the role of mother again. Rey pays attention now and then, hears snippets of what happened. That Kylo had slaughtered his friends, children, all for the sake of Snoke's acceptance. That Snoke had stalked him as a child, preyed on him for five years, until at the solemn year of fifteen, Ben finally buckled under the pressure and became Kylo Ren. She shudders at the idea. A fifteen year old. Only fifteen. He had been manipulated. Lied to. And Rey can't help but feel a pang of pity for the man she's laid with so many times before. Her hands are blistered from training, tender and raw, and Leia takes her time wrapping them with gauze and soothing cream. The General lectures Rey for pushing herself too hard— yet again— and Rey tries to fake an apologetic smile back. Fighting is the only thing that distracts her from him. Meditating blocks him, but only for so long. He somehow always manages to crawl underneath her skin and burrow himself there. She feels him in the most inconvenient moments, and it makes all the breath escape her lungs. It makes her feel diseased. Rey winces, fighting back another seethe as a burning sensation sends tingles from her fingertips down her arms. This happened because she's selfish. Because for the first time in her existence, she had wanted something more for herself. She wants to be loved, and she knows Finn loves her, but she can't give him what he wants. She's not the kind, normal that he so craves, and she never will be. He needs a little normality in his life. He needs a sweet, innocent girl that knows nothing of death and murder. A girl that is sheltered and can be his shelter. She cares about Finn, but not enough to ruin him. "You've probably pulled a ligament," Leia explains as Rey grits her teeth. A bead of sweat runs down her forehead from the near-agonizing pain. The sweet, soothing sound of tea fills the room, and Rey inhales and exhales slowly as the elderly woman tugs on her forearm gingerly. Rey loves their times together like this. It feels simple to be like this, together, just as a mother and daughter would. Bu then the self loathing comes back, again and again, and Rey knows how much Leia would hate her if she finds out. "I keep telling Luke to be less rough with you," she chides, tearing a rip from a bandage. Seeing Rey's protesting expression, a glimmer of amusement lighting her brown eyes. He has her eyes. A chestnut brown with flecks of gold, although she supposes his are far darker than Leia's. He has her hair too, long and thick. Her chin. The rest is Han's features, and she tries not to think about that. She also tries not to miss Han. Missing him would make it real, make it feasible, and she can't handle that idea. "I know you're a lot tougher than you look, but even you have limitations." She cocks her head to the side. "There's something different about the air around you now." That only adds to the nausea, and Rey bites down so hard on her tongue that she tastes blood. Her hair is down, and she's sweaty, and she hopes the heated flush to her face hides the lie that is threatening to escape through. "Is there?" Rey knows that she knows. She can feel Leia's force prodding and pushing, suspicion arising in the General's mind. Leia knows about Ben. About her feelings for him. To the extent of her relationship, Rey has no idea, and she's not certain she wants to know. Leia sighs, not in exasperation, but in a concerned fatigue, touching Rey's hands gingerly. Much like a mother would. "You are… special to my son." Rey stiffens. "I don't—" "He left you alive," Leia cuts off patiently. She places salve on her hand and smooths the cold oil over Rey's red flesh. "He took a specific interest in you. He had all the chances to kill you, but he didn't. He left you alive because he felt for you." She grips Rey's hand a bit tighter, forcing the young Jedi to stare the former princess in the eyes. "And that, my dear, is compassion." Rey swallows. "You know." It comes out like a question. Leia shakes her head quickly. The tea on the stove continues to brew. The fumes of the Earl Grey fill the small kitchen, but it does nothing to comfort Rey's countless anxieties when it usually does. "I don't know. Not really. But I do know that compassion is something that is felt only in the light." The shame rolls off Rey in waves. Just like the ocean, she feels like she's drowning in the remorse. It threatens to sink her very being, and she averts her eyes. She's felt the shame ever since he dared take off his mask to her. She's felt the guilt since she laid eyes on a pair of eyes and flesh rather than a robotic blank slate. "I don't—" Rey stammers. "I didn't—" Leia silences her with a tender smile. "He was always fond of you." She blinks. Stares. "What?" "Even when you were children, he loved you." The room suddenly feels hot. Overwhelming. Her face burns, and she nearly chokes on the tea fumes. She fumbles over her own breath, over her own words. Her head throbs, as if beating in synch with her thundering heart. "I can't…" Rey choked out. And she really can't. The memories are upon her like a mist gently caressing her face. Flashes of pouring rain. Lightning. Rey jerks away from the table so fast that the chair crashes to the floor. Leia flinches at the impact, and the General's hand finds hers again and gives it a tight squeeze. "It's okay to remember, Rey." She can't breathe. It's as if the walls are closing in, trapping her, suffocating her. "No— no— that never happened. He never happened!" The tea whistles, loudly, and it nearly causes her to stumble. She reaches for her lightsaber, squeezing the top of it with her thumb, seeking for a comfort that is not there. She can feel Kylo now, and his emotions are crazed with worry and concern. He calls out to her, and she hits his force away so fast that she's sure they both have whiplash now. "It did," Leia confirms, not meeting Rey's eyes now. The tea finishes, and there's a silence. Rey's panting, breathing heavily, and she ducks down and picks up the chair with trembling fingertips. Her arm still aches, but she ignores the throb. Her vision is woozy. Her eyesight blurs together with splotches of black. "I'm sorry. I have to go." She's out the door before Leia can stop her. It's dark outside, and no one is around. Finn calls out to her as she runs, but she ignores him. Somewhere in the back of her mind she notes that she needs to apologize for brushing aside his concern so rudely. She makes it to her room before she retches all over the floor, emptying her stomach. It splatters, and tastes terrible, but she feels much better after the nausea is gone. She cleans it up herself, her mess of bread and water, and crawls into bed. She's shivering and her mouth tastes rancid, but she's too tired and sweaty and sore to protest. She calls out to him, weakly, her thoughts nothing more than a raspy whimper. He feels like a radio she can't get a good read on. His emotions are a flurry of worry and fear, and she gets one solid message before she slips into unconsciousness. I'm coming for you.