The sound of blaster fire is everywhere. Kylo tries to ignore the sting of defeat, to ignore his suspicions of what may have happened to Snoke, and to focus on running. ‘Where are you taking me?’ Kylo calls to Hux. He runs ahead of Kylo as circuits in the corridor spark and smoke. The Resistance must have found a way to overload the power to take out some of the Finalizer’s functionality without cutting off vital services. Either the Resistance or the frighteningly organised cohort of mutinous Stormtroopers, that is. Kylo sincerely hopes Hux isn’t leading him into the middle of a shootout. Having to trust Hux is not a comfortable position to be in. ‘I’m saving your life,’ Hux snaps, ‘Little that you’ve done to deserve it.’ Kylo wonders if this is all a trap, an elaborate double-cross. Kylo’s seen Hux destroy an entire system, killing billions upon billions of sentient lifeforms. There’s really no telling what he might do. They turn a corner and are confronted by two blaster carrying Stormtroopers. Kylo throws out a hand and the soldiers are slammed against the walls of the ship. There’s a sickening crunch on impact, and they fall limply to floor. If they aren’t dead now, they will be before long. ‘Ren, what are you doing?’ Hux asks, turning on him angrily. ‘They might have been on our side .’ ‘We had no time to be sure.’ Kylo takes the troopers’ blasters and throws one to the general. ‘Let’s keep going.’ Hux glares at him for a second, but then does as Kylo suggests. The Finalizer has always been a behemoth of a ship. It’s only now, however, running for his life with every breath feeling as if it’s being torn out of his chest, that Kylo appreciates the sheer scale of the vessel. It feels like they’ve spanned every one of the ship’s polished walkways by the time they reach their destination. A dead end. Kylo begins to ask what’s going on, but Hux just grabs the front of his cape and tugs him a couple of inches forward as he presses a hidden panel in the wall. Hux seizes Kylo’s blaster and throws it, along with his own, into the corridor they’ve just come from. A wall descends from behind Kylo while the one in front of them pulls down to reveal a cockpit. They’re in a ship. Why are they in a ship? A tiny ship within a ship, with an extremely unsophisticated control panel and no firepower. Even less since Hux got rid of the blasters. ‘What are you doing?’ he asks, rounding on Hux, making the most of the couple of inches he has on him height-wise. ‘I want to fight!’ ‘You don’t want to fight,’ Hux replies, ‘You just have grandiose delusions of martyrdom.’ ‘What use is running away?’ Kylo’s hands – the only weapons left to him – are balled into fists. He’s a coiled spring, ready to lash out at Hux, the ship, anything. Hux turns to the console, and begins to initiate a launch sequence. ‘Have you ever heard the saying ‘he who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day’?’ ‘No?’ ‘Good,’ says Hux, still facing away from Kylo, waiting for some kind of response from the craft, ‘It’s glib and facile. However, in this situation I do believe it’s applicable. If we die, we die. If we live, we’ve bought ourselves a second chance at rebuilding the Order, at taking control of the galaxy. It’s for precisely this eventuality that the Supreme Leader permitted the installation of an escape pod for his highest ranking officer and his… protégé.’ Kylo is fuming. He’s unwilling to admit it but Hux might actually have a point. The small vessel shudders, and launches itself into space, almost immediately accelerating to lightspeed. As far as escape pods go, it’s a very effective one. ‘Hux, how –‘ ‘Quiet, Ren,’ Hux replies, searching for something in a compartment on the wall adjacent to the control panel. He pulls out a bundle of clothes, and throws some over to Kylo. ‘Change.’ Hux turns away from Kylo, faces the wall and begins to unfasten his belt. Kylo would like to take a stab at the general’s prudishness but the pod is small for two grown men, and he’s not sure if now is really the time to confront Hux with his naked body just to make a point. Sighing, Kylo turns to face the opposite wall and divests himself of his cape, belted surcoat, and the leather garments worn beneath them until he stands in his underclothes. He takes the first item of clothing Hux passed him – a white long-sleeved shirt, unembellished and worn-looking – and pulls it on. It is tight, but not uncomfortably so. The black pants are a little short in the leg, but once Kylo has pulled his boots back on there is no discernible sign of poor fit. He clicks a belt into place and pulls on a green jacket made of some kind of leather before turning back around to face Hux, who is likewise newly attired in clothes that look weathered and worn but still in decent overall condition. His outfit seems to fit him better – green shirt, brown trousers with lots of pockets. He has different shoes, and is carrying a blue pullover instead of a jacket. ‘Stop gawking, Ren,’ Hux snaps, ‘We need to prepare ourselves.’ Kylo looks into the cockpit. They’ve come out of lightspeed and are fast approaching a murky looking brown-green planet. ‘Where is this thing taking us?’ he asks. ‘The escape pod is programmed to deliver us to a random non-hostile world upon activation,’ Hux informs him, looking at a holoscreen on the control panel. ‘We have been sent to a planet known to locals as Nakaal.’ ‘Do you know it?’ ‘Slightly,’ Hux tells him, frowning, ‘We passed it on our way out of the Unknown Regions. Dull, backwater place. Asked to be allowed to remain neutral It wasn’t considered of enough strategic importance for the Order to consider stationing any troops there.’ ‘Why are we going there?’ Kylo asks, pushing Hux out of the way and placing himself in the pilot’s seat, ‘There must be a First Order base we can go to. There must be somewhere useful .’ He tries to operate the controls, but nothing Kylo can do is altering the ship’s course. ‘It’s locked onto its path,’ Hux tells him, taking things from compartments around the ship and stuffing them into a backpack. ‘The ship operates on the assumption that in circumstances desperate enough to necessitate its use, no Order base can be considered truly safe.’ Kylo sighs in frustrated resignation and instead turns to Hux and passes him his discarded surcoat. ‘What do you think I want that for?’ Hux asks, wrinkling his nose. ‘I thought you were packing.’ ‘I am,’ says Hux, tying the pullover round his waist and slinging the bag over his shoulder. ‘But it would be sheer idiocy for us to take anything that would so definitively tie ourselves to the First Order. We don’t know what kind of galaxy we’ll be living in a week, a month from now.’ The ship approaches the surface of the planet – a rainy, marshy world Kylo can see now, not unlike the planet on which he trained under Snoke’s tutelage. The memory is hardly a welcome one. The ship lands. ‘Get out!’ Hux calls to Kylo as a door opens. ‘Get out quickly.’ Hux dashes out of the door and into the surrounding marshland. Kylo follows. Hux takes cover behind a bank some distance away from the ship, and Kylo jumps down to join him just as he hears the noise and feels the heat of a massive explosion behind him. ‘Why has our ship just blown up?’ Kylo asks Hux, through gritted teeth. ‘Trace of our having arrived here from the Finalizer. Programmed to self-destruct seven seconds following impact.’ ‘There were things on there we could have used! We could have used the ship to take us someplace else.’ Hux shakes his head. ‘The ship is single use only. Too risky to fly it again even if we still had it. Now come on,’ he tells Kylo, standing up from behind the bank and scraping the worst of the mud off his knees. It begins to rain. ‘The ship should have dropped us off within reach of a settlement, but just far away enough for our arrival to remain covert. If we head off now we should be able to make it there by nightfall.’ He looks around the rainy landscape. Clouds obscure the sky, and give the land a gloomy, overcast look. ‘Whenever nightfall is on this godforsaken excuse for a planet.’ Hux heads off into the rain, and Kylo trudges after him. He seems to be doing a lot of this today – having to follow Hux. Having to trust him. Hux’s feet keep sinking into the mud and Kylo wonders if his new boots are weatherproofed. Not that it matters, particularly, given that the rest of their clothes are hardly suitable for this climate. Kylo hopes it’s not far to the nearest settlement, because before long he’ll be soaked to the skin. ‘General,’ he says, ‘If you stand on the greener patches of vegetation you’re less likely to sink into the mud.’ ‘Don’t call me ‘General,’’ snaps Hux. Though he hasn’t acknowledged his advice in any way, Kylo notices that Hux is making more of an effort to stride from one clump of greenery to another, avoiding the browner areas of grass. Kylo watches Hux moving from less marshy area to less marshy area as he follows behind him. He imagines viewing the scene as an impartial observer, and concludes that nobody would on a casual glance imagine Hux to be a general of the First Order. He looks weedy and bedraggled. The rain has forced his perfectly coiffed hair out of place. It hangs limply over his forehead and Hux keeps having to brush it back out of his eyes. There’s no disguising the fact that they’re woefully ill-prepared for the weather, but otherwise their clothes seem fairly typical of less affluent members of society, itinerant workers perhaps, or some lowlife trader’s lackeys. Kylo is both comforted and somewhat affronted by there now being little to mark him out as anything other than a regular galactic citizen. They continue walking for quite some time, the sky growing ever darker, although whether from night drawing in or an impending storm isn’t clear to Kylo. ‘Where’s this settlement, Hux?’ he asks, crossing his arms and shoving his hands under his pits to try and warm them even a little. ‘It’s over the next ridge,’ Hux calls. ‘Right.’ Kylo doesn’t try to hide his scepticism, and Hux glares back at him. It’s Hux who gets the last laugh though, because when they reach the top of the small hill Kylo finds himself looking down on a lake, and on the lake a small town. The buildings are mostly hemispherical and appear to float on the water. They are joined by a concourse of ferrocrete walkways and plazas. There don’t seem to be many lifeforms abroad in the settlement, but from this height it’s difficult to tell. ‘Did the ship also furnish you with a plan?’ Kylo asks Hux, sarcastically. ‘We’ll try and find some kind of provincial meeting place. A bar, a cantina. Somewhere that can provide us with a place to stay.’ ‘A ‘provincial meeting place’? I’m sure you’ll fit in perfectly.’ ‘If anyone asks,’ glares Hux, 'We were travelling into the Unknown Regions when our ship crashed.’ Hux stalks off irritably towards the lake, and Kylo trudges after him. Kylo would have liked more time to straighten out their story, to figure out a plan of action, but voicing his concerns in front of Hux would look too much like weakness. He resolves that if anything goes wrong he will abandon Hux at the first opportunity, fighting his way out and to the nearest ship. On approaching the town Kylo sees that the domed buildings are considerably bigger than they had seemed from the top of the hill. The settlement is still far from imposing, but not exactly the kind of dead end rural village where complete ignorance of galactic affairs would be reassuringly probable. The people in a town like this would surely know something of the conflict between the Resistance and the First Order even if it was confused and outdated gossip. He glances over at Hux as they enter the town but if the general has any similar misgivings Kylo can’t immediately detect them. They stride down a wide ferrocrete boulevard, and to his credit Hux manages to seem as if he knows where he’s going. It’s possible he has more of an idea than Kylo – it would be just like Hux to hold back more information than he was willing to share with the Master of the Knights of Ren. But then again, maybe Hux has just learnt how to appear to be in control. Kylo slumps his shoulders a little and keeps his head down. He doesn’t want to be singled out by either his height or the scar that runs across his face. He will attract less attention by making efforts to look less like a soldier. Hux seems to be trying to do the same thing. His hands keep drifting behind his back as if defaulting to parade stance, and he keeps just catching himself and shoving his arms resolutely down by his sides. Eventually, and Kylo smugly senses the waves of anger and humiliation coming off him, Hux realises that the solution to the problem of his posture is to shove his hands deep into his pockets like a sullen teenager. Not that Kylo can imagine Hux doing such a thing even when he was a teenager. He wouldn’t be surprised to discover that the general had been born giving a military salute with a birthmark on his left arm to indicate rank. They approach one of the town’s few non-hemispherical buildings, a tall stone tower of some considerable age. The door is open, the lights are on, and music is being played inside. A sign above the door announces simply ‘Cantina.’ Not the most original of names, or the most informative, but Kylo reasons that in a small town on a relatively uninhabited planet there probably isn’t much in the way of competition to from which to differentiate yourself. He looks over at Hux, and they make their way through the doorway. The place is relatively empty, so Kylo and Hux head to a booth far away from any of the bar’s other patrons. This doesn’t seem to be an unusual course of action – everyone present seems content keeping themselves to themselves, but whether they’re criminals or just unfriendly Kylo isn’t sure. It hardly matters anyway. He takes a seat across from Hux, and removes his soaking jacket. Hux is also preoccupied with trying to minimise the effects of the rain. He checks inside the backpack to see if its contents are dry, and seems satisfied. He then turns his attention to the removal of his pullover. Hux’s clothing is even less waterproof than Kylo’s it seems – when he takes off his outer layer of clothing his shirt is also soaked through. It clings to Hux’s slender torso; Kylo can make out the peaks of his nipples. He swallows, and looks away. Hux shudders slightly, even though the cantina is very warm compared to the marshland outside. ‘Are you all right?’ Kylo asks him. ‘I’m fine,’ Hux informs him, irritably, before continuing in a low voice. ‘We need to plan our next step.’ ‘You don’t say,’ mutters Kylo. ‘For a start, we should probably buy drinks before they decide to kick us out.’ He pauses, checking his pockets, a ridiculous gesture given the unlikeliness of anything having appeared there, and the amount of years he’s spent carrying no currency whatsoever. ‘Do you have any credits?’ ‘Yes,’ Hux tells him, ‘But not many.’ He produces two chips from a pouch in the backpack, and gives one to Kylo. ‘What do you want to drink?’ Hux looks around the cantina and wrinkles his nose. ‘Whatever everyone else is having, I suppose,’ he huffs, folding his arms. ‘Right.’ Kylo heads over to the bar. There’s already more of a crowd then when they walked in – it must be getting on to night time after all. He takes the opportunity of being out of the booth to take a look around. The cantina doesn’t seem to have been purpose-built - far from it. The bar has ended up awkwardly stuffed at one end of an oblong room, a raised dais behind it presumably serving as some kind of stage. Not that there are any performers in tonight - the music is instead being pumped in from somewhere behind the scenes. Apart from a couple of Anarrians in the far corner the clientele of the cantina seems to be mostly human, and mostly drinking a dark brown beverage they all referred to as ‘Smuggler’s.’ The appeal of Smuggler’s to be that you can buy four pints for under one credit. Kylo orders two pints of the drink from the bartender and brings them back to the booth. Hux is looking as annoyed as ever, but considerably less cold and wet. Kylo shoves a handful of credits at him. ‘Bartender asked if I had anything smaller,’ he tells him. ‘Did they seem suspicious?’ asks Hux, stowing away the change. ‘I don’t think so,’ says Kylo, sliding back into his seat, ‘Just confused.’ ‘Well,’ mutters Hux, ‘Can’t be helped I suppose.’ Kylo takes a sip of his drink and fights back a grimace. Hux smirks, and tries his own pint. He shakes his head, but manages to hide his disgust with considerably more success. They sit and sip in silence for a moment. ‘I’m still not convinced this isn’t just marsh water,’ says Kylo, holding his glass up to the light hanging from the vaulted ceiling. Hux shushes him angrily. ‘We need somewhere to stay,’ he reminds him, ‘Angering the locals is hardly going to help our case.’ Kylo looks around spots the woman who had been working the bar wandering around collecting glasses. She heads to the booth next to theirs and Kylo tries to attract her attention. ‘Hey. Hey, do you have a second?’ The bartender adds three glasses to her tray and heads over to where they’re sitting. She doesn’t seem perturbed or wary. Kylo supposes that working in a sketchy place like this she’s probably used to far stranger customers than two damp and angry men. ‘Hey,’ she smiles, ‘You guys enjoying your Smuggler’s Ale?’ Hux and Kylo look at each other. ‘Yes,’ Hux lies, ‘Very much so, thank you.’ The bartender bursts out laughing. ‘Well good on you – cheap as muck and you get what you pay for. Still, you’ll find it has its fans, although whether it’s the price, the taste, or the pungent aroma, who can say?’ Kylo and Hux laugh awkwardly. The bartender seems very young. She has light brown skin, pale, wide-set eyes and long, flat hair with a braid running down either side of her face. She’s pretty, and Kylo wonders what she’s doing on Nakaal. He’s always assumed that anyone even slightly exceptional would sooner or later find themselves dragged into part of some larger galactic narrative, and yet here is this young woman, serving undrinkable beverages to people with faces like the back ends of banthas. ‘As you may have guessed,’ Hux tells her, ‘My friend and I are new in town. We’re looking for a place to stay. Do you know of anywhere with rooms to let?’ ‘Yep,’ she replies, ‘And you’re sat in it. Cantina’s just about the only place in town let’s people stay there.’ ‘Can we rent rooms here?’ asks Kylo. ‘Well,’ the bartender continues, repositioning her tray of glasses so it’s balanced on her hip, ‘It’s room, singular, at the moment I’m afraid. Alba Tremara’s whole crew seem to have quit upon landing and they’re all holed up here with nothing to do. I think Alba’s just biding her time until they get desperate enough to return.’ ‘We’ll take the room,’ says Hux, quickly. ‘It’ll be eight credits a night.’ ‘Great,’ says Kylo. ‘Great, we’ll take it.’ Hux starts to root around in the backpack, but the bartender stops him with a wave of her hand. ‘It’s cool, you can pay when you’re ready to go to the room.’ She scratches the side of her head. ‘Probably needs looking over before you stay there anyway. When you’ve finished up here ask for ‘Astrid’ at the bar.’ She jabs a finger at a name badge pinned to her shirt. ‘One more thing,’ says Kylo, just as she’s about to leave. ‘This Alba Tremara – she’s looking for more crewmembers?’ ‘Yeah,’ Astrid replies, ‘She’ll be here some time tomorrow morning if you want to speak to her.’ She pauses. ‘Don’t you guys have your own ship? There’s no way you’re Nakaal locals, and, honestly, I mean that as a compliment.’ ‘It crash-landed,’ Hux tells her. ‘We got away unscathed, but the ship blew up.’ ‘You don’t look in such bad shape for two guys who just escaped a crash and an explosion.’ Her eyes narrow suspiciously. For a second Kylo thinks she’s going to ask more difficult questions, and figure out they aren’t who they seem to be, and then… Instinctively his hand reaches for his lightsaber, but his lightsaber isn’t there. Of course it isn’t, it was taken from him in combat by the scavenger girl, and now who knew where it might be. In the end, the bartender just shrugs, and waves her hand dismissively. ‘Whatever. Just come and get me when you’re ready to turn in.’ She turns away, and gets back to collecting plates and glasses. Kylo breathes a sigh of relief, and sees out of the corner of his eye that Hux is also looking a lot more relaxed. Kylo supposes the young woman must have got used to ignoring lot of suspicious and illegal-seeming things over the years – it’s part of the territory as far as living and working on a frontier world is concerned. All the same, it’s still worrying how close they’ve gotten to being uncovered, and so soon into their escape. ‘We’ve nearly got through all our money,’ Hux informs Kylo. ‘We can only afford to stay two nights here. We ought to have negotiated on the price. Eight credits! It’s extortionate.’ ‘Really, general?’ replies Kylo, with mock politeness, ‘And I suppose you have a great deal of knowledge concerning the price of rooms in backwater planet cantinas?’ ‘I told you not to call me that,’ says Hux, before taking a gulp of his ale. He doesn’t even wince at the taste or the oddly viscous consistency, and despite himself, Kylo is impressed. ‘We should meet Alba Tremara tomorrow,’ he tells Hux, ‘And ask about joining her crew.’ ‘Why?’ asks Hux, ‘We don’t even know where she’s headed. Not to mention we need credits, not backbreaking labour for little reward.’ ‘Wherever she’s going we’ll be going somewhere,’ Kylo points out, ‘As long as she’s not going to be flying right into a Resistance stronghold we should take the chance to get out of here. If we keep moving we’ll be less easy to track. We’ll be able to build up a backstory that will be plausible because some of it will be true . We can start by hitching a ride with Tremara and once we have the credits or we have the opportunity to take control of a ship we can get back to whichever Order bases are still strong.’ ‘Of course,’ murmurs Hux, ‘Our glorious return.’ He seems lost in thought for a moment. ‘Look, Ren, if you want to go and travel with this Tremara, or whoever… Together we’re more of a target. Individually we might stand a better chance of slipping through the net.’ He swigs his drink again. ‘What I’m saying is – the choice is yours.’ ‘What?’ Kylo asks him, ‘Are you joking? You have all our supplies, all our credits!’ ‘I’d split them,’ Hux replies, leaning back in his seat and folding his arms. ‘The supplies, the credits. Well,’ he looks up at Kylo, ‘Apart from the eight credits we’ve already agreed to spend on the room. Half of the rest of the credits.’ Kylo’s eyes narrow. This feels like some sort of trick, and yet it’s hard to fault Hux’s logic. Two wanted men travelling together seems like a much easier target for the Resistance to aim for. But then again… Hux isn’t a fighter. Kylo is. Kylo hasn’t planned for this eventuality. Hux has. And besides, Kylo tells himself, what’s to say that Hux won’t turn him in the moment he leaves, trying to win favour with the Resistance by bringing in the Master of the Knights of Ren himself? That might get him… Well, it might prevent them from executing him, anyway. ‘No,’ Kylo decides, ‘We stay together. We might be more easily recognisable, but we’re also more likely to make our way back to your soldiers if we work as a team. I mean, look at you,’ he adds, smugly, ‘You wouldn’t last five minutes without me.’ ‘Suit yourself,’ shrugs Hux, downing his drink in a final gulp. ‘But as I said, it’s your choice. Now, I intend to go to the bar, and use our shared credits to purchase another, more palatable drink. I will return in the company of a large gin.’ They stay in the cantina for another hour or so. Hux pronounces his gin and tonic ‘undrinkable,’ shortly before drinking it in its entirety, but he doesn’t go back for another. Kylo sticks to the one pint of ale. He’s unused to alcohol, and besides, they’re trying to save credits. After most of the cantina’s customers have left, they go in search of Astrid. ‘What name shall I put the room under?’ she asks them, after accepting Hux’s payment. She pulls out a datapad from behind the bar. ‘Argent,’ says Hux, not missing a beat. ‘You got documentation?’ Kylo feels his chest tighten in panic, but apparently Hux does have documentation because he reaches into the backpack and produces a small, tattered folder which the bartender flicks through before handing it back. ‘Thanks,’ she says, ‘Follow me.’ She leads them through a door on the opposite wall of the cantina to the one through which they entered, and leads them up a rough stone flight of stairs. They reach a landing on which there are several doors, and she unlocks one with the swipe of a card. ‘There you go,’ she tells them. ‘Check out is before noon tomorrow. If you’re late you have to pay the next night’s fee.’ Distant sounds indicate that a fight might have broken out in the cantina. Astrid hands Hux the card, and hurries back down the stairs. The room is small, and has a distinct feeling of shabbiness. The walls are bare stone, and so is the floor, albeit with several mismatched rugs strewn across it. There’s a fireplace, which looks like it might be old enough to have once contained an actual fire. Now the room is clearly heated by some other means, and in the fireplace there’s just an optional holodisplay of some flames. Kylo puts his jacket down on an armchair and starts to remove the rest of his clothes. They aren’t wet anymore, but the mud and dirt has dried on them in a thick crust, and they are far from pleasant to wear. Keeping on just his underwear, he sits down on the bed and tries to brush off the mud that has adhered to his skin. ‘Do we have anything to clean ourselves with?’ Hux shakes his head as he roots through the backpack. ‘No, just dentibrushes.’ He throws one over to Kylo, who runs it across his teeth, the ultrasonic vibrations and mint-flavoured cleaning gel going some way to mask the taste of the Smuggler’s ale. Giving up on the mud removal as a lost cause, Kylo lies down on one side of the bed. Hux looks away. He hangs his pullover over the back of the armchair, and removes his boots. He’s still standing, but in a way that is oddly purposeless, as if for once he isn’t sure what to do. Having apparently made up his mind, Hux retrieves a spare blanket from the cupboard and lies down fully clothed on one of the rugs. Kylo rolls his eyes. Hux is so stuck up that he’ll deliberately make his own life a misery rather than share. Well, he can do what he wants. He’s only making things difficult for himself. Even though Kylo has the bed, Hux is the one who gets to sleep first. Kylo can hear him sometimes muttering unintelligibly, and sometimes making little snoring noises. He seems fairly peaceful, and Kylo finds the noise along with the sound of an ongoing downpour outside to be oddly soothing. In the stillness of their room, he uses the Force to reach outside of himself, and brush up against the consciousness of other people. Hux, he finds easily. He’s used to the general’s agitated presence, and even now in his relative calm Kylo can still read the traces of carefully repressed stress and annoyance like an aftershock. He doesn’t dig too deep. Hux might sense the intrusion, and besides, it’s not really Hux that he’s looking for. He closes his eyes and moves on. There are the presences of the various people in and around the cantina, and those out in the town. There aren’t many of them, not in comparison to the number of lifeforms on a world more densely populated, and not even to the number of individuals usually present on the Finalizer. None of them particularly catch Kylo’s attention, and he can’t risk spending too long on anyone for fear they might sense his presence in their mind and recognise it for what it is – the work of a Force-user. Instead, he skims past them, using them to centre himself as he reaches out to a spot in the universe, or, rather, in the framework of the universe as reflected in the Force. A particular spot which for all his life has been occupied: the place he would seek out the presence of Snoke. Kylo strains to make contact with the consciousness of the Supreme Leader, but he can’t reach anything. He isn’t being denied access, or misdirected, he is simply encountering an absence, a gap recently vacated, with only vague traces and outlines to show what was once there. Kylo wonders what he feels about this. Perhaps he ought to feel sadness, or shame at having let down his mentor, his master. But he can’t feel anything, not for Snoke, only a notion of himself as adrift, directionless. He curls himself into the empty space of Snoke’s extinct consciousness just as he does into the physical space of the bed, and in it he finds more comfort than he has had in years. Kylo falls asleep with his mind in one place and his body in another, but for the first time with a sensation he hasn’t felt in such a long time. He feels that the possession of both of them is entirely his own, and it is the most terrifyingly glorious feeling. It sends him to sleep and fills up his dreams. Chapter 2 ‘Ren!’ Someone is shaking Kylo’s shoulder. The room is now filled with light. Kylo tries to hide his head under the covers. ‘ Ren !’ Kylo opens his eyes slowly and reluctantly. Hux stands in front of him. He’s already dressed, but seeing as he slept in his clothes Kylo really has no idea long he’s been up and about. ‘If we want to meet this Alba Tremara then you’re going to have to get up.’ Groaning, Kylo swings his legs over to the side of the bed. He feels groggy and barely even half-awake and Hux looks… not well-rested, he never looks that, but certainly he looks just the same as he ever does. Pale, alert, irritable. Kylo pulls on his shirt and trousers. ‘Is there a bathroom anywhere?’ ‘Yes, two doors down,’ Hux frowns, ‘But it’s just a refresher and a sink.’ As Kylo stands to make his way out into the corridor his stomach makes a loud growling noise. Hux shoots him a look of disgust, as if the very ownership of a digestive system might constitute an affront to basic human decency. ‘Do we have any food in that backpack of yours?’ Kylo grumbles. ‘Yes,’ says Hux, ‘But only as ration portions.’ Kylo nods in dull acceptance, and heads out to the bathroom. It’s tiny, one ‘fresher for who knows how many rooms. While he’s taking a leak he looks out of the small window. It’s still raining, albeit much less heavily than the previous evening. As he goes to wash his hands he realises that the sink isn’t a sonic, but instead a dull old faucet that has some sort of metallic coating flaking off it. The water that comes out is a murky brown colour, and may as well have been dredged straight up from the lake. Still, Kylo dips his hands in the water and splashes some on his face before he returns to Hux, who waits impatiently in the corridor for him to get his boots on. They head down to the cantina. Astrid isn’t on duty anymore, and Kylo wonders why he expected her to be – she could hardly do the night and morning shifts. He wishes she were here all the same. They ought to be minimising the number of individuals they interact with to reduce the chance of being recognised. Hux goes up to the bar to talk to the bartender who is there now. It’s a man this time, much older and uglier than Astrid, although there’s enough of a resemblance to make Kylo wonder if this might be some older relative of hers. The man gestures over to a corner of the cantina. Hux looks at Kylo, and jerks his head indicating he should follow him. They walk over to a crolute who sits in a booth and smoking a pipe. The pipe has a long tube attached to a free-standing device in the centre of the table. There’s liquid in a vessel at the bottom of the contraption, and Kylo guesses the smoke is somehow drawn through water. He’s seen similar, more sophisticated versions of this device, although never having used one he isn’t sure exactly what the purpose of this is, and he wonders how she can trust the plumbing on this planet enough to imbibe its water in any form. ‘Are you Alba Tremara?’ asks Hux. The crolute takes the pipe out of her mouth and exhales a thick cloud of greenish smoke. It has the acrid smell of tar, and an undertone of something earthy and unpleasant, but it’s also perfumed somehow with a heady, incense-like fragrance that Kylo thinks he remembers from somewhere but can’t quite place. ‘Who wants to know?’ she grunts. ‘My associate and I,’ says Hux, dragging Kylo closer, ‘Are looking for employment, and we were informed of vacancies available on your vessel.’ Tremara narrows her eyes suspiciously, and takes another drag on her pipe. ‘I might have,’ she tells them, ‘I might have some vacancies. But it’s food and board only. Destination is Eiridian. No stops, no detours. Not a bad world though. Opportunities in Eiridian.’ ‘That’s more than satisfactory,’ Hux replies. Hux’s accent is not in itself unusual or uncommon in inhabitants of the core worlds. Still, the clipped, brisk way he talks and the words he chooses aren’t exactly typical of men desperately seeking work on any freighter that passes through. Kylo wonders if he should have insisted on doing the talking. ‘Names?’ ‘Cal Argent,’ Hux tells her. ‘And Andrast Mill.’ ‘You got papers?’ puffs Tremara. Hux produces them from the backpack. She flicks through the supplied documents. ‘These seem to be in order,’ she tells Hux, ‘But these are just yours. None for your… companion?’ ‘Our ship crashed,’ Hux says, ‘We took what we could but Andrast didn’t have his documents to hand.’ Tremara looks slowly from Hux to Kylo and back again. After looking them both up and down a couple of times her eyes settle on Kylo. ‘You here of your own free will?’ she asks him. ‘What?’ At first Kylo doesn’t realise what she’s asking, and has no idea how to answer, but then it slowly and sickeningly dawns. ‘Yes,’ he insists, ‘Yes, I am.’ The crolute shrugs. ‘I gotta ask, you know?’ she grumbles, tapping her pipe against the edge of the table. ‘Two people travelling, one doesn’t have any documentation. More than my money’s worth to end up ferrying a slaver and his cargo across the galaxy. I’ve got my own business ventures to protect.’ ‘Will you take us?’ asks Hux. He’s trying to remain calm but Kylo can see the impatience bubbling underneath the surface. ‘Depends. Depends on what you’ve got to offer me.’ Hux and Kylo look at each other. Kylo wonders if Hux is facing the same dilemma he is, unsure what skills they have that would be useful to Tremara but that aren’t implausibly advanced or too specialised to be useful. ‘I’ll take that as a big fat lump of nothing,’ grunts Tremara. ‘Sorry boys, I don’t need any more untrained layabouts good for cleaning and lifting and nothin’ else.’ She gets up to leave, placing her pipe device on a small wheeled trolley with a handle attached, presumably to allow her to keep smoking on the go. ‘Wait!’ says Hux, stepping forward to block her path. ‘What kind of crewmembers do you need ?. If you tell us what you’re looking for, we can tell you if we’re able to do it.’ Annoyance flashes across Tremara’s face, but then she considers Hux’s offer. ‘I need a mechanic,’ she says, in a resigned tone. Hux looks disheartened. Tremara rolls her eyes in disappointment. The smell of the smoke, perfumed with something gorgeous and half-remembered is filling Kylo’s senses, but still something rises, almost unbidden, out of Kylo’s memory, he speaks something from a part of his life he’d long worked to forget. ‘I can do that,’ he says, feeling as surprised as Hux looks at the words coming out of his mouth. ‘I can do that. I mean; I’m a mechanic.’ Tremara shifts her bulk to face him. ‘You are?’ she asks. She doesn’t seem willing to trust him yet, but there’s something like hope in her small eyes. ‘Yes,’ he replies, and tries to sound more certain about it this time. ‘Think you can fix the temperature controls on my freighter? It’s pretty standard equipment but it’s been playing up for weeks now and my last mechanic couldn’t mend it for shit.’ ‘Yes,’ says Kylo, and as he says it he realises it’s true. ‘I should be able to fix that. Yes.’ ‘Well,’ says Tremara, pulling back, and clapping Kylo on the shoulder with what he thinks is affection, ‘Welcome aboard!’ She narrows her eyes at Hux. ‘You’ll have to pull your wait too, mind. And you’ll be sharing a bunk. It’s a small ship.’ ‘That’s fine,’ Kylo steps in between them. He doesn’t want Hux to say anything now to ruin their chances. ‘We can share.’ Tremara chuckles, looking from Hux to Kylo and back again. ‘Should’ve guessed,’ she mutters, slumping back into her booth. ‘Ship is over the hill in that direction.’ She points out the way with a wave of a thick-fingered hand. ‘I didn’t know you could do ship repairs,’ says Hux, once they’re out of town and making their way up the hill on the opposite side of the lake from where they’d approached. It sounds like an accusation. ‘I’m sure there’s lots of things you don’t know about me,’ Kylo replies. Hux leads the way. The backpack is weighing him down quite considerably, but Kylo has little inclination to offer him any help. He watches him struggle. Hux’s clothes are slightly loose on him. His parade uniform had been big too, but built in a way to make Hux seem bigger. In civilian clothes the slight bagginess serves instead to make him look smaller and thinner. He doesn’t look like the sort of man who had once held the fate of billions in his hands, although admittedly he has yet to drop the habit of speaking like one. They reach the crest of the hill, and ahead of them is a flat, relatively unmuddied area which seems to be used for landing ships. Though the area itself is expansive, apart from the large freighter that must belong to Alba Tremara there are only a few smaller vessels, probably not even designed to leave Nakaal’s atmosphere. Tremara’s ship is grey, hulking, old, and not much of which to be proud. Kylo’s not surprised Tremara’s having trouble with the temperature controls, he’s surprised the thing’s even flying. On the side of the hull is the ship's name. "Blue Ardor." There's nothing particularly blue about the ship, or inspiring of devotion for that matter, but the name seems familiar for some reason, which is weird. There'd be no reason for Kylo to have encountered the vessel before, and he can't think of another context in which he might have heard such a fanciful name. The walkway is down, and as they approach Kylo sees that a woman is sitting on a ledge next to the ship’s entrance, her legs are hanging over the edge. She’s about twenty feet above ground, but she seems unconcerned by the height, taking small, calm drags on a cigarette. She’s wearing some kind of pink belted tunic and white cut-off trousers. She doesn’t look like the crewmember of any ship Kylo’s seen before. ‘Hey,’ Kylo calls to her. The woman frowns, and irritably flips a thick braid of black hair over her shoulder. He hears the faint jingling of a bell attached to the end of it. ‘We’ll be joining you. I’m the new mechanic.’ The woman takes one deep breath on her cigarette before stubbing it out on the hull of the ship and tossing it to the ground. She stands up, and gestures for them to follow her inside. ‘I’m surprised you’re forced to smoke outside,’ says Hux, in what seems to be an attempt at comradery, ‘Given how much your captain seems to indulge.’ ‘We don’t have to smoke outside,’ says the woman, as they enter the ship, ‘I just hate talking to everyone on this kriffing freighter.’ ‘Oh,’ says Hux, looking taken aback. In any other situation Kylo would have found it amusing, but, as it is, they need to secure their place on this ship. So he glares at him accusingly, and follows the woman into what seems to be a large common area with the ship’s medbay in one corner. There’s metal staircase next to a door marked ‘pilots only’ - which Kylo can only assume leads to the cockpit - and another to their right leading down to the hold. ‘Names,’ she says. It must be a question, even though she hasn’t bothered to phrase it as such. ‘Andrast,’ says Kylo, ‘And this is Cal.’ The woman nods, but doesn’t turn around as she leads them through a door to the immediate left of the hatch. ‘Kira,’ she says. Now that they’re in close proximity Kylo can see the rippling muscles of her arms and calves. The rest of her is covered by her loose clothing, but he wouldn’t be at all surprised if it was just as built. Kylo wonders what her position is on the ship, but doesn’t think it a good idea to ask. ‘Here’s your cabin,’ Kira announces. The room isn’t very big in terms of length and width, but the ceiling is high enough to accommodate four bunks on the left, right, and far walls. The lower two bunks are slightly larger than standard single beds, but not by much. The upper bunks seem narrower than what would normally be considered enough room for one adult-sized human. Each bunk has curtains that can be drawn around for some degree of privacy, not that this will give Kylo any time alone from Hux, or vice versa. ‘You’ll be sleeping there,’ Kira tells them, gesturing to the bottom bunk on the left side of the room, which alone of all the beds has no signs of occupation, stripped bare of sheets and blankets, and holding no personal effects. ‘Have you got bedding?’ Kylo looks at Hux. ‘No,’ he says, setting the backpack down on their bunk. ‘Only a blanket.’ Kira raises an eyebrow and folds her arms. ‘Follow me.’ Hux leaves the backpack on the bed, and once again they find themselves following Kira further into the ship. She leads them up the metal staircase and down a narrow corridor lined on each side with unlabelled doors. ‘This is storage,’ Kira tells them, and presses her thumb to a pad on one of the doors. It beeps, and opens. Inside there are shelves of sheets, blankets and other bedding lining the walls, and two large hessian bags on the floor which are full of a jumbled mess of other fabrics. ‘Are those clothes?’ Kylo asks. ‘Yeah.’ Kira grabs one of the bags and pulls it out into the corridor without any apparent effort. ‘Lost property. Kind of. Stuff left behind by former crewmembers.’ Kylo looks at Hux questioningly. Hux nods. ‘See,’ Kylo begins, ‘Our ship crashed, and we lost almost everything we had. We’ve only got the clothes we’re standing in.’ ‘Take some,’ shrugs Kira, pushing the bag towards him. ‘And the sheets. Tidy up and shut the door when you’re done. Locks automatically.’ She slouches off back the way they came, the bell on her braid jingling off into the distance. The collection of lost clothes is surprisingly extensive. Even Kylo, who doesn’t really care one way or another about wearing other people’s shirts and pants, baulks at the prospect of wearing preowned underwear, but manages to put this aside in the name of necessity. Hux seems to be having more trouble with the concept, and his face forms into a moue of disgust when Kylo throws over a pair of blue boxer briefs that look like they’d fit his narrower hips. Kylo finds himself wondering how a ship this size ended up with such an extensive collection of ‘Lost Property.’ What was it Kira had said? ‘Stuff left behind by former crewmembers.’ Kylo looks up at Hux, who fortunately still seems too preoccupied being disgusted at the thought of wearing second-hand socks to have considered what Kylo is mulling over. What kind of cargo was this ship transporting anyway? And why did so many members of its crew seem to have left behind complete sets of clothes when they stopped working there? Why were so many of them so eager to leave whenever the ship landed? Kylo doesn’t like the way the puzzle pieces are coming together in his head. He has no qualms about being onboard what may well be a smuggler’s vessel, but there’s certainly a problem if what they’re smuggling turns out to be in any way life-threatening. This isn’t the kind of death Kylo has mapped out for himself. Kylo finishes their search through both the clothes bags with considerably more of a wardrobe than he’d started out with, albeit a mismatched and peculiar one. He’s got another pair of pants, two more shirts, some overalls, and a couple more pairs of underwear and socks. He can’t make out what Hux has beyond a jumble of colours and textures, but he seems satisfied. They retrieve the sheets, return the bags, and close the door. When they get back to their quarters they’re now full with far more people than Kylo would imagine could fit in the space available. From what Kylo can work out from their conversation, many of the crew are returning from brief stays at the cantina after having realised Alba Tremara is their only way off world. Almost all of the original vacancies seem to have been refilled by the same crew members who left in the first place. Their roommates are a mixed bunch. The lower bunk opposite theirs seems to belong to a pair of Twi’leks, who are prone to both public displays of affection and finishing each other’s sentences. Kylo can’t quite tell from their interactions whether they’re lovers or siblings. The Twi’leks aside, everyone else occupying the room seems human. The smaller bunks hold one person, the larger two, with the exception of the one at the bottom of the centre bunk, which seems reserved for Kira’s use alone. Kylo eyes her bed enviously, wishing he could have the cramped space to himself as well. Kylo smells Tremara’s return to the ship before he hears confirmation of it. The earthy, perfumed aroma of her pipe-smoke travels faster than the gossip of the room’s occupants. Kylo announces Tremara’s arrival few seconds before a tanned man sticks his bald head into the room to confirm the news. The other crewmembers look at Kylo with curiosity and perhaps a hint of suspicion, but it’s only for a moment, and the moment passes. Kriff, is he going to have to tone down his powers of perception in addition to actively resisting the urge to use the Force? Nothing in Kylo’s life has prepared him for the task of appearing unexceptional. It’s not his fault that something in the smell of what Tremara’s smoking is so distinctive to him, seems to be trying to draw him back to some earlier point… The intense floral perfume is too strong, and too significant-seeming, for him to simply ignore it. It’s not long before Tremara calls him to her, and they spend much of the rest of the day going round the ship, Tremara pointing out problem areas in the ship’s tech. He does feel relieved that he’s landed himself with a job he’s more than capable of performing, but he also wonders glumly how his life has gone from having influence in shaping the future of the galaxy to being thankful to perform repairs on a beat-up freighter. The sooner he and Hux can reunite with whatever’s left of the First Order, the better. * * * Kylo’s tired that night, but again insomnia gets the better of him and he finds himself lying awake next to a sleeping Hux. Hux didn’t make a fuss about sharing a bunk, but he has kept his shirt on and purposefully faced away from Kylo when they settled in for the night. Maybe he’s more comfortable with the idea now that they’ve had a chance to shower and are no longer caked in mud. The showers in question are feeble at best, and in a communal washroom, but it’s something. Kylo shifts uncomfortably in the bunk. Whether the pair of Twi’leks in the bunk opposite are related or not it hasn’t stopped them from going at it loudly for the last thirty minutes. Although on one level Kylo’s grossed out by their choice to fuck in such close proximity to the rest of the crew, his body has nonetheless begun to respond vaguely to the sounds of panting, groaning, and the slap of skin against skin. Next to him, Hux mutters and rolls over in his sleep. In the almost darkness, Kylo can see Hux only in shades of grey. His lips are parted slightly, and his pale eyelashes rest against paler skin. He doesn’t look at peace, even in sleep. He’s frowning slightly, and the trace lines of past frowns can be discerned on his forehead even through the bangs which now fall onto his face. Kylo is filled with a sudden and inexplicable urge to smooth Hux’s red hair back off his face, and then perhaps to gently take the sleeping Hux in his arms and hold him. This is unexpected in because it’s Hux, but also because it’s the first time in such a very long time that Kylo has wanted to volunteer physical affection to another person. Why he chooses to reach out to Hux he can’t fathom. He supposes that all they really have any more is each other. For a moment longer he watches the other man sleeping, but then Hux rolls away from Kylo and onto his back. He begins to snore. The spell is broken, and between the noise of Hux’s snoring and continued fucking of the Twi’leks, Kylo tries, in vain, to sleep. Chapter 3 Kylo finds it surprisingly easy to slip into the routine of life on Alba Tremara’s freighter. He fixes the ship’s more minor problems, and gets to grips with the recurring faults that break every few days. Mostly though, he’s working on the temperature regulation. He doesn’t say as much to Tremara, but it seems pretty clear to Kylo that one of the previous mechanics has intentionally sabotaged this element of the ship’s systems. There are parts leading into the main system that have been put in backwards, and other parts which aren’t exactly the right size, shape, or just don’t resemble the correct pieces of equipment at all. Before Kylo can even get a look in the main system for he has to correct all the errors in the surrounding mechanics. He finds, however, that he doesn’t mind the work so much. It’s kind of freeing, in a way, to have something to do which is simple enough for him to be able to zone out, but complicated enough that he doesn’t get preoccupied with other concerns. In some ways, the most trying aspects of life aboard the ship are the hours in which he is not working. There aren’t many of them – Tremara works all her crew to the bone, it seems, and Kylo especially. She seems to have a particular concern that the temperature regulation be fixed as soon as feasibly (or even unfeasibly) possible. All the same, Kylo still finds moments where he is at a loose end, usually when having his meals or directly before sleep. He doesn’t want his crewmates to think him suspicious or hostile, but he realises that every moment he spends with them as ‘Andrast’ is a moment in which he risks divulging information that could get him captured or killed. He tries to minimise these risks by spending as much of his downtime with Hux as he can. This only encourages crew members who suspect them to be ‘together’ in some capacity, but whilst Kylo doesn’t actively reinforce this view, he considers it to be a helpful fiction. It gives them an excuse to spend time alone, and to try and dissuade others from interacting with them. Not that spending so much time alone with Hux isn’t, in its own way, uncomfortable. They are unable to talk in detail about any of their time in the Order. Kylo is unwilling to discuss anything before then, and Hux seems to feel the same way. They end up passing what time they don’t spend in silence making awkward conversation about what they’ve been up to throughout the day, and though Kylo is comfortable in his work he is under no illusions that the minutiae of it is in any way interesting, especially not to Hux. The one time they do speak about their lives is prompted by one of the pilots engaging them in conversation. Hux had takes the lead, and the pilot seems satisfied with this – Kylo is pretty sure the pilot is trying to flirt with him. He is strangely angry at the thought. If Hux lets this guy think he might have a chance, they might have to spend more time with other people. But Hux shows precisely no signs of interest, responding to the pilot’s queries with polite but impersonal replies, that are thorough enough to satisfy the other man but not so much as to constitute stimulating conversation. Kylo himself tries to memorise everything Hux says so that he can repeat it to other enquirers if necessary, but Hux seems to have built up a coherent background for Cal in his mind that Kylo doesn’t how to take it on or how to incorporate his own identity into it. ‘Nice story,’ he scowls at Hux, determined not to let his concerns about his own assumed identity show. ‘Like one of those role-playing games played by awkward adolescents on Hosnian Prime. You’d have fit right in.’ ‘You lived on Hosnian Prime?’ Hux frowns. ‘Is this a joke? Are you playing at being ‘Andrast’?’ ‘No, I really lived on Hosnian Prime,’ Kylo glares back, not understanding what Hux’s point is supposed to be, exactly. ‘For a couple of years, a long time ago. Not everyone spent their childhood hunting womp rats in the Unknown Regions, Hux.’ ‘It’s Cal ,’ Hux snaps, before continuing in a low hiss. ‘And womp rats aren’t native to Arkanis Minor.’ Hux storms off, having barely touched his food, and his break far from over. Kylo, abandoned in the mess hall, feels nervous and agitated, such that he doesn’t got much to eat either. The silent hours he spends with Hux are become something of a trial. At least back when they argued all the time they’d been able to properly speak to each other, and to speak their minds. Now they have no common ground on which to meet, even if that meeting would have been for the sole purpose of fighting some more. Kylo spends an inordinate amount of time just looking at Hux, watching him while he eats, or, as Hux seems to routinely sleep quicker and wake more easily than him, while he dreams. He’s familiar now with the clothes Hux must have taken from lost property, and how frequently he wears them. In addition to the green shirt he’s had since they left the escape pod, Hux has a loose blue shirt with buttons, and a tighter black one with short sleeves and without buttons. The blue shirt makes his eyes look bluer, and the green shirt makes his eyes look greener, which is something that intrigues Kylo in spite of himself. When Hux wears the black shirt Kylo can see that his eyes are mostly green really, but this is the one that he wears the least. Kylo theorises that this is because it’s the black shirt in which Hux looks most like his former self, the black not just being reminiscent of his parade uniform but also making him look paler and sharper somehow, more ruthless. It’s probably for this reason that when Hux does wear the black shirt it’s with some knee-length khaki shorts that are his only alternative to the blue trousers. The shorts are baggy and they make his legs look whiter and scrawnier than they are, and the mismatched socks that poke out above his boots hardly contribute to a threatening aspect. In his tracking of Hux’s appearance Kylo notices also how tired he is looking, despite his comparative ease in getting to sleep. There are purplish circles under his eyes, and his face looks a little thinner. Hux has stopped shaving, and lets his hair grow, falling forward over his face rather having it slicked back. Kylo knows Hux well enough to realise that this is in all likelihood a strategy to distance himself from the public image of the First Order general. All the same, he can’t help himself finding the changes intriguing, and even appealing in a way. Hux looks younger with facial hair. Kylo didn’t think anyone did, but the slight beard softens the angles of Hux’s face, the hair falling into his eyes making him look less severe. Hux looks worn out, angry and dejected, but also in some obscure way vulnerable, and maybe it is all contrived but Kylo finds that protective instincts he’d forgotten he had have settled in, and he finds himself looking for Hux whenever he’s somewhere he might be working, and worrying when he can’t find him. Much as Hux might have been the perfect First Order military leader, Kylo feels like it’s him who fits in to their new environment with ease, and the general who is floundering. Kylo tolerates his work, but Hux actively hates it, from what Kylo makes out from the little conversation they have. Hux also seems ignorant – and perhaps wilfully so – of what Kylo believes must be the ship’s true purpose. There are strict limits on which crewmembers are allowed in the hold, and even on those who are allowed to know what’s down there. Kylo doesn’t know, but then he doesn’t have to. Han Solo, he thinks to himself, didn’t raise his son not to recognise a smuggler’s vessel when he saw one. This stray memory gives him pause for thought. It’s been a long time since Kylo has thought of himself as his father’s son. His mind is drawn uncontrollably back to the bridge on Starkiller Base, but when he visualises himself in the act of killing his father he feels oddly distant from it, as if he were trying to recall something someone else had done – a character in a story, or a holovid – and put himself in their place. He shakes off the feeling, and continues with his work, but as he does he is faced with the recollection that the rudiments of ship repair is something else he owes to Han Solo. He has thought himself Snoke’s creature for so long, yet in the Supreme Leader’s absence he finds himself confronted with the possibility that he has always carried parts of his parents along with him as well. But these are other thoughts, for another time. That night when Kylo goes to uses the showers, Kira is there too. She nods curtly in greeting, before they each enter a cubicle. The showers are quiet. There’s hardly anyone around in the crew’s quarters, as some of the pilots are holding a sabacc tourney in the ship’s common area and everyone’s playing for high stakes. Hux, as far as Kylo is aware, is still working, cleaning up after the other crewmembers. Kylo moves around under the thin trickle of water, trying to cover enough of his body that he might be able to convince himself he’s properly washed. The water is lukewarm this evening, but it varies wildly in temperature. For a while Kylo wondered if the shower system was linked to the temperature regulator somehow, but it turns out the ship’s plumbing is broken in a separate, different way which he will have to look into later if he has the time. ‘No one likes your friend,’ says Kira’s voice, coming from a few cubicles down. Kylo doesn’t say anything. ‘Cal,’ continues Kira, as if she doesn’t think he can have understood. ‘Your friend. No one likes him.’ ‘Oh,’ says Kylo, so as to provide some kind of response. He doesn’t think that explaining he doesn’t much like Hux either will come across very well. ‘Why’s that?’ ‘Stuck-up,’ Kira tells him. ‘Snooty with everyone. Some of them don’t like you either.’ ‘Well,’ Kylo replies through gritted teeth as he tries to rinse a thin layer of cleaning gel off his body, ‘They’re entitled to their opinion.’ ‘Tremara’s pissed that you haven’t fixed the temperature regulator yet. She’s thinking of cutting your food ration if you don’t make progress soon. She’s thinking of throwing you and pretty boy out the airlock.’ It takes Kylo a second to realise that in saying ‘pretty boy’ Kira is referring to Hux. ‘Well,’ he calls back across the room, ‘She hasn’t said anything like that to me.’ ‘She won’t.’ From the sounds over by Kira’s cubicle Kylo’s guessing she’s finished washing and got out of the shower. ‘She won’t say anything about how angry she is until it’s too late and then… it’ll be too late.’ ‘Great.’ ‘I’m only telling you this,’ calls Kira’s voice as she leaves Kylo alone in the bathroom, ‘Because I think you’re all right.’ Kylo turns off the shower and reaches for his towel. He wonders what it must be like to be one of Kira’s enemies if this is how she treats the people she’s fond of. Even though Hux gets to the bunk later than Kylo, he still manages to fall asleep before him. The noises of the Twi’leks’ fucking and the hum of the nearby engines barely phase him anymore, and yet he still can’t sleep with any ease. Hux’s presence is something he still hasn’t got used to, not least because he feels like touching Hux, even accidentally, might spark the easily-fired wrath of the smaller man. Not that Kylo’s one to talk as far as easily-fired wrath goes. Hux isn’t sleeping well tonight. It’s something Kylo’s noticed getting worse over the past week or so. He’s been tossing and turning and the faint murmuring has grown louder and more anxious. Tonight is the worst yet. Hux keeps fidgeting and twitching and seems distressed. He rolls onto his side to face Kylo, and lets out an anguished groan. To Kylo’s horror, a primal part of his brain decides to register said anguished groan as sounding too much like something else, and to imagine Hux’s sweaty, feverish movements put to another purpose than frantic nightmares. Kylo feels hot all over, and he’s fully hard in a way that the actual moans of the sexually active Twi’leks have never managed to make him. Hux is pretty and flushed and he’s still groaning and Kylo writhes uncomfortably next to him. To be faced with this sensation, and now, and over this man, this man who he hates, this man who… In a moment in which his heart seems almost to stop beating, Kylo experiences a vivid, sudden and unprovoked flashback to the emotions that had coursed through him at the instant of the Hosnian system’s destruction. At the time he’d managed to filter the pain and suffering of the planet’s inhabitants at the moment of their annihilation through a feeling of triumph, elation even, but now he experiences it afresh as unbridled anguish of the purest kind, and it’s all he can do to prevent himself from crying out at the hurt he experiences through them. When, panting, he regains full control of his own mind, his desire has almost completely dissipated, and is replaced instead by self-loathing and nausea. He looks again at Hux and tries to comprehend that this is the same man who has ended billions of lives in a heartbeat. Hux is less agitated now, though still far from peaceful. His hair is sweaty and sticking to his face. I’m no better than him, thinks Kylo, with a dull, sick feeling. He and Hux have between them inflicted more suffering than ought to be doled out in a century. Maybe, Kylo thinks, he is drawn to Hux because they are both equally loathsome, equally hated. Hux has settled now, and is breathing gently. His thin chest rises and falls under his shirt. All his moving about has undone some of the buttons, and between them Kylo catches glimpses of soft pale flesh. Kylo wonders if, looking at Hux, he ought to feel more revulsion than he does. He reaches out, and smooths Hux’s hair off his damp forehead. Hux sighs softly in his sleep, and Kylo feels a strong surge of affection for this, the only thing in the universe broken enough to associate with him. Chapter 4 Kylo is in the common area, working on the temperature regulator when he hears footsteps, and the trundle of Tremara’s wheeled smoking device behind him. For a second he wonders if the smuggler has come to throw him out the airlock after all, but then he realises she’s calling for Kira and some of the other crewmembers who seem to hold positions of seniority. They are summoned up from the hold, and Tremara, Kira and a select group of others communicate in hushed voices. They are some way away from where Kylo is working, but fortunately he can concentrate and focus his mind to enhance his hearing in ways they cannot anticipate. ‘I don’t want this widely known,’ Tremara begins, ‘I’m telling you specifically to keep it from the others, to dismiss anything they might hear, or guess.’ There’s a pause in which Kylo assumes the others nod in understanding. ‘The last outpost of the First Order has fallen,’ Tremara tells them. Kylo feels a jolt of anxiety and nausea hit him like a punch to the stomach. ‘What?’ hisses Kira. His instinctive reaction is disbelief. The Order can’t just be finished, can’t have been dissolved so quickly, can’t – ‘Oh yeah?’ remarks another voice, one who apparently shares Kylo’s incredulity. ‘Where did you hear that from? A Resistance channel? Or one of their sympathisers?’ ‘It’s on every channel,’ Tremara informs them, curtly. Kylo hears a wild, joyful sound which takes him a second to process. Kira, who he has never even seen smile, is laughing, laughing in an unrestrained elation that almost reaches the point where a laugh and a sob can meet. ‘I don’t know what you’re so pleased about,’ huffs Tremara. ‘As I remember we did rather well for ourselves after the relaxing of the galactic trade laws.’ ‘Sure,’ replies Kira, her laughter subsiding to be replaced by righteous fervour. ‘If by ‘relaxing of the galactic trade laws’ you mean the fallout from the destruction of the Hosnian System . ’ ‘You’re awfully fired up about the destruction of a government whose laws you’ve disobeyed your entire life,’ says the unknown voice from earlier, now with a tone of smugness. ‘Oh, kriff you,’ snaps Kira, returning to a tone more in keeping with Kylo’s previous experience of her interactions with others. ‘Kira!’ snaps Tremara, at a volume above the hushed whisper they’ve been operating on, and at which a person not, as sensitive to the Force, would have been able to hear them anyway. Kylo anticipates their turning around to check if he’s overheard Tremara’s rebuke, and he feigns obliviousness. Apparently satisfied, they return to their discussion. ‘Whatever,’ says Kira. ‘But I knew people in the Hosnian System. People I actually liked. It could have been us, you know.’ ‘You think by some chance I don’t know?’ Tremara replies icily. ‘Kira, you’re a good girl, but I think you’re a smart one too, and smart girls know when to hold their tongues.’ The idea of anyone calling Kira a ‘girl,’ and much more of anyone living to tell the tale is ludicrous to Kylo, but apparently she backs down. The rest of the conversation continues in the form of warnings from Tremara to quash any rumours of the truth, and assurances from the crew that they will do so in the name of keeping the peace. Kylo is in too much of a daze to pay attention anymore. For the first time it dawns on him that not only might the return to the Order a long and arduous one, there might not even be an Order to return to. He tells himself that the man who spoke out was right, that it’s not true, just Resistance propaganda. . Kylo wonders, over dinner, if he ought to tell Hux what he overheard, but he can’t think of a way of doing so that wouldn’t alert anyone else either to the news or to the fact he managed to overhear. He thinks he might be able to tell Hux in the morning, before most of the others are up. He needs to be up early anyway to try to once and for all fix the temperature regulator. However, to Kylo’s frustration he is for once first one to wake, and looking at Hux he can’t quite bring himself to wake him. Hux sleeps peacefully, not tossing or turning, his breath rising and falling gently. Kylo thinks, with an unexpected stab of fondness, that Hux in his unguarded moments is really quite beautiful. He’s surprised he hasn’t noticed before. Or maybe he has, but has forced himself to do so only in an abstract way, divorced from any more tender emotions. Lately it seems that all sorts of defences are coming down. Although Kylo still feels sick when he forces himself to contemplate what he has done, what Hux has done, now he wonders if there is some equivalent good deed out in the galaxy that he can perform that might somehow counterbalance the wrong in him and allow him to start again. To start afresh, like a small and bawling infant, new to the world and full of possibility. He can’t imagine a kindness of such magnitude. Bad deeds are so much easier to perform and so much harder to take back. Kylo dresses, and allows himself another look at Hux before he heads to the temperature regulator. Perhaps, he thinks, if circumstances had been different. If they had been different people. He shakes his head as if that might somehow derail his train of thought, and walks away. There are many things he cannot do, but what he can do is fix the temperature regulator. He will fix the temperature regulator. By about midday, the ship is getting hotter, almost uncomfortably so, but Kylo considers this to be a good sign. The newly fixed temperature regulator is an old model, and needs to first increase to its maximum, before gradually dropping to the recommended room temperature. He’s surprised and alarmed when he goes to see Tremara about it and finds her trembling with rage. ‘Why is my ship nearly burning me to death?’ Kylo considers this to be something of an overreaction. He glances to Kira for help as she comes up from the hold, but she looks similarly furious. ‘We’re not going to burn to death. The ship’s heating is just going to be on max for a while. The temperature regulator is fixed.’ Kylo tries to remain calm. He worries about what he might do if he lets himself snap. ‘How long?’ grunts Tremara. ‘What?’ ‘How long,’ she elaborates through gritted teeth, ‘Will the ship be this hot?’ ‘I don’t know,’ replies Kylo, trying not to get angry himself. ‘It’ll get a little hotter, and then it’ll cool down. There’s not exactly an instruction manual lying around so – ‘ Tremara slaps him around the face with a fleshy hand. Kira steps forward to hold her back from attacking him further, which conveniently allows Kylo to maintain enough self-control not to fight back. ‘Guess what,’ says Kira. It isn’t a question. ‘This isn’t a regular kind of ship. And we don’t carry a regular kind of cargo. What we have at the moment… it’s refrigerated but if the ship gets hot enough, and stays hot enough, that won’t matter anymore.’ ‘Well,’ says Kylo, ‘I’m sorry that your cargo will spoil.’ ‘Idiot!’ snarls Tremara. ‘It won’t just spoil . Getting to dangerously high temperatures will trigger the release of the spores, and then we’ll all be too dead to profit off it.’ As what she means dawns on him, Kylo backs down and slumps slightly. ‘How long do we have before - ?’ Before we’re all poisoned, he thinks. Poisonous fungi, what a thing to smuggle. Kira and Tremara consider. ‘If it’s back to normal by fourth shift…’ Kira tells him, ‘We should be all right.’ ‘Is there anything,’ asks Tremara, more desperate now than angry, ‘You can do to speed up the process?’ Kylo shakes his head. ‘Not without breaking the system entirely. But it’ll restart by fourth shift.’ Kylo tries to sound as confident as he can. ‘Good,’ nods Tremara, ‘Because if it hasn’t, then I’ll find you and kill you myself before the spores get a chance.’ The rumours about the possibility they might all perish spread around the crew in less than an hour, which Kylo finds remarkable considering he’s heard nothing from anyone about the demise of the Order. He supposes more people knew what was in the hold, and that they’ve managed to work things out for themselves to some extent, but they also all seem to know that he’s the one responsible for the temperature increase, which can surely only be a deliberate tactic from Tremara to deflect blame from herself. Wherever Kylo goes there are hushed, malicious whispers, and so in the end he hides out in his bunk, considering his day’s work done now the regulator is technically mended. Hux comes to find him at dinnertime. ‘Come and get your food,’ he says, pulling aside the curtain that surrounds their bunk and folding his arms tetchily. And then, after a pause: ‘Is it true you’ve killed us all?’ ‘No,’ says Kylo, burying his head in his hands. ‘No, it isn’t. The heat should subside.’ ‘Should?’ Hux raises an eyebrow, lets the curtain drop, and stalks off. Kylo still can’t bear to face the rest of the crew, so he stays put. To his surprise, Hux returns sometime later with some food on a tray. He passes it to Kylo without a word, and Kylo himself is too shocked to thank him. As the night wears on, people seem less concerned with hating Kylo, and more with the discomfort the heat is causing them. When he ventures out into the common area, having dispensed with his own shirt, he discovers that most of the rest of the crew have done the same. Some are stood around in just their underwear. Both the Twi’leks are completely naked, and dancing around to some tinny music coming from a small sound system. ‘Ah, lighten up, Kira,’ calls one of them, and Kylo looks across the room to see her frowning at the pair, sweat glistening on her dark skin. Like Kylo, she’s rid herself of her shirt, but the Twi’leks’ antics seem a step too far, and Kylo can hardly blame her. ‘Yeah,’ adds the other, jokingly extending their hand to the more senior crewmember, ‘Might be our last night alive after all.’ The couple chatter animatedly in Twi’leki. They make each other laugh so much that it sometimes threatens to throw their wild, whirling dance out of rhythm, but they maintain their poise. Once you get past the nudity, they are really very good dancers. Kylo doesn’t see Hux, who he assumes is still in the kitchens cleaning up after dinner, and so he stays in the common area for a while, not talking to anyone, but enjoying the fact that he isn’t openly despised anymore. A nagging voice in the back of his mind tells him that this hatred is only a small measure of what he would face if they knew who he really was. If he was ever caught by the Resistance, or whoever it is that’s now in power. He tries to ignore it, and watches the dancing as more crewmembers join, none of them, thankfully, quite as underdressed as the original couple. A girl who also has a bunk in his room asks him if he’s like to dance with her, but he refuses, and she shrugs and goes to ask someone else. There’s still a majority who aren’t dancing at all, whose response to imminent death remains contemplation rather than hedonism, and Kylo remains in their number, as does Kira. Eventually, the dancing dies down, and everyone seems to decide as one that the time has come to retire to bed. The dancers seem more dejected once they’ve worn themselves out, and their comedown impacts everyone else. Aside from one small, nervously chattering group, everyone leaves. Hux must have slipped by without Kylo noticing, because when he gets into bed his bunkmate is there already, his hair still damp from a shower. How like Hux, thinks Kylo, not to let the possibility of his impending doom get in the way of personal hygiene. The room is almost completely dark when Kylo settles in next to Hux. It’s quiet, no noise expect for a faint murmuring from the Twi’leks’ bunk. They might, Kylo realises, be having a serious conversation for once. Either that, or they’ve traded in their typically energetic love-making for something slower and more tender. He doesn’t really want to know. It’s still boiling, and the heat makes it even more difficult to sleep. The sheets and blankets lie pooled at the foot of the bed, but even without them Kylo is uncomfortably hot and sweaty. If it wasn’t for Hux’s presence, Kylo would have dispensed with his underwear as well. Hux is still, somehow, wearing a shirt to bed. The heat seems to have intensified the smell of Tremara’s pipe smoke, and the floral note of the scent is coming through the strongest, taunting Kylo with the memory that he can’t quite recall. He thinks he might have lain there for about an hour in the sweltering heat, staring into the back of Hux’s head, trying to remember where he smelt the aroma of the pipe smoke before, when the other man rolls over to face him, and without warning places his hands on Kylo’s chest. His first thought is that Hux must somehow be doing this in his sleep, although he hasn’t noticed him drop off. Besides, when he looks at Hux’s face, though he can’t make out his expression in the darkness, he can see a glimmer of light reflecting off the other man’s open eyes. Hux keeps his hands where they are. Kylo doesn’t understand, until he wonders maybe if Hux is somehow asking for permission. Permission for what? Kylo’s heart begins to thump louder and he wonders if Hux can feel it. Hux is touching him. He doesn’t want Hux to stop touching him. He inches just a little closer, hoping this is enough to indicate both that he is awake, and that he wants whatever it is Hux wants to give him. Hux seems to get the message, and slowly, carefully, his hands trace outwards from Kylo’s chest, and down his arms. He stops sometimes, to trace a line with his finger, or to circle one around one of the raised brown moles that speckle Kylo’s tan skin. He returns to his chest, and runs his soft fingertips over Kylo’s nipples. Kylo tries to stay still, not to make a noise, for though Hux’s touches are sparing and hesitant they trace a fiery course over his flesh. As Hux’s hands move lower, lower down Kylo’s abdomen he is uncomfortably aware that if Hux doesn’t already realise what his touches are doing to him, he surely will if he brushes a careless hand against Kylo’s cock. He must, thinks Kylo, he must being doing this intentionally, surely. But Hux has always been something of an enigma. He could be doing this just to mess with him, to see how far he’ll go. Or else perhaps this is some strange medical thing, to check if Kylo’s begun to be suffocated by spores yet. With the heat and the unbearable tightness blazing a trail of heat up from his groin, Kylo certainly feels as if he might be. When one of Hux’s left hand reaches Kylo’s left hip, he pauses, tracing a circle with his thumb at the waistband of his shorts that moves from flesh to fabric, flesh to fabric. All previous reservations shoved to the side, Kylo finds himself just hoping, desperately, that Hux will at some point deign to touch him, to touch him where it matters. But he can’t say anything, he can’t beg, though he would, he would. Hux moves his hand down, and his fingers find Kylo’s cock. Kylo bites his lip to keep from whimpering, as Hux grasps his dick through the fabric of his underwear, and begins to move his hand in strokes that are firmer than his earlier touches but still not enough. Kylo tries to hold himself back, to stay still, as if moving or speaking might somehow break the spell, but it’s becoming increasing difficult as Hux breaks off from working the shaft to stroke and massage the sensitive head of his cock. Once more Hux grasps Kylo, and returns to the pumping motion with the same careful curiosity that doesn’t give Kylo the pressure that he really needs. He can’t stand this for much longer, he knows it. He loses control, jerking himself forward, fucking himself into Hux’s hand, and it takes him embarrassingly few thrusts before he arches his back and comes with a bitten-back cry. Hux has scarcely had time to react since Kylo began to move. He withdraws his hand when Kylo comes as if he’s experienced an electric shock. Before Kylo has chance to offer to reciprocate, or to do anything other than catch his breath and clear his head, Hux turns back over. ‘Hux?’ Kylo says, as quietly as possible. But Hux pretends to be asleep. Chapter 5 When morning comes, the temperature on the ship is a normal, habitable level, and everyone is still alive. After some relieved embraces, and embarrassed laughs, life for the most part goes back to normal. But Kylo doesn’t forget the feel of Hux’s hands on his body, though the incident doesn’t repeat itself, and he doesn’t dare speak of it. Instead, he settles for frantically jerking off in the shower, imagining that he feels Hux’s soft, slender hand instead of his own larger, more callused one. It’s unclear if it’s just the relief of survival, or if it’s traditional, but when they reach the night before the ship arrives at its destination someone decides to hold a party in the common area. Given a free choice, Kylo wouldn’t go, but it seems that everyone is expected to be there, and as part of their bid to blend in he and Hux can’t really back out. Even Kira seems tentatively excited at the prospect. As evening draws in Kylo sees her emerging from storage carrying a crate of bottles he assumes contain some kind of alcohol. The only sound system seems to be the tinny one owned by the Twi’leks, but someone has managed to route it through the speakers that transmit announcements from the cockpit. The music, though not the best quality, is at least loud enough, along with the dimmed lighting, to create a different atmosphere in the now familiar room. Everyone seems ready to let off a little steam, and after a few drinks, the entire crew save Kira, Hux and Kylo, have piled onto the makeshift dancefloor that had been marked out earlier in blue adhesive tape. Hux and Kylo have taken refuge in a corner of the room, and while they’ve accepted a drink or two each, they’re still practicing caution. The music is loud, and apart from Kira, who is slouching against the opposite wall, everyone is dancing. Kylo realises that this could be the opportunity he’s waiting for. ‘Cal,’ he says to Hux, not reckless enough to use his real name even with the noise and the distraction. ‘I overheard Tremara talking with some of the crew a few weeks ago.’ Hux looks up at him, with no particular interest. ‘And?’ Kylo leans closer in, and speaks lower. ‘The Order has fallen. Everywhere, down to the last outpost. Hux, where are we going to go?’ Hux’s eyes widen. He settles his expression back into a neutral one, but it’s too perfect in its blankness, and Kylo wonders what emotions lie beneath the pristine surface. Without a word, Hux gets up, and heads to the table on which the alcohol is laid out. He gets a drink, and returns to Kylo. He drinks, but doesn’t say anything. When a little more time has passed, and Hux has had a couple more drinks, he heads over to stand next to the drinks table. Kylo watches the dancing for a bit, and when he looks back over to Hux he appears to be in some kind of involved conversation with Kira. A vague sense of alarm rises in Kylo’s chest, and he moves to check on them, but his path is blocked by one of the Twi’leks, although he isn’t sure which one. They are both around the same height, the same build, with the same bright blue skin. ‘Hey,’ says the Twi’lek, whichever one it might be. Kylo isn’t sure he knows either of their names so it’s a moot point really. ‘You’re Andrast, right?’ ‘Uh, yeah,’ Kylo tells them, whilst stealing a quick glance over towards Hux and Kira. Hux gestures in Kylo’s direction before he and Kira look over towards him, and jumps guiltily when he catches Kylo’s eye. Kylo knows that Hux is a man who prides himself on being able to hold his drink, but he also knows that Hux has had far more drinks than he has, and after a certain point anyone will get sloppy drunk. Hux might not be quite there yet but he’s gesticulating wildly to Kira, who is frowning, her arms folded across her chest. ‘Kudos for fixing up the ship and not, y’know, killing us all,’ giggles the Twi’lek, daintily placing a hand on Kylo’s shoulder. ‘Oh,’ splutters Kylo, ‘Um, thanks.’ He thinks the Twi’lek might be flirting with him, although he’s unsure why, given how frequently and how loudly they and their partner express their satisfaction with one another. ‘Super impressive,’ they gush. Hux is whispering something to Kira. Kylo is seized by panic. ‘We’re all very grateful… Where is it you and your friend are from?’ ‘Look,’ says Kylo, removing the Twi’lek’s hand from where it has migrated to his neck, ‘I’m sorry, but I need to check up on Cal, I –‘ He doesn’t need to finish his excuse, because they merely look a little affronted and stalk off, leaving Kylo finally free to make a beeline for Hux. As he walks over, Hux leans back from whispering to Kira. ‘Hey Andrast ,’ he pouts, ‘What do you want?’ Kira and Hux both look at him, the latter angrily, the former merely with a questioning air. ‘I… just wanted to check you were all right,’ he tells them, lamely. ‘You’ve had quite a lot to drink, Cal.’ ‘And?’ retorts Hux, indignantly. As if to underline his point, he grabs two small glasses of liquor and downs them in quick succession. Kira isn’t betraying any signs of Hux having told her anything of an incriminating nature, and is watching their argument with interest. ‘You can’t drink all night you know.’ ‘It’s always all night,’ Hux tells him. ‘We’re in space.’ He chuckles to himself, and Kylo notices a red flush has begun to spread across his companion’s cheeks. Rosy, laughing Hux is a sight that Kylo would probably find beguiling were he not also currently in fear of their discovery as First Order runaways. ‘And anyway,’ he concludes, ‘It’s not like there’s anything else to do.’ Kira looks over to Kylo, awaiting his riposte. ‘Well,’ begins Kylo, thinking as fast as he can. ‘I thought that maybe we could dance for a while.’ Hux looks somewhat taken aback, for which Kylo is grateful. He thinks it might make him more likely to accept if only out of shock. Kira raises an eyebrow in interest. Hux seems to be considering the offer. ‘All right,’ he at last announces, and before Kylo can stop him Hux downs two more shots amd drags him into the middle of the dancefloor. Kylo looks back at a surprised and impressed Kira, and shrugs and smiles at her. Kira shakes her head in knowing disbelief. It’s only when Hux releases his arm that Kylo realises fully that he is now faced with the prospect of actually dancing with Hux. For all the grace and style he might have in battle, Kylo isn’t sure if he possesses the ability to dance. He can’t remember the last time he ever did so, even when he reaches back into the time before he was Kylo Ren. Hux seems more sure of himself, although maybe it’s just that the alcohol’s gone to his head. He sways his hips and head in time to the music, and brings his arms up to move them as well. Kylo contents himself with trying to copy what Hux is doing, although he feels too big and hulking for any delicacy of movement. The music slows. Kylo’s sense of his own awkwardness is exacerbated by the change in pace. His limbs feel too long for him to move them in any semblance of rhythm to the more relaxed beat. He’s so focussed on trying not to make a fool of himself that at first he doesn’t notices when Hux begins to stumble. ‘Cal?’ he asks, when he sees Hux is losing his footing, but Hux doesn’t reply, instead contenting himself with putting his arms round Kylo’s neck and slumping against him. Whether the gesture borne simply out of a desire for stability Kylo isn’t sure, and he tries to disguise his surprise by swaying with Hux to the music. On the plus side, he finds it considerably easier to dance when swaying is all that’s required of him, but he’s uncomfortable with the hot pressure of Hux’s body against his. This isn’t only on a personal level, but also because he isn’t sure how to play it for any curious crewmembers. The nature of his and Hux’s relationship has been kept nebulous for the entirety of their voyage, and now he’s faced with having to figure out what their aliases are in relation to one another without having a fully cognisant Hux to back him up. Hux is still supporting most of his own weight, and Kylo is at least relieved that Hux is merely resting his head on his shoulder and has not actually passed out in his arms. Kylo can feel Hux’s warm breath against his neck, and he feels it too when he presses his hot mouth to Kylo’s neck in wet, fervent touches that are somewhere between kissing and sucking. In alarm, Kylo takes Hux’s shoulders and holds him at arm’s length. ‘What are you doing?’ he asks. ‘Don’t you see?’ slurs Hux. His eyes are unfocussed. ‘It doesn’t matter anymore. None of it matters anymore.’ Kylo is almost too surprised to react when Hux lunges back in and attempts to kiss him on the mouth, but he manages to grab him again before he makes contact. ‘What’s the matter?’ Hux asks, bleary-eyed. He looks hurt. ‘I thought… It doesn’t…’ When Hux tries to kiss him again, Kylo takes his hand and drags him off the dancefloor. ‘Enough,’ he says. ‘Come on. You need to go to bed.’ Hux starts sniggering uncontrollably, which makes it difficult for Kylo to keep hold of him, but he perseveres, and succeeds in dragging Hux into the cabin past an amused looking Kira. ‘He’s had too much,’ Kylo tells her, by way of explanation. ‘You think?’ mutters Kira, before heading off to speak to someone else. Kylo manages to convince Hux to take his shoes off before getting into the bunk. He doesn’t dare ask Hux to remove his clothes. He isn’t sure if that’s just so Hux doesn’t get the wrong idea, or if he’s afraid of the perverse pleasure he might derive from seeing Hux in a state of undress. Hux lies down on the bed, but instead of going straight to sleep he seizes one of Kylo’s hands. Directing it to his mouth, he starts to suck at the index finger. ‘Cal,’ says Kylo, and after a quick look around the room, ‘ Hux. Don’t do that, you don’t have to do that.’ There’s no way Hux doesn’t know what he’s emulating, and Kylo isn’t strong enough not to imagine the same soft sucking, licking sensation being applied to a rather different part of his body, a notion to which said part responds enthusiastically. Hux looks up at Kylo, blue-green eyes through fluttering ginger lashes, and smiles as he pulls away. Kylo waits until Hux is asleep before he climbs into bed next to him, unsure what exactly has just happened. He wonders if Hux will remember this the next morning. He hopes that he won’t. He wishes he could forget the whole thing too, but he thinks that the memory of Hux’s body pressed against his, and Hux’s mouth wet, warm and yielding round his finger is going to stay with him for some time. When they arrive on Eiridian at the beginning of the next day, it’s not just Hux who is looking a little worse for wear. About half the crew seem to be nursing varying degrees of hangover. Tremara herself has eyes that are noticeably bloodshot, and puffs on the strong, floral-smelling smoke of her pipe with more agitation than usual. Tremara hadn’t lied to them about the possibilities Eiridian might present them with. Though the outpost where they land could hardly be considered metropolitan it is also far from the backwater world Nakaal had been. Kylo reckons that there must be about forty ships parked nearby, and there’s a bustling town where slightly more advanced tech than that on Tremara’s ship seems to be the norm. All the same, he has no desire to stay here any longer than is strictly necessary. It seems that for now the only option available to him and Hux is to run away, and to keep running. Upon landing, most other crewmembers seem set on hitting the nearest cantina, but Hux hurriedly shoves everything into the backpack – which is considerably fuller now than it was before – and they head out into the port to try and find another job on another ship. For some time it seems as if they’ll never find anything. Most ships are too small to need a large crew, and what personnel they do need, they already have. Hux is looking more tired and pale than usual, and squints into the sunlight as if it is causing him great discomfort. He also shows a complete lack of inclination to talk to anyone, and so Kylo is left to initiate the awkward pleas for work alone while Hux skulks unhappily behind him. Eventually, Kylo just asks anyone who will speak to him, regardless of whether their ship looks anything like big enough to require two new crewmembers. It’s only when he speaks to a purple-skinned humanoid of a species he doesn’t recognise that they finally get a lead. ‘I don’t need anyone myself,’ they are told, as the scaly individual scratches his snake-like head. ‘But I know a guy… Thylas… he’s looking for someone to pilot an old ship to a junkyard on the Outer Rim.’ Kylo shoots Hux an excited glance. Hux purses his lips and says nothing. Thylas turns out to be a muscular, middle-aged human, who they find selling second-hand ship parts out of a shack at the edge of the port. ‘I don’t just need anyone,’ he informs them warily, when Kylo introduces himself – as Andrast – to ask about the vacancy. ‘What do you need?’ Kylo asks him. Hux is looking vacantly around the shop. ‘Well for a start,’ Thylas says, ‘I’ll need a pilot.’ Kylo wonders if Thylas can actually hear the sigh of relief he breathes. ‘I can pilot a ship,’ he informs him. He hasn’t done so in a long time, but the knowledge is still there. ‘And Cal,’ he continues, gesturing to Hux, ‘Can co-pilot.’ Kylo actually has no idea if Hux can pilot a ship; the subject has never come up. But Hux was a General in command of a large vessel, and Kylo has to assume that he’s got the relevant skills. He can probably fly alone if he has to, anyway. ‘Oh?’ Thylas says. He looks a little more interested in them now, Kylo thinks. ‘I can do repairs too,’ he adds, hastily, eager to sweeten the deal as much as possible. ‘I fixed Alba Tremara’s ship. She can tell you, if you ask.’ Thylas hums indecisively. He leans against the counter, perhaps weighing them up against others he’s spoken to, or might speak to in future. ‘All right,’ he says, at last. ‘Let me just close up shop a second, and I’ll take you out to see her.’ Kylo feels a rush of elation. They’re safe, for now. They’re free, for now. He turns to Hux. He thinks he might detect a hint of relief in the other man’s expression, but Hux mostly just looks tired and irritable. Kylo can’t help but feel annoyed in return, given that he’s just earned them travel further away from the Resistance, and Hux has done precisely nothing. Still, he doesn’t feel he can say anything in the store, and with Thylas so close by, so he settles for a scowl, and for biding his time. He has no idea if Hux remembers the events of the previous night. Kylo himself has very little experience of drinking, and precisely none of actually being drunk. He just hasn’t had the time or the inclination. He understands on a theoretical level that when people are inebriated they can lose large portions of time from their memories, but he doesn’t know what behaviour might indicate that was happening, or if indeed there is any way to tell. He could try probing Hux’s mind for memories of the incident, but to do so without Hux being aware would require skill and concentration, and right now he is too preoccupied with maintaining their cover and trying to secure them some transport to achieve the level of focus he’d need. There’s also the fact that the prospect of covertly delving into Hux’s mind for this sort of information inspires in Kylo a feeling of disgust. It’s not a feeling he’s used to, for while it’s true Kylo hasn’t probed Hux’s inner thoughts before, it was more the danger of jeopardising their shared but tense leadership of the Finalizer than any concern for Hux himself, or for their relationship on what was any more than a professional level. Things have changed lately, and Kylo isn’t sure if it’s the death of Snoke, or something less easily identifiable as a precise turning point, but he’s been uncovering a lot of feelings, impulses, a lot of parts of himself, that he had thought were long lost. He’s snapped out of his reverie by Thylas calling them to follow him. Kylo and Hux trail along behind him out into the junkyard. As they draw close, what Kylo had assumed was simply another pile of scrap metal shimmering in the sunlight is revealed to be a large ship, far larger than he had been expecting Thylas to have in his possession. The ship shines dully, clad in pinkish brown and silver metal. The lines of its exterior are smooth and flowing, reminding Kylo more of waves and of the delicate shapes of flowers than of any of the utilitarian craft he is used to seeing. The ship must, he guesses, be at least a hundred years old, and what it could have been used for he can’t imagine. ‘It’s a pleasure cruiser,’ states Hux, standing beside Kylo to look up at the dilapidated grandeur of the ship. Though his voice doesn’t show it, Kylo thinks that Hux’s expression indicates he’s a little impressed by the spectacle in spite of himself. It can’t be the military power of the craft that inspires Hux’s admiration, because it’s next to useless in that regard – few defences, points where an attacker could force entry – so it must be its aesthetic properties that appeal to him. Kylo finds this difficult to marry with the vision of Hux he has always held in his head of a man who is barely more than a machine conducting martial operations under a watchful and analytical eye. ‘Sure is,’ replies Thylas, as they follow him closer to the cruiser. ‘Interior’s been almost totally gutted for parts, but the engine’s still going, and all the basic functions are just about up and running. I just need to get her out to my contact on the Outer Rim. She’s got some rare parts on her, parts I don’t have any need of, but they’re a whole other level of resourceful, they’ll find a use for anything down to the shirt on your back and make a tidy profit on it too. They’ll buy the ship off me in its entirety, and you can each take a cut of the profits. All you gotta do is get her there.’ Kylo nods in acceptance of Thylas’s offer. Hux is still looking at the ship itself. ‘It’s a one way trip, mind,’ Thylas warns them, as he takes a cursory glance at the documents (all Hux’s) that Kylo offers him. ‘Once you’re there, I’ve got no responsibility. Can’t account for if there’ll be anyone to take you off-world or not.’ ‘That’s all right,’ says Kylo quickly, taking back the folder. Thylas raises his eyebrow in apparent surprise at his eagerness. ‘Well,’ he says, ‘If you say so.’ * * * After Thylas has briefed Kylo on the journey, and on specifically the more treacherous stretches that he will have to navigate himself rather than leaving to autopilot, Hux and Kylo set out to explore the ship. Hux isn’t trailing after Kylo anymore, and they walk together, but mostly they don’t speak. Kylo is at ease in the silence, and Hux seems to be too, so he settles for being relieved that Hux doesn’t seem actively angry at him anymore. The areas of the ship that used to be for the use of passengers occupy four levels. The top two tiers seem to have been the individual rooms and bathroom facilities of the guests, but they’ve since had all the walls knocked in and been raided of anything that could be easily moved and most things that couldn’t as well. Kylo assumes that at some point in the ship’s life these areas had been demolished to make room for cargo rather than passengers, leaving vast, echoing halls almost entirely grey with exposed metal. More remains of the third floor down, which encompasses various recreational areas. The largest room is a ballroom with the bare skeleton of a chandelier hanging from the ceiling, and a partially decomposed wooden stage which looks like it might fall apart if either of them stood on it. There’s a casino too, with tables for playing sabacc screwed into the floor and empty space where gambling machines must once have stood round the perimeter of the rooms. Another room has a pool emptied of water and of the plumbing to fill it again. Three further rooms seem to have been cantinas or restaurants, and there are another three which have been too stripped of furniture and equipment for their original purpose to be discernible. The lowest floor of the passenger’s area seems more geared to relaxation with a spa area that, once again, no longer has running water, and a more sprawling dining hall. The final room on this floor has large transparisteel windows all around the edges which sit on the side of the ship. It takes Kylo a while to figure out what exactly the room is before it dawns on him that it’s a garden. Gardens haven’t been popular on board ships for a long time. In the early days of intergalactic passenger travel they had been a popular reassurance that the oxygen supplies were being replenished, even though in reality they were for little more than show. Kylo still imagines that by the time this ship was created they must have been vanishingly rare. There aren’t any plants left here, of course, but there’s still a visible system of pipes and sprinklers for dispersing water and trenches and pools where it must once have flowed, spanned by small footbridges. The plants would have been sustained by the artificial light of the ship and not the weak light of the stars, rendering the viewports a purely aesthetic consideration, a compelling juxtaposition with the greenery inside, and a way for passengers to experience for themselves the vast and sweeping vistas of space. Kylo thinks he knew of a garden something like this once, a long time ago, and the smell of Tremara’s smoke comes back to him in waves. Below the floors for passengers are the rooms for the staff and crew, the walls of which have not been demolished, but have still begun to fall into disrepair, and have still been looted thoroughly for anything of use or value. There’s also a small cargo hold, which they can see through the viewport is completely empty, although the door to it has been welded shut for reasons that must once have made sense. The remaining portion of the ship consists of the bridge, only a small area of the controls on which are actually functional and necessary these days, and next to it, the quarters for the pilots and captain. Two of these rooms are clean and furnished, albeit sparsely. Any shower fixtures in the small bathrooms that might once have used actual water have been removed and refitted with old, but useable, sonic technology instead. There’s a small kitchen, which looks as if it might have been refitted from another cabin, and another room now serves as a larder, filled with stacks of portions, bottles of clean water, and a selection of other food and drink which takes up little storage and requires minimal preparation. ‘This isn’t so bad,’ says Kylo, examining some jars of caf powder and materials for making other drinks he can’t identify. Hux folds his arms across his chest, looking distinctly unimpressed. They disembark the same day. Kylo initiates the launch sequence and sets the ship on track for their destination alone, as Hux shows no interest in helping, and wanders off somewhere when Kylo heads to the bridge. Though the ship is old, its controls are pretty straightforward, and Kylo doesn’t, strictly speaking, need Hux’s help, but he’s still a little annoyed, and, if truth be told, a little hurt, that Hux didn’t even offer assistance. Once they’re safely off-world, he goes looking for Hux. His job is made considerably easier by the fact that he’s locked down all non-essential areas of the ship so as not to waste power, and he realises that Hux must be in his own cabin. He pauses outside the door, considering knocking, but eventually he settles for going back to his own quarters to rest. He falls with little difficulty into a deep and unusually dreamless sleep. Chapter 6 Over the next couple of days, Kylo resolutely tries to keep himself busy around the ship. It had worked as a distraction tactic on Tremara’s vessel, so why not here too? Unfortunately, what he has to get done here is very limited. Once he has checked the functioning of essential systems three times over, each extremely thorough check taking him roughly a day, he finds himself at a loose end, and the temptation to go and talk to Hux grows greater and greater. Hux doesn’t seem to be doing anything much, at least as far as Kylo can tell. He sleeps a lot, and then when he is awake he lounges on the seating in their sharing living space, glancing over whatever reading material is available to him, or watching the limited supply of old holovids that have been provided. He hasn’t cut his hair yet, but he has started shaving again. Kylo thinks this is probably a positive thing, showing Hux still wants to take care of himself, although it could just be that he’s trying to reclaim some of who he was prior to their running away. ‘Hux?’ Kylo greets him, when he brings the other man some food. Hux does get food of his own volition, but Kylo in his search for tasks with which to occupy himself has taken on the responsibility of providing them both with regular meals, even if it’s just adding water to portions he’s heated up. Hux takes the food, and looks up at Kylo with an irritable expression. ‘You… you saved me, didn’t you?’ Kylo asks him, with uncharacteristic hesitance. ‘Yes,’ says Hux, with a slow and patronising air as if Kylo is a difficult child. ‘That’s what I told you I was doing at the time. And here we are,’ he gestures around at the shabby furnishings of the common living area, ‘ saved.’ ‘That’s not what I mean,’ scowls Kylo. He’s trying to guess at Hux’s reasoning for something he’s only just figured out. ‘I mean… that escape pod was for one, wasn’t it? One set of documents, enough clothes for one person. Snoke didn’t know about it. Snoke didn’t ask you to take me with you. You could have left me behind.’ Hux glares and shrugs, rapidly working his way through his meal. Kylo’s own bowl of food is still in his hand, almost forgotten. He looks down at his bare feet. Since they’ve been on the ship Kylo’s ceased to see much point in putting his boots on every day. ‘I was just wondering,’ he perseveres, determined to get some sort of answer out of Hux. ‘Why you did that. Why you took me with you. Even though that wasn’t part of your plan. When you must have known it’d be more difficult to run away with two people, one of us without any documents.’ Hux stops eating and eyes Kylo with a level gaze. ‘I suppose,’ he says, at last. ‘I thought you’d be more useful, and less inclined to bother me with ridiculous questions than is evidently the case.’ Kylo waits for Hux to finish his food. He wonders when this new strategy of solving problems other ways than anger surfaced. There was a name, of course, for the person he was before he was Kylo Ren. Ben Solo. But it’s been such a long time since he was a boy whose future hadn’t yet been mapped out for him – by Snoke or his parents – that Kylo struggles to identify himself now as either the hot-tempered Lord of the Knights of Ren or the gangling, awkward Ben. Hux hands Kylo his empty plate, and, to Kylo’s surprise, when he asks him if he’d like a rundown of the controls on the bridge in case he’s needed as co-pilot, Hux grudgingly acquiesces. ‘I was in command of a Resurgent Class Star Destroyer, you know,’ Hux observes, as they walk there together. ‘I know how a ship works.’ Kylo doesn’t reply, he just gets them to the bridge, and gets started on pointing out the idiosyncrasies of the outdated control system. Hux idly presses a button on the communications panel, and the comm crackles into life. ‘… on all frequencies. I repeat, this announcement is being broadcast on all frequencies.’ Hux looks at Kylo. His finger is still hovering over the button that activates the comm. ‘ The provisional government of the Third Galactic Republic is offering rewards for two high-profile fugitives. It is unknown if they are currently together, or are acting alone, but a 10, 000 credit reward will be given to anyone who can provide information leading to the capture, alive, of either one of these men.’ Kylo can feel his heartbeat pounding in his head, like the aching beginnings of a migraine. ‘ We are looking for a man known to the Resistance as Kylo Ren. He has black hair, brown eyes, and brown moles across his face and body. He has a distinctive scar running diagonally across his face. It is unknown if he is armed, but as a trained Force-user he is considered highly dangerous.’ Kylo traces his scar with nervous fingers. Hux looks at his face, and then curiously at the neck of his shirt. ‘The second fugitive is Brendol Hux II, once a so-called General of the First Order –‘ Hux slams his finger on the button, and leans against the console, breathing heavily. Kylo shows him the rest of the controls, trying to remain calm, and Hux nods vaguely but it’s clear he isn’t really paying attention. Kylo lets it slide, and when Hux disappears again, he doesn’t try to find out where he is. * * * Kylo is lying in bed, but not yet sleeping, when he’s disturbed by the sound of his door opening, and the light emanating from the corridor. A silhouette of a figure stands in the doorway, before moving towards his bed. ‘Hux?’ he says, although there’s no question who it is. Hux shushes him, and sits on the edge of the bed, leaning in close to Kylo, so close, until their faces are almost touching and Kylo can feel Hux’s breath on his skin. Hux stares at him, and Kylo, without really thinking about what he’s doing, closes the last bit of distance to kiss Hux full on the mouth. Hux groans appreciatively, and tangles his hands in Kylo’s hair as Kylo himself leans back, pulling Hux down on top of him. Kylo slides his hands beneath the shirt Hux wears to bed to get to his waist, sucking at Hux’s lower lip even as he tries to figure out how and why this is happening. It feels like a dream, like one of the guilty fantasies he’d frantically jerked off to in the showers on Tremara’s ship, but Hux is here, and he’s real, grinding onto Kylo, whose cock is hardening rapidly. Hux pauses to remove his shirt, and then he’s back at Kylo’s mouth again, deepening the kiss further into something hungry and urgent. Kylo can feel Hux’s own erection rubbing against him, and his hands wander down to the waistband of Hux’s briefs, sliding beneath them to feel the shape of his ass. Hux wriggles against him in response to the feeling, and their cocks rut up against each other, sending a jolt of pleasure through Kylo which elicits a low, needy moan, even in spite of himself. Hux hurriedly removes the last obstacle between their naked bodies, and grinds down against Kylo, whining appreciatively. He pauses for breath, up on his knees, and Kylo cautiously slides a hand between Hux’s legs to trace his hole. It’s been so long since he’s done this, and even then it was rare his encounters progressed beyond frustrated, exploratory fumbling. He doesn’t want, in his inexperience, to risk hurting Hux. When he touches Hux’s hole it’s already slick. Hux, Kylo realises, flushing, must have prepared himself before he came over. Some of the lube has leaked out onto Hux’s thighs, and Kylo uses it to coat his hand before slicking it onto his dick. Hux takes Kylo’s erection in his hand, and guides the tip to his entrance. Sighing, he eases himself down onto Kylo’s cock, and Kylo is enveloped into the tight heat of him. Hux pauses to steady himself, placing his hands on Kylo’s chest, before fucking down onto his dick with the same vigour with which he had kissed him. Kylo traces his hands over Hux’s chest, the soft white skin, the pink nipples, even as Hux’s constant movement impedes the mapping of his slim and supple body. This is the most of Hux’s flesh he’s ever seen or been allowed to touch, and he wants to preserve the moment just in case nothing of the kind ever happens again again. Hux leans back from Kylo, seemingly lost in himself, closing his eyes as if to focus just on the feeling of Kylo inside him. ‘Hux,’ Kylo groans, gripping the other man’s hips as he thrusts up into him. He can feel his orgasm building, and he doesn’t think he’ll be able to hold off for much longer. ‘ Hux .’ Their bodies slam together once more as Hux fucks down onto him and Kylo’s hips jerk up, and that’s it. Kylo’s only dimly aware of the sensation of come pulsing out of him as his back arches, and for a brief second it seems like his thoughts blank out and his brain has become just another organ of pleasure. He lies on the bed, panting, rubbing his thumbs in circles on Hux’s hips. He isn’t sure which of them he’s trying to comfort. It hasn’t escaped his notice that Hux is still hard, and Kylo reaches out to grasp his erection, but Hux swats his hand away. He lifts himself up off Kylo’s spent cock, pulls his shirt and underwear back on, brushing imaginary dirt off his chest like he hasn’t been on Kylo’s dick not a minute before, like he isn’t visibly leaking precum even now. He leaves. Kylo lies back, the covers pooled around his feet, utterly bewildered. He tries to process what just happened, but his mind draws a blank. On a physical level he is satisfied, still on a high from the orgasm Hux dragged out of him, but he falls asleep to dreams of returning the favour, of greedily sucking Hux off while he whimpers, whines, clutches at the sheets. Chapter 7 He tries to put off going to look for Hux, but eventually he can’t stop himself. He searches their quarters and the bridge, but Hux is nowhere, and he’s at a loss as to where he can have gone until he notices on the ship’s controls that one of the passenger levels is active. He heads down there, and finds Hux in the room that was once the garden, staring out at the black expanse of space, punctuated only by brief, bright worlds and stars. ‘Hux.’ He finds himself unable to summon up anything more eloquent, but at the same time that one syllable seems to say everything he had wanted. Hux doesn’t turn around. He just keeps staring out the viewport. ‘My father once told me that you have to do difficult things, painful things, immoral things, to get to the ideal point of perfection and order.’ Hux’s voice is flat and bored. ‘“The ends justify the means.”’ He turns to Kylo. His gaze is impassive. ‘Do you agree?’ Kylo shrugs. ‘My father said that to make an Endorian chicken stew you have to ruffle a few feathers but I’m not sure that’s really the same thing.’ Hux doesn’t really seem to be listening. ‘If that’s your guiding principle,’ he continues, ‘Then what do you do if you don’t get the ends? If you’re left with the means? With what you had to do to get to a goal which shifted away and slipped from your grasp?’ He spits the words out like curses, and Kylo doesn’t know what to say. ‘What do you think the “Third Galactic Republic” will do if they catch us?’ he asks, looking back out at the stars. ‘They haven’t caught us yet,’ Kylo reminds him, clenching and unclenching his fists. A nervous habit. ‘Of course, it’s different for you,’ mutters Hux. The pale light turns his red hair to gold, and makes him look slight, ethereal. He looks as if he might so easily flicker like an ember and fade to nothing. ‘I don’t have a convenient alter ego to shoulder the blame for all my wrongdoings.’ He scoffs. ‘My crimes are all my own.’ ‘What?’ ‘“Oh, what wasn’t me ,”’ Hux mocks, ‘“That was Kylo Ren , and now I’ve been drawn back to the light side to sing songs and pick flowers with the younglings.”’ Kylo recoils. Hux always seems to know the exact point and pressure to hurt him the most, and then to take pleasure in stabbing him there as hard as he can. * * * Later, he decides that he shouldn’t blame Hux for how he’s feeling, and fetches a tattered sabacc deck from the common area. After a few rounds of arranging and rearranging the cards, trying to remember all the iterations of solitaire he used to know, Hux finally takes the bait and mooches over to play against him. It’s how they end up occupying many of the succeeding days. Hux keeps a meticulous mental record of the scores, which fluctuate rapidly, largely because when Hux seems to be on a winning streak Kylo rifles through his surface thoughts to cheat spectacularly. He doesn’t really care about the outcome. He barely listens to Hux’s tense recitations of the score. But he sees Hux’s new willingness – or at least resignation – to spend time with him as an improvement on his previous lethargy, and he worries Hux will give up on playing against him if he doesn’t artificially level the playing field every so often. It’s not much of a way to occupy oneself, not as far as Kylo is concerned. But it still gives them some kind of structure in between rests and meals, and it’s how they live. Hux doesn’t return to Kylo’s room, and Kylo tries not to feel disappointed. This routine exists uninterrupted until Kylo is faced with the first obstacle must be navigated manually, flying through the outer reaches of a particularly finicky system. He’d prefer Hux to be there with him, in case of emergencies, but not wanting to annoy him he’s told him a co-pilot isn’t mandatory, and Hux seemed hugely relieved. Fortunately, his reckless generosity doesn’t work against him, and not only do they get through the jumble of planets and moons unscathed, he makes it in half the time. Kylo can’t restrain himself from letting out a whoop when they'reout the other side and back on course. He’d forgotten what the kick of flying a difficult route well was like, not having needed to do so himself in years. The adrenaline rush is powerful and he feels elated. On a high, he sets out to look for Hux. He wants to share his achievement with somebody , even if that somebody is Hux, and who will doubtless not care in the slightest. He doesn’t think even actual anger on the part of the other man could get him down right now. He checks Hux’s room. He checks the shared living areas, and the garden level (which has remained open and in use). Stumped, he even checks his room, but of course Hux isn’t there either. He checks the bathroom, and, realising the door is locked, momentarily breathes a sigh of relief, and berates himself for getting so kriffing worked up. He bangs on the door. ‘Hux!’ No response. He knocks again, louder and more deliberately. ‘Hux?’ Kylo grits his teeth. Hux is going to hate him for this if he’s just in the shower and suddenly deaf for some reason, but his the energy of his excitement has transformed into an equally powerful feeling of fear and anxiety. He holds out his hand, and with a swift, swiping motion, clicks the ancient lock back into the open position. The door slides back. Hux is lying face down on the floor in a pool of blood. Sick and panicked, Kylo hurries over, and flips Hux onto his side. He isn’t conscious, but he’s still warm, he’s still got a pulse. He’s still alive, and that’s something to hold on to. Kylo takes off his shirt and rips it into strips, wrapping them tightly around the cuts down Hux’s arms. There are several evenly spaced gashes horizontally along his inner arms, and two long lines downwards intersecting them. The effect is so neat and clinical that it’s almost hard to believe that something so ordered could be killing him. The cuts are numerous, Kylo notes as he hurries to bandage them, and they’re quite deep. He looks around himself once the bandaging is done. Nearby and covered in blood is the blade from one of their razors. In a perverse way, it gives Kylo hope. Hux must have made no small amount of effort to do the damage he has with something comparatively blunt, and perhaps it indicates that his wounds might be significantly less severe than Kylo had estimated on a first judgement. Next to the razor blade are the scattered contents of a medkit. Kylo searches around for something – anything – that might help him out, although he can hardly change the strips of cloth for proper bandages right now. Two bottles have rolled far across the bathroom floor, and he hastily examines them upon their retrieval. One of them is some sort of lubricant. The other is a small plastic container, and Kylo’s heart sinks when he reads the label on the side of it. Sleeping pills. It’s not medical issue packaging, and there don’t seem to be any instructions. The container is empty. Kylo is at a loss as to what to do. He can bandage wounds, even stitch them up if he has to, but he’s never trained for anything to prepare him for this. He puts his head in his hands, shaking. Does he make Hux throw up? Can’t people choke from that? He tries to wake Hux by shaking him, and then by slapping him on the cheek, hard, but nothing seems to have any noticeable impact. In the end, he lifts Hux into his arms, careful not to disturb the improvised bandages. Hux’s room is close, but his own is nearer, and so he settles Hux on his side in his bed. Hux’s head lolls, and he mutters something meaningless as if he’s only sleeping after all. Kylo feels tentatively relieved. He perches on the edge of the bed, and waits, hardly daring to breathe. Chapter 8 It’s a long time before Hux wakes up, long enough that Kylo himself could have got a full night’s rest in the time he was waiting, were it not for his feeling too on edge to sleep. His mind is somewhat eased by the fact that over the course of the time Hux seems more in a normal sleep state than anything dangerous. At least, Kylo thinks, the presence of the sleeping pills goes some way to explaining how Hux slept so deeply and so fast on Tremara’s ship. Eventually, Hux’s eyelids flutter and open, and he squints in the light. He looks down at his bandaged arms, and then up to where Kylo is sitting, still on the edge of the bed. He rolls his eyes and scowls. ‘Oh, kriff.’ ‘You’re alive,’ says Kylo, hugely relieved. ‘Evidently.’ Hux slumps back into bed, and turns away from Kylo. ‘I thought you were going to die. I thought you’d overdosed.’ Hux still isn’t looking at him but Kylo can see him scowl all the same. ‘Those pills were the height of First Order tech. You can’t overdose on them, they activate in succession not simultaneously. I was just trying to knock myself out long enough to bleed out.’ Kylo doesn’t know what to say to that. He waits for a moment, but Hux doesn’t seem to have anything else to say. ‘I guess I’ll go and sleep then,’ he says, not bothering to disguise the hurt in his voice. He pauses, wanting a way to express to Hux why he’d saved him. That it wasn’t because he doesn’t understand Hux’s pain, or that he wants Hux because he thinks he’ll be useful somehow, because he sure as hell isn’t that. He leans over Hux, and kisses the top of his head. Hux’s hair is soft against his lips, and somehow smells more distinctively of Hux than the rest of him, something sharp and minty that’s in his shampoo, and something softer and muskier underneath that might just be his own scent. He pulls away before he can dwell on the feelings for too long, and stands up to leave. As he starts away from the bed he feels a tight grip around his wrist, pulling him back. He turns back to Hux. ‘Stay.’ It’s not a plea, at least not in tone, and Hux’s expression is one of neutrality. All the same, the hand wrapped tight around his wrist communicates a desperation that belies Hux’s calm exterior. Kylo considers Hux for a moment before relenting. For the first time since Tremara’s ship they sleep side by side, in the same bed. The beds on the pleasure cruiser are somewhat larger, but they still sleep bunched together like they were before, although whether out of habit or for the comfort of proximity it’s difficult to say. When Kylo wakes, Hux is sitting up in the bed, and seems to have been watching him. ‘Why did you stop me?’ Hux asks. Kylo blinks blearily. It’s too early for… well, actually he has no idea what point in the standard day they’re at anymore, but it’s certainly too soon after he’s woken up for him to be able to deal with these kinds of questions. ‘I… I don’t know,’ he manages. ‘That is… not exactly.’ ‘You know who I am,’ Hux points out. ‘And what I’ve done. I’m far from worthy of being saved.’ He looks down at his arms. Kylo notices he’s put fresh bandages on them. ‘That’s… That’s not…’ ‘I’m under no illusions I’m a good person,’ says Hux, glancing coolly at him. Kylo wonders if there lies in Hux’s statement the implication that he, Kylo, doesn’t understand the moral repercussions of his own actions. ‘Sometimes,’ Hux continues. ‘I think the Resistance have a more accurate impression of my character than you do. I don’t suppose you can name a single good thing I’ve done.’ ‘You saved me,’ Kylo blurts out. He’s still lying down, looking up at Hux, but at least he feels more awake. Hux raises an eyebrow. ‘Ah, yes. A mass murderer. A patricide. A creature almost as wretched and depraved as myself. I’m sure that will count hugely in my favour. The rescue of one brutal war machine.’ Kylo feels deflated. ‘Well,’ he continues, flatly. ‘It’s a start.’ Hux lets out a derisive scoff, but he doesn’t pursue the topic any further. He leaves the room, and for a while Kylo wonders if he should follow him in case he tries to do something desperate, but before long Hux is back, and he’s brought them food and caf. They eat in silence, and then lie back down. They don’t sleep, not for a long time, but there’s something soothing about it all the same. Kylo wraps his arms around Hux, and Hux doesn’t shrug him off. If anything, Kylo thinks, he seems to lean in to the touch, but the change, if any, is imperceptible. ‘Even if we do remain undetected,’ says Hux, a day or so later, ‘What do you imagine our lives will be like? Nothing we do can repair what we have done already.’ They’ve started playing sabacc again, sat on the bed with the sheets bunched at the bottom of the mattress. The rhythm of the game has changed though; it’s slow, lazy, almost dream-like. If Hux is still keeping score, Kylo isn’t aware of it, because he no longer punctuates play with updates on how badly Kylo is losing. ‘I don’t know,’ Kylo shrugs, uneasily. ‘We’ll just… start again, I suppose. Do something normal. There must be somewhere out there we won’t be found. Somewhere we can do whatever it is regular people fill up their lives with.’ Hux lets his hand drop, and curls up on the bed, facing away from Kylo. The cards fall together in heap. ‘Do you know how hard it is,’ he asks, in a strained voice, ‘To adjust yourself to the idea of an ordinary life when you’ve been conditioned all your life for a position of power and influence?’ Kylo considers. He gathers up the sabacc deck. Hux’s flinging down of his own cards has upset the rest of the game, and anyway, Kylo doesn’t think he’s in the mood for playing anymore. Kylo can guess at how Hux is feeling, but for himself the idea of leadership was always secondary. His life has revolved around trying to follow the commands of others, whether his parents, Snoke, or what he surmised the orders of the deceased Darth Vader might entail. ‘We have nothing in our favour,’ Hux tells him. ‘All we have is each other, and we’re hardly in a position to adjust to normality whilst hiding everything that has mattered about our lives.’ Kylo settles into bed next to Hux, facing the back of the other man’s head. ‘Hux,’ he begins. The feeling is easier somehow to articulate when Hux isn’t looking at him. When he doesn’t have to face the bright blue-green eyes that can shift from soft to sharp in an instant. ‘I love you.’ There’s a pause. He sees Hux’s body still. ‘And what good will that do?’ asks Hux. Kylo’s heart pounds anxiously as he leans over the other man’s body to press a kiss to his mouth. It’s a chaste kiss, a kiss that asks for nothing and gives everything, gives all the sickening, stifling fondness that Kylo’s been trying to suffocate inside of him for so long. He pulls away, and Hux exhales gently. * * * They spend the next few cycles holed up in Kylo’s room, not that they’re concerning themselves with time-keeping any more. They sleep when they’re tired, eat when they’re hungry, and the rest of the time they lie down, or play sabacc, or try to use the deck to play other card games that it wasn’t designed for. Sometimes they just talk. ‘I think they chose Arkanis Minor for the rain,’ Hux tells him, as they lie in bed, facing each other. ‘It’s what the original Arkanis was famous for after all. Amongst other things.’ ‘Do you remember Arkanis?’ Hux considers, and then shakes his head. ‘Not in any substantial way.’ They pause. Hux traces with his index finger lines on Kylo’s chest, from mole, to mole, to mole. ‘The rain on Arkanis Minor was cold and seemed almost to slice through you. There was hardly any vegetation out on the cliffs because the rain tore it away and swept it down to the lakes at the foot of the jagged grey mountains.’ Hux stops talking to trace his hands over Kylo’s body, like he had done that time on the previous ship. Kylo’s cock begins to harden in response, and glancing down he can see Hux is in much the same situation. Kylo flips Hux on to his back, and kneels over his legs. ‘Do you want me to – ?’ Hux smirks. ‘Can’t you just… read my mind? Find out for yourself if I want it?’ ‘What people fantasise about and what they’re actually willing to do are often quite different. Invading a person’s mind is no way to establish consent. That’s one of the first things we learnt at…’ His speech trails off as he is hit with a vivid recollection of the Jedi school. Sitting cross-legged with the other children. The smell of pine. The well-meaning, pleasant drone of Luke Skywalker’s speeches. The freckled, mischievous smile of the boy who, years later, would let him fuck him into the mattress while they both bit back moans. The look of horror on the same boy’s face when the newly christened Kylo Ren would run him through with a lightsaber. ‘I know you’re having some sort of moment,’ says Hux, languidly interrupting the tide of recollection. ‘But I would actually rather like you to get me off.’ Kylo looks up at Hux, who is lounging on the pillows, smiling slyly at him through golden lashes. Rather than feel annoyed or sickened at Hux’s presence, and his intrusion into his remembrance, Kylo feels a peaceful feeling spread through him. A satisfied feeling. He kisses the inside of Hux’s thighs, gentle at first, but then hard enough that he thinks he might be leaving marks, albeit faint ones. Hux lets out ragged breaths as Kylo strokes the length of his cock through his underwear. When Kylo goes to pull down Hux’s briefs, the other man shifts impatiently to hurry his progress. The head of Hux’s dick is pink and exposed, and Kylo licks round it, and over the slit, eliciting a harsh gasp from the other man. He lowers his mouth as far down Hux’s length as he can, and hollows his cheeks as he sucks and swallows around Hux’s cock. Hux moans, and his legs twitch a little. Kylo is torn between wanting desperately to tease him and to unabashedly show his enthusiasm for Hux, and for Hux’s dick. Teasing can wait. He bobs his head so his mouth can slide up and down Hux’s length as he tries all the time to keep sucking. He thinks the overall effect might be more of messy enthusiasm than studied eroticism, but Hux twines his hands into Kylo’s hair all the same, and before long he’s coming, spilling into Kylo’s mouth. Kylo swallows, and licks soothingly around Hux’s dick as it twitches and spasms. When Hux is spent, Kylo pulls away, and returns to the head of the bed to kiss him with an open, excited mouth. ‘You bastard,’ mutters Hux, breaking away, ‘I hate the taste of come.’ Kylo can’t stop himself, and laughter bursts forth unchecked. ‘Well then,’ Hux huffs, folding his arms. ‘If you’re going to be like that, you can get yourself off.’ But Kylo calms down, and Hux is merciful. * * * They spend the next days, perhaps weeks, alternating between sleeping, eating, and fucking. They run out of lube before long, and Hux vetoes Kylo’s suggestion of getting creative with food supplies, so then they just suck and jerk each other off. It’s enough. It’s more than enough really, certainly more than Kylo’s ever had before. He allows himself to let his guard down. He allows himself, for brief periods of time, to be happy. Hux is still Hux, and he’s still irritable and argumentative, and Kylo suspects that somewhere inside him there’s still the impulse that drove him to desperation and to the idea of death, but he hopes that Hux is, if not happy per se, then at least considerably better than before. They aren’t used, either of them, to allowing feelings of fragile tenderness to wrap in tendrils around another person, but they’re trying, and in their own brutal, broken way, it’s working, They’re both still asleep when the alarms go off, tangled in other’s arms, legs flung comfortably together among the sheets. They jolt awake, and Kylo frantically pulls on an undershirt and pants. ‘What’s happening?’ yells Hux, over the sound of the siren. ‘Ship’s been breached somehow,’ Kylo calls back to him. ‘We need to get to the bridge.’ Hux dresses rapidly, throwing on whatever he can find, and they dash to the control centre. Kylo examines the screens. ‘There are intruders on board,’ he announces, jabbing a finger at an illuminated area of the screen indicating that the entrance to the cargo hold has been opened remotely and in spite of the ship’s security protocols. ‘What do we do?’ asks Hux. ‘Can we contain them in the hold?’ ‘Too late,’ says Kylo, shaking his head, pointing to the holofeed which shows three armed soldiers ascending from floor to floor of the ship. ‘Can we at least lock ourselves in here?’ Hux sounds panicked, so Kylo does as he asks, even though he himself feels more a sense of dull resignation than any strong desire to resist capture. ‘We need to fight.’ Hux is looking around the bridge, apparently for something, anything he can use as a weapon. ‘Hux.’ Kylo tries to sound calm. ‘We need to fight! We can’t let them take us! We can’t –’ ‘Hux.’ This time his plea takes effect, and Hux stops panicking, and looks at him. Kylo takes his hand, and Hux, who rarely acquiesces to affection entirely divorced of sexuality, lets him. In this way they cling to each other. Kylo can hear the noise of the soldiers now. Who are they? Resistance? “Third Galactic Republic”? Someone else? Whoever they are, this is the end for sure. He looks into Hux’s strange, blue and green eyes, wanting to remember every inch of him. He looks into Hux’s eyes, and he’s overwhelmed with a memory from so long ago it hardly seems real. He sees a child, a small boy with dark hair. He understands instantly that the child is him, but for some reason in this memory he is just an onlooker, a spectator. They are in a large greenhouse, full of exotic plants, bright and warm although the rain outside is torrential. Kylo isn’t sure what planet this is, but here he is, in the form of a small child, old enough to waddle unsteadily, but apparently still in the stage of drooling and gnawing on any object he’s presented with. The child stops, and pulls his mouth away from the rattle he’s been chewing to look up at a large, iridescent flower that shines sometimes in blue, sometimes in emerald green and gold. It smells overpoweringly of the smoke of Tremara’s pipe, or rather; the pipe smoke smells of the flower. The boy squeals in delight, and jumps and hops, trying to reach the prize, but a tall sandy-haired man hurries over and scoops him up before he has chance to get to it. ‘No, Ben,’ says the man, kindly. He smiles, and the corners of his hazel eyes crinkle. ‘You can’t have that. That’s not a nice flower. It’ll make you very sick.’ The child is too young to understand the danger, only the denial of something he wants, and he throws back his head and bellows. The man, Han Solo, the child’s father, rubs his back, and tries to soothe the wailing boy. ‘Shush, Ben, shush. You’ll understand when you’re older, that you can’t just try and take a bite of everything you see. Believe me, I learnt the hard way.’ The boy continues to sob and sniffle. Seemingly resigned to being unable to curb the tantrum with kind words, the man sighs, and balances Ben on his hip, trying to turn the experience into a lesson instead. ‘That’s "blue ardor," Ben.’ He points at the offending plant. ‘It’s a bad flower. We don’t play with the bad flowers.’ The boy cries harder. The man sighs in frustration, and holds him close, prepared to wait out the storm. ‘Kylo?’ He fades back into the present, and Hux’s concerned eyes swim back into view. The noise of the soldiers is louder. They’re trying to bash down the door. Kylo takes Hux’s face in his free hand and tilts it up to kiss him. Hux makes a muffled noise of confusion, but returns the kiss. There’s no one left in the world to care for them, he thinks, so they must care completely, horribly, for each other. Pulling away, he nods, and Hux returns the gesture. Holding hands, and with nothing left to express through such a crude and blunt instrument as words, they turn to face the oncoming soldiers, and whatever future they bring with them.