Finn stared up at the night sky. The air on D’Qar was cool and damp, blowing through the Resistance base just enough to make the trees that surrounded the tarmac sway slightly. Insects chirped in the woods and somewhere in the distance a small predator yipped in the night. It was strange to be staring up at the stars instead of being among them. Even though he’d been on D’Qar for weeks now, after all the chaos that had happened on Starkiller base, he couldn’t get used to the feeling of removed from everything. Perhaps that was because he’d been in a coma for the better part of a week while recovering from his injuries from the battle with Kylo Ren. Perhaps it was because he’d woken up alone in the medical bay of the Resistance base only to find out that Rey had left to follow the map to find Luke Skywalker. That had stung, and Finn had eagerly tried to do as much as he could to help around the base to keep his mind off the scavenger girl. While there was always work to do and everyone was friendly enough, that hadn’t made the feeling of being an outsider go away. Poe was gone too. The pilot that he’d risked his life to save, whose jacket he still had, who had been so overjoyed to see that he was alive when they’d first set down on D’Qar and stepped off the Millenium Falcon. Poe who had hugged him so tightly, made him feel so welcome and alive, who Finn felt a strange and undeniable bond to. Perhaps it was because of the daring escape they’d both engaged in. The drama of it all, the epic battle to destroy Starkiller, how Poe had led the Resistance attack to drive off the First Order at Maz’s palace. The relief and amazement that Finn had felt when he’d discovered that Poe was alive. All the high stakes involved, life and death and the freedom of the Galaxy itself. Perhaps their trauma had drawn them together? Or rather thrown them together in this case, Finn wasn’t sure. Poe had been actively avoiding him since he woke up, always running off to another mission. Finn wasn’t a pyschtech, so he had no idea what to make of any of this, perhaps the whole idea of being brought together by trauma was just some trope for the romance novels that General Leia had so kindly lent him while he was in the medical bay. Finn was just a soldier after all. And now, a soldier without a mission. Poe was lucky, at least he was able to fly. Right now, he was out on some long mission with BB-8 and his fellow pilot, a black haired girl by the name of Jessika Pava. Finn had met her briefly before they’d attacked Starkiller Base, she had seemed as nice as everyone else. The former Stormtrooper sighed, giving up on the star counting he’d been engaging it. He didn’t know what he’d expected honestly when he’d come to the Resistance, but it certainly wasn’t this overwhelming feeling of loneliness . In the First Order he’d had comrades, friends even, among his squad and fellow Stormtroopers, but here, even though the Resistance was so clearly the right choice, he was adrift and without purpose. At least he with the Order he’d had a job, a clear goal. What was he supposed to do now? Now that he had the entire Galaxy opened to him. He could go anywhere, do anything, he supposed, but doing so just didn’t feel right either. He didn’t really want to leave, where would he go anyway? The solitude of the night was broken as the sound of X-Wing engine roared overhead and Finn looked up to see the lights on Poe and Jessika’s X-Wings glowing in the night as they came in to land on the runway. A grin broke out on the former Stormtrooper’s face. They were back! He climbed down from the lookout tower that he’d been sitting atop of and ran down the runway to greet them. “Poe! Jessika!” He called, trying not to sound too excited as the two pilots exited their X-Wings. “Hey Finn!” Poe turned at the sound of his voice, pulling his flight helmet off and giving Finn a grin that made his heart skip a few beats. Jessika said something to Poe that Finn couldn’t hear over the X-Wing engines venting their steam and how far away he was still. The female pilot gave Poe a companionable punch on the arm and headed off in the direction of the barracks, pausing to give Finn a wave and a smile as she did. “What was that all about?” Finn asked as he drew closer. BB-8 was being lowered down from the X-Wing and Poe was doing a post-flight check on the little orange and white droid. “Oh, nothing,” Poe said unconvincingly, paying very close attention to whatever he was checking on BB-8. “How did the recon go? Or is it top secret?” Finn grasped at straws for something to talk about, anything , so he wasn’t standing there just staring at the other man. “We didn’t find anything,” Poe sighed in frustration as he stood, giving BB-8 an affectionate pat on its mechanical head. “So there isn’t much to keep secret. How does an entire insane group like the First Order just vanish? It doesn’t make sense, they’d have to be somewhere ?” He looked at Finn and the former Stormtrooper shrugged. “I wish I knew,” Finn hung his head. He’d not been much help with knowing about the First Order’s operation coordinates, sanitation didn’t exactly get to be privy to that sort of knowledge. He had only known where Starkiller was because he’d had to work there. The silence between the two men started to grow and BB-8 looked between them and let out a series of beeps and bloops that made Poe chuckle. “I suppose you’re right BB-8, no sense in worrying about it now. We’ll find them, we’ll be ready for them. Fanatics like the ones who run First Order don’t say quiet for long.” The little droid made another blooping noise and looked between the two men, clearly expecting something further to be said. “Well, well I’m glad you made it back safely,” Poe told him. “You too BB-8,” he smiled down at the droid. “I should probably let you get some sleep. You must’ve been flying for hours.” “Try days. And living off space rations,” Poe made a face. “I would kill for a cup of coffee and a homemade meal right now. I love flying but after a while sitting in that cockpit starts to wear on you, ya know? Can’t stretch your legs like you can on a shuttle.” Finn nodded. He was no pilot, but he could certainly appreciate Poe’s lamentations. The TIE-Fighter they had stolen hadn’t exactly been spacious and the X-Wing cockpits were even smaller. “Well I can’t promise you a home cooked meal, they didn’t train me on how to do that, but I’ve learned how to make some pretty good coffee,” Finn offered the pilot a griin. “Unless you think we need to raid General Organa’s liquor cabinet.” “Oh as tempting that sounds, she would be furious. You really don’t want to see her when she’s angry,” some of the tension seemed to ease of Poe’s body, his shoulders slumping a little bit. “No. No I do not,” Finn laughed, shaking his head slightly. It was then that he noticed that Poe was staring at him, eyes a little glazed and a little slack jawed. He chalked it up to the pilot’s exhaustion. “So, coffee then?” he offered awkwardly. Poe gave himself a shake and ran a hand through his hair. “Umm yeah, yeah coffee would be nice.” Neither of them moved from the tarmac. BB-8 made an exasperated beeping sound and rolled off, leaving the two men standing there in the night air. “Say Finn?” Poe asked, gazing up at the stars that he’d so recently been among, still not moving from the spot. “What’s up?” “Do you like pancakes?” Finn blinked at the question. “I… I suppose I do. I’ve never had them before. The First Order didn’t exactly have a stellar breakfast buffet.” Poe stared at him in mild shock. “Never. Had. Pancakes?” he put a hand over his chest dramatically. “Oh we can’t have this. This is an injustice!” “Poe they’re just pancakes.” “No, no, no, pancakes are essential to breakfast! Especially when I make them!” “Oh?” Finn raised his eyebrows, not really certain as to why this was such a big deal, but Poe seemed incapable of letting the matter go. “Yes. We have to remedy this. Immediately.” “It’s two thirty in the morning, Poe.” “Well you were offering to make me coffee,” Poe offered him a grin. “The mess hall is open and the kitchen is too. It isn’t like they lock it up at night. So what do you say? Make us some of that amazing coffee you were telling me about and I’ll make some of my famous pancakes!” “Oh they’re famous now are they?” Finn couldn’t help but grin back at the other man. “Across the Galaxy!” Poe grabbed his hand without a second thought and started to lead him towards the kitchens. “Come on, I’m starving. You’ve not lived until you’ve had my sweetberry pancakes with frill syrup!” Finn didn’t protest, he was too busy staring at the hand that Poe was holding. The pilot hadn’t hesitated, just like Finn hadn’t on Jakku when he’d grabbed Rey’s hand to pull her away from danger. Only the difference here was that there was no danger, they weren’t running from anything. And he didn’t want Poe to let go of his hand. It made his heart race and made him feel like he was floating and filled with sunshine. BB-8 watched his master lead Finn away, beeping and chirping at Jessika as she peered out from around the doorframe with the little droid. “See I told you, it would work,” she grinned at BB-8. “Now so long as they don’t burn down the mess hall we’re in good hands.” BB-8 chirped at her. “Oh I know Poe can cook, among his many, many other talents. The quality of the food isn’t what worries me, my concern is if he gets too distracted by Finn and sets something on fire. He is rather easy on the eyes, if Poe wasn’t so blinding infatuated with him I’d take him to breakfast,” she chuckled to herself and grinned down at the little droid. “You keep an eye on them, but keep quiet, okay? Let me know how it goes in the morning, I’m going to bed.” BB-8 blooped happily in confirmation and rolled off to follow his master and the former Stormtrooper to see how this breakfast-for-dinner date went. Chapter 2 Poe was most definitely not nervous. Why should he be? This was just a late night, too-early breakfast with a friend. A friend who had betrayed the terrifying First Order and sprung him from his cell on the Finalizer. A friend who he had let keep his jacket. He’d had that jacket for years, since he’d started flying with the Resistance. It had been his most prized possession. And yet it had just seemed right for Finn to have it. Poe glanced over his shoulder as he shucked off his thermal gloves and the flak vest of his flight suit, setting them aside on one of the numerous island countertops in the kitchen of the mess hall. Finn had already busied himself at the coffee pot and was very carefully measuring out the black grounds and putting them into the top of the machine. “So tell me, was it the secret to this coffee?” Poe said as he shrugged his suspenders off so they dangled from his waist as he started to gather the ingredients that he needed to make the pancakes. “Well the actual coffee itself is pretty normal,” Finn said as he added water to the back of the machine, closed the lid and pressed the button to let it start brewing. “It’s all about how you enhance it afterwards. The coffee acts as a base you see, and then you build from there.” “Okay, so what do you add? What helps build this up to be the best coffee in the Galaxy?” Poe asked him with a grin and he pushed up his sleeves and started to measure and mix ingredients in a bowl. “Hey, those are your words, not mine,” Finn pointed at Finn accusingly, but he was grinning all the same and that made Poe feel a little bolder. Funny how the other man made him feel so nervous. They had stood side-by-side as they had discussed what needed to be done to take out Starkiller Base and Poe had not been able to stop stealing glances at him. Just being close to Finn seemed to make him tongue-tied and stupid. Something that no one had done to him before and it hadn’t gone away either. If anything the feeling of twitterpation had only intensified the more Poe had tried to avoid the other man. The pilot’s logic had been that this intense feeling of infatuation would pass if he just let all the excitement die down, if he just took a step back from the situation, from everything they had been through together. If he cooled off a bit and focused his energy elsewhere. He didn’t even know if Finn would be receptive to such an approach, and Poe had experienced his fair share of awful rejections when he’d been too eager to approach someone he’d fancied. And he liked Finn, he didn’t want to make things awkward between them. But damn it, if he didn’t want to kiss those full lips. Avoidance was clearly not working. “So your pancakes,” Finn moved to stand next to him. “What’s your big secret with them?” “Tell me yours and I’ll tell you mine,” Poe gave him a grin and then a wink. He could have kicked himself, he was acting like an idiotic high schooler! By the Maker who said stupid things like that still? Finn, much to Poe’s relief either didn’t notice or was unoffended by the extremely lame flirting that the pilot was attempting and was peering into the bowl of gooey batter that Poe was now in danger of over mixing. “Well I need the coffee to finish brewing before I show you my secret technique. So how about you start?” Finn moved to stick a finger in the batter and Poe swatted at his hand. “Don’t, there’s raw eggs in there and you’ll get sick,” he scolded as he stopped stirring the batter and moved to put a large pan on the stove and turn the heat on under it. “Now then, the trick to the Galaxy’s best pancakes is all in how you cook them.” He waits a minute for the pan to get hot and then carefully pours some of the batter into it. The liquid sizzles and then starts to bubble in the pan. Finn is watching his motions with a studious expression. “Let it bubble up a bit on top, you see? And then once most of the bubbles have popped,” Poe explains to him, giving the pan a little shake to loosen the cooking pancake from the pan. “You give it a flip,” Poe instructs him, a with a quick motion of his wrist he jerks the pan and the pancake flips into the air and then lands sticky side down in the pan and golden brown side facing up. “So your closely guarded pancake secret is all in the fancy wrist flip?” Finn asked incredulously. “You betcha!” Poe grinned at him as he slid the now cooked pancake out of the pan and onto a warming plate. “That and making sure the pan stays hot enough, you don’t want to immediately pour batter back into the pan, you need to give it a few seconds to heat back up again.” “I see…” Finn was silent for a few seconds. “Let me try?” “Sure!” Poe stepped aside as Finn scooped a ladle full of batter into the pan. He tried to flip it too early however and succeeded in mangling the pancake and making a mess of the stove as undercooked batter splattered everywhere. “I guess it’s more complicated than it looks,” Finn admitted, as he picked up the ruined bits of pancake and threw them away. “You’re just not used to it, and you’re a little impatient. Take your time with it, there isn’t a countdown timer to beat. And here,” he placed a hand over Finn’s. “I’ll guide you every step of the way.” Finn glanced at him and smiled and if Poe didn’t know any better he would say the other man was blushing. “Yeah, yeah I could use some help with that fancy wrist flip motion,” Finn mumbled, shifting himself so he was wedged between Poe and the stove. “So show me how it’s done.” If the former Stormtrooper’s shifting to place himself so close to the pilot had been intentionally teasing or not, Poe wasn’t certain. But Finn hadn’t slapped him yet so he took that as a sign to continue. “Okay well the pan should be hot enough now, so batter,” Poe guided Finn’s hand to scoop up another ladle full of batter and pour it expertly into the pan. “And now just give it a minute or two,” Poe guided Finn to put the ladle down, his free hand had wandered to rest on the top of Finn’s hip, gently holding him. “Be patient, it can only cook so fast and you don’t want the outside burned and the inside to be undercooked.” “Of course,” Finn’s voice sounded a little bit far away. “That makes sense.” “They don’t exactly teach you how to cook in the Stormtrooper training, do they?” Poe asked quietly, resting his chin on Finn’s shoulder. He only did so, he told himself, so he could keep a close eye on the pancake and be sure it didn’t get burned. He wasn’t totally not doing it so he could be closer to Finn. What he didn’t expect though, was for Finn to lean back against him. “Their domestic happy home courses were a little lacking,” Finn laughed softly, then one of his hands went to rest over the one that Poe had resting on his hip. “This… this is nice,” he murmured, almost too softly for Poe to hear. “Finn, you all right?” Poe asked quietly. For a long moment the former Stormtrooper didn’t answer him, and when he did, it had nothing to do with what Poe had asked. “Hey, do we need to flip the pancake?” “Oh! Yeah, yeah we do,” Poe guided the hand that still held Finn’s to the pan handle and with extreme care guided their motions and like magic the pancake flipped perfectly. “There,” he said, trying not to think about how warm the darker man was against him. Trying not to consider how naturally they moved together. Just like they had in that TIE-Fighter when they had escaped the Finalizer. His voice was strained slightly when he spoke again. “See? Not that difficult, it just takes a bit of practice.” “The coffee should be done now, I’ll make you some if you finish cooking,” Finn offered and Poe tried not to look too disappointed when the other man pulled away. “Sure. I’m dying to taste the coffee that Jessika said was so great,” Poe made himself smile, but his voice betrayed him. Finn glanced at him and to Poe’s surprise, offered him a rather roguish half smile. Poe thought his heart might burst from his chest in that moment. “You’ll love it, and I’m sure I’m going to love those pancakes,” Finn told him as he turned back to the coffee maker. There was something about the way he said it that made Poe’s heart skip a beat and the pilot had to scramble to save the pancake he was currently cooking from burning. They worked in silence for a few minutes, the only sounds being the sizzle of batter in the pan and the sound of coffee being mixed. “Here, try this,” Finn offered Poe a mug of steaming liquid as the pilot set down two plates of pancakes. It was a pale brown color instead of black, Finn had obviously added a great deal of cream to it, and it smelled heavily spiced. Poe took a careful sip of it and found that it tasted sweet, almost floral, something he didn’t normally associate with coffee. “Oh wow,” Poe’s eyes went wide in surprise. “Wow this is amazing Finn! How did you come up with this combination?” He took another sip and then remembered that they needed flatware and syrup and quickly set the mug down. “I just thought of all the things I liked, the scents and tastes that made me happy and it just kind of came together,” Finn shrugged, grabbing two bar stools and bringing them to the countertop island that was going to serve as their table, as Poe brought the remaining items over. “We’ll it’s pretty brilliant,” Poe took another sip of the coffee and sat down on one of the bar stools. Finn looked extremely pleased with himself as he sat down next to Poe and started to cut into the stack of pancakes on his plate. “Poe-” Finn swallowed a mouthful of the berry filled pancakes. “There are incredible!” “See? Told you, best in the Galaxy,” Poe grinned, covering his own stack of pancakes in syrup and offering the jug of the gold-blue hued liquid to Finn. The former ‘trooper took it and poured a conservative amount into one side of his plate and then dipped a pancake in it. “I suppose you weren’t lying,” Finn conceded, stuffing his face with the pancakes. “You’re not only one hell of a pilot, but one hell of a cook too!” Syrup was dripping down his chin and Poe stared at him a little and then quickly offered the other man a napkin. They ate, discussing nothing and everything and cleaned up the dishes. Finn made them a second cup of coffee and by that the time the sun was starting to peek over the horizon. “I guess I should let you get some sleep. Sorry I’ve kept you up,” Finn said as they wandered around the tarmac sipping on their coffee in the early morning light. It was quiet, except for a few maintenance droids bustling about, all the humans and aliens were sleeping still. “I don’t mind,” Poe smiled, their hands brushed against each other’s as they walked. Then Finn reached out and twinned their fingers together. Poe stared down at their interlocked hands, blinking, his brain not quite able to process what was happening. “Is… Is this okay?” Finn asked. He looked nervous, uncertain of himself. “It’s fine. Perfect,” Poe smiled, giving his hand a squeeze and felt a thrill run through him as Finn’s expression lit up. They walked a little further, hands held, gazing up at the sun as it colored the sky. Then Poe turned towards Finn as they reached the edge of the forest that surrounded the base. He leaned forward and pressed a gentle kiss against the other man’s full lips. Finn made a noise of surprise, dropping his coffee mug to the ground, where it shattered upon impact. Poe pulled away, his brow furrowing. “Is this okay?” he asked, worried that this had been the entirely wrong move to make. “It’s,” Finn touched his lips in amazement. “That… that was my first kiss.” “Oh. Oh, I’m sorry,” Poe looked away. Stupid! He should have known, should have guessed that Finn- “For what?” Finn looked confused, his hand tightened on Poe’s and pulled his attention back to the present. “It was perfect!” “It… It was?” Poe was flabbergasted. “Yeah,” Finn smiled at him. “It was.” Poe bit his lip and glanced at the rising sun. “Would you mind very much if I did it again?” “I was kind of hoping you would.” That was all the encouragement that Poe needed, he dropped his own coffee mug and pulled Finn close, kissing him for all he was worth as the sun rose over D’Qar and illuminated the world around them.