Hux’s mother had just finished listing ‘acceptable’ daughters of political rivals Hux could (or should) date. Met with Hux’s indifferent gaze, she had asked whether any of the girls weren’t as beautiful or as useful as the rest, obviously expecting him to fault her list as he was wont to do. “I’m gay.” His parents hadn’t even pretended to be surprised. “A shame about the hair, you might have passed on some beautiful genes.” Hux’s mother took a sip of her wine. “I suppose you’ll adopt one of those babies, from Africa, or… what’s popular these days, Asia? A nice Chinese baby might be a nice asset.” Hux did not comment, but his mother was not deterred. “Isn’t that Benjamin boy a queer?” Hux made an affirmative sound. It was well known that the Organa family made a point to attend Pride every year, since before Ben’s conception, but from what Hux knew from his facebook feed, the son certainly wasn’t straight. Hux’s mother sighed. “Well you can’t come out now, or they’ll think you’re copying him.” Hux’s eye twitched but he carried on eating dinner as if this was not a conversation he had been planning for half a decade. Hux had wondered how long it would take for his parents to turn it into a competition. He had honestly expected the turnover from disgust to political opportunity to take at least another two to three business days. Hux’s father turned a leaf in his newspaper, not looking up. “Get one of the boys you’ve fucked to sell a scandal piece to the news. Long and sordid, closeted and uptight etcetera.” Hux gritted his teeth. He was faced with an unforeseen problem: to tell his parents that he had not, in fact, fucked anyone might sound like an obvious (and tedious) denial. To agree would mean paying someone he had had no contact with to pretend like he had, which would most definitely cause problems down the line when it was revealed that said relationship had not, in fact, happened. “I have a boyfriend,” Hux said. He wanted to kick himself. “I can’t.” “Can’t?” His father asked, and there was the trace of disgust. “He’s reputable. He wouldn’t sell a story.” His mother had glanced at his father. They were drawing the same conclusion Hux was by the promise of a hypothetical, reputable boyfriend. The following day, he had brought Kylo née Ben Organa home with him from school. Hux’s mother had said “Benjamin, how good to see you again.” Kylo had smiled and they had all known that nobody was to be fooled with false civility. He had then taken Hux’s hand. “Which way’s your room?” Hux’s parents did not mention going out, or leaving the house to the boys as Hux would imagine other parents might with a lewd wink. Hux’s parents knew Hux had soundproofed his room, after all. - “So, what, did your parents force you to be gay because I was?” Kylo dumped himself on Hux’s bed and stared at the ceiling. “Oh don’t worry, I’m enough of a disappointment without your help.” “Then why am I here?” Hux bit back the answer and opted for another stab at the truth. “Curiosity.” “You wanted to know if an Organa would ruin his name for you?” “You’re here, aren’t you?” “And now I’m here, what happens?” The atmosphere shifted and Hux realised, perhaps for the first time, that he was becoming hypervigilant about Kylo’s movements. Hux had, he knew, set this meeting up for this exact outcome: to see whether, given the right environment, the right person, he might become… excited. This was what Kylo was expecting when he had agreed to come over. What his parents were expecting. Hux tried to breathe like he wasn’t concentrating on breathing. He felt trapped in a situation he could only blame himself on. Kylo was on his bed, waiting, expecting. Hux could feel the grip of panic. This could ruin him. He should just pretend like he wanted this. Like he was too aloof to want it. Like he was a lusty gay trustfund kid. Like he was ‘mature’ enough to want this. Like he was normal and wanted sex with someone . “I don’t want to have sex with you.” Kylo did not move. “I don’t want to have sex with you either,” Kylo said, and Hux noted, peeved, that Kylo had said it like it was all a game of petty one-upmanship. “Like you can say that looking like…” Hux gave Kylo a brazen up and down, “That.” Kylo sat up, forcing Hux to focus on the anger in his eyes. He stood, grabbed his bag. “Don’t talk to me again.” Hux watched Kylo leave, unmoved. He was glad this complication had come to such an abrupt conclusion. It would clear any complexities the two might have shared down the path. He followed Kylo downstairs only once he had heard the front door shut. “Is Benjamin not staying the night?” Hux’s mother asked, trying to sound like a mother as he joined her in the study. “We broke up.” Hux’s father let out a disappointed sigh. - Hux’s radio crackled to life a little past midnight one night a couple of months later. “Sir, Kylo Ren is at the door.” Hux, for his past, had held his end of the deal. He and Kylo had steadfastly avoided being in the vicinity of one another for the last nine weeks. Hux glanced at the radio with a frown, then turned to his bank of cameras. He watched the blonde bodyguard look into the camera, obviously anticipating Hux’s voyeurism. “He has a bag, sir.” “Let him in. I’ll be down in a second.” Hux watched as the door was shut behind Kylo and Phasma led Kylo to the study, where Hux’s father usually received guests. In the little time between looking away from his cameras and leaving his room, Kylo had evidently managed to slip from Phasma’s grasp. He met Hux halfway up the stairs. Hux glanced at Kylo’s duffel— it was more than an overnight bag, judging by the bulk of it. “I need a place to crash.” Hux raised an eyebrow. “You ran away?” Kylo didn’t meet his eye, just gave the bannister a sour look. They were seventeen, rich and Kylo came from what seemed like a very loving family. “From what?” “Are you going to let me stay?” “Not if I’m harbouring a criminal.” Hux narrowed Kylo’s exile to explanations that relied heavily on the blame being Kylo’s: he had killed a family member or had burned down their house being the most likely. “I didn’t do shit.” Kylo hoisted the bag back atop his shoulder from where it had slipped. Hux supposed he did owe Kylo a favour. Better it be called in now than held against him. “Fine. I’ll get someone to make you up a room.” As Hux reached the top of the stairs with Kylo, he met the eye of one of the evening staff, a young black man he’d seen take good care of cleaning. “You.” The man was at his side in a moment. “Make the bed in whichever room he wants.” The man nodded with an affirmative “Sir” before guiding Kylo down the hall to show him the choices. Hux went to bed. He would attempt to forget about this, as he assumed Kylo would want. They would meet briefly in the morning before Kylo went to the home of whichever friend was next on his list. Then he would be out of Hux’s life. A clean slate. - At about three in the morning, Hux was woken by the sound of a vase smashing to the floor in a way that suggested an active attempt at throwing it to the ground rather than an accidental brush. It didn’t take long before the sound of several heavy footsteps marched down the corridor: the security staff heading towards the usually empty side of the house now inhabited by Kylo. Hux sat in his bed, waiting with one hand on the radio for any update. No crackle for a while but the sound of raised voices down the hall; one noticeably younger than the rest telling Hux’s security to fuck off in colourful language. “Sir?” Hux pressed the speak button. “Yes?” “He’s… er… How would you like us to handle your guest?” Hux could hear Phasma in the background, obviously trying to negotiate as if she were in a hostage situation. Whoever this guard was, he was doing a magnificent job of assigning the blame of the situation on Hux by not using Kylo’s name. Hux was already out of bed, readjusting his clothes so he looked presentable. “I’m coming.” Kylo, it seemed, had forgotten to pack a pair of pyjamas. He was being held down by Hux’s security in a t-shirt and the same jeans he’d been wearing when he’d arrived. Hux was only able to tell Kylo had attempted to get into bed by the fact that the bed was mussed, the duvet thrown back when he’d jumped out of bed. Kylo was struggling against the restraints and looked like a mess. Agitated, angry and like he needed space. “Let him go.” The security dropped him and Kylo shoved himself away from them. “Leave, I’ll handle this.” The guards did not instantly go. “He’s violent, sir.” Hux directed a look at Kylo, who met his eye in a ‘fight me’ kind of way. “You going to attack me?” Kylo huffed. “I can handle him. Go.” The security left. Kylo picked himself up from the floor and brushed down his clothes as if he would have picked up dirt from the corridor. Kylo didn’t look at Hux, just shut the door behind him as he went back to bed, leaving Hux alone. “Yeah, you’re welcome,” he muttered, before going to bed for the third time that evening and hoping it would be the last. Kylo was not awake when Hux had breakfast at seven the next morning. Hux did not know what the etiquette was for getting runaways out of your house, but he supposed he would have to wait until the runaway was lucid before trying to hustle him on. He made a couple of precautionary searches into the state of the Organa household, but there didn’t seem to be any reported murders or attempted arson. What seemed most worrying about this state of affairs was that, judging by the photo trail left over the last couple of days, Kylo had only just left home, perhaps only last night, and his first stop had been Hux’s house. It made it quite hard to imagine Kylo had any other friend he might go to. If one’s first thought after running away from home is to crash at the house of a political rival who had once asked you to pretend to be his boyfriend for all of twenty minutes before insinuating hateful thoughts, one probably did not have a second or third port of call. Hux’s parents were currently abroad, but even from whichever foreign country they were being rich and smug in, he was sure the news of Kylo’s arrival at their house would reach them soon. He’d like to work out Kylo’s reasons for running away before the tabloids did so he could feed his own involvement in the story to the right people, but with Kylo still in bed and no leaks in the Organa system, all he could do was speculate, alone in his kitchen with a bowl of cereal and a coffee. - Kylo appeared far earlier than Hux had been expecting. Hux was still at the breakfast table at nine when Kylo apparently materialised before him, the scrape of the chair the only noise that notified Hux that he was not alone. After last night, Hux wasn’t sure he liked the prospect that Kylo could sneak up on him without a sound. “Sleep well?” Hux asked, garnering a grunt in response. Hux counted that as a win. “You need to tell your hitmen to keep away from me.” “My security was worried about your safety.” “Well tell them they can’t barge into my room like that.” “They thought you were being mugged,” Hux said, noting the fact that Kylo had already claimed the room as ‘his’, and that the insinuation was that it would be remaining that way. “So what’s the next part of your big great escape?” Hux asked. “You still planning to go to school or are you going to ‘skip town on the next train’?” The look Kylo gave at him confirmed Hux’s suspicions. “You can’t stay here.” “Why?” “Because you’re the son of Mayor Organa and my mother is going to be running against her in the next election cycle?” “What has she got to do with me?” Kylo said it in such a way that it was not quite a question. “She’s…” Hux avoided the obvious. “If you stay here, my parents will use you against the Organas.” “Not my problem.” Hux couldn’t even imagine himself in the same situation. He wouldn’t be able to reach the ability to be able to get himself into Kylo’s situation. “Why here? Is this a political thing?” Kylo looked like Hux had just spat at him. “No.” “Then what, why here?” “No-one will look for me here.” “If privacy is what you want, you won’t find it here. It’s only a matter of time before my parents send yours a nice courtesy call.” At Kylo’s blank look, Hux elaborated. “‘Hello Leia, it was nice seeing you at the lunch the other day, just to let you know your son has decided he’d rather live with us for the while, hope this doesn’t put a wedge between us, love the Huxes.’” Kylo thought for a second. “You owe me.” Hux could not deny him that. “I seem to remember you walking out of that and saying ‘don’t talk to me again’.” “Because you asked me to pretend like I was your booty call then talked shit at me.” “I did not,” Hux said, well aware that he sounded like he was twelve. “I said I did not want to have sex with you, to which you said you did not want to with me. But then you kept being… provocative.” “I was lying on your bed.” “ Provocative ,” Huz repeated. “What are you, twelve?” Hearing Kylo say it only made Hux more aware of how ridiculous this situation was. To have panicked about having this… teenager in his room was ridiculous, it should never have happened, A look crossed Kylo’s face, part concern, so Hux tried to control his own. “You don’t want sex with me or… like… fullstop?” Hux felt a high blush settle. This was not a conversation he was comfortable with having at quarter past nine on a tuesday in his kitchen. “Fullstop.” Kylo looked expectant but not judgemental. Hux decided he might as well ruin his life by telling someone like Kylo than by googling it. “The thought is abhorrent and I’m trying to work out whether I’m just so closeted and under my dad’s socialised homophobia that I can’t untangle thoughts of being gay with thoughts of disgust or if I have some sort of problem—” “Asexual.” Hux felt no sudden sense of realisation as he had when he’d discovered he did not like girls. Asexual meant nothing to him. “No.” Kylo shook out a bowl of Hux’s cereal into a bowl that had been drying by the sink, as if he had been invited to do so, and like this was a conversation one had over breakfast with a relative stranger slash antagonist of your family. “Do you want to have sex?” “What, now?” Kylo gave him a look. “No.” “Asexual.” “But what if—” “Do you want to now?” “No.” “Then you can figure out shit later.” “But it still… works…” “Not mutually exclusive.” “Easy for you to say.” Kylo scooped a dangerously heaped spoonful of cereal into his mouth, crunching his way through it like he’d never eaten before. Hux became conscious of how much he was relying on Kylo to inform him about his private life. Private life that did not involve Kylo. “My parents were telling me it was okay I was gay before I knew I was. Then they’d give me all these talks about safe sex, about STIs, about consent… so I thought maybe I wasn’t gay. But I wasn’t straight, either. Like you can’t be gay without kinky sex and inappropriate desires or whatever.” “But you’ve had…” ‘boyfriends’ seemed incredibly hard to say, but Kylo was watching him, expectant, definitely relishing the tact Hux was attempting. “A visible period of experimentation.” “You’ve done a lot of stalking, Brendol.” “Don’t call me that.” “Bren,” Kylo crooned. “Call me Bren and I’ll call you Ben.” Kylo’s eyebrows made a jagged v, confirming the rumours Hux had heard about Kylo’s hatred of his birth name. Well, Hux didn’t like his either, and maybe he would play along with Kylo’s petty fire-for-fire game. Maybe it was the only way he would learn. Either way, it seemed like the conversation was over. “Make yourself at home, Benjamin.” Hux wasn’t entirely sure whether the glass had been aimed at his head and Kylo had a spectacularly bad aim, or whether the smashed glass on the wall had meant to hit there. “You’re unstable,” Hux told Kylo before leaving. Hux should never have let him into the house. So Hux had a problem. He wanted to take Kylo’s advice. He wanted a label. He wanted to feel safe under the comforting idea that maybe he didn’t have to have sex to be gay. He didn’t want to have to think about this anymore. He wanted the revelation to be it. Over. Identity discovered. But Kylo was a teenager and seemed just as, if not more confused than Hux. He was a violent and unstable teenager and he was giving Hux sexuality advice that Hux was reluctant to take. At this current moment in time, Hux despised Kylo. Dispised his violence, his rashness, and how he made Hux want to talk to him about things he’d never so much as insinuated about himself to anyone before. He did not want this asshole to be the one to make him feel like maybe he was safe being who he was. - “Didn’t you break up with Benjamin, honey?” “Yes.” “So why’s he here?” Hux would like to have admitted that he had no fucking clue. “I suppose he respects your authority.” He doubted either of his parents would buy that, but they would still use it for their own purposes. Thus Kylo adopted himself in the Hux household. Hux thought he would treat this like a project. If Kylo was going to stay in Hux’s house, Hux would watch him. It was well known that local rich jerk Brendol Hux Jr. threw the best parties. Of course, Hux never attended his parties; he would spend quiet evenings with a bottle of Pinot Grigio and a good book. Sometimes he would glance at his bank of tv screens and watch Kylo. They didn’t talk much at home, or at school but for the occasional mandatory conversation about when and where one or the other would be, and neither attempted to bring up their ‘relationship’. Kylo was not as bad as Hux had initially thought he was. It was about two AM when he glanced at the screens and saw a figure in black on their dining room table, spinning dangerously fast with their hands to the sky. He hoped Kylo hadn’t fallen off of the table and smashed his skull on the mahogany serving tables that lined the dining room. - So then it happened. The party, university, Luke’s homecoming. Kylo was asexual, they had a cat, they made the cover of magazines on a monthly basis. The town had never had so much gossip as they did since they had officially ‘come out’; or, rather, had been out in public together and not had a public spat. Hux and Kylo held hands, they kissed, they were asexual. Hux thought about it a lot, probably more than he should, because that was their thing, was it not? That is was a mutual understanding of asexuality? But they’d had that conversation, once, before they’d even been friends. When he looked at Kylo, he certainly thought about it, society had taught him enough about what the thoughts he had might be, and had occasionally fantasised, but never desired. He supposed, as he allowed himself to pull closer to Kylo, that that was not some kind of deception. It was just what he felt. And that was fine with him, and it was fine with Kylo. It was okay. Notes: everyone's experiences of sexuality are different: this is not a reflection of my own experiences but i hope it has some elements of familiarity to anyone going through anything similar. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 4 of the Wine Mom Hux series