"No!" Ben screams as Hux falls. His vision narrows to his friend, his betrothed, twisting in agony, dying in slow motion. Hux has always served him to the fullest extent. Has sworn an oath to protect, even if it means dying in combat. And that's just what he's done. He's gone and gotten himself killed, broken a promise whispered infinitely at the ill hours of the night. All Ben sees is red. The red flash of a blaster, red hair tumbling to the ground, red hot rage boiling over and out of every seam. Ben throws his arms wide, a crucifixion of love, and shatters the battlefield. Enemies fall, allies rise, but all he cares about is Hux, asleep forever, his freshly crushed porcelain doll. -- "Don't go," Ben whispers as he presses into Hux. They're preparing for the battle of the century, the day the Resistance will finally meet the First Order, full power, head to head. It would be stupid to assume Hux won't be a prime target. He had defected almost a year ago. A petty officer may have been more excusable; the General, not so much. Ben had insisted they spend the whole night together, for it could be their last. Traditionally, they should be wed before engaging in such intimacy. Ben is royalty, is supposed to produce an heir, albeit a largely symbolic one. There will be no glorious kingdom to rule, just a jumbled mess of resistance planets, but someday they will need a ruler, and that ruler will need an heir. Informing his mother about his sexual preference for men had been difficult; he'd expected disappointment, maybe even disgust. He hadn't expected for her to welcome him with open arms and suggest he tell Luke that they finally had something in common. He never did confront his elusive uncle, but he did find an old photo album with a well-loved picture of Luke holding hands with some long lost pilot boy. Perhaps, had he not met the disgraced general, he would have slipped through the loophole of lavender marriage. There were plenty of women on the base who would be willing to marry a prince and sleep with another woman. As it stands, Ben chose Hux, defector and Starkiller, over any pretty lady who had ever graced his presence. They will never produce a child, in fact Hux is disgusted at the mere idea of fatherhood, so Ben will be the last in the line of Solo-Organa. Still, they share a bed. Sometimes Hux creeps in late, held up by his work, and presses warmly against Ben's back. Other times Ben will go for a midnight walk to clear his head, and, upon return, wrap himself around Hux. Tonight, though, Ben has Hux's legs around his waist, cock nestled deep inside his body. They clutch at backs and shoulders, kissing tenderly and moving slowly with each other. Every motion is a treasure, every shared breath a rarity. "Ben!" Hux gasps when his thrusts angle just so to send sparks flying through him. "You are my blessing and my love," Ben whispers, stroking a hand through fiery locks. "Come for me, beloved." A large hand reaches down to tug at Hux's cock. He moans quietly and jerks in Ben's grasp. The spasms cause him to clench down on Ben, whose hips stutter. He spills himself deep inside Hux. "Let nothing stand in your way," Hux murmurs as Ben gathers him up in a sleepy embrace. "For you are a god, my constellation, and you lead with the power of a supernova. Know that I would die for you, and should we fall, we will create a universe in our legacy." -- "Hux," Ben ventures, careful not to jolt him out of his working state. The last time he did that Hux had been at his throat with a dagger in a flash. It is best not to surprise an ex-General. "Yes?" Hux snaps, upset at being interrupted despite Ben's efforts. "Never mind." "No, Ben. You've already distracted me. Pray tell why." "I just... I had a question. I mean, technically I have two questions. But I only need to ask one now." "Well, get to it. As much as I love you, I haven't got all day." "If you're not too busy tonight, and I know you're not because I took the liberty of clearing your schedule, I'd like to have dinner. Just the two of us. It's been so long since we spent a night together." "You... cleared my schedule?" "Yeah..." "Presumptuous brat. I had important meetings today." "Am I not more entertaining than a room full of diplomats?" "It's not a matter of entertainment, it's a matter of strong political moves. It's not a wonder your mother never appointed you Senator." "I never wanted to be Senator. You lead such a drab life." "No, I lead a professional life." Ben waves his hand dismissively. "Semantics. Your schedule is already clear. You may as well accept my invitation." "I suppose so. I would be delighted to join you for dinner tonight. Where at?" "Just come to my quarters at 17:00. I have our evening planned." "Very well. Now excuse me, darling. I still have work to finish." Ben nods and sweeps off with a flourish, cloak billowing out behind him. It takes all of Hux's willpower to return to his work and not clear his afternoon schedule as well. Later that night, Hux stands in front of Ben's door at 17:00 sharp. Punctuality is an attribute he prides himself on. He raps his knuckles smartly against the door. "Enter," Ben calls from the depths of his quarters. Hux rolls his eyes at the dramatics and steps across the threshold. Much to his surprise, Ben's quarters aren't in their usual state of disarray. Everything is shelved neatly and every surface shines. "What's the occasion?" Hux inquires as he strolls into the living area. He catches a glimpse of the dining area, set with Ben's finest utensils, and smells something cooking. Ben appears, flustered and still in his sleepwear, holding a spatula and a pan. "You're on time," he ever so helpfully observes rather than answering Hux's question. "You should have expected nothing less from me." "Right. Well, give me a moment to get dressed then." "Don't bother. You look stunning with a bed head." "Was that sarcasm?" "Yes. But don't get dressed on my account. You'll just end up taking it off in an hour or so." "I appreciate your bluntness. Would you like a drink?" Ben is already holding out the drink, whiskey by the looks of it, and he practically glows when Hux readily accepts it. "You know me so well, your Highness." "The pleasure is all mine. I'm aware that none know you the way I do. Please, sit. I've prepared our meal." There's no hiding how much Hux loves Ben's cooking. Has loved it ever since he arrived as a defector. Ben is all for humane treatment of prisoners, Starkillers or not, and had personally brought Hux a homemade dish fixed to his vegetarian preference. Hux had been instantly charmed by the contrast between the hulking figure and crooked, boyish face that was Ben Solo-Organa; Ben had likewise been taken to the shock of flaming hair, out of place on the cool demeanor of ex-General Hux. How far they've come since then. Ben had fought tooth and nail to divert Hux's fate from the death penalty. While he had long given up on the ways of the Jedi, he still held their principle that defenseless enemies were not to be slaughtered. Hux had defected voluntarily, driven away by some horror he refused to speak of. Ben only had to graze his mind to find sincere regret and disgust at an order he'd once served proudly. He had no army at his back. At Ben's urging, Leia herself had searched through Hux's mind. Much to her surprise, Hux let her in without a fight. Whatever she saw drove her to believe him and cut him a deal. He was to work as Senator, thus allowing her to solely focus on being the General of the Resistance, but he had to act under strict orders coming directly from her. Of course he accepted; he wanted to see the First Order fall, perhaps even more desperately than anyone in the Resistance. And now here they sit, alone save for the stars. "One day those stars will belong to us," Ben says. "I thought we discussed the mind reading." "I merely brushed against your foremost thoughts." "It's the principle of the thing." "I enjoy your enjoyment." "Well, I would enjoy if you stayed away from my mind." "As you wish." Hux returns his attention to the stars, not noticing when Ben stands and moves next to him. "Hux," he whispers, as if someone else might hear them. "I have that second question for you." "Yes?" Hux turns, prepared to glare at this infuriating idiot whom he nevertheless loves. He is not prepared to see said idiot giving him an adoring look from his place on the floor on one knee. Dwarfed by the large fingers holding it sits a black ring engraved with gold details. "Brendol Hux II. There are not enough words in the galaxy, in the universe, to encompass my love for you. For every star you gaze upon, I gaze upon you with an intensity and admiration tenfold. I look at you not to conquer, but to win, to earn, for I am not worthy of all you offer me. I used to hate you. Hate you for breaking apart the planets, for wearing my mother thin. I will be ever glad that I overcame that hatred. I am now the fortunate man who can say that I sleep beside you every night, and I will cherish that forever. If you would be so kind, so giving, I would be delighted if you will have my hand. Hux. Hux, my starlight, my flower, my beautiful, my everything. Will you marry me?" Hux stares, dumbfounded, at the beast who kneels before him. Thoughts of joy, surprise, acceptance, love race through his mind. He can tell from the anxious look on Ben's face that he's purposefully not reading his mind. A smile tugs at the corner of Hux's lips, and he settles a hand gently on Ben's cheek. "Benjamin, my sweet prince. Remove that ridiculous worry from your brow. My answer always has been and always will be, eternally and never fading, yes ." A smile explodes across Ben's face, all teeth and shining eyes. He chokes back a sob, a happy one, and wraps his arms around Hux. He stays kneeling as he presses his face against Hux's abdomen, breathing in the scent of freshly washed clothes and Hux's bland cologne that he kept from the First Order, and he knows he is safe. Hux loosens the tie holding Ben's hair back so he can stroke a hand through the dark locks that tumble across his shoulders. Ben can feel Hux's heartbeat, sure and steady as its owner, and the storm inside him calms. Hux presses a kiss to the top of his head. "You're gorgeous like this," Hux lazily drawls. "Your head is a cyclone, my dear prince, and I see the hurricane is bowing down." -- "Keep your filthy hands off me!" Hux struggles against the bruising grip of the resistance fighter. His uniform is in tatters, his hair in disarray, and all of it a result of his own actions. "Oh, am I hurting you General ?" "That's ex-General to you. I defected of my own volition. You have no right to manhandle me." "Actually I do, Starkiller. You are to be charged with war crimes and the mass murder of 5 planetary populations." "No, he is not." The grip on Hux immediately slackens. The fighter takes exactly two steps back before turning and fleeing. Before Hux stands a tall boy with black hair and a scowl. "General Hux. It's a pleasure to meet you. I'm Ben Solo-Organa, son and second in command to General Leia Organa. Come with me. We have much to talk about." Ben doesn't wait for Hux as he turns and trundles off. Hux sniffs at the indignity of it all and grudgingly follows him. It's not like he has any other choice. It quickly becomes obvious that Ben is taking Hux to an interrogation chamber. Why, Hux doesn't know, but he steels himself for harsh questioning and maybe a beating. He doesn't expect Ben to pull the chair out for Hux like a gentleman before sitting across from him, and he certainly doesn't expect to be left unshackled. "Don't be so surprised, General. I sense no ill intent from you, so I leave you relatively free. Do not presume to attack me or anyone else, though. I could crush you with your own mind." "I see the Resistance favors mysticism." "No. Just me." "You must feel so special." "I am special. There are three force sensitives on this base. General Organa, Rey, and myself. Only one is a prince." "You call yourself a prince?" "I am a prince. Before she was General, Leia Organa was Princess Leia Organa. Her planet is long destroyed, but the title remains. I am the heir to whatever throne she leaves me." "So you will be handed nothing." "Perhaps. But that is not my concern now. Currently, you are my biggest concern and liability." "Liability?" "Yes. I want to keep you. I know you have important intelligence on the First Order, and I think you will make a fine tactician. But you are still regarded as dangerous. Every action you take is on my head." "And if I refuse?" "Then you will be sentenced to death. I stand against capital punishment, but I can do nothing if you refuse this offer. There is a whole galaxy who wants you obliterated. I cannot protect you unless they see you can benefit us." "Can't you... what was it you said earlier? Crush them with their minds?" Ben's expression darkens, and he draws back. "I do not condone violence against the innocent or defenseless. I once had visions of myself in a future time wearing black robes and a mask. I had killed a hundred children and slain my entire family. I took measure to ensure that never came to pass. I am offering my protection to you because you are now defenseless. You are not a prisoner of war. You defected from an organization that you know kills deserters given the chance. Join the Resistance, and you will have my and my mother's mercy." "You truly believe I am not here to betray you?" "I do. My mother will search your mind too. She doesn't trust me with the evaluation you." "You must not be a good son." "No. I just have a weakness for pretty men." Ben stands and levels his gaze with Hux. Satisfied with the stunned expression upon his features, Ben sweeps out of the room. A minute later General Organa steps in. "My son tells me you are sincere," she begins with no preamble. "Allow me to see for myself." "My defenses are down General. But do be careful with my childhood. I liked that nanny droid." Leia scrutinizes him for a moment before letting her eyes glaze over. Hux expects it to hurt, to be able to feel her rifling through his mind. A chill seeps through his bones when he finds no way to identify an intruder. He's heard stories of people going mad from mind invasions. He had long assumed it was because of some unbearable pain, but now. Now he knows they went mad because they were never able to tell when they were truly alone in their thoughts. They went mad from nothing. Leia does not linger long enough to drive Hux mad. She stays for exactly one minute, Hux counts, and when she leaves, she leaves like she's been burned. "Snoke," she states. "Yes." "He was going to kill you." "Torture, more like. Perhaps he would have kept me for fun." "He took control of your top officers." "They were going to riot." "Phasma?" "Dead." "You left." "She was my only friend." "Alright." "You trust me?" "Almost. But Ben does. Loathe as I am to admit it, he's usually right." "Thank you." "Not quite. Thank Ben." "I'd rather not. He doesn't need an ego boost." "You are correct in that." Leia raps on the door, and a guard opens it. "Release him." She leaves as swiftly as she came. Hux is released with a tracker implanted under his skin and is ordered to have weekly mind checks. To make everyone feel more secure, Ben is charged with monitoring him. At first, both men find the arrangement irksome. Ben doesn't like having someone with him at all times. Fixing ships is his speciality, what he's comfortable with; he is a notorious loner. Hux, on the other hand, wants, no, needs conversations. A lifetime of diplomacy and commanding makes it hard to be around Ben's silence everyday. The only small comfort he has is Poe Dameron - a skilled pilot, one of Ben's closest friends, and easily the best entertainment on the base. Although Hux finds his knowledge of politics limited, Dameron is a fantastic strategist, and his quick wit and biting sarcasm match Hux's beautifully; an easy friendship forms. After months of Dameron making fun of both of them, Hux and Ben agree to at least try to be friendly toward each other. "You should attempt to be friends," Dameron says. "You're stuck together for the foreseeable future." True to character, Hux makes the first attempt. "Ben." "What?" "We're stuck together." "Looks that way." "We should get to know each other." "What's there to know? You were a General, you like politics, you're a sharpshooter, you defected. I'm a prince, I hate politics, I'm force sensitive, I protected you." "Surely there's more to us than that." "Like what?" "I like men." "Congrats. I like men and women." "See? We just learned something new about each other. Was that so hard?" "Yes." "No, it wasn't." "No. It wasn't." "Poe is a lot of fun." "You talk to Poe?" "Yes. Are you jealous?" "I had an affair with him." "So you're jealous." "Not of you." "I don't follow." "Poe is no longer my type." "Am I your type?" "Unfortunately." "How unbecoming. The prince falling for the Starkiller." "I have not fallen for anyone, especially not you." "Then why are you jealous?" "I'm not." "You intrigue me." "You infuriate me." "How so?" "Love doesn't discriminate between the sinners and the saints." "What does that mean?" "Do you know what engine oil tastes like?" "What does that have to do with this?" "It doesn't. But do you know?" "Is that a threat?" "No." Ben darts his hand forward and grabs Hux's wrist. Hux goes easily and lets himself be pressed against Ben. He takes in the firm muscles under his fingers, the dark eyes that could obliterate a thousand suns, the scattering of moles that rival a star system. He takes it all in during the second before Ben bends down to press their lips together. It doesn't surprise Hux. Nothing ever does. "Do you know what engine oil tastes like now?" "No, your Majesty. You might have to kiss me more." "Then you must be love." This time, Hux lets his eyes slide shut at the first of touch of Ben's lips. They're soft, almost as if they've never been touched by anything but a summer rain. A situation that is not unimaginable; Ben Solo-Organa has his head ever in the clouds. With his ships and lofty powers, he is tethered to a tornado and fed by a dream. Hux falls from Ben's cloud, and he falls hard.