Hux calls the horse Red Glory, and speaks about her like one speaks of gold. It seems pretentious, almost comical, the way he pronounces Red Glory without a hint of irony. His southern drawl turns the vowels into valleys, drawing out the sound. Kylo Ren thinks Hux is merely posturing until he sees the beast himself. She is more warhorse than pack animal, a July twister in a red-haired body. Mitaka leads her out of the stables already in full tack, along with Ren’s own black stallion, who follows a pace or two behind. Ulysses looks thin and underfed beside the mare. And small-boned Mitaka, walking between them, seems light enough for an errant breeze to blow away. Knowing Hux, Ren estimates the price of Red Glory’s equipment somewhere between inconceivable and obscene . The man spares no expense, from boots and saddles to cigarettes. As she approaches he sees his guess is good. Her saddle is something out of a dream. The leather is hardly worn – hardly used – wholly wasted on Hux, who stands beside him, not even looking. His eyes have instead found the silver thread of the horizon, and he is staring, lips parted, to the east. A wind there has whipped dust into the sky, a yellow-gold cloud where the rising sun meets sand. Here, however, the air is still. Heavy, even. And it is hot, though Hux had them all up before dawn, waking Mitaka with the clatter of boot heels on the staircase and Ren with a cold wet towel thrown on his face. Now, the sun still hugs the horizon, and it is swelteringly hot. Ren plucks at his sleeves, wishing for cool Montana mornings and the ghost of mist over grey-green hills. It will come as no surprise if, by the time this trip was through, he has even sweated clean through his leather boots. Beside him, his companion seems unbothered by the heat. The black hat Hux wears cast a long shadow over his face and neck. A high-collared shirt protects what little skin that doesn’t cover, and over the shirt, Hux has both a tie and waistcoat, as well as black leather gloves. His skin is pale. Translucent, even, on the insides of his thighs and his throat when his head tips back to bare it. The only evidence Ren has found that Hux and the Texas sun are acquainted are the freckles on his face: a band of star-like marks, as though someone had taken the Milky Way and laid it out over his pale cheeks. Something about Hux’s neatness makes Ren acutely aware of his own sticky skin. One bead of sweat in particular is gathering behind his ear. It tickles. Worse, it reminds him that Hux had found the same spot the night before and traced a curving line down Ren’s throat, replacing his gloved fingers with his tongue at the dip of his collarbones. Either he hadn’t noticed the sweat-salt taste or he hadn’t cared. He had only hummed against Ren’s skin and worked his way down, and down, and down. Straightening where he stands, he glances at Hux. The movement makes the bead of sweat quiver and slip down his collar, quick like a fingertip slid down his skin, and he shivers despite the heat. That draws Hux’s attention to him at last. One pale eyebrow arches up: a question. “It’s nothing,” Ren says, and folds his arms. Stopping before them with the horses in tow, Mitaka tosses his head back, shaking his hair from his face. Sleep still weighs heavy on his eyelids. “Here he is, sir,” he tells Ren, and hands Ulysses over. To Hux, he says nothing. Instead, he hooks Red Glory’s reins around her saddle horn and sinks down into the dust, head bowed, hands cupped on one raised knee. His long plaited hair slips over one shoulder, swinging slightly. It is the only part of him that moves. Ulysses snorts and flicks his tail, ridding himself of a fly. He shifts his weight, leaning up against Ren affectionately, but his master’s eyes are fixed on Hux, who is raising one black-gloved hand to Mitaka’s shoulder, clasping it, leaning against him. Mitaka closes his eyes. Then Hux plants his foot on the upturned hand, using it as a stepping stool, and swings himself onto Red Glory’s back in one smooth motion. Ren swallows, hard. “Well,” Hux says, looking east. “Are you coming?” Too quickly, Ren turns to his own saddle. “Yes.” He unbuckles a strap, tightens it, pats Ulysses’ side. Out of the corner of his eye, he can see Mitaka, still kneeling, rubbing dirt off his palms. “Certain you’re prepared for the ride, Hux? No need to slip off and powder your nose before we go?” Hux snorts. Pushing himself up from the ground, Mitaka glances between them. His eyes linger a little on Ren. For a moment, Ren thinks the man is about to drop to one knee before him, too, but he only swallows, touches his forehead in a salute, and darts off to the shade the stables provide. Gritting his teeth, Ren hooks a boot in his stirrup. He swings himself unaided into Ulysses’ saddle, keenly aware that Hux is watching, posture perfect, from atop Red Glory. He gets settled in with a grunt. Beneath him, his stallion rocks between his hooves, adjusting to the weight, and shakes his mane. “Eat less and he might like carrying you more,” Hux suggests. “Eat more and you might grow strong enough to mount less like an Irish princess.” Pursing his lips, Hux leans back in his saddle, checking over the bags strapped to Red Glory’s sides. “Oh,” he says. “How clever.” His voice is flat. Glancing up at Ren, one hand dipped into a saddlebag, he asks, “Are you ready?” In answer, Ren nudges Ulysses’ sides and sets off on the road towards town. He goes at an easy walk. A good gallop would place a satisfying distance – and more satisfying cloud of dust – between him and Hux, but it would be no use against a horse like Red Glory. She would only close the gap with ease that would put his horse to shame. Instead, he leans back in his saddle. He passes the gate that marks the edge of the Hux estate and turns eastwards, towards the town a few minutes’ ride down the road, and lets his eyes drift towards the settlement. Morning is come upon Starfall, Texas. The roofs and walls are lined with gold. A small town, wrapped like a ribbon around one dusty road, it still seems to him too clean, too orderly for the frontier. For Texas, especially. Ren has decided that the hotter a place, the closer to hell it must be, and the inhabitants tent to act accordingly. He’d expected outright devils when Snoke first told him his work would take him further south than Utah. Bu Ren’s first impression of Starfall, dismounting beside the mail wagon he and Ulysses had followed, was that he wanted to take the place and shake it, to break a well-polished window or two. His feelings have not changed. In the morning light, the town seems something out of a painting: brown and black against a Texas sky that stretches on forever. Nothing stirs. No one has left their homes. Ren clenches and unclenches a fist. At dawn, Starfall, Texas is the kind of place where ghosts could walk and feel at home. He glances over his shoulder at the Hux estate as he nears the first set of buildings, a greengrocer’s and saloon. Red Glory stands outside the house, a smear of red no longer topped by a black-clad rider. Tightening Ulysses’ reins, Ren slows. Out of the door of the estate comes Hux, moving quickly, trailing a smaller figure. Mitaka, Ren guesses, by the way he hovers. Hux carries something in one arm. Ulysses comes to a halt at Ren’s suggestion. He watches, narrowing his eyes against the sun, as Hux goes to Red Glory’s side. A pause follows; words he cannot hear are exchanged between the two. Then Mitaka is fumbling to close the door and to drop a knee before Hux again. Ren purses his lips and turns back towards town. He nudges Ulysses into motion as the urge to break something returns. The saloon doors, he finds as he passes, have been propped open. A little light filters into its main room, illuminating the well-kept stools, the painted countertop of the bar. Craning his neck, fingers curled around his saddle horn, Ren squints and tries to see the place where he put a knife through the wood counter. It was his first night in town. “Don’t cause trouble,” the bartender had told him. She wore cropped hair and trousers, and had just caught Ren staring with an open mouth. “Not if you aim to get along here.” “Why not?” he asked. “He won’t tolerate it,” she said, and frowned. “The law’s real powerful here. He likes his town kept quiet.” “Ah,” said Ren. “Who is he?” The bartender raked her eyes over him, from his steel-toed boots to his tied-back curls. “You’re like to meet him at this rate,” she told him. Then, with a shrug: “Start all the fights you like. ‘T will be on your head. Just don’t touch my countertop.” She ran a fond finger along the design. “Ah,” said Ren again, and put a knife through a painted cherub just to see. The following commotion brought a red-headed man down the stairs, a hand of cards fanned out against his thigh to hide them. Almost instantly, the fighting stopped. Every man and almost every woman there fell still, eyes raised to the man upon the stairs. Only the bartender, who had Ren by the collar, seemed unbothered. She got in one more swing before she let him go. “Captain,” the man said, reproachful. Ren dropped hard onto a table’s edge, slipped, and found himself on the floor. The bartender nudged him with a boot. “He damaged my counter,” she protested. A stranger helpfully indicated the knife stuck into the bar. “Well.” The man’s eyes flicked to Ren. “Then that is understandable.” Though his head was spinning and his jaw throbbed, Ren could make out the man’s well-combed red hair, the neatness of his shirt, the black gloves he wore. He opened his mouth, then closed it, raising a hand to his forehead and squeezing his eyes shut. When he opened them again, the man was standing above him, one foot on either side of Ren’s outstretched leg. He did not deign to bend to Ren’s level. His eyes were narrowed, blue-green like a frozen lake. “What is your name?” “What’s yours?” The man shifted his weight, placing the toe of his boot on Ren’s shin. “You’re in no position to make that demand.” Ren squinted at him. Raising an eyebrow, the man pressed down on the shin beneath his boot. “Ren,” came the answer, choked. “Kylo Ren.” The boot was lifted. “Kylo Ren. Hm.” Sucking in a sharp breath, Ren dragged his leg in, folding it beneath him. The man tilted his head, raising an eyebrow. “Snoke’s dog, then.” With one hand, he tapped his cards against his thigh. With the other, he gestured to the bartender. “A round on Hux,” she shouted, and the noise that ceased when the red-haired man stepped off the stairs began again. Attention slipped away from Ren and Hux in favor of the alcohol being poured. For a moment, Hux watched approvingly. His eyes then fell to Ren. “Get on your feet,” he said, lip curling. “Come outside.” Ren obeyed. He does not know why. It had been easier, perhaps, not to pick another fight. Hux is willowy beneath his layered clothes, no match for Ren’s sheer strength, but some near-dead sense of preservation must have warned him that to turn a hand against a man this powerful in Starfall would be to turn a hand against all its inhabitants. Then, too, Snoke had assigned him to protect a Dr. A. B. Hux who lived in this town, and to protect the blueprints for his invention. As he walked out of the saloon, he had expected to discover that Dr. Hux was this man’s father, some eccentric engineer with wild hair and eyes and a foreign accent. Ren was not known for his manners, but even he realized it would be a poor start to a working relationship to find himself in fisticuffs with this man’s son. He was disabused of that notion the moment he voiced it, however: the red-haired man paused in pulling a cigarette case from his pocket and looked at Ren as though he’d spoken in tongues. “I am Dr. Hux,” he said. He had a Texas drawl and a military neatness to his words. “My father is many things, but a scientist is not one.” Ren ran his eyes over this elegant creature, all angles and bones, and tried to replace the mad old man he had envisioned during the jolting, sleepless hours he had spent following the mail wagon with what he saw now. He failed. But he did succeed in waking loathing, which began to raise its snakelike head between his lower ribs. A week has not improved his opinion of the man. He had thought that something good might have been born of the sweat and hot breaths of the night before, but when Red Glory finally catches up to him just past the Starfall jail, Hux does not even look his way. “What kept you?” Ren asks, refusing to lift his chin to make up for the few inches Hux had on him while on his mare. “I had to powder my nose.” “I should have known.” Silence falls between them. Looking ahead, Ren follows Hux’s eyes to the far east horizon, squinting against the sun. The dust there that has risen into the air still colors the sky, an earthbound cloud. Hux clears his throat. “Mitaka,” he says, “forgot the canteens. If you paid any attention, you would have noticed. We’d have ridden off without water.” His hand drifts to the side of his saddle where three canteens hang, full enough to make no noise as they swing with every step. “I don’t have the need,” Ren says, raising a shoulder in a shrug. “You did it for me.” Hux makes a quiet noise of disgust. Nudging Red Glory into a trot, he turns the reins, leading her to a path between two stores. Ren follows, scowling, urging Ulysses on until he’s nose to nose with the high-stepping mare. The town is now behind them. “Are we not going east?” he asks. “This is shorter.” “How much shorter?” Raising a hand, Hux tips his black hat back. “Enough to count.” With Starfall behind them, grey-green chaparral stretches out before them, uninterrupted. In the east, the sun lingers on the horizon for a long moment before slipping free, rising like a gold coin into the sky. Every inch adds a degree to the stifling heat. Ren tugs at his collar. Ulysses settled into an easy lope a few paces behind Red Glory some time ago – before the sun parted with the horizon – and needs no further direction. If Hux swings his mare left to dodge an uneven patch of land, all torn up by dirt-dwelling creatures, Ren’s stallion follows without pause. He was not trained as a trail horse, but he takes to following Red Glory as well as any mount bred to walk nose-to-tail down dusty frontier roads. They pass in silence over small hills and, now and then, under the grasping branches of the occasional stand of trees. All the while, Hux hardly looks at Ren. That stings more than the scratching of twigs and sharp-edged leaves as they duck through twisted branches. The trees are rare enough, too, that Ren is largely alone with his thoughts. Nothing and no one interrupts him. He does not say aloud how that fact chafes at him, how it drags like sandpaper across his mind to know Hux doesn’t care. Perhaps he has been too much alone. Before Texas, Ren spent a month in Utah, scouting men for Snoke’s newest scheme. The steel business was a vicious one, he had learned, and he never questioned the profile of the men his employer sent him to seek out. Rangers, bandits, or civilians, it made no difference. Snoke wanted them found. Ren found them. It cost him long lonely nights and a wound or two each time, but he found them. This time proved no different. Before Utah, he spent two weeks on a manhunt and a night washing that man’s blood from a cabin floor; before that, he had played guard and shepherd to a group of traveling investors who wanted to see proof of Snoke’s growing steel empire themselves before sinking their money into a brand and name. And now he is here, with Hux, doing what he can to put the memory of Hux’s red stubble against his thighs out of his mind. Until last night, he had not been able to remember having better company than himself and Ulysses’ occasional unsettling stare. It is natural, then, he tells himself, that he be so swayed by the magnetism of the red-haired man beside him. If Hux is similarly troubled, he shows no sign of it. He hums under his breath once, for the duration of a song Ren does not know, but no other noise escapes him. The steady muted sound of hooves on earth seems enough for him. They ride like that for what feels like forever and no time at all until at last, at the top of a small hill, Hux brings Red Glory to a halt. “The mines are a ways off in that direction.” He gestures in the same direction as the sandstorm from earlier, though by now that dust has settled, leaving the sky clear like water. Ren’s eyes drift to the sun. “How far is ‘a ways’?” “Several hours still.” Pausing, he does mental calculations of the placement of the sun, the length of days, the time his battered pocket-watch had given him as he sat last night in the room provided him, bare-chested, watching the sunset paint Hux’s body in shades of rose and gold. “We’ll need a place to stay,” he says at last. “We won’t be back before night.” “If the inspection of the mines takes less than an hour,” Hux says, nudging Red Glory into motion, “we can be in Starfall shortly after sundown.” Ren bites his lower lip and follows. Their purpose at the mines, he suspects – though he does not say it – will require more than an hour. Word had come to them last evening from a sweat-soaked man with a child’s face. Ren had had trouble placing his age as the man followed Mitaka into the Hux estate, dusty boots leaving a trail as he dragged himself to the dining room where Ren and Hux were taking their evening meal. “Thanisson,” Mitaka said, gesturing to the sweating man with his chin instead of his hands, which he was wringing. “Sir, he just arrived—” Hux rose from the table, his food untouched. The tale Thanisson told was full of names Ren did not know. The plot, by contrast, was not hard to follow: there were protestors, and rifles; the quick close thunder of firing guns; wagons turned over; an entrance to the mines blocked up with stones. Union workers were the culprits, he gathered. Organized union men, too, with a vengeance. For the first time, Snoke’s injunction to protect the Texas assets made sense. Thanisson left them only after Mitaka, with a cleared throat, interrupted the tale and interrogation that followed. Hux is a scientific man with a scientific mind; he made as much clear that day, demanding data, facts, numbers. At his place, Ren prodded his food and wondered if he could disappear, and if he could, if he would be missed. Hux had not said a word to him all meal. When the red-headed engineer sat once more, he was wearing a flush like a veil over the better part of his face, and he drove his knife so deep and sudden into his meat it clicked against his plate below. “Bad news?” Ren asked, conversational. Hux sank his teeth into a piece of beef, knuckles white on the knife. “As bad as that?” “Mm.” Setting his utensils down, Hux scowled, chewed, swallowed, the first substantial bite Ren had seen him take. He usually skirted the edge of daintiness when it came to manners. “Worse.” His fingers lingered on the knife. Ren stared, unable to look away. “Worse?” he asked, somewhat dumbly. “Yes.” The pad of one pale finger slid up the flat of the knife. “We ride out tomorrow to do a damage report. We leave before dawn; you’ll want to be well-rested.” He dragged his eyes over the dark-haired man across the table, and Ren felt abruptly as though he were being hunted for a particularly fine fur pelt. “Well-rested,” he said, and swallowed. “That would be – advantageous.” When they collided, trains on a collision course, Hux hardly left him time to sleep. And now they’re miles apart as they ride side by side, approaching the mines at last. Ren tries not to want to bridge the canyon between them, and he tries to care when Hux guides Red Glory around a shattered wagon wheel and curses the union men beneath his breath. All he manages instead is: “They were thorough.” Hux gives him a withering look. Far in front of them, they can just see the line where the land drops off into nothing. It is a shallow mine, as they go: three low cliffs and a sloping path down to what was once the entrance to the cool dark tunnels beneath the earth. A few large, misshapen boulders block that entrance now. On the far side of the site stand an assortment of buildings. Residences for the miners, Ren judges, given their size and build. Evidence of the altercation that sent Thanisson to Hux’s table is scattered everywhere. The blocked entrance is just the start of it. A wagon to which the shattered wheel belongs is in a similar state of disarray, and while the residences suffered no damage that Ren can see, carts here and there have been upturned. Hux leads Red Glory up to the edge of one low cliff, and Ren stops Ulysses beside her. There are bullet casings by his stallion's feet. "Animals," Hux says. His voice is acid. "They were very controlled," Ren says. "The rioters." "Riots come from within, Ren." Tightening his grip on the reins, Hux leans forward, staring out over the silent mines. "These are outsiders. Former workers, some of them, but mostly they are unionized vigilante do-goods who believe I am the devil's spawn." "Well. You do have red hair." Hux curls his lip and turns away. Ren watches him for a moment before nudging Ulysses into motion. "You never told me what you're building for Snoke," he calls. The first time he had asked, Hux looked over him appraisingly, then laughed. The second time, Hux asked him why he cared. He is like that with questions: quick to mock, quicker to dodge. Especially when it comes to the invention he spends late nights poring over, sketching, making plans, blueprints, lists of things left to do. Someone taught him to hide the things he loves, and taught him well. He does not respond now, either, except to spur Red Glory into a quicker pace, leading her down the sloped earth and towards the entrance to the mine. There he dismounts, slipping out of his saddle precisely as daintily as he swung himself into it before. "I'm not helping you back into that," Ren says as he joins him on the earth beside what was the open, empty eye of the mine. After so long in the saddle, solid ground feels strange, unwelcome. Ren always preferred to ride, even as a child. On his uncle's farm – on Ben's uncle's farm – there had been a horse named Falcon, old as hills but quick on her feet, dapple-grey and stubborn. Uncle Chewie had put Ben on Falcon, his first horse, and taught him how to ride. He'd fallen in love straightaway with the wind in his hair, the rise and fall of a beast's lungs beneath his calves, the way all he had to do was tap his heels and jump a fence and he'd be free. Hux tugs a hand free from his glove and runs it over a boulder blocking the entrance to the mine. His hand comes away red with dust. "'I God," he mutters. "This is massive. How did they--" He turns, scanning the ground nearby. There is nothing there but stones and scrap metal, from what Ren can see. "What are you looking for?" "A lever." "A lever?" A little sharp gesture from Hux informs him that he doesn't expect Ren to understand, and in turn, Ren should expect no explanation. He doesn't. He leans against Ulysses instead and scans the cliffs above them. The sun suggests they have spent the better part of the day upon the trail, though to Ren it feels more like a lifetime, and also, oddly, no time at all. The chaparral is a place, like seashores at twilight or dawn over a stretch of flat Montana ground frosted with untouched snow, where time has no hold. Entering the mining site broke that spell, however. The sun has at last caught up with where it should be in the sky. It has begun to sink towards the horizon, and from his vantage point below ground level, it seems to Ren that the sun hangs just above the residences, casting them into stark relief, black on gold, still except for the quick shiver of a shadow passing between the homes. Ren stares at the residences, narrowing his eyes. "What is it?" Hux asks, looking up from the stones. His lip is curled, and his hand by his side, the ungloved hand, is balled hard into a fist. Instincts kick in as the shadow makes another move. Reaching for his gun, Ren says, softly, "Don't talk." If he had remembered just what Hux thought of being given orders like that, he might have chosen different words – admitted to what he saw, perhaps, or played it off entirely. As it is, instead of quieting, Hux raises his voice. "Do not quiet me, Kylo R--" Reaching out with a growl, Ren puts a hand over the engineer's mouth. Immediately, Hux slaps it away – then stops his hand midair, following Ren's eyes towards the jagged rooftops of the homes. "Christ," he hisses. "Of course." They and their horses are upwind of the residences, or else Ulysses, at least, would have been spooked by the arrival of strangers on the scene. Red Glory is a mystery. But as Hux and Ren stare up towards the residences, first one and then the other horse raises their head, staring, to see. "Friends of yours?" Ren asks, not bothering to hope or to wait for an answer. He checks his gun, readying it. "Get back on your horse." "As long as you--" The first gunshot echoes through the mining site. Hux pales. He grabs his saddle horn and hauls himself up, toe lodged into the stirrup. Beside him, Ren cocks his gun, using his opposite wrist as a base on which to steady his aim. "They're quick to shoot, aren't they?" he says, noting the way Hux struggles to get his other leg swung over Red Glory's ribs. "What did you do to make them hate you?" "Invented a steel driver," Hux grunts, and drops himself into his saddle, "that would replace every last one of those damned unionized railway workers." A second figure comes darting out of a home, approaching the ledge above. "That would make me bitter," Ren mutters, "but not murderous." "I had one of their leaders' homes burnt down." "What?" "It sent a message." "Christ, Hux. What message---" Shaking his head, Ren raises his free hand, using his wrist to steady his right hand and his gun before he fires, twice, in quick succession. "You need to leave." "Not without you." Each of Ren's bullets is returned from above, one of which strikes dangerously close to Red Glory's feet. Her ears drop back and she whinnies, backing up. "Hux!" Ren waves an arm back towards Starfall. "Go!" Gritting his teeth, the red-head turns Red Glory up the sloping land and back towards ground level. Spooked by the gunshots, she is slow to move, shaking her head, blowing air hard through her nose. "Move!" Ren calls to him, and another shot rings out from where the rebels stand, their guns and faces pointed towards the engineer. Hux digs his heels into Red Glory’s sides and she takes off across the chaparral, a blood-red streak across the earth. Wheeling Ulysses around, Ren follows at a full gallop, twisted in his saddle to watch the mines and the men haunting them disappear. No one pursues. One lone figure, a black smudge against the sky, climbs atop a stone to watch them go. He rights himself in his seat when the figure has become too small to see. “Hux,” he calls, looking instead to his companion, “is this the way to Starfall?” No response from Hux. Red Glory still runs, outpacing Ulysses. Ren can only see the back of Hux’s tipped-down head, his lurching body, the clutch of pale fingers around his hip where a dark mark like a wet maple leaf spreads in two places on his shirt: in front and behind. The bullet must have cut clean through. Cursing, Ren spurs Ulysses, urging him on faster to overtake the racing mare. The stallion snorts and bucks his head but does his best, bringing himself nearly nose-to-nose with Red Glory. Ren tugs the reins, guiding him closer to the wild-eyed horse. Then, leaning precariously out of his saddle, he grabs for the reins the unconscious Hux has clutched in one swinging hand. He seizes air, leans further out, seizes it again, repeats every curse he’s learned. Ulysses nearly stumbles over a stone and begins to fall back. Ren tries one more time to catch the reins of Red Glory, then drags himself back into his saddle empty-handed, focusing instead on keeping the mare close and in sight. The day’s ride had the horses jaded before they even arrived at the mines, and mercifully, Red Glory begins to flag before long. She slows to a lope, then a trot, then a walk. Then, snorting, tossing her mane, she stops. Hux lifts his head. Ren reins in Ulysses alongside her, kicking his feet out of the stirrups and swinging himself to face Hux before he has even come to a halt. “Let me see,” he says, slipping out of the saddle. Hux puts up no resistance as Kylo peers at one hip, finds it uninjured, then darts around Red Glory to locate the wound on his other side. “It went clean through,” Hux tells Ren as he cranes his neck, touching careful fingers to his stomach beside the wound. “I felt it.” “Small mercies,” Ren mutters. “We need to return to Starfall.” “You won’t make it.” “Do not underestimate me.” “It’s not a question of faith,” Ren tells him. “It’s a question of fact.” Making a face at his saddle horn, Hux works his jaw, turning this thought over in his mind. “We’ll return to Starfall tomorrow,” he says at last. “Agreed. Tomorrow.” Both men raise their eyes, surveying the horizon. “Was there,” Ren asks, eyeing the featureless chaparral, “somewhere you were planning on staying?” “The miners’ residences,” Hux says, and sighs. “Any other places?” “No.” “We’ll make camp, then.” Ignoring the way Hux’s lip curls, Ren pulls himself back up into Ulysses’ saddle and nudges the horse ahead without a word. This time, Hux is the one who follows. After perhaps an hour, Ren calls them to a halt. He leads him to a large boulder that juts out of the earth, providing some small cover, other stones of various sizes scattered around its base. He slips from his saddle, anchors Red Glory’s and Ulysses’ reins with stones, then returns to Hux. He raises his hands up, his open arms an invitation. “I can dismount,” Hux snaps. Ren lets him. The moment Hux is on his feet, however, Ren catches him up, taking care not to touch the wound. It is testament to the red-head’s exhaustion, Ren thinks, that he hardly protests as he’s swung into another man’s arms. Hux just sucks in his breath and holds it, fighting back the pain. Frowning, Ren sets him down in the lee of the rock, on the largest and flattest of the scattered stones. “Don’t move,” he says, though Hux makes no attempt to do so. He simply sits, head tipped towards the Texas sky, face twisted in barely-hidden pain. His hand, curled around his wound, shakes with all the sound his pride will not allow him to make. Ren pauses to admire. Blood loss suits him. He is paler now, the freckles along the bridge of his nose standing out in stark relief, stars stitched into his skin by some careful hand. The blood was hardly visible against his coat, but his dusty blue vest and the collared shirt beneath are dark with it all down his side. Ren’s eyes drift to Hux’s hips and his trousers. They would be wet, too, with blood, were he to reach out and touch them. He has the sudden urge to do so, to cover his hands with the warm dark insides of this man and to kiss air into his laboring lungs. “Enjoying the view?” Ren shakes his head to clear it. Hux is looking up at him, eyes half-open, a corner of his mouth twisted upwards; how long they have each been staring, Ren does not know. “Hardly,” he says, stiffly. “I was – making plans.” “If we’re going by your plans,” Hux says, “you may as well not treat the wound. Either it will be the death of me, or you will.” He closes his eyes. “Statistically, it’s more likely to be you.” Making a face at the ground, Ren stalks over to the horses, ensuring he makes as much noise as possible as he rustles through his saddle bags. “Your accent is thicker now,” he says unkindly. The coldness of it hides the ache inside him, too much like a wound itself. “Is it?” “Yes. All lazy and long.” Hux lets out a slow, uneven breath, and starts working himself out of his waistcoat. “Need I remind you that you have an accent as well? A Yankee one at that.” He winces audibly as he shrugs the coat off one shoulder. “How did Snoke’s California golden boy come to talk like a New York socialite?” Ren grabs a bound ball of shirt scraps cut into bandages, a curved needle, and thread. Tucking it all beneath one arm, he frowns, flipping the saddlebag shut. “It’s unimportant.” He tries to remember when he told Hux he was from California and fails. “It’s exceedingly important. Else you wouldn’t have bothered with even the flimsy lie you fed me.” Pointing the needle at him, Ren says, “I’ll sew your mouth shut along with the rest of you.” “You won’t.” “I will.” He waves the needle for emphasis. “You’re sickly and injured. I’ll do whatever I want.” “You won’t. My mouth,” says Hux primly, “is much too talented for you to ruin it.” He folds his vest neatly before setting it on the stone beside him. He looks sickeningly smug. A flush creeps over Ren’s cheeks. Hating it, and Hux, and himself, he makes his way back to the injured man and kneels beside him. A shake of his wrist undoes the roll of bandages; they fall in ribbons against the dusty stone. Hux shies back as best he can. “What are you doing?” Looking up, Ren frowns. “Treating your wound,” he says. “With that needle? And strips of some filthy shirt?” “Would you prefer strips of your filthy waistcoat instead?” “’I God,” Hux swears. “Who taught you medicine?” Ren draws his hands back, straightening. “No one,” he says. “Of course.” “I’ve done it this way for years. It’s never gone wrong.” “Statistical anomaly.” The dying light catches in Hux’s hair and in his lashes as he tips his head, lifting his eyes to the first smattering of evening stars as though asking for respite from the wound and his companion both. Something hard and sharp crystallizes in Ren’s stomach at that. He sets the needle and bandages both down. Shoving himself up, he grabs his knife from the ground, fingers digging long valleys into the earth. As he straightens, knife in hand, he takes dust with him; it trickles between his fingers as he stalks away. Texas is no wasteland – not here. Ren rode through barren wastes dotted with cacti like hands raised to the sky on his way from California. He rode along the edge of a canyon, through ghost towns that look in the evening’s welcoming chill like Starfall does at dawn. Here, there is more green. The chaparral provides enough dry brush that Ren has not walked fifty feet before he finds a few good shrubs for kindling and tinder. Sinking onto one knee, he hacks at the base of them, not waiting for his knife to make it through the wood before he wrenches the shrubs free. He has a pile of them before he’s through. He grabs each by the base and goes back, swinging them as he walks. Back at camp, he tosses one to Hux, dropping the others by the stone where he sits. “Lend me a hand,” he says, gesturing to them with his knife. Hux holds the leafless bush in both hands, staring at it. “Break me off bits of it. No,” he says when Hux snaps off a finger-sized piece of a branch, “bigger than that.” He watches for a moment to ensure he understands, then stalks off again. He comes back this time with a long sturdy branch, broken off the first stunted tree he found, perhaps thrice the distance from the camp as the bushes had been. Tossing it down, he fetches a tinderbox from Ulysses’ bags as well as two canteens and the cooking pot he carries tied to his saddle. Then Ren joins Hux where he is sitting and crouches down, thumbing his tinderbox open. The steady snapping of branches that had provided a background to these requisitions stops. Hux leans forward, as much as his wound will allow. “Won’t a fire attract attention?” Ren thins his lips. “You asked me to clean the supplies.” Grudging, Hux leans back again. “I suppose.” His eyes fall to the cooking pot and narrow, as though trying to ascertain its sterility – or at the least, how much cooking grease might be inside it from its last use. “It’s clean, too.” Shoving the pot closer to the engineer, Ren makes a disgusted noise. “See for yourself.” He narrows his own eyes at his tinderbox, pulls out supplies, then takes a handful from the kindling pile Hux created in front of his folded legs. Out of the corner of his eye, he can see Hux set down the bush, lift the pot’s lid, slide a long pale finger along its inside. Ren forces his attention back to the fire. There is a pause, but no protest. The steady snapping of branches begins again. A flame comes to life slowly beneath Ren’s careful ministrations. Once it burns steadily enough to require no further tending, he feeds it twice from the pile of fuel, pulls out his knife, and grabs the sturdy branch he cut. Hux watches him carve a notch into its thinner end. Overhead, the sky begins to flush with red: an early October sunset. Ren shoves the uncarved end of the stick into the ground. The tip of it hovers over the flame. “That won’t hold,” Hux says, when Ren grabs the cooking pot and makes to slip its handle onto the notch. Ren glares. He sets the pot’s handle into the groove. The stick holds its place, the pot swaying slightly, its base an inch above the flame. Hux sniffs, setting the last bush aside. “I am an engineer,” he says. “It won’t hold as soon as you put water into it. A weight applied to one end of a—” “Yes,” Ren snaps. “Well.” He casts about the campsite. Grabbing one of the larger rocks scattered near where Hux is sitting, he shoves it in front of the stick; grabbing a smaller one, he drops it behind it, trapping the wood tightly between the two. Then he takes one of the canteens, uncaps it, lifts the pot’s lid, and starts pouring. The stick holds. “Statistical anomaly?” Ren asks. “No. Dumb luck." While the water boils and the sun sinks towards the far western horizon, Ren finishes setting up camp for the night. He grabs his bedroll and shakes it out beside Hux. “Here,” he says. “I don’t need it.” The red-head lifts his chin. His cheeks have grown too pale. “I can sleep on the ground.” Ren decides he will let Hux have his pride, or whatever it is that compels him to shove the help aside. Instead, he goes to the horses, who cannot answer him with cutting remarks that should fall on thicker skin than they do. He rids them of their burdens before the fading light leaves him fumbling to make out straps and buckles in the dark. As he works, Red Glory strains her neck down to graze on the bladelike grass of the chaparral, and Ulysses watches him with dark soft eyes that catch all the light of the evening sky, mirroring it back again. “You filled it too much,” Hux says. “It’ll boil over.” “So it’s boiling.” “It is.” Returning to the fire, Ren plucks the bandages and needle from where he laid them, dusts them off, and drops them, one by one, into the pot. He lets them boil for a minute before he hooks his fingers beneath the pot’s handle and lifts it off the branch. Hux pushes himself back a few inches, using his hands to raise himself from the stone, to make room for the pot before him. Then they sit in silence, letting the water cool. It’s still hot when Ren dips his fingers in the first time, so he sits back on his heels and frowns at the stars above him. “Why did you kiss me last night?” he asks, to pass the time. Hux makes a noise like a laugh half-strangled by a sigh. When Ren tests the water again, he finds he can dip an entire finger in without wincing. Fishing out the bandages one by one, he lays them along the stick over the fire to dry, then plunges his hand back in to pick out the threaded needle. He stabs it through one bandage and leaves it hanging. Moving to Hux, he coaxes the man to lean backwards, bracing himself on his elbows, then works Hux’s shirt up around his ribs. “This will hurt,” he says, and grabs the pot. The sound that escapes Hux as the water runs over the wound and through it makes Ren grit his teeth hard enough it hurts. Across the camp, Red Glory raises her head to stare. “Sorry,” Ren says, helpless. He reaches out and rubs at some of the blood caked around the wound. It comes away reluctantly, and Hux’s eyelashes flutter and fall shut. The rock beneath him is black where the water wet it. It’s streaked with scarlet streams of blood, a mirror of the late sunset sky above them. Once the wound is washed and most of the water spent, Ren takes the needle from where it hangs and kneels beside his patient. Hux’s chest jumps, a shaky, sucked-in breath just audible from behind his hand on his own mouth. “Shh,” Ren says, softer than he wants to, and turns Hux onto his side. “I’ll be but a moment.” Pinching the torn skin together, he works the curved needle through it. Hux’s stomach trembles beneath his hands. Ren can hear him breathing, can hear him sucking in air between his teeth in quick, unsteady gasps. He works quicker for it, first on one side, then the other. When he pulls back, the firelight catches on his bloody hands. Ren wipes them off too quickly on his thighs, scraping his skin hard against the denim, rubbing away the feeling of having lost something essential, a second skin, one he had just learned he had. Hux watches him with wide eyes. His face is aged, noble, lined like some Greek king’s from the effort of holding back the pain. Ren washes his hands off with the remaining hot water for good measure. Taking the makeshift bandages, then, he returns to Hux’s side. He wraps the wound tightly and ignores, for Hux’s sake, the stifled gasps he draws from him. When that, too, is done, he pulls Hux’s bunched shirt over the bandages. Hux’s breathing is too quick. A shiver passes through him, and it occurs to Ren that Hux could not fight him now. Whatever he wants, he can do, or say; for once, he has the upper hand. Before he over-thinks this rare opportunity, before Hux has a moment to catch on and object, Ren drops to the ground beside Hux, stretches out facing him, and wraps a careful arm over the red-head’s upper chest. Tension spreads through Hux immediately. “What are you doing?” “Preserving warmth.” Ren tucks his face against Hux’s collar. Pressed this close, he can feel each unsteady rise of the redhead’s chest and each short, decisive exhale. “Basic survival skill. You’ve lost blood and require additional heat.” His hand lays splayed across the ladder of Hux’s ribs. A few inches higher, and he could feel his heartbeat. “What good are your books,” he adds, lips brushing the soft fabric of Hux’s shirt, “if they didn’t include something so essential as this?” Hux says, “Mm,” and rests a hand on Ren’s waist. He relaxes, little by little, as though doing so required a great effort. “I think you want to have sex.” “Another survival skill. Not the one I had in mind, but if you’re offering—” “Recently-suffered bodily trauma does not put me in the mood.” “I don’t believe you.” “Well. Not when the trauma is mine.” A laugh, sharp and singular, escapes Hux – followed instantly by a hiss and a curse as pain knifes through his wound. “Damn that man,” he mutters when he has his breath back. Ren does not respond, except to inch his fingers closer to Hux’s heart. Fabric rustles as Hux shifts, lifting his head to look at him. “Oh. Are you worried?” “No.” Scowling, Ren curls his treacherous fingers against the redhead’s chest. “Yes. But only that someone else will be the death of you before I am.” He exhales, short and sharp, then pushes himself off Hux entirely. He rolls onto his other side instead, back to the other man. The fire crackles, dimming for a moment. “Shouldn’t we take watches?” Hux says, to fill the quiet opening between them like a patch of starless sky. “To ensure we aren’t taken unawares in the night.” “I sleep alone on the trail often enough,” Ren says. “I’ve had little trouble.” Hux makes a noise that says more about what he thinks of this than even his sharpest words. With effort and a muttered curse, he pushes himself up until he’s seated again. Ren hears the shift of leather and fabric followed by the clicks of a revolver’s cylinder. Rolling over to face Hux again, he finds a gun resting on Hux’s knee, the front sight nearly level with Ren’s eyes. “It’s not me you’re planning to shoot with that, I hope,” he says. Obligingly, Hux moves the gun to the other knee, facing it away from Ren this time. “Did you pull that out of your boot?” “My belt, as it happens.” Rubbing at his face, Ren nods, still staring at the gun. “How’s your aim?” The redhead snorts. “Exceptional.” “A moving target’s not the same as a hay bale.” “I have had,” Hux says, “practice. I can defend myself, and have.” “Ever killed someone?” Hux thins his lips. “Could you?” “I’ll keep first watch,” Hux says, in the tone of voice that means he is prepared to argue and determined to win. “Fine.” Ren shifts, trying to find a better position on his bedroll, fighting down concern. “If you’d like to deprive yourself, I won’t intervene.” Finding his own rest proves hard enough. He stares for a long time at the backs of his own eyelids, following the floating red-blue impressions the fire had left on his retinas. Then he stares for a long time at the dirt just below his nose. Then, after a lifetime, he finds himself drifting, swept one way or another by the pleasant swell and flow of his thoughts, on the edge of sleep. There, on that dreamy shore, he finds Hux again – or, at least, the memory of him, his hands on Ren’s wrists, the press of his lips on skin. Ren blinks, bleary-eyed, at Hux beside him. “Do you believe in prophets?” he finds himself asking thickly, thinking of the way Hux had kissed him like he knew how close he would come to death today. “Sleep,” is the only response. “Or you can take first watch.” Shifting on his bedroll, Ren reaches out and closes a hand over Hux’s knee. He watches from beneath sleep-heavy eyelids as the redhead looks down at him, all the stars of the Texas sky spread out behind him. “Sleep,” Hux says again, more softly. Ren closes his eyes. The sounds of the chaparral cocoon him: the faint scratching of a lizard beneath a sharp-branched bush, the shifting of the horses where they are tied to the tall red stone, the pop and snap of flame as Hux feeds the campfire a handful of dry tinder. Among all the noises, Hux’s breathing can barely be heard, but the warm of his leg through his trousers is proof enough that he is still there, that he is alive. Something slick and faintly wet is on Ren’s palm, he finds, shifting his hand: blood that soaked the front of Hux’s pants before the wound was bound. He lets out a long dry breath he had not known he was holding. He curls his fingers over his palm and lets the chaparral whisper him to sleep.