Introduction Welcome to Choose Your Own Smut (Male Edition). This story is going to be modeled like a choose your own adventure book, but instead of adventure, you'll find smut. Lots of smut. I will also be taking some ideas, so comment. In this one, you're a man, so a lot of M/F action. Enjoy. If you like Doctor Who, turn to chapter 2. If you like Marvel Comics, turn to chapter 3. (In Progress) If you like DC Comics, turn to chapter 4. (In Progress) If you like Harry Potter, turn to chapter 5. (In Progress) If you like Star Wars, turn to chapter 6. (In Progress) Chapter 2 "About time you showed up! Something's wrong with the time stream!" The Doctor says, fiddling with the console of the TARDIS. "I need you to go find my companion. She's probably in the bedroom or something. Please hurry! Everything may be at stake!" You rush into the hall and quickly find the bedroom. You open the door and inside you find the Doctor's companion. If you find Amy Pond, turn to 7. (Explicit) (Threesome, F/M/M) If you find Clara Oswin Oswald, turn to 8. (Explicit) (Roleplay) If you find Rose Tyler, turn to 9. (Explicit) (In Progress) Chapter 3 "About time you showed up! Somethings wrong, I need you to go find someone to evacuate New York before things get out of hand and people get hurt." Nick Fury yells at you through your SHEILD phone. "Quickly, people's lives are at stake!" If you go to Stark Tower, turn to chapter 10. (Explicit) If you go to find Spider-Man, turn to chapter 11. (Explicit) If you go to the Baxter Building, turn to chapter 12. (Explicit) If you go to X-Mansion, turn to chapter 13. (Explicit) If you go to Hells Kitchen, turn to chapter 14. (Explicit) If you go to the Secret SHIELD bunker, turn to chapter 15. (Explicit) Chapter 4 "About time you showed up! Someone just broke out of Arkham, but the guards have no idea how, they just appeared outside of their cell." Batman grumbles to you though your bat-phone as you sit on a gargoyle above Arkham. "Capture them while I review the camera recordings to try and figure out what happened." You swoop down from your perch and enter the creepy asylum. As you enter the cell block, you see who escaped. If it is Harley Quinn, turn to chapter 16. (Explicit) If it is Poison Ivy, turn to chapter 17. (Explicit) If it is Catwoman, turn to chapter 18. (Explicit) Chapter 5 "About time you showed up! Something strange is happening around us, can you feel it?" Dumbledore says, "I need you to go investigate, I feel like it is coming from one of the common rooms and I need you to go investigate." You turn to go investigate the houses, which one will you go to? Griffindor, turn to chapter 19. (Explicit) Slytherin, turn to chapter 20. (Explicit) Hufflepuff, turn to chapter 21. (Explicit) Ravenclaw, turn to chapter 22. (Explicit) The Dark Woods, turn to chapter 23. (Explicit) Chapter 6 "About time you showed up!" C-3PO panics. "Luke is missing and we need him! He went to a planet, but we don't know which one! Ghost Ben keeps rambling along about 'the force is in imbalance' and blah blah blah. I don't even know how I can see him. Please find Master Luke!" Search Jakku, turn to chapter 24. (Explicit) Search Coruscant, turn to chapter 25. (Explicit) Search Hoth, turn to chapter 26. (Explicit) Search Ryloth, turn to chapter 27. (Explicit) Chapter 7 You look into the bedroom and see Amy, but you also see Rory, and they are going at it. Like animals. You take a moment to observe the scene, acknowledging the your growing erection, when Amy sees you. "Shit Rory, we're not alone." "Doctor! Oh, um we were... You're not the Doctor. Who are you?" "Does it matter? He's hot. Would you like to join us?" "Of course!" You say. "Then get naked. Let me see that dick." Amy commands while playing with her tits. You take off your clothes and approach the redhead. "Do you want the front or the back?" Amy asks. You notice her eyes on your cock. "I'll try the back, if it's okay with Rory." "Sure, just don't cum in her. Last time she got pregnant...well...it's a long story." Rory laughs. "You know what else is long? Your dick, that I want, that I need, in my ass right now." Amy commands, turning so her ass is facing you. You waste no time and plug yourself into the redhead, earning a gasp as your head pushes into the redheads fat ass. You begin thrusting in and out of her hole as Amy begins to blow her husband. "Ohh yeah, it's so big. I love it. Ahh." Amy moans. "But I want it faster!" You obey the horny redhead and increase your pace. Your balls slapping against Amy, penetrating her farther and faster than before. You feel the Amy's inner walls begins to tense, warning of the orgasm the redhead is about to have. "I'M GONNA CUM!!" Amy shouts, her hips seizing as her juices coat your member. "I'm getting close." You say, pulling out of Amy. "Amy, finish us off!" Rory begs. You and Rory both stand in front of Amy as she grabs both of your cocks and begins to jerk them. With the added lubricant of saliva on Rory's and her own juices on yours, Amy's hand effortlessly glide up and down the lengths of your members. "Oh yeah babe, just like that. Here it comes!" Rory moans. "Same here!" You moan as both you and Rory cum. You watch as Amy's beautiful face is covered in white liquid. "The Doctor wanted you two to go to the console room." You say. "Well, we better not keep him waiting any longer." Rory says, putting his pants back on. ------------------------------------------ Once the three of you are back in the control room, the Doctor begins to ramble. "Everything is wrong! Worlds are colliding! Nothing is sacred! Bloody Hell!" "What can we do?" You ask the timelord. "Nothing, we just wait until something happens. To be continued! Chapter 8 You walk in and see Clara Oswald. She is standing by a dresser with a towel wrapped around her, looking for clothes. A strange urge comes over you. You sneak behind Clara and snake your hands around her, grabbing her perky little boobs and kissing her neck. "Ah, I see. Give me a moment." Clara says, taking your hands off and moving towards the bed. She pulls a chest out from under the bed and opens it, revealing a teachers outfit, glasses and all. "You've been a bad boy, haven't you." Clara said, finally dressed in her slutty teacher outfit, her wonderful B size boobs showing through the thin fabric. She looked at you through her glasses. "I'm going to make sure you learn your lesson so you never end up in detention again." "Yes, Clara." You say. Clara slaps you. "You will call me Miss Oswald, and no talking in detention! Now take off your uniform." You shed your clothes and sit on the bed. "Here's the deal. You stay out of detention, I'll reward you. For example, if you go one week without a detention, I'll give you a nice little dance." Clara begins to dance in front of you, moving in a way that makes her boobs bounce and highlights her ass. She moves toward you and sits on your lap. She gropes herself slowly, making exaggerated faces of pleasure. Then, she takes your head and shoves it into her bust. "Go two weeks and I'll jerk your cock." Clara them demonstrates by taking your erect cock in her small hands and gliding them up and down your shaft, causing it to stand taller then it ever has. "You're dick is so long and hard." You nod, desperately hoping that she will increase her pace, and she does. Clara increases the pace of her hands, your precum making a delightful squish sound. She begins rubbing your balls as she continues to jerk you off, sending ecstasy throughout your body. "Oh yeah bitch! Don't stop!" You moan, causing her to let go and slap you. "What did I say about talking!" She says. Clara then squeezes her boobs together, causing them to appear larger than they really were. "If you go three weeks, I'll blow you. BUT, since you broke the no talking rule, I won't demonstrate that one. Go four weeks and you can have any hole you'd like." Clara lays down, eager to have her kitty filled with your cock. Clara takes off her skirt, revealing her pretty kitty and lack of underwear. She spreads herself apart, welcoming your manhood. "You feel so good. How do I feel? Am I as tight as you thought?" Clara says, trying to get you to talk. You nod your head in approval as you thrust yourself in and out of your teachers tight kitty. "Good boy. You passed. Your reward? You get to cum, but not yet. You must wait for me to count down. Got it? Good. 10." You don't know if you can make it that long, but you're a little scared to disobey Clara. "9." You look into Clara's brown eyes and see that she is watching you intently, waiting to see when you'll crack. "8." Clara is so hot. You admire her perky tits as they bounce and her cleanly shaven taint. "7." Clara's countdown seems to be lasting ages. "5. You may now talk." Considering how Clara skipped six, you infer that she is also getting close. "4." "3." "Yes, Miss Oswald, keep going!" "2. Say may name. My real name. 1. Cum." You pull out and yell her name. "CLARA!" You yell as you come, your cum splattering on the brunettes glasses. With the added motivation, Clara fingers herself to finish. "Shit yes!" Clara yells, coming as well. When's he is done squirting her juices, Clara looks at you. "Did you learn your lesson?" She asks "I'm never going to get a detention again." "Good boy." "The Doctor wants you to meet him in the console room." "Ok. Let's go. ------------------------------------------ Once the two of you are back in the control room, the Doctor begins to ramble. "Everything is wrong! Worlds are colliding! Nothing is sacred! Bloody Hell!" "What can we do?" You ask the timelord. "Nothing, we just wait until something happens. To be continued! Chapter 9 You walk into the bedroom and see Rose Tyler laying in the bed. You think she's taking a nap, but on closer inspection, see that she is indeed very active. "Oh yeah Doctor. Right there." She mutters. You approach Rose, careful not to attract her attention as she fingers herself. You sit in a chair near the bed and take off your trousers. Rose looks so peaceful as she pleasures herself. You begin to stroke your cock, imagining Rose in control. "Keep going Rose." You moan, alerting the blonde to your presence. "Holy shit! How long have you been...there...are you having a wank?" Rose asks. "Maybe I was, just a little." You admit. "Well, I wasn't finished..." "Neither was I." You pounce on Rose, pinning her to the bed. "I've been looking forward to this moment since the moment I met you." You say to the horny blonde. "Less talking, more kissing." Rose shuts you up by capturing your lips in a kiss. As you begin to rub Rose's clit, she snakes her tongue into your mouth. Feeling her broken gasps and tongue in your mouth makes you so erect, you hardly notice that Rose has started to stroke your cock. "Mmm, you're so long and hard. I wonder how you taste." She rolls you over and sits on your face. She then bends over and gets to work on the your cock. You can taste the juices secreting from Rose and wonder if you can make her wetter. "Mmph mmph!" Rose murmurs. You have no idea what she said due to the fact that your dick is deep inside her mouth, causing gurgling sounds to come from the back of her throat. "Oh yeah babe! Just like that! I'm going to come! You're gonna make me come!" Rose yells. You smacks her bubbly ass, causing her to break and she coats your face with her juices. Feeling the wonderful pressure building inside your cock, you tell her to get ready. Rose continues to blow you, seeing how much of your dick she can fit down her throat, until you shoot your warm, sticky liquid deep into her mouth. Needless to say, she swallowed every drop. Once both you and Rose settle down, you remind her of why you gave her a visit. "The Doctor wanted us in the console room." "Fine." Rose grumbles, "I guess we should clean up." ------------------------------------------ Once the two of you are back in the control room, the Doctor begins to ramble. "Everything is wrong! Worlds are colliding! Nothing is sacred! Bloody Hell!" "What can we do?" You ask the timelord. "Nothing, we just wait until something happens. To be continued! Chapter 10 You report straight to Stark Tower to ask the Avengers for help. "Mr. Stark? Is anyone here?" You yell, looking for any sign of the super hero team. "Hello. I am Jarvis. How may I assist you?" Stark's AI asks, its voice coming from no discernible location. "Hi, I'm looking for the Avengers, are they here?" "The only Avenger here is Ms. Romanov. Ms. Potts is also present. Shall I lead you to their location?" "Yes please." You follow Jarvis into a meeting room. You see Pepper Potts working behind a desk and Natasha Romanov lounging on a couch reading a magazine. "I'm sorry, but Director Fury assigned me with gathering the Avengers. Do you know where they are?" "They're a little busy. In space." Natasha says without even looking up from her magazine. "Do you know when they'll return?" "Nope." "Oh, I see..." You say. You're about to leave the room when Pepper speaks. "They should be back relatively soon, unless they stop for Shawarma. You can stay here until they return of you'd like." "Thank you. That's very kind of you." You sit down in a chair across from where the Black Widow relaxes. "So, what are you into?" Pepper asks. You don't know why, but you can't stop yourself from blurting out. "Sex." Instantly, every alarm goes off in your head. You see the look of shock on Pepper's face. Even Natasha looks at you. "What a coincidence," Natasha says, putting her magazine down. As she stands up, you notice how exposed her DD cup boobs are in her tight leather jumpsuit. "I was just talking to Pepper about how horny I am. Have you ever been with a redhead?" "Have you ever been with two?" Pepper says, standing up from her desk. To your amazement, when Pepper stands up, you see she wasn't wearing a skirt and was actually completely exposed waist down. "What? You can't expect a girl to just sit still all day." Pepper says, acknowledging your stares. By now, Natasha has taken position and unzips your SHIELD pants at the crotch and pulls out your member. "Mmm yeah." You groan as Natasha starts to stroke your cock. You barely notice Pepper taking a dildo from her desk due to the attention Natasha is giving to your dick. Natasha spits on her hand and begins stroking faster. Meanwhile, Pepper has attached the dildo to a strap on and inserts herself into Natasha. "Ready for round two?" "Oh yes!" Natasha yells in ecstasy as Pepper begins thrusting in and out of Natasha. Natasha releases her grasp on your dick, only so she can wrap her lips around it. You can feel her tongue against your head, but you want more. You grab the back of the redhead's head and push it down onto your cock, so deep that you hear a choking sound from the redhead's throat. For a moment, you look up to see Pepper thrusting into Natasha, her B cups bouncing with the momentum, her face in a lustful state, focusing on her prosthetic member entering the super spy and the way her ass jiggled with every thrust. "Keep going Natasha! Don't stop!" You moan, hand groping her tits. "Gck kck Gck." Natasha gags, her hand rubbing your balls. "Mhmm Gck kck MHMM!" Natasha screams as she creams on Pepper's strap on. The the look of pure ecstasy on the spies' face sets you off as well. As the pleasure of release flows through your body, you shoot your stuff deep into Natasha's throat. You look up and see Natasha sucking her cream off of Pepper's fake member, and you remember how much you love your job. ------------------------------------------------------- After everyone has cleaned up, Director Fury calls back. "I hope you've found someone who can help. Mr. Stark, Banner, Richards and Fitz have done some research and whatever is happening, it has to do with time, so start evacuating the city or else people are going to get hurt. Fury out." "Well then, guess play times over. Time to get to work." Chapter 11 You go to the house of Peter Parker, aka Spider-Man. After the Civil War when Peter revealed his identity, SHIELD placed his house and all of his loved ones in one large house so it could be protected. As you enter, you notice some strange marks on the walls, as if something with claws had been here. "Hello? Is anyone here?" You call out, searching the house. "In here!" A voice calls out. You enter a bedroom and see a blonde girl tied to a bed, but not in a kinky way, a restraining way. "What the hell is this?" You ask shocked. A redhead looks at you. She's wearing tight blue jeans and a t-shirt with Spider-Man in a heart, but the neck was so low, you could see a lot. You caught yourself staring when the redhead speaks. "My name is Mary Jane Watson, are you with SHIELD?" "Yes, I'm looking for Peter. Do you know where he is?" "No, sorry." "If I may ask, why is she tied up?" "I work at Oscorp. You remember how the radioactive spider gave Peter his powers? Well, I got bit by a radioactive rabbit." The blonde says, strained. "I'm afraid I don't follow." You ask confused. "She's super horny." "Oh dear." "We're hoping it will pass. Hopefully." "So..." "I think this is a little cruel. I think we should let her go, let her have her fun. What do you think Gwen?" A voice comes from somewhere. Suddenly, a white haired woman in a black leather jumpsuit pops up from under the bed and cuts the rope holding Gwen with claws. Gwen gets up, looks around, and pulls a dildo from under a pillow. Looking at Mary Jane, she commands, "Get busy, or I'll bite you." Gwen threatens, holding the dildo to the redhead. "Fine." Mary Jane snatches the dildo and puts it in Gwen's snatch. "Good bitch. Just like that." Gwen purrs. "This is all good and fun, but I think my little friend can add a little something." Black Cat says as she pulls a vial out of a hidden pocket. The vial is filled with a pink ooze. "They call it Ecstasy, and it's not the drug. It's a new Symbiote they found. I may have pinched it." She says with a wink. "Don't! Symbiote are uncontrollable, it will consume you." Mary Jane warns, still thrusting into Gwen. "Eh, who cares." Felicia says as she opens the vial. Immediately, it jumps out of the vial and lands on not Felicia, but Mary Jane. "No!" She screams as the ooze spreads across her chest, entering her mouth, but leaving the rest of the face alone. You swear her eyes turn pink. "Thank you for freeing me and giving me such a sexy host. I do love redheads, but I think her chest can be bigger, don't you?" The thing speaks in a terrible voice mixed with Mary Jane's as the redhead's bust expands. The Symbiote has spread across the redhead, cutting off at the thighs and shoulders so it looked like she was wearing a living pink swimsuit. "Now I'll get to work, are you three ready?" Ecstasy/Mary Jane says as multiple tentacles sprout from her back. "Oh Fu-" Felicia is about to say when a tentacle shoots into her mouth. More tentacle punch through her leather jump suit and penetrates the cat burglar. "You're a special one, now aren't you." Ecstasy says, looking right at you. "You don't have the same holes as the others. It's a good thing I can adapt." It says as Some tentacles wrap around your limbs, lifting you into the air. Two tentacle tear through your SHIELD pants and pull out your cock. As the tentacles examine your cock, Gwen realizes that the dildo deep inside her hasn't moved. Sitting up, the blonde observes the scene before her. She sees the pink tentacles thrusting in and out of Felicia's holes, juices dripping from her taint. She sees the look of pleasure and pain on her face. "I didn't say that you could stop, so get going!" Gwen commands, pulling the dildo out of her and handing it to Ecstasy. "Oh, my poor little bunny, I can do so much better than that." Ecstasy purrs as she knocks the dildo out of the blondes hand. More tentacles sprout and rush towards Gwen's opening, already wet and open. They are about to enter her, when ecstasy looks back at you. Moving you towards Gwen with her tentacles, ecstasy commands you to put your dick inside the desperate holes of the horny blonde. "Oh yes!" Gwen screams as a you thrust deep inside her. "Yes! Oh God YES!" "Agh!!" Ecstasy yells, as if in pain. This reaction reminds you of what you learned at the academy, Symbiotes are weakened by sound, and orgasms are loud. "Oh... Oh yeah," you moan, crescendoing your shouts of pleasure. "Hell Yeah! I love it! Gwen, you're so tight." Ecstasy is obviously affected by the moans of you and Gwen. You just hope Felicia can take the hint. She does. "Oh yes Mary, please don't stop!" She yells, tentacles rapidly thrusting in both of her holes. "I'm..." "...gonna..." "...CUM!!!" The three of you yell. As Gwen and Felicia spray their juices, you pull out of Gwen's tight snatch and cum on the blondes lean body. As everyone cums, the Symbiote falls off of Mary Jane. "Hell yeah!" Felicia says, "That was some smart thinking." "Now, to solve that bunny problem." You say, turning to Gwen. "About that...um...Mary, I was lying about the whole bunny thing, I just needed someone to, you know... I wasn't expecting it to get so out of hand." Mary Jane looks at the blonde. "I know. I've had fantasies of tying you down and...stuff." "So, there's no real problem here?" You ask, confused. "No, not anymore." You're about to freak out when Director Fury calls back. "I hope you've found someone who can help. Mr. Stark, Banner, Richards and Fitz have done some research and whatever is happening, it has to do with time, so start evacuating the city or else people are going to get hurt. Fury out." "Well then, contact me when Peter gets back." Chapter 12 You go straight to the Baxter building to find the Fantastic Four. After a couple of poor public viewings (they made some bad films), they had to go find some normal jobs. Johnny went to go work in a pizza house, as the stove. Ben became a hero for hire with his friend Luke Cage, and Reed went to go work at a nearby college. They did what they could and they accepted the jobs they had, but nobody knew what Susan did. She would just disappear for extended periods of time. Reed was always busy with the schoolwork and failed to notice, like usual, but the other two were worried. As you enter the Baxter building, you are informed that no one is present. As you leave, wondering what to do, you see a suspicious figure in an alleyway. You decide to investigate. As you walk down the alley, you see...no one. As you search the alley, you feel something along your belt. You look down and see a pouch had been opened and a wad of cash floats out. As you grab it out of the air, you feel flesh, like a hand. "Sue? Susan Storm?" You ask, grabbing the money. Suddenly, a blonde woman in a tight blue jumpsuit appears. "I'm sorry, but I need money, please." Sue begs. Her hair is a mess, she's dirty and her jumpsuit is tattered. "I'll do anything for that money, please." "Anything?" "Anything, especially what you're thinking." Sue says, reaching a hand towards your growing bulge. "Won't people see us?" "Not if I put a shield around us, it'll be just you and me." "Perfect." You say as Sue pulls down your SHIELD pants, exposing your semi erect cock. "Surprisingly, not the first time I've exchanged sexual favors for money." "That's not surprising." You say as Sue grabs your dick. As Susan starts to glide her hand up and down your growing member, you moan and grab her tits. "Just like that!" "You're so big. And I thought Reed could stretch!" The blonde murmurs from between your legs. Now that your dick is fully erect, Susan moves her hand to fondle your balls as she wraps her lips around your long member. "You're really good at this." You say as she throats your meet, taking your entire 6.5 inches in her mouth and down her throat. "Gck!" She gags as your head reaches the max length down her throat. "Keep going, I'm almost there!" "You taste so good!" She says as you finally reach your peak. "Ahhhh! Hell yeah!" You moan as you cum on the blondes rarely visible face. "So, why is a fancy agent of SHIELD at the Baxter building?" You're about to answer her when Fury calls. "I hope you've found someone who can help. Mr. Stark, Banner, Richards and Fitz have done some research and whatever is happening, it has to do with time, so start evacuating the city or else people are going to get hurt. Fury out." "I see," the invisible woman says, "Fury is paranoid. Don't worry I'll assemble the team." "Thanks." You say as you go to meet the Fantastic Four. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Smut-ventures series