THE COCKPIT 34ABY: On the way to Starkiller Base “Ok. I’ve been sitting here keeping quiet,” said Finn, scooting forward in his chair and leaning across the narrow aisle. “But it’s killing me. I gotta know, Solo. That was you, that fought in the War, wasn’t it?” He raised his eyebrows and put on his most determined face. “You could just walk in to that base and walk right up to the lady that runs the place and talk to her- just talk to her; no guards, no weapons no nobody else. You just could talk to her- like just you and her, like it was no big deal, just go up and talk to The General. And she listened to you. She…she really listened to you. And then she just took your word that you knew what you were doin’ and pinned the success of this entire operation on you and she didn’t even make you tell her what your plan was.” He shook his head and frowned. “You gonna own up to it now? You are the famous Han Solo. You fought with the Rebellion. You fought with General Organa.” “Every day for half my life, kid,” Han answered wryly. Chewbacca let out a chuckle from the copilot’s seat. “Huh?” was all Finn could say back. Han shook his head and laughed at himself. “I was married to her,” he stated plainly. Chewie warbled a correction. “Yeah,” Han allowed, “still am, technically. Hadn’t seen her in years though,” he added, “until today.” “Oh,” Finn exhorted, leaning back in to his seat. “Well,” he added, “that does account for some of the tension that I was sensing.” “Yeah, kid, you’re real perceptive,” Han grumbled. Chewie made a sound that Finn guessed to be another question. “You’re damned right,” Han said back to his partner. “I am still madly in love with her. No shame in that.” Han turned around to look Finn in the eye. “But here’s a little advice from an old spacer,” he offered. “Ever think you’re falling in love with a Princess… don’t.” Chewbacca yowled what was probably another question. The more time Finn spent with the Wookiee, the more he was beginning to understand the copilot’s inflexion, if not his actual language. “Yeah, well,” Han answered his buddy. “It’s a start. We’ll see,” he allowed, shaking his head. “Princess?” Finn asked. “Who’s a princess?” Han shook his head and let out another wry laugh. “Kid, you don’t know anything,” he declared. “The General, as you called her, was formerly known as Princess Leia Organa of Alderaan.” “Alderaan?” Finn repeated, frowning in disbelief. “As in ‘destroyed by the Death Star’ Alderaan?” he asked. “That’s the one,” Han replied with a nod. “That’s how we met,” he shared, turning back around in his seat and fiddling with a switch on his console. “She was on the Death Star being tortured almost to death. They were gonna execute her. But they blew up her planet first. They made her watch. So all that,” he gestured above and behind him with his index finger, “with the Hosnian system,” he clarified, “that wasn’t the first time she’s had to look at that. If anyone knows how important it is to get rid of this thing, it’s my wife.” “Is that why you’re doing this, Solo?” Finn asked the pilot, “Flying us onto the Starkiller to blow up their shields…because of a woman?” Another series of sounds from the copilot, If Finn had to guess, they were in support of his hypothesis. “Don’t say that,” Han directed at the Wookiee, “it’s the right thing to do.” The next sound out of Chewbacca was so dubious that even Finn could get the gist of it. “But I can’t say that I’m not looking forward to coming home and having her happy to see me. It’ll be a nice change.” He looked back at his passenger. “And don’t you tell me that you’re just going to get back at The First Order. You’re doin’ this for a woman, too. You want to find Rey,” he observed, “and you wouldn’t be walking in to enemy territory if you didn’t.” “Yeah,” Finn allowed. “Yeah I do. I wanna find Rey.” “Well, okay,” Han affirmed. “I do too. And you needed a pilot,” he reminded the younger man. “And in case you didn’t understand what I was sayin’ before,” he added, “there’s exactly one guy who’s ever flown a girl off a Death Star.” Han pointed at himself with both of his index fingers. “Wait?” Finn responded, leaning forward in his seat again, “you rescued her?” he asked. “You rescued the General, er, the Princess from the Death Star? When The Empire had her and they were going to torture her to death, you came in and rescued her?” Han nodded. “Yep,” he answered. There was another dubious yowl from the copilot’s seat. “Well,” Han admitted, looking back at Finn, “we unlocked the door,” he recounted, “and then she pretty much rescued herself. But I am the one who flew her out of there.” The next sound out of Chewie sounded almost indignant. “Yeah, ok pal,” Han allowed, “Chewie did a lot of the flying just then, on account of me and Luke had to man the quad lasers. But it was us. You’re still talking to the only guys who’ve ever gotten a girl off a Death Star. And so even though this thing we’re headed to is a super colossal overgrown Death Star on Spice, if you want to bring Rey home, you’ve come to the right place.” Finn took a deep breath and considered for a moment. If there was such a thing as a man with experience doing what they were about to do, it was the man in the pilot’s seat. “So,” addressed Han and Chewie then, his voice an even mixture of excited and businesslike, “how’re we getting in…?” Notes: The last line of Finn's dialog was taken directly from Star Wars Episode VII: The Force Awakens. This was done not with the intention of plagiarism, but in the spirit of fitting this "missing moment" into the universe seamlessly. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the Completely Canon Tales from the Millennium Falcon series Next Work →