General Hux let his shoulders slump a little as the door slid quietly shut behind him. He'd already been awake for over 24 hours, but the shuttle had finally dropped them off back on the Finalizer after their latest mission. Picking up the pieces of the First Order after the destruction of Starkiller Base was not easy. But he would be fine. As long as he could pull off his uniform for a few hours and curl up in his bed with the lights out, he would be fine. He tugged open the zippers of his luggage and started sifting through his clothes. It took him a few moments to realize something was wrong. The luggage was full of regulation socks, underwear, and undershirts, but his extra uniform wasn't there, and neither was the satchel containing his papers and his tablet. There was, however, a black tablet case with what looked like tiny scorch marks on it. Hux opened it up and turned it on. It wasn't password protected. The internet browser was open to a draft of an email to Lieutenant Mitaka, complaining that there weren't enough snacks in the third level break room. Lieutenant Mitaka isn't even in charge of snacks, Lieutenant Katchadourian is in charge of snacks- Hux knew exactly whose luggage this was. He thought for a moment. Did he really need his own things now? He could probably deal with taking a shower and putting the undershirt and underwear he was wearing back on. His physical papers contained nothing time-sensitive. He was just going to wash his hair and get in bed. * * * When Hux stepped out of the shower, he realized he actually couldn't handle putting his old clothes back on. He sighed and tugged a t-shirt from Ren's bag. He sniffed it. It had the same smell as all clean clothes laundered by the First Order. Hux tugged it over his head in resignation. Sleep, he needed sleep. Unfortunately, sleep would not come. He had Ren's luggage. Did that mean Ren had his? What if he messed with Hux's stuff? Hux ran down the checklist of his personal effects in his mind. Shirts, socks, papers, headphones, comb, tablet, everything was replaceable except- shit. His- shit. Shit shit shit. Hux would never admit it, would like to think that he could never be made to admit it even under the most serious of torture, but he had a Kylo Ren plushie. Someone had given it to him as a joke, but it was just the right size for him to hold at night and he was privately very attached to it. He didn't even want to think about how much everyone would tease him if they found out. It would be too shameful to bear. He stumbled out of bed, pulled his uniform back on, and threw himself back into the horrible bright white light of the hallway. * * * Kylo Ren was sitting on his bed, gazing with an open mouth at the small plush doll of himself he had just pulled out of General Hux's luggage. It was a cutesy, small version of him in his customary black robes and mask. He wondered who made these things and who bought them. He noticed that it looked slightly worn, as though it was being cuddled on a daily basis. Wow. He thought Hux hated him. This was incredible. He had to explore this. He heard someone knocking at his door. He hid the plush under his blankets and went to look. It was Hux. He looked haggard, pale, and sweaty. His eyes and eyebrows were twitching with stress and fatigue. Excellent. Kylo Force-hovered Hux's bag until it was out of sight behind his bed and opened the door. “Ren,” Hux said by way of greeting. “May I come in?” He made it sound like a softer version of an order. He couldn't even bring himself to ask to come in. Kylo made him wait for a long moment, staring with palpable distress at Kylo's impassive mask, before moving aside to let him in. “I believe someone has made a terrible error and misplaced my luggage. Yours was in my room, so I think you might have mine.” Hux was making a valiant effort to sound like he was fine. “There wasn't a bag in my room,” said Kylo, lying through his beautiful teeth. “Oh” said Hux. He paced a little, planning his next move. “Well, here's yours.” He set Kylo's bag down on the floor and stalked out of the room. * * * Hux stormed down the hallway in a haze of panic. He hated Kylo Ren. This didn't seem like it was Ren's fault, logically, but Hux still felt that it was somehow his fault. Why wasn't this happening to Ren? Why couldn't more bad things happen to Ren? Every bad thing always happened to Hux, it was like he just couldn't win- Ok, false thought, false thought , he told himself. These things happen. Although on a ship he took so much pride in helming, it shouldn't be happening. He shoved his panicking thoughts to the back of his mind and decided to return to his room. He would find his things tomorrow. * * * After a horrible night's sleep, General Hux was hardly feeling any better. He'd had coffee but it hadn't helped. He'd tracked down the personnel in charge of the luggage, and, upon their failure to produce his luggage, meted out some rather severe discipline. How was this nightmare still happening? He got himself through endless meetings and appointments, head aching bitterly from lack of sleep and hands trembling slightly from the caffeine. He should really eat something, but he couldn't bring himself to. At the end of the day he had to get in bed without his plushie again, and he just felt so awful. Everything felt awful. Everything hurt. There were stabbing pains behind his right eye now, and a bad taste in his mouth. He curled himself up in a ball and covered his face with his arms, trying blot out every candela of light. In moments alone like this, he couldn't help thinking about the weapon. His beautiful weapon that skewered planets and ate stars. Gone now. So much planning had gone into that and it had all been destroyed so quickly. How did this happen? It didn't make sense. Everything's wrong. Everything I do is wrong. Hux's face screwed up as he tried to stop himself from freaking out. He couldn't believe how stupid he was being. But his head hurt so much and everything was disappearing around him. There was a knock at the door. * * * Kylo Ren stood in the doorway as Hux squinted at him through one blood-shot eye. “What do you want Ren?” he said hoarsely. “Can I come in?” Ren asked. Hux allowed it because he didn't have enough energy to reply or to stop him from coming through the doorway. He was wearing his normal outer robe over a pair of pajama pants and slippers. After the door closed he took of his mask. "I think I have something of yours," Ren said in his normal voice. He held out the plushie. Hux stared at him for a moment with a stressed, sort of undead expression. "Why would that be mine?" he whispered harshly. "I did...actually have your stuff." Hux sputtered, too angry to continue denying knowledge of the plushie. "What, did you only just notice, or have you been hiding my things from me this whole time? What the fuck, Ren!" Ren put his hand on Hux's shoulder. Hux looked down at it as though it was covered in disgusting slime. "Hux, I'm going to tell you the truth." Hux waited furiously to hear The Truth. "I had it the whole time- shh I'm not done- I had it the whole time, and I thought it would be funny, but it's not, I can feel your physical and psychic pain from across the ship and it's really dragging me down, so I took the liberty of canceling that thing you were supposed to go to tomorrow. Just take this and get in bed, you're really tired." Hux stared at him. "Hux get in the bed." Hux was giving him a very suspicious look but he couldn't think of anything better to do so he got in bed and pulled the covers over himself, turning his face to the wall. The bed dipped under Ren's weight as he got in too. Hux tensed up and stared ahead into the wall. "Shhhh," said Ren as he reached his arm over Hux to put the plushie shaped like himself back in Hux's arms. Ren scooted over a bit to give Hux some space and Hux spent the next few minutes studiously ignoring him but also obsessively trying to figure out what he thought he was doing. Ren gave off so much body heat. Hux couldn't handle this, he was to tired. But at least he had his plushie back. He squeezed it with both arms. So soft. Before long, he drifted off to sleep. * * * Hux opened his eyes into waves and waves of black hair. Right, Ren was in his bed. Ren...was in his bed. Hux scrutinized every part of Ren he could see from his current position. It was freeing, to be able to look at him without an excuse or a reason why. Ren was obviously built like a refrigerator, but under his ostentatious black rags he really was all muscle. And there were pretty dark-brown freckles scattered down his neck and back. Hux swallowed hard. "I can feel you watching me." Ren's voice was gravelly and sleepy. "You're in my bed," said Hux, defensively. "Do you want me to leave?" Ren rolled over to look at him, right in the eyes. Hux froze again. No, he decided, he actually didn't. But Hux finally had his stuff back, he was finally well-rested, and he made the executive decision that Ren really didn't deserve to know that, as such. He rolled himself on top of Ren and glared down at him. "Yes," he said in a softer version of his General voice. "Yes, I want you to leave." He let the silence lie for a moment. "And take a shower. And come back with a venti matcha latte with soy milk." He rolled off of Ren and walked towards his own 'fresher. "Hey Hux," Ren called. "What?" "I think you're wearing my shirt." Hux felt himself blush. He definitely was still wearing it from before when he had no clean clothes. He couldn't think of anything witty to say so he stuck his middle finger up in Ren's general direction and continued walking as he tried not to think about how weirdly nice Ren was being and how this all had to be some sort of trick. * * * Half an hour later they were back in bed, and Ren was licking the matcha flavor from a breathless Hux's mouth. As soon as Hux had taken a sip and put the cup down, Ren had cautiously reached for his hand and they had become entangled. Limbs gently feeling each other out, Ren's weird light blue pajama pants brushing against Hux's regulation gray pajama pants. Ren's arms were so solid and warm. He wanted to ask if his own were cold. Hux believed he was cataloguing every moment for tactical advantage, but he also may have been a little stunned and rather inclined to touch anything he could. He had carefully brushed his finger against the mole next to Ren's mouth and Ren had looked at him solemnly until Hux had kissed him gently, just for a moment. Ren had kissed him back, his tongue slipping across Hux's lips once before pressing his lips to Hux's several more times. He then kissed Hux on the cheek and flopped down on his side, looking at him. For a while they just lay there, close enough that their arms and hands were touching. Hux found himself spacing out, and when he looked over again, Kylo was lying on his stomach, dozing. Hux snorted to himself. Kylo craned his head over and raised his lovely eyebrows. “And to think,” Hux observed dryly, “I had a man thrown in the trash compactor yesterday for losing my bag.” Kylo huffed a laugh into the pillow. “That's hot,” he said, rocking his body back and forth so that his arm could brush against Hux's side. In spite of himself, Hux cracked a tiny smile and held his breath so he wouldn't laugh out loud. He wasn't used to feeling so pleased by his surroundings. He had a bed full of Kylo Ren, a tiny soft plush version of Kylo Ren, and his own warm and happy body. And with nothing on his schedule right away, he finally felt like he had time to heal and plan before he got back out there to destroy the lives of everyone who opposed him. Notes: my first kylux :)