hands Summary: Giant!kylo's fingers are just the right size to fuck tiny!reader. Notes: based on this ask and mod kat's amazing answer He's got you right where he wants you- reclining in the palm of his left hand, where he can look at you and play with you. You just barely fit in his hand, and you're glad you aren't any bigger because then you wouldn't be able to be held like this. It reminds you of a very comfy armchair, but the heat and the feel of his skin won't let you forget that his hand is very much alive. He smiles down at you. You'd almost call it a smirk- it's a dirty smile, full of confidence in how much you want him and the promise of what he's going to do. A few of his fingertips tease at the hem of your shirt, and you pull it off and take your bra off as well. He picks up your tiny garments and places them on his knee where they'll be safe. He brushes the pads of his huge fingers delicately against your breasts, careful not to hurt you. The touch is still overwhelming and your nipples harden against the rough whorls of his fingerprints. Sometimes you want to ask him to hold you down with his fingertips to see if they could leave patterns in your skin, but right now you're much too impatient. You laugh breathlessly and wriggle back against his warm solid hand. He tries not to talk too much because he knows it seems much too loud to you, but he watches you constantly to see how you're feeling. He raises his index finger towards you and waits for your reaction. "Yes!" you say, sitting up a little in anticipation and opening your legs. You still have your pants on, and you love to feel his fingers caress your legs and your pussy through them. He rubs his finger lightly down the front of your pants and between your legs where the seam lies right over your opening and you moan and shift your hips against his hand. The hard edge of his nail is present but not a threat- not with the delicate way he touches you. You want him to touch you harder, but you don't tell him yet. You're savoring the feeling of being tiny and precious. His fingertips ghost along the insides of your legs, pressing warmth into the softness of your thighs. You spread your legs wider and let your head fall back against the fingers of his left hand. He moves the tip of his finger to press on the whole area surrounding your clit and he touches you over and over again in slightly different spots until everywhere between your legs is sweetly aching. When you start bucking up into his finger he laughs under his breath. His eyes crinkle up so beautifully when he laughs. Fuck, you need him. He tries to grasp the waist of your pants to unbutton them but he can't fit his big fingers around the button. You laugh and do it yourself, yanking your underwear down with them and throwing your pants off the edge of his hand, where they probably fall to the floor or some other distant and irrelevant location. You lie back again, feeling the warmth of his hand soak into your naked body. You look up at him and wriggle back and forth, feeling him all over you. He moves to push his finger back between your legs and you playfully snap them shut. He takes his index and ring finger and pushes your legs apart, holding you open for him. You're panting and you know you must look so wanton- chest rising and falling with deep breaths, back arching up from his palm, trembling thighs spread wide, meeting in the middle where you know you're flushed and slick. "Aahhhhh Kylo," you say, voice sounding pathetically small, even to your own ears. "Finger or tongue?" he whispers darkly. His voice is deeper than anything. It pools in your belly and vibrates through you like heavy bass from concert speakers. You want the wet, hot tip of his tongue all over you, making you so so wet, and you want the hard, hot push of his finger inside you, and you want to swim around in that damned incredible voice until you can't breathe, you want it all. Your head spins, but you manage to get ahold of yourself. "Fingers!" you say, reaching for his middle finger with your hands and your hips at the same time. He grins and lets up his hold on your thighs, letting them come back together until he can no longer see where you open. He runs his middle finger over you ever so gently, just to feel the give in your center where he knows you want him. You make a frustrated sound of pleasure and try to buck your hips forward onto his finger. This time, he lets you. Your mouth opens and your eyes go blank for a moment as you feel his fingertip finally start to enter you, the pressure on the edges of your small opening. And then you're sinking down. Your wet cunt clenches around the warm hardness of his finger and you can't restrain yourself from fucking yourself on it. You twist and move your hips, letting out little sounds. He smiles lazily down at you until you finally run out of energy and lie back, breathing hard. It's only now that he starts to fuck you with his finger, dragging it back until it's almost out and then pushing it back into you slowly. He finger-fucks you hard enough to make you moan and dig your nails into whatever part of his hand you can reach but not hard enough to hurt. "Kylo!" you cry out. You sound so needy but you have no room in your head to mind. You don't care about anything in this world right now except getting him to fuck you harder. You hazily register the dark waves of his hair, looming so far up above you. He gazes into your eyes and slowly raises an eyebrow. "Kylo, please! Please please please!" He stops moving altogether and keeps you waiting until you think you're about to cry or scream, and then pushes his finger into you harder. To him it must still feel like a gentle movement, but to you it feels like you're finally being fucked as hard as you need, and before it's even over your hips are snapping up to meet it. He doesn't stop. His finger slams into you over and over again and you know you're going to come soon. You keep being overwhelmed by how good it feels and closing your legs a little only to need more right away and spread them wide again. You push your hand down between your legs to rub your clit. You wonder how small your hand must look compared to the giant finger that's pressing into you and that's the thought that makes you come, shaking and moaning, held in one hand and speared on the other. After you've come down a little, he moves his finger tip over your outer folds and spreads your wetness around. There's a peaceful expression on his face, and you let him touch wherever he wants. You let yourself slide down a little deeper into the palm of his hand and can't help laughing. You are so fucking happy. Chapter 2 : lick my legs and im on fire Summary: tiny!reader is now an object of adoration for Kylo Ren's big pretty mouth Notes: the title of this chapter is from a song by my goddess, miss polly jean harvey (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) His tongue is much too big to fit inside you, but you like to make him press down hard so you can pretend. His lips are pillowy, beautiful pouty bad-boy lips, so voluptuous and soft at the most innocent of times and obscene when he's licked and bitten them red. When you look at them all you can think about is watching them rub up against things, watching his mouth open in a gasp or close around different parts of you. His lips look dark in the low light. Dark like wine. They're hot to the touch. If the skin over them is dry they catch on the skin of your legs and you get to feel all that soft warmth drag over your skin. When they're wet they glide or catch against your skin even harder, it's a strange feeling but not unpleasant. He rubs his lips all over your thighs and calves. He pulls your whole leg into his mouth and it's so incredibly hot and wet inside. It's almost scary how huge his mouth feels around your leg. It's cavernous- no, that's such an awkward word for it. It's like the belly of a beast. If he's careful he can hold your whole leg in his mouth without it touching the walls of his cheeks. He holds you in place with his soft lips all around the top of your thigh. But you want to touch. You brush your calf along the wet, slippery insides of his cheeks and then let your whole leg recline on the spongey expanse of his tongue. When he pulls off, he puts little flicks on the bottoms of your feet with the tip of his tongue. It doesn't tickle but it does make you laugh. He rubs open-mouthed kisses over your soft belly and licks your breasts and your shoulders. You cover your face with your hands so he can't lick your face. You know he could easily tear your arms away, but he never would. Instead he smiles against your arms and moves down again. This is the game. He likes to see how wet he can make you before he puts his mouth between your legs. He loves the way you taste, but you're so small it's hard for him to get enough. Privately, you think that even if you were as big as him he still wouldn't be able to get enough of you. He'd still be eating you out for hazy hours, just licking up anything he could get and pressing his face into you until you got too sore and made him stop. He had pulled your clothes off quickly this time, eager to smell you and look at you. You always feel so exhilaratingly bare under his gaze. It's not like being with someone your own height, where if you were kissing they could only really see your face and your shoulders. He sees your whole body, all of you at once, and he likes it so much that he can't take his eyes off you. He loves to watch you get wetter and wetter, until it's coming out from between your lips. For your slit to be glistening before his mouth even gets there. He kisses and licks your legs until you start making angry noises because he won't touching you where you really want it. Your legs are flushed and damp by now, and they tremble a little as you balance your feet on his plush lower lip and let him look at you. It's only when you're ludicrously wet that he will put his mouth on you. He nudges your legs apart with that magnificent nose of his and uses the tip to nuzzle lightly at your thighs. Then he uses a big blunt fingertip to gently nudge you open. He stares in wonder at the amount of clear slick covering your cunt and the way it's made the insides of your thighs slippery as well. Solemnly, under his breath, he says “I did that to you.” He always marvels over you this way, like he can never quite believe it. Your pussy makes a little sound of suction being released when your lips part, and you're not sure he heard it but it makes you feel so embarrassed and sexy at the same time. You cover your face with your hands and draw your legs up a little, though it's pointless to try to hide from him. He moves back and waits for you to peek out again from behind your hands. “Okay, pretty girl?” he whispers. His voice flows through you in dark waves, and you relax back against his hand. “Yeah,” you whisper back, soft and lazy. You realize he can't possibly have heard you. You pipe up with a bit more energy. “Yeah!” He runs the tip of his nose lightly down your belly and returns to breathe in deeply between your legs, trying to get as much as he can of your scent. From here you could probably reach up and pull his eyelashes. You reach up and instead just skim your little hand over the tips of them. If he notices, it doesn't register on his face. You smile, though he can't see. At first he's just pressing his big lips to you, mouth closed, holding his breath. Even that much is overwhelming to you, his lips are so soft and there's so much of them. He tries to hold his breath but there's still a tiny warm huff of breath as he relaxes into you. It makes you think of a wave crashing- first the hot delicate skin and then the press of so much softness over you. He holds you level on his palm, your hips sitting on the heel of his hand while your legs dangle off the edge, and you look straight up at the ceiling. He kisses you lightly over and over again to feel your wetness glide across his lips before he opens his mouth and starts to let his tongue touch you. The temperature of it alone is overwhelming, it's so hot but when he pulls his mouth back for a moment all of a sudden you feel so cold. You put your hand around part of his lip to drag it closer to you and see a spark of laughter in his dark eyes. He drags his tongue over you and presses it down. He tries to pick up your wetness on the tip of his tongue and bring it into his mouth to taste. He presses his open mouth between your legs and hums, and you can feel the vibrations shaking through your legs and hips. You gasp helplessly and he lets himself moan louder into your hips. It feels like the sound is rippling through you, like everything is pulsing and all you can do is ride it. He is all over you in a very real way. There's so much of you in his mouth now, from the place where your legs meet your ass to the very beginning of your stomach. The tip of his tongue is prodding against you gently, over your clit and over your opening. It's unlike being fucked or being eaten out by someone your own size. You're pushing your hips into lips so soft they feel like clouds and a tongue that's just hard enough when it jabs against you. You're burning and shaking as the voice from his fucking divine throat thrums into you, and he lets you grind at your own pace against the tip of his tongue. Your hips are so wet and slippery with his spit and you push your hips into his mouth again and again as you start to come. You moan happily as he lets you shove your hips up into his tongue as though it could fuck you. You never want to come down, it's too good, you just want to come forever. You're vaguely aware that the noises you're making sound like sobs and your eyes are scrunched up tight as you try to ride out the sweet throbbing in your cunt for as long as you can. But of course, all things must end. He moves his mouth away gently and watches you silently as you try to catch your breath. When your breathing has calmed he begins gently lapping at the insides of your thighs again. His eyes are hungry and dark when he looks into your own. He wants to make you come again. It must be hell for him to be sitting here, watching you writhe around naked in his hand while he's not even touching himself. You think of his cock, hidden from you now under layers of clothes and so far away. “Are you hard?” you ask. He doesn't stop mouthing at your legs but he nods, eyes cast down. It's always striking to see such reverence on his beautiful young face. Sometimes he looks so innocent, no matter what he's doing to you. “Take it out I want to see.” Notes: next chapter featuring kylo ren's level 20 dick