1. Do you like the way I flick my tongue or nah? Rey's nude pale body was on display as she was laid out on her bed in her room. Her legs were spread wide like a door and her hands were tied behind her back in a black velvet type of rope. A cloth was placed in her mouth, muffling her. "My, my princess. You look gorgeous." Ben smoothly retorts, exiting out of the bathroom only seen in a pair of heather grey boxers and his erect cock was all snuggled up in his underwear. His long charcoal black locks were let down once he took off his mask and he crawled up beside her, untangling her chocolate strands of hair from the braid she worked on almost all morning. "Now, what should I do with you?" Ben questions, his finger slipping far down into her creme lacy little panties. Rey made a low noise against her gag, tears filling in her eyes as Ben thrusted his finger in and out of her tightness, exploring her lower half. "Your wetness is clinging close to my finger, baby girl. You must be enjoying yourself." He lets out a laugh, yanking down her panties to her ankles and removed his silky wet finger from her clit. He then removed her gag and Rey released a sigh in relief, remaining close to him. He lifted her lacy bra above her head, yanking it off instantly and her bouncy chest sprung free like a slinky. "What're you gonna do to me, Ben?" Rey sheepishly asks, her breath hitched as his lips attack all over her body from her neck to her hips. He just smirked, going down lower and his breath tingled against her lower half and he stopped before it. He then grabbed one of her hips, instantly swirling his tongue into her. "Oh gods." Rey lets out a moan, feeling a warm sensation flutter among her tummy as Ben's tongue was striking her aching mound. Her legs met with his shoulders delicately and she was a blushing (also moaning) mess underneath her beloved husband. Hearing her make these naughty, sweet sounding noises made a heat brush close against his throbbing erection and Ben made a groan against her. 2. You can ride my face till you're dripping cum. After a few more lazy licks in Rey's wet core, Ben pulled his petite pink tongue away from her special place. "Why did you stop?" The brunette spoke, her stomach going a slight tight knot. She was awfully close to her limit. She could feel it in the pit of her stomach and the warmth between her long legs. Ben simply removed the rope from the scavenger's wrists and proceeded to lay flat on his back in front of her, his eyes narrowing at her. His lust filled orbs that were piercing at hers. "Sit on my face. Now." "Come again?" Rey sheepishly asks, her embarrassment exposing itself after she heard Ben's lewd words slip past his lips. "Sit. On. My. Face. I want to make you my dripping little slut. I want to taste you on my tongue." Ben simply retorts, noticing how flustered his beautiful wife in the flesh was getting. After a few seconds of hesitation, the brunette beauty's lower region was on top of the commander of the First Order's face. Once a few awkward seconds went by, Rey finally spoke, "Okay now what?" Without a single warning, the commander slashed his tongue deep and fast upon the sensitivity of Rey's so wet pussy. Rey couldn't find any proper words to say, her words were replaced by loud moans of absolute pleasure. The adorable scavenger's hips grinded deep into Ben's face and her moans were coming so loud and clear, they were music to Ben's ears. Reaching closer and closer, Rey moaned louder and louder as Ben's tongue roughly and quickly flickered against her g-spot. She suddenly cried out his name, coming undone as her fingers went through his midnight black locks. 3 & 4 Can you lick the tip, deep throat the dick or nah? Can you let me stretch that pussy out or nah? After Rey calmed down and rolled beside Ben's nude body, she made a small sound in bliss. He suddenly kneeled before her, his member throbbing and deliciously erect. "It's about time that you repay the favor to me, my scavenger." Ben growls, lust spilling out in his words as he pulls Rey close to him, his cock gently brushing against her pretty pink lips. "What favor?" The brunette giggles cutely, trying to tease him and Ben shivered softly, chills going down his spine as her voice was pure music to his ears. Rey smirks, suddenly opening her mouth and her lips quickly latched around Ben's long length and the commander released a sudden low grunt, closing his eyes in bliss. Her long pink tongue painted pictures abroad his length and Ben felt like he was reaching closer to the heavens as the wet sensation around his hardness felt so damn good. The cute scavenger couldn't help but to release a small giggle against the commander's rod and then suddenly she started to bob her head at a quickened pace. This little tactic from someone cute like Rey surprised Ben but he couldn't fight back his loud moans in pure bliss. He was feeling nothing but the desires of pleasure. Suddenly, warm thick streams of cum coated the tongue of Rey and she willingly swallowed it all and Ben growled at this, his rod slipping away from her mouth. After Ben was over his happy moment, he then slid on top of Rey and she gasped, her breath being hitched. His lips met perfectly (but also roughly) with hers and the scavenger was as red as the glowing blade of her love's light saber. She willingly kissed him back, deepening their steamy kiss. To catch his breath, Ben's lips fell off of Rey's sweetly and gently. He looked down at her in concern and he smirked, seeing how red she was. "You ready, my little sexy scavenger?" The commander's voice came out low and husky as he whispered in Rey's ear, his length touching one of her inner thighs. Rey gave her beloved one a simple nod and she couldn't help but to smile once Ben's fingers of his left hand laced with hers. Slipping in between her legs, Ben's length jumped in Rey's tightness and the cute scavenger cried out, her body alarmed by the new type of pain. "It's so long." Rey confesses, her face flushing as her free hand grabbing the bed sheet. After a while, she got used to his size and her eyes gave him a seductive expression. Ben slammed slowly into the cute scavenger, his free hand gripping at her bubbly bottom and Rey started to release sounds of bliss and instant esctasy. After a cluster of slow thrusts, Ben slammed deeper and deeper, pounding Rey's wetness into absolute submission and the scavenger was enjoying it. Butterflies combined throughout the atmosphere of her belly, she couldn't explain the sudden pleasure she was feeling. The commander's rod explored the pretty sight in front of his chocolate eyes and he was reaching closer to his climax. "You're so loose now. This feels so good! Your hips are wobbly and your wetness is dancing around me." Ben grunts, his cock spiralling around and around in Rey and she was moaning close to a porn star. After a while, a knot in Rey's stomach dissolved and she instantly felt her release crash upon her, Ben's name falling loudly off her lips. This led to Ben instantly shooting in her wetness and he moaned out her name as well. Ben passed out next to her, their bodies glistened in sweat and their breaths coming out shallow and low. He cleaned himself and his beautiful scavenger off before his arms snaked around her. She made a little sigh, pulling the blanket close to their embracing nude figures. "Night, my commander." "Night, my scavenger. After that final statement, the couple fell asleep happily, cuddling into each other.