Big Guy His chest was heaving, light-saber a light and gripped tightly in his fist, the sounds of battle almost rhythmic in his ears. Kylo Ren stood atop a pile of corpses, his Knights of Ren continuing to run a muck as he watched; concentrated. The glorious sights of the battlefield brought a great sense of peace to him. He took a step away from his perch, scanning for any other soldiers that were not his own, the large sand dunes and broken metal making it easy for one to hide behind. Not a being in sight. Kylo moved to turn around and head back to the shuttle but then he heard it, and sensed it, a sharp click clack against the metal floors that were scattered with sand. He turned swiftly, his saber at the ready, cowl billowed out behind him as a large gust of wind tossed the red sand around. A figure was walking toward him, clothing obscenely clean compared to all of the grime around them. His large black mask was met with the visage of a small white mask, almost flush against the other beings face. Two small rectangular shapes peered up at him. Form fitting armor and a large white scarf outlined the figure of a woman. You stopped, only a few feet away from him and tilted your head to the side, seemingly watching him in a curious fashion. The sound had come from her boots. Hardly battle attire , Ren thought as he continued to watch her carefully. Finally, you moved, reaching down to her hip, reaching toward a metal cylinder. Kylo was prepared to charge, however, what you grabbed instead of the cylinder was a small pouch and you opened it. Reaching inside you pulled out a crumpled piece of paper and unraveled it. Your gaze left him and turned down to the paper before switching back up to him. You put one arm, the one holding the paper, back down at your side and reached up for your mask with the other. With a short snap sound the front of your mask came off and revealed a human face. “Are you Kylo Ren?” Your voice was soft, no malice, entirely curious. A small twinkle was in your eyes and you gave him a large, cheeky smile. “Of course you are,” you said and turned the paper around, displaying a rough sketch of his mask and a large amount of Credits was written under the large Basic letters of Reward . Kylo stiffened and took a menacing step forward, moving into a more predatory stance. You held your hands up and told him your name, saying, “Woah there, big guy! I’m not here to fight with a Jedi, they are a dying breed y’know.” “I am not a Jedi,” his retort was clipped and laced with aggression. You clicked your tongue shrugged in an uncaring manner. “Whatever, it’s none of my business what you identify as anyway.” “Your attire,” the Knight started. “What is a Bounty Hunter here for?” “I’m not a Bounty Hunter,” you muttered and crossed her arms over her chest. “You are a Mercenary, then?” “Hmm, I like to think of myself as more of an,” you paused and reached a hand up to tap your chin. “As an investment,” you said with a broad smile. Kylo tilted his head to the side and peered at you, his eyes narrowed behind the mask. “It is not any business of mine what you identify as, anyway.” “Ooh, sass. I like that,” you said and smiled with a nod. The paper still in your hand, you stretched your arms out and took a deep breath in before coughing loudly. “Uhg, sand.” He stood there, staring at you warily, ready for the slightest of movements and prepped to attack. This woman was odd, to say the least. Kylo continued to scrutinize you as you hacked. Your belt held that cylinder as well as a pack and a regulations blaster, no doubt stolen, on your other hip. Strapped to your back, however, was a, possibly incredibly rare, relic; an old sword that was very well taken care of. You wore no symbol on her person, showing no alliance with either the Resistance or the First Order. Your frame was far smaller than his large build. From his standpoint, it seemed as if he could defeat you with a simple hit, but one should never underestimate their opponent. “Forgive me, that was an unnecessary amount of coughing,” you muttered, almost breathless. Kylo simply nodded slightly. “To answer your earlier question, I’m here for a bounty! You have no idea how long it took me to find you. Frankly, as flashy as you are, I’m surprised at how well the First Order kept you under wraps. I wonder why that is,” you smirked, toothily. Your eyes sparkled a bit before some your hair fell in front of your face. “Now, before you attack me, which I’m certain you will soon, I’d like to mention that the bounty isn’t for you , exactly.” “Then why was it you had to find me?” “Well, it involves you. Unexpectedly, you have a very large almost occultist following.” “Get to the point, Bounty Hunter.” “Fine, Mr. Snippy,” you huffed. “I’m here for your cowl.” “…” “…” “…My,” he began, taken aback. “My cowl?” “Yes, your cowl.” “Who wishes to have my cowl? And for what purpose would it serve?” “Hey, don’t ask me. I have a confidentiality policy. I don’t ask,” you shrugged. “How many Credits?” “What?” You blinked at him, a small wind blew about some sand at your feet and you frowned as the clay colored grains touched your pure white and heeled boots. “How many Credits is my cowl worth?” You blinked and looked back down to the paper. “A shred is worth 70, a large portion is worth 700, and the entire thing, unscathed, is worth 7,000,” you muttered, brow furrowed in a bit of curiosity. “If it’s any consolation, the client is a Hutt.” “Really? A Hutt?” “Yes, a Hutt.” “…” “…” “7,000 Units you said.” “Yes, 7,000 Units.” “I’ll give you 14,000 to leave,” Kylo offered. “Aw, really? I thought we were having a lovely conversation, Big Guy,” you frowned. Kylo’s jaw clenched. “Make that 14,000 Units and I’ll let you leave unscathed .” “Hmm, tempting,” You pressed a finger to your chin in thought. A mischievous smile crawled onto your face and you said, “20,000 Credits, a portion of your cowl, and I leave unscathed.” “And why would I do that?” “Because if you don’t, you will be picking sand out of your armor and helmet for weeks to come.” Kylo’s grip tightened and he charged toward you, swinging his saber as he went. With little effort you dodged his saber and began to kick up the sand around you both. His vision, now unclear, became useless and he turned his lightsaber off. He closed his eyes and looked for your signature in the force. By the time he found you his cowl already had a chunk cut off and you had your blaster at his back. “It’s nothing personal, Big Guy. I’d love to chat some more with you, however, I have a client to please.” Your voice, now distorted by your own mask resounded behind him. Kylo clenched and unclenched his fists and he stiffened when your arm hit the side of his. A sound, like a rhythmic downward ticking, sounded for a few seconds before you released him entirely. You stared down at the same arm that had hit his, and he realized that there was a holoscreen in your gauntlet. You gave him a two fingered salute and began to back away, “Thanks for the Credits. Let’s play again sometime soon.” The Knights anger was rising and he was visibly trembling as you ran off, far quicker than he had expected you to be. He let out a frustrated scream and began to slash at the already mangled corpses on the ground. When that wasn’t enough he moved onto the shuttle and started shredding wires and machinery in his blind fury. When the rest of his Knights found him, he was sitting on the ramp of the shuttle; helmet off and face contorted in displeasure. With a hoarse voice he commanded, “Call for another ship.” When they asked him why he hadn’t done so already, he stood and stormed back into the broken shuttle, refusing to admit that you had also stolen his com-link and a portion of his vocoder. Chapter 2 : Rain Days Notes: I'm back, bitches~ Sort of. This chapter is a bit short and I apologize but, you know. I would've had this out before the end of October but I was in Tennessee and the hotel I was in didn't have free wifi so that kind of sucked. Anyway I'm glad to FINALLY be able to update this, I know its been a long time coming so I hope it meets everyone's expectations. ANYWAYS, a HUGE thank you to; Jessica, Freya, Gray_Jedi, FairySquadMother333 (lol Fairy Squad Mother, I like that), OliverM, Ey babe it's ok, Undeadslayerbane, YukiDaviji, FullMoonsAndBlackCats, and Lightroo for commenting, bookmarking, and waiting. As for those who gave me Kudos there's too many to name so THANK YOU SO MUCH! Please. enjoy! The rain was loud and heavy. From what Ren could tell it would take hours for it to stop. He stood there, watching the water fall on the greenery around him. This solo mission would have to be finished at a later time. Thankful for the shielding done by his ship, he took his helmet off and set it down on the ramp beside him. Ren combed his fingers through his hair and slowly sat down on the edge of the ramp. His long arms rest on top of his knees and he kept his eyes ahead of him. At times like this he would normally begin to meditate, but not now. He could sense something coming, something human and it was fast. The being was too far away for him to get more details but as far as he could tell it was headed right for him. He narrowed his eyes and thunder shook the area around him. Two beings now, one human and relatively average sized the other was most definitely not human and it was advancing quickly. Great. The Knight stood quickly, his hand at his hip and ready to draw his saber, when you burst through the bushes, panting and running for your life. Your swords were in their sheaths at your back, your garb was made of dark and light browns. A panicked expression on your features. “Bounty Hunter,” he said, an expression of anger climbing onto his face. “Well if it isn’t my favorite Jedi!” You were running right for him now and you seemed to pick up the pace a bit. “I’m not a Jedi,” he growled out, but his anger deflated when he saw the beast that was running after you. “What the hell-“ “Now is not the time, Big Guy! Into the ship!” You grabbed him by the arm and began to pull him into his ship with you. Ren scrambled for his helmet and entered the ship behind you, keeping a close eye on the hand that was in contact with his arm. It was so much smaller than his own, yet it had enough strength to somewhat drag him inside. You let go of him and ran toward the button to lift the ramp. “Shit, shit, shit, shit, shiiiiiitt!” The ramp was moving too slowly, at this rate the beast would get inside. Ren lifted his arm and focused, using the force he snapped the ramp shut and the pressure of it threw you right into him. He stood straight and stiff and you leaned against him while you attempted to catch your breath. “What is that, that thing?” “Don’t tell me you’ve never seen a Vornskr before,” you pushed your hair back a bit and jumped when the beast crashed into the closed ramp. “Vornskr?” Ren asked, he watched you carefully, keeping his distance. “They are, probably, one of the deadliest beings to exist. Probably killed more Jedi than the Empire did, back in the old days.” You made a loud noise of exhaustion before throwing yourself on the metallic floor. “How could a beast do that?” “Rumor has it they hunt with the force or for the force, something along those lines, but they’re relatively extinct now. Not enough force users to feed on, after all.” Ren scowled and clenched his fists at his sides. “Bounty Hunter, watch what you imply.” “Imply? I’m not implying anything,” you took a deep breath and flinched at the sound of metal being bitten into and torn at. “Do you think it will find a way in?” “This is dura-steel, it’s stronger than a mere beast.” Ren narrowed his gaze at you, and then glanced at the large bag on your back. “What did you do?” You head shot up and you grabbed your bag, holding it tightly. “Nothing, I’ve done nothing at all. Why? What have you done?” “Do not play games with me! You must’ve done something to anger it!” “You must think I’m stupid to believe I’d do something to a Vornskr. Maybe It’s you that it wants! You are a Jedi, after all.” You began to choke on nothing, bringing your hands up to your neck and clutching at it. “Give me a reason why I shouldn’t kill you now,” Ren tightened his grip and your vision began to blur, but your bag began to wiggle and a small black creature jumped at him, “Ah!” His grip on you released and you gasped for breath, rubbing your neck as if something had made it sore. The Knight groaned as he hit the floor, a stinging feeling radiating from his arm. “What the kriff,“ he grabbed at the black ‘blur’ that was gnawing on his arm and as he sat up, he brought the small beast up in front of his face. Ren frowned and turned to look at you with an aggravated gaze. “Nothing, huh?” “It’s only a pup, that one outside was going to eat it!” “What do you mean?” “The pup is deformed,” you sighed and looked away from him and to the creature. “His tail is a stump and it only has one eye. There’s no way it could’ve hunted, abandoned by its pack it was going to die. What else was I supposed to do?” “Let it die,” Ren snarled as it pawed at his arm. The pup pressed its back paws against Ren’s clothed arm and he began to wriggle about. Its small mouth opened in a yawn before it stopped struggling and hung loosely from the Knight’s hold. It was rather cute, the Force user tilted his head to the side as he watched it blink its eye at him. “It kept following me and it tried to nibble on my shoes. I don’t think I’ve ever liked another living being as much as I like that one.” You coughed a bit before walking over and taking the pup from his grasp. “Besides you, of course,” you winked at him and started walking toward the other side of the ship. “I want you out of my ship.” “And I want you to lick me into the next galaxy,” you smirked. “But we can’t always have what we want.” “You-“ “If I had known that this is what you look like without you helmet, then I would’ve stolen the entire thing instead of just the com-link.” “…you disgust me.” “Oh, you have no idea,” you winked at him, and he looked away from you with a huff. The silence continued, with small interruptions of the adult Vornskr’s attempts to break the ship. After hours of meditating, while waiting for the Vornskr to go away, Ren turned to gripe at you again but noticed that you had fallen asleep. The much smaller Vornskr was curled up into your side, sleeping peacefully, while you had curled in on yourself. He tilted his head to the side, you looked so calm and peaceful. Unlike he could’ve ever imagined you to be. You looked soft, like a regular human. This way you weren’t a bounty hunter, you weren’t a pain in the ass, you were just alive. Only being, and that brought a strange feeling of companionship in him. A kindred spirit of sorts. Ren decided he would go back to his meditation and eventually he fell asleep. When he next awoke, it was to the sound of the ramp being lowered. Opening his eyes, he turned to see you standing before the ramp, watching the rain fall as he had the day before. You looked frozen, and he closed his eyes again. “Where do you go, Bounty Hunter?” “Huh?” You turned to look at him, and he stared through you. “Who are you?” “I’m,” you paused and started blinking. You turned away from him and looked outside again, the small Vornskr trotted to your side and pressed his head against the back of your leg. “Why does it matter?” “You told me your name before, woman. Tell it to me again.” “You first. Tell me who you really are,” you looked back at him. He continued to observe you, unwavering, and a small but empty smile curved your lips. “I see, for now you can call me what I am.” “A Bounty Hunter?” “No,” you began to walk down the ramp, the pup following behind you. Ren stood and walked toward the edge of the ramp. He watched you stand in the rain, no doubt watching for the adult Vornskr. “What am I supposed to call you, then? Thief?” “Call me what I am, Big Guy.” “I don’t understand,” he furrowed his brows. Taking a few steps further down the metal structure, almost in the rain. “What are you saying? Are you not human?” “Far from it,” you started walking. “I’m a force to be reckoned with, Ren, and you should think of me as such.” You didn’t turn to look at him and kept going. Just like you had appeared from the trees, hours before, you disappeared between them. He stared after you, confused and a bit angry. He still didn’t understand, and he hated that. What had brought on this change in attitude? The rain began to fall harder, and despite that he ran out into it, following your signature in the Force. When he felt you stop moving, he ran faster. Why were you stopped? The Vornskr pup yapped at him and he saw you slumped against a tree, your hands trembling and your skin much paler than it had been. You lost your grip on the tree and without a second thought he dove to catch you. He could feel the heat radiating from you. Ren put one of his fingers between his teeth and he pulled his glove off. With his unclothed hand he touched your neck and felt how high your fever was. “Kriff,” Ren muttered as he threw you over his shoulder and began walking back to his ship, the black pup followed. Notes: I'm sorry if Ren is OOC or if Reader seems a bit Mary Sue-ish. This is set way before the movie, like years before it. I imagine Kylo to be kind of nervous with his Force abilities, especially after he first starts associating with the dark side, so that's why its like that. To me, Pre-Force Awakens Kylo is a lot like Mat in the awkward department. Sorry. I hope you enjoyed!!