On the Bridge General Brendol Hux Alexander II was proudly commanding officers on the Bridge of The Finalizer. "Lieutenant Mitaka." "Yes sir?" Mitaka replied. "These are your responsibilities for today." Hux handed him a datapad. "Make sure these bills are payed and that these meetings are properly scheduled, so that our guests can-" he squeaked. Kylo Ren's huge hands were suddenly placed over Hux's tiny shoulders. Mitaka's eyes widened and he backed away. "Ren! You startled me. Please don't do that again... Even less in public..." Kylo wrapped his arms around Hux's neck and hugged him. "Sorry, General Sexy." He replied, quite loudly thanks to his mask. Everyone in the room including Hux froze. He blinked twice. "Um, what??" "I said 'Sorry, General *Sexy*'" Hux blushed. "Everybody get back to your bussiness" he commanded. And everybody hesitantly obliged. "What the hell was that Ren?" Kylo nuzzled his masked head into the back of Hux's neck. "I love you" he whispered and stroked Hux's neck softly. "Ren, please- i-" Hux sighed "i- love you too, but- stop that- not here, please, its not... Professional..." he whispered back. "Aww come on..." Hux sighed. "Fine, i'll let you hug me and kiss me or whatever later, just not here." Kylo thought about it... He slowly pulled away, fixing the General's greatcoat. "Okay." Chapter 2 : At A Meeting Notes: This chapters gets more OOC i swear each chapter gets more and more OOC (just wait until i post chapter 3 tomorrow and chapter 4 is horrible) Kylo Ren sat bored in a meeting, with his arms on the table and his head on them, lazily playing with his teacup. "I have sketched out a new strategy that might be more efficient than the last." said an officer. "You may speak" replied Hux. "We could travel along the merchandising systems. Nobody will suspect anything there. The Resistance is observant, so we must be wise and make sure they do not spot us in our attempt to-" Ren was completely ignoring everything. One of the servant stormtroopers, ST-1839, aproached him with more tea. "Refill, sir?" she said. Ren let out a sigh and brushed his hair away from his face. "Sure, whatever, got nothing better to do." he replied, while the stormtrooper refilled his cup. He sipped from his tea. Dammit, Ren felt like cuddling up to Hux. Again. The meeting was just so freakin boring. Sitting for three straight hours in a conference room planning strategies was boring. He watched Hux as he listened carefully and swiftly took notes in that perfect writing of his. Hux was very concentraded. He gave opinions every now and then, and he was coming up with one of the best strategies he ever had. He swore the Resistance would not be able to track them dow- Hux squeaked softly as Ren tightly hugged him and smushed his face in his hair. Luckily, no one seemed to notice. "Ren, what did i tell you about public affection?" he whispered, blushing, and Kylo seemed to ignore him. "Your hair smells so... nice... Kinda like honey... and ginger." Ren said, muffled by Hux's hair. "Umm... Ren, get off, somebody's gonna notice." "I noticed." Phasma turned around and whispered, sipping her tea casually. "Ren, keep bothering Hux. He secretly likes it." "Phasma, dont encourage him. Ren, get out of my hair, now. And that's an order." Kylo inhaled the sweet smell of Hux's hair. "No." he pulled Hux closer and nuzzled to him. "Aww, he's like a kitten!" "A very annoying kitten, that is. I apologize for this." Hux slapped Kylo's face away. "OW!" A few officers turned their heads around. "I said i was sorry." Ren rubbed his cheek and slowly sat back down at his chair, shamefully putting on his helmet. Chapter 3 : During Lunch Notes: Kylo is a cat #ConFURmed this chapter. Also i know nothing about Ginger Ale. My apologies. Phasma got her lunch tray full with some space noodles and sat next to Hux, who was eating Imperial Salad. "Why did you slap him?" she asked. "He wouldn't leave otherwise." "You know, you could've just threatened him." Hux shrugged. "Poor Kylo." Phama said, slurping her noodles when she saw Kylo aproach. "Speaking about Kylo..." Ren walked closer, he was drinking some kind of weird soda. "What's that?" Hux asked, motioning to the can. "Ginger ale. It reminds me of you. I mean, Its ginger. in a way. Gingers are cute. Like you" Ren replied, he winked and smiled at Hux. Hux just stared, his right eye twitching. Phasma looked at Ren, then Hux. She burst into laughter. "HAHAHAHA! Why is he annoyed by a compliment?" she raised an eyebrow. "Something about "public affection" he says. Hux's an idiot. But he's MY idiot." Hux blushed furiously. "Oooh... Looks like somebody likes to be called an i-" "SHUSH" Hux slapped Phasma's mouth shut with his hand and gave her a deadly glare. "Hux." Kylo said. "What?" he annoyingly removed his hand from Phasma's mouth. "I want to punch you." "Please don-" "On the lips. Softly." Hux facepalmed. Phasma smirked. "With my mouth." Ren did the thing. Again. Suddenly he was on Hux's shoulders. He nibbled on his ear. "Ren, what the fuck? Did you teleport or something?" Kylo licked Hux's neck. "Mmm... Don't make me slap you again." "Don't slap me, pet me." he hugged Hux. Phasma stared grinning. "No. Stop. You're no cat. Get off me, you are the idiot here." Kylo nuzzled harder. That didn't work. Hux sighed. "Wait... Are you- Are you... PURRING?" "OH MY GOD! I TOLD YOU HE WAS A CAT!" Phasma yelled a bit too loudly to earn a few awkward stares from the nearby tables. "Pet me and i'll stop." "Fine." he petted Kylo's hair twice. So freaking soft. "Done." Kylo stopped purring. "Hey that was barely anything!" "Yea, Hux, unfair." Phasma agreed. "It was SOMETHING!" "...Fine... UuuuUUUghhhh." Kylo pulled away slowly and sat at his chair, pouting. Chapter 4 : During an audition with Snoke Summary: Hux keeps denying Kylo the cat :c Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo ran into the Supreme Leader's meeting room. He was late. Again. Hux turned his head that way. "Well, Ren. It seems as if your alarm was "broken" again." he made air quotes. "What a shame... I wonder why and how could it have possibly suddenly stopped working one day." Ren glared at Hux trough the mask. Hux glared back. Then Snoke interrupted their little staring contest. "Kylo Ren... General Hux... What is the current status of the transporting of Starkiller Base to the regions around Hosnian system?" he asked. "I am sure the Republic and the Resistance have no idea of what's going on. Traveling through the merchants' system was truly a good idea. Though, I must give thanks to Officer Thanisson for the idea and also for coming up with a camouflage device that rends Starkiller invisible. I can assure you, the Resistance will not suspect anything." "If you don't fuck up, that is." Ren, muttered. "*EXCUSE* me?" Hux grit his teeth. "You heard me." Snoke sighed. Immature children. "The chances that i "fuck up" are barely anything compared to my chances of sucess. About one in a million." Hux scoffed. "You KNOW what? YOU would "FUCK UP" WAY more times than i would if YOU were the one leading the situation." For some reason he always turned red when he was mad. It made his freckles stand out. Kylo smiled. "You're cute when you're mad." Snoke internally facepalmed. "REN! WE ARE IN FRONT OF THE SUPREME LEADER! COULD YOU NOT?" he also turned even more british when he was mad. "You should hear your own voice." Kylo chuckled. Hux turned redder. "UGH!" Snoke's hologram disapeared. "LOOK WHAT YOU DID!" "Fuck you, Hux." Ren purred. "Dont start this again..." "Come on, can't I get affection for once in my life?" "In our quarters? Yes! Out of them? NO! Dont you realize what could happen if somebody found out?!" "I don't care what others think of us." "Well i do. Goodbye, Ren." Hux angrily strutted out the room. Damn sexy angry strut. "WAIT!" Notes: Lets see who can guess what happened to make Kylo's alarm break? XP Chapter 5 : In a Corridor Notes: Get ready for the most OOC Kylo in this fic And the last chapter too (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Finally. Hux's day was over and he looked foward to meeting Millicent and getting some rest. "Hux!" He saw Kylo running towards him in the hall. Hux sighed. Annoying Ren. "What?" Kylo hugged him. Just as he expected. It kind of felt nice, too. He nuzzled Hux's cheek. "I love youuuuuu soooooooo muuuuuch." Hux pushed Kylo off. "Yes, Ren. I know. You don't have to repeat it a gazillion times. What's with you so affectionate today?" Kylo blushed. "I want to cuddle." His right hand went down to Hux's waist. "Hug me. Kiss me. Pet me. Call me kitten. Please, just don't deny me anymore." he gave Hux a lustful look. "Look, Ren, i'm sorry, i cant rig-" Kylo gave him a sad kitty look. Dammit. "...Fine." Kylo smiled and went right to kiss Hux... Only to be stopped by Hux's hand. A group of stormtroopers walked past them. "Not here, though. Someone could see us." "Your quarters, then, General?" "Lead the way." Ren took Hux's hand and they both went on their way to Hux's personal quarters for some... Alone time. Notes: I'm sorry Notes: Tumblr: https://kylux-fangirl.tumblr.com/