Failure wasn't an option, Kylo knew with every ounce of himself that it truly wasn't, but as fate might have it he found himself bleeding out onto the snow around him. A failure marked my the wounds scattering his body, inflicted by a simple scavenger that even with all his bravado he couldn't kill. He had failed and would pay the price. After all that had happened it was Hux that found him, and with the help of his stormtroopers carried him onto a cargo ship, that in his state kylo couldn't recognise for the life of him. Kylo was practically useless to the first order now, this much was clear to him as his mangled body was thrown unceremoniously onto the main hangers floor, left alone to tend to his injuries. Hours later he awoke in the med bay, his wounds disinfected and stitched together meticulously. All except that of his face which was covered in some bizarre sort of salve, which Kylo admitted to himself he hoped prevented scarring. Enough time went by for the young man to start hopping that he would just be left alone to heal, so he could regain his power and again be useful to the Order. However as soon as he dared imagine that be the case, a rather exasperated looking Hux barged through the door. Before getting a chance to question the man's presence kylo was delivered with an onslaught "Get up right now, we have been ordered to report immediately to The supreme leader Snoke". Slowly but surely Kylo complied, pulling on his body armour accepting that infact all was lost. Of all the outcomes that Kylo had envisioned over his relatively short stay at the first order, this was the one he wanted the least. He had known that with power came consequence, that much had been shown to him during his stay, but never had Kylo imagined that it would all end with HUX of all people sneering down upon him. When the pair finally reached the "throne room" even Hux showed clear signs of trepidation, his hands shaking lightly still visible no matter how hard Hux tried to conceal this. At Huxs cowardice Kylo couldn't help but bark out a laugh, the generals punishment would be miniscule in comparison with what was to come to Kylo. It was during Kylos outburst that Snokes projection came to life. His dead eyes all but ignored Hux who at that point was snivelling silently in the corner, in favour of putting all the malice and hatred one could conjure up on his apprentice. All in the chamber was quiet till the supreme leader finally found the words to speak "Kylo Ren, my apprentice and renowned knight. You have made the grave mistake of disappointing and disobeying me for the last time. I find your sins against the first order unforgivable and you shall be charged as such." During the supreme leaders speach Kylo had stood silent, but at this point found need to interject. If he didn't, kylo would be condemned to a fate worse than death, one he had not been faced with for many months. "Supreme leader, please allow me the chance to prove myself once more, I will show you that I'm worthy of your forgi-" It was then Kylo was suddenly cut off, a terrible pain wracking his body and forcing him to the ground. Snoke looked on at the scene apparently bored at the effects of his power. Minutes passed before Snoke turned to Hux "Take him away, you will need to inform a select group of the task at hand. I trust you can take care if it?'' At this the hologram flicked off, leaving Hux to escort Kylo to the horror that awaited him.