"Supreme Leader, the fuel cells have ruptured." Hux explained as he walked through the meeting room, dodging falling rocks. "The collapse of the planet has begun." The hologram stared at him for a few seconds before commanding "Leave the base at once and come to me with Kylo Ren." Of course. Hux was going to, anyways. Its not like he would've left Ren for death. He just needed some guidance on the subject. As if reading his mind, the supreme leader answered. "Embark a shuttle. Take a few officers with you. Use the tracker you have emplaced on Ren's belt and find him." Ah yes, the tracker. Hux had insisted Ren wore it after an incident where he got lost on a mission. It was a good idea, after all, no matter how much the Knight protested against it. "Once you have brought him aboard, set a course for coordinates 00271896. Escape the planet. I will have new assignments waiting." "Of course." And with that, Hux did as Snoke had said. -------------- "There! There he is!" he pointed down at the snow. Obediently, the ship's pilot landed and Hux ran down the ramp over to Kylo but then he stopped. "Sir?" an officer asked. "What?" "Do you require assistance to carry Lord Ren aboard?" "No thank you, i am perfectly capable of doing so myself." "Of course, General." Hux rolled his eyes and headed for Kylo. He could see the scavenger girl crying over the traitor on the other side of a huge crack on the planet. Pathetic. Then he looked down at Ren. Pathetic, too. He was lying on the snow and bleeding from his side. He also had a new scar on his face. Probably a lightsaber's fault. Hux brushed a strand of hair away from it. "You're a mess..." he whispered. Then he heard a faint laugh coming from under him. It was Ren. "Im about to die. You're about to die. The planet is about to blow up and thats the first thing you say to me? Do you realize those could be your last words? How romantic." he managed to choke out. "Well, as you know i, indeed, do hate you." "If that is true then why did you come here to rescue me?" "I came here ONLY on the Supreme Leader's orders!" Hux hissed and lifted Kylo into his arms bridal style. "Uhuh. Sure. And?" "What do you mean by 'and'?" Hux walked foward. "You know." "Okay, fine. I wasn't just about to let you die at the hands of a pathetic scavenger" "Really? Thats sweet." Kylo threw his left arm over Hux's shoulders. "Yes, but only because if you'd ever die i'd rather be the one who kills you. I will let absolutely no one else other than me earn the satisfaction of killing you." They walked into the shuttle. "Sure, General." And then, they kissed.