01 - Motion There’s a brutal economy to the way she moves; he can’t keep his eyes off her, even when he should probably be focusing on her weapon. 02 - Cool She is fire and light and warmth, and it has been so long since he stood in the sun 03 - Young Their connection is a fresh thing, easy to sever; he doesn't. 04 - Last Rey can't decide if she's angry their moments of quiet don't last, or relieved. 05 - Wrong His shirt is in tatters and his breath comes hard in his chest; there is blood smeared across his mouth, and she wants . 06 - Gentle Her fingers brush his cheek (he wishes she would scratch instead). 07 - One There will be others from the Light, and he is supposed to care about that (he doesn't). 08 - Thousand “There are so many reasons I shouldn’t be here,” she murmurs, and kisses him. 09 - King “Master of the Knights of Ren,” Snoke murmurs, “and you cannot control yourself around a simple scavenger.” 10 - Learn She won’t have him as a teacher; she is a scavenger, after all, and pilfering his knowledge in bits and pieces suits her far better. 11 - Blur It’s hard to keep her head around him - the things she knows and the things she feels blur together, and keeping her goal in sight becomes that much harder (her lightsaber hisses into his skin anyway). 12 - Wait Waiting for him to return to the Light is a fool’s hope; she has always been good at dragging things. 13 - Change The unexpected part (other than all of it) is that she doesn’t expect him to change. 14 - Command She has spent so long running from him, but when he tells her to leave him, she stays. 15 - Hold The thing is - the thing is, he doesn’t have any hold on her, not really. 16 - Need She will live without him, be better without him; he is the only one between them who needs. 17 - Vision She doesn’t see him in her future - not like this, anyway. 18 - Attention It’s impossible for him to focus when she’s there (it’s impossible for him to focus when she’s not there, but that’s her fault as well) 19 - Soul “You’re only stuck in this place if that’s the choice you keep making,” she pants, and her lightsaber is at his throat and his eyes are wild in the silver light. 20 - Picture She drinks greedily and without thought for his gaze, tipping her head back to get the last drops out of the canteen; he is hungry, he can’t look away. 21 - Fool “This is stupid,” she growls, and kisses him. 22 - Mad She doesn’t exist to soothe his rage (she doesn’t exist for him at all). 23 - Child There is so much uncertainty in him, and he cannot tell if it starts with her or ends there. 24 - Now They meet again and again, and whether they kiss or try to kill each other, there is never any future in it. 25 - Shadow A part of her wants to blame her darkness on him, but isn’t that impulse its own shadow? 26 - Goodbye “I’m not sorry,” she whispers; his fingers brush her face, and he dies with her lightsaber between his ribs. 27 - Hide He begins to wear the mask around her again (it can’t keep her out). 28 - Fortune “I wasn’t meant for anything,” she spits at him, because Rey doesn’t run away from her choices. 29 - Safe She has come closer to killing him than most, and he has never felt safer 30 - Ghost He hadn’t been sure, somehow, if he was really still alive (not until the bite of his own lightsaber in her hands had woken him up) 31 - Book He had thought her easily read; it is becoming uncomfortably clear to him that he may have made himself open to her instead. 32 - Eye “You nearly lost it,” she murmurs, and he has to bite his tongue against the sound that wants to escape him at the touch of her fingers on his face. 33 - Never It won’t happen again, Rey promises herself, and burns the slow clench of his hands on her hips from her mind. 34 - Sing Except it does, and it shouldn’t , but her breath comes quick in her chest and her blood sings in her veins with the slick slide of skin on skin and-- 35 - Stop She’s not alone. 36 - Sudden The effect of her is electrifying; his whole being is struck by Rey, and there’s no returning to a life without her. 37 - Time “You deserve to die,” she snarls, and doesn’t kill him this time either. 38 - Wash Muscle shifts under the long stretch of scarred skin as he washes, and Rey (cheeks red) decides he’s far too pale (she doesn’t turn her back though, that would be a tactical error). 39 - Torn She tells herself she doesn’t love him, but she can’t seem to let him go. 40 - History She is no one; maybe that’s how she became everything. 41 - Power There is a rawness to the way she uses the Force; he recognises it. 42 - Bother He’s like a mosquito in her mind, buzz buzz buzz (but she doesn’t like the silence). 43 - God He would kneel before her, he would press his forehead to her feet; he would curl his fingers into the dirt and beg for absolution when he has not asked it from any other-- 44 - Wall They hit the harsh stone of the temple together and it’s pure luck that gives him the upper hand, his mouth at her throat, her hands tangling in his hair. 45 - Naked He doesn’t know what he is, without the Dark Side (he suspects it might be nothing) 46 - Drive “You didn’t fight for anything, let alone try to get stronger - you were weak .” 47 - Harm “You gave in,” and if she’s crying, it’s his pain that echoes through the Force bond. 48 - Precious She can’t trace how it happened, but he means something to her, in the end. 49 - Hunger There are three ways this ends (him dead, her Dark, him something new entirely) and he doesn’t know which he wants most (other than her) 50 - Believe “Try harder,” she says, and tosses the smoking wreckage of his lightsaber at his feet. he wants to.