Introduction What are you doing. Can't anyone hear me? Help! Somebody! Anybody! Please! That was all I could remember before blacking out. Being dragged and thrown into a crate by storm troopers I got knocked out. I wake up and I'm no longer in the crate. I'm in a room with black metallic walls with red tapestries hanging down. The bed I lie on is large. The blanket is soft and black. The pillows have red cases with black and gold embroidery on them. The headboard is wooden with beautiful carvings on them. I look down at my clothes and notice they aren't the dark grey tunic and pants but instead a dark black dress with a red sash wrapped around the middle. My sandals are replaced with ruby red slippers with small black bows on them. I get off the bed and head to the door to the left. Inside I find a small bathroom. Over the sink is a tall, thin mirror. Looking in the mirror I see that my messy (color) hair has been tamed into side braid tied with red silk ribbon. My dirty face has been washed and my soft features show. Red washcloths hang next to the metallic sink. The bath tub against the other wall is very big. Big enough for two people maybe three. Black towels are neatly folded on a nearby shelf. The shelf has other things aswell. Deodorant, shampoo, conditioner, soap, toothbrush and toothpaste, razors and shaving cream, and various other toiletries. I exit the bathroom and hear a knock at the door to my right and open it. A redhead man stands in the doorway and steps inside the room. “Hello miss (l/n). I'm general hux,” the man says. “You might be wondering why you're here.” I nod, “well you've been selected out of thousands to be the personal servant to Kylo ren.” “What does that mean” I ask, wondering why I got selected out of everyone else. “You must cater to his needs. No matter what they are. He wants food. You make him a meal. He wants you to bathe him. You start a bath. No matter what you must do it. This is your chambers. His are next door. This is a private wing so you it's just you and him.”