Chapter One This wasn't what Mitaka had expected. It was supposed to be a simple, painless report on the status of the BB-8 droid. He hadn't anticipated Ren taking out his anger on him - and he definitely hadn't expected to get a first hand experience with the force. He was still gasping for breath as he stumbled out of the room, and his eyes were blurred with tears. He leaned against the wall right outside the door, and slid down in a rather pathetic manner. He tried to pull himself together, but to no avail. He wasn't sure how long he sat there like that, sobbing like a child. He didn't even bother to move until he heard the distinct sound of a pair of boots making their way down the hall. "Mitaka?" Wearily, Mitaka looked up - only to quickly look back down. "Thanisson." He didn't quite succeed at keeping his voice steady. In a single fluid movement, Thanisson was down on the ground next to Mitaka. "Are you alright? What happened?" After taking a few shaky breaths, Mitaka looked back up at him. He opened his mouth as though to speak, but he didn't actually say anything. Thanisson stood up and held his hand out to Mitaka. Shakily, Mitaka got up and was immediately pulled into a hug. Thanisson gently reached up and stroked his hair. "Hey. It'll be okay." Mitaka just whimpered in response. Thanisson grabbed his hand. "I'll take you to my quarters. There's probably a medkit in there." This time, Mitaka nodded slightly. Thanisson grabbed his hand and started leading him towards his quarters, and he couldn't help but notice how shaky Mitaka was, couldn't help but notice how his hands kept twitching to his throat. He couldn't imagine what had happened, and he wasn't quite sure he wanted to find out. It was a short walk to his quarters. When they got there, Thanisson opened the door and led Mitaka to his bed. Carefully, he moved the collar of Mitaka's uniform down. He visibly cringed when he saw the fresh bruises across his neck. "Mitaka... What happened?" Mitaka just lowered his head, seemingly in shame. "If you don't want to talk about it you don't have to." When Mitaka didn't respond, Thanisson continued. "Do you need anything?" "Just don't leave. Please." His voice sounded hoarse. Thanisson was a bit startled when he spoke, but he managed to keep his voice steady. "Yes, of course." Thanisson then sat down next to Mitaka, trying to think of what he could possibly do. Before he could do anything, though, Mitaka had laid his head in his lap. Thanisson idly placed his hand on Mitaka's head in an attempt to comfort him, his mind elsewhere. It wasn't like he knew Mitaka very well - their prior relationship only went as far as saying the occasional "hello" when they passed by each other in the hallways of the ship, sometimes exchanging conversations over a cup of caf in the mess hall, but now he was consoling him like they've known each other for a long while. As Thanisson began to softly run his fingers through Mitaka's hair, he was surprised to find that it was fluffier than expected. Whenever he saw him, he always kept his hair slicked back with gel - now that he really thought about it, it would have to be a strong type to keep Mitaka's curls in order. If it wasn't for the strict guidelines imposed by regulation, Thanisson would suggest that Mitaka keep his natural hairstyle. It suited him better. At this point, Mitaka had stopped crying, but he still shook every now and then and was visibly upset from his encounter with their Commander. In this state, Thanisson wondered if Mitaka should even stay with the Order. It had clearly hurt him, not just physically, but emotionally. He recalled noticing how Mitaka looked whenever he saw him - he could hold his head high and would follow the General's orders without hesitation, but his eyes always looked sad, like he was on the verge of tears. Like he could just break down at any moment. Thanisson ran a hand through his own hair and sighed. He continued to stroke Mitaka's hair with the other, and the two sat on the bed in silence for a while, wrapped up in their own little world, that was free from Ren and the Order. He was silent a few moments more, still thinking about Mitaka's well being, before coming to the conclusion that keeping him here would not be acceptable. "Hey. Mitaka." Mitaka looked up at him, indicating that he was listening. "I'd run away with you, you know." At this, Mitaka nearly fell out of Thanisson's lap. "Thanisson... That. That would be impossible." "No it wouldn't. We could steal a TIE Fighter, like the traitor and prisoner did. It wouldn't be that difficult for me to access the hangar." Mitaka was quiet for a few minutes. Thanisson was just starting to worry when Mitaka spoke up: "I... I'd run away with you, too." Thanisson then quickly helped him up, his expression something that might have been a smile. He grabbed Mitaka's hand, and off they were, half running through the long corridors of the ship. At this point, Mitaka was beginning to have his doubts. He wasn't sure how Thanisson planned on getting a fighter, or where he planned on going. All he knew was that he had to trust him. But for whatever reason, whether it be his impaired judgement from being choked or his naive nature, Mitaka found it easy to trust him. Surprisingly, Mitaka didn't find himself too worried, even when they arrived at the hangar. They both walked quickly, still hand in hand, and carefully made their way towards the nearest ship. It was a wonder no one had noticed them yet; a wonder Mitaka hoped would last. As quietly as possible, Thanisson ducked into the entry hatch of the TIE Fighter, then helped Mitaka in. With shaky but skilled fingers, Thanisson brought the ship to life. He was growing more confident now - he was fairly familiar with the fighter and it's controls. Things were going smoothly, even; that is, until the alarms started going off. Mitaka looked at Thanisson with a bewildered expression, but did not find comfort in the equally startled look on his face. Thanisson couldn't help but think back to when the traitor and prisoner had escaped and blew up the control room. He shuddered a bit, but moved on. He didn't have time to reflect on the past, at least not at the moment. Working much more quickly, Thanisson hit a couple more buttons, and they were off. Thanisson thought he heard a few shots from behind them, but he ignored it. Just a few more seconds, and they'd be able to jump to lightspeed. A few breathless moments later, with the help of some talented flying on Thanisson's part, they had gotten out - and so their fates were sealed. Chapter 2 : Chapter Two Thanisson stared out into the rain. They'd been here - Arkanis - for a few days now. Through it all, they'd managed to get away, but it was all kind of blurry to Thanisson, and he was beginning to feel a bit uncertain about their decision. He had decided that Arkanis would be best, and so that's where they went. Mitaka had questioned why here, of all places, and Thanisson had answered: "Hux would never think to come here. It's where he grew up, plus it's in the Outer Rim." Mitaka did not ask how Thanisson knew this, and perhaps that was what worried Thanisson most of all - Mitaka's helplessness and blind trust. He knew Mitaka was not an idiot - he was a lieutenant, after all - but he seemed so weak and dependant on his guidance. Thanisson was still reflecting on all this, still grasping for a solution. The whole dynamic of the situation made him feel a bit guilty. Maybe it would have been best to just take Mitaka to the Medbay. And if they got caught, well... Mitaka's experience with Kylo Ren would seem irrelevant. So these were his thoughts as he stared blankly out into the rain. He glanced around, trying to think of something else, anything else, when he noticed Mitaka sitting quietly beside him. Looking at him, it suddenly registered that even though they had run away together, he didn't really know that much about Mitaka. Hell, he didn't even know his first name. “You know, I just realized something - I’ve known you for all this time, but I never got your name. Your first name, I mean.” Mitaka turned his head towards Thanisson. “Dopheld. It’s Dopheld.” Mitaka paused for a moment, and looked away before continuing. “I know, it’s a rather unusual name. I never really liked it growing up, but-” “I like it,” Thanisson interrupted. “I think it’s a lovely name. It’s unique as well,” he said, trailing off. “What's yours?” Mitaka asked curiously. “Hendrick. Hendrick Thanisson III.” Thanisson replied. There was a hint of bitterness in his voice. Mitaka tilts his head slightly. “The third? Were you named after someone?” Thanisson sighed and rested his head in his hand. “I was named after my father, who was named after his. It’s… a sort of tradition, I suppose. To raise the son in their father’s image so he can take the role after the predecessor retires.” Mitaka shifted around briefly so he could properly face Thanisson. “What sort of role?” Thanisson pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed deeply. “Both my father and grandfather were high-ranking officers within the First Order and the old Empire. They told me that my name was important as it signifies someone who is destined to rule. They wanted me to follow in their footsteps, so took up military training as a cadet and worked my way through the ranks until I graduated and was stationed to work as an officer on the Finalizer.” Thanisson paused for a moment, trying to remember all of the details. He quickly ran a hand through his hair, and then continued. “I wanted to make my father proud, so I did everything I could to live up to my name. I was ruthless at the cadet academy, and I worked non-stop to get to the rank I was at. I thought that I had to throw everyone else aside to earn respect and make a name for myself. Until I met you, and, I don’t know, it changed something. You were always so nice to all of your superior officers, and to people like me who were below you. I didn’t understand it at first, but after a while, I realized something. I didn’t have to be a carbon copy of my father. I didn’t have to be this brutal soldier who only cared about himself, and you helped me to realize that. Thank you, Dopheld.” Mitaka’s eyes widened, and he smiled. “You’re very welcome.” Thanisson smiled back, but then turned his gaze to the entrance of the shelter. “I only wish I wasn’t tied to my father through my name. I don’t want to be remembered as a Hendrick.” Mitaka pondered what Thanisson told him for a moment, before placing a gentle hand on his shoulder. “You know, you don’t have to be if you don’t want to. We’re no longer tied to the First Order out here. You can choose who you want to be.” “I suppose so.” “You don’t look like a Hendrick, anyways. I think Henry would suit you better.” “Henry?” “It’s the only thing I could think of. I’m sorry, I’ve never been good with names-“ “I-It’s fine, I like it…” Thanisson stammered, giving Mitaka an awkward smile. Mitaka smiled back, a faint rose tinge spreading across his cheeks. “Thank you, Henry.” It was quiet after that, but Thanisson felt a little bit better. That was the most Mitaka had talked since he'd found him in the corridor. * When Thanisson woke up the next morning, the first thing he noticed was that it wasn't raining. That was a pleasant surprise. The second thing he noticed was not so pleasant: Mitaka was not in the shelter. In a state of mild panic, he scrambled outside - and much to his relief, saw Mitaka. "Dopheld, what are you doing?" For whatever reason, Mitaka was attempting to start a fire. "I'm /burning/ these things." He gestured to their hats. "May I ask why?" "We're not a part of the First Order anymore. We have to detach ourselves from it." Thanisson stared at him for a moment. "I suppose you're right." Mitaka stood up straight as the fire finally caught. He threw his hat in with a look that might of been satisfaction, then turned to Thanisson. "You have to burn your own hat." Mitaka handed it to him. Thanisson did not object. He took the hat, and threw it in. They sat there in silence, watching the fire burn. It started to rain again, but Mitaka just stood there, watching the pile. "Dopheld." Mitaka looked over at Thanisson. "We've cut the ties - we're free, now." Mitaka nodded. "Yeah," he said with a faint smile. "I guess we are." He paused. "But what now?" "We continue on our way, continue living." This time Mitaka gave him a genuine smile. "Alright. We'll continue living."