Everything Is Going To Be Just Fine The Church had been his last option: Han had threatened to cut him off from the family if he didn't “clean up his act,” so here he was. While Kylo would have loved to leave that house and never have to deal with his family again, he knew it would be Hell on Earth if he were cut off financially. He had worked part time as a bus boy at several diners, but it wouldn't be enough to support himself if Han and Leia stopped sending him money every month. Becoming a priest seemed like the perfect opportunity. He would have a place to live, food, clothes, and he would be paid a decent salary. And for what? Reading out of a book every other Sunday, manning the confessional booth, and occasionally going to read old dying folks their last rites. It seemed like the best option. Sure, he had to cover his tattoos, remove any visible piercings, and tie back his hair. And yeah, he had to stop drinking heavily and going to parties and fucking (or being fucked by) strange men in grimy bathroom stalls. And he had to go to a special school to receive a priest's education. So maybe it wasn't the best option, but it was better than being shipped off to the military like his father wanted. And he found, after finally graduating, that there was...a certain comfort in this. He hadn't expected to feel as good as he did after helping the people he did in his volunteer work. It was strange. He found himself reading – no, re -reading – the Bible before bed, or during his free time in between classes. Personally, he had never really liked the Bible in terms of reading it as a religious text; it seemed much more interesting to read it simply as a collection of fictional stories. He was surprised when he began to think of passages in his daily life, and found a strange comfort in applying them to stressful situations. He was beginning to think that maybe he really could be a priest, and that maybe he could actually enjoy it. There was a strange sense of pride when he was assigned his first position as priest in the local church. He had done it. It had started as a desperate attempt not to get cut off financially and to not get shipped away, but there was something else to it now. He'd found meaning in the texts and a purpose in his life; he felt now that he really was more than a just bus boy with little self control. Until his first sermon. It was a perfect day in mid June: the sky was clear and it was a balmy 75 degrees out, and Kylo had taken that as a sign that everything was going to be okay. He stood outside of the church and watched as people passed him by; he smiled and welcomed them, hands folded in front as he thumbed nervously at the beads of his rosary. He could feel the weight of his pocket Bible in his robes and he had everything prepared. Everything was going just fine. Everything was going to be just fine. He wasn't entirely sure what it was about the man that caught his attention. Several other red heads had passed him by and he'd paid them just as much attention as he had everybody else. Maybe it was the fact that he was obviously alone among the throngs of families and couples. Or the way he walked, with his chin held up and his eyes – Kylo could see they were a stunning green even from a distance – focused straight ahead rather than at the ground. Or maybe it was his face, with his pronounced cheekbones and plush lips and – “Good morning, Father.” Kylo blinked and there he was. Standing in front of him, just a couple inches shorter and quite slight in build. His eyes were as green as he thought they were, and his lashes orange, just like his hair. Boy, his hair was orange. Kylo wondered briefly if he dyed it to get it that vibrant. He swallowed, shifting on his feet. “Good morning. It's a beautiful day already, isn't it?” The man's eyes flicked over Kylo's form. “Yes, beautiful. I take it you're a newly ordained priest? I haven't seen you around this church before.” Kylo smiled briefly at a passing elderly couple before returning his attention to the red head. “Yes, I am...and this is my first time giving a sermon.” “Are you nervous?” “A bit.” The man's gaze was intense, and Kylo felt his hands tighten on the rosary. He fought the urge to break eye contact; there was something in the other man's eyes that kept him from looking away. “Well, I'm sure you will be just splendid.” He started to move to walk away, and before he could stop himself Kylo found his hand wrapped around the man's bicep. “Excuse me, do you mind if I ask your name?” The man's eyes flitted down to Kylo's hand, which nearly did wrap around the circumference of his arm. “Not at all.” When he looked back up at Kylo, the other suppressed the shiver threatening to wrack his spine. “Hux. You can call me Hux.” Kylo nodded, releasing Hux's arm a bit more abruptly than he meant to. “Thank you, um...Hux.” “Of course.” He watched as Hux gave him a final nod before making his way into the church. Most everybody was inside, save for Kylo and a few stragglers. He took a deep breath, wiped his hands on his robes, and turned to follow. Everything is going to be just fine. - Kylo was still breathing heavily as he shut the door to his quarters as gently as he could. He immediately began to disrobe, his skin feeling far too hot beneath the layers. His undershirt snagged on one of his nipple piercings and he hissed. He knew he wasn't supposed to still have them but they were never seen, so there couldn't be any harm in them being his little secret. Moving to the small bathroom, he snapped on the water, immediately splashing his face and dragging his hands over his neck to wash away the make up he had used to cover the tattoos that would show above his collar. He then moved to his arms, scrubbing almost viciously at the make up there as well. Tears pricked the corners of his eyes and he stopped every now and again to wipe them away before continuing to clean himself. Finally he stopped, leaning over the counter with his head down and his hands gripping the edge of the sink. He stayed there for several minutes, trying to steady his breathing and to will away the heat that had built in his lower belly. Eyes closed, he reached hesitantly down, grazing his hands over his briefs. He let out a whimper when he felt his erection, still pressing as insistently against the fabric as it had been when...when Hux had.... He moaned, walking out of the bathroom to flop back onto the bed. He lay there, staring at the ceiling and trying to think of anything but how desperately he wanted to touch himself. To just get off and stop this horrible feeling. It was wrong, it was so wrong, he shouldn't feel this way; he was a priest and priests were better than this. Priests were above this. He had left this shit behind in his old life. It had been a touch. That was it. That was all it took to apparently set Kylo's dick straight to attention....Though it had been years since he'd been touched in any remotely intimate way. Hux had been watching him intently the entire sermon. As soon as he had stepped up to the podium, Kylo saw him: that bright orange hair stood out like a beacon. His throat had tightened when he made eye contact with him, but he took a deep breath and began to speak anyways. It went as well as he had hoped. He stumbled every now and again, would apologize, and smile shyly when people would laugh at his poking fun at himself. Pretty soon he fell into a steady rhythm, the words flowing more freely and the waver fading from his voice. Every now and again he would glance at Hux, and feel his heart skip a beat. Everyone was watching him, yes, but there was something different in the way the ginger was. Even from a distance Kylo could see that the look in his eyes was out of place among the other churchgoers. He would tilt his head slightly and that was all it took for Kylo to look away, the lightest of flushes creeping up above his collar. When he finally finished, a wave of relief coursed through Kylo. He stood off to the side of the door once again, bidding people farewell and thanking them for their time and donations. Many of them congratulated him, saying they couldn't wait for next week and hearing him again. Everything was going to be just fine. Nearly everybody had left the church, and Kylo watched the last of them leave with a small smile threatening to break out on his face. Once the church doors had shut, he let himself smile, heaving out a relieved sigh. The smile faded as he turned to make his way to the podium to gather his papers and close the Bible that rested there. Still sitting in the same spot he had been the entire time was Hux. He was facing away from Kylo, head turned up to look at the stained glass windows to his left. Swallowing, Kylo gripped his rosary harder and began to make his way over. “Is there anything I can help you with?” he managed once he was standing just a few feet away. Hux continued to stare for several more seconds before finally turning to look at Kylo. He stood rather abruptly, and the priest moved back a step despite himself. “I was just thinking, is all.” “Do you mind if I ask about...what? You looked rather deep in thought.” “Nothing really. Just you.” Kylo shifted, feeling his heart rate pick up. “Me?” “Yes. Do you have tattoos all over your body or just on your arms and neck?” “Excuse me?” Hux stepped forward, and Kylo willed himself not to move, watching as the man brought his thumb to his mouth and sucked it for a moment, his lips an absolutely sinful sight as they puckered around the digit. Then he reached out and swiped it across Kylo's neck, just above his collar. When he brought it back to examine, he nodded. Holding it out to show Kylo, the priest saw the smudge of make up on the pad. “Your foundation isn't the same shade as your skin, I'm afraid. Close, but not quite. I can see it on your wrists as well.” There was a flush across his cheeks now, he could feel them burning. “Really?” he said, his voice barely cracking. How fucking embarrassing. Hux nodded again, wiping his thumb against his other palm. “I doubt anyone else noticed.” “Just you.” His head was down, but the green eyes flicked up, the orange of his lashes contrasting rather nicely against them. “What do you...do, if you don't mind me asking?” Kylo murmured, wringing his hands together. “I'm a surgeon.” “Oh.” Somehow, he could see Hux in that line of work. “Plastic.” “I'm sorry?” “Plastic surgery. I work mostly with medical emergencies – reconstructive surgery, burn victims and such. But I also do more aesthetic cosmetic work.” “Oh. That's interesting. Your family must be proud of you for taking that on; it's a well paying job.” He wondered vaguely if Han and Leia would be proud if he had become a surgeon instead. Hux snorted. “My father was livid when I told him I was changing from training to be a cardiothoracic surgeon. He hates the idea of plastic surgery. The salary did ease him a bit, though.” There was silence between them, and Kylo found himself admiring Hux's face again. The line of his jaw, the hollows of his cheeks, his very soft looking lips. He couldn't get the image of them sucking on his thumb out of his head. For a split second he wondered how they would look sucking on- “Well, I don't want to keep you from your...priestly duties,” the ginger finally said. He put his hand out. “It was a pleasure speaking with you.” Kylo swallowed and slowly reached out to take the other's hand. Hux's hands were by no means small, but in comparison to Kylo's rather large ones, they did appear to be. “Kylo.” “Sorry?” “My name. I know I introduced myself to the church as Ben Solo at the beginning of the sermon, but...I prefer the name Kylo. Kylo Ren.” “Kylo Ren.” Their hands were still clasped, and Kylo felt his chest tighten at the way Hux repeated his name: carefully, softly, like he was judging the taste of it on his tongue like some kind of fine wine. “Well, Ren, I do hope we meet again. Perhaps before your next sermon?” When Hux pulled his hand away, Kylo could have sworn he swept his thumb over the thin, sensitive skin of his wrist. He suppressed the urge to shiver, and to pull Hux's hand tighter in his, to pull more intimate touches from him. “Maybe.” Stepping back, Kylo dropped his head as Hux passed him. He could feel that his face was hot, and that there was a heat pooling somewhere beneath his abdomen. Not good. “Actually...do you drink at all, by chance?” Kylo's head snapped up to see that Hux had turned back to face him. “I...yes. On occasion.” He thought briefly to before he became a priest, before he began his schooling. For him, “on occasion” had been nearly every night. He wasn't an alcoholic, but it hadn't necessarily been a healthy habit. Hux's lip turned up just slightly. “Would you care to join me? Not tonight, as I'm sure you have your own plans, but perhaps another evening? I would be interested to hear your story about becoming a priest.” Licking his lips, Kylo ducked his head again. “I'm flattered. Would...would Friday be all right?” “Friday? I'm sure I can work you into my schedule.” Kylo looked up at the sound of shuffling fabric, and saw that Hux was writing something on a small slip of paper. When he finally handed it to Kylo, he saw that it was a business card. “Turn it over, that's my personal number. I'd rather you text than call, as I may or may not be in surgery when you do.” Kylo's thumb rubbed over the writing, a bit slanted and a mix of cursive and print. It fit Hux. “You do have a cell phone, yes?” “Yeah, I have one. I might be a priest but I don't deprive myself of everything. ” Hux smirked, and Kylo looked away as he gave him a once-over again, as he had in front of the church. “I'm sure you don't. Until next time.” As he watched Hux walk towards the exit, he couldn't help but wonder what he was like. In daily life, at the grocery store...in consultations...in surgery, medical tools in hand...in bed, after several drinks and with his ass on display... The sound of the church doors slamming jerked Kylo from his thoughts, and he felt mortified when he realized one of his hands had drifted over his groin. He knew he was hard, had felt himself becoming so after Hux touched his wrist, and especially so when the man asked him out for drinks. And now here he was, lying on his back in his room, willing himself not to give in to sliding his hand past his briefs. To not rub his hand over his length, to wrap his hand around it as he imagined Hux might, lids heavy from drinking and his lips reddened from Kylo sucking on them – He let out an exasperated moan, one hand dragging his briefs down while the other pulled at himself. God, it felt good. He hadn't touched himself in...in so long; to be honest, he hadn't felt so sexually attracted to anyone like this in a very long time. Any time he felt the urge, he would jump straight into the nearest shower and blast himself with icy water, or he would whip a belt against his back, hoping the pain would drive away the need. He was sure if he tried to use a belt on himself now his depraved mind would go straight to Hux, and he would be even worse off. His jerks were becoming erratic, and it wasn't long before he finished, back arching off of the bed as a filthy sound passed his lips. It had been so long, and all it had taken was a touch. A touch, a few choice looks, and the invitation to drink. Basically the same routine that had been so much a part of his social life before becoming a priest. Eyes closed, Kylo took several minutes to let himself calm down, hand still wrapped around his softened cock. He could feel his cum on his stomach and chest, and as much as he wanted to feel guilty, he found that the high from his orgasm was just enough to outweigh any of that. Sighing, he sat up, frowning at the feeling of the dried fluid on his front. Once he was up he searched through the pile of his robes until he found what he was looking for. Flipping the business card over, he skimmed his thumb over the lettering again. So elegant. He stood there for another minute or so, just reading the number over and over in his mind. Finally, he walked over to his desk and picked up his cell phone. Opening up the messaging app, he quickly tapped out a message and added Hux to his contacts. Its kylo. Let me know if friday still works for you. He paused before hesitantly typing out unless tonight is better since I assume youre busy during the week. I dont have any plans but I dont want to bother you if youre busy. Setting the phone down, he quickly reached for some clean clothes and a towel. The dried cum on his stomach was beginning to bother him. He hadn't felt so dirty since his first year in schooling to become a priest. He hadn't calmed down with his life outside of the school until his second year. Many of the men he'd been with in his first year had gotten a bit of a kick out of the idea of him becoming a priest. After showering briefly and scrubbing himself clean in the tiny shower cell, he stepped out. A glance at his phone showed that he had one new notification; he couldn't help but bite his lip as he opened it. I was concerned that you would be the busy one tonight; I'm glad to see that you're not. Thank you for being considerate in asking. Meet me at the following address at 9. Kylo allowed himself a small smile as he waited. He could see that Hux was typing, the little ellipse bubble pulsing next to his name. When the message finally came through, he let out a breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding. He recognized the address as a fairly relaxed bar on the other end of the town; he used to be a frequent customer. A very frequent customer, although he probably spent more time fucking in the bathroom than he did sitting at the bar. All right, see you there and thanks for taking the time to see me. See me? Meet with me? Take me out? Kylo winced at his wording but it was too late – the text had been sent and Hux was already replying. No worries, it's my pleasure. Chapter 2 : Cheers Summary: Kylo gets ready to go see Hux, gets totally smashed at the bar with another man, and then fucks Hux in the bathroom. Notes: sorry for such a long wait, there were many technical difficulties but here we are! enjoi (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo couldn't remember the last time he had spent so long preparing himself for a social outing. Even though he had scrubbed himself clean in the shower, after an intense work out session in an attempt to calm his nerves he was in need of another. Physical workouts had always been his go to way of de-stressing, and he couldn't help but notice that he hadn't actually felt the need to exercise intensively in months. Before becoming a priest, he would occasionally substitute a work out with a hook up – after all, a good fuck was its own kind of work out. He spent a long time in the shower, probably longer than he really needed to. Special attention was paid to his hair, with a prolonged shampooing and a little more conditioning than was strictly necessary. After a brief mental debate, he decided it wouldn't hurt to pay some attention to certain other areas of his body. After all, he was quite sure that there was more to this meeting than just a few casual drinks. He hadn't hooked up with anybody in quite a while, but that didn't mean he lost the ability to pick up on certain social cues. And Hux had been giving off quite a few cues Kylo was all too familiar with. He also couldn't remember the last time he spent so long trying to find clothes to wear. It felt like hours before he finally decided on a plain black t-shirt, jeans, and an old leather jacket (he tried not to think about how it was a gift from Han). By the time he had finished getting ready, there were still hours left. He paced around his room, chewing at his thumb and trying to lessen the tension in his muscles, only to tense up again after every glance at the clock. He gave up on pacing eventually, instead opting to flop back onto the bed and stare at the ceiling. He hadn't meant to fall asleep, and he certainly didn't mean to dream about Hux. He especially didn't mean to dream about fucking Hux in front of the display in the main hall of the church. With people watching. With God watching. That’s what makes it fun , the Hux in his dream had said, whispering raggedly into his ear while his nails dug into Kylo’s shoulders and he moaned. God loves a good show, and so do they. Hux’s nails raked down his back while his spine arched, and dream Kylo’s hips snapped against his with a renewed fervor. If he turned to his left he could see the people, just black silhouettes, and if he turned to the right there was Jesus Christ, gazing sadly down at him from his cross on the wall while he pumped Hux’s cock in one hand and fucked him in the ass. Don’t apologize , Hux was saying, and one of his hands reached up to pull at Kylo’s hair. He hadn’t even realized it, but he’d been muttering under his breath as he fucked him, over and over again. Ignosce mihi ignosce mihi ignosce mihi God loves a good show. Dream Kylo had come with a groan, leaning down to sink his teeth in Hux’s shoulders as he spilled into him, pressed all the way in to the hilt. Seconds later reality Kylo woke, jerking to and panting. He immediately sat up, hands rushing to his crotch - nothing. God bless. Turning to his nightstand, he looked to the clock: 7:48 p.m. He had time, he was safe. Relaxing, he let his head fall forward into his hands. What was it about this Hux that made him so weak? Sure, he had gotten around fairly easily before and he wasn’t terribly picky about who he fucked or who fucked him, but this...this was ridiculous. There had to be a reason. There’s always a reason. He sighed, standing and adjusting his jacket. He still had over an hour to meet Hux, but it wouldn’t hurt to show up early - besides, maybe if he got a few drinks in him things would go more smoothly. The walk to the bus stop was short, and he chose to stand in case someone else needed to sit. Holding onto the ceiling handle, he stared out the window, watching as buildings passed and the sky darkened. The street lights would be turned on soon, and the town would have that almost city-like orange glow. Orange. A similar shade to Hux’s hair, but not quite it. Kylo was finding himself imagining what Hux’s hair would feel like between his fingers when the bus rolled to a stop. He wasn’t sure it was quite his own stop yet but he departed regardless, thinking it best that he leave the bus before anyone noticed his flush or - God forbid - recognized him from church and decide to engage in conversation. Thankfully, it was only a ten minute walk to the bar. The air was starting to achieve that distinct night scent, and he breathed deeply, willing himself to calm. He hated that he was getting so worked up over a simple invitation for drinks. Had it really been so long? Pushing open the door to the building, he was immediately greeted by the welcoming sound of slow jukebox tunes and the scent of cigarettes and cigar smoke. He breathed in deeply; it was quite a change from the clean night air outside but this had a nostalgic feel to it, throwing him back to his days before becoming a priest. A few people glanced at him when he walked by, but probably more out of interest at the unusually large shadow passing over them than any actual recognition of who he was. The overall room was dimly lit, but the bar had strings of gold lights hanging over the large wall of assorted liquors, and the bottles reflected them with small points of light. The same as it had years ago, he was pleased to see. “What can I get you?” The bartender was new, unfortunately. Kylo had liked the old one, a small man in his seventies who never judged him for always getting skunk drunk and then slipping into the bathroom with whoever caught his interest that night. He would sometimes look disapprovingly at Kylo while he slurred that he’d be right back, but that was that. Never a single condescending or reprimanding word. Kylo wondered vaguely if he were still alive and just retired, or if he had passed away already. “Just a hard cider, if you have any,” Kylo said, sliding onto the stool. He could feel a low ache at the thought of drinking, and part of him wanted to get straight to it and order something stronger - but it wouldn’t be any fun if he were drunk by the time Hux arrived. “Actually, two bottles.” The bartender fished around before pulling up two slim bottles of Angry Orchard. He popped the top of one and slid them to Kylo, who just nodded his thanks. He paused with the drink against his lips, fingers tightening around the body of the bottle. When he finally tipped it back and felt it slide down his throat, he nearly moaned at the all too familiar warmth that spread in his chest. He hadn’t had a hard drink in years. The first bottle was downed more quickly than he’d intended, so he paced himself with the second, instead focusing his attention on one of the TV screens overhead. It was a soccer game, the US against some team he didn’t recognize. It wasn’t long before he’d finished the second and flagged down the bartender for more. He was on the fourth bottle and feeling tipsy and warm when someone slid onto the stool beside him. He looked over, expecting a red shock of hair, only to be greeted with a man nearly his size in height but much broader. He was all muscle and his hair was dark and wavy, slicked back against his head with a little too much oil. He was watching Kylo, and the priest shifted on his seat. “Can I help you?” The words felt a little thick on his tongue. At one point he’d built up quite the tolerance for alcohol, but it had been quite some time and he was more than happy to let himself get loose quick. “You look like you should be drinking something stronger,” the man said. “A big guy like you.” Kylo swallowed, clearing his throat. “I haven’t had a drink in a while.” “Even better.” The man looked to the bartender and motioned. “Bring us a bottle of vodka and some shot glasses,” he said once the man walked over. “I’m actually waiting for someone -” “Then I’ll keep you company until they get here.” Kylo watched as the man poured them a round, the clear liquid sloshing into the glass and a few drops landing on the bar. A glass was pushed towards him and he took it carefully between his fingers. It was such a small amount, so it wouldn’t be that bad to just have a few. “Cheers.” *** Someone had changed the album selected on the jukebox, and it was no longer slow and eerie as it had been before. Kylo didn’t recognize the song, but his foot tapped to the beat against one of the rungs of the bar stool and he hummed along in between the shots of vodka. If he’d been tipsy before he was absolutely smashed now, a steady pulse in the back of his head anytime he moved. “Aren’t you having fun.” It was the man that had invited himself into Kylo’s space. But Kylo didn’t mind, he felt totally loose and he was just glad the man hadn’t recognized him as being the new priest. That would be embarrassing. “Mmm-hm.” He’d had to take off his leather jacket a few minutes before: the room was far too warm now and he was too warm and despite all of that he was suddenly curious to the fact of how warm the man’s body would be against his. “You’ve got a decent amount of ink on you,” the man said, reaching out and trailing a large hand up Kylo’s arm and his sleeve of tattoos. Kylo just hummed and leaned into the touch, flexing his arm beneath the fingers, grinning stupidly when they gripped the bulge of his bicep. “Are you a tattoo artist?” Kylo shook his head lazily, reaching for the shot glass when the man poured him another. The bottle was nearly empty, and he’d lost count of how many he’d downed. That didn’t matter though, he was relaxed and didn’t feel sick yet. But he did need to piss. “Then you must be some kind of athlete, with guns like these.” He squeezed his arm again and then moved to slide his hand down along Kylo’s torso to his thigh. Kylo felt his heart rate pick up and he panted a bit under his breath, flexing his quad when he felt he man dig his fingers in again. The men he’d had flings with were always so enamored with his physique, and it paid off. They loved touching him and feeling up his muscles, and he loved being touched and flexing for them. The man’s hand went to slide against Kylo’s groin and the priest paused. “I have to piss,” he slurred, sliding off the barstool and struggling not to stumble. “I’ll be right back. Don’t move.” Kylo managed to make his way to the bathroom without tripping or knocking into anyone, though the doorknob proved a slight challenge for several seconds. Once inside he made his way to a urinal and fumbled with the button and zipper of his pants. He sighed, leaning forward until his forehead was pressed against the wall while he relieved himself; the tile was cool, and he stayed there even once he’d finished with eyes closed. He was nearly nodding off and didn’t hear the bathroom door open, but he did hear the click of the lock once it was closed. Not moving from his spot, he smiled, eyes still shut. “I told you not to move,” he said, unable to stop himself from giggling stupidly. He was always a giggly drunk. “You’re not good at following orders. That’s...that’s bad.” He was trying to tuck himself back into his underwear when two hands slipped around either side of his waist, one taking hold of his cock and the other pushing his own hands away from himself. “Well, haven’t you been having fun.” Kylo shifted his cheek against the wall, trying to find a new cool spot that hadn’t been warmed by his face. Wait, did the man have an accent? He hadn’t noticed. He moaned when the hand on his cock began to pump him and the other reached up to stroke the side of his face. He pressed his own hands against the wall in fists, trying to keep himself up when his legs started to tremble. “You couldn’t even wait for me before you gave in.” Kylo gasped when one hand pulled roughly on his hair and the other dug a nail into the side of his aching cock. Fuck, he was stupid. This wasn’t the man from the bar; he’d forgotten that he’d been waiting for someone. He had completely slipped his mind. Hux sighed, loosening his grip on the dark locks and instead rifling his fingers through them. “You’ve always been this way, haven’t you. So why did you become a priest? Did daddy not like the path you were taking, and convince you try something different? I know that feeling.” Kylo was nearly drooling against the tile, and he pushed his hips into Hux’s hand, needing more friction than he was giving him. He couldn’t help but giggle again, rubbing his cheek against the wall. “Daddy. You said daddy.” He yelped when Hux tightened his grip, digging not just one but several of his blunt nails into the sensitive skin of his dick. “Were you expecting this, Father?” Oh shit, he was bringing titles into this. It was almost as bad as him saying daddy. “Am I to understand I made myself clear at the church?’ He nodded as well as could, clenching his fists against the wall. “But you’re a priest, Father.” “So?” Kylo jerked his hips, panting and then gritting his teeth. “I was under the impression that priests are not allowed to engage in these kinds of activities. Especially with other men.” “Hm.” Kylo focused on the feeling of Hux’s hand as it dragged slowly up and down along his cock, thumbing at the head and pinching at the base. “I guess we’re not.” “You don’t feel guilty?” “Right now I just...want to feel your mouth. And your lips. I like your...your lips. They look like they’d feel good. They look...plushy.” Hux hummed behind him and withdrew his hand, earning a whine from Kylo. “Turn around and I’ll see what I can do.” Kylo tried to straighten himself as he turned but it was a lost cause. He slumped back against the wall and ran a hand through his hair as he watched Hux kneel in front of him, hands making quick work of his pants and briefs. “You look good on your knees,” he drawled, free hand reaching out to twirl his fingers through Hux’s hair; it was soft and silky and if he weren’t so aroused he’d be complacent with just staying there playing with it. “You almost look like you’re about to pray...to me. Like you’re worshipping me-” He choked off his own sentence as Hux’s lips wrapped around his cock, and his hand tightened reflexively in the ginger’s hair. Gasping, he pulled his head down, dragging it farther along his cock. Hux didn’t gag or try to pull away, his fingers only pressed more firmly into Kylo’s thighs where they gripped for support. “I...I just...fuck, it’s been so long,” the priest moaned, his head falling back towards the wall. “I missed this so much.” He shifted his grip on Hux’s hair in his one hand while the other snaked up under his shirt to pull at one of his nipple piercings. He keened at the pain and pleasure it produced and his hips bucked, plunging his cock deeper into Hux’s throat. Kylo panted hard, pulling at himself and Hux’s hair, and he couldn’t help the frustration that washed over him when he felt Hux pull off of him, his tongue dragging along the shaft and licking the slit one last time. “I want you to fuck me, Father.” Hux was staring up at him through his lashes, cheeks flushed horrendously and his lips swollen and red. He was only a few inches shorter than Kylo but he looked so small and lithe, and dressed in his white button up and sweater he looked so much younger than he was, almost like a student. Kylo couldn’t help but wonder if Hux had done this in his schoolboy days: he certainly had skill with his mouth that suggested he’d had quite a bit of practice. Kylo licked his lips and then went to his knees so that he was about level with Hux. The ginger never broke eye contact, and Kylo felt a shiver run up his spine. “Stand up against the sink,” he said slowly, voice dropping low as he tried to control the words as they left his mouth. He grabbed the front of Hux’s shirt when he didn’t move and dragged him up to his feet before pushing him back until he was pressed to the closest sink. The ginger said nothing, just panted and reached back to steady himself, never breaking eye contact. Kylo bit the inside of his cheek as he roughly undid Hux’s pants and pulled them off. Hux’s plain briefs were stained in the front with precome, and Kylo wasn’t able to resist leaning down to lick at him through the fabric. He smiled as he did so, mouthing at him while Hux’s breath hitched and he allowed himself short, cut off moans every now and again. After torturing him for another minute Kylo reached up and yanked the briefs down, immediately moving in to take Hux into his mouth. “F-Father please-” Kylo only grazed his teeth along Hux, and that was enough for him to nearly scream, his back arching. Once he was reduced to a panting, nonverbal mess again, Kylo slid his hands against him before turning him around so that his front was pushed to the sink. He took a moment to admire Hux’s pale ass before he asked, “Did you bring any lube?” “Pants pocket.” Kylo reached back and rifled through the pockets until he found the small compact container. “You knew what you wanted to get done,” he said, trying not to slur as badly. His head was pounding but this felt too good, he couldn’t pass it up. Popping the cap, he poured a generous amount on his hands and spread it. Without warning Hux he slipped a finger into his ass, smiling when the man moaned and squirmed against the sink. He was tight as hell and so hot; Kylo had to brace himself not to rush ahead and go straight to fucking him. “Do you often let priests fuck you?” When Hux didn’t answer straightaway, he pushed in a second finger. “You have a...a thing for priests?” Hux panted, hands tightening their grip on the edges of the sink. “I...Father, please -” “Too afraid to confess to me?” Hux gritted his teeth. “I won’t confess to you. Not in a fucking bar bathroom” He continued to finger fuck Hux, slowly and trying to focus on moving his fingers right. With his other hand he slicked himself up with lube, unable to stop from preparing himself. Hux pressed down against his hand, nearly whining, so Kylo obliged him with a third thick finger. “Hurry up and just fuck me already,” Hux hissed, looking over his shoulder as best as he could. “You already got drunk without me, you owe me that much.” Kylo hummed and pulled out his fingers, unable to stop the small laugh that escaped him at the obscene sound his fingers made. “Okay.” Standing up, he placed one hand on Hux’s slim hip while he used the other line himself up (it was a little harder than he hoped, with as drunk as he was). Once he felt properly aligned, he pushed in in one go. Hux reached up and bit his wrist to stifle his scream, and Kylo just stayed where he was pressed up to the hilt, his front pressed flush against Hux’s back. He tilted his head to mouth at the man’s neck and pull at his earlobe, and then he began to move. Slowly, at first, so both could adjust. But once he felt how fucking nice and tight Hux was, he picked up the pace until he was positively slamming his cock into Hux’s ass, nearly lifting the man off of his feet with each thrust. His fingertips dug into Hux’s hips while his other reached around to wrap around Hux’s cock. The ginger moaned through his teeth, leaning back his head so that it rested on Kylo’s shoulder, also allowing more access to his neck. Kylo took this opportunity to lick and suck at Hux’s exposed throat, teeth grazing at the stretched muscles and tendons. “Do you think...do you think God is watching, Father?” Kylo’s hips stuttered as he recalled the dream from earlier that evening. God loves a good show. He closed his eyes and picked up the pace once more, imagining Hux sprawled out in the main hall of the church again, legs wrapped around Kylo’s waist and his ankles locked while he pounded into him. “God is...always watching,” he managed to choke out, feeling his eyes tearing up. “Do you think He likes what He sees?” He could see them sitting in the church pews, the faceless outlines of people. They were to his left, and he knew what was to his right but he couldn’t bring himself to look. Not again. Yes, it was all in his mind, but he couldn’t disgrace himself further. Hux tilted his head so that he was close to Kylo’s ear. “I think God likes a good show from His children. Likes to see us play - aahh! ” Kylo felt his hips jerk one last time before he came, spilling inside of Hux and gasping against his shoulder. Hux tightened and then went still around him and followed, mouth gaping open in a moan as his cock pumped white strings of cum onto Kylo’s hand and against the sink. The two stayed there for what felt like forever, Hux relaxing in between Kylo and the sink and the priest slumping forward, reaching forward to support himself in case his legs were to give out. His heart pounded in his chest and his blood in his ears and in the back of his head. He felt fucked out and still totally drunk, and there was a strange sort of high that he didn’t think was necessarily from the sex. God loves a good show. Likes to see us play. The high only lasted for another moment before he realized what he had just done, and he shoved Hux aside to vomit into the sink, retching until his throat and eyes burned and there was nothing left in his stomach. “Oh, for Heaven’s sake.” Notes: so there you go guys! i think there will probably be two more chapters of this at the most, i just dont really know what to write about besides them being gross in the church like in Bless Me Father ?? if you guys have any prompts or anything you want to see hmu here or on tumblr at ndkylo ! Notes: thanks for reading guys!! comments are very highly appreciated! hmu at my sideblog ndkylo on tumblr and shoot me prompts if u want! **EDIT so I changed my sideblog URL to ndkylo and I also apologize for the update taking so long,, I kind of killed my laptop display so I only have my phone...I'm trying guys I'm sorry