Millicent. That was the dragon Kylo Ren saw. Orange scales, red eyes; she gleamed with a precocious sort of grace as she shot flames from her open mouth, their electric blue piercing through the deep violet of the evening. Though not large in size, at least compared to others of her kind, she carried with her a presence so fearsome that even the biggest of her counterparts would find themselves cowering before her. Her roar, while rarely bellowed, sent shivers down the spines of those close enough to hear it. Unrelenting, cunning, and nearly unmatched; this was the dragon Kylo Ren first saw. She and her counterparts had been released to feed. The enormous lizards ravaged the food before them, setting fire to the bodies and consuming them with no mercy. Kylo shivered as he watched their teeth rip into the flesh of animals, some dead, some still writhing in terror. He noticed one dragon, jet black with blue eyes, ignite flames into its own mouth as it bit into its prey. All of the dragons were bound to their weighted prisons by large chains. All except for Millicent. She devoured her meal carefully, with as much ferocity as necessary, and not a smidgen more. Kylo almost grinned as he watched her lick her lips delicately after swallowing the last little lamb, flicking away the stream of blood that oozed from her mouth. Her satisfied, purr-like rumble vibrated across the field to where Kylo crouched, tickling the soles of his feet. Following the rumble, came the call from someone undeniably human. “Millicent! Return!” The dragon’s head snapped up and around when she heard the voice, her wings already starting to fold back towards her long spine. Before Kylo could register who had called, Millicent was moving swiftly back west of the field, towards the small collection of hills and rocky terrain. As she moved, so did the rest of the dragons, all pausing only to clean their mouths before migrating back to the assortment of men and women awaiting them. The chained dragons moved at various speeds towards their Trainers, and it became apparent which were seasoned creatures and which required more attention. One dragon, a common green with a stout neck, rushed his Trainer in a way that reminded Kylo of a puppy. The young man with black hair jumped back, a look of fear crossing his feminine features. “Hold, Mitaka!” shouted another voice, which Kylo detected as coming from a very tall, broad shouldered woman. “Remember to hold firm!” Mitaka complied, even taking one step towards his dragon, placing his hands in the air with a somewhat feigned confidence. The creature reared slightly, retracting back on its hind legs. “Tarkin,” Mitaka said. “Be still.” Kylo watched as the dragon (Tarkin) straightened to a perfect stand still, his head cocking ever so slightly to one side. Mitaka moved towards him, the man’s steps slow yet firm. If the dragon let out a low growl, Mitaka didn’t so much as blink. Instead he kept his pace, until he had gotten close enough to reach and touch Tarkin’s emerald scales. “Tarkin,” Mitaka commanded. “Kneel.” The dragon complied, swooping its neck towards the ground, so the collar of its chain lay awaiting in the grass. Mitaka slowly reached down to unclip the chain from Tarkin’s collar, freeing him from the bonds in the field. He nearly purred with contentment, and Mitaka placed a gentle hand on Tarkin’s neck. “Good,” he said, softer. “Very good.” The remaining Trainers all seemed to performing different variations of Mitaka’s commands, all with the intention of removing the chains from the collar of their dragons. The tall blonde woman had her dragon, a large silvery monstrosity, roll onto its back before she unattached the chain. The jet-black dragon with blue eyes allowed her Trainer to climb atop her back and detach the leash. All except, of course, Millicent and her Trainer. They were to be Kylo’s mentors. Kylo watched the pair from his spot in the bushes, where he had been instructed to remain until the dragons moved back into their caves for the night, where they would sleep for two, maybe three days at a time. Millicent had no collar, in addition to not being chained. Her Trainer, a tall, thin man with long hair the color of his dragon’s scales, sat peacefully in the grass, one hand gently scratching the tender scales behind Millicent’s small horns. The dragon herself almost seemed to be smiling, and the tip of her impossibly long tail swayed slowly from side to side. Peering closer, Kylo could make out the serenity on the man’s face, the complete lack of fear. Watching the seamless relationship between the redheaded man and Millicent, Kylo found himself reminded of why he was sent to begin his work in the most prestigious dragon sanctuary on the planet. Kylo knew enough to wait in his place of seclusion until the dragons were completely sedated before he approached his new mentor. None of them would take kindly to a stranger walking into their home. Another thirty minutes passed before the great lizards each sauntered off to the west, where the rocky hills gently morphed into a vined cliff face spotted with caverns. They lazily flicked their tails from side to side, slithering quietly into their caves. Kylo watched in amusement as the smallest dragon, a little blue thing with pink eyes, lifted itself on wings barely grown and fluttered into its cavern, which sat a few clicks above the others. A dark skinned boy called out to the little blue dragon from down in the hills, his voice echoing over the rocky terrain. “Goodnight, Buttercup! Sleep well! I love you!” “Finn, for the gods sake,” groaned the broad shouldered woman. “You just calmed her down, will you please try not to encourage her!” “Sorry, Phasma,” Finn said, grinning sheepishly. “I just want her to know that I love her before she goes to bed.” Kylo assumed that it was time for him to emerge from his place of hiding; Millicent had moved away to her cave, and her Trainer had begun to remove the minimal gear on his body. For a moment, Kylo found himself tempted to remain in the brush, and gaze upon the figure not too far away from him. Bren Hux carried with him a glowing reputation as a dragon Trainer for The Order. Not only did he oversee the conditions and well being of his own dragon, he also monitored the others, as well as their environment and Trainers. Aside from Supreme Master Snoke, Bren Hux was the Trainer of all Trainers. Kylo had barely stepped out of the brush when Bren Hux called out to him. “Kylo Ren.” Kylo stopped. He thought perhaps he had moved too soon. “Well, come here!” Hux snapped. “I haven’t got all night to watch you gawking.” Kylo could feel the eyes of the other four Trainers as he walked towards Hux. He tried his best to seem as domineering as possible, though he wasn’t entirely sure it would make much of a difference. These people were used to facing injury and even death on a daily basis. To think for a moment that he could impress them with sheer physical appearance and confidence was laughable. He would need to try something else. When he reached Hux, Kylo bowed to the waist. “Bren Hux, I-“ “For the gods sake, don’t bow,” Hux sighed. “I’m not Master Snoke.” Kylo straightened. “I’m, um, I’m sorry,” he stammered. “I was under the impression you would be a bit more orthodox in your approach.” Phasma chuckled from a few yards over. “You hear that, Bazine?” Phasma said. “Master Snoke’s prodigy expects orthodoxy.” The fifth Trainer, a slender woman with dark and intricate face tattoos, smirked as she packed her satchel. “The young padawan will be surprised,” she said, “at just how raw this profession can be.” “I’m not a padawan,” Kylo responded. “I’m a realized Trainer. I’m here to learn from the best.” “You say learn ,” Bazine sniffed, “and yet you think you’re a realized Trainer of Dragons?” Before Kylo could think of a dignified response, Hux interrupted. “As long as we live amongst these creatures, we are always learning,” he said, his voice even. “they are to be contained, not mastered. Preserved, not exploited.” Kylo caught the sharp glint in Hux’s green eyes when the man turned his way. “That is your first lesson, Kylo Ren,” Hux said. “And probably your most vital.” Bren Hux was a sight, surely. Tall but thin as bone, he carried with him a confidence that made him look three times his size. His long hair was tangled on the ends, but shone in the evening light like the orange glow of the setting sun itself. His pierced ears and nose made him look rugged and practiced, but his tone and manner was reminiscent of classic inner ring society. He wore flame resistant clothing of all black, and boots of the finest Coruscian leather. Kylo became conscious of his own shabby attire, the holes in his hand me down boots. “Follow me, Ren,” Hux said, reaching down to pick up his own satchel. “And don’t lag behind.” Kylo nodded and walked after Hux, who immediately set off into the sanctuary, away from the collection of rocky mountains and into the adjacent woods. “Those cliffs are where we keep the dragons,” Hux explained curtly as the pair of them trudged up a grassy hill towards the trees. “Most sleep within the caves, as you’ve seen. Breeding mothers are placed in a separate encampment not far off from there. Beyond the cliffs are the training grounds, and the lake. You’ve seen the first feeding field. There are five others. There is a map of the sanctuary in the cabins, but you will memorize the area in time.” Once they had entered the woods, Hux led Kylo towards a small gravel pathway, which led out to a small opening in the woods. Within the trees sat two large structures, styled like the old fashioned cabins Kylo knew from his childhood, though these seemed to be made completely out of metal. The first cabin was larger in size than the other, and looked big enough to be multiple, normal sized homes put together. “You’ll be staying in these cabins for the time being,” Hux said, as they approached the cabin. “The first is for living, the second is for research and recreation. They are made completely out of Alderanian iron, and can withstand an onslaught of flame from at least one hundred full-grown dragons at a time, give or take. Beneath the cabins are state of the art bunkers, reinforced with five times the amount of iron. There are 62 total entrances to the bunker, 58 of which are located at strategic points throughout the sanctuary. The rest can be accessed from within the cabin.” Kylo nodded, but he found this to be a bit excessive. Wasn’t the point of the dragon sanctuary to protect the dragons from those who might harm them? “The bunker is designed to protect us from the dragons,” Kylo said, unable to stop himself from voicing his opinion. “But what about protecting the dragons from other humans?” Hux blinked, turning to Kylo with something like annoyance on his pale face. “The Order has not experienced such an attack for decades.” “But isn’t there always the chance?” Hux sighed, clearly irritated at Kylo’s questioning. “Our border security is firm,” Hux said firmly. “If Supreme Master Snoke is not worried, then neither am I.” “But don’t you think-“ “Careful, Ren,” Hux snapped, distaste thick in his voice. “This sanctuary has gotten along just fine without you for nearly fifty years. I assure it will continue as such.” Kylo swallowed down any biting remark he may have had, and resolved to allow Hux to continue with his tour. Kylo followed Hux up the gravel path to the first cabin, where Hux placed his palm on a data pad beside the door. After a quick scan, the metal door slid open, revealing the inside of the state-of-the-art home. The inside looked nothing like the outside. Kylo was surprised to find that someone had tried to make the cabin look as homey as possible. Intricate tapestries hung on the walls, and a sizable, glossy wooden dining table sat dutifully in the middle of the modest foyer. Throughout the dining area, there were various paintings hung, each depicting a different type of dragon in its own habitat. “This is the dining area,” Hux said. “You may take your meals here, or you may not. I don’t particularly care.” Hux’s snappy remarks were starting to rub on Kylo’s nerves. “Some might say camaraderie is important to a functioning community,” Kylo responded. Hux rolled his eyes. “Are you asking me to force you to eat meals with me?” “Actually, that sounds a bit distasteful,” Kylo muttered. “Likewise,” Hux said tiredly. “Lets continue before I have an aneurism.” Hux led Kylo down the hallway next to the foyer, until they reached the very last door on the right. Much like the cabin itself, this door also appeared to be made out of Alderanian steel, but the space within looked much more like a charming hotel in a small community. “This will be your quarters,” Hux said. “Sizable, in good condition. I trust you’ll find all your appliances and amenities to be functioning properly. The bathroom is attached, and the other four realized Trainers are in the next few rooms down.” Kylo cocked his head to the side, confused. “What about you?” Hux raised an eyebrow. “Excuse me?” Kylo swallowed, aware of how strange his question must have sounded. “Where’s your room?” he asked, unable to back out. “Mine is down the hall as well,” Hux said slowly, distrust in his eyes. Kylo nodded. “Okay,” he said lamely. “For the gods sake,” Hux groaned. “Put down your things and lets continue to the research facilities.” “I want to meet my dragon,” Kylo snapped, growing irritated. Wasn’t that the whole point of his being in the sanctuary? Why were they wasting time with something as trivial as a tour? “It’s not that simple,” Hux snapped back, his eyes flashing dangerously. “Oh, my apologies, is there some ceremony I’m supposed to attend?” “Don’t be stupid, of course not. But your situation is a bit…complicated.” Kylo shook his head, disbelieving. “Master Snoke never said anything about-“ “And I suppose you think he tells you everything?” Hux asked, no longer trying to hide the bite in his voice. Kylo shifted, unsure. “Does he tell you everything?” “Of course he doesn’t,” Hux said simply. “And I’m not stupid enough to think he would. He has his secrets just like everyone else.” Kylo paused. “Your talk is borderline treasonous, Hux,” he said, finally. Hux’s eyes widened at Kylo’s remark. Then, they narrowed, to where Kylo could practically make out the anger boiling inside Hux. He took three steps forward, until his face was only inches away from Kylo’s. “Careful, Ren,” Hux warned. “You’re in the sanctuary now. It’s a much different place than the world you’ve come to know at the Citadel. This tour is over.” Then Hux turned on his heel and walked from the room, leaving Kylo alone to contemplate just what he had gotten himself into. * * * Hux came to collect Kylo just as the sun rose. “Get out of bed, for the gods sake,” Hux groaned. “I haven’t the time for late risers.” Kylo blinked his eyes open, the gentle glow of the morning shining through the curtains of his window. Tiredly, he turned to the doorway, where Bren Hux stood tapping his foot impatiently. He wore a similar ensemble as the day before, only this time he did not wear a flame resistant jacket. Kylo rose from the bed and immediately made his way over to the closet, where he removed his own pants and shirt. “Sorry,” he mumbled. “I didn’t realize you all woke up so early.” The blond woman, Phasma, passed by Kylo’s doorway and gave him a small smirk. “Good morning, prince Ren,” she chuckled. “Nice to see you got your beauty sleep. You’re gonna need it.” If Hux disapproved of Phasma’s remark, he didn’t say anything. Instead, he snapped one finger at Kylo, urging him to move more quickly. “The droids have breakfast prepared,” he said. “I suggest you don’t miss it.” Then he turned and walked back down the hall, leaving Kylo with no shirt and pants half on. Kylo dressed as quickly as he could, pausing only to run his hands through his hair a few times. When he was sure he didn’t look like a complete shipwreck, he made his way down the hallway and to the dining area, where the other five Trainers already sat with their meals. Kylo sat himself in one of the empty seats, next to the dark skinned boy, Finn, from the day before. “We have eggs,” said Finn, giving Kylo an attempted smile. “And bacon!” “He can see that, Finn,” Phasma responded. “I’m just trying to be polite!” Finn frowned. “No one was nice to me when I got here.” “That is not true,” Bazine said, her dark tattoos even more apparent in the morning light. “Mitaka was cordial.” The table erupted in a round of chuckling and snorts at Bazine’s remark. Kylo felt as though he were missing out on some sort of joke; he had expected as much, becoming a part of a group who had been together for so long. “Where are you taking the prince today, Hux?” Phasma asked through a mouthful of toast. “Is he getting his charge?” The others looked to Hux curiously, all eager to know what their leader had in store for the newest Trainer of Dragons. “Well, yes,” Hux said. “What else would he be doing?” Finn smiled at Kylo, excitement clear on his face. “Man, you’re gonna love it! Getting your dragon is the best feeling in the world!” “Speak for yourself,” Mitaka muttered. “Tarkin put me out of business for weeks after we first met.” “Yes, and Tarkin is also an idiot,” Bazine said with a smirk. “Hey, stop it!” Mitaka snapped back. “Only I can call him that.” Again, the table broke out into a round of laughter. Kylo tried to distract himself by taking large bites of food, until he had cleared his plate entirely. If he was to receive his dragon today, he would need to be completely ready. Kylo waited patiently for Hux to finish his breakfast, though the man didn’t eat much at all. When the maintenance droid had taken their plates, Hux motioned for Kylo to follow him. “Good luck, Prince Ren!” Phasma called as the pair of them walked out the door. “Don’t let him boss you around too much!” Kylo didn’t know if she was talking about the dragon, or Hux. Kylo followed Hux down the gravel pathway that led to and from the cabins, until they reached the cliff face. The ground rumbled with the snores of the dragons within, all deep in slumber. Kylo knew that being quiet was of the upmost importance, so he tried his best to make his steps as light as possible; though, for him, that had never been easy. Kylo assumed they would be heading towards the breeding grounds, where newly born dragons would be resting with their mothers. So he was surprised when Hux led him away from the cliff face, and deeper into the rocky abyss of the mountains. “Hux?” Kylo asked, confused. “Where are we going?” “To your dragon, what do you think?” “But the breeding grounds are that way.” Hux paused for a moment. “You won’t be receiving a mothered dragon,” he said, finally. Kylo blinked, confused. “Why?” “Because Master Snoke informed me you wouldn’t be,” Hux said. “I suppose he has other ideas.” So Kylo followed Hux down the crooked pathway, trying not to seem too heavy on his feet. He was not accustomed to navigating through jagged rocks and steep declines, after spending most of his adolescence in the Citadel. Hux, conversely, looked as though he had been born in the sanctuary. His feet hit every patch of stone with a certainty that Kylo envied. Hux even donned four impressive scars on his cheek, like something had taken its claws and sunk them deep into the skin. Kylo considered his own complexion, which at that point could not have been more ordinary. For the first time in his life, Kylo cursed his fair skin. Every esteemed Trainer carried their scars. Until he had his own, Kylo could never hope to be a member of their world. As their descent continued, the air around them grew heavier, colder. Kylo pulled his cowl tighter around his neck. The greenery of above started disappearing, fading gently into the cracks of the ground below them. Kylo noted at what point his breath became visible, each exhalation producing a misted cloud that disappeared as soon as it came. Hux spoke little throughout their journey, pausing only to look over his shoulder every now and again. After what felt like hours, they finally came to what looked like the end of the pathway. Kylo hadn’t the slightest idea of what they were supposed to do next. For a moment, he thought that perhaps he was supposed to climb up the side of the cliff to reach his dragon; this certainly wouldn’t come as a surprise, at that point. Already, becoming a realized Trainer was not at all what he might have expected. Kylo looked to Hux for answers, but he was already making his way over to the wall of the cliff. Before he made another move, Hux turned to face Kylo. “Before we begin, I want you to know something,” Hux began. “I do not know you, and therefore I do not know what you’re capable of. Master Snoke seems to think you possess extraordinary ability, whatever that might mean. He has faith in you.” Hux eyed Kylo up and down, lips pursed. “I, however,” he continued, “Will not be so easily convinced.” Kylo swallowed, unsure. His stomach began to grow hot, his cheeks reddening. Hastily, he tried to swallow down the anger that had started boiling within him. His temper had nearly destroyed him in the past. He would not allow such a thing to happen again. “Then I suppose,” Kylo said. “It’s a good thing the only one I need to convince of my ability is the dragon under my charge.” If Kylo’s response surprised Hux, he didn’t show it. Instead, he ignored the remark, and turned back to the cliff face before them. “We’ll see,” he murmured. “Now be quiet.” Kylo held his breath as Hux reached forward and placed his palm flat onto the surface of the cliff face. Immediately, a greenish glow from within the rocks buzzed in and out of sight beneath Hux’s palm. Kylo could make out a few faint, high-pitched beeps before Hux removed his hand from the rocks, and the cliff itself seemed to rumble from an invisible pressure. It took a moment for Kylo to realize that the rumbling came from the wall of cliff itself, forcing its way apart to form a large, gaping hole within the rocks, big enough for the largest of dragons to crawl through. The inside appeared to be made entirely from metal, with premium grade light fixtures spaced evenly down the ceiling. Other than the lights, the tunnel within the cavern looked to be mostly bare. It certainly didn’t look like any sort of place for a dragon. “What is this?” Kylo asked Hux. “I don’t understand.” Hux did not so much as look at Kylo. Instead, he began walking into the cavern, pausing only to direct Kylo forward with a flick of his hand. “You will,” Hux responded. “Follow me.” Once again, Kylo bit down his irritation with Bren Hux. He hadn’t thought that getting a few answers would be such a tall order. But he followed Hux regardless, the curiosity and determination to meet his dragon getting the best of him. Walking down the corridor within the mountain, Kylo fantasized about becoming a realized Trainer, as he had so many times as a boy. He saw himself in the field, surrounded by the other Trainers, his own dragon amongst those feeding. Would he possess a great enough skill to one day allow his dragon out of its collar, like Hux’s Millicent? Would he even be able to climb atop the back of his dragon and ride it, as it flew gracefully in the air, full of power and freedom? His uncle had done it. Now Kylo was determined to hold such a power over a dragon. The walk down the corridor did not take nearly as long as the walk to the mountain; only a few minutes passed before Hux and Kylo reached another door, just as big as the last. There were no windows, so Kylo couldn’t see what lay on the other side. Hux turned to him, and gestured to the wall beside them. “Place your hand here,” Hux said. “Your print has already been transferred and uploaded to this data pad. It will let only you and I inside this chamber; however, I am the only one who can open the chamber itself from the outside. If you wish to visit the dragon under your charge, you must go through me.” Kylo nodded. “So my dragon is in there?” “Yes. Your dragon is on the other side of this door.” “Don’t we need protective gear?” “Not for now,” Hux said. “This dragon is only one week old.” Kylo breathed in as Hux moved over to the data pad on the wall, placing his hand gently atop the surface of the metal. Once again Kylo gazed on as the green glow buzzed underneath Hux’s palm, and the high-pitched beeps sounded through the cavern, echoing off the walls. This was it. This moment was what Kylo Ren had been dreaming of since he was a boy. Finally, after years of preparation at the Citadel, he would be meeting his own dragon. If all went well, he and the creature under his charge would be partners for life. Their bond could not be broken by any outside force. The great metal door opened slowly, rising upwards into the ceiling above. Kylo blinked when he realized that the inside of the cavern before them was pitch black; he couldn’t make out a single shape within. He glanced to Hux, but the Trainer was already pulling out two pairs of sleek goggles from his satchel. He tossed one carelessly to Kylo, and motioned for him to put them on. “Keep quiet,” Hux said, voice soft. “And tread carefully.” Kylo obeyed, putting the goggles on his head. Immediately, the contents of the chamber behind the door became clear. With the green film of the lenses to light his way, Kylo followed Hux through the door. His feet hit stone instead of metal, his boots clunking along the ground in a way that was probably much too loud. If Hux was bothered by Kylo’s heavy walk, he said nothing. He only continued to lead Kylo through the cavern, taking slower, more deliberate steps than before. Kylo wished the goggles could allow him to see how large the chamber actually was; his dragon was only one week old, Hux had said. So, depending on the breed, it could be anywhere from six to twelve feet long. Something so small in size could easily hide in a place that already seemed large enough to house at least four full-grown dragons. “Hux, why is it pitch black in here?” Kylo whispered. “Where is the dragon?” Even with his back turned, Kylo knew Hux was rolling his eyes. “I’ll explain,” Hux hissed. “Just shut up, please.” The pair kept moving through the cavern, which seemed to grow even more expansive by the second. Kylo wished for a moment he could click his tongue, to hear the echo bounce across the walls above them. He wanted a sound; any sound other than the clunk of his boots and the steady intake of his own breath. The air around him seemed to be even colder than the air outside, and the mist that exited his own mouth fogged his goggles enough to where he needed to pause every so often to rub them clean. Kylo wished Hux would just tell him what was going on. He was starting to think that there really was no dragon within the desolate chamber, and that the whole thing had been an elaborate joke at his expense. That is, until, he heard the call of something definitely inhuman. Hux stopped in his tracks as the tiny roar; no, the tiny squeak, echoed through the cave. Kylo had never heard anything so pathetic in his entire life. The noise sounded more like the cry of a baby, or the call of a bird than the roar of a dragon. “There’s our boy,” Hux murmured. “He smells it.” “Smells what?” Hux reached into his satchel and rummaged for a second, before pulling out a small, brown sack. Even in the dark, Kylo could make out the dark stains of blood on the fabric. Hux held the sack out behind him, and Kylo realized he was meant to grab it. Hastily, he took the sack from Hux, and peered inside. Three dead rats lay within, their large bellies swollen and full. Instinctively, Kylo reached in the bag and pulled out the fattest rat, the one with blood still oozing out of the side of its mouth. With a confidence half feigned, Kylo lifted the rat into the air, squeezing its belly so the blood came dripping in small waterfalls from its still open mouth. A minute or so passed. Then came another call. It was closer this time, much closer. Kylo could feel his palms begin to sweat as the baby dragon called out over and over, its little voice ringing through the cavern. This is it , Kylo thought. When the dragon finally came into view, Kylo’s eyes widened. The creature was smaller than any Kylo had ever seen, even in books or records. In fact, it looked to be no larger than the average dog, about two feet long at best. Through the green film of his goggles, Kylo could see that the baby lizard had jet-black scales, yet its eyes glowed a color he couldn’t make out. The creature moved with hesitation towards Kylo, its eyes flicking carefully from the rat, to Hux, to Kylo, and back again. Kylo peered closer and saw that the dragon’s wings had already started to grow in. The small, narrow bones folded out to reveal thin, papery skin that looked fragile enough to tear with even the lightest of pressure. Every few seconds, the tiny creature let out another sad attempt at a roar, its voice lilting and cracking with each vocalization. “Kneel,” Hux murmured from beside Kylo. “So he can reach the rat.” Kylo nodded, though Hux was not looking at him. Hux kept his eyes glued to the small creature, carefully watching every move. Kylo knelt slowly to the floor, as gracefully as he could. The small dragon reared backwards at the sudden movement, letting out a hiss. “Squeeze the rat again,” Hux instructed. “Do it now.” Kylo complied, wincing as the blood began to trickle to the floor below. The dragon tilted its small head, its nostrils flaring visibly at the sight of the rat’s blood. Kylo knelt, still as a statue, as the dragon crept back towards its prey. Kylo almost smiled when the creature licked its lips, its eyes glued to the rat in Kylo’s hand. “When he’s a foot away,” Hux said. “Drop it.” The dragon crept closer and closer, until Kylo became sure it was close enough to touch. Then, he dropped the rat on the ground. The smack of its body hitting the stone floor was drowned out by the sound of the baby dragon’s shriek of triumph, as it launched itself forward to grab the rat in its mouth. Kylo grinned in exhilaration as the baby devoured its meal. Up close, Kylo could make out the tiny spikes on the dragon’s back, the length of its thin tail. Everything about the creature was new, developing. Kylo realized he would be witness to the dragon’s entire life, his complete transformation from hatchling to beast. The creature in front of him would grow to something more powerful than anyone in the world, and Kylo would be right beside him. “He’s wonderful,” Kylo whispered. Hux turned to him, confusion clear on his face. “I’m sorry?” “Oh, um,” Kylo stuttered. “I hadn’t realized I said that out loud.” Hux shook his head. “No, you don’t understand,” Hux said. “This dragon is a runt. He was born to Bazine’s charge, the Serennian Blackwing, Cassius, and his mate.” Kylo turned to Hux, confused. “Runt? I didn’t know dragons could-“ “Have runts? Yes, they can. It’s unusual, but not unheard of. We only have one female Blackwing under our care, and she came to us from…less than ideal circumstances. She had been bred to near death; the only reason I allowed a conjugal meeting between her and Cassius is because Snoke ordered it.” The baby dragon before them began to whine. Kylo realized it had finished its rat, and now craved more. Kylo hastily reached into the satchel and pulled out another dead rat, and tossed it gently to the ground. “Why would he do that?” Kylo asked, as the baby squealed with excitement. “If he knew the female couldn’t produce a proper hatchling?” Hux shrugged, taking a seat on one of the many large rocks within the cavern. Kylo followed, folding his legs in to sit on the stone floor beneath them. “I advised against it,” Hux said, “But he was quite insistent. Blackwings are rare these days, you see. Popular in fighting rings because of their brutal nature.” Kylo nodded. He remembered his father, long ago, describing the underground “lizard rumbles”, where private institutions forced dragons to fight for entertainment value. Kylo knew Serennian Blackwings were considered some of the most vicious breeds out there; though, to look at his own baby dragon, Kylo couldn’t see how. The small creature was practically cute, the way it bit into its meal with zealous enthusiasm. If Kylo watched carefully, he could almost see the baby smile with satisfaction after swallowing another bite of its rat. “So he’s a runt,” Kylo continued, “and that’s why he’s not with his mother?” Hux nodded. “She didn’t want him.” Kylo thought he detected a trace of sadness in Bren Hux’s voice. “Do you know why Snoke was so insistent on me training this dragon?” Kylo asked, watching as the creature licked the blood from its lips. “What is special about him?” “Runt or no, he is a Serennian Blackwing,” Hux said. “He will grow, and he will posses power. Snoke wants him.” Kylo didn’t understand. He was sent to the dragon sanctuary because it was a sanctuary . The way Hux spoke, it sounded as though these dragons were training for something other than just simple containment ability. Gazing at the tiny creature before him, Kylo couldn’t picture his dragon ever being used for its power. Half-heartedly, Kylo tossed over the last rat, its body hitting the floor with yet another sickening smack. “Why is he in here?” Hux turned his head to Kylo. “In this cave, or in the dark?” “Both.” Hux took a breath in. “The cave is for containment and protection,” he said. “This chamber used to be a bunker, many years ago in the age of The Empire. After the new bunker was constructed, we kept this for…well, storage. And special cases like these.” Kylo nodded. “Will the other dragons hurt him?” “He is small, and most dragons see that as a weakness. They will want him dead until he’s grown.” “That makes sense, but,” Kylo began, hesitant. “Why the darkness?” Hux sighed. “What do they teach in Prep School these days, anyway?” he scoffed. “Serennian Blackwings don’t develop fully formed scales until at least three months after birth. If brought into the light, they will burn their skin and cause permanent damage. So you will be doing all of your bonding and initial training in this chamber. You have an advantage, because you can start early. You don’t need to wait until the mother becomes less attached.” Kylo nodded. “Like you and Millicent?” Hux blinked. “Excuse me?” “Uh, you found her, right?” Kylo asked, unsure if he had said something out of line. “Motherless, in Arkanis.” Even beneath the black of his goggles, Hux seemed entirely bewildered. “How in the hells do you know that?” he asked, more surprised than angry. Kylo was grateful that his blush could be hidden in the darkness of the cavern. “I researched it in school,” he said. “The interview you did, for Coruscant Quarterly.” Hux chuckled. Kylo blinked back his surprise; he had come to think that Bren Hux did not know how to laugh. “Right,” Hux answered. “That fluff piece about all my amazing accomplishments.” “But they are!” Kylo argued. “You’re the youngest Trainer to ever Master a dragon, let alone oversee an entire sanctuary.” “I don’t do it for the glory, I do it because I haven’t any other option. Without me Millicent would have no one. This place might cease to exist. Its my duty to keep these creatures from harm.” Hux seemed far away to Kylo, then. His voice carried through the cavern, past the baby dragon before them, tearing away at his last little rat. “This one picks around the bones,” Hux mused quietly. “Picky little thing.” Kylo nodded, gazing down at the creature with a fondness already blooming. “Anakin.” Hux turned to Kylo. “For the name?” Kylo nodded, smiling. “Anakin. That’s his name.” The pair of them gazed on at the tiny dragon before them, slurping happily at his lips. Triumphant, the creature let out a great squawk, his little voice echoing faintly across the vast cavern. Kylo couldn’t help but laugh at this adorably pathetic vocalization; he was surprised to realize that Hux, though softly, was laughing, too. Kylo watched, as Hux removed his goggles, and rubbed gently at the piercing just above his right eyebrow. “Anakin,” Hux repeated. “I like that.” Notes: Please leave any comments or feedback that you might have below! I always adore hearing from you guys. Thanks so much for reading!