Man In Black. You don't own me I'm not just one of your many toys You don't own me Don't say I can't go with other boys The sultry singers voice filled the bar. It was like a sirens call to the outlaws and mersinarys that occupied the smoky bar. It soothed them of their heartache and pulled them closer to the mini stage. Well all but me. Truly I couldn't give two shit about what was happening. After having I ship I ‘borrowed’ from the First Order got shot down by the Resistance, I was currently stranded on a green planet just waiting for the chance to ‘borrow’ another ship. “Can I buy you a drank?” Came a mono-toned voice to my right. I glanced out of the corner of your eye at the body the voice belonged to. A man much shorter then your 5′11 stature, skeletonly skinny, bald, and reeked of alcohol and sweat. “Sure.” I gave him a smirk and flagged down the bartender. “Whiskey and put it on his tab.” Gabbing my drink, I hopped off the stool I had been seating on, leaving the bald man looking shocked. “Hey!” The bald man yelled and began to chase me down. “Listen bitch, you can’t just get a drink-.” He was quickly cut off by my boot connecting to his groin. He let out a scream and dropped to the floor holding his,hopefully very injured, dick. Crouching down beside him, I pulling out my knife that I keep in your boot and pressed it it his neck. “You offered to buy me a drink. I took you up on that offer.” Pressing the knife tip of the knife into neck, a small bead of blood trickling out. “Follow me again and I’ll cut you throat out.” Giving him a smile, I sheathed my knife, stood back up, and looked around. All eyes were on me. Some were smirking, others were modified, even the singer seemed shell shocked at what happened. “Around on me!” I yelled receiving a roar of appulose before making my way to the back of the bar for a empty table. The bar was packed though. Every table had either a group of people yelling at each other or a couple practically screwing in front of everyone. Then I spotted him. All the way in the very back of the bar was a half circle table that was almost completely counseled by a giant metal support beam. A man dressed head to toe in black sat alone holding a glass filled same amber liquid I had. “Maybe his not crazy.” I mutter to myself as I started to make my way over to the man in black. He didn’t glance at me when I stood in front of him, basically blocking whatever he was looking at throw the eye holes of the back scarf around his head. “Do you mind if I sit here?” No response. I look back at my spot at the bar to seeing the bald man had taken it and was now downing a bottle of beer. No going back there. Looking back at the man in black I asked again. “Look I won’t ask you questions or even speek to you.” I bent forward, placing my elbows on the table and staring at him till he to look at me. Beautiful brown eyes stared me down causing my breath to hitch as I forget the world around me and wanted to look at them forever “I, um, I just want to drink my drink in relative privacy.” The man continued to stare at me before tailing his eyes lower to my chest, which was currently threatening to spill out of my shirt, before looking away and giving me a crud nod. I quickly slid into booth, positioning myself behind the beam and only foot away from the stranger. Taking a sip of me drink, I couldn’t resist stealing glances at him. He was tall, with longs legs. His cloths were relatively loose but tight enough letting you see that he was muscaler but your couldn't really tell beyond that. His hands were huge too. I started imagining those leather clad hands running down my body and pulling me against him. Suddenly he shifted in his seat, lean back he began running his index finger over the rim of his glass. “Whats you name?” The man in black asked not looking at me. I opened my mouth to give him an alias, then closed it. This guy didn’t look like he belong in dirty bar like this. He had a air about him that was self-righteous. A very I am better then you but I could snap you neck with my hands look. But it wasn’t frightening. Instead it sent a shiver down my spine and fire in my core. Shacking my head I downed the rest of my glass, turning my body towards his. “Ashley. Ashley Sepro, and what pray tell is your name?” “Ashley.” His voice was slightly muffled y the scar but I still squirmed when he spoke. “I’m Kylo Ren.” He man said staring me down. I froze. Fuck. Shit. Shit. Fuck. Shit. Shit Was he hunting me down over the ship I took? Fuck. Without thinking I jumped up and tried to leg it as far away from here as I could. Kylo had other ideas. Grabbing my wrist he yanked me back against his chest and placed a hand over my mouth when I tried to scream. “I do not care that your stole one of MY ships,” He enphsisted the my before pulling me tighter against him. “It seems the force brought me here and lead me to you, even though you do not have the force within you.” Kylo leaned down and ran his nose against my neck. I could feel him grow against my back and had to resiste the temptation of grinding against him. “You will come with me and I will take you to supreme leader snoke.” Oh Fuck no! I snapped my head back colliding with his nose. Kylo arms immediately went lax, I rushed out of them running towards the door. Quickly I ran into the woods that surrounded the bar. I didn't stop when I heard storm troopers, or when I heard Kylo Ren himself yell ‘capture the girl’. The only reason I stopped was because I tripped over a fuckin’ twig like a idiot in a horror movie. Crawling into a hollowed out tree log, I pulled my knees close to and stayed as quiet as I could. Troops marched around me. A few even arch on the log and I prayed it didn’t suddenly collapse on me. More marching and shouting for what seemed like hours, my legs cramping from stiffness, but as the sun began to give way so did the troops. I waiting another 10 minutes before dragging myself out of the log. “Well hello there.” Standing before me was Kylo Ren with a bruised nose and red glowing light saber in hand. Fuck. Today is not my day. I was on my hands and knees I had no where to run so I made the only rational dissition I could. I ran my ass back in the log. “Fuck no.” Kylo dropped his light saber and got to his knees grabbing my ankle and begun pulling me out of the log. “Let me go!” I screamed clawing at anything I could to hold on too. Ignoring my screams, Kylo easily pulled me out and pinned my to ground with my hands above my head and pressing himself between my legs. “You will be quiet and listen to everything I say.” My mouth snapped shut on its on accord. I glared him down and had to resist the eager to smash my face against his nose again. “Good girl.” He smirked. “Now your coming with me.”