Finn Dameron and Rey Solo have lived next door to each other for the past eight years. They’ve attended the same schools, their mothers are in the parent/teacher association together and her bedroom window directly across from his and yet; they’ve never said more than a polite hello to one another in passing. Rey figures their relationship or lack there of can be chalked up to vastly different social circles. Finn’s rather popular— mostly by the association of being the adopted brother of D’Qar Secondary’s legendary former “heartthrob” Poe Dameron—but he’s also an above average student and apparently isn’t a half bad football player considering he’s been the school’s team captain for the past three years. And Rey? Well, Rey mostly keeps to herself and spends most of her time in the school’s auto shop with the rest of the grease monkeys. Her grades are less than spectacular but it’s not like she really cares; she’s not going to college because she’s already decided that she’s going to work in her dad’s garage when she graduates. She’s not popular and she’s not unpopular. She’s just Rey. And he’s just Finn and that’s the way it’s always been. Which is probably why they’ve never talked…until today. Christmas break is over and unfortunately it was time to go back to school. After homeroom, she collects her new schedule and heads to her new first period Media class. Surprisingly, her teacher assigns her a seat near the back and next to Finn of all people. He smiles at her when she sits down, so of course she smiles back and she thinks that’s going to be the peak of their interaction so she starts doodling on the inside of her notebook. ‘So,’ he begins and his voice nearly startles her. ‘…did you have a good holiday?’ She blinks at him. When she doesn’t answer right away he chuckles nervously and clears his throat. Rey nods her head, slowly. ‘Yes. Yes, I did. Thanks.’ ‘Good to hear.’ She chews her bottom lip and shrugs. ‘What about you? How was your holiday?’ His eyes light up. ‘It was good, yeah. Poe came home for a week, which was nice.’ ‘Ben came home too, but that was more annoying than anything else.’ She rolls her eyes. He laughs. She then notices that his nose has started to bleed and reaches into her bag for a tissue which he accepts. ‘Do you get them often? Nosebleeds, I mean?’ ‘Just the last couple of months. I think it’s stress, you know? Graduation, college and all that.’ They don’t get to say much else after that because their teacher starts handing out the syllabuses. But at the end of class, he nudges her and tells her he’ll see her tomorrow. And Rey doesn’t know why but she’s actually looking forward to it. …………………………………………………………………………………………………….. She and Finn start to take more notice of each other over the next few days. They were polite before and now they’re rather friendly towards each other. They go from just saying hello to having small conversations about things that happened in their Media class. ‘I swear I almost fell asleep during that video yesterday.’ Finn says. ‘I know; I think I heard you snore for a moment.’ Rey laughs and leans back against her locker. ‘You did not.’ He smirks. ‘I did too-,’ ‘Eighty- seven, we’ve been looking all over for you.’ Finn and Rey turn to see four other members of the football team walking towards them. Rey recognizes them to be Finn’s “clique” so to speak, a group of boys often referred to each other by their player numbers, something Rey always found to be a little obnoxious. The boy who calls out to him is one that goes by the name Nines. They pay little mind to Rey as they stroll up to him and practically pull him away with them. Finn gives her an apologetic look before following along with them. He doesn’t look like he fits with them. She’s quickly learning that Finn’s actually a sweet boy. It’s not like Rey thought that because he happened to be the popular “jock” type that he would have a shit personality; he just surprises her with how different he is from the rest of his circle. ……………………………………………………………………………………………………… Two weeks into the semester, and their Media teacher Mr. Kirkpatrick announces a huge project for the class. ‘You’re going to get together in pairs and create a little documentary to present to the class about a topic of your choosing.’ There’s a buzz about the class, with everyone except Finn and Rey trying to catch eyes with people they hoped to partner up with but Mr. Kirkpatrick shuts them down quick. ‘I will be choosing the partners for this project,’ he announces to a chorus of groans. ‘…and just to be clear it’s your end of term project and it’s worth forty percent of your grade, so no half-assed work.’ Rey’s shoulders slump because she’s never been a big fan of partner projects, often times the workload is unevenly distributed and personalities clash—so she braces herself when Mr. Kirkpatrick announces who is partnering with who. ‘Your desk buddy will be your assigned partner.’ He says. And Rey sighs with relief, she thinks Finn does too. They smile at each other. ……………………………………………………………………………………………………… ‘Have you got any ideas?’ Rey asks as she leans on her windowsill, her chin is perched on her fist as she talks to Finn, who is sitting by own bedroom window. ‘I want to do something interesting, but I don’t know what.’ He shrugs. Rey’s about to suggest that they could probably do something about his adoption if he would be okay with it, but she recalls her mother telling her that it was a rather difficult time for Finn and the Dameron family so she quickly pushes that thought from her mind. They talk some more and don’t entirely stay on the topic of the assignment until eventually they’re talking about literally anything else. ‘What music do you like?’ Rey asks over the sound of crickets that begin to fill the silence around them. The sky is getting dark now and Rey realizes they’ve been talking for hours now. His eyes light up and he grins. ‘Hold on.’ He disappears into his room and comes back with an ipod and a portable dock. He sets it on the windowsill and presses a button. The soft strum of a guitar drift out of the speakers. I want you Yeah I want you And nothing comes close To the way that I need you ‘Who’s this?’ Rey smiles. ‘Just a band that I like—they’re called Seafret.’ He shrugs sheepishly. ‘I like them.’ She nods. Finn smiles. ‘They’re playing a music festival the next state over in May. I’m begging my parents to let me go because they hardly ever come here.’ He adds. ‘If you uh, want to hear other stuff by them you can borrow my ipod for a while.’ Finn offers. Rey holds out her hands and Finn detaches the ipod from the dock before tossing it the short distance into her hands. ‘Thanks.’ She grins but it falters when she sees a blood slowly start to trickle out of his nostril. ‘Oh, you’ve got another um…’ He sighs and lifts a finger to his nose. ‘I should go take care of this. Enjoy the music.’ He says. ‘I’ll see you on Monday.’ …………………………………………………………………………………………………….. Only she doesn’t see him on Monday. The chair at their shared desk is empty when she enters the classroom that morning. Rey frowns, knowing it’s not like Finn to miss a class. He’s one of those kids that gets an award at the end of the year for perfect attendance. She wants to give him his ipod back. She wants to tell him that she’s fallen in love with the music he’d shown her and that she could probably convince her brother Ben to take them to the concert if she was nice enough to him for a while. But as she settles down at the now spacious desk, she decides it will have to wait until tomorrow. But he’s not there on Tuesday either. And now Rey’s a little concerned. ‘Have you heard any news about Finn, Mr. Kirkpatrick?’ Rey questions as she wanders up to his desk after sharpening her pencil. He looks up from the papers he’s grading. ‘Hm? Oh, yes. I received an email from Mrs. Dameron Sunday night. Finn has been excused for the rest of the week.’ He answers. ‘The rest of the week?’ Rey frowns. ‘Why?’ Her teacher sighs and leans back in his chair. ‘I’m sorry, Rey. I can’t disclose that information with you. Mrs. Dameron has wished that the matter be kept private.’ ‘Okay.’ She nods reluctantly. ‘Thank you, sir.’ ‘You’re welcome. Have you thought about what you’re going to do for your documentary?’ ‘Not yet, I’ll have to wait until I see Finn again.’ She replies. On Wednesday, there’s still no sign of Finn. At the end of class, Mr. Kirkpatrick pulls her aside again once everyone files out of the classroom. ‘Rey, I just want to let you know that if for any reason Finn is unable to complete his portion of the project, you will still be graded appropriately on your half and will not lose marks, alright?’ Rey balks at him. ‘Sir, why are you telling me this? Is something wrong with Finn?’ He scratches the back of his neck and clears his throat. ‘I’m not saying anything is wrong at the moment, it’s just something you should know.’ …………………………………………………………………………………………………… She finally sees him on Thursday morning. She’s standing outside waiting for the bus when Mr. and Mrs. Dameron come walking out of the house with Finn following close behind. He’s got a hoody pulled over his head and keeps his gaze dropped downward as he follows his parents to the car. She waves to him. ‘Finn!’ He glances up only for a second because it’s a reflex. As soon as he can he averts his gaze away from her and gets in the car. Her heart sinks and slowly, her hand drops to her side. Mrs. Dameron gives her a sympathetic look. ‘Is everything okay?’ She asks. Hesitantly, Mrs. Dameron smiles. ‘Yes, everything’s fine. He just upset about his appointment today.’ ‘Maria, we’re going to be late.’ Mr. Dameron calls out from the driver’s seat. He turns to the young Solo girl. ‘Sorry but we have to go, Rey. Have a good day at school.’ Rey looks at the backseat of the car and catches Finn looking at her before he quickly looks away again. ……………………………………………………………………………………………………… That weekend Rey watches from her window as Poe Dameron pulls up in the driveway of his house. She’s been worried all week about what’s going on in the Dameron house and the fact that Poe was now home when he should be away at university and the way their oldest son whips his car door open and rushes into the house only further concerns Rey. That coupled with the fact that Finn’s bedroom light always seems to be off and he ignores her every time she tries to get his attention has her desperate for answers. ‘Slow down, kid.’ Her father chuckles at her from across the table as Rey quickly scarfs down the food on her plate. ‘You’re eating like uncle Chewie on thanksgiving.’ ‘What’s your hurry?’ Leia questions, an amused look on her face. She swallows a mouthful of food and wipes her mouth on the back of her hand before answering. ‘I’m going over to see Finn.’ ‘Finn? I had no idea you guys were friends.’ Leia says. She shrugs. I thought we were . ‘Well he hasn’t been in school for a while and I’m going to drop off his homework for him.’ Rey replies. ‘Why’s he missing school?’ Han asks with mild interest. ‘That’s what I’m going to figure out.’ She says and quickly finishes the rest of her meal. ‘Mum, can I take some of your cookies to Finn?’ ‘Of course,’ Leia says. ‘Otherwise your father will eat them all.’ She gives Han a pointed look, and he shrugs sheepishly in return. Rey waits patiently on the door step of the Dameron house after ringing the bell with Finn’s homework in one hand and the tin of her mother’s cookies tucked under her arm. His ipod is tucked safely in her back pocket. It’s Mr. Dameron that opens the door, his tie hanging loose around his neck and the bags under his eyes are evidence of his exhaustion—yet he manages to produce a small smile. ‘Hello, Rey.’ He greets. ‘Good evening, Mr. Dameron. Is Finn home?’ She asks. His lips purse together and he nods hesitantly. ‘Yes, he is.’ ‘Could I see him? I brought him some stuff from school and I need to return his ipod.’ She pleads. Mr. Dameron lets out a gentle sigh before stepping aside. Rey thanks him before stepping into the house. ‘His room up the stairs, the last door on the left.’ ‘Oscar, que está en la puerta?’ Mrs. Dameron asks as she comes around the corner and stops when she sees her. Rey can’t help but take in the older woman’s equally tired appearance and notice her tear stained cheeks. ‘She’s just here to drop some stuff off for Finn,’ he explains. ‘You’ll be quick, won’t you?’ ‘Of course,’ she nods. Maria Dameron nods before disappearing into the next room with Oscar in tow. Rey proceeds upstairs and follows Oscar’s directions to Finn’s room. The door is half open, so she knocks before she enters. ‘Finn?’ She calls out but the room is empty. She looks around the fair sized room and smiles. She expects to see a room filled with sports memorabilia and maybe some posters of half naked girls on the wall, because that’s probably what an ordinary seventeen-year-old football star would have in his room—but she obviously knows now that Finn is not ordinary. His room is nerd central. There’s video games and sci-fi posters and action figures still in their original packaging behind a glass case. He’s even got little glow in the dark stars glued to his ceiling. ‘Rey?’ His voice startles her and she turns on her heel to face him. ‘Hey, how have you been?’ She asks. ‘Fine,’ He shrugs and closes the door behind him, leaving it open just a crack. ‘What are you doing here?’ She frowns. ‘I brought you some stuff.’ Slowly, he makes his way over to his desk and sits in the chair. ‘I have your homework.’ ‘Thanks,’ He mutters. ‘You can leave it anywhere.’ ‘I also have some cookies that my mum made.’ She shakes the tin. He lets out a heavy sigh through his nostrils. ‘I haven’t got much of an appetite these days, but thank you.’ Finn replies quietly. Rey’s heart begins to sink into her stomach over Finn’s cold attitude. She sets the cookies and homework aside and reaches into her back pocket to pull out his ipod. ‘Here,’ she holds it out to him. ‘I’ve been listening to that band non-stop since you gave it to me. I’ve probably heard the whole Tell Me It’s Real album fifty times.’ There’s a flicker of warmth in his eyes as he reaches forward and takes it from her. ‘You like them that much, huh?’ He asks, cracking a smile. She grins. ‘ Atlantis puts me to sleep every night.’ ‘Yeah, that’s a pretty good one.’ ‘Finn,’ She begins, taking a deep, steadying breath. ‘What’s going on with you?’ The smile disappears from his face as he casts his gaze downward. ‘I don’t want to talk about it.’ ‘But you have to!’ ‘Why do I have to?’ He argues. ‘Because…I don’t know. I miss you.’ She admits, chewing at the inside of her cheek. She waits for his reaction. He looks up at her, swallowing hard. ‘I’m sick.’ Her brow furrows in confusion. ‘Sick? What do you mean? How sick?’ Finn chuckles, but it’s completely devoid of humour. ‘Like… cancer sick.’ ‘Cancer?’ She repeats numbly. ‘I have leukemia.’ ‘A-are you going to die?’ ‘I don’t know.’ He shrugs. ‘The doctor I went to says I have the rapidly growing type. I start treatment in a week.’ He sounds so defeated when he talks about it. It bothers her. ‘Why do you sound like that?’ Finn gives her a confused look. ‘Sound like what?’ ‘Like you’ve already given up.’ She says. ‘Maybe I have…’ He answers. ‘You’re just accepting you’re going to die?’ He stares at her and she stares back. ‘What do you think I should do then?’ Finn snaps. He doesn’t mean to raise his voice; she can tell by the guilty look he has on his face after he does. ‘Anything besides what you’re doing now.’ She sighs. He bites his bottom lip and shakes his head. ‘I don’t want to talk about this anymore.’ Rey nods, taking a few steps backward toward his bedroom door. ‘Well, you know where to find me when you do.’ ……………………………………………………………………………………………………… After a week or so, Rey all but gives up hoping that Finn will speak to her again. It hurts her, obviously, because they were heading in the direction of being good friends but now that he wanted seemingly wanted nothing to do with her—with anyone for that matter—it seems like any hope of a friendship would be lost. And then he walks into Media class that morning. He’s looking a little gaunter than usual but he’s smiling as he greets Mr. Kirkpatrick. Rey watches him as he takes his seat beside her. ‘Hey.’ He smiles gently. ‘Hey.’ ‘I’m sorry about what I said last week-,’ ‘You have nothing to apologize for.’ She shakes her head. ‘I should have been more sensitive.’ ‘No, what you said made sense to me.’ He says. ‘So I was wondering if you would still have me as your partner for the documentary?’ She grins. ‘Of course.’ ‘Great, because…I think I have a good idea.’ ……………………………………………………………………………………………………… Rey adjusts the camera on the tripod so that Finn sits properly in it’s frame. She presses the record button and rushes to stand out of the way. ‘Okay,’ She says. ‘It’s recording.’ Finn clears his throat and nervously scratches the back of his neck. ‘Hey…uh, my name is Finn Dameron. I’m seventeen years old and I go to D’Qar Secondary school. About two weeks ago, I was diagnosed with acute lymphocytic leukemia. In the beginning, I was really upset—furious actually, and I still am. But, this really awesome girl named Rey,’ His eyes flick to her and he grins as she waves her hand in front of the camera. ‘helped me realize that my fight’s not over until it’s over. So we’re going to document my treatment and recovery for our term project. And while I hope we get a really good grade—I’m also looking forward to watching this once I beat this thing to see how far I’ve come.’ ‘And what are we doing today?’ Rey asks. ‘In honor of my first day of chemotherapy tomorrow, we’re going to shave my head—you know, since I’ll probably lose my hair anyway.’ He chuckles. Rey steps in front of the camera and plugs in the electric razor before coming to stand behind Finn. ‘Right, so you know I’ve never given anyone a proper haircut before, right? Just for the record.’ ‘That’s cool, it’s all coming off anyway.’ He shrugs and places the towel over his shoulders. ‘Alright. Let’s do this.’ Notes: Apologies for any mistakes made, I will correct them later. Please leave some feedback if you are able, if not, thanks so much for reading! Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Blame it on the Plot bunnies series Next Work →