Hux brushed his wet hair back, sighing as he stood under the hot water of his shower. It was doing wonders for his tired body, melting away tension and stress in a way that few things could. He would have had a glass of brandy after his shift to relax, but he couldn't exactly do that anymore. He smiled softly as he looked down at his slightly distended stomach. He was just barely showing, early enough in the pregnancy to still hide it. Not that he cared what anyone would think-he was the fiercest person on this ship, aside from Ren, omega or not-he just knew it was a weakness that too many people would exploit if they knew. Currently, the only ones that knew were his trusted lifelong friend, Phasma, and Mitaka. Hux hadn't intended for the lieutenant to find out, the man had just come in at an unfortunate moment and had seen the tell-tale sign of pregnancy in the subtle change in his body and scent. Surprisingly, Hux hadn't had to threaten Mitaka to keep him quiet, he had apologized immediately and left. He had, however, stopped Hux later that day-making sure they were alone first-that he would help with anything Hux needed for the baby that would be to conspicuous for him to get himself. Hux supposed he was quite fortunate for both the lieutenant and the captain, but above all else, he was grateful for his mate. Ren hadn't marked him yet-another weakness for both of them, seeing as they wouldn't be able to hide their changed scents-so as far as anyone was concerned, neither of them were mated. They were mated in all the ways that mattered, however. And Ren was doing what he could for Hux, who was determined to do everything himself. He was pregnant, not incapacitated, for kriffs sake. For the most part, nothing had changed between him and the knight. Both still had their own lives, both still had their own schedules to keep. They couldn't spend every second together like in some holorecord. They didn't even share a bed most nights. But Ren would do small things for him occasionally. Sneak into Hux's quarters to make him some exotic tea he'd brought back from a mission, and slipping out just before Hux woke; admittedly Hux loved it when Kylo would make him various teas the most so far. Sometimes Ren would find the time to massage the days stress away before Hux drifted off to sleep, his strong saber-worn hands able to soothe away the tension in Hux's neck and shoulders easily. It was as if Ren was courting him, even though he already had him. It was endearing, really. Hux had planned out everything once he’d found that he was pregnant, from Ren helping him make subtle changes in his uniforms to hide the pregnancy-he really had quite a skill when it came to clothing, Hux supposed it must have been an inherited skill from his grandmother-to scheduling a mission that he and Ren would take when it became no longer possible to hide the pregnancy, as well as the medical staff that would assist him with the birth. Ren had suggested that they do a home birth with no medical assistance. “It was how my grandfather had been born, Hux. It’s perfectly fine.” Hux had almost should him on sight. Neither Anakin Skywalker nor Darth Vader were good examples for anything, but Hux didn’t voice these thoughts out loud. He simply told Ren he was insane if he thought Hux wasn’t going to have medical personnel present, then continued to ignore Ren’s attempt to convince him. Hux was pulled from his thoughts by pain lancing through his abdomen, enough to make him double over with a gasp. He braced himself against one wall of the shower, frowning as he panted softly. The pain gradually faded away, and his straightened himself, still leaning against the cool wall for support. He felt a light presence in the surface of his mind. A soft impression of ‘are you okay?’ Hux nodded to himself, turning off the shower and reaching to grab a towel, wrapping it around himelf before stepping out into the tick air of the steamed up refresher. He’s probably just eaten something he shouldn’t have that was now making him a little sick. “I’m fine,” he murmured, and that presence left with what felt almost like a caress. As if there were phantom fingers brushing over his cheek or through his hair. Hux smiled softly, toweling himself off. There were quite a few benefits to having ones lover being a Force-user. One of those being the ability to communicate immediately when needed. As he stepped out of the warmth of the refresher and into his cold room, he felt another wave of pain spear through his abdomen. Alright, that was not food poisoning. Ren’s presence was back in his thought’s immediately, much stronger than the wisp of his presence before. ‘Hux, what is it?’ He sounded urgent. Amazing, given that it wasn’t a voice he had in Hux’s thoughts. “Something… something’s wrong,” he gasped, eyes widening as another wave sent him to his knees. Then he felt a warmth dripping wetly down the insides of his thighs-it couldn’t be slick, he wasn’t in heat-and when he looked down, he saw red smearing on his pale skin. Blood. That was never good. Especially during… “ Ren !” Chapter 2 Notes: Trigger warnings: pregnancy complications still “ Ren !” ‘ I’m coming !” Ren’s presence in his mind was almost oppressive as he cascaded over his thoughts like rolling thunder. Ren had already been heading towards Hux’s quarters to check on him-his lover had a habit of downplaying any physical ailments, knowing Ren would likely sentence him to bedrest-but as Hux called out for him, fear making his voice thick, heavy, Ren started running for him. Past officers and stormtroopers who practically threw themselves out of his way as he tore down the halls, a vision of death itself as he dark robes billowed around him. None of them could possibly know just what was happening to their general while they went about their jobs, oblivious. Kylo sent his scattered thoughts to Mitaka, ordering him to go to medbay and make sure that there was a separate, secure room ready for Hux, as well as a doctor, but no nurses. Kylo knew the doctors could be trusted, they had been the ones supplying Hux with birth control and suppressants-not to mention Ren had scanned through their thoughts jus to be sure they were trustworthy-but he didn’t have time to evaluate the nurses. Thankfully, Mitaka immediately stopped what he was doing and did as he was told. Ren had thought he would need to intimidate the lieutenant to make him comply, but he didn’t need that extra motivation. He genuinely cared about Hux and his baby-Ren had scanned his thoughts once, and had picked up on the memory of Mitaka’s sister, who’d had to go through her pregnancy alone, with no one but Mitaka to be there with her. Hux had, at one point, suggested making Mitaka the godfather, and after seeing how much Mitaka was willing to help, Ren had immediately agreed. The beta was a good man, very dedicated to things he felt to be important, and would see to it that he did anything he could for Hux and the baby, not just because Hux was his senior officer, but because he didn’t want Hux going through the same hell his sister had. Phasma was, of course, the godmother. She would destroy the galaxy with nothing but her bare hands and her blaster for Hux’s child, seeing as Hux was the closest thing she’d ever had to a son, despite their closeness in age. Hux even sometimes referred to as Phasmom when he was in no danger of being overheard by a trooper or any of the officers. As Mitaka made his way to medbay, almost running-but not quite, just walking briskly to not attract unwanted attention to what he’d been sent to do-Ren punched in the override code to Hux’s quarters. Something only he had access to, given that he was Hux’s co-commander, and it could be dangerous for anyone else to possess that information with Hux being an omega. The door opened too slowly for Ren’s liking, and he rushed inside and through Hux’s quarters to his bedroom as soon as he was able. He was met with the sight of Hux bolding himself up against his desk, blood smeared on his inner thighs, and a small pool of it at the arch of his foot. Had Ren really taken that long to get to him? “Ren-“ he said hoarsely, fear even more evident in his voice now that Ren was physically with him, before being cut off with another pained gasp. Ren wasted no time in picking Hux’s towel up-he must have dropped it when he fell-and wrapping it around him again. He gathered Hux up in his arms, making sure the towel covered as much of him as possible. “I’ve got you, general.” He tried to sound comforting, his voice soft, but the vocoder in is mask made his voice just as gravely, just as deep, as always. He held Hux to his chest, cradling him in a way he knew the man hated, but dearly needed, and carried him out of the room. The medbay wasn’t too far away, Ren could make in a few minutes if he ran. Down the hall, left, down another hall, another left, down a longer hall, straight until the last right. And it was one level below. Instead of running, Ren held onto Hux tighter and vaulted over the edge of the railing, getting to the next level faster than walking through all of those halls. Now he only had to turn right and run straight. Hux hissed in pain, burying his face against Ren’s shoulders, breathing in his thick scent. He was hoping it would help to calm him, but Ren’s scent was too agitated to be very soothing. It would have helped better if they had been better if they had been properly mated, but they’d both agreed to wait a while before doing that. People-officers, not troopers-stopped to stare as Ren ran as much as he was able with Hux in his arms. There was no mistaking that it was that it was the general in his arms. While his red hair was uncommon, it wasn’t rare enough that there weren’t others on the Finalizer with similar coloring. There wasn’t, however, any other redhead Ren would do this for. Anyone else, he probably wouldn’t have done anything for. Maybe alert medbay, if he felt they were necessary enough to have around. Finally, he reached the medbay, and Mitaka was waiting there to usher him into Hux’s empty room where a doctor waited with several medical droids. No nurses. Ren laid Hux on the bed as gently as he could, before taking off his mask and tossing it aside. He knew Hux hated it, and he knew Hux needed his mate right now, not the shadow of death that haunted the halls of the Finalizer . Mitaka went outside to give them privacy and ensure that no one attempted to come in, and Ren brushed Hux’s still damp hair back from his ashen face. The doctor spread his legs and propped them up to examine Hux and allow the droids better access for their tests to find out what was wrong. The medical droids beeped at the doctor and each other as they ran scans over Hux’s lower body, but Ren was unable to focus on them enough to understand. “Ren…” His voice was choked, as if he were holding back tears even though his eyes were dry. “I’m here, Hux.” He took his hand and squeezed softly, never one for much physical displays around others, and Hux squeezed back as if his life depended on it. He clearly had some idea of what was happening to him, and was too afraid to voice it. Ren tried dipping into Hux’s thoughts shallowly, but all he was met with was the crumbling of his organized mind and a repeating of “no, no, no,” like bells ringing too loud in his head. “It’s alright, Hux, you’re going to be just fine,” he whispered in what he hoped was a reassuring tone as he bent down to kiss Hux’s temple, rubbing the back of his hand with his thumb. “You’re going to be just fine.” He hoped. He had picked up on the echo of Hux’s fear, and it gripped his heart as he rubbed at Hux’s side with his free hand, looking at the doctor as that cold fear wrapped around his heart like a vice and tried to squeeze the life out of him when the doctor spoke. “The General is having complications. He needs an emergency c-section right now . Chapter 3 Notes: I'm so sorry it's been forever since I updated ;^; please don't hate me, I promise to update more often! I kind of lost the inspiration for this, so the beginning of this chapter is a little rough, but I managed to get back into the swing of things by the end and even planned out the next chapter! Now, I must update my other 3 stories :') “ What ?” “ What ?!” They spoke at the same time. Hux, a shrill, frightened shout. Ren a low growl, menacing even without his mask. Perhaps even more so. “I can’t! I’m not due for months !” “Sir, this is inarguable. If you don’t you, could lose your life.” “If I do, I will lose my child !” “Sir-“ Before anything else could be said, Hux collapsed limply on the bed, Ren’s hand outstretched as he carded his fingers through Hux’s hair, looking at him with a pained expression. “Do what you need to do,” He said to the doctor, voice little more than a growl. He stroked at Hux’s cheek, knowing the general would never forgive him for this. But it was what was best. Ren couldn’t lose him, not now. Hux was too important to the Order, and to him personally. But it still hurt as he watched the doctor put on gloves and a mask, watching as one of the droids cut through Hux’s abdomen with a precision laser. That was his child, too. Just as much a part of him as it was of Hux. But it would be fine, just like he said. It had to be. The child would be able to survive, taken care of for the rest of the gestation period by the different machines and life support that had been used for hundreds of thousands of clones. Surely there’s was something similar enough to that on the Finalizer . Ren refocused his attention on Hux’s face. Expression softened by his unconsciousness, looking serene and almost angelic. He picked up Hux’s hand, his other one still gently stroking the omega’s cheek, before moving down to trace his thumb over the unmarked skin of his neck. He hoped that one day he could mark Hux. He hoped one day Hux would allow him to, after this. Ren kept his eye trained on Hux’s face, unable to watch as the doctor and droid cut through Hux’s abdomen. He could remember when he’d first found out about the baby. Hux had been hesitant to tell him, now sure how Ren would react to being told he was soon to be a father. He hadn’t even known if the knight was permitted to be with Hux, let alone start a family with him. He’d later found out that it was the Jedi that forbade attachments. Seeing as Ren wasn’t a Jedi, nor a Sith for that matter, he was permitted to have any attachment he wanted; Snoke even encouraged it, after seeing how much stronger Ren became with the desire to protect his family from any threat, and the passion that Hux evoked in him. He’d just never found anyone to get attached to before. Hux hadn’t been sure he even wanted to keep the child, despite whatever Ren would think. Having children, a mate, had never been part of his plan. He hadn’t ever hid his orientation, wanting to prove that omega’s could be just as strong, just as able, as any alpha. He wanted to prove he could be better than the best alpha. But he couldn’t deny the feeling he got from imagining a future with Ren. When the war was over, and order was finally brought to the galaxy. When he knew he and Ren would be able to raise their child without having to worry about anything else, not the child being captured for leverage, or caught in the crossfire. His decision had been further cemented when he saw just how happy Ren was when he’d found out. Before Hux had even finished speaking, Ren was in front of him, hands on his stomach. As soon as he felt that spark of light, he fallen to his knees, arms wrapped around Hux with his head pressed to Hux’s still flat abdomen. Hux had pulled off Ren’s helmet, tossing it aside, and seen the tears leaking freely down Ren’s cheeks. Hux didn’t need the Force to see that it was tears of joy, of pride, of hope for the future. They would give their baby the childhood neither of them had, making sure they knew that they were loved, always, and never had so much as a flicker of doubt. Hux’s own joy and pride had quickly turned to annoyance at the small army assembled to keep him from taxing himself. It was a known fact that Hux would overwork himself, taxing his health for the sake of the Order, always working even when he was off duty, and in many cases, when he should be sleeping. He also had horrible eating habits, subsisting primarily on caf and nutrition bars. It had started out with Ren, who tried to make Hux put away his datapad and go to bed. That was just a mild annoyance, one Hux was accustomed to. Then, Phasma started doing it as well. When she would see him on the bridge long after he should have left, she practically led him back to his quarters at blaster point, where Ren waited to ensure he went to bed. Then even Mitaka, the traitor. He wouldn’t try to get Hux to stop working, he wouldn’t dare. He did, however, hint quite often that maybe he should go check on something in a different part of the ship, always something with little importance and much less stress than his usual work. He would also, without fail, discreetly make sure Hux was eating. Usually by leaving nutrition bars, or fruits, occasionally cured meats and the like on Hux’s desk. He never actually saw Mitaka do it. But he had no doubt it was the lieutenant. Phasma and Ren weren’t so covert in their attempts to keep him healthy. He was grateful, though, as annoying as the disruptions were. It became its own routine, and Hux didn’t really lament the loss of his old routine. Less work got completed, but it wasn’t enough to worry about. Not to mention he felt healthier than ever, not constantly on the verge of malnutrition and exhausted. Ren kept his eyes trained on Hux for the entire procedure, memorizing the serene planes of his face, not knowing when Hux would again look so calm and untroubled. When the doctor put his hand on Hux shoulder, bare, he took a deep breath and turned his attention to the pale man. “I’m sorry, commander-“ Ren held up his hand, jaw clenched to the point it almost felt as if his teeth would shatter. “Get out,” he said softly, his voice belying the rage, the sorrow, just beneath his calm exterior. The doctor quickly obeyed, all but running out of the door to leave Ren alone with Hux. He looked down at Hux’s one again flat stomach, the incision stitched and covered with bacta and bandages, before pulling a blanket over to cover him. He gathered Hux in his arms, Hux’s head tucked under his chin, and closed his eyes before allowing Hux to finally open his. “Ren…” He could feel a wet patch in his hair, and he knew by the subtle shaking of Ren’s body that it was the man’s tears wetting his hair. Unbidden, tears filled his own. “Is it okay? Is our baby alright?” Ren only have a choked sob, shaking his head as his weeping became more obvious. Hux shook his own, gripping harshly at Ren’s arm. “Ren, please…” The knight just held onto him tighter, burying his face against Hux’s neck. “I’m sorry, Hux. I’m so sorry,” he said, voice ragged and harsh. Hux just threw his fists against Ren’s chest, shaking his head in denial as tears blinded him. “No, no! I don’t believe you!” Ren let Hux hit him. Let him scream, let him cry, his hold not once faltering on the omega, whispering ‘I’m sorry,’ again and again to him eve as it did nothing to sooth the distressed man. Eventually, Hux cried himself to exhaustion, finally going limp in Ren’s arms after what seemed like hours. Ren wrapped the blanket around Hux and carried him from the medbay, eyes red-rimmed and raw, face still wet with tears. Officers and stormtroopers looked at the pair with a mix of pity and horror. Some wondered what could have brought the fearsome knight to tears, others likely feared Hux was nothing more than a corpse in Ren’s arms. Their thoughts swirled around and mixed inside of Ren’s mind, he was too unstable to do anything to block out their thoughts, and he didn’t do anything to assuage or confirm their fears. Let them think what they wanted; he had more important things to take care of. He brought Hux to their shared quarters and laid him on the bed gently, pulling the thick blankets over him before bending down to press a kiss to his temple. “I’m so sorry,” he whispered, brushing Hux’s hair away from his face. He made sure Hux was tucked in securely and turned off his datapad, hiding it for good measure after setting his status to ‘do not disturb’. Once he was sure Hux would be left alone, he numbly put on his armor and robes, grabbed his helmet, and made his was down to his command shuttle. Chapter 4 Notes: Woo! two updates into two days after a month of radio silence! I am on a roll. So I'm not really sure where I'm going with the story after the next chapter or two, since I never wrote down the original idea, just part of the first chapter and a note that said "postpartum depression". I could end it, but I don't like open endings. So any idea of how you want this to end? If someone comes up with an idea I like, I may use it (with credit, of course) Hux woke to a cold, empty bed, the blankets wrapped around him in a mockery of a lovers embrace. He had a brief park of hope that he’d only had a nightmare, that Ren was on a mission and the previous night had only been a nightmare. He hoped desperately that none of it was real. That hope was crushed into nothing when he rested his hand on his once again flat stomach, feeling nothing but the bacta patch. He bit his lip to keep himself quite as his eyes filled with tears and his shoulders shook with muffled sobs. He curled up in his side, taking one of Ren’s pillows and pulling it close in the hopes that the alphas muted scent would comfort him, if even only a little bit. His shaking hand stayed on his abdomen, as if he were subconsciously trying to protect the child that wasn’t there. Hux didn’t know how long he stayed like that, body trembling under the blankets and tears soaking the pillow clutched desperately in his free hand. He figured he wasn’t needed on the bridge, seeing as how his datapad wasn’t chiming with any messages. Then again, he was too far gone to realize his datapad wasn’t where he had left it the day before. Eventually, someone showed up at the door to Hux’s quarters, a chime sounding to alert Hux to the officer asking permission for entrance. He didn’t say anything, simply burrowing farther into the blankets in hopes that whoever it was would go away. Of course, they didn’t. Hux’s luck wasn’t that good, and it seemed he had finally run out of any luck he may have had in the past two days. Thankfully, though, it wasn’t some officer coming to him with a report of some imminent danger. It was just Mitaka coming to check up on him, likely because no one had seen him for the entire shift. “Sir…” Hux pulled the blanket down enough to look over at Mitaka with red-rimmed eyes and tear-stained, blotchy cheeks. Mitaka’s eyes widened in shock, as if he’d never even thought his proud general could look so weak, vulnerable. “Where is Lord Ren, Lieutenant?” he asked hoarsely, voice rough and throat sore. Mitaka just looked bewildered, before hesitantly answering. “He’s… gone, sir. He left last night. I don’t know where, and the logs don’t say he was dispatched for a mission.” Hux nodded solemnly, eyes brimming with tears again. “Alright. Thank you, Lieutenant,” he said softly, voice choked with the effort to not break down in front of the beta. He laid his head back down on his pillow, pushing Ren’s away from him as he pulled the blankets higher. Ren had left him, wanted nothing to do with him anymore. Hux had proven he was incapable of carrying a child-the very thing omegas existed to do-and now he was gone. Disappearing into the vacuum of space without so much as a goodbye. “Alright,” he said again, voice little more than a whisper as he buried his face in his pillow, rolling over to put his back to Mitaka. He heard the sound of the closet being opened, and clothes being sifted through, before Mitaka came back and draped a shirt around Hux’s shoulders. Before Hux could say anything, Mitaka was taking off his boots and sitting on the bed behind Hux. “What are you doing, Lieutenant?” “After what happened, you need to not be alone right now.” He waited for Hux to tell him off, and when instead the general only nodded, Mitaka reached out to card his fingers through Hux’s hair. Hux closed his eyes, leaning into the touch as he rolled back over to rest his head in Mitaka’s lap, holding Ren’s shirt to his face. Ren stood panting, his robes singed and dripping blood as he surveyed the carnage around him. Bodies surrounded him, and the stench of burning flesh and ozone permeated the air. He panted, powering down his lightsaber and clipping it to his belt, before jerking off his helmet so that he could breathe easier. He reveled in the havoc, the death, he’d caused. Yet another Resistance base-this one fairly small, but it was one of the bases that supplied medical supplies for Resistance righters-destroyed. He’d discovered it completely on accident while flying through the galaxy in search of something to kill. He didn’t want to hurt Hux, but he could feel himself filling with anger, with white-hot rage, at the injustice that Hux had miscarried. He knew that they weren’t good people. They had both committed atrocities for the better good, but casualties were something that couldn’t be avoided in war. They were expected, and they were mourned, but not everyone could survive the culling that was needed in order to cleanse the galaxy. They were the First Order’s top weapons, and they acted accordingly. Bit their child had been innocent. Their child hadn’t had a chance to do anything, whether it be something atrocious, or something inherently good. They may not deserve happiness, or life, but their child did. And it was taken from them before it even had a chance. Kylo threw his mask to the ground with an enraged scream and reignited his lightsaber, throwing himself into destroying everything within range. He would raze this base to the ground and leave nothing in his wake. Then the next, then the next, until there was nothing left. He was gone for nearly a month. 4 Resistance sympathizer compounds-all of them sending supplies to the Resistance-had been eradicated by him alone. He could sense Snoke’s approval from across the galaxy, but he didn’t care. He had left Hux alone too long, and he knew it. It had been stupid to leave his lover, but he’d thought it would be the best course of action to protect him. Looking back on that, he now thought he was a massive idiot and prick for leaving Hux alone for so long, and now his only priority was to get back to his general. No one dared to say anything as he came stalking through the halls, robes still stained dark with the blood of various species and burn marks. The scent of blood clung to his hunched figure; he could fear rolling off the officers in waves. He knew they had heard of what he had been doing, mass killings like what he’d done didn’t go unnoticed, especially when it was casualties consisting of one’s enemy. Whispers followed him through the halls as he made his way to his shared quarters. Whispers that were surprisingly about lieutenant Mitaka, of all people. “Someone should warn Mitaka.” “You know he keeps his datapad turned off right now.” “Lord Ren is going to kill him.” “Do you think someone would be able to run fast enough to get to him first?” “Poor Mitaka. He always did seem to be at the wrong place at the wrong time where Lord Ren is concerned.” Ren ignored all of them, having no desire to harm the lieutenant after how much he’s done to help Hux. That’s what he thought, at least, until he entered his quarters and walked into the bedroom, seeing Hux curled up with his head tucked up under Mitaka’s chin, clinging to the beta even as he slept. And to make matters worse, Mitaka was carding his fingers through Hux’s hair, lips pressed to the top of his head as he held him close in an intimate embrace. Without missing a beat, Ren’s hand was extended, jerking Mitaka to him with the Force so that he could have the pleasure of squeezing the life from him with his own hands, not giving him a chance for anything more than a surprised whimper before his hands were around his throat. “ Ren, stop !” Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux had lost all will to do anything, spiraling down into a pit of nothingness. A part of him felt vaguely ashamed. He was the general, and he had been hiding from his duties for a month, now. And Ren was nowhere to be seen. With both commanders MIA, it was amazing the Finalizer continued running smoothly. Hux knew from the few things he’d managed to pry out of Mitaka that Phasma had taken over. He wasn’t surprised at all at her initiative or her success. While Hux lost his will to live more and more each day, Mitaka was doing his best to keep the distraught omega comforted. They had begun a sort of routine where Mitaka would check on Hux in the morning to make sure he ate something, even if it was nothing more than a few small bites from a nutrition bar. Then he would go to the bridge for a few hours. After getting as much work done as he possibly could, he would return to try and make Hux eat something again, and he would stay with the general for around 3 hours. He would go back to the bridge after that, get more work done, then finally return to Hux for the sleep cycle. He would try-usually unsuccessfully by this point-to make Hux eat again, then stay with him until he finally fell asleep. Usually, once Hux had fallen asleep, Mitaka would quietly make his leave until the start of the next shift. But for the last few cycles, Hux has been allowing Mitaka to stay with him for the night, occupying Ren’s side of the bed. Hux no longer slept with his face buried in an article of Ren’s clothing, fully believing the alpha had abandoned him and wouldn’t be coming back anytime soon. Mitaka did what he could to assure Hux that wasn’t true, but Hux didn’t believe a word of what he said. And now, Ren dared come back and attack the one person that had stayed with him through all of this. Hux had come awake with a start when he felt Mitaka suddenly ripped from his arms, and, as quickly as he was able, pulled himself from the bed on shaky legs to confront the angered knight. “ Ren , Stop !” Ren didn’t do anything aside from taking one hand off of Mitaka’s neck to take off his mask and toss ot carelessly to the ground. Hux ran over to Ren and pulled at his hands, but the man didn’t budge one bit, so Hux tried instead to beat at his chest with bony fists. Ren used one of his hands to grip Hux’s hair and jerk his head to the side, leaning forward to inhale his scent. He nothed with disgust that it was mixed with Mitaka’s scent. “Whore,” he spat, shoving Hux’s away from him and watching as he fell to the floor. Mitaka look to Hux with worry, clawing at Ren’s hand in an attempt to get free. “And you ,” he hissed with contempt, releasing Mitaka just enough for him to get enough air to remain conscious. “I should have known you were up to more than just taking care of Hux when he was pregnant. That the minute I left him alone you would try to steal my mate from me.” “I’m not your mate,” Hux said evenly through gritted teeth as he pulled himself to his feet. the words enough to make Ren drop Mitaka in surprise. Hux was immediately at his side, kneeling as he held the gasping beta against him comfortingly. He rubbed gently at Mitaka’s throat, frowning at the already forming bruises. “ What ?” “I said, I’m not your mate.” “If not physically, then in spirit. You were the one that wouldn’t let me mark you.” “Obviously that was the right choice, seeing as you fucked off to stars know where when I fucking needed you . I needed you more than ever and you left the second things got hard.” Only then did Ren realize the state Hux was in. He was thin, thinner than Ren had ever seen him, having lost the weight he’d gained with the baby and then some. His once fitted tank top now hung around his frail looking frame; Ren used to say Hux’s bones were bird-like, but never had he more resembled a sick-looking bird than he did now. Ren could almost physically feel the pain rolling off of Hux. The sense of abandonment, the worthlessness. The thought that he wasn’t good enough. The once proud general reduced to nothing more than a shivering, sick wreck. All because of Ren. The knight wilted, wanting to comfort Hux. To nurse him back to health like one would do with a small, injured animal. But he knew Hux wouldn’t let him. That was proven when he tried to take a step closer and Hux held up his hand, stopping him. “Just go,” Hux said softly, and the words hit Ren like a physical blow. “Hux-“ “Leave!” Ren flinched, but turned to go, picking up his helmet before leaving back to his own dusty quarters. “Are you alright?” Hux asked Mitaka, brushing his dark hair back. Mitaka, breathing normal but face still flushed, nodded as he took Hux’s hand and squeezed it. “I’m fine, sir.” Hux sighed softly and nodded, standing up and extending a hand to help Mitaka up as well. Mitaka politely declined, not wanting to accidentally hurt Hux, and pulled himself to his feet. “I think I’m going to go, sir. Good night.” “Yes, I believe that would be best. Good night, Lieutenant.” Hux combed his fingers through Mitaka’s hair, fussing over him softly like a mother would for their child as he fixed it. Mitaka graciously allowed Hux to put his hair and uniform back in order, used to Hux sometimes showing his maternal instincts by now. Once he was done, he squeezed Mitaka’s shoulder. The beta responded with a polite smile before leaving, leaving Hux to crawl back into bed. Only after snagging one of Ren’s shirts from the closet. Notes: 3 chapters in one day! I still don't really know how I want the story to end, so any ideas or suggestions would be great! Chapter 6 Notes: I'm back!!! Sorry, but I was stolen by the LionTrust fandom. and I know this chapter is super short, it's just a filler, i'm working on a much longer one rn. SO SORRY FOR THE WAIT The next morning, Hux woke up with a feeling of determination he had in what felt like forever. He went through his old morning routine, showering, getting dressed, slicking his hair back, etc. And, only a few minutes slower than he would have normally been, he was ready for the day. He just had one thing left to do before he left for the bridge, much to the surprise of his crew. Ren, on the other hand, woke up with nothing but dread in his heart. He could feel it in his blood like sludge, moving slowly through his veins. Regret couldn’t even begin to describe what he felt for what had happened the night before. The things he had done, the things he had said - it was no wonder that Hux refused to mate with him before, if this was how he acted. First leaving Hux on his own after the most devastating thing that could happen to an omega, then to come back acting like he owned him, and attacking the one person that had been there for Hux while he’d fucked off across the galaxy. Ren couldn’t even bring himself to get out of bed-even as cold and dusty from disuse as it was-until he was alerted that someone was at his door. Ready to kill whoever it was that dared disturb hi, he got up and went to allow the person access, only to be greeted with a housekeeping droid, and a box. Frowning, he bent down to pick it up, and any hope he may have had that Hux would forgive him blinked out of existence when he set it on his table to open it, and peered inside. Its contents were all of Ren;s personal items-few though they were- that had gradually been added to Hux’s room. And, most heartbreakingly of all, the ring Ren had gifted Hux with lay on top, glinting in the low light of his quarters. Ren bit back a pained sound, as he picked up the ring, a match to his own, and held it to his chest over his heart. He stumbled his way back his quarters, curling up in his bed around the ring, proof that Hux no longer wanted anything to do with him. “I’m so sorry, Hux,” he cried, hiding his face in his pillow. A cold comfort to the complete despair he felt swallowing him whole.