A deep vibration runs up her arm, then settling somewhere in her heart as fiery blue light connects with his face. Rey finds her self in motion, but not quite her own. Something moves her towards her enemy, urging her to take the final blow and end this. Muscles lock up, yet her saber is still raised and ready. Moments pass like centuries, while minuscule clouds escape both their lungs before dissipating into the frigid night air. Less than a minute before, Rey wondered if she could keep up with Kylo Ren’s skill. Now, she felt like a predator waiting to strike its prey. At this moment she was not herself, instead the scene played out as if she was looking over her own shoulder. Sputtering, Kylo laid back in a layer of snow, but the cold atmosphere burned against his skin. He knew the gash must have been bad from the moment the searing pain of her saber bit into his flesh like a hungry animal. Wounds from all over his body screamed to be acknowledged while he felt a sickening sweet ache throb in his teeth. Waves of darkness crashed over his consciousness and eyes. Kylo forces short breathes to gasp for air, only to be met with a smoldering in his lungs. He’s brought back from pain for but a moment as trembles erupt from under his back. Snapped out of her trance, Rey’s eyes widen with realization. As the earth begins to shake her to the core, she stumbles backwards. Desperately, she gets away from her rival and the potential event that hangs in the air. As the earth gave way, Rey watched as Kylo struggled to sit up. He held a hand onto his wound, struggling to look at her. She met his eyes, he looked at her almost with awe. Rey gave him only a look of confusion before turning to run. Through blurred vision, Kylo sees Rey standing on the other side of the crack the earth had created. His mind tries to make sense of the events that happened, playing the moment when he was closest to her in particular. The look she gave him now reminded him of the confusion she had given him to his offer not long ago. All he could feel now was pain and wonderment, for this scavenger girl had gifted him both. Turning from him, he watched as Rey took off into the woods. Something in his chest twisted, an emotion he had not felt since he met her, reappeared. He had been unable to process it when they first met, but now he understood what the emotion was. Longing . His hand pressed harder on his shoulder wound, and he noticed his blood was the only thing warm around him. Kylo sincerely wondered how he would make it out of this situation, eyes darting around for any idea on how he wold get out of this situation. Struggling, he tries to stand. Reaching out mentally, he forces the blood pouring from him back into his body, pressing harder on his shoulder. Letting out a low growl, Kylo finally finds himself on two legs again. Cold air cuts through him as he starts his walk in the opposite direction of where the scavenger had ran away. Feet flying and breath hitching, Rey moves as quickly as possible to get back to Finn. Jumping over now fallen trees from her and Kylos fight, Rey sees a fallen figure in the distance. Eyes locking on him, she goes directly towards him. The sound of wind and blood pumping fill her ears before a scream does. Reys eyes dart from Finn to the source of the noise. Running towards Finn from the other side she sees resistance fighters. Confused she slowed as they desperately try to tell her something. Her muscles locked up to halt her advancement to Finn as she caught one of their words. “Stop!” Echoed in the wind, and Rey tried to catch her balance in time. Feet kicking back and eventually knocking herself back into the freezing snow, she peered as rocks gave way over the edge of a crevice much like the one she had just come from. Snapping her eyes up, Rey saw as three rebel fighters seemed to let out a breath of relief for her sake. Getting to her feet, she assessed the gap between her and Finn. Her heart told her to make the jump to him anyways, but she knew it was much too far. Now all she could do is watch as the team across the way went to work. Two helped carry Finn as the other one yelled to Rey. "Are you okay?“ They asked, all she could do is nod in response. "We need to get Finn to care urgently, but we will come back for you!” They continued. Rey shook her head and swallowed the lump in her throat before speaking. “No, I’ll find a way over, just worry about helping Finn!” She almost cried out. The fighter seemed to think for just a moment before taking the pack off their back quickly. “Here, take this at least! Be safe!” They tossed the pack to her as best as possible, she caught it just barely. Her hand hung over the crevice clutching onto the pack, and she watched as the fighter turned quickly to catch up with the others and Finn. Rey pulled the pack back, eyes still on Finn as he got further away. "Please be okay…“ She desperately whispered as a knot in her heart tightened. Closing her eyes she tried to get a hold of herself. Once she thought she could continue, she opened her eyes. Finn and the others were just barely out of sight now before disappearing into the trees. Rey looked down at the pack and slung it across her chest. She had to get moving. Turning she started moving by the edge of the crater that separated her from her friend. She would make it back to him, Rey promised herself. Her cheeks felt frozen as harsh wind beat down on them. She had never experienced cold like this, even the desert nights of Jakku never felt like this. Willing her legs to keep going, she looked around trying to make sense of where she was exactly. A while back she had to retreat back into the forest away from the edge of the cliff because the rocks beneath her feet there kept threatening to give away under her weight. Now she was in an unfamiliar forest, menacingly tall trees surrounding her. Blinking, she tried to keep her eyes open even though the cold made it hard to do so. Jelly legs kept her going though as she looked for something, anything to help her. Looking ahead she noticed a large, dark shape behind thick trees. Scrambling to get there faster she almost fell many times, grabbing onto trunks for purchase. As she got closer, she noticed that what she was seeing was the mouth of a cave entrance. She did not want to leave the mission of getting to Finn, but now the storm outside was picking up too much for her to keep going. Hopefully this cave would give safety from the storm. Looking down at her feet, the snow was up to her ankles now. She cursed herself for not thinking of bringing snowshoes with her, even though she could not have known this would happen. Stumbling into the cave entrance she unhooked her light saber from her belt. Turning it on, she used the blue light for both warmth and to see. As she got into the cave, the snow receded and turned into dark rock beneath her feet. Reys eyebrow furrowed as she noticed a dark red path leading farther into the cave. Blood? She wondered if a hurt animal was in here, or if this was just a stain. Leaning down, her fingers brushed against the trail. The blood was not quite dried, an left residue on her forefinger. Swallowing, she tried to think of how to proceed. She couldn’t go back out to the open forest, so the only thing she could think to do is continue on. Now she held her saber tighter and in a ready stance as she moved on. Darkness surrounded him, but he still struggled to keep his eyes open. Closing them felt like it would be his undoing. Kylo tried to focus on his breath. The sound echoed off the walls. He kept still, trying not to disturb his wounds too much. Sitting against the cave wall, he tried to keep himself from coming undone. A cold sweat had broken out in him, and even though the cave was away from the frigid wind, he still felt a chill to his bones. Just as he almost gave into letting his eyes rest, Kylo heard a sound from the far side of the cavern he resided in. Footsteps? Perhaps even a slight hum? Realizing that familiar sound of a light saber, he reached for his own only to remember that he no longer had it. Inwardly cursing himself, he tried to remain quiet as a dim blue light approached. His breath caught as he saw this, was it her? Eyes down, she continued forward following the trail. Almost jumping out of her skin as she saw a dark boot, Rey flew into fighting position. Moving the saber quickly to see the rest of the being in front of her she gasped. Eyes barely open, blood smearing his face and most of his body, Kylo Ren sat there looking up at her. Dark hair was plastered to his face from sweat and blood, and he looked in a state that she would describe as…melting? His lips parted as he creaked out a response to her presence. “Tracked me down, huh? Here to finish me off?” He was barely audible, but the sound still reverberated off the cave walls. Rey’s eyes around the scene trying to think of what to do. Her heart was racing as she thought of how this man had hurt the ones dearest to her. Even though she had not known her new found friends long, they meant the world to her and this man had taken one away and wounded another. Gritting her teeth as tears threatened to form, she spoke to him. “For what you’ve done, I should.” She gripped the light saber till she was sure her knuckles had turned white. Letting out a weak laugh, along with a cough for breath, Kylo nodded at her. “You’re right.” The two words shook her with surprise. He was admitting to his defeat? She figured he would fight till the end. Looking her dead in the eye with half open lids, he continued to speak to her. “I deserve it. Finish me off.” His words were dry. There was a lack of motivation in them, motivation to live. Rey felt something strange form within her. She knew this feeling from before. When she had her chance before the earth had separated the two of them. She wanted to kill him. Anger rose like a fire up her back. The way he so willingly would let her do it, somehow this made her even more furious. This fury, this anger, it was so inviting. To give in to this emotion though, she knew would have consequences. It was a false solution to her problems. Still, her muscles urged her to follow through with what he proposed. Straining, she lowered her stance. “No.” She whispered out, but there was a power in her words. Opening his eyes wider to her response, Kylo stared at her. Now he was the one to be angry. His dark eyebrows creased in displeasure. “No?” His voice was laced with irritation. How could she deny him this one last request? How could she deny herself the pleasure of getting rid of her enemy. Rey looked at him with defiance and repeated herself. Her words were as hard as the stone that surrounded them. Taken back by her strength, Kylo blinked, trying to understand what was happening. “I will not kill you, Kylo Ren.” She made the statement, her words etched themselves into stone and the back of Kylos mind. Taking a deep breath, Kylo released it with exasperation. He had no idea what she planned to do now, perhaps leave him here to suffer to his end on his own? Kneeling down, Rey took off the pack she had gotten from the fighters. Still using her saber to shine a light, she rummaged through the goods. Just as she had thought, she found a medpac. She also found a small, electric lamp. Setting the lamp out to light the area instead of her saber, she looked up at Kylo. He eyed her suspiciously, watching her every move. Reaching back into the medpac she took out a tube. Popping the top and looking at Kylo she let out a sigh. "You'll have to move your clothing." She whispered out as he stared at her as if she spoke a completely different language. Rolling her eyes she moved forward to remove the cowl he had around his neck. Kylo flinched back, away from her touch. She continued anyways and moved the clothing. He was much to tired to put up a fight anyways. Once his cowl was out of the way, she worked on removing all clothing on his torso. Rey was shocked to see how much blood covered his body. She wondered how he was still breathing. Using alcohol wipes from the medpac to clean up the wounds he had, she carefully went around them at first. She warned him that the next part would hurt as she carefully dabbed at the wounds themselves. Gritting his teeth and letting out a low hiss, Kylo took the pain without much complaining. He watched as she poured the contents of the tube she had onto the wound on his shoulder and neck. He reached over for the clothing she had laid beside him and used it as something to hold onto. He had felt the feeling of synthflesh before, but it never failed to burn as his wounds healed over themselves. Rey finished with the wounds he had on his torso before moving to the gash on his face. In the low light of the lamp, Kylo watched as Rey continued her previous methods of healing his wounds. "Why are you doing this?" He asked suddenly, through his teeth, making the words almost hiss out at her. Taken back by how his words struck through the silence, Rey stared at him for a moment before going back to work. At first she said nothing. Putting small amounts of synthflesh on the tip of her finger, she was careful to put it on the wound of his face. He winced and spoke again. "I'm your enemy, and you're..." He thought for a moment, "...helping me?" He spoke with question. Rey sighed as she finished up on his facial wound. She couldn't understand her own reasoning for this, let alone explain them to him. All she knew, was that if she killed him she wouldn't come back from that. Come back from what, she wasn't sure. "I just..." She started before letting the words trail off. Sitting down in front of him, she let out an exasperated sigh. She was overwhelmed. The cold from outside had given her a headache, and the stress as well. She couldn't even begin to put much of a thought process into her actions right now. All she knew is that she had saved him, and now both of them were stuck in this cave until the weather cleared up. As the silence went on and the two looked at each other, Kylo was the first to break it. "So what now..." His voice was low. Rey shook her head not knowing how to deal with this situation. "I guess..." She shrugged trying to think of an answer. "I guess we wait out the storm." Kylo seemed almost satisfied with her answer, giving a slight nod. His wounds had newly formed flesh over them now, but the one on his face still left a trail from Reys light saber. Moving back towards his blood stained clothes he felt them before putting them on. The blood was mostly dried or frozen by now. "There's a sleeping bag in the pack." Rey said blantly. Kylo had no idea why she was sharing this information with him. He knew she would be the one using it. With a huff, and letting her pride go, Rey continued. "It's too cold not to use it, it's heated so it should keep in warm all night. And there's enough room for two." She spoke very dryly, only giving information. She did not look at him while she said this, but instead into the darkness of the cave where the lamps light did not reach. "I..." Kylo had no idea why she would suggest this. He figured he would be the one left to freeze before sharing a sleeping bag with her. She got started unpacking it silently before taking off her wet shoes and wrapping her feet with bandages to keep them warm. She handed the rest to Kylo for him to do the same. He speechlessly followed her silent instructions. She got into the sleeping bag after turning on the heatpacs, facing away from him. Rey left the zipper open so he could get in. It was a right fit from his large frame, but he fit. He had his back to her, but he could feel her chilled body against his. Zipping them in together, Kylo stared off tiredly. He was too tired to question these events. Rey reached out of the sleeping bag and switched off the lamp, leaving the two of them in the darkness. Neither said a word as sleep took over them.