Emperor Hux checked his watch. His arm immediately returned to its stiff hold behind his back. He paced up to the windowed wall of the waiting room, but did not spend any time appreciating what was outside before turning away and pacing to the other wall. He was very irritated. His appointment was almost an hour late. He didn't even know who he was meeting with anymore, because apparently, upon hearing that they would be meeting the new Emperor of the First Order, the inventory supervisor had fainted. Hux pulled at his collar. He hated this terrible planet; wished it hadn't escaped the Star Destroyer, even though he’d never really approved of that in the first place, either. But his reign did not begin until he agreed to destroy it, so in a way, it was useful to him after all. He did not like things that were not useful to him. Finally , one of the five doors to the room slid open. Hux turned to face the sound, lips pursed in disapproval. He had long since learned how to keep a stiff poker face, but he nearly dropped it anyway. A creature whose true nature was hidden behind thick makeup and a long, heavily layered and ornate dress closed the door behind himself. He was stunning, Hux thought as he tried to convince himself that he wasn't. He was a creature of pale skin and dark hair, pale skin made paler by white makeup, dark hair held back daintily by threads of gold lined with pearls, netted across his hair and draping down to his shoulders from a crown of intricate metals and pearls of various sizes and colors. Only his face was painted so pale, and the collar of his dress hung from his throat instead of his shoulders, which were exposed and almost as light as the makeup itself, dotted with constellations of beauty marks and freckles. His upper lip was painted a deep bloody red, a line tracing down the rest of his face to his chin, and his cheeks accented with a spot of that same color on each one. His wings of eyeliner reached their tiny feathers almost to the edges of his face, but none of this full-bodied mask could hide how absolutely bored he looked. The sides of his sleeves were not stitched together and only connected at his wrists, leaving his arms majorly exposed, as well as the bangles and bracelets that traveled up them. It gave Hux a lot to look at as the creature extended a hand, and Hux realized that he was meant to either shake it or kiss it. He was so suddenly shocked and insulted that he did neither, which may have also saved him from doing the wrong one. “Emperor Hux. A pleasure to meet you.” The creature spoke as he withdrew his hand. He held it in his other. Hux could not contain his scoff. Who was this, a prostitute? Were they really that desperate to distract him? He was a busy man, Hux had no time for such ridiculousness. “It's about time someone came to retrieve me. I scheduled this appointment for this planet and zone’s fifth hour out of twenty-four, and it's already eight!” “Very organized, are we? I hope that you forgive us for the wait, though I think your watch may be a bit fast. It’s only six, here. We use the star system time.” The creature’s voice was amiable enough, but far too casual. There was nobody left in the galaxy short of a monarch who was fit to talk to him in such a way. Hux scoffed again, thoroughly irritated. “Who gave you the right--ahem. I was invited here to discuss distribution of thermal energy plants, was I not? I should very much like to get this over with. I'm rather busy; running a government tends to fill your schedule quite quickly. Not that you should know.” Hux couldn't contain his last biting remark, and was infuriated when the creature, angelic as he was, laughed quietly. “Running a government is not easy, you are far from mistaken there. However, I do not believe it is an excuse to be quite so rude, oh dear.” The creature gave a lilting half-smile. How dare he?! Before Hux had control of himself or even realized what he was doing, he reached out and slapped the prostitute across the face. It left a white mark on his glove, with a small red circle. The sound was perfect; the satisfying spwack echoed through the room accompanied by a stunned huff of air. The creature that had to be a prostitute recoiled slowly, closing his mouth first, and then dropping his shoulder forward so his fingers could trace where he had been smacked, and then his mouth closing into a thin line as he turned to Hux not with fear, nor anger, but with complete and utter confusion. The door he had entered slid open again as a small group of men all wearing the same grey and white uniform herded into the room, each one giving no recognition to Hux as they crowded the man he’d just slapped. “My lord, you should not have run off like that without telling anyone where you were going!” “Your highness, you smeared your makeup? How did you manage that?” “Oh, let me see, I have your makeup right here, I can fix this in two seconds, I promise.” The handmaids fluttered around the man, and Hux stared from one to the other with huge eyes, realization slowly dawning upon him. “My apologies, Knights, but I had hoped to meet the Emperor personally, before politics got involved. I recognize now that he is not interested in anything but politics with us.” Hux’s hand felt like it was on fire from where it had crossed the man’s face as one of the ‘Knights’ finally seemed to notice that Hux was there, and with a deep bow, murmured, “Emperor Hux, may we present...Queen Kylo Ben Amidala, ruler of the Republic.” Chapter 2 Notes: holy shit i? still have this fic? Ben’s unfalteringly intense stare became cold that day for Hux. He would later learn that he had missed something incredibly rare; the warmth he was introduced with was something that was absolutely unprecedented; nobody had ever seen the Queen so playful or warm. Hux was certain that they were over exaggerating at first, but as the Republic came closer to the First Order and the talk of treaties started, he realized that the advisors, senators, officers, plain gossipers, they were all right; ‘Kylo’ Ben Amidala was cold and closed off and purely, strictly political, and damn good at his job. Hux didn't believe the Senator who first whispered to him at a beneficial Gala that Kylo was also known for random and inexplicable temper tantrums, entering an empty room and leaving it somehow burned and flayed. It could not be explained, and as he stared down the table at the man in question, who was again hidden behind huge robes and makeup, decided that he would figure it out for himself. Somehow. That proved to be much more difficult than Hux had ever imagined; Kylo had little patience for anyone, least of all him. Though he never told anyone about the slap, and he was fairly certain Kylo had kept it to himself, too, Hux knew that Kylo would never forget nor forgive, and Hux couldn't dare to attempt an apology. He also learned not to call Kylo by his given name; eighty percent of the time, he would just not answer, and the other percent when he did was with a cruel and dangerous glare, and then not answer anyway. Hux finally managed to corner someone who could explain why this man was called Queen , and the terrified hand-maid explained in a thick Naboo accent that it was a position typically held by women, yes, but Ben’s grandmother had been Padmé Amidala. Hux knew who she was, but hardly cared anyway before then; she was the best ruler that star system had seen, and Ben was determined to live up to her legacy. He was a senator at only fifteen, had risen to the throne at sixteen, and nearing the end of the fourth year of his rule, was preparing to relinquish it at twenty. Hux couldn't believe it; he demanded the maid repeat himself three times. “ Yes, yes, Kylo Amidala is only twenty! I'm telling you the truth, I swear!” His shrill and panicked cry drew the attention of a few others, the handmaids to Kylo collectively called the Knights of ‘Ren’ (Hux didn't even want to know), who immediately moved to protective position. They circled around their coworker dangerously, and Hux realized rather quickly that this training was meant to protect their queen, to whom they were unfalteringly loyal. He didn't know and didn't bother to ask if this kind of training was simply standard or specialized for Kylo, because Kylo seemed quite capable of protecting himself from unwanted attention. And did he receive his fair amount of unwanted attention! Hux had never seen as much paparazzi in the entire galaxy as what he saw on Naboo; he watched press workers scale buildings he was rumored to be in with one hand, camera in the other. Kylo Amidala had, subsequently, perfected the art of profane gestures only in the direction of the cameras. Hux had many times been in a grouped conversation in which Kylo was also part, and Kylo, while still engaged in the debate, would raise his hand toward something Hux hadn't even noticed, and the others would simply accept that there was a camera there. Without breaking the conversation, they would all turn away from that direction. As these Senators and Ambassadors and Peace-Makers put it, ‘it was just something you learned to do’. Any attempt on Hux’s part to speak directly to Kylo did nothing. The Queen didn't make lone appointments with First Order leaders, and he certainly didn't make exceptions. Hux hardly had time to worry about the brat , as he called him in his head, anyway; the Republic was getting finicky, and had halted all trade until negotiations of a peace treaty began. Making peace was not something the First Order had ever concerned itself with doing, and so, as Hux found himself almost dozing off at his seat at the end of a conference table filled with the other leaders of the First Order, none of them were actually sure how to design the document before them. “Most treaties are sealed with an important marriage, are they not?” “Of course, but most everyone of high rank in the First Order has already either married or had a marriage arranged.” “And it would be considered disrespectful if we offered a marriage of someone of lower status within the First Order to a higher rank of the Republic. It would be seen as less of a union and more of a power-play.” “Fine.” Hux sighed, lifting his head. “I can read between the lines. Arrange a marriage for me; I don't care. I know you've been trying to marry me off for ages now, anyway.” The table fell quiet. Commander Phasma leaned forward, her usually helmet-headed hair curled back. “Is there anyone specific you want to try to arrange with, sir?” Hux leaned back, chewing his lip, though he did not think for long. “It must be a marriage of the absolutely highest rank, yes? In that case...I will ask for the hand of their Queen.” “Kylo Amidala?” Phasma’s voice took on an uncharacteristically high pitch as Hux gave a small, crooked smirk. “Yes.” Notes: my tumblr is forgottenwoundsartist, and there I post art and updates to my fanfictions! Check me out!