The hushed tones in the library drew his attention from the books piled around him. He narrowed his eyes as the librarian behind the reference desk was chatting with a child, her bright voice shattering the quiet. The librarian’s cheeks were a pleasant pink and she laughed again, a raucous sound in his cathedral of learning. The child reached up and handed her something, a colored ball, and then left with a waving of the hand, trailing a mother figure laden with books. Ben humphed loudly and slapped his hand on the table. Whoever would bring their child to an academic library? These hallowed halls were for research and frantic students, not for sticky handed monsters. He shook his head to clear his discomfort and returned to his work, the end of the pen skimming along his lower lip as he concentrated on the densely worded article he was reading. He was lost in thought again until he heard a low moan. He coughed once, discretely, before returning to his work. The moan resonated in the room again, louder, huskier. He quirked his brow and looked up to see the librarian, the colored ball in her hand, the tip of her tongue slowly swirling against the rounded bottom of the object. Ben cleared his throat, adjusted his wire framed glasses and watched her run the flat of her tongue along the side of the ball. He cleared his throat, realizing the child had given her a jawbreaker. Too large to fit into her mouth so she was carefully tending to it with long, slow licks. He looked around quickly and realized they were alone before ducking slowly below the stacked books to continue his observation of her. She was holding the jawbreaker lightly in the palm of her hand, lathing it languidly, lusty sighs escaping her. He shifted in his seat, his pants growing uncomfortably tight. She reached up with her other hand and began to stroke the ball with one light finger, her tongue following it and Ben ran his palm over his pants, pressing firmly against his cock, his chest hitching as he couldn’t tear his eyes from her lithe figure. He growled inwardly as he caught her winking at him, her pink cardigan pressed tightly against her perk breasts. He watched her hike her leg up to more comfortably sit on the stool, the charcoal pencil skirt slit revealing silk stockings and toned legs. He swallowed hard and stood, wiping his sweaty palms on his jacket. The librarian smiled sweetly at him before nibbling on the top of the jawbreaker. “Professor Solo. At it again I see?” she purred. “Well, uh, medieval history waits for no man, I guess,” he stumbled, his tongue thick in his mouth. He thought he would like his tongue in other places, caught himself wondering if she was wearing panties under that ensemble. She was toying with her pearl necklace, wrapping the strands through her fingers, her eyes tracking him as he crossed the room to her. The jawbreaker lay on top of its wrapper, all but forgotten. “Anything I can help you with?” She leaned over the desk toward him, the soft mounds of her breasts peeking through her white lace camisole. His blood surged hot and heavy through him and he took a halting step back. “Uh, yes, I need help locating a work on Margery Kempe?” “I know just the one. Follow me.” She hopped off the stool and he walked behind her, watching the way the skirt moulded against her tight ass. He wondered how easily it would be to lift it, how heavy it would feel bunched in his fists. She wound her way through the dark and silent stacks. Saturdays in the library were usually quiet, students enjoying their weekend. It was Sunday when the panic started, the carrels crammed with books and laptops, earbuds jammed into students’ ears as they stared at work with glazed eyes, their piles of coffee cups spilling out from the bins. Ben liked his Saturdays. He and the librarian were often alone. She had paused in front of a stack, dropping an arm to point to a shelf by her knee. He stepped closer to her, inhaled the light scent of her perfume, linwood blossoms today, watched her cheeks flush as he slowly kneeled in front of her. “Here?” he asked, his hands on her knees. He felt a tremor run through her and he pressed his lips just below her hemline. “Here,” she replied, her voice trembling. Ben guided her to rest her back against the shelf and slowly ran his hands up and down her calves, gently moving her legs apart. “What a provocative outfit you wore today, Rey,” he murmured against her back of her knee before peppering kisses up her thighs, gathering the thick wool skirt in his hand. He ripped off his glasses, letting them fall to the ground as he growled his approval at her black lacy garters, ran his fingers to skim against her bared pussy. She whimpered and opened her legs further as he licked her slick sweet sex. He shivered at her wetness, possessiveness sheeting through him as he realized her foreplay had her ready for him. He placed her leg over his shoulder to give him better access, torturously swirling his tongue around her clit. She rocked her hips against him and he pushed her back, held her still as he laved her pussy, skimming his finger across her dripping folds. She whimpered and dug her fingers into his hair. He tasted every inch of her, kissing and licking languorously, his teeth scraping gently against the side of her thigh and she whimpered. “Ben, please,” she ground out through clenched teeth. He slid one finger inside of her followed by a quick dip of his tongue. She gasped, biting her wrist to lower her voice. He added another finger, pumping into her harder as she moaned, his tongue snaking against her quivering body. He could feel her getting closer, clenching tight around his hand and he added another finger, stretching her as she bore down on him, moving her hips to take more of him. He savored the obscene sounds of his tongue licking her, the slap of her cunt on his hand, the little moans that she tried to suppress. “Fuck, Ben,” she gasped as she clenched around him. He felt her throbbing beneath him as he pulled out his fingers. She was glassy eyed, her mouth open in surprise as she watched him insert his fingers into his mouth and suck himself clean of her. “That’s my plan, sweetheart,” he whispered and she smiled. “Turn around.” She did as ordered, wiggling her firm ass against his cock. He swore softly as he freed himself and ran his cock over the top of her wet folds, his hand slapping her ass lightly. She moaned and pressed against him. He ached to be deep inside of her, held off until he was ready to burst. He dragged his hands, luxuriating in the dip of her waist, curving up and cupping her breasts, plucking at her nipples between the fabric. “When I get you home tonight, I’m going to rip off your clothes and fuck your tits,” he breathed into her ears and she whined, reaching down to guide him inside. “Don’t stop, Ben,” she ordered as he drove into her, one hand dropping to her hip as he thrust hard. She let her head fall back and he kissed her ears, her glorious neck as he pushed himself deep into her, pulling out agonizingly slow until his cock grazed her sweet folds and thrusting roughly again. He was loud, his breath rasping in his ears as he pumped into her. She gripped the bookshelf, pushing herself against him, his hand tightening on her hip before sliding down to circle her clit again. He groaned as the obscene sounds of their wet skin slapping together shattered the silence around them. She moaned his name, panting hard as she ran a hand over her breasts, squeezing them, her voice pitching high as she came around him. He followed a moment later with a harsh gasp, pushing into her once, twice until he shivered, throwing his head back as his orgasm ripped through his balls and up to the tip of his head. “Oh, gods, Ben,” she is saying, his head fuzzy with pleasure. He slid out of her and staggered back, colliding into the bookshelf behind him. “Careful,” she breathed. “I can’t explain another knocked over stack.” He rested on his knees, trying to catch his breath, watching her pull down her skirt, smooth back her hair. He regretted not spending more kissing her, resolved to make up for it. “Sorry about that, but you were on top of me and I could only do so much,” he replied. She had been riding him, he had shoved up against one of the older dusty stacks and she had ground down on him, pushing harder and harder, aching for her release. He had shifted his grasp on her ass and had stumbled, the stack wavering before it tipped over. Rey had moved her grip to his shoulder, pushing herself to her release before taking in the books scattered over the floor, the befuddled look on his face. She had laughed, bent down to kiss him before slipping back into her stern librarian persona. “I’ll remember that later,” she said pointedly, handing him back the glasses he had dropped, stepping next to him, tucking him back into his boxers, zipping him up. “I do so love a woman who takes charge,” he murmured and she grinned cheekily at him. “I’ll see you at home, sweetheart,” she replied, kissing the tip of his nose. He shoved her against him, his mouth devouring hers, taking his time to kiss every dimple and run his tongue over the seam between her lips before sliding in and tasting her. She moaned and leaned into him, twining her arms around his neck. “Don’t forget you owe me a pearl necklace, babe,” she breathed into him, looping her necklace around her fingers. She stepped back and added reluctantly: “I have to get back to the desk.” “I’ll have dinner ready at home,” he replied with a kiss to her forehead. She smiled softly as turned away and sauntered back to desk, rolling her hips. He groaned, knowing she could feel his eyes on her and heard her giggle as she rounded the corner. Closing time could not come fast enough.