“It’s fucking gorgeous!” “Exactly, hence my wanting it!” The man (boy, more like) Hux is currently squabbling with steps back and crosses his arms at this, pouting. Hux mirrors the action, raising one eyebrow. “Why would you-” Hux takes a moment to look this guy up and down and back up again, from the messy, choppy dark hair to the shirt that’s more holes than anything else to the jeans with fucking purposeful cuts in the knees to the ripped up, dirty sneakers- “want an aesthetically pleasing pumpkin?” “I saw it first,” the stranger mutters, choosing to ignore this rather obvious jab at his appearance. Hux sniffs and turns away. Fuck him and his unruly good looks. “You are an actual child,” he says. He bends to pick the pumpkin up and is immediately deterred by the fact that it is rather heavier than he expected. After trying twice to budge it, he is forced to kneel beside the pumpkin fruitlessly.“Ah.” “See? You can’t even lift it, pumpkin head.” The stranger shoves Hux’s arm out of the way and picks it up easily, sticking his tongue out. “Go find another one.” “Only if you help me carry it,” Hux says, willing the flush in his cheeks to end. “Fine.” He somehow manages to shrug while holding the pumpkin- Hux isn’t looking at his arms, he isn’t, that incredible muscle is not distracting at all- and starts walking away. “And you have to drive me home,” Hux calls after him. He walked here and it’s technically only a few blocks, but… The man turns around, incredulous. “Do you want me to suck your cock while we’re at it?” he asks, causing at least one of the children in a large family standing nearby to turn and stare. Hux turns red and sputters for several seconds before half-managing to collect himself. “Fuck you,” he says, and scans the lot for a pumpkin with something at least resembling the beautiful curvature of the other one. The man sighs, rolls his eyes, and picks up a small white pumpkin, setting it on top of his own. “Come on,” he mutters, grinning. Hux follows him, irritated at his own submission to this random, ridiculously attractive person. And his desire to follow him directly into the nearest room with a solid bed. “What’s your name?” he asks, mostly to distract himself from what has somehow become a very detailed fantasy involving what he imagines this muscled man’s bare chest probably looks like. “Kylo Ren.” He shifts the pumpkins to his left arm so he can shake hands with Hux, who quickly gives his own name. “Right, so I’ll drive you home, Creamsicle-” “- Hux-” “-but you have to give me your number.” Ren offers his arm. “Ah.” Hux reaches into his back pocket for a pen and touches Ren’s shoulder. “Hold still.” Ren obeys, ears the sort of red usually reserved for fire engines and Valentine’s cards. When Hux finishes writing Ren glances at the numbers on his arm and turns away, chewing on his lip. Hux is silent, enjoying what seems to be a moment of submission from Ren. If Ren stays quiet and flushes more often, this relationship might go very well indeed. Notes: They're nerds.