The boot heels clicked quickly as Lieutenant Mitaka efficiently moved down the corridor. On the bridge, General Hux bent over his computer unit, his eyes roving over the screens intently. Mitaka stopped with a snap and gave a quick salute. “Report.” “It was him, sir. It looks like the entire holonet is down.” Hux is incredulous, his normally cool exterior dropping as his brows shot up. “Are you sure? Even in the Core?” His fingers fly over his computer, reaching out for Supreme Leader Snoke. “It’s down everywhere, sir.” The lieutenant swallowed visibly and shook as he spoke the next lines. “The IT department in the basement level indicated that it was Kylo Ren. At least that’s what the nurses are saying they keep repeating.” General Hux straightened the bottom of his jacket as he rose, taking in the blinking notice on his computer. 404 Error. Network Cannot Be Found. Try Again? He snarled, his nostrils flaring as he blazed by Mitaka, snapping out a curt dismissal as he thundered to Ren’s rooms. He suppressed his growl as he slapped the button on the lift’s panel, his fingers curling into fists. Kylo Ren broke the damn Holonet. No more transmissions, no more ability to reach out to his ships except by radio and wasn’t that antique. No more cat videos on HoloTube. Hux was quite put out. He had just posted a video of Millicent and had expected to garner more than the usual two billion views. He strode down to Ren’s room and without hesitating entered his code to override Ren’s ridiculous 21key password. The man was paranoid about security which made no sense given all he had was his grandfather’s helmet and luxuriously large bed, dripping with satin sheets, pressed against the windows. Hux wasn’t sure why Ren demanded quite an expensive bed but had signed off on the request with a warning that if he destroyed another piece of equipment, the bed would go. Ren had growled but had been relatively well behaved since that day. Until now, that is. The bed was going, Hux vowed. He took in Kylo’s form, slumped on the couch, his head in his hands. Hux knew what Ren looked like. He remembered seeing propaganda videos while in training on Arkanis, smiling images of the presumptuous Leia Organa Solo, her husband and son by her side. He took a deep thrill in the face that Snoke had swayed Ben Solo against the Republic. His name was not quite a secret but was forbidden to be spoken. Hux relished the opportunities to drop Solo into their bickering, watching Ren’s eyes narrows, his fists opening and closing. Unlike his grandfather, Ren wasn’t quite into Force choking members of the First Order Navy but Hux wouldn’t put it past him. “Ren, what did you do,” he barked, entering. Before Ren on the table was a holopad, open to SpaceBook. He caught a brief image of the Scavenger, smiling with her arm around FN- 2187. “I hope this is for research,” he coolly sneered. Ren stared, his eyes rimmed in red, his lips in their full pouting glory. “She unfollowed me,” he hollowly replied as if in disbelief. Hux’s brow wrinkled. “The Scavenger?” “Rey. She unfollowed me. I’ve been on her Spacebook, her MusicWave, her Spaceblr. She was following me on Spaceblr until she figured it out it was me and just clicked unfollow. She’s so cruel.” Hux felt a twinge of admiration for this girl. He too wished he could just unfollow this disaster of a human being. He huffed impatiently. “Kylo, you went down into the IT areas and destroyed our HoloNet. Not only ours, but apparently the entire galaxy’s! Entire economies have stopped because of your infatuation with this girl! Ewoks and Wookies getting married! Governments collapsing! Mass hysteria!” Hux’s face flushed an alarming red as he shouted at the morose Ren. “Not an infatuation! I love her!” Kylo shouted, his full lips quivering with pain. Hux shook his head, tearing at his carefully tended ginger hair. A tentative knock on the door disrupted their postured whining. Hux carefully reassembled himself and barked an order to enter. A trembling sergeant walked in, hands clutching a comm. “It’s for Kylo Ren, sir,” he rasped. Kylo shot up, pulling the sergeant to him with the Force and ripping the comm out of his hand. He smoothed his luscious locks and flicked the comm on. “Kylo Ren, Master of the Knights of Ren,” he greeted, his voice sultry. Hux raised one perfectly manicured eyebrow. “What the FRACK do you think you are doing?” bellowed the scavenger. Hux choked on a laugh while Kylo composed himself, squirming on the couch. “What do you mean, Rey darling?” “The entire HoloNet is down and the IT guys are saying you did it! I was trying to watch my favorite cat videos! Millie had a new one today! And don’t call me darling!” Her rage seeped through the comm and Hux swore he caught Ren trembling. “Rey, if you only knew--” “Shut it! I’m coming on board your ship with our IT crew and they are gonna fix it.” Hux drew himself to his full height, a thin smile playing on his lips. A woman who fixed problems and not just blew things up was a woman he could admire. And from that brief glimpse he stole from Kylo’s SpaceBook, quite attractive as well. “Sergeant, I will greet this Resistance member in Hanger 101-B. Tell her we offer her a truce and will not arrest her or torture her if she is able to provide the support we need.” The sergeant snapped a salute and all but fled the room. Hux directed a stern gaze at Kylo. “She better fix this situation or I will string her up and--gask--gak--” his hands flew to his neck, fingers scrambling, nails breaking skin as he fought to inhale. “You will not touch one hair on her head.” Kylo’s face was pinched tight as he twisted his hand into a claw. Hux stumbled back and reached for the blaster discreetly tucked away in his belt. He shakily aimed it at Kylo who snarled and let go, Hux collapsing to his knees, wheezing as he hauled in air. “You would never have survived my grandfather,” he growled. Hux climbed to his feet and stepped into Kylo’s space, his chest touching the other man’s broader one. “Don’t ever do that again. Or I will shoot you,” he hoarsely threatened. Kylo smirked. “You could try.” He turned on his heel and left the room. Hux snorted and squeezed the trigger. Kylo waved his hand and the blaster bolt hung in the air. Hux’s eyes widened. He had heard of this particular trick but never had seen it. Kylo turned to eye him over his shoulder before flicking the bolt back into the direction from where it came. Hux squealed and dove for the floor, his hair curling as the bolt scraped overhead, placing neat holes in his hat. “KYLOOOOOOO!!!!!!” His scream followed Kylo as he sauntered to the lift, stormtroopers scurrying for corners to avoid his wrath. Kylo inhaled sharply as he entered the hangar to see her radiant beauty rivaling all those in the galaxy. Her face was drawn into a scowl, her arms planted on her hips, and she was pacing in front of that hunk of junk Millennium Falcon. Kylo sneered as he approached her. Sneering was his way of hiding his grief on his pale, sensitive, luminous face. He stopped before and bowed low. “My lady,” he began before she grabbed him by his hair and jerked his head up. “Hey! My hair!” “Oi, you, shut up!” she began. He pulled away from her and ran his hands through his hair checking for damage. “Rey, my dearest, my darling,” he tried again and she raised her hackles at him, jabbing a fist near his face. “Not.Your.Dearest.” He cleared his throat and moved from her daintily threatening gesture. “Take me to your IT dept.” Kylo bowed again. “Anything for you, Rey darling,” he purred, ducking just in time as her fist brushed his hair. He grinned at her before gesturing for her crew--two awkward men standing to the side. One ramrod straight, the other kind of sweaty looking and slouching. Kylo glared at them before turning and gesturing for them to follow. Rey continued to glare at him while in the lift and Kylo’s face ached from the pleasant smile he kept plastered to his face. “Why did you do it, nerfherder?” she eventually asked. “You unfollowed me,” he replied simply. “You posted too many quotes from Darth Vader and First Order propo!” “So if I stop, you’ll follow me again?” he asked eagerly. Rey gave him a strange look and edged closer to the slouchy IT man. Kylo gave him a death stare and the IT fellow, who had lifted his hand up to wrap it around Rey, let his hand fall quickly. Kylo smirked in triumph and Rey rolled her eyes. “Who are you?” “I’m Roy, sir, uh Your Darkness,” the taller one stumbled in a lilting accent. “And I’m Moss.” The other stated and he waved his hand. Kylo’s brow furrowed. They entered the IT room and everyone gasped. Moss cried out, clutching his heart. “Moss are you ok?” Roy asked. “I will be, Roy. I wore my women’s slacks today.” Kylo shot him a quizzical glance. “They are the best,” Rey assured him. “Just odd.” The two men dove into the mess, wires hanging from the ceiling, sparks raining down from them in short bursts. Rey clucked her tongue. “You need to control your temper.” “And you just need to let me ask you out!” Kylo whined. “We’re at war!” “All’s fair in love and war, sweetheart.” He cocked a grin at her and her mouth dropped open. Kylo couldn’t tell if it was in attraction or disgust. “Oh I see your problem,” Roy called.“You need to try turning it on and off again.” “Force an unexpected shutdown,” Moss added. “And these wires?” Hux thundered as he intruded on what Kylo thought was a romantic moment. “Eh, it’s all wireless nowadays,” Roy assured him, donut half shoved into his mouth. Moss was clacking away at the system and a moment later, they all heard a whirring sound. Hux whipped out his comm and was tapping at it furiously. “Oh it’s back on,” he breathed before letting out a snarl. Rey moved toward Kylo, her hand on her lightsaber. “Those infidels used this time to attack one of our ships!” “The resistance has upgraded to a superior system,” Moss replied, bouncing on his heels next to Rey. “Excellent job you two,” Rey praised. Roy just waved his hand and Moss trailed him back into the lift. “Now I can see my Millie videos!” Rey squealed. Kylo’s shoulders sagged. “And maybe you and I can spend some time on SpaceChat?” Her eyes twinkled as she said it, her mind filled with new insults to fling at the hulking Dark Side user. She watched Kylo’s eyes light up and he nodded vigorously. Hux had picked up her hand to lay a gentle kiss on it. “Any friend of Millicent is a friend of the First Order,” he oiled and everyone groaned. “Is that your cat? God it’s ugly,” Roy said and Hux leapt for him, the lift doors sliding closed in time to leave Hux clawing at the smooth metal. Kylo used the opportunity to wrap his hand around Rey’s waist and to dip her, his mouth hovering over hers. “We’ll always have IT, sweetheart,” he whispered before placing his mouth over hers. Rey moaned and threaded her fingers through his dark luscious locks as the IT room sparked again, the computers whining in the distance.