The Fault, Dear Brutus, Is Not In Our Stars And it was then that he realized that they could be great. They were the perfect recipe for disaster: the prodigal, the antihero, and the pariah. She was too loud, he too volatile, he too desperate. But the world was their stage, and they were the actors, bravado and presence and melodrama. Real life, he reflected dimly, could just barely contain them. Rey was running through the rain, desperately trying to find a ship or something she could pilot to get off of this desolate, demon-infested hellplanet. It was night, just after sunset, just when Snoke’s monsters from Dathomir would begin to come out. Rey didn’t know why the abominations only came out during planet’s night cycles – all she knew was that if she didn’t find shelter relatively soon and set up wards, she would be thoroughly fucked. But there, just up ahead, was an old hunter’s cabin. Sanctuary. Rey sped towards it, ignoring the hissing and gnashing behind her. Thankfully it was a Lurker, a sort of snake-beast. They were fast but not bright, a lower demon, and easy to evade. Fighting one was tantamount to suicide – it spat a corrosive venom that Rey’d personally been on the wrong side of. But that was before, when she still had Leia and Finn and Poe and Han and the Resistance. She had none of that now, and none of the medical advances. She was armed with only her saber and a bag full of bacta patches, and neither would do her much good against a Lurker. She slipped in the mud and, as she picked herself up, made the mistake of looking behind her. She yanked the door open, let herself into the cabin, and slammed it shut. She shut her eyes and set up the barriers – just about the only thing that would keep the demons away – and finally, for the first time in weeks, she relaxed. Someone cleared his throat. “That was highly unnecessary.” Rey whirled. Sitting on a wicker chair was a confused-looking man. He had shoulder-length black hair, pale skin, and wore long black robes. He wasn’t armed, from what Rey could tell. I could take him, she thought to herself. If it comes to it. But first: “Sorry, I – uh, is this yours?” . . . Rey wasn't quite sure how but, not long after this, she was sitting in her own makeshift stool at the makeshift table and a stranger was offering her tea. He was polite, if lacking a little finesse; moments after she sat, he said, "There's a pump in the back if you want to wash up." Rey nodded, acutely aware of the grime that must be caked all over her. She could feel her injuries, too – a gash on her calf and burns on her left arm. She stood and made her way to the back of the cabin. This planet is old, long-since uninhabited – the systems in this quarter of the galaxy are archaic. Man-made water pumps like this hadn’t been used since antiquity. It took a few tries, and at first the water was brown, but it was suitable enough. She focused on washing, on everything but being pursued, on everything but the burning and the demons running and the war, the bodies - She scrubbed her face until it was raw, then her arms, hands, and skin leg around the wound. There was no soap and the water was cold, but Rey felt loads better – especially after letting the water run through her hair. She could only imagine what a mess it was. The cabin was more or less a large flat. There was an alcove where the pump was, a drain for the water, and a rod that might have held a shower curtain once upon a time. There was two or three closets, a wicker rocking chair, and an unused fire hearth. She waited until she was sitting back at the table before she healed herself. She was low on energy and achy all over, and didn’t want to pass out and fall if she overexerted herself. Rey couldn’t be bothered to care about revealing her status as a Jedi to the stranger – he seemed thoroughly uninterested in her, anyway. "I'm Rey," she told him as she rolled her pant legs up to inspect the wound. He hesitated, then, “Ben," he answered. She could feel his eyes on her. The wound was shallow, nothing too serious – she didn’t even have to meditate to staunch the bleeding and knit the skin back together. "You're a Jedi." He said it more like an accusation than anything; Rey frowned but nodded. "Former Jedi,” and it stung to say that, but it was true. The Jedi Order had long been disbanded. Luke Skywalker had disappeared, and she was the only one left, half-trained and alone. “But yes. I’m Force-sensitive." He flashed her a toothy, shit-eating grin. All of a sudden, she felt a presence in the room – a Force signature. She glanced around, unsure, but when her eyes rested on him she came to the realization that oh my god, this guy's a Sith. A really freaking strong one. The Force coming off of him was thick and heavy and dark , and Rey saw this as a nonverbal don't-fuck-with-me. Rey tensed, waiting for an attack, but one never came. And this pale, grinning man with a manic gleam in his eye and a shit ton of Dark energy had suddenly become very, very dangerous. As soon as it came, it passed; it was a nonverbal don’t fuck with me, and Rey intended on taking it to heart. And then the signature died down as he concealed it. “I’ve also trained with the Force. It’s how I learned to ward off the abominations. I’m only staying here temporarily – until I find a way off of this planet. You are welcome to join me.” Rey took him up on it, mainly because she wasn't sure where she was, where her friends were, or where the nearest ship was. She didn’t ask him how he got there. They spent five nights in that hut, dividing their time between scouting, searching, and talking. Rey kept the conversation deliberately light, avoiding topics such as the Sith, the abominations, or the Lord that called himself Supreme Leader Snoke. At night she slept on one of the moth-eaten blankets that had been in the closet; Ben assured her that watch shifts weren't necessary, that the wards would hold. She didn't speak of the outside, of the man who'd put her in this position, of Snoke or of the future. Over those five days, Rey found out that Ben had a nasty cough, the sort that came from deep within his chest and kept him up at night. She found out that he had extensive knowledge of ships – he was a trained pilot, he told her. “Between the two of us, we could probably rebuild a ship from a wreck, if we can find the parts.” Ben gave her a doubtful look. “On this planet?” “There have to be some sort of crashes here – why would there be abominations on this planet if there weren’t any people to terrorize?” Rey grinned. “Just enough to get off the planet and find somewhere more inhabited. It’s worth a shot.” And so he agreed to scout for parts with her. One particularly damp day, they went out scouting in the relative safety of the morning. Rey had stumbled upon a crashed ship – an old X-wing, a practically archaic design, but a ship. Ben looked at it with disdain. “It’s ancient. And,” he was interrupted by a fit of barking coughs, “a wreck.” “I can fix it,” Rey said with a gleam in her eye. “I grew up on Jakku. I can fix anything.” His eyebrows shot up. “You were a scavenger?” “Before the Resistance found me, yeah.” “You’ve worn many hats, so the saying goes,” he said. “Scavenger, Jedi, and now shipwrecked.” Rey mhmmed and began digging the ship out of the wreckage. A tree had fallen on the left side, and it was covered in vines and brambles. “How about yourself? Here, help me get it out – don’t give me that look, I know you can use the Force – just hold the fallen tree up while I move the ship…” He levitated the tree as Rey moved the ship, letting it fall with a thud when the ship was out of the way. “I was a Knight. Before I got sick. Once my men knew of my weakness…” and he shrugged. Rey nodded sympathetically. She knew what it was like to live in a survival-of-the-fittest sort of world. They moved the ship closer to the small cabin. “We’ll need some parts,” she said. “I’m sure there’s more wrecks around here. My ship exploded – I had to eject – how about you?” Ben cleared his throat, ran his hand through his hair. “I was left here. No ship.” His words were clipped, curt, and the reality of his exile dawned on Rey. “Oh.” And Rey swallowed. He was left here to die. Whoever he had been in charge of must’ve been a cutthroat pack. He was a Force user – if what Leia and Luke had led Rey to believe, fully-trained Force-sensitives were hard to come by. Rey wondered if any of his men had been Force-users. “We can check the wreckage of my ship, see if there’s anything left,” Rey said. She looked up at the sky. It was almost sunset. “Let’s get inside, first. It’s a decent walk away, and I don’t want to get caught out here at night. I’ll give this a look tomorrow morning.” Ben nodded his agreement. “I’m not sure what mechanic help I can be, fair warning. I was mostly just a pilot.” “Still, I’d feel better knowing someone’s double checking my work.” Ben quirked an eyebrow at her. “You seem much more self-assured than that.” “Well, we might only have one shot at getting off this godforsaken planet. Can’t afford to be cocky.” “Fair enough,” he said. He strode over next to the cabin, where they’d settled the ship, and began… Rey frowned. She couldn’t tell what he was doing. “What are you doing to the ship?” “Wards,” he said, without looking at her. “Rudimentary ones. Just to deflect any of the abominations. It’s outside of the perimeter I’ve set for the hut, and I don’t want our only hope out of here getting crushed under a Leviathan.” Rey worried her lower lip as she watched the sun set as he set the wards, his shadow lengenthening as the sun dipped lower, lower, and lower still. Part of her wanted to ask him to teach her – he seemed to have as good a grip on the Force as any – but she could sense the dark energy. It was thick, and cloying, and Rey wasn’t sure if she wanted to delve into that side of the Force. Survival before principles, the part of her that grew up on Jakku growled. He might not even teach me, she thought, but a split second later she supplied herself with a counterargument. His wards are ten times stronger than yours. With a sigh, Rey resolved to ask him to teach her in the morning. The next morning Rey was outside, digging around in the old X-wing. She cleared the cockpit of debris, found that the controls – while a little stiff – were working. Many parts of the engine were rusted, and Rey wondered if she’d be able to find oil anywhere. Ben ambled outside, found her elbow deep in the bowels of the ship. “How’s is it?” “Good enough, I think,” Rey said, frowning. “I want to check the wiring systems. The temperature controls are shot, but that shouldn’t be too much of a worry. The compressor is going to be an issue, I’ll have to re-wire it, and it has next to no shields. I want to check for more parts…” “I’m going to do that,” Ben said. “You said you crashed an hour’s walk north, right? I’ll check it out.” Rey frowned. “Alone?” “You’re in a flow,” he said. “And the wards are up. No reason to interrupt you.” It made sense – and Rey wanted to get off this hellplanet as soon as possible. “Can you communicate through the Force?” she asked him. Ben nodded. “I’ll…alert you, if there’s any issues.” Rey cleared her throat. “Right. I’ll see you.” “Have fun with the ship, Rey.” Rey watched him leave. He was tall, and broad, and intimidating enough to scare away anyone – or anything – that came his way. But still, she worried, that hollow place in her chest crying out with a pang to wait, no come back! Rey was on edge until, two hours later, he did return. He was hauling spare bits from her wrecked ship, levitating them with the Force. He set several pieces of metal down near the X-wing, and said, “There’s more. It’ll take three trips, maybe.” Rey’s mouth twitched. “Couldn’t bring it all at once?” Ben scowled at the teasing. “It’s not that I couldn’t, it’s that the forest is too thick. ” Rey couldn’t help but smile. He came back. Ben made another trip, and then another. Rey was waiting for him to return – the sun was setting, and she could feel the air thicken with tension. The abominations would be out tonight, Rey had no doubt. When night fell and Ben still hadn’t returned, Rey tried not to panic. Ben was a competent Force user, could probably ward himself if he needed to, she reasoned, and it was safer to stay in one place than it would be to run… And then, just when Rey was about to turn in for the night, Ben came stumbling in through the front door, a lesser demon at his heels, ugly maw open and gaping and dripping thick, black acid and oh my god, what the fuck is surrounding him? It took Rey a moment to realize he’d whipped the Force into a frenzy; the darkness swirling around him was repelling the monster, but just barely. He shoved it away – Force and all – and slammed the door behind him. Then, he turned around and slumped to the floor. A split second later, Rey realized that the wards were down. Oh, fuck. . . . When Kylo Ren, former First Knight of Ren, wakes, his head hurts and his back's tender and his chest is tight. He coughs, and that only hurts his head more, but then she's placing a warm washrag on his forehead and saying, "Easy now." He's lying on the pile of blankets he’s come to designate as his bed. He frowns and looks at her. Rey’s looking a little worse for wear, tired and anxious. "Did it follow me?" She shakes her head. He doesn't need to specify what 'it' is. "Your wards kept it away – sort of. They're down, now. Mine are up, but they're not as strong." He can see it now, the battle-worn look she has about her. He's no stranger to it. In his half-awake state, he reaches up a hand and touches the scrape on her cheek. He looks down at himself, noticing that he's much better off than he'd thought he'd be. "And you healed me." He’s surprised – Force healing was an advanced technique, one that even he had difficulties with at times. Again, she nods. She bites her lip, and Ben can feel her question before she asks it. She is a Force-Sensitive, after all. "Your…there's something wrong with your lungs, isn't there?" There's no use denying it. The emphysema what got him here in the first place. "Yes." The other question, however, he wasn't expecting. "Do you...are you connected with Snoke?" "No," he snarls. She recoils, and for a moment he feels bad. A moment. He couldn't help the vehemence. Snoke belongs in his past. There's nothing that he wants to do with the man; everything is half-buried truths and intricate deceptions. Snoke belongs in his past. But the reality of it is, Snoke is also his present. His future. "No," he reiterates. He doesn't stop to think where she might've gotten this notion. He knows it’s from the brand on his chest, the one that he’s tried countless times to cut out, to rip out, to cauterize, but it won’t go away. "I have nothing to do with the Blue Man." She still looks wary, and Kylo Ren figures that, at this point, telling her his objective won't hurt. "I'm looking for a medic who can heal my sickness. There was rumored to be one in the Hosnian system, but…" He shuts his eyes. He's no stranger to grisly, gruesome deaths, but there are some things that are best left unseen. Some things that are best left unfelt. "She's been killed." Now she's eyeing him. "Are you aware of Luke Skywalker?” There must’ve been something on his face, because she hastily continues, “Before the War. He – trained me. He’s a legendary Jedi – even Snoke tried to recruit him, once upon a time. We could find him.” Kylo Ren could laugh. Yes, Kylo knows all about that. How Snoke – Supreme Leader, as he'd called the man back then – sought out the Jedi, the legendary Luke Skywalker. How he’d refused to join the Knights of Ren. Rey’s standing now, pacing. Propping himself up on his elbows, he asks, mostly to humor her, "How could we do that?" "Your wards." Rey has a look in her eye, like she has a plan. (He would grow familiar with that look, over the next few months.) "When we go on-planet. I’m sure between the two of us we can find a way to conceal the ship for when we’re in deep-space. You can get yourself healed, and I'll get home." She clasps her hands together in a girlish sort of delight, as if it were all that simple. He sighs because, although her plan sounds wonderful, there are too many variables, too many flaws. Let alone the fact that Luke Skywalker is just as likely to kill him as to heal him, given his history with his uncle. Instead, he concentrates on refuting her plan. "Even by day, the demons are out. Planetary night cycles don’t apply to deep space – the First Order will have stations throughout the galaxy. And how do you know your Jedi Order wasn’t destroyed? How do you know Skywalker is alive? He’s been missing…” He lets that thought trail off, tries not to think about the part he played in Skywalker’s exile. She smirks. Actually smirks. "I last saw Luke two weeks ago. Before I crashed. We had a fleet, heading to the Unknown regions. I’d feel a disturbance in the Force if my Master died.” Kylo Ren conceded to that. “Okay, but how do you know Luke will heal me? How do you expect to navigate the demons? If they’re heading to the Unknown Regions, how do you expect to find them?” Rey tapped her head. “Jedi mind tricks. They’ll come in handy. And do you have a better plan?” No, he didn’t, but he wasn’t going to give in to impractical nonsense. No matter how pretty it sounded. "The demons are immune to mind tricks. They’re loyal to Snoke." She rolls her eyes. "I know that. But I can use the Force to sense where most of the demons are, right? So we can avoid them!" Kylo Ren frowns. He supposes she has a point She stops pacing, turns to face him. "Ben," she says, using a name that he hasn’t gone by in years, a safe name, one he won’t recognize her by, "This might actually work." And Kylo Ren, despite his best efforts to the contrary, finds her hope infectious. Notes: Thoughts?