One Genetic engineering was an amazing science that could create almost anything the heart desired, however, a very difficult study to master. That was why it was left mostly to the Kemino’s or other highly intelligent species because otherwise things could go wrong. That’s what you believed happened in your circumstance, something went wrong when your DNA was being spliced, not that your mother would ever admit. She blamed it on the fact that the contributing DNA for your X chromosomes were so old, it had been about 30 years since it was extracted from its host. But it really didn’t make sense either way how you ended up with his memories. Something that doesn’t just…happen. Of course it came in handy while training, you were able to use these memories to pick up easily on the maneuvers shown to you, and use ones that you weren’t. But occasionally you would have trouble distinguishing which memory belonged to you, and which belonged to him. You began to doubt your individuality, you were so much like him. Your attitude, you’re fighting techniques and even your looks all resembled this man; the legendary Jedi Knight, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You were basically his clone, your mother only added a few attributes from her own DNA as well as changing your sex, and she always wanted a girl, after all. You managed to keep the identity of your father a secret, living a relatively peaceful life as the princess of your planet. Until the First Order arrived. Your planet was rich in chromium and titanium, which the Order was in need of to create more war ships, so it was the obvious choice when time came for them to build their forces. Not having the military strength necessary to fight it, your planet was forced into submission. Today was the day where your mother and the General of the Order negotiate an agreement. When you were finally forced to leave your room, your heart pounded against your chest. There was a presence in the palace that made your hair stand on end. Yes, the First Order was terrifying in their own right- you hardly ever felt such a strong compulsion to run. Not that you weren’t fully capable of defending yourself, from an early age you were able to call upon the memories of Obi-Wan in order to train, and in doing so, you managed to become a skilled warrior in the ancient Jedi Arts. So what was it that you feared so much, that your past life seemed to be warning you about? You were soon to figure out. Palace guards guided you to the Throne Room, filling you in on the drama that has occurred since you heard of their arrival, “It seem this Lord Ren has been causing trouble since he’s arrived. However we are unable to detain him considering the circumstances, so the whole guest suite in the east wing is in shambles.” Cameron Tanaka, the head officer informed you. You frowned, “The First Order can’t control their own dogs?” “Lord Ren is a…special case.” Coming to a stop in front of the entrance, your handmaidens made some last minute corrections to your dress, straightening the train, adjusting the tiara in your hair and tucking some stray locks in bobby pins. “…her Royal Highness Princess (y/n).” Well, you found the source of your unease. The room had several delegates from both your planet and the Order, but the one who caught your eye as soon as the door swung open was him. They all stood- other than your mother, the queen of course, he was…intimidating to say the least. Clad in thick, black robes head to toe, tall, and imposing, and although he was masked, you could feel his eyes follow your every move. You averted your gaze to your mother, sitting on the throne, and acted as if you were a droid, void of emotion. It was easier that way, the less emotion you let others see, the less they would try to take advantage of you. “You are late.” She said, stoically, putting up the same front. “Our guests have been waiting to meet you.” You courtesy and move to take your position beside her, “My apologies, mother, I misread the schedule.” “Your Highness, may I introduce General Hux, and Captain Phasma of the First Order?” Senator Mai Rin stood from her seat, motioning toward the still standing guests in front of the thrones. They bowed quickly, the General taking it upon himself to speak, “It is an honor to meet you, your Highness, I look forward to working with you and building a working relationship between your planet and the first order.” “Likewise, General. May I ask about your guest?” your cold eyes switch from the ginger to the darker presence. You could tell the two did not agree with one another, the tension was obvious. “I am Kylo Ren, Master of the Knights of Ren.” The general could only watch with distaste as the Knight stepped forward, not minding his manors even in front of royalty. His voice was altered by the mask, but deep, and baritone, sending a shiver down your spine as he spoke. The sense of familiarity wouldn’t leave, and despite your cool act, you felt as if he could see right past it. “Lord Ren, I prefer to speak to my guests face to face, would you remove your helmet?” your mother spoke up now, she must have sensed your unease, although not sure why, she must have figured the intimidating mask put you off. He lifted his gloved hands to his head, and unclasping his helmet, the snout elevated slightly making a small hiss, “Pardon my manors, Your Majesty.” His eyes, heavy, dark, and so sure of himself. He reminded you of someone from a dream, a memory of Obi-Wans, which you constantly tried to suppress. Now it was killing you- you wanted to know who he was and why he seemed so familiar. You would have recognized him if Obi-Wan had seen him before, but you had a feeling he was a totally knew character to your life, yet, somehow connected. He was very handsome, his face covered in beauty marks, full pink lips and sharp features. He seemed too angelic to ever be considered evil, but yet he was working for the Order, clad in darkness. The energy around him sparked, constantly fighting between dark and light, if anything he was confused- not completely dark. You could still see the light in him, fighting for dominance over the darkness. “Now, let us continue with our negotiations.” It had been at least two hours since you arrived, and you had honestly begun to zone out, letting the other officials work out the final detail, until a new subject was brought up, “Your Majesty, we require proof of your loyalty- insurance if you will- that your planet will continue to be loyal to the First Order.” The Knight spoke suddenly, drawing your attention. “Is the treaty not enough to satisfy you, Master Ren, or is it that you do not trust a planet ruled by females?” “The treaty is simply that- a treaty, it can be broken at any time if you consider the consequences bearable. To maintain your utter loyalty, it is best to take something that you are most afraid to lose.” The Knight stepped forward, circling around the General and Captain, to face the Queen and yourself. “From what I have observed, that would be, your daughter.” You stare in utter disbelief. “I must protest to this your Majesty!” your own planets General spoke, “she is your only heir we cannot risk her safety!” “It is because she is the only heir, General,” Ren hissed at the older man, “It is the only way we can ensure your absolute loyalty.” “I will NOT leave!” You stood from your seat beside your mother who looked up at you, surprised by your outburst. “I refuse, I have too many issues to handle here as it is. Tomorrow I have to go to the Eastern Islands for disaster relief, after last week’s tsunami they need all the support they can get! I have several meetings to attend concerning the border dispute in-“ “I will send another to finish negotiations. The ground work you did will make it easy for them to agree in our favor. And there are plenty of volunteers going to the disaster site already.” Your mother interrupted you, giving you a chastising stare, “the place where you are most needed is with the Order where you can represent our people.” You couldn’t believe she was actually agreeing to this. “Mother?” “However much I wish to deny this- he is right.” She closed her eyes for a moment and sighed, “Once the Order is finished obtaining the material they need for the amount of ships that are listed in the contract, you are to return her to this planet immediately. No harm shall come to her, she is not to be anywhere other than the Finalizer or The Starkiller base without first contacting me. She is to be given proper accommodations as well as two full time guards.” “Agreed.” General Hux nodded. “You have my word your daughter will be well taken care of aboard my ship.” You glared at her, how could she? Your place was besides her, learning to run the planet, and with your people. You fought the urge to leave, no one was allowed to stand before the Queen, let alone march out of here. Despite your animosity, you still behaved as a princess should- and kept your mouth shut. Not that you had to wait long to storm off- she stood suddenly, and everyone stood beside her. Her own hand maidens adjusted her skirts to wear she could walk, the guards took their position to flank her as she left the room without another word. You were quick to follow, however, you didn’t allow the time for the handmaidens to adjust your own gown, you simply walked out the door, and in the opposite direction she was headed. Ignoring the alluring man behind you, you made your way to your own room. “This is ridiculous,” continue to rant as you enter your suite, flipping off your heels as you entered, pulling off your jewelry and tossing them onto the vanity to the side of the room, managing to land the rings in the bowl they belonged too. Your aim was always exceptional. “He has the audacity to demand a hostage.” You walk towards your large closet, opening the door and ignoring whoever was following you as you begin to undress. “Milady…” You pull at the clips in your hair, taking out your tiara and placing it on its proper stand in the closet, opening the door to the cabinet that held your gowns, you reached back and began to undo the buttons, “because that’s what it is really. The Order is bullying this planet into giving them whey want. And as if it weren’t enough they set up military bases in all the major cities-“ “….Milady.” “-scaring the locals half to death, but they want to take me, as an extra precaution. Like we have any choice but to listen to their demands!” you shimmy your upper body out of the gown, and let it fall to your feet, “So why do they feel the need to-“ “Your highness!” You huff, turning to glare at whoever it was interrupting your rant- Tanaka, “What?” you bark. “You’re having an anxiety attack, please try to calm down.” After a moment of staring at him your clouded judgement begins to dissipate. You were standing in only your underwear in front of your head of security, “O-oh, sorry Tanaka.” You reach to cover yourself with the gown and seat yourself on the ottoman in the center of the closet. He smiled and walked into the closet, he’s seen you like this before honestly, often, if you were running late, he would come to check on you while your handmaidens dressed you, “It’s alright, just breathe. Why don’t you get your evening clothes on and I will get you something to eat from the kitchen. I doubt you want to join the Order for supper.” You sigh and smile, feeling the effects of your anxiety hit you now that your initial rage has settled, you were shaking. “Thank you. Give my apologies to my mother, I just can’t put up with them right now.” He bowed, “of course. Please try to relax while I am gone. I already sent your maidens away for the evening so you are free to do as you will.” He left without another word. You take a moment to catch your breath, holding your head between your palms and clearing your mind as you remember being trained to do as a young padawan, when things became too much- but you were never a padawan. You bitterly use his memories to calm you down, as his Mentor, Qui-Gon had taught him, as much as you hated accessing them, you had to admit they did help, with everything from negotiating to physical training. Just breath, concentrate your energy… Before long you were able to pick yourself back up, and reach in your closet to grab a nightgown, a much simpler piece of attire, simple straps and a straight bodice that flowed as you moved, reaching down to your knees. Exiting your closet you made your way across the room your balcony, your favorite spot, facing the gardens. It wasn’t too big, well, compared to the others around the palace, just big enough to hold a small seating area with a fire pit, where one was already going for you. You took a seat on the sofa, facing the fire, watching the flames dance, losing track of time and most of your conscious thoughts. Until someone broke them. “Milady,” Tanaka was back. You could hear him approaching, “I figured you’d be wanting something sweet tonight.” Circling the patio furniture, he handed you a small dish with a piece of cake, you smile, “thanks. I don’t have much of an appetite tonight anyways. Didn’t I ask you to call me (y/n) when we are in private, Cam?” “Force of habit, (y/n).” He smiled and took a seat next to you, “I overheard them talking, they’re planning to have you leave by tomorrow evening, and giving you tomorrow to get ready.” You rested your feet on the edge of the fire pit, warming them up while you cut the cake with the edge of the fork, “I figured they’d want to get going as soon as possible. Will you be joining me?” You smile at him, “If you’re there I think I’d be able to bear it a bit better.” He grinned and rubbed his hands together, “I’m the head of palace security ma’am, I can’t just get up and leave.” You whined and fell over, resting your head in his lap, “Leave Julius in charge, you’ve been training him for what? Two years? I’m sure he’ll do just fine.” “Your mother actually suggested sending him,” He ran his hand through your hair gently. You frown, “why? Sending you would be a better idea, we already get along so well.” He chuckled, “that’s probably the whole reason.” You groan and take another bite of the cake, forgetting your etiquette around him. The two of you had been close like this for nearly a year, since your mother asked him to be your primary guard. You were no stranger to trouble after all, so much so your last personal guard asked to be reassigned. So Tanaka switched him places, and the two of you have been partners in crime ever since. Well, he went along with your shenanigans without complaint. Adding to his willingness to follow you basically everywhere, he was strong and earned his title as head of security, and rather handsome. You had been planning to make a move for about a week now, until the First Order came and decided to mess everything up. “Julius wouldn’t be able to keep up.” You mutter, mouth full of crumbs. He laughed fully, “is the fierce princess of (planet name) really pouting?” You turn to face away and continue to pout, “What if something happens while I’m gone?” “Nothing will happen, I’ll be here when you get back, I promise.” You mumble and put the plate on the ground, scooting up to lean against him properly, “Cam…I…” “I know, I don’t want to leave you either, but orders are orders, (Y/N), I can’t just disobey.” “I’ve got a bad feeling about this…” you sigh and give in, relaxing against his strong arm, trying not to think of what was to come. Chapter 2 : Chapter Two Summary: Today is the day! The day where you leave your life behind, and join the First Order crew aboard the Finalizer. Not that the day wouldn't be hard enough, but as it turns out, a certain someone has found out your little secret, and wants to play. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Knock knock, you heard the door to your suite click open before hearing a familiar voice, “Good morning sunshine.” You barely stirred from your restless sleep, lifting your head slightly to acknowledge the sound you just heard, “huh?” The side of your bed bent downward slightly, and you could feel cool, soft fingers run through your tangled hair, “time to wake up, you have a busy day today.” Your mother. You groan and burrow deeper into the pile of blankets and pillows nesting around you, “noooo…” She continued to pet your hair, “come now, Tanaka is bringing up breakfast now, why don’t you get dressed?” You peek out at her from under your comforter, “will you stay for breakfast?” “Of course.” She patted your bottom and stood up, you watched and stretched as she walked over to your closet, “Why don’t you wear that pretty sun dress we got you in the Keys last summer? It’s a really beautiful day out today.” You rolled over, uncovering yourself slightly, and cuddled a pillow, watching her raid your closet, “I doubt that General Hux would take me seriously if I came in looking like a cute school girl.” Having found what she was searching for she came back at you, rolling her eyes as she went. When she didn’t have to be Queen she actually made a rather sweet mother, and you would miss her dearly. But you shook that thought away, trying not to start the day depressed, “Just for this morning, you can change before you leave.” Another groan escapes your lips as you finally sit up at the edge of the bed and stretch your back, “Great, I’ll wear something black, to signify my loss of freedom.” “You are so dramatic, (y/n),” She tossed the dress at you and pulled you up to a standing position, guiding you to the bathroom, “you can’t be sassy with these people, okay? Try to stay out of their way as much as you can and you will do fine.” You paused while brushing your teeth, giving her the best, ‘are you serious’ look, “Mother, I can’t help it if they can’t keep up with my exceptional wit and-“ spit, “charm.” “Uh huh.” She brushed out your hair as you swished the mouthwash around, braiding your hair as you spit that out, “get dressed, I hear Tanaka at the door.” If only she knew how her daughter and the head guard had no regards to clothing when it came to one another… You continued the line of thought, wondering if you would get to spend any time alone with him before you left that evening. Maybe you could squeeze in some training before you left. For now you would have to deal with fleeting glances and smiles. You sigh and slip out of your evening gown and into the sundress your mother picked out for you, folding the other gown up and placing it on the end of your bed for that night- or for the maids to pick up once you left. Your mother was waiting for you on the patio, two plates full of bacon, eggs and toast as well as two cups of orange juice were set on the small table, Cameron stood chatting with your mother, holding the tray which he carried the food on under his arm. He sees you and smiles, you return the smile and run your hand along his back as you walk by, going to sit opposite of your mother to eat. “Good morning, Princess.” You smile, “Morning.” How your mother didn’t notice your flirting was beyond you, but you were grateful, you didn’t need to hear yet another speech on how to act properly. You were sure that dating your security guard was such a great idea for royalty. Well, you weren’t really dating, but the romance between you two had become serious- as of last night. Up until then it had been simple gestures, elongated touches and flirting, but last night was different. After discussing the events to come for quite some time, and some good ole fashion snuggling by the fire pit, you- or rather he- finally made his move. Flashback You held his hand softly in your lap, your head resting on his shoulder, the sun had set, and now the only light came from the fire which burned and crackled softly. The two of you had been silent for a few minutes, taking in the others company and watching the fire dance. You were going to miss this, being able to relax in the comfort of your own room, your best friend and possible lover next to you. You tried not to think about it too much, keeping your heartache at bay. “You aren’t falling asleep are you?” Cam nudged you with his shoulder gently and smiled when you looked up at him. You sigh and snuggle closer to him, “maybe, maybe not.” He chuckled, “I would love to take on the role of pillow, but unfortunately I can’t stay all night.” “Why not? Just clock out and sneak back up here.” You tease, scooting to sit on your side, looking at him. He pulled your legs into his lap and rested his elbow on the back of the outdoor couch, to meet your gaze, “Don’t you know there’s a penalty for employees of this palace for fraternizing with the royal inhabitant?” “Really?” you question wide eyed, “Who would tell?” He lifted his brow and gave you a teasing look, “are you trying to get me in trouble?” You giggle and play with your hair, “I would never do it on purpose.” This was it. He was leaning in, his free hand gently smoothing over the skin of your arm, moving to caress your cheek, “I think it would be worth the risk.” His lips were pressed to yours now, hesitant, but as soon as you reacted and accepted his gesture, kissing him back just as softly, his confidence grew. Cam moves his lips against yours, the hand on your cheek moving to the nape of your neck, pulling you closer, deepening the kiss. Your heart fluttered, and you open your mouth to lick his lip, enticing him further. Feeling his tongue press against yours you guide him into your mouth, not fighting for dominance- rather just letting him have it. Cam drew you into his lap, straddling him as you continued to kiss, one arm went to circle your waist and pull you closer. When you finally broke away for air, he pressed his forehead to yours and gazed deeply into your eyes, “I don’t want you to leave.” He finally admitted. “I don’t want to go.” End Flashback Your mothers voice has been going for a few minutes while you were zoned out, your eyes glazed over as you thought of the magic of the night prior. Cameron, as it were second nature, continued to act as if nothing happened, but was quick to smirk when your mother waved her hand in front of your face, trying to get your attention. You blink a few times before looking directly at her. “You didn’t hear a word I just said, did you?” She sighed and leaned back in her seat, watching you now peck at your food. “Sorry, I just spaced out for a second there, what were you saying?” “Yeah, I can tell,” She sighs, “basically what I’m trying to get at is that Kylo Ren wishes to train with you once before you leave, to see where your skill set is at.” You choke on the orange juice you were sipping at, “W-what? He-he knows?!” Her face fell, “I did my best to hide all evidence as well as sworn your own teachers to secrecy, but in the end, you can’t hide your force sensitivity from such a strong user.” “This changes everything.” You mutter and push your food away, “Do you think he knew when he came here?” You begin to feel that familiar feeling in your gut, a sinking feeling, your instincts screaming at you to run, this man was familiar, and you felt a storm of emotions just thinking about him. But you didn’t know why. Your mother leaned over and took your hand sympathetically, “remember who you are. He may be from the dark side, but you are a child of the light, and in the end, it will guide you.” “Don’t worry, I will be there the entire time. If he gets out of hand- even once, I’ll-“ “Cam, relax, you and I both know I am fully capable of defending myself, remember that time in the Eastern Isles?” you nudge your lover with your shoulder and grin. “Oh, you mean the time you nearly became a living torch?” his brow lifted. “Hey, I got all of the civilians out of the building before it went off-“ “But you had to go back for the dog.” “It was a puppy Cameron!” He chuckled and stopped before the doorway to the training facility, facing you, looking down at you fondly, “ah, our fierce warrior princess! What are we going to do without you, I truly do not know.” You giggle and stand on your toes to give him a chaste kiss, “you’ll survive.” When you turned to open the door he gave you a quick pat on the bottom making you jump and look back at him, he winked, “Show him who’s really in charge, (y/n).” You grin and enter the combat training area with a new sense of purpose, if Cameron had such confidence in you, then you were sure you would be able to hold your own against this new adversary… Who wasn’t. Even. There. Nope, you checked the small hall that held the drinking fountain and refreshers, even waited a good fifteen minutes before losing your cool. What the hell was his problem? Demanding that you train with him before you even board the ship to leave, then never showing up? He must have some serious poise to pull something like this, with a princess no less! Did he seriously think you had nothing but time on your hands to waste away? You could be working on preparations to leave right now, giving your relief unit proper instructions and training before they went to the disaster sight you were supposed to go to until yesterday. “He isn’t coming.” You sigh and search around the room for your next best substitute. A small round object, meant for training against blaster shots, “but we’re already here so may as well work on something.” Cameron shrugged, making good on his end of the bargain and remaining in the room, “wow, you look genuinely upset.” He stood, picking up a second ball and activated it, setting it to your preferred programming and tossing it in the air, “here, maybe a bit of a challenge will help.” “Oh no, there is no way I can fend off two remotes!” “No need to get sassy, now.” You roll your eyes and reach out your hand, looking to the table which held a variety of weapons. Your choice, of course, was a lightsaber, a green one given to your mother a long time ago, when you were just a child. It supposedly belonged to Obi-Wans trainer, Qui-Gon Jinn, you could still feel his life force in the kyber crystal used to construct it, which for odd reasons, gave you comfort. Obi-Wan saw his master as a father figure, you assumed it had to do with his feelings. It flew to you without struggle, as you wrap your fingers around it, you can feel its familiarity and begin to feel less stressed, and more at ease. Your mood was brightening quickly, and igniting the saber helped you forget the frustration this Kylo Ren brought you. You close your eyes, reaching out with the force to feel the floating remotes, you were quick to block two beams shot at you from different directions, they were set to your skill level, so they weren’t going to start off slow either. You managed to block every shot cast without opening your eyes even once, even throwing in a few suave moves that weren’t necessarily….obligatory. A thin layer of sweat began to coat your body, but you didn’t feel any discomfort, not until you felt him approaching. With a groan you opened your eyes, using the force to turn off the remotes and return them to their place, turning off the lightsaber in your hand. Cameron gave you a confused look, “what happened? You seemed to be having fun.” “We have company.” The door swung open without another word escaping either pair of lips as Kylo Ren entered, fully clad in his dark robes and helmet, the only thing missing was his cloak. Cameron stood at attention, as he was trained, and masked his emotions before the Lord, “Lord Ren-“ “You are dismissed.” Ren cut him off curtly. “Princess?” Cameron gave you a look, as if asking if you were okay with this. He was your guard after all, Ren had no real control over him, and he would let him know it in the simplest way possible. You nod, putting up your own regal mask, “stand post outside the door, I’ll call you if I need you.” He left without another word, the whole time Ren’s attention never left you, not wanting to be the first to look away you let your sass slip, “aren’t you hot in all of that…” you motion towards him with your hand, he didn’t say a word, “okay, well if you get heat stroke, don’t count on me to help you I’m not medically trained-“ “What form are you most proficient in?” His deep voice resonated from his helmet, not bothering to comment on your remark, “I assume you are in need of more training considering your status and upbringing.” “You know what they say about assuming Lord Ren.” You bit back, feeling slightly offended he would say such a thing. Although you couldn’t see his facial expressions, you could tell he didn’t hold you in very high regards. What did he think you were, some soft little flower of a girl? You may have been raised in a palace, but that was no excuse on your planet, he must not have done much research before coming here, acting like he owned the place. Your planet was ruled by females- females who didn’t take kindly to weakness, and although not all were warrior type, they were known to be quite a bit more than just weak little toy pieces. “Well then prove me wrong, Princess.” You ignited your lightsaber, but held your patience, you may be quick to talk smack, but you had a reputation for being very level headed during combat. You felt his energy, he was prodding you on purpose, seeing if he could make you weak mentally before physically fighting you. That was his intention before he even stepped in the room, making you wait so long, ordering your personal guard around, and taunting you. Nice try, but it would take a lot more than that to make you lose your cool. When he noticed that you weren’t so easily provoked, he was quick to launch his physical attack, pulling his saber from his belt and igniting it before you could blink, and in two steps encroached on your personal space, forcing you to block quickly. Although his sudden movements did take you by surprise, you didn’t hesitate when blocking his attack, or when you took your own jab at him, forcing his red lightsaber to swing upward, you aimed a kick at his torso and grunted as you made impact, driving him back a few steps. From there you stepped forward quickly to take advantage of his opening, swing upward with your saber, but he was quick to force it back down with his own- unstable one. You took quick note at the side vents that looked just as dangerous as the rest of the lightsaber, although it appeared rugged and just poorly made, you got a sense of who this man was with it as well. He was just as unstable as his own weapon. His attacks came fast and strong, he didn’t hold back in the least as he continued to charge you. Although you blocked every attack he made, he didn’t give you another chance to oppose. It was frustrating to say the least, but you tried your best to absorb what you could about his attack style, and find a way around it. And you did, all of the force he exerted made him step back when he was circling you, attempting to make another attack, in that moment, he took a quick second to catch his breath, and you would do the same. He wouldn’t expect you to pounce so suddenly after just being attacked yourself, you were much smaller than him, and needed time to recuperate. But one advantage you did have was that you still had tricks up your sleeve, you had spent so much time just blocking his moves, getting to know his basic moves, that you didn’t make an attack yet. You could launch your offense now and know how to block his counter moves, and he was already worn down physically. When he withdrew from his attack, you made your move, using an extra ounce of energy to follow right at him, while he was going to rest his arm to his side. You swept downward with your saber, and would have made impact with his chest if he was not quick to block, again you attacked, pulling your blade from his quickly and twisting your body to swing for his dominant arm, perhaps to disable him. You moved quickly and gracefully as you made your own move, he was caught off guard by the sudden burst of energy you had, but that was your advantage of being smaller. You could move quicker, and using the force, you were able to make your saber land its hits harder. Close combat was no longer an option, he was too large to guard against your quick attacks so close. You circle each other as you catch your breath, thinking of your next move, you didn’t want to get trapped like you were before, so it was best that you made the first move, before he did. But he moved at the same time you did, you quickly fell to your knees and slid under his blade, circling behind him and standing quickly to attack him while he had his back to you. Barely missing his shoulder, his red lightsaber met yours, sparking slightly as you tried to force it down. He was stronger than you physically however, and was able to shove you off, countering your own move and swinging to land a blow on your waist. You blocked this, positioning your lightsaber downward and struggling slightly. The only way out was to flip over it, landing a safe distance away, “well, this is quite a bit more fun than I thought it was going to be.” You smile at him charmingly, though his response you couldn’t see, you could still feel his glare. He wasn’t too happy at being evenly matched, especially by a woman, not ‘officially’ trained in the ways of the force, “you are much stronger than you appear.” He finally spoke, disengaging his saber. “and your skills are far greater than that of an average person of your age who has been trained properly.” You shrug, “what can I say? I have talent.” “What you have is a secret.” He moved toward you, not backing down, “I can feel it around you, added to your own presence is something else. Tell me.” You cock a brow and turn off your own saber, “what makes you think I would tell you?” “You can tell me, or I can find another way to find out.” “Are you threatening me, Commander?” You straighten your stance, he didn’t scare you, as imposing as he was, and despite the eerie sense of familiarity. The sound of someone clearing their throat broke the tension, “E-excuse me,” one of your handmaidens peeped through the door, but Cameron’s voice came next taking the lead for the woman who was obviously not keen on interrupting such an intense moment, “Lord Ren, the Princess needs to prepare for departure.” Cameron, your savior. You don’t break eye contact with his visor until you get the last word however, “I look forward to working with you in the future, Kylo Ren.” Turning to the door, you did not look back or place your saber down for that matter, feeling his eyes watch your every move as you left. “You seemed to have had quite a time in there.” Cameron spoke once the training facility was out of range, the maiden followed behind the two of you. “Did you seriously watch all of that?” “Yeah, you did great, he’s not someone you should take lightly.” He meant his praise seriously. “Do you by chance have any information on him?” Cam glanced at you from his peripheral vision, “what do you mean? More than his rank and some horror stories?” “Yes, if you can get anything between now and when I leave I would like to know more about where he comes from.” Someone with his passion and anger doesn’t just pop up out of nowhere. You knew the kind of stress it would take to get a good person to become so dark, you’ve seen it happen- well, through foggy memories that didn’t exactly belong to you. The fall to the dark side was long and full of grieve and misery, you knew that much from your studies. There was light to him, and you didn’t doubt he had good in him, so it wasn’t possible he rose from the dark side, he was originally like you, young, bright and full of the light. But something happened. You wanted to know what that was. It took nearly two hours before you were ‘properly’ dressed, in that time you were scrubbed down, polished and primed to perfection. Your mother and her advisors were more worried about the impression you’d make on General Hux, despite your mind being filled with Kylo Ren. After all, he would be the one ‘in charge’ of you while you were aboard his craft and in his care. It made sense they would want to doll you up, but still, every moment of it made you cringe, being forced to follow another’s commands all because they had a larger army and needed to use your planets resources. You dreaded the path that was slowly being built, hoping that after this endeavor you could return to your people rather than continue to be tangled in the First Orders affairs. “This came for you from guard Tanaka, Milady,” a maiden handed you a datapad before returning to your hair, but before you could do so much as turn it on, it was snatched from you yet again, and placed in your traveling case instead. “My apologies, Princess, but we need to get going now if we are going to make it to the departing ceremony in time.” Tanaka spoke from outside of the closet, giving you privacy, of course it wasn’t proper for a servant to see you undressed. You stand and shake the flock of women off, exiting the closet, and following him out of the room, the women going in the opposite direction. From here on, you would be grooming and dressing yourself, not that you minded it, you actually preferred it that way. But with all the hustle and bustle as of late, you didn’t get that opportunity. Your bags would be transported to the Finalizer for you, all you had to do now was wear a smile and appear as if you have it put together as the people of the Capitol City bid you farewell. It was the General’s idea actually, if the people see that you are going of your own free will, they would have less of an issue with it, and have less reason to cause trouble for the Order as they occupied your planet. So the little parade was arranged. “Cam, do you think you can stow away on the transporter before it departs?” He chuckled and pulled your hand to his lips, a last token of his affections before the other guards joined, “we will find our way back to each other, (y/n). I promise. And if I can, I will get you back here as soon as I can. Just do your best not to piss that Kylo Ren off.” For the first time in a while you felt vulnerable, “I’ll try.” You could see the rest of the guard at the entrance to the palace, waiting for you, and before you could say another word, they were flanking you, and you were exiting the palace- your home. The sunlight kissed your bare shoulders and the sounds of the crowded city streets greeted you. This would be a quick goodbye, the Order had other business to attend to after all. You made your way to the ramp of the transporter that would take you to the Finalizer, waving and smiling brightly at the people who looked up to you as the future leader of their planet. You always managed to keep a happy appearance no matter the circumstances, and you were grateful for that at least. You were lead to the top step of the palace entryway, where you would say your final words, not bothering to make eye contact with the General in charge of the operation, you took your place, your stance confident, head held high, shoulders back, spine straight, speaking directly into the microphone, “I would like to thank you all for your love and support throughout my life and allowing my mother and myself to serve you. Trust in us now, as you have all these years, through these difficult times that we are doing what we do with your best interest in mind. I will miss this planet, and its people dearly while I am away and I will continue to stand for your best interests while with the First Order. I say goodbye now, in hopes that when I return we can celebrate and indulge in the prosperity this treaty has gained us together!” And like that, your goodbye was complete, and you were pulled away to board the transport that would take you to your fate. You continued to smile and wave as you were taken aboard, and turning before the ramp was raised to give Cameron one last glance. He beamed and waved at you enthusiastically, you could feel his feeling were just as crushed as yours however. You didn’t break eye contact until it was no longer possible to make. With a sigh you made your way towards the inner ship, your cheery demeanor gave way to a blank stare across the room. You took a seat far from the leaders of the Order, hoping that they would respect your need for alone time. You felt the ship take off and before long you had exited your planet’s atmosphere, and even passed the two moons that orbited it. You watched from the view ports as they grew smaller and smaller, and something large coming into focus. It was much larger than any craft you have ever seen on your planet, having never left before. It was truly a magnificent site to see for the first time. “Princess, welcome to the Finalizer.” Notes: I hoped ya'll enjoyed it! Sorry it took so long to upload, I've been out of internet for about a week, but this next chapter coming up should be good. Our dear reader is about to learn why this chaotic Knight is, well, such an ass, let's see how she takes it, huh?