Six Word Stories Sansa/Margaery: Her lips were red as roses. Sansa/Willas: She thought she’d be happy here. Han/Leia: He knew the moment they met. Chapter 2 : Three Sentence Fic: Leia and Ben Solo, "take away" Though she had promised herself she wouldn’t scream, that she would meditate and use the breathing exercises Luke had taught her, she begged them to take away the pain. She had thought that nothing could possibly be more painful than what she had experienced on the Death Star; she was wrong. But when her son was born, hours later, it had all been worth it. Chapter 3 : Three sentence fic: Jedistormpilot, coffeeshop AU Stepping up to the counter while Rey was investigating the wide variety of coffee makers and travel coffee mugs for sale, wondering if maybe this coffee shop would get his drink right, Finn took a deep breath and told the (incredibly cute) barista that everyone had trouble making his favorite drink right, which was a non-fat flat white, not an Americano and not a latte, but a flat white, with real ristresso shots, and two pumps of non fat toffee nut syrup, and gesturing at her, that Rey would be having just a black dark roast. “I can make anything,” the (so, so handsome) barista said, grinning cockily, “but I need names for your cups.” “Finn; my name is Finn, and hers is Rey,” he said, somehow feeling as though this was the beginning of an adventure. Chapter 4 : Headcanons: General Hux, Dark secrets/’skeletons in the closet’ Hux’s father, the Commandant, was abusive. Hux had to stand in perfect military precision for hours, reciting the planets of the galaxy and their capital cities, multiplication tables, chemical formulas, etc, and one mistake and out the belt would come. Hux rapidly rose through the ranks of the First Order in spite of, not because of his abusive father; the day he saw his father slap his mother across the face, causing her to hit her head and have huge bruises and a concussion, was the day Hux decided he would be a general and have a command ship by the time he was 35. He considers everything he’s ever done as a gigantic “fuck you” to his father. Hux’s mother died very young and while his father did not kill her, per se, Hux believes in his heart that his father is responsible for his mother’s death. Much like his father’s Commandant’s Cadets, Hux killed one of his fellow cadets at a young age and easily made it appear to be an accident. Many of his cohort that disagreed with him/didn’t like him have disappeared to the farthest reaches of the First Order, in paper pushing jobs far down the chain of command. They will never be promoted or escape from their bureaucratic hell. No one crosses Hux and tells about it. Hux made the mistake of falling in love with one of his colleagues, when he was in his early twenties. She was beautiful, with dark skin and thick, bouncy curly hair that he loved to stroke and twine around his fingers. She had so much potential for a bright future in the First Order. She fell pregnant, and that is when Hux started to have panic and anxiety attacks. She wanted to hide their relationship and her pregnancy, and she died after hemorrhaging blood as she miscarried the baby. After she died, Hux preferred to sleep with men, often taking out his pain and anger on them via sex. Hux will do anything to hide the fact that he has generalized anxiety disorder. Anything. He is not weak, and no one will see him as such. Hux will destroy anything that stands in his way. That is one of the few things he learned from his father. Chapter 5 : Headcanons: Han and Leia, after the battle of Endor Tender is how it feels, new and fresh and precious. After all the pain, the fighting, the endless war, now they can take a moment to breathe, to relax, to live . A few days later, Leia weaves flower crowns with the Ewoks and playfully dubs her brother prince of Alderaan. Han and Lando and Wedge all get crowns, too. That night there is so much drinking and dancing and smiling in the firelight. Everything has a hazy, sepia glow to it. They mourn their lost colleagues, making toasts in their honor. People sleep wherever–in the trees, in the Ewok huts, in their ships, cuddled together in a heap around the central fire. There is so much talking, dreaming of the galaxy they are going to build. But not yet. First there is Han, holding Leia, stroking her hair and cheek and promising he’ll always love her. They hole up in one of the Falcon’s bunks, laying there, talking and holding each other for hours. Chewie stands guard, refusing to let anyone interrupt them. They’ve earned this. Chewie is honored as a great warrior by the Ewok tribe. Generations later, they will tell stories of the brave heroes who were adopted into the tribe, and will offer anyone who bears an Alliance starbird insignia welcome. They hear the stories from their friends who were fighting up above–Lando and Han tinker with the Falcon, of course. Wedge and the Rogues’ stories get more outlandish every time. Luke is quiet, and no one forces him to speak of what it was like there, on the Death Star, with the Emperor and the Dark Lord of the Sith. Later, he tells Leia everything, of course, and they hold each other in silence, taking solace in their twin bond, which was there the whole time–Leia tells Luke of her dreams of a boy in the desert, and Luke asks her about the copse of trees and the lake near the palace on Alderaan. It will take her years to come to terms with her paternal heritage. Han avoids the subject, but learns quickly when Leia is having a moment. All he needs to do is hold her. Eventually, all good things must come to an end, and they all leave Endor, go their separate ways for a time. Rebuild. Live. Learn. Many more mistakes will be made. They will all have their hearts broken, again and in different ways. The pain will be different. But they will always have Endor. They relive that magical night, when they were young and free and had won, in a way, the night Han and Leia quietly marry. She wears flowers woven into her traditional, elaborate Alderaanian hairstyle. Luke walks her down the aisle, and that night they toast to Endor, the night the galaxy turned upside down. Chapter 6 : Headcanons: happy memories Ben Solo has with his parents Though Kylo Ren will never admit it, Ben Solo’s childhood was not entirely full of misery and self-loathing. He will never forget the first time he can remember flying in the Falcon, sitting in his father’s lap, learning the controls, feeling the exhilaration of going up into space and into lightspeed. He rarely pilots his own craft now, and it is the one thing he envies Poe Dameron. He has a gift for languages–he learned Wookiee from his uncle Chewie; the Tattooine dialect and Huttese and Bocce from his uncle Luke; the peculiar terminology used in Tibanna gas mines and smuggling slang from uncle Lando; Alderaanian from his mother, Corellian from his father. After the massacre at the Jedi academy, he burned all of the poetry he had written, mostly in Alderaanian, which is a perfect language for poetry, dating back to when he was just seven years of age. He had been happy surrounded by his books and his dictionaries and when his mama told him, yes, you conjugated that verb correctly; yes, that’s the perfect Alderaanian myth to reference . After a while, he stopped showing anyone his poetry. It was his, and his alone, and now no one would ever see it. He learned to climb trees with uncle Chewie at a very young age; he and his dad and Chewie would go on camping trips on Yavin 4 and Endor and they taught him how to survive in the wilderness, to kill and cook his own meat, to build a shelter, to communicate with those with whom he did not share a language. He was adopted into the Ewok tribe that had adopted his parents before the Battle of Endor during one of these camping trips. He learned how to swim with his childhood best friend, Poe, on one of his parents’ visits to Yavin 4. Poe was older than he was, but shorter, and always knew how to make him smile despite the sadness and the unyielding pains in his head. They practiced their swimming and flying and climbing trees and for a while, Benjamin Anakin Chewbacca Organa Solo had a normal childhood, one where he had a best friend and parents and uncles who all loved him, and there weren’t voices and whispering and pains in his head, and an entire galaxy watching him. Chapter 7 : Reylo + "She kept his heart locked in a wooden box." She kept his heart locked in a wooden box. It was safer there, though she knew it could be opened at any time, and then she would have to look at it, think about it, feel it. She could hear it beating, echoing through her chamber at night, in her sleep, in her dreams, as if taunting her, saying, this could be yours, just open it and let me in, you know what power I contain . Don’t be afraid, I feel it too . She kept his heart locked in a wooden box, deep down, where she knew no one else would ever be able to reach it. She guarded it, for it was hers to guard, and no one else could be allowed to open it. And then, one day, she did. Chapter 8 : Han x Leia + "Tell me about your father" :) His left hand was twined in the dark of her hair, while he twirled a strand around his fingers, over and over, in his left. She smiled at him, and he felt as if he could drown in her dark brown hair and eyes. “Tell me about your father?” he asked, and she could see the hurt and the question in his eyes, earnest as ever. They had discussed anything, and everything, over the past two days, but not her family, and not Alderaan, and she knew it was finally time. “His hands were so soft, and strong,” she began, her voice wavering a little. “One of my first memories is him teaching me to walk, in the palace hallways, with my mother in her ceremonial headdress and dress, laughing and cheering me on as I toddled, with my father holding my hands. We were all so young, and so happy.” Chapter 9 : Alexander x Eliza, Hamilton, modern AU, “If I could see you right now, I would punch you.” “If I could see you right now, I would punch you.” Her voice was flat, so unlike its usual musical lilt, full of life and laughter. Her voice was as dead as her heart. The phone was silent on the other end. Her voice rose in anger and pain and tone, though she tried desperately to hide it. “Aren’t you going to say anything? You certainly had a lot to say about that woman in that article you published. You always have something to say, Alexander. You had plenty to say to me the night we met, the night we got married, the night our son was born, but now? Now is when you choose to be silent? On the worst night of my life?” She waited. Nothing. “What am I supposed to say, Alexander? That I’m not angry with you, and heartbroken, and devastated? That I wouldn’t punch you if I saw you right now?” She hung up the phone, not waiting for a response this time, and finally, for the first time since Alexander’s article had been published, sank to the floor and allowed herself to cry. Chapter 10 : Bagginshield, nobody dies AU, + “Why are you wearing that?” Seeing Bilbo dressed to travel, his pack on his back and his walking stick in his hand, Thorin was quite consternated. “Master Baggins!” he called out, loud enough to carry above the hubbub of the cleaning and rebuilding of Erebor, yet gently, hoping not to startle the hobbit. “Why are you wearing that? Surely you are not leaving so soon? We expect another delegation from the Iron Hills to arrive soon, and we would all very much enjoy your company at the welcoming feast.” Thorin spoke formally, slightly stiffly, much like his healing wounds. He could not, would not, forget how the hobbit before him nearly gave his life for his own folly in the battle, and remained by his side as he healed. Since then, he had had difficulty speaking with Bilbo, for he seemingly could not find the words to properly convey all that he felt. “I am not leaving as yet, Thorin,” Bilbo began, and Thorin breathed a sigh of relief. “Gandalf and I are going out into the valley, to see if we can begin coaxing any plants back to life.” At this, Thorin smiled before he could stop himself, saying “Your garden.” And Bilbo smiled back. “Yes, Thorin, my garden.” Chapter 11 : Headcanons: What do you think Padme's fondest memories of Naboo are? It was little things that Padmé loved most about Naboo. The sunlight, rippling over the water. Padmé, like all other Nubians, learned a deep respect and appreciation for the water from a young age. The scent, of the water and the flowers touching. Tamed, yet never truly tameable. Everything on Naboo was pristine, and pure, like the water. As long as you were near the water, the source of life on Naboo, the Nubian mother goddess would protect you. gentil mare, et donem gràcies per les seves regals. demanem la seva benedicció en aquest dia. Padmé had a knack for the ancient, traditional Nubian language from an early age. She loved the way it rolled off her tongue and practicing with her handmaidens. She dreamed of one day teaching it to her daughter, telling her about the gardens and the water and the gifts of the mother goddess on Naboo. The tales about Aigualí, the Nubian mother goddess, were among Padmé’s favorite stories as a child. As an adult, she wasn’t particularly religious per se, but she would always treasure her childhood treasury of Nubian fairy and folk tales. She never felt farther away from Aigualí and the water than she did trapped in her opulent quarters in the Senate complex on Coruscant, and thus she treasured Naboo and her heritage and the love she kept locked away in her heart all the more. She remembered that love every time she saw one of her handmaidens smile, every time they laughed, and it was a little piece of Naboo far away from home. Chapter 12 : Headcanons: Poe Dameron He’s lost track of how many scars he has lining and criss-crossing his body. One in particular–a circular one on his right knee– he knows exactly what had happened, however. It had been a warm summer evening on Yavin 4, and he and Ben had left the campfire to go climb the Force tree, and of course they fell out. He and Ben had done a lot together, back then, including learning how to swim together, splashing in Yavin 4′s many streams and lakes. He often wonders what might have been. What they would have been like flying together, fighting together… Poe is no Force-sensitive, but when Ben disappeared, he felt it. Felt it in Aunt Leia General Organa’s sad smile, only hinting at the agony he knew she was hiding. Poe had learned his mother’s native language at her knee, as well as the local language on Yavin 4, before he learned Basic, and he felt he could never quite shake the syntax, the knowledge that the way he spoke Basic was quite different than the cultured Coruscanti accent that most higher-ups tended to cultivate. (He wasn’t alone, however. General Solo loved to make fun of the way they spoke on Hosnian Prime.) Poe preferred to cultivate his mother’s garden on Yavin 4, long after she had passed away. Poe is known on the Resistance base as congenial, charming, optimistic. Poe knows himself as lonely, miserly, and depressed, often closing the door to his quarters, looking out the transparisteel and feeling as though BB-8 is his only true friend left in the galaxy. Poe would do anything for anyone in need. ( just like your mother, he hears his father grumbling). He’s commended for it, for his risky maneuvers in battle, for never leaving a colleague behind. He’s afraid that they’ll realize his head is full of fantasies of dying like his mother, a hero, a fighter, a martyr. dying is easy, young man. living is harder , Han Solo whispers from beyond the grave. You have to live, he tells himself. You have to live, for Finn and for Rey and for Jess Pava and for General Organa and for the hope that one day, his childhood best friend turned worst nightmare (and oh, does he have the nightmares) would come home. Chapter 13 : Reylo, “you’re only allowed to sit there and watch until i tell you otherwise” Notes: This chapter is rated M and NSFW. When Rey touched herself, she knew exactly how to make herself come, quickly, without exerting too much effort that would sap her strength for the next day. It was liberating for her, all alone in her AT-AT, her moans echoing off the durasteel walls. She assumed most beings learned how to pleasure themselves with a partner, but alone in the desert, she had only the fickle and fleeting winds to seduce, and only her own whims to satisfy. Learning patience, and how to pleasure someone other than oneself, was therefore a difficult exercise, particularly when she could feel every scant movement through the Force, which was nothing that she had ever been aware of on Jakku. She could hear herself, begging to touch, to be touched, so tense and anticipating what she wanted, which was not just to touch, but to taste and feel him on top of her, and she couldn’t, not yet. Suddenly, she was moaning, both aloud and through the threads that connected them more deeply than even their bodies ever could. He had told her that she was only allowed to sit there and watch until he told her otherwise, and to that effect, her hands were bound at her sides to the chair upon which she sat, completely naked. She had to learn patience, but she wanted, oh how she wanted, to have him inside her, to feel both inside and without. She strained against her silken bonds, watching him laying in bed and touching himself, slowly. It was torture, exquisite torture, to see the way he took himself in hand, and stroked, thumbing his tip, fondling his own balls, and her not able to try it herself, to be the one to give him that pleasure, to look up at him from below and see his dark eyes dilating. She had not yet been told otherwise, however, and so she clenched her fists and her center and attempted to breathe. She was trying to pay close attention, to see how he liked it, and remember for later, but she couldn’t concentrate on more than how she wanted desperately to do more than just watch. And so she reached out with her mind, where she could touch, without the physical contact she so fiercely craved. His desire was hers, and hers was his, and his hands were no longer entirely his own, and she could feel him laughing, realizing how she had overcome the physical restriction. You had told me I needed a teacher. Chapter 14 : the second Jynnic piece Notes: This chapter is rated M and NSFW. “Come closer, dear,” he said, practically purring. He was sitting in his high-backed chair, behind his desk, blueprints and plans strewn everywhere, and she knew that she should be paying attention to his notes, to his plans, but she was much more intrigued at the moment by how his legs were spread open in the chair, his pristine white uniform straining. White shows everything , she thought, with a hint of a smile. She took advantage of the opportunity to plant herself in the chair with him, raking her fingers through his perfectly coiffed hair, bringing his lips down to her neck as she nipped at his ear, whispering, “What do you want from me, Director?” By way of response, he pulled her hair, pulling her down into a vicious kiss that drew blood. She wrapped her legs around him as he brought his arm around her back, scooping her up as if she weighed nothing and planted her firmly on his desk. She grinded against him as he worked his hands under her jacket and shirt, up her rib cage, and began kneading her breasts. She sighed, letting herself relax just a little, savoring the moment. She licked the blood off her lips as she arched her back and pressed into him, letting him watch her as she reached to undo his silver belt buckle. She paused for a moment, only to think that her mission was an unqualified success, before moaning as she turned her attentions back to the Director’s hands stroking her body. Chapter 15 : Reylo, proposal, with Rey proposing and being reassured Rey had never been able to trust anyone, not until she met Finn and Han Solo. Even after all the years she had spent with her Resistance family and learning the Force from Master Luke, she still woke up at night in a cold sweat, panicking that they had all abandoned her, leaving her on Jakku, alone once again. Some nights these terrors took the form of her waking up, thinking she was in her AT-AT home, believing herself to have woken up from a dream in which she escaped Jakku on the Millennium Falcon, became a Jedi, and fought the First Order. In her disorientation, Ben would often have to physically restrain her from attempting to attack him. One particularly rough night, she succeeded in punching him in the face, and only succeeded in truly waking up after Ben crashed into the refresher door while backing away from her. After that incident, she had expected to find all of his things gone from their quarters when she returned after the evening meal. She couldn’t fathom why he would want to be in a relationship with her, after all they had been through, both separately and together, and expected that the somnambulic punch in the face would be the last straw for him. To her surprise, everything was as they had left it in the morning, including the dent in the wall where it had connected with Ben’s elbow. She winced looking at it, including the wreck that had become of their few possessions. She started picking up assorted clothing and sighed, attempting to sort through her emotions as Luke had taught her all those years ago on the island. Ben loves me. Leia loves me. Finn loves me. Poe loves me. Jess loves me. Take a deep breath. Inhale to a count of seven, hold for seven, exhale to eight. But what if they don’t? What if they abandon you like your family did? You had five years with your family. It’s been less than that with all of them…. The voice at the back of her head always managed to seep in when she thought of the family she had built, particularly her life partner, who had more reason than any of the others to want to leave her. She had to find a way to prevent that from happening. No one would ever leave her again. She frowned as she attempted to find mates for all of her socks, and tried not to cry, thinking of herself and Ben as a pair of mismatched socks, grey and black and different sizes. While she was sitting on their bed, a laundry crate on her lap and tears streaming down her face, Ben came in their quarters, bearing a very swollen and red nose underneath the scar that she had also given him. “Rey! What in all the stars is the matter?” he asked, hurrying over to sit next to her and encase her in his arms. Feeling him hold her and stroke her hair, reaching out with a tendril of the Force to try to calm her down, made her cry all the harder. Over the years, she had preferred not to discuss much of her years on Jakku with anyone. Finn and Poe had glared and crossed their arms at anyone who sought to question her too closely after she had returned from Ahch-To, and Ben had never needed to ask, nor probed too deeply through the Force. She didn’t know if she would ever have the words to explain how truly lonely she had been, nor was she sure she ever did want to, to have to face the pity of all these beings that had grown up surrounded by others. Her crying slowed, she hiccuped and held out the mismatched socks to Ben. “I’m doing laundry,” she said, wiping her face with her sleeve. “I’m sorry I hit you last night. I thought I was back on Jakku.” “I know,” he said, taking the small laundry crate from her and holding her hands. “It’s okay, Rey, it took me years to stop having nightmares too.” Looking down at her hands in his, she suddenly knew what she needed to do to ensure Ben would never leave her. She knew how seriously he took everything, and how he would do just about anything for those to whom he gave his loyalty. Before she lost her nerve to actually ask the question, without daring to look at him or consider how ridiculous she looked after crying just minutes before, she blurted out, “Willyoumarryme?” and instantly cringed again, shrinking back, and regretting her very existence, knew that she was now blushing in addition to the puffy eyes and tear tracks down her face. “Rey, what did you just say?” he asked, sounding shocked. She shook her head as he brought a hand up to her face, stroking her cheek softly and lifting her head gently up to force her to look at him. “Will you… marry me?” she tried again, slowly and softly, looking down again, knowing that she had ruined their relationship, that her sudden idea to try to convince him to stay with her had been an irrevocable mistake, that it was too sudden and too soon and then she was overwhelmed with a rush of emotion through the Force. She dared to look up at him, and he was smiling, and saying “Of course I will marry you, Rey.” “Is that really what you want?” she found herself asking. In response, he pressed his forehead to hers, and gently pushed on their Force bond, asking her to let him in, to feel what he was feeling. She closed her eyes again, and saw them holding each other, on a warm summer day, with their family surrounding them, and flowers in her hair, and then she started crying again, this time out of sheer and utter relief that she would never be abandoned again. Chapter 16 : Headcanons: happy Rey After meeting Luke Skywalker on Ahch-To, Rey quietly walked down to the beach, cupping the smooth, dark, and cool pebbles in her hands. She sat, looking out at the water, hearing the tides roll in, and felt perfectly at peace for the first time in her life. Whenever she tries to meditate, she tries to recreate that feeling on the beach in her head. She never stops getting excited when she gets to see planets with a lot of greenery. She wasn’t a big fan of Coruscant, but she thought Naboo was paradise, and couldn’t believe Master Luke and General Leia’s mother had come from there. She starts keeping a journal of all of her favorite plants, the things she did on each planet, all the new places she’s been and the new species she’s met. The friends she’s made. No one can really read or understand her writing besides her, so she doesn’t mind telling outrageous stories to her friends over lunch or via comm rather than sharing info on a datapad or piece of flimsi. Everyone on the Resistance base wanted Rey to teach them how to fight with a staff like hers. Finn, of course, was already pretty good at it. Poe was a bit more of a disaster. Jessika said that they both should stick to their X-Wings, and fell over laughing when Poe tried to take a swing at her for saying such and ended up falling flat on his butt. Rey had never known before how wonderful it was to laugh, to be surrounded by people you could trust, who would bring you fruit and water when you were outside training. She and Master Luke went to Tatooine once, and she fit right in. She loved blue milk, and picked up Huttese and the language of the slaves very easily. She felt that everything about her master/friend made so much more sense after she had been to Tatooine. The day General Leia started to tell her Alderaanian folk tales and teach her the language was one of the happiest days of her life. She felt that she had been entrusted with something incredibly special and precious, similar to yet completely different from what Master Luke was teaching her about the Force. Rey knew that it had been many years since Leia had taught anyone Alderaanian, and she had only ever done so with one person. Rey attempted to show the General her gratitude by bringing her flowers and attempting to bake a cake, but she was discovered by base security in the kitchens in the middle of the night with a very flat and slightly crispy cake, flour and spices and diced nuts everywhere. They very sternly told Rey not to sneak into the kitchens in the middle of the night ever again, and then personally escorted her to the General’s office with her not quite right cake. It was said all over the base that the General hadn’t laughed so hard in years. Rey had never felt so at home and so loved before. Chapter 17 : Jynnic, the dress piece Summary: This piece was inspired by a Star Wars + fashion tumblr post with a "cocktail dress for Jyn Erso". The dress photo is provided after the fic! The box arrived at her quarters after the midday meal, bearing no identification of any kind. Jyn felt her stomach sinking, wondering what on earth could possibly be contained in a box delivered to her personally. Had her identity been compromised? Was the box a carefully constructed trap hiding a thermal detonator inside? Her thoughts raced as she carefully examined the package. It was a smooth, cream colored box with a red ribbon around it. It looked perfectly innocent, like a nameday gift or a gift given by a lover. She knew she shouldn’t open the mysterious box, but her curiosity was getting the better of her at the moment. They called you reckless for a reason. She gently slid the red ribbon off, feeling the quality of the box beneath her hands. Whoever had sent it went through a lot of trouble to provide a rare luxury. Pulling off the lid and tossing it to the side, she found a small note sitting on top of cream tissue paper. Wear this tonight. It was written in an impossibly elegant hand, and a sudden shiver went through her as she looked upon his handwriting for the first time, and knowing that he must have spared no expense to send her whatever was lying underneath the tissue. Ripping the tissue paper and pulling out a dress, she allowed herself to smile knowingly. Perhaps she was going to enjoy the evening after all. Chapter 18 : Prompt: Rey helping Kylo to finally meet Leia again after all those years Forgiveness. Can you imagine? The Supreme Leader would never have forgiven Kylo Ren, nor would General Hux. Forgiveness was not a concept that existed in the First Order, only that of discipline, and punishment, and domination. Ben Solo could not forgive his parents for never being there when he needed them, for not protecting him from Snoke, for not telling him about his family’s true heritage. Kylo Ren was beginning the slow, painful process of coming to terms with his own shattered identity, of putting the pieces of himself back together in an attempt to find a more cohesive whole, one that had eluded him his entire life with the Supreme Leader’s seductive whisper at the back of his mind since he was a baby. He could not imagine his mother forgiving him, nor could he possibly forgive himself, but the scavenger was insisting that he try. She was the one that had found him, broken and bloody, collapsed beside the dead body of his former master. His General had abandoned him, his Knights had abandoned him, leaving him among the dead, to be scavenged like another Imperial relic. She too had thought him dead at first, wounded even more badly than he had been when they had fought their duel in the forest. Yet she dragged his body draped across her shoulders to her ship anyway, only to hear him groan in agony when she felt she could go on no longer, Snoke’s palace crumbling around them and the remnants of the First Order escaping and fighting the Resistance fighters. And now she was supporting him in a different way, her arm around his waist, pushing him towards the Resistance base. She could feel the nervousness and the anxiety rolling off of him in waves. It was making her sick to her stomach, and she could only imagine how much worse it was for him. Kylo Ren had not seen his mother in person in ten years. The sun was out and shining early, and it seemed oddly quiet for a military base on a jungle planet, but all he noticed was his mother, standing there quietly, watching Rey help him walk to her. And then he was enveloped in her arms, saying, “Ben, my son,” and he finally knew what home felt like, what he knew he had been missing but never truly realized that he had had all along. Chapter 19 : Headcanons: Leia, regrets and turning points in her life Leia has so many regrets, many of which hinge on turning points in her life, and some of which haunt her as nightmares for the rest of her life ( Alderaan, Bespin, Corellia…) . There are so many things she wishes she could have done differently. Had she the power of foresight, so many things would have changed, and this is one of her biggest regrets. Yet another of her biggest regrets is not tracking down the identity of the woman who gave birth to her sooner. She, of course, knew who Senator Padmé Amidala was; Luke did not, and after he had spent hours pouring over what documents survived the Empire’s purges, he turned to her, his big blue eyes so wide and bright, and said, “This woman was our mother?” And Leia aches that she had never known the brilliant Nubian royal, who was her father’s best friend, had been the woman to give her life. This was also one of the big turning points in her life, as tracking down any scrap of information she could about Padmé Amidala helped her come to terms with being the daughter of Anakin Skywalker. She longed to take Han and Ben and Luke to Naboo someday, to see the capital city of Theed and have dinner with their mother’s family and lay flowers at her grave. Never being able to do so is yet another regret. She couldn’t lay flowers for Bail and Breha… The day she decided to found the Resistance was one of the more recent turning points in her life. Part of her felt as if she were turning her back on what she had worked her entire life to build, the New Republic. But part of her was tired, so tired, of the bureaucracy and the bullshit and the backstabbing, and she wanted to do something, to be in action again. She had no way of knowing that months later, Luke’s Jedi Academy would fall apart, and her beloved son would disappear. Chapter 20 : Wickedly Wonderful Week of Reylo, Day 1: snowshoes It was so bitterly cold on Hoth. When she had first visited Takodana, Rey couldn’t believe how beautiful the greenery was. Now she couldn’t believe how incredibly frigid Hoth was. She groaned and creaked as she got out of bed, getting ready for the long day ahead. Her snowsuit was heavy and frustrating to put on, and she tried to remind herself that without it, she’d most likely be dead of hypothermia within a few hours. The snowsuit was capped off by strapping on her snowshoes, which made her feet look huge and caused her to walk much more heavily than she was used to. Grabbing her trusty staff, and ensuring that her lightsaber was clipped to her belt, she waddled out her door. The Resistance had relocated to the old abandoned Rebel Alliance base on Hoth after the remnants of the First Order had made an incursion into the Anoat sector, looking to make a strike on Bespin and its wealthy Tibanna gas mines. General Organa had been in close contact with her old friend Lando Calrissian, the Baron Administrator of Bespin’s Cloud City. The planet was a member of the New Republic, if not heavily involved in galactic politics, and so the threat of a First Order strike was particularly pressing. The Resistance could not afford to lose more planets to the devastation of the First Order after ongoing conflict of the past few years. The war had been drawn out much longer than anyone had anticipated after Kylo Ren had attacked the Supreme Leader, killing him and defecting back to the side of the light. In the ensuing power vacuum, several leaders in the hierarchy of the First Order had declared themselves various titles, but all knew that power was being slowly consolidated in the hands of the infamous General, now styling himself Emperor, Hux. Rey was thinking of none of this, however, as she trudged through the ice. She was thinking of how she would have given anything on the bitterest days of Jakku’s summer for a bit of snow. Now she felt she had seen enough snow for her lifetime. The sun glinted off the ice covered rocks, nearly blinding in its whiteness but beautiful in a sort of harsh, forbidding way. The snow covered ground seemed as though it was encrusted in diamonds, crunching with each step. Waving to the fighter pilots who were doing test runs and attempting to adapt their ships to the cold, she finally reached her destination, a rocky outcrop several meters past the outlying buildings of the base, far away from the noise and bustle of a military installation. She found Kylo Ren there, sitting in the snow as if it were a green paradise, deeply meditating as if the world were at perfect peace around him and he would not be going into battle in a few days, if not hours, against his former comrades. She stood there, attempting to wait patiently. She had spent her whole life waiting, but now that she had accepted the finality of her family not coming back for her, she found herself impatient, for she wanted desperately to belong in her new Resistance family, to learn and grow in the ways of the Force, to take in every sight and sound and feeling possible. She hated to admit it, but patience seemed to be one thing Kylo Ren had in spades, despite the emotional turmoil that marked his signature in the Force and rolled off of him like the wind swept blizzards on Hoth. It had officially begun to snow again, and the flakes were settling on his shoulders and in the dark waves of his hair, making him look even more forbidding somehow, while it seemed that everyone else in the Resistance only looked ridiculous when they returned to the base covered in snow. She was still unsure of how she felt about General Organa’s renegade son. He had killed his own father, yet he had also killed his order’s Supreme Leader, who had been his master for seven years, and from what Rey had heard, his abuser for many more. Many different stories were told about what he had said in debriefing about what he had suffered at Snoke’s hands, and no matter which version one heard or believed, they were all awful. Whispers followed Kylo Ren wherever he went on the base despite the rumors, however, with many an evil glare following. Rey could understand why he sought the solitude of the ice and the cold. Words were hard to follow out here, swallowed by the voiceless wind, and few beings followed. She had made it her mission, from one Force user to another, despite her misgivings about the man who had interrogated her and her friends and fought them all so fiercely, to attempt to learn from him what she could not or would not from Master Luke. She also knew something about loneliness, and what it felt like to have no friends in the world. Despite her best intentions, she found herself drawn to the Master of the Knights of Ren, and it made her skin prickle worse than the cold did. And so she waited for what felt like an eternity in the snow and the cold for Kylo Ren to open his eyes and ask what she was doing there. “I want to learn,” she said. She paused a moment, trying to find her words before continuing. “Your uncle taught me a lot, but there’s still so much I don’t know. I need to learn more.” “And what do you expect to learn from someone like me?” She answered honestly. “Patience. Strength. Focus.” She shivered, unable to repress it. She had not wanted to show how cold and uncomfortable she was. He eyed her carefully, not saying a word. After a pregnant pause, he simply extended his hand to her as he got up, leading her back to the base. They alternated between sparring and meditating for torturous hours. She had done a lot of these exercises with Master Luke on Ahch-To, but not quite at the level of Kylo Ren’s intensity and not in a wintry icebox. Rey was exhausted, physically and mentally, when it finally came time for dinner. She had to admit, however, that focusing so hard on training both her body and her mind had left her unable to think about the frigid conditions. Kylo Ren had not said a word to her all day. She collapsed into bed that evening, struggling to undo her burdensome apparel. As she fell asleep, her visions were of snowflakes falling into raven-like waves. They continued with their exercises the next day, between Rey’s rotations on patrol and helping the pilots in the hangar. She was acutely aware of the way his hands felt on her back and arms when he adjusted her stance; what little heat seeped through her snowsuit was still a jolt to her system and heightened sensitivity. She felt the ghosts of his touch lingering long after, and it caused her to lose the focus she so desperately sought. I’m just cold and tired , she told herself. Before beginning yesterday’s training, she had been having terrible difficulties sleeping in the cold and with all the noise of a military base under construction. She forced the whispers of doubt out of her mind, trying once more to meditate and listen to the voice of the Force, not of her own conscience. Kylo Ren was still barely speaking to her, only when necessary to indicate her improvements and his critiques of her technique with a lightsaber. On the third day of training, her practice staff snapped in the cold. Kylo Ren barely reacted, handing her a durasteel pole to use instead. On the fourth day of training, he won their spar and she snapped at him, demanding to know why he was barely speaking to her. Looking down at his feet, he said softly, “I don’t know what to say. I’ve never been good at it.” Glancing up at him quizzically, she asked “Good at what?” “Talking to people. I can communicate in several languages, but I spent most of my childhood by myself, with my own thoughts and Snoke in the back of my head for company. My mother was always known for these eloquent speeches in the New Republic Senate, and my father was a man of few words, but he knew how to pack a punch with them. I inherited neither of those skills. And it’s not like anyone here wanted to talk to me after I told them everything I know about the First Order and Hux’s plans.” “I want to talk to you,” she said, the words tumbling out of her mouth before she could even think about them. She did not intend to pity the man who had murdered Han Solo, but in that moment, she could feel nothing but the despair and loneliness that had marked his entire life. At that moment, he looked as stunned as he did in the moment when she had called his grandfather’s lightsaber away from him in the forest of Starkiller Base. The next morning, before she knew he was scheduled for an interview with the Resistance brass, she grabbed two cups of caf from the small base cafeteria, and nervously headed to his quarters. She was bashful to approach him in this manner, but she forced herself to go through with it. He looked exhausted, then startled when he opened the door to his quarters and she thrust the cup of caf at him. He looked down at it, then back to her, as if unsure what to do. “It’s caf,” she said, stating the obvious. “I thought…maybe we could talk?” she trailed off, hesitating and cringing at her own awkwardness. Out of the corner of her eye as she stared down at her feet, willing herself not to blush, she saw his lips quirk into the closest thing to a smile she had ever seen on Kylo Ren’s face. “Come in,” he said, taking the caf from her. They talked, and Rey didn’t feel quite so cold later that night, thinking back on their conversation. She fell asleep with a smile on her face. She awoke to klaxons blaring, and knew that the First Order’s attack had come. Her fingers were numb as she pulled on all her gear and grabbed her lightsaber. She found Kylo Ren in the hallway on her way to the hangar, looking desperately alone amidst the swirl of people headed to their posts. She tiptoed up to him, and gently pressed a kiss to his cheek. “For luck,” she said, blushing once more. This time, he truly smiled, and reached a finger tentatively to her cheek, caressing it gently. “Thank you,” he said, and she felt warm again, knowing that they would have much more to talk about after the battle. Chapter 21 : Wickedly Wonderful Week of Reylo: Day 2, jawbreaker “Happy Halloween!” The choruses of excited children were endless as they left school. Ani was nearly always anxious to leave school behind, and go home to do more interesting things, but today even more so. Ani just could not wait to finally be able to put on her costume, which honored the legendary Queen of Naboo, her great-grandmother, Padme Amidala. Her little brother Han was of course going as their great-grandfather and Ani’s namesake, the great Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker, to complement her. Ani was considerably less enthused about her little brother’s enthusiasm for swinging his plastic lightsaber around than she was to put on her beautiful costume and borrow some of her mother’s makeup. Rey Organa Solo was not usually one to paint a new face on every day, but she did have some powders and lipsticks for when the situation called for it, and Ani was thrilled at the idea of wearing ceremonial face paint like the ancient queens of Naboo. She was also thrilled about trick or treating with her best friend, Shara Dameron, and Shara’s dads, Uncle Finn and Uncle Poe, who always made her giggle with laughter. Shara was dressing up as a fighter pilot, just like her own grandmother and namesake, and her dad Poe. Uncle Poe and Uncle Finn were her mom’s best friends, and her dad had known Uncle Poe since they were Ani’s age and had worked with Uncle Finn before he quit his job to raise Shara and her little sister, Breha. Ani raced inside her house, petting BB-8, before putting her backpack down in the dining room and attempting to run upstairs. She was stopped by her father, who was in the kitchen, mulling apple cider on the stove. “Whoa, whoa, slow down, Ani!” he called, setting down his wooden spoon and kneeling down to his daughter. “You’ll trip and fall, little love. Besides, you must remember, a queen never rushes; she hastens,” he added, winking and nodding at her. “You still have a little while before it’s time to start getting ready. Want to help me make some pumpkin bread?” Ani loved it when her dad made pumpkin bread. It was her grandma Leia’s secret recipe. “Okay daddy,” she said, and Ben lifted her up to sit on the kitchen counter next to him and the Kitchen Aid mixer. Ani laughed when she turned on the mixer at her father’s instruction and flour dust went all over the both of them. “Maybe you won’t need to borrow your mom’s makeup after all,” he said, smudging the white powder on Ani’s face, making her laugh all the harder. “What’s all this?” Ani’s mom asked, coming into the kitchen, holding Han in her arms. “Are you two making a mess of my clean kitchen?” She shifted Han into her left arm and put her right arm on her hip, trying to look sternly at Ben and Ani, who only continued to laugh. Rey gave both of them a kiss despite the flour dust, and began collecting dishes to put in the sink. Not too long thereafter, four beautiful loaves of pumpkin bread were in the oven, Han was splashing in the bathtub, and Ani was wearing her beautiful gown, sitting at her mother’s sink in the bathroom, trying to choose an appropriate shade of lipstick for the Queen of Naboo. “What are you and daddy going as tonight?” she asked, and Rey laughed, saying “I can’t put lipstick on you if you’re talking, little love. It will get all over your face. We can’t have Queen Amidala with smeary lipstick,” as she put the finishing touches on Ani’s lips. “There, take a look,” she said, turning Ani towards the mirror. Ani squealed. “It’s perfect mom, thank you,” she exclaimed, giving her mother a huge hug and jumping off the counter to go get her headdress and put it on. Rey chuckled at her daughter’s enthusiasm, and began putting away her lipsticks and powder, when her husband came up behind her, putting an arm around her waist and leaning down for a kiss. “Looks like Ani is ready to go, my love, and I have Han sitting in his bouncy chair with his favorite book. It’s just us now that need to get ready.” “It won’t take me long,” she said, stepping out of the bathroom and into their bedroom. “I really only need to get changed, I’ll shower later.” She moved to start taking off her shirt, and Ben stepped towards her. “Can I help you with that?” he asked, taking her hands and rubbing them gently. She looked up at him skeptically, as he moved his hands to her bare waist, stroking there and then taking the hem of her shirt and pulling it over her head for her. She continued to look at him with a wry smile on her face as he pulled her in for a deep kiss, holding her in his arms. “I love you,” he said. “I know,” she replied, resting her head on her husband’s shoulder for just a moment. “Come on, we need to get ready before the kids get restless.” An outfit change and about twenty minutes later, Queen Amidala, Anakin Skywalker, and two Corellian smugglers departed the Organa Solo household to walk down the street and meet up with a fighter pilot, a Twi’lek princess, an Imperial stormtrooper, and a Jedi Master. “Hey, good evening, your highness!” the Jedi Master said, bowing to Ani. “Uncle Poe!” she squealed, hugging him and then hugging Uncle Finn, who took off his stormtrooper helmet and knelt down to her, kissing her hand. “At your service, your highness,” he said, winking at her, which made her giggle. She embraced her best friend, who was taking a turn pushing her baby sister’s stroller and looked very fierce in her flightsuit. Breha was contentedly giggling and playing with her lekku hat while being pushed along. After hugs were exchanged by all, the group continued on to trick or treat, including a stop at Grandma Leia’s house for apple bobbing. Along the way, it was decided that Great Uncle Luke had carved the best pumpkins this year, as usual, and that next year, everyone should dress up as characters from their favorite holodrama, Game of Lightsabers . “I want to be Sansa,” said Ani. “Perfect!” proclaimed Shara. “Then I’ll be Arya! Stick ‘em with the pointy end!” “Aren’t they a little young for that show?” asked Finn, and Poe, Ben, and Rey all shrugged, looking sheepish. Eventually, the families made their way back to their homes, with Han and Breha having fallen asleep already and Shara and Ani barely able to carry their overflowing candy sacks, and promises made to go visit a cider mill and pumpkin patch the next weekend, before it started to get really cold. As they arrived home, Rey quietly padded up the stairs with the sleeping Han in her arms, while Ani plopped down on the living room floor, beginning to dump all of her candy out of her sack, which was looked like it was almost as heavy as she was. “What’s this one?” Ani asked, pulling a large ball looking candy out of her pile. “That’s a jawbreaker,” said Ben, gently taking it from his daughter. “You’re a bit too young for one of those yet, it will hurt your teeth. Try this instead,” he said, handing her a chocolate bar with caramel and nuts inside. “Oooh, that’s one of my favorites!” she said eagerly, forgetting about the jawbreaker and tearing into the chocolate bar. Ben smiled softly as Rey came into the room and put her arm around him, thinking it was a very happy Halloween indeed. Chapter 22 : Wickedly Wonderful Week of Reylo, Day 3: unfollowed A treatise on the dark and light sides of the Force, including speculations and legends regarding later Jedi, incomplete fragments on flimsiplast, dated to approximately seventy years after the Battle of Yavin, in accordance with accepted post-Galactic Empire dating . It is recorded in the holocron of the late Jedi Master Luke Skywalker, founder of the New (or Second) Jedi Order (may he rest in commune with the Force), that among his dying words, the great Jedi Master Yoda (may he rest in commune with the Force) said to him, “Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny.” But was the good master Yoda correct in saying so? The Old Jedi Order’s collapse can be attributed to many factors; their masters’ adherence to strict doctrine regarding prohibitions regarding attachment and interpersonal relationships are widely speculated to be among them. The Jedi of old claimed that the former Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker’s (may he rest in commune with the Force) attachment to his mother, and later his secret wife, and his refusal to accept their fates caused his tragic downfall to the Dark Side of the Force and subsequent assumption of the identity of Darth Vader, the right hand of Emperor Palpatine. However, his son, Luke Skywalker, the aforementioned founder of the New Jedi Order, which sought to learn from and build upon the old, insisted that his father had sacrificed himself for love of his son and himself destroyed his master, Emperor Palpatine, in his final moments, renouncing the dark side of the Force and reclaiming his true self, the identity of Anakin Skywalker. As Master Luke Skywalker himself was the only witness to these final moments of the Galactic Empire, his account cannot be corroborated, but must be considered that this account directly contradicts the positions of both wise Master Yoda and the old Jedi Order. Once one follows the dark path, can it then be unfollowed? This treatise seeks to examine that question, looking back on several centuries of Jedi lore that survives during uncertain times in the galaxy. … Year 28 after the Battle of Yavin : The young Jedi apprentice, Ben Organa Solo (may he rest in commune with the Force), disappears amid the destruction of Master Luke Skywalker, his uncle’s, new Jedi temple. Master Skywalker himself then subsequently disappears, presumably in an effort to protect himself from the evil First Order and their Supreme Leader, Snoke. Kylo Ren, Master of the Knights of Ren, an adherent to Snoke’s dark side philosophy and his first apprentice, makes his first appearance in the historical record shortly thereafter. It is speculated that he was involved in the destruction of Master Skywalker’s temple and the scattering across the galaxy of his former apprentices, many of whom were hunted down by either the First Order or the Knights of Ren, but this cannot be confirmed. … Year 35 after the Battle of Yavin : Master Luke Skywalker returns to the galaxy at large, with a new apprentice, known only to galactic history as “Rey”, a human native of the planet Jakku (may she rest in commune with the Force). Some historians claim this Rey to be one and the same as the histories’ later Rey Organa Solo, but this cannot be confirmed. She was noted to have fought with both a heavy staff and a lightsaber of her own construction, bearing a deep blue blade. … Year 38 after the Battle of Yavin : This is the last mention of the mononymed Rey in the galactic histories. She is purported to have rescued the aforementioned Ben Organa Solo from captivity at the hands of the First Order’s Supreme Leader Snoke and General Hux, after Jedi Organa Solo purportedly killed his tormentor himself. Organa Solo appears in several later legends, alongside the aforementioned Rey Organa Solo, supposedly his wife, but none of these local legends can be reliably confirmed. Several of these tales may have their genesis in wish fulfillment, such as a belief in local cultures that Force users are nigh invincible, or that the long lost son of heroes such as Princess and Senator Leia Organa and Rebellion General Han Solo would have experiences similar to those of his parents. It is more highly likely that both the Jedi apprentice Rey and captive Jedi Organa Solo succumbed to their wounds while fighting their way out of the collapse of Supreme Leader Snoke’s fortress while their compatriots in the Resistance battled the remnants of the First Order. What happened to Supreme Leader Snoke’s apprentice, Kylo Ren, a powerful dark side user and Master of the Knights of Ren? Along with his master and the commander of Starkiller Base, General Hux, he was known to be the one main antagonists in the outbreak of galactic war at this time. He too disappears from galactic history after the terminal battle between the Resistance and the First Order. It is assumed that he was alongside his master when he fell, fighting with his comrades in arms, the Knights of Ren, but this cannot be confirmed. Was he also killed by the captive Ben Organa Solo? Was he destroyed by the mysterious Rey? It sadly seems that these questions cannot be reliably answered at this time. The authors of this treatise hope that further research will shed some light on the true identities of the aforementioned participants, who had such a great impact on galactic history, particularly in regards to the New Jedi Order and its refounding by Luke Skywalker after the fall of the First Order. Corellian legend holds that the aforementioned Jedi Ben Organa Solo, the son of native son Han Solo, returned to his father’s home planet with his companion Rey in order to pay his respects to both his father’s memory and birthplace, and established funds to be used to build a home for orphaned children and street waifs, in memory of his father, who had been such himself. Naboo legend holds that Queen and Senator Padmé Amidala’s grandson, the aforementioned Jedi Ben Organa Solo, was baptized in the waters of the Solleu River in the capital city of Theed and confirmed in his grandmother’s faith, that of the ancient Nubian religion and devotion to the Nubian moon goddess, Shiraya, and mother and water goddess, Aigualí. (Editor’s note: a traditional Nubian prayer known to be recited by the legendary Queen and Senator Amidala reads “ Gentil mare, et donem gràcies per les seves regals. Demanem la seva benedicció en aquest dia ”, which in translation reads “Gentle mother, we give you thanks for your gifts. We ask your blessing on this day.”) In this legend he is also accompanied by the aforementioned Rey Organa Solo, and they are married in accordance with ancient Nubian rite by a Nubian holy woman, a cousin of the groom’s through his grandmother’s House, House Naberrie. While we cannot reliably state the fate of these two Jedi, Master Luke Skywalker however does remain a prominent figure in the histories. After the end of the conflict between the New Republic and the First Order, he refounded a Jedi temple and once again began to teach Force sensitive younglings across the galaxy. His teachings do not conform to the stringency of the Jedi of old; to Master Skywalker’s Jedi, love and compassion for each other and their families is encouraged. There are no prohibitions on marriage, and the dark side is seen as an influence that can be overcome, rather than a death sentence. (At this point, the flimsiplasts are damaged beyond repair. –Ed.) Chapter 23 : Wickedly Wonderful Week of Reylo, Day 4: guitar pick The Knights of Ren were the hottest ticket in town. Rey had gotten up hours ahead of time, pacing her studio apartment while devouring a pot of coffee and waiting for the ticket sales to go live on the band’s official website. With their newest album, “You Need a Teacher” hitting number one on both the Billboard and iTunes charts, they were expected to have record breaking ticket sales for their summer tour. Their record label, The First Order, was notorious for not putting a lot of promotion into the band, unlike some of the other bands on the label, like Starkiller. The Knights of Ren were finally getting their due, much to the joy of long time fans like Rey, who would have killed a man to see them in person herself. Unfortunately for her, however, her goal in buying tickets on this dark May morning was for her two best friends and older brothers in spirit, Finn and Poe, as a wedding present. It was five minutes to nine o’clock in the morning, and Rey sat down at her desk to her computer, cracking her knuckles and stretching her back. She attempted to meditate for four minutes until she could refresh the page and dash to put two tickets in her cart and type her credit card number as fast as possible. The next ten minutes went by in an utter blur of panicked clicks, heavy breathing, and zoned out vision. But somehow, Rey had emerged with a printed confirmation page showing she had secured two tickets for Finn and Poe. She was relieved, and utterly exhausted. She collapsed on her floor, promptly falling back asleep, the confirmation page still in her hand. When she woke up, she pulled herself back together, freshened up, and immediately called Finn. She danced around her apartment with the phone pressed to her ear and the Knights of Ren playing in the background while she waited for Finn to pick up. When he finally did, she couldn’t help but start speaking a mile a minute. “Finn, Finn! Guess what! Guess what! I got you and Poe tickets to go see the Knights of Ren as an early wedding present!” she blurted out, all without taking a breath, which she finally did while waiting for her best friend to start freaking out with her. To her great surprise, Finn started laughing. “Oh my gosh, Rey, of course you would. We should have known; that is too sweet of you,” he said. If Rey could have seen him at that moment, she would have seen that he was shaking his head, thinking of how Rey always put others, particularly her best friends, before herself. “Finn, why are you laughing?” she asked. “You didn’t also get tickets for yourselves, did you?” Finn and Poe had told Rey that they were saving every extra penny they had for their wedding and honeymoon. “No, we didn’t get tickets for us, peanut,” he said, still laughing. “We bought you a ticket as an early birthday present.” “What?! You didn’t!” she shrieked, and started laughing too. “I guess we’re all going together then!” “I guess we are,” he said. “I can’t wait to tell Poe, he’s going to lose his mind,” Finn continued. “We’ll make dinner plans as we get closer to the date.” “That sounds perfect, peanut,” said Rey, making sure she added the date of the concert to her calendar. “Love you peanut, have a good day. I’ll text you after I talk to Poe,” Finn said, and Rey could hear the smile in his voice. “Love you too, peanut,” she said, hanging up the phone. She shook her head, giggling to herself. Rey couldn’t believe how lucky she was to have such amazing best friends as Finn and Poe. She also couldn’t believe she was going to see the Knights of Ren too! The night of the concert seemed so far away as she looked over her calendar again, but she knew that it would arrive before she knew it. Turning up her iHome, she collapsed into her bed, clutching her pillow to her chest, and grinned at the ceiling. Just over a month later, the night of the concert had arrived, the days just flying by. “I can’t believe we’re actually here,” said Finn as they entered the concert venue, visibly shaking with excitement. The trio walked around, arm in arm, taking in all of the sights and sounds of people flooding in, all thrilled to be seeing their favorite band live in person. As the concert started, to hard guitar chords reverberating throughout the stage area, Rey felt her heart leap. She wasn’t the type go to shows all the time, nor was she a casual fan of a variety of several different bands. The Knights of Ren had won her heart when she was in college, when they were just starting out and struggling to sell albums and book venues. She had heard of them through a friend of a friend finding them on a blog, and they had been her favorite band ever since. And though Rey would never admit this to either Finn or Poe, she had developed a massive crush on the band’s lead singer and main guitarist, Kylo Ren, ever since. His stage presence was magnetizing and full of charisma, but outside of his music, information on his personal life was scarce. None of the members of the band were the type of celebrity to show up in gossip sheets, nor on red carpets. They all wore mostly nondescript black, with the exception of Phasma, the band’s keyboardist and backup singer, who was known for her recycled and handmade silver jewelry. Turning her attention back to Kylo Ren after she had stared at each and every member of the band in turn, Rey was mesmerized by the way his hands seemed to flow over his guitar. She couldn’t take her eyes off of him. Her heart was beating and she seemed to be breathing in perfect sync with the music, living fully in the moment yet also allowing the music to take her away to a place that only she could reach. She had never felt this way before, and she wanted to savor each and every minute, to imprint it on her memory. She was stunned out of her reverie when the song ended, and Kylo Ren began to thank the crowd for being so “awesome and supportive”. “Before we move on to our last song,” he continued, “We want to give you all some tokens of our appreciation.” Phasma, who was Kylo Ren’s occasional duet partner, grinned and played some anticipatory notes for each band member to step to the front of the stage and take a bow. Hux, the band’s drummer, tossed his drumsticks into the crowd. And then, the unbelievable happened. It was like a slow motion moment straight out of a movie. Rey saw Kylo Ren’s guitar pick coming straight towards her, and she caught it perfectly, cupped in both of her hands. She could tell Finn and Poe were freaking out next to her, but she couldn’t really hear or see anything as the band’s music increased in intensity and volume for their last song and folks around her started to give her high fives and fist bumps for being the one to catch the guitar pick. She had tears in her eyes as the band played their last song and then came out for an encore. After the band had finished playing, she and Finn and Poe had a huge group hug, laughing and shouting to one another about how awesome it all was. “Let’s go try to get autographs at the stage door!” said Poe, and Finn and Rey were apprehensive, but allowed Poe to drag them along anyway, as usual. There was a small, but pleasant crowd clustered around a side door in an alleyway when the trio arrived, and they began to chat with people about their experiences seeing the band play before. One fan had traveled all over the country to see them perform over the years, but had yet to meet them or have a piece of merchandise signed. “I’m keeping my fingers crossed for tonight,” she said, nodding at them fiercely. “I’ve heard they’re really shy but friendly,” she continued, looking at how nervous Rey and Finn were. Poe, with his typical magnanimous charm, was making fast friends with plenty of folks and even exchanged numbers with a few of them, saying they’d all meet up and grab drinks the next time the Knights of Ren were in town, because with their enormous success, they’d have to keep playing on tour. Rey was jittery at the prospect of meeting her secret celebrity crush in person, and was bouncing back and forth from foot to foot, thinking what should I say if they do come out here? I don’t want to say something stupid. She didn’t have long to think about it, however, because the band, now changed into jeans and black t-shirts and scarves, had emerged from backstage, and were greeting and smiling at folks. Rey was blushing as Phasma winked at her while she signed her program, and Hux shook her hand, saying “Thank you so much for coming,” in an adorable Irish accent. When she made it over to Kylo Ren, she discovered the impossible: he was even more attractive in person, and yes, he was very shy. The corners of his mouth quirked up in a pseudo smile when she held out the guitar pick. He said “I’m so glad someone as pretty as you caught it,” and then he was blushing almost as much as she was. Rey just could not believe it. Their eyes met, and she looked up into deep, dark brown eyes as he continued, “I hope you’ll come to more of our shows, Rey,” and gently kissed her hand. With that, the band had met everyone, and with a chorus of thank yous, departed into the starry night. “Oh my God, Rey,” Finn said as they were leaving, as Poe gave her a friendly punch to the arm, saying “Look at you, you cutie charmer, chatting up Kylo Ren like it’s no big deal!” Rey laughed at her friends’ teasing, but clutched her autographed program and guitar pick close to her heart. This would be a night she’d never forget; the perfect end to a perfect evening with the people closest to her heart. Chapter 24 : Reylo, body worship and kissing all over Notes: This chapter is rated M and not safe for work. “You are so, so beautiful,” he murmured, eyes raking over her body, as he slowly pulled her leggings off. “So beautiful.” His hands were tender, as he stroked his way up her legs, caressing every inch of her, encircling her waist and rubbing her stomach with his thumbs. “I can’t decide which part of you I want to kiss first,” he whispered into her ear, nipping at her earlobe. “Since we have all night…” he murmured, trailing off, as he kissed her, deeply and fully, before turning his attentions elsewhere. He took one breast into his mouth, suckling on her nipple and gently licking it, which elicited a moan from her lips despite her best efforts to stay silent. He traced the outlines of her ribs with a soft finger, kissing his way down her stomach. He continued onwards, nuzzling at her hip and delicately stroking the inside of her thighs, before kissing those as well, moving his way down her long legs. Ben’s hands were so much softer than Rey had expected the first time they had made love. She had expected that his hands would be callused, like hers, and rough from hours of training. They were surprisingly smooth, however, and she loved the feel of his hands on her body. He was, altogether, a far more sensuous and generous lover than she had anticipated, especially in comparison to the few experiences she did have with star pilots briefly visiting Jakku. She appreciated that Ben loved to pleasure her in any way he could think of, almost bringing her to climax before entering her. It was beautiful, exquisite torture sometimes, with Rey begging him for what she wanted. Tonight, however, she was enjoying being teased and kissed all over, while he softly pecked her right ankle, then took her foot and brought her toes to his mouth, savoring them before turning to her other leg and repeating the process. She sighed when he then started to kiss his way back up her leg, before beginning to lick her outer lips. She shuddered, and then he worked his way inward, moving her legs over his shoulders. He pressed a kiss to and then began to lave her clit. “Oh, Ben,” she said, taking a deep breath. “That feels amazing.” She grabbed at his hair, pulling him even closer, enjoying every moment before her climax. Chapter 25 : Reylo, anonymous prompt: Rey asks Kylo out Summary: Anonymous Prompt: Rey is confused by her feelings for Kylo and doesn't know how to ask him out. Can be modern AU or in-universe. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) On Jakku, there was no romance or dating. The star pilots who made their way to Niima Outpost were usually pretty blunt when approaching Rey. She never had any hopes that those who approached her would stay for more than a night, whisk her off her feet, and marry her. Even if they had wanted to, she was going to wait for her family to return. That had always been her highest priority, until she met BB-8 and Finn and her life turned upside down. Due to this formative education, she wasn’t sure how to approach the object of her affections in general, let alone when said affectionate object was under house arrest on the Resistance base and avoided like the plague by the general population. She wasn’t even entirely sure how she felt about him or what her feelings meant. She liked spending time with him. She found herself having dreams and visions of an increasingly erotic nature with him in close proximity. They had developed some sort of a connection since their antagonistic encounter on Starkiller Base, and it continued to develop despite their best efforts to avoid one another. It had developed even more strongly since they began living on the same base and could avoid one another no longer. But Rey didn’t want to avoid Kylo Ren any longer. She wanted to get to know him for himself, and not for the image of the monster in the mask that he had created. Part of her wanted to ask Poe for advice. But she still felt horribly shy around him, despite his open and gregarious manner and obvious love for Finn. And she didn’t want anyone to know of her intentions; she wasn’t sure how her friends would react. Rey had taught herself to fly anything utilizing rebuilt sims and old targeting computers from various shipwrecks. She had taught herself to speak Binary and Teedospeak and various other languages through practice and patience. Surely she could learn how to ask someone out. She had seen various holodramas and films, and learned that it was customary for a being who wanted to court to provide their love interest with flowers in many cultures. Rey loved working in the garden she had asked General Organa for permission to create, and made sure she picked a variety of her favorite flowers to deposit in a vase outside Kylo’s door late one night. Unbeknownst to Rey, Kylo had horrible allergies, and the flowers she had picked for him made him do nothing but sneeze. Feeling badly, but undeterred, Rey then decided to have BB-8 deliver a package of food to him after she knew he had spent all day training and meditating. This had moderate success; according to BB, Kylo had enjoyed the meal, but was incredibly confused as to why Poe’s droid was bringing him food and did not connect it with either Rey or Rey wanting to have dinner with Kylo. After several more frustrating weeks of blushing furiously and awkward conversation, Rey finally stomped up to Kylo after her flight training shift was over and he was ending his training session. “Have dinner with me,” she said, without preamble, hoping that her Force signature projected her intent more clearly than she could with word or gesture. For the first time since he had arrived on the base, Kylo Ren smiled. Notes: This piece was originally posted on tumblr here . You can find me there! Comments and constructive feedback always welcome. Many thanks to ReyloTrashCompactor for betaing this piece for me! Chapter 26 : Reylo, "Around midnight, the fever broke." Summary: For onstraysod, for a Gothic meme fill! Around midnight, the fever broke, and Rey woke up in bed, gasping for breath. She had been having the queerest dreams, featuring a shadowed figure stalking the wind-blown moors, searching for her. The dark night whispered in the wind, calling out to her, coaxing her out of her bed and onto the wild heath. The inky black called to her, whispered her name like a caress over her hair into the wind. She stepped out of her doorstep, over the threshold, and out into the night. She was engulfed, overwhelmed by the sensation of sinking down into the ground, the wind wrapping around her, the figure in shadow reaching out to her, calling her name. Rey . But she was not asleep, nor out of doors; she had woken up in bed, drenched in sweat, scarcely able to draw a breath. Whether from the fever or from the dream, she could not say; she knew both had caused her body to be belabored in exertion. She did not remember how many days she had been abed, laid low by the fever; it could have been days or weeks. She closed her eyes once more, to a light but dreamless sleep. The shadowed figure did not come, did not call her name again that night. She almost missed him, the dark figure who had stalked the moors. She had seen this man before, in a daydream. In a nightmare. A part of her should have been afraid, should have been angry to see him again. A part of her wanted nothing more than to sink into his embrace, to give in to the dark and her base desires. Night after night, she visited the land of dreams and walked the moors with her dark lover. Her dreams became more real than life, even after her fever had waned with the moon’s passing. Chapter 27 : Reylo, coming untouched Summary: For a long ago prompt from onstraysod-- "coming untouched". It was cold, and it was dark, and Rey was not looking forward to the prospect of spending an evening alone in the forest. Something about the trees unnerved her; it was as if they were watching her, looking down on her with dark, silently judging eyes. Perhaps that was because the Force moved very strongly through such verdant life, and her senses were heightened to even the smallest movement because she was tracking Kylo Ren through the forest. She began to set up her camp, as quietly as she could. And then she felt it. The hairs on the back of her arms stood up, and her skin turned to goosebumps. He was near, far closer than she had realized. The unmistakable Force signature she knew to be his enveloped her, a heady sensation seemed to infiltrate her every physical sense. As quickly as she could, she tiptoed away from her campsite, climbing up a nearby tree to watch and remain alert. Rey. She shuddered, closing her eyes and blacking out her mind as much as she could, building up imaginary transparisteel walls in her head. Rey, where are you? I just want to talk. I don’t want to hurt you. I know you can hear me. I know you can feel it too. She steadfastly ignored him, and pretended she had no idea to what he was referring, that she felt nothing out of the ordinary when he was around, that she hated the very idea of his existence. It all was a lie. The past few months had been torment for both of them, she well knew. Their physical clashes had been inevitable, but had led to the melding of their minds in ways neither of them could have predicted. His thoughts were her thoughts, and her thoughts became his, and Rey awoke in the middle of the night in a cold sweat, having dreamt dreams that were not her own, re-lived nightmares that were not of her own making. Her cheeks burned to remember some of the things they had dreamed. She suddenly became aware of so many things: the shiver running down her spine, her ragged breathing, how wet and tight she was, and the powerful presence in the Force that surrounded her, enveloped her, and from which she could not hide. She waited in her tree until morning, and silently crept as far away as she could, moving slowly, feeling as though she looked over her shoulder every moment. She could not, would not, face all of those feelings, fears, dreams. She repeated over and over again in her mind what Master Luke had taught her, had told her about the Jedi of old, and how they drew their strength from the Force. She made camp that night, far away on the other side of the forest. She could not feel his presence when she went to bed for the night. She was avoiding him rather than tracking him, but at this point, she could no longer face either herself or him. She fell asleep counting bantha, attempting to meditate and forcing herself not to think of him. Her dreams betrayed her, however. He was in her mind, and it felt like his hands were on her body, and she couldn’t think any longer, could only feel . They kissed, their bodies entwining. Rey was shaking, even though she felt incredibly warm. I love you , he murmured, his lips at her earlobe, sending shivers down her spine as his words vibrated across her. He kissed his way downward to her collarbone, sliding his hands underneath her tunic and stroking her breasts. I know , she murmured back, arching into his touch, pulling off her trousers. He knelt before her, taking her into his mouth, running his tongue over her clit and sliding his fingers deep within her. Rey keened, and grasped at his hair, forcing him more deeply into her. She cried out as she came, wanting so much more. She awoke, sitting bolt upright in bed, her sheets drenched and clenched in her fists. Her heart was pounding and she was alone in her small tent, with neither Kylo Ren nor his Force signature anywhere to be found. Notes: All of these were originally posted at politicalmamaduck.tumblr.com! Comments and constructive feedback always appreciated. If you'd like to send me a request or prompt, please feel free to do so there!