The coolness of the bar enveloped Rey as she entered, the sweat immediately gelling on her back. She sighed in relief, reaching up to wipe her brow as she strode toward the bar. Her boots made a satisfying slap on the scrubbed hardwood floors, scarred from the boots and the fights. She sidled up the bar, took a stool and waved Nancy over. “Hey darlin’. Here to pick up Frank’s usual?” “Yeah and lunch for me. It’s fucking hot out there,” Rey swore. Nancy laughed and slapped a cold beer in front of her. “It’s actually dinner time but it’s not like Frank lets y’all know that. Toby and Billy were in here earlier. Rough time with the calving today huh?” “I hate cows,” Rey muttered before tipping her head and taking a grateful swallow. She slumped in her seat, letting herself unwind, her muscles aching from another long day at the ranch. Frank fed all of the hands but she had to run into town for some items and to pick up his usual keg order from the bar so she was gonna splurge. She dug out her crumpled bills and estimated she had enough for a burger and fries. Nancy was known for large portions and friendly company. Rey took another swallow and checked out the bar. The spring sun was just kissing the mountain tops ringing the Montana town. A lanky man was strumming a guitar in the corner, crooning about losing the love of his life and a few couples swayed on the makeshift dance floor in front of him. Most of the tables were unoccupied, the rowdier crowd from the surrounding ranches coming in later to celebrate a good day or to mourn a poor one. Rey observed the singer curiously. He was tall, his knees folded under him on the small stool, a constellation of moles and freckles dotting his long face, his lips full and nose a tad too big. He had a large snow white hat on his head, doing a poor job obscuring his rather large ears. He wore what she thought of as TV cowboy clothes--finely pressed dark jeans, navy blue shirt with white thread designs along the shoulders and she swore she saw rhinestones. She smiled as he began a cover of “Ring of Fire” and not a bad one either. “Who’s the singer?” she asked Nancy as she slid the large plate of food across the bartop. “Ben Solo.” “Solo?” Rey asked, surprise on every feature. She lifted a brow and the older woman nodded. She was short with wide hips and hair piled high, her eyes welcoming. “Yep, Han’s kid. Tried to make it in Nashville, actually got on an indie label, but left after some issue with management. I’m sure you saw it in the tabloids.” “I don’t read those,” Rey admitted, making a face at the small salad Nancy had placed on her plate. Nancy chuckled. “Eat your greens, Kenobi. You’re small enough as it is and Frank’s gonna work you even harder in the coming weeks.” Rey stuck her fork into the pile of greens and shifted them around. She vowed to eat it after the thick, juicy burger occupying more than a third of the plate. She took a big bite and moaned in appreciation, using her finger to wipe up the juices on her chin. She continued to listen to Ben Solo singing, clapping loudly as he ended his set and hooting with the rest of the crowd. He blushed and waved awkwardly before making a beeline for the empty stool next to Rey. She swallowed quickly and took a sip of her beer. The bar had started to fill when she wasn’t paying attention and now the lone stool was next to her. She directed her eyes on the bar shelves in front of her, tried not to notice when the broad man slid next to her, his hip brushing hers. “Sorry, tight space,” he rumbled in a low voice. Rey gave a short nod. Everyone knew who Ben Solo was. The only son of Han and Leia, the most successful ranchers in the state, owning hundreds of acres at Skywalker ranch. Leia had just returned to the ranch after two successful terms as governor. One of Leia’s policies had been to encourage women in ranching and Rey had been accepted into the program she had promoted a few months ago after finishing high school. She had heard about Ben from the moment she had arrived on the ranch, one of the few women in the ladies cabin. He was temperamental, could calm any horse, and had a knack for finding cattle when they wandered off. He had fled the ranch after a terrible fight with his parents, having set fire to the barn. Or so the rumors said. Rey had worked one on one with Han once, riding the lines to check the fences. He was gruff but kind and had spent quite a bit of time bragging about his talented son in Nashville. Rey had only experienced distance in most of her foster homes but recognized parental love when she heard it. This was not a man whose son had burned down a barn to flee. She would bet he had done something terrible but not necessarily destructive. “It’s ok,” she finally replied. She recognized the smile he gave her as Han’s and felt her heart flutter. She turned her attention back to her plate, spearing the salad greens reluctantly. She eyed Ben playing with a guitar pick, running it over his fingers. “Nancy still pushing vegetables, I see,” Ben observed. Rey nodded curtly. “Yeah, she doesn’t think we get enough at the house.” “Doubtful. You up at Skywalker?” “Uh, yes. How’d you guess?” “Mom’s one of a dozen ranches with her program. Up here, only two. You’d be with her or with Tommy and he doesn’t let his hands off the ranch during calving season,” he shrugged amicably. Nancy hurried over and placed a beer in front of Ben. “On the house, honey. Sorry about the wait. We got hit. Eat that salad, Rey,” she breezed before rushing past. Ben chuckled and leaned back, the leather creaking beneath him. Rey only shook her head. “Are you back to stay?” Rey asked, hoping her voice sounded casual but fearing it came out forced. Ben said nothing, toying with the pick in his hand. “Maybe. I’ll see if I can make it a season.” He sounded almost wistful. Rey gestured toward his hands with her chin: “Probably not. Your hands are too fine.” Ben chuckled. “You’re right,” and he flashed her an easy smile. Rey’s heard fluttered in her chest and she bit back a gasp. She could not, could not , be developing a crush on the boss’s son. Not when she had so much to prove. “Well, we could use the hands,” Rey added. “We lost two of them in the past week. Couldn’t hack it.” “Calving is rough,” he rejoined. “And Frank can be harsh. Rewarding but harsh. Is Maz still running the kitchens?” “Yep.” “Then you’re probably missing a helluva dinner. “ He leaned toward her, dropping his voice. “Does she still do Saturday double chocolate cake?” “Every time,” she whispered conspiratorially back, enjoying the laughter in his eyes. He gave her a boyish grin and her stomach clenched. “Why you here?” “We get the kegs through Nancy. Better deal. I’m here to pick them up,” Rey answered, finally giving into the glares Nancy was shooting her and half heartedly eating the salad. It was pretty good, she admitted, with a tangy dressing. “I’ll follow you back, if that’s ok?” Ben asked. Nancy placed a plate in front of him, the house specialty--prime rib with a thick glob of potatoes and green beans. Rey almost moaned at the rich scent. “Uh, sure.” “Tell me about yourself. How’d you get involved in the program?” Rey recognized his relaxed manner, the way his eye ran over her trim figure. He was interested in her but holding back. She had seen Han take this manner, arms folded across his chest as he took in the measure of man. She began to explain her interest in ranching. She had been adopted by a farming family when she was younger before they lost the farm in a series of bad mistakes. She had been placed back in the system but had longed to return to one. Leia’s program had appealed to her. Women were in ranching but often without mentors. Skywalker offered a safe place and mentoring for the whole process--the actual work on a ranch as well as business management. Rey worked half days for the most part, the others spent on coursework. Leia had made deals with the universities for online classes and Rey often found herself nodding over the thick textbooks, working her way through accounting with exasperated sighs. She was surprised at how easy it was to talk to him, how closely he listened without any condescension or interruption to add his own stories. Ben asked a few clarifying questions as she narrated. When she paused to take a drink, she discovered that she was completely relaxed in his company, enjoying when he graced her with his quick smiles. He seemed subdued somehow and she caught regret in his voice when he talked about Skywalker. She wondered what the real story was. “That story about the woman? The one you sang about? Is that true?” she asked. He quirked a brow at her. “Isn’t all country music about women leaving?” he drawled and she giggled. “Yes but yours was so sad. Your voice wavered while singing.” He sighed and tossed his napkin on the empty plate. Nancy came over to inform Rey that she had the kegs loaded on her truck and took the plates from them, placing another beer in front of Ben. Rey waved off her offer of second. “I went to Nashville with a dream. Dreams end. That’s what it’s about,” he replied finally. “Music is more business and less heart and I’m just not cut out for it. I’d rather just be at the ranch, singing when I can than touring every fair, signing every contract that comes my way, ensuring I have product placement in my videos.” “Most things are a business,” Rey observed quietly. “Even ranching.” Ben gave her a sad smile and handed her his guitar pick. “You’re right. But there is something pure about the sweat, about working with the animals, about fighting the elements every winter.” He nodded to the pick in his hand. “My uncle gave me that when I was younger. Told me to pursue my dreams.” “Why’d you give it to me?” Rey stammered. Ben closed his hands over hers and she swallowed thickly, sure he could see the heat on her face. “Because it sounds like you are doing just that. Never let the practical get in way of living the life you want,” he answered, a faint bitter tang to his words. She nodded and he pulled away, the easy smile pasted on his face again. She was beginning to recognize that was how he hid his pain. “Nancy, I’ll take care of her dinner and mine,” he said, his eyes never leaving Rey’s face. She blushed again. “No, I got it.” “Hush now, child. When a handsome man buys you dinner, save your dollars for something else,” Nancy winked and whisked away Ben’s card. “You gave me some nice company. Usually after a set, it’s drooling fans looking for a scoop or eating alone,” he informed her softly. She understood loneliness and reached out tentatively to thread her fingers through his. She knew she shouldn’t. She knew someone in the small town bar would see and it would get back to Frank or worse, to Leia, and she didn’t need people to think she was getting away by screwing the boss’s son. But she knew Ben was aware of that too and after a moment, he pulled away and rested his hands on the bar top. She waited for him in the parking lot, searching for known stars in the dark sky. She was going to arrive back at Skywalker later than usual and expected a dressing down from Frank for it. She heard Ben before she saw him, the gravel crunching under his boots. She turned to face him and her breathing faltered for just a moment. He had changed out of his Hollywood-lite cowboy regalia into worn jeans and a tee shirt, spread tightly across his broad chest. His shoulders were wider than she had thought, his biceps bulging as he tossed his bag into the back of his new pick up truck, the paint still gleaming. He grinned at her as he shrugged on a light jacket. She hoped she wasn’t drooling. “Beautiful night,” he greeted, coming up to stand next to her and to look at the stars spread above them. “They said we might see some early meteor showers tonight. Although it’s supposed to start tomorrow.” “Too difficult to see on the ranch unless you get away from the main compound,” he said, guessing at what she was implying. “If you want, I can show you a place to see them at.” She fidgeted next to him and he bent his head to look at her. She stilled, her heart racing. Her fingertips tingled as he leaned down and gently placed a kiss on her lips. Without thinking, she winded her arms around his neck, pulling her to him and deepening the kiss. They stayed like that for a moment, wrapped in one another, their lips moving softly over one another. She pulled back first. “I’m sorry,” she whispered. “Don’t be. I’ve wanted to kiss you the moment you started rambling about ranching. You're so passionate, Rey.” “You kiss all the girls at your concerts?" She teased, her face red from his intense gaze and compliments. “Only the pretty ones,” he teased. She blushed and ducked her head. He placed a finger under her chin and tilted her face up to look at him. “Thank you for making me feel like a real person back there, not just scary ole Ben Solo. I know I left this place in bad shape and anyone else would have taken the opportunity to fight me or argue with me.” “This can’t continue at the ranch,” she answered, regret pooling heavily in her belly. She took a reluctant step back and caught sadness flashing across Ben’s features. “Is there…..is there someone else?” “No. It’s just I have to work twice as hard to prove myself.” Ben snorted. “No you don’t. Frank may work you to death but if you’ve been here already a few months and he’s giving you these types of errands to run for him, he trusts you and thinks highly of you. No one will think you are getting ahead by sleeping with me.” Rey inhaled sharply. “Is that what you want?” Ben wrapped his arm around her waist, pulled her to him, resting his chin on the top of her head. Rey let herself lean into him, shivered in the warmth surrounding her. “I want to take you out, show you the stars, dance with you, let you beguile me even more with that pretty little accent you have. Help you with your accounting homework. Ride the lines with you.” “And yeah, if it works out, I would love to wake up next to you, Rey,” he said in a low tone. Rey swallowed the lump in her throat and nodded against his chest. No one had wanted much from a tomboy like Rey. In high school, she had high hopes for her prom. Only to see them dashed by fumbling Alex, his mouth eager, demanding more than she wanted to give. She had fled the ballroom and hiked back to the house, lipstick smeared across her chin. The next morning she had heard him bragging she had given him head in his car before the prom, begging him for it. She had decked him hard and spent the last month of high school in exile, glaring at anyone who had shown gentleness to her. She wasn’t sure what it was about Ben Solo. Maybe it was his gentleness. His deep voice. His quick smile and politeness. He seemed worn, as if he had been through hell and was coming home to find a place to rest. The guitar pick he gave her was nestled into her pocket and she felt it pressing against her thigh. Rey Kenobi was not reckless. She took the safe and sure routes. She felt the fragility in the man before her and considered what dreams meant. She had never thought about attraction. The guitar pick shifted against her leg as she transferred her weight from one foot to another. Love could be a dream. Attraction could be something she could follow. But she knew she would need to be careful with him. As careful as the way he was cradling her to him, his hands light on her hips, heat building up her spine. She vowed never to look him up on Google, to discover what had happened in Nashville. Instead she tightened her arms around him. “I’d like that too” and let her head fall back as he kissed her again and again, softly, tenderly. “I’ll see you at the ranch,” he said huskily, pulling back before sliding into his truck. Rey smoothed her hair down, straightened her shirt and took a moment to collect herself. “See you there, cowboy,” she tossed over her shoulder as she hauled herself up into the large pick up and started down the road to Skywalker.