It wasn’t shaping up to be one of the best days Poe Dameron had ever had. For starters, he’d been captured by the First Order. Again. That by itself was generally enough to knock it out of the top ten. (The one exception there was a single day that held the dubious honor of being the solid best and solid worst at the same time, when the Stormtrooper marching him to his death suddenly took off his helmet and said, “ This is a rescue .”) It was simple bad luck they ran right into a First Order light cruiser smack dab in the middle of nowhere, on their way back from delivering vital supplies to a resistance group on an isolated, Outer Rim mining world. Ever since the destruction of Starkiller Base, the Order had ramped up construction on their navy, putting pressure on planets under their control for more and more natural resources. The pressure lead to unrest, which lead to insurgence. The harder the Order tried to control their supply worlds, the more isolated pockets of rebellion cropped up. The Resistance was only too happy to lend a hand. It was worse luck that the temperamental hyperdrive motivator on their borrowed freighter chose that exact moment to act up. But Poe had been in worse spots before on his own, and this time he had Finn with him. Between the two of them, Poe knew there was no situation they couldn’t get out of. They just had to hold it together and figure out the right moment to escape. Nobody- not Poe, Finn, or the First Order pilots- was expecting the cruiser to suddenly be ambushed by the Guavian Death Gang and boarded. Blaster fire sounded in the corridor outside their cell, mixed with the heavy boom of modified percussive cannons. “This just got interesting,” Poe muttered, one ear pressed to the blast door. Maybe that right moment was going to come sooner than they thought. “Good interesting or bad interesting?” Finn asked. “I think just ‘interesting’ interesting.” Eventually, after the fighting has gone quiet, the door to their cell slides open. A sharp-faced humanoid woman, with white-blonde hair that contrasted sharply against her dark skin, leans in the doorway. Red-armored guards flank her on either side. She snarls, apparently startled to find anyone in the room. “Who the kriff are you two?” she demands, in accented Basic. “I’m Poe Dameron, this is my friend Finn,” he says quickly, bound hands raised in the galactic gesture of ‘please don’t shoot me’. “We’re not with the First Order. We were captured just before you boarded.” “We just want to get out of here. Whatever your issue is with them, we’re more than happy to leave you to it,” Finn adds, raising his hands too when Poe elbows him in the side. The woman leans back on one hip, her plate armor rustling. “Do I look like I was born on a Siobagh root farm to you?” “It’s the truth, see?” Finn says, a little desperately, gesturing with his bound hands. “We’re not First Order. We’re with the Resistance.” Normally, Poe would make more of an effort to cover up their affiliation, particularly around the Death Gangs, who ran a lucrative side-business as bounty-hunters and sellers of information, but since they didn’t seem to be on the best terms with the First Order at the moment. “Our ship broke down on a mission for General Leia Organa. We were ambushed and taken prisoner by the Order,” he says steadily. Even in the lawless Outer Rim, General Organa’s name had a little bit of weight to it. “The Resistance doesn’t have any dispute with you guys. All we want to do is go home. I’m sure we can make it worth your while.” The woman considers, tapping the black metal fingers of a cybernetic hand on the doorframe. “If you’re Resistance boys, where’s your ship?” Poe curses inwardly. “I don’t know. I think the Order might have set it adrift after they grabbed us.” “Convenient.” She smiles. “It’s a good thing for you you’re pretty.” “Thanks.” “Hey,” Finn frowns, offended. “Throw them in with the other one,” the woman orders. To Poe, she says, “We’ll see if General Organa wants to make freeing you worth my while. If not, I’m sure I can find some use for you.” “Well this day just gets better and better,” Finn sighs, as the red-armored guards hustle them out of the cell and down the hall. Poe doesn’t bother to struggle against the bruising grip on his upper arm. So things hadn’t exactly improved, but they definitely hadn’t gotten worse either. At least the Guavian Death Gang was a whole lot less likely to torture them for information about the Resistance. On the other hand, they were more inclined to just shoot escaping prisoners first and ask questions later, so they had better be damn sure of any escape plan before they went for it. What did they have going for them? They had each other. They were both alive and unhurt. That counted for a lot in Poe’s book. They were on a First Order ship, something Finn had said he knew his way around. Compared to a few hours ago, there were a lot fewer Stormtroopers between them and the exit. Plus, that woman seemed to like him. He might be able to work with that. Up against them: no rescue in sight, no plan, and enough cybernetically enhanced guards to, apparently, take out a small First Order cruiser. Whatever the Order did to piss off the Guavians, they hadn’t done it half-way. “Hey,” Finn hisses, under the rasp of the guards’ breathing apparatuses. “Hey, Poe.” “Yeah, buddy?” “You trust me, right?” His eyes are fixed on what looks like an air vent set low to the ground in the hallway ahead of them. “With my life,” Poe answers automatically. Finn smiles at him, that embarrassed little half-smile he does when he can’t quite understand how anyone could want to care about him, would want to treat him like he deserves the entire universe on a plate. “I’ve got a plan. I’ll be back for you.” “I know you will,” Poe says quickly. Confidently. Their hands are still locked together in front of them, both of them being manhandled along at angles to each other, but Finn manages to knock Poe’s left elbow with his right. It’ll have to do. Right before they pass the air vent, Poe stumbles, overbalancing and taking a knee. The not-too-bright guards nearly fall over themselves trying not to trip over him. Finn’s guard is slightly ahead. He turns, swinging his helmeted head around to look at Poe, his grip on Finn’s arm loosening just a little, and that’s all the opening he needs. They had practiced hold-break tactics for occasions like this. Well, maybe not exactly like this. Finn drives his shoulder first into the guard and then jerks away while he- is it a he? It’s hard to tell under all that plating- fumbles with his blaster rifle. The grating on the air vent slides back when Finn hits the panel beside it, and before either guard can react he drops to one knee and rolls. Poe can’t resist letting out an enthusiastic little whoop of joy. The grating slides shut behind Finn with a cheerful little beep. Cursing in some unfamiliar language, one of the guards aims his weapon at the air vent. The other swings the butt of his blaster rifle down at Poe’s face, and that’s the last thing he remembers before everything goes black. He wakes up an indeterminate amount of time later, his head pounding and his mouth tasting like old bile, to a slow drip, drip, drip of water on metal. His neck is stiff. Rolling from where he’s lying on his face onto his back, Poe realizes that his arms are still bound together in front of him. “Oh come on guys, it’s not like I’m going anywhere,” he complains, mostly to himself, trying to roll the knots out of his shoulders. They’ve left him in some kind of utility room with piping lining the walls. Pale blue emergency lighting makes everything look bleak and ominous. Trying to get a bearing on the place, Poe notices that he’s not alone: a pale man in a torn First Order officer’s uniform is slumped against a console, curled over on his side with his eyes closed. Mottled bruising peeks out from under his open collar. “Psst. Hey, red,” Poe says. “Are you awake?” After a long moment, the man answers without opening his eyes, “Unfortunately. You’re alive, then. I was starting to wonder if they had left a corpse in here with me.” Poe opens his mouth to answer. Pauses. Says instead, “Why would anybody do that?” Chapter 2 The officer cracks open an eye to stare at him skeptically, like he’s just asked whether space was cold. “Intimidation.” The obviously is implied. Poe quite probably could have lived the rest of his life without those mental images. “Well, that would certainly intimidate me,” he mutters. With some effort he hauls himself upright, groaning as his neck and back protest the sudden movement. “You’re not one of them,” the officer says, as if realizing it for the first time. “Who-“ His eyes narrow. “Our Resistance prisoner.” “Hate to break it to you, red, but I don’t think you’ve got any prisoners right now.” Unbeknownst to Poe Dameron, General Hux was also having a terrible day. It had started off well, with a very good cup of caf and promptly-delivered intelligence reports stating that the native rebellion he had been sent to crush on one of the First Order’s core mining worlds had suffered heavy casualties in a skirmish the previous day. His entire mission was projected to be over before teatime tomorrow. Before he had even finished his breakfast, however, things took a downturn that not even really quite excellent caf could make palatable. Somehow, a supply ship had gotten through the Order’s blockade, bringing the rebels a new batch of medical supplies and New Republic army-grade ion canons. It had to be the work of the Resistance, as-usual meddling where they didn’t belong. On top of that, Hux discovered quite belatedly that the Junior Commander in charge of the mining world had initially tried to employ the Guavian Death Gang as mercenaries to help control the insurgency. He had panicked when they, predictably, demanded more credits to leave the planet than they had to come there in the first place. He had then tried to make the problem go away before Hux got there by simply executing the key Death Gang leaders sent to negotiate the blackmail. The end result was a half-dozen petty little Outer Rim warlords screaming for revenge, as if they didn’t murder each other all the time just for the fun of it. Another problem for him to clean up. The day had just started to look up, however. He captured a suspicious freighter that claimed to be lost, but who Hux suspected were really the Resistance pilots who had broken the Order’s careful blockade. He had been planning to torture them for information just after tea, as a present to cheer himself up. Naturally, that was when four Guavian Death Gang ships emerged out of hyperspace and General Hux’s day got decidedly worse. Poe Dameron didn’t know any of this, although he probably could have guessed most of it if he felt inclined to try. Maybe not the part about the newest model food synthesizers on the light cruiser making a wonderful cup of caf- really, Hux was going to have to requisition a few of those for the Finalizer. In response to Poe’s quip, the general makes a face like he’s just been force-fed a lemon. “A minor setback,” he says tightly. “You’re still on my ship, and as these petty mercenaries have learned, it isn’t going anywhere without my approval.” “Is that why they used you as a punching bag?” Hux brushes one hand lightly over the ring of bruises creeping up his throat. He smiles faintly. “I don’t think they appreciated the fact that I locked all access to the main systems when they boarded.” “Let me guess- a password, not a retinal scan or a fingerprint.” “Of course.” “So we’re dead in the water right now?” “That’s right.” “And am I right in guessing that there are more First Order ships on their way here?” “As of-“ Hux considers, “Thirty-six minutes from now, when we suddenly fail to make our scheduled check-in, there will be. There’s a star destroyer already in orbit around one of the nearby moons. It can be here in less than an hour. So, you see, I wouldn’t get too comfortable just yet.” Sometimes Poe hates being right all the time. There’s a thin, vicious smile on the officer’s face as he settles back against the console. Probably dreaming of torturing womp rats or making children cry or whatever it was First Order brass did with their spare time. Poe runs a hand through his hair, the movement limited by the binders still on his wrists. This was- okay, so they had a time limit. He could work with this. Finn was out there somewhere. He would bust Poe out of here, and their best bet would still be to get to one of the cruiser’s shuttles. They could be long gone before that star destroyer ever got within range. All he had to do was wait for Finn. He blows out a deep breath. He could do this. Poe shuffles back until he can lean against the wall, to take some of the strain off his aching neck. The officer watches him move, sharp but disinterested, like a lazy felinx that’s still deciding whether or not it’s worth the effort to pounce. In the background, the leaky pipe goes drip, drip, drip. “You look familiar,” Hux says eventually. “Have we captured you before?” “Yeah, actually,” Poe sighs. And that’s not a memory he wants to drag up at this particular moment. “Your buddy Kylo Ren and I have had some great times together.” To Poe’s surprise, the officer makes an disgusted noise in his throat. Rolls his eyes a little. “ That monstrosity.” “You guys too, huh? Guess there had to be one thing we agree on.” “I don’t suppose the Resistance would like to do me a favor and shoot him?” The offer is only half joking. “We’re trying.” “Well, stop missing.” The room lapses into an uncomfortable quiet. Drip, drip, drip. “So… Seen any good holofilms lately?” Poe asks. He can’t help himself. He’s never been good with awkward silences. “No ,” the officer drawls without looking at him. “Read any novels?” “ No.” “Yeah, you’re probably busy. Lot of galaxy out there to oppress. What are you- a captain? Lieutenant colonel?” “General, actually.” “Really? Good for you. Ambitious. You’re what- thirty? Thirty-fi-” Poe says. “Actually I have seen a good holofilm recently,” the general interrupts. “Yeah?” “It’s the one where the Resistance prisoner stops talking. Maybe you know it?” “Can’t say that I do,” Poe fights to keep a smirk off his face, pleased that he’s getting under the general’s skin. “But it sounds like it’s a classic.” “I found it delightful.” “Don’t suppose there was a scene in there where the general took the binders off the Resistance prisoner?” He holds his arms up hopefully. The general appears thoughtful. Finally, he says “I don’t recall one, no.” “Yeah, I thought not.” Poe sighs. “I’ll tell you which holofilm I loved though…” he continues, talking over the general’s frustrated groan. Poe is halfway through explaining the plot to Thief of Bespin while General Hux tries very hard to go deaf by sheer force of will, when the door slides open. A red-masked guard holding a repulsor rifle in both hands shoulders his way in, stopping just inside the door. Poe goes silent. The general’s attention, previously drifting somewhere along the lines of listless malaise, sharpens on the new arrival. The guard takes three heavy steps forward, stopping just in front of the prone form of Poe Dameron. “Poe? I really hope that’s you, “ the guard says, in a familiar voice. “I can’t see anything in this helmet.” “Buddy!” Poe crows, climbing to his feet to clap him on the shoulder as well as his bound hands allowed. He laughs. “You had me starting to worry there!” With a little effort Finn pulls the red plasteen helmet off. “You think I forgot about you?” He grins. “Hey- I never doubted you for a second .” Poe jabs a finger into his red-plated chest for emphasis. “What do you think of this?” Finn brags, holding up his arms, helmet in one hand, so Poe can see the stolen Guavian gang member armor. ”Huh?” “I think red’s a good color on you.” Poe is beaming; he can’t seem to stop. He likes where this is headed. “Are we doing what I think we’re doing?” “Oh, we are so doing what you think-” “The old ‘escorting the prisoner’-“ “Well, look who it is.” The general’s quiet voice cuts through their happy reunion like a vibroknife. Chapter 3 Notes: tfw you write fic to procrastinate writing another fic Poe braces himself for the usual uncreative shouts of “Traitor!” that accompanied Finn running into any of his old First Order buddies. Those are usually followed by Finn, or Poe, or both, taking a shot at whoever was doing the yelling. He isn’t prepared for a quiet, chilly, “Hello, FN-2187.” Or for Finn to flash a wide-eyed look like panic before clearing his throat, suddenly very interested in the floor between them. “General,” he says, stiffly. The officer’s eyebrows quirk up at the title. He almost looks hurt. “And I go by Finn now.” The general nods once, stiffly. His lips are pressed in a thin line. “I see. Anything else I should know that you haven’t seen fit to tell me?” he says tartly, all sharp consonants and round vowels. The words sound dragged out of him, as if against his better judgement. “Nope,” Finn says, eyes firm, popping the final consonant. Poe glances from one of them to the other. “Is there some kind of personal thing between you two?” “No,” Finn says, at the same time that the general says, “ Yes .” They glare at each other before the general corrects himself, “No.” Simultaneously, Finn says, “Well…” “See, there’s definitely something going on here. I can tell. I’m very good at this sort of thing.” “Look, it’s not important right now,” Finn says. The general makes a sharp, bitter hmph . “We have to get out of here fast, there’s a-“ “-a star destroyer on the way, I know.” Finn shakes his head, “More death gang ships, some kind of rival faction they’re worried is coming to steal the bounty. I overheard someone talking about it.” What Poe said seems to catch up to him. “There’s a star destroyer on the way?” “Yeah, in less than an hour, according to this guy,” Poe jerks his head at General Hux, who leans his weight against the broken console, watching them with narrowed eyes. Finn curses. “Then this place is about to become a war zone. We need to be long gone, like yesterday.” “What’s the plan?” “Fake escort, straight to the fighter bay.” Poe can’t help it- he grins. Their first date all over again. “You know I’ve been itching for another chance to fly a TIE.” “Yeah, just try not to crash this one.” Finn says. “Can do, buddy.” “As revolting as this is to witness,” a voice drawls behind them, “You seem to be forgetting something.” Hux taps one pale finger against his temple, his eyes bright with malice. The computers . The lockdown. It’s Poe’s turn to curse. “Can you launch a fighter without the main computers?” he asks Finn, “Our buddy Red here has all nonessential systems on lockdown- it’s why the death gang stuck him in here.” Finn blows air out through his lips. “Maybe? There should be a manual release and the doors are on a closed system, so-“ “No, you can’t,” Hux corrects, nastily. “All fighters now require system authorization from the main bridge to complete the ignition process.” “What? Since when ?” “Since someone stole one .” “Okay, so we need that code-“ Poe’s mind feels like a speeder with the throttle down and the parking brake on- full of energy but going nowhere. “Yes, good luck with that.” Poe has to fight the urge to wipe the smarmy smirk off the officer’s face. Finn runs a hand over his shorn hair. He’s starting to pace “Did you seriously implement a complete policy reform over one lousy TIE? That’s- That’s so- unnecessary ! Are you actually that petty?” “You took advantage of a security flaw, I eliminated it.” “You are such a controlling-“ “At least I’m not a traitor -“ “Okay, what’s the deal with you two?” Poe interrupts. This was getting ridiculous. Finn fidgets. “General Hux is… he’s that guy. The guy I told you about.” It takes Poe a minute to catch on. Which guy- that guy? He stares. “No. Wait, seriously ?” “Yeah…” Finn trails off. “This is ‘that officer guy’ you used to date?” Poe gestures to encapsulate all of the… this ness in the pasty, patrician young First Order officer. “It was just for a couple of months.” “Seven months.” Hux corrects. “You would count,” Finn mutters. “Wait a minute…” Poe mentally backtracks, his mind latched onto something Finn said earlier. “Hux? Starkiller Hux? This is the nutcase who destroyed the Hosnian system?” “Yeah,” Finn sounds miserable. Hux gives Poe a mocking little salute of greeting. “And you two used to date ?” “I see you keep him around for his sharp analytical skills,” Hux says. “ Hey ,” Finn growls. “At least he’s not a psychopath who blows up planets . Seriously- what the hell was that?” “ Guys .” Poe cuts in. He’s getting a headache. “Look, like it or not, for the next ten minutes we all want the same thing, right? So let’s just get to the hangar, get the hell out of here, and then we can go back to hating each other later. Okay?” “Yeah, whatever,” Finn grumbles. “No.” “ What ?” “Whatever made you think I would help you?” Hux sounds genuinely perplexed. “Did you miss the part where we’re about to be in the middle of a war zone between the Order and the Guavian Death Gang? Last time I checked you weren’t suicidal, Hux,” Finn snaps. Hux eases back against the broken console, relaxing. “No amount of death gang castoffs stand a chance against a First Order star destroyer,” he scoffs. “At worst, my rescue is delayed past lunch. As pleasant as this little reunion has been FN-2187, I’m perfectly content where I am.” Poe considers, changing tactics. “And what happens to you when that star destroyer gets deployed?” “What do you mean?” “I mean, the Guavian Death Gangs aren’t exactly known for their treatment of prisoners. They stuck you in here because they want you to unlock the computers. If there’s a First Order fleet bearing down on them, what makes you think they won’t just shoot you and cut their losses?” For a moment Hux looks like he’s considering arguing. Poe can see the play of emotions on his battered face. Then his mouth presses into a sharp line like he’s just been force-fed a lemon. “ Damn ,” Hux says. That was more like it. Sneak across a ship full of Guavian Death Gang soldiers and steal a First Order TIE fighter with a planet-destroying nutjob, who also happened to be his boyfriend’s ex, in tow. And here he’d been worried today was going to be boring. “Hey, don’t worry-“ Poe says, a grin spreading across his face. “We’ve done this before.” “You’ve stolen a TIE fighter before?” Hux follows them to the door. “Yeah, actually. It was our first date.” There is a pause and Hux’s face shifts from benignly unimpressed to outright fury. “ This is the prisoner you ran off with?” Hux snarls at Finn as the door slides shut behind them.