She luxuriated in the feel of the water sluicing over it, the heat caressing her body, the feel of the soap. She hadn’t known what true cleanliness was until she and Luke had arrived at the Resistance base. Even in Ahch-to, there were lakes and the ocean but not this hot water massaging her neck, sharp smelling pine soap, something flowery to lather into her hair. Rey wrapped a towel tightly around herself, relaxing in the steam filled fresher. She briskly rubbed her long tresses and and picked up the robe that Leia had offered her. She smiled faintly at the kindness. Leia was always gentle with Rey, offering her small items, encouraging her to become involved on base as little or as much as she would like, inviting her for tea in the afternoon and chatting about anything with her. Rey suspected it had something to do with the Force bond Rey had with Kylo and knew Luke had informed Leia of it. She wondered if Leia thought she could work with Rey to bring Kylo to the light. The bond was often quiet with occasional flashes of pain or anger coming from him. It was only at night, as Rey drifted to sleep, that she was the most vulnerable to him and he would use it to strike, plying her with images of her by his side, of the power of the dark side, promising her power, safety, wealth. She would be beside him forever, he had murmured, and she brushed him aside. She had spent too much of her life subject to the whims of those around her. She hummed with pleasure as Poe asked her what she thought of something, when Finn made ridiculous jokes, when Jessika invited her to a girls night only on base. Invitations. Welcoming. Kindness. These were unknown in her life and Rey bloomed under them. She had no need of another person ordering her what to do. Even Luke made his teaching more like a request with his gentle manner and teasing twinkle in his eye. She loved Luke with a ferocity that stunned her and he took care of her, avuncular with her in a way that she had dreamt of. Family. A knock on the door interrupted her reverie. Rey had a hair dryer in her hand and padded to the door, her hair still dripping on to her robe. Leia proffered a small smile at Rey’s messiness and entered when Rey gestured widely. “Getting ready for bed?” Leia’s voice cracked as she surveyed the small quarters. “Yep, about to dry my hair.” Leia winced. “Don’t do that. You don’t have the correct product. Your hair could turn brittle.” Rey cocked her head and gave her a quizzical look and Leia sat on the bed, patting the spot next to her. “Your hair is lovely, dear and we just got it back to healthy after all that time on Jakku,” “The doctor said that was mostly malnutrition,” Rey muttered as the bed dipped beneath her weight. Leia gathered the comb and towel in her hands. “Turn so I can work on your hair,” Leia ordered softly. Rey did as told, relaxing as the towel passed over her head, Leia worked her strands between her hands and humming while she did so. “What’s that song from?” Rey asked curiously. Leia paused and Rey felt her mourn for a moment. “It’s an old nursery song from Alderaan,” she at last responded softly. Rey reached behind her and gripped the older woman’s hand. “I’m sorry.” Rey’s eyes glittered with sorrow. She had dimly heard of Alderaan growing up on Jakku, had learned more from Luke when she had once asked why Leia was so bitter against the Empire. Luke had chided her tenderly, had explained there were plenty of reasons to resent the Empire, before launching into the tragic tale. Rey had covered her mouth, tears scouring down her cheeks. Luke had patted her shoulder, told her it was such a surprise to see empathy in someone from such harsh environs, to never let it go. Leia began to run the brush through Rey’s head, continuing to hum the old song. After a few moments, Rey leaned back, let the quiet joy of the woman wash over her. “Ben used to do this for me,” Leia began in a quiet voice. “I have long hair and he would love to brush it in the evening time. Sometimes he would stay up late to make sure I brushed it.” Rey trembled just a bit. She could not imagine softness in the dark knight at all. She heard Leia snort and blushed when she realized Leia picked up on her emotions. “He was quite tender hearted when he was younger. He would cry over the images of the dead Ewoks in history class.” Leia’s voice was husky and Rey opened her eyes to see the general blinking away tears. Hesitantly, Rey pulled the woman into her arms. After a few moments, Leia cleared her throat and began to braid Rey’s hair into one long tail down her back, chatting about mostly useless things, dresses and balls and cute Poe Dameron and his budding relationship with Finn. That night as Rey closed her eyes and drifted to sleep, she found herself standing in front of Kylo Ren, crouched on the edge of his bed, his hair obscuring his face. She reached out and brushed the strands back, tucking them behind an ear. He flinched and she drew back. “Why did you leave?” she asked, her voice barely a whisper. “I was expected to be many things. So I chose the one they all believed I would become.” His words rang hollowly in her ears and she shook her head. He shivered and she took in the new scars on his arms and back, his chest bared before her, lines criss-crossing his broad body. She sucked her air through her teeth. “Let me comfort you,” she said and without knowing why, headed into his ‘fresher. She picked up a brush and hair bands, the scent of his Force trail lingering on the items, letting her know which to grab. She sat beside him and slowly, gently, began to tease out the tangles in his thick hair. It smelled like cedar and juniper and leather. She leaned into it and inhaled deeply. “I’m supposed to be tempting you, not letting you groom me,” Kylo spat out gruffly. “I’ll stay for grooming, not for propaganda,” Rey retorted running the comb down his part and gently separating his hair. Kylo said nothing, sighing irritably and relaxing almost imperceptibly into her hands. Just brushed his fingers over the back of her hand, a thank you, the lines on his face relaxing. And that’s how it began. After a particularly stressful day--for either him or her--they would be pulled to one another, to a vague place they had constructed in their minds. A simple place, open on all sides, to a pleasantly green world, diaphanous curtains wafting in a gentle breeze. A canopied bed, a small table laden with food and drink. They never arrived as they were dressed. Kylo would saunter in wearing loose beige pants and a white high necked shirt. She would be in a sleeveless dress, thin golden ribbons wound around her waist, her hips, dipping under her breasts, every time, even if she had fallen asleep in her flight suit. But these trappings felt right in this space. It is here where she learned to think of Kylo less as her enemy and more as a friend. It is here that she let his nails scrape through her scalp, gathering her hair into intricate braids or twists. She did the same to him, giggling as she added flowers or other adornments into his black locks. His scowls are for show now. She can feel the conflict in him. He told ridiculously dirty jokes. He would offer more information to flesh out what Luke would tell her. She would massage his shoulders, tend to his aches that he tried to brush aside. At times, he seemed to melt beneath her fingers, peace passing briefly over his features. She sat, her chin in hand, one leg tucked beneath her as he explained what it meant to be Princess Leia and Han Solo’s son. How his friends never cared until puberty hit and they were all jockeying for favor, now thinking about their future and what a friend with the last name Solo could confer. He would wake in cold sweat, a slimy voice cooing in his ear. The voice pounced the day it was revealed Leia was Vader’s son. Rey had never heard of Supreme Leader Snoke until Kylo told her and felt the hatred in her heart bloom. Pity grew for the confused wild eyed Ben. She had seen pictures of him as a child in Leia’s office. His cheeks flushed, his arms locked around a group of boys. His awkward phase, his ears as large as radar dishes, acne smattering his chin, his smile hesitant. His gangly phase, towering over his father and uncle, the Millennium Falcon in the background, Jedi robes hanging oddly off his frame. She was sitting on the bed, Kylo on the ground in front of her, weaving his strands into little braids at the top of his head. “Stop moving,” she ordered, smacking him lightly with the comb. He growled faintly at that, catching her wrist. She was only aware of her heartbeat as he raised her wrist to his mouth and placed a kiss on the pulse point. She inhaled shudderingly and quickly pulled away. “I want to come home, Rey,” he gritted his teeth as he spoke. “But only when I’m here with you. When I’m myself, back at the First Order--” “You convince yourself that this was all dream, that it means nothing, that Snoke is right.” Kylo stood up, pacing in front of her. She laid the comb and pins on the bed beside her, sympathy on every line. “I don’t know what I want,” he admitted, his bottom lip quivering. “I know what I do.” Her voice is tender. “Your family?” She said nothing, her gaze even on him. He inhaled sharply and closed the space between them with a few quick steps. He kneeled before her. “I want you, Ben.” “Kylo.” “Whatever you want to be called. I want you.” The tears glimmer in her eyes, threatening to spill out. She looked away, sniffing and hurriedly wiping at her face. He grabbed her arms, held her still as he drank in her fragile beauty. “I want you, Rey. I wish we could live in this space the Force created for us.” She offered a wavering smile and he reached up, kissing the corner of her mouth. She turned her face to him, meeting his lips. As his mouth roved over hers, he stood, pushing her flat onto the bed. They lay together for a while, fingers skimming over each other’s flesh, lips taking in the taste of one another, limbs entwined together. She had expected him to be forceful, to lay his body on top of her and to grind his hips into her. A part of her ached for it. Another relished this moment they were creating for one another, sweet and loving. The caring selves they had shown to one another. “Am I your first kiss?” he murmured against her jaw. “No. Am I yours?” “No,” he answered, his voice thick with memory. She nibbled his bottom lip, slid her tongue inside to banish the memories. “Will I be your first lover?” “Yes,” she breathed into him. “Find me. Come to me.” “Yes,” he answered raggedly. “I will come to you.”