“(Name), Your cousin Erica is here.” A stormtrooper informed you. You took a deep breath. “Thank you.” You mother sent your cousin Erica to visit you for 3 days. She wanted you to announce your engagement with Kylo during that time. She was the only person in your family who doesn’t know about it. You thought it was a horrible idea because Erica hated you. Ever since you were little, Erica was the biggest bully. When you were toddlers, She would kick your sandcastles, rip your dolls apart, and call you names. All you did was cry in response. As you got older, you ignored Erica at family parties. Whenever she walked by, you gave her an evil glare. From all the trouble she gave you when you were younger, you ignore Erica after graduating school. Tonight was the night you were going to see her for the first time in 6 years. You thought she got more mature for her age, maybe a little more respect and kindness. Kylo comm you and said he was going to be late for the dinner, which made you worried because you were going to spend time with her alone for the first few minutes of the dinner. “Send her to the assigned dining room. Make sure you take her things to her room.” You ordered. The stormtrooper walked down the hallway. You did a final check with you hair and outfit. You walk out of you and Kylo’s quarters to the dining room. Even though it was a little weird, you sniff yourself to make sure you did stink like fumes You stood in front of the metal door. You took another deep breath and press the button to open it. The door slid open and walked in. You saw Erica sitting at one of the seats at the table. Her hair was a golden shade of blonde. Her eyes, framed by long lashes, were a bright green. Thin nose and red lips. She was grew beautiful. You hope she grew nice too. “Hey cousin!” she waved. “Damn! It’s been over 5 years since we last saw each other! How are you?” She got up and ran to hug you. This isn’t so bad. She must be nice now! We both sat down at the table with her being across from me. I was happy and nervous at the same time. “When is your boss Kyle coming?” Her eyes gazed to the empty seat next to you. You told her that your ‘boss’ wanted to meet her. “Uh, It’s Kylo. He’s arriving a little late.” “Oh, okay. So tell me cousin, What do you do for a living?” Erica asked in a snotty way. “I fix the ships and controls.” You said. She snorted. “That’s why you do for a living?” Under her breath you could hear her say lame. You fake a laugh to shake it off, but deep inside your heart sank. You really did love your job. You wish you told her that you go on missions with Kylo and how you visit all these amazing planets. But you just kept quiet like always. “So who is this Kyle Rob?” She leaned back in her chair. She gave you stared at you for an answer. “It’s Kylo Ren. He’s my-” You were cut off by a sliding door. You turn around and saw that Kylo walked in. He was in his usual black robes but no mask. “Sorry I’m late. I had to talk to General Hux,” He sat down next to you. “You must be Erica?” You turn to Erica, who was surprise. “Yeah and You must be Kyle.” She laughed. “Erica…” You glared at her. “Take a joke (Name). I was just kidding.” She rolled her eyes. You never told Kylo how mean Erica was to you. He had no idea. After dinner, you were waiting for dessert. The room was filled with awkward silence. You thought it was the best time to announce your engagement. “Erica, uh, the reason why you’re here is because…” She cut you off. “To get away from work?” “Maybe. Uh, Kylo is more than my boss. Kylo is my fiancé. We’re getting married pretty soon.” Her facial expression made you sick to your stomach. “Soon, she’ll be Lady Ren.” Kylo kissed your cheek. Blushing, you gave him a smile. “I didn’t expect you to get married.” You look at her. “Excuse me?” “I mean, I thought it would never happen. I can’t you’re getting married,” She said, rudely. She continued on. “I thought I would get married before you. I mean I am more prettier.” Tears were forming in your eyes. You knew she never changed. She was still this mean to you. Kylo was about to speak but Erica cut him off. “I mean, How the hell are you marrying him? How did you meet? He has a higher rank than you! You just fix ships for a living. What happen to becoming a doctor? Oh wait, you're not smart enough!” She blurted out laughing. You knew Kylo wanted to force choke her, but he knows you’ll get an angry message from your mother if he did that. “I mean...how come he fell for you?” She said. You felt the tears running down your cheeks. “Excuse me,” You got up from your seat. “Kylo can have my dessert.” As you left the room, you burst into tears. All those horrible memories with Erica came back to you. Kylo could feel you crying so he excused himself from the table, leaving Erica all alone. You were walking down an empty hallway with your head down and hugging yourself. You felt someone grab your arm. You turn you head and saw that it was Kylo. “What happen over there?” You broke into more tears. “She just reminds h-how I’m a loser. No matter what I do or who I’m with, I’m just a loser to her.” He pulls you in for a hug. “Don’t worry. I’m ordering her off this ship.” You look at him in the eyes. “Really? My mother-” “I’ll tell your mother everything. (Name), you are not a loser. You’re a wonderful, amazing, and confident woman. That’s what I love about you.” You laughed. “Thank you. I really needed that.” You pull him in for a kiss. Kylo pulled away. “I ordered our desserts to be delivered to our quarters. They must be there by now. We should hurry before some stormtrooper steals them.” “I agree. What about Erica?” “She’ll get the idea that we’re not coming back.” All you can do was smile. Notes: Thank you for reading!