The Demon Agent O! Wanderers in the shadowed land Despair not! For though dark they stand, All woods there be must end at last, And see the open sun go past: The setting sun, the rising sun, The day's end, or the day begun. For east or west all woods must fail. --JRR Tolkein The Agent touched his ear as he ducked out another room, “ETA Royce?” “Give me another minute” A woman's voice spoke with clarity, “The encryption on this damn thing is taking longer than I thought.” “Understood.” The man adjusted his black leather jacket, checking his phaser's ammo. “Monk?” “Our forces are keeping them busy in the air, however there's a ground unit coming our way.” The dark skinned man ran into another room, easily killing the four occupants. Taking a cursory glance, he noted there was nothing of worth and moved out into the darkened hallway. The red emergency lights lit the way, throwing everything in an eery glow. “You know what to do Snipe.” “Aye.” “Got it!” Crowed Royce, “Just sent a signal to our air support, they know what to do from here.” A chorus of praise echoed the comms but Agent found himself unable to feel the same enthusiasm. The sense of wrongness always weighed heavily with him, but he refused to show it to anyone. Any form of weakness was not welcomed in the First Order, not even to special ops soldiers such as he. “Meet me at the main hallway” He began to head back with his guns raised. Though he was confident in his getting rid of any problematic personnel, he still played it safe. “Be there in five Agent.” Agent was there in three minutes. He could hear the shouts of agony from the doorway a hundred yards to his left. Snipe was doing his job perched atop a tree with his trusty phaser rifle picking off anyone the Monk hadn't already disposed of. They were a great unit. The best in the First Order, hand picked by Supreme Leader Snoke and saved from horrible situations created by the Resistance. They were all grateful to him. It was because of his foresight that they were able to infiltrate and destroy key strongholds within the Resistance. Finally, after a year on the brink of loosing, they were gaining the upper hand. Between Hux's troopers, Kylo's jedi training and Supreme Leader Snoke's cleverness, they were on the upswing with momentum that left the Resistance slime reeling. Once again, Agent should be elated. The Resistance was loosing and within months they will be nothing but a smudge in the history books. If he were honest; all he felt was numbness so bone-deep it makes him question his humanity on a daily basis. He didn't care about who he killed, he didn't lament his mother's death like he feels most would. Her death was the reason for him joining the First Order but that felt like a hollow, distant memory. Hell, he couldn't remember her face. Perhaps, after this was all over, he'll be able to feel again. He doubted it. Noting the subtle shift, Agent glanced back at his returned comrade. Her pixie hair cut was dyed a deep magenta and brought out her bright green eyes. She was a spit fire who hated the Resistance more than anyone in his squad, though she never elaborated why. None of them did, their stories far too tragic to bear retelling. Especially to people you've only worked with for a few months. They worked well together, but it didn't make them friends, at least in Agent's eyes it didn't. Friends were nothing more than a liability. Throwing a phaser at her approaching figure, Agent began walking towards the exit. “How's our return looking?” “All clear” Came the Monk's calm voice. “They're all dead, but there's another squad coming in from the east, best not tarry.” “Snipe, you're now grounded with me. Monk, take Royce to the ship. Her information is priority one.” “Roger” The group simultaneously replied. Agent watched as Monk and Royce disappeared into the overgrowth before turning his back. Adjusting his red demon mask, he made for cover. They had some more time but he didn't bother talking to Snipe. The man knew what to do just as well as Agent did. Maybe today is the day he'll die? Firing off a shot to the first person who emerged from the shrubbery he mused as he watched their body crumple; perhaps he will come out of this just fine. Poe hated giving up, but he wasn't proud enough to not throw his gun down when he knew they were beat. Glancing over to Jessika, Rey and Joosten he winced as they followed his lead. He hoped to whatever gods there were that this would work. “What the hell?” Rey's serene face contorted to one of shock as a red-demon masked man came out from hiding. He was covered in black leathers with the First Order emblem on the upper left chest of his jacket. Shortly after, the other culprit came down from a nearby tree. He wore black leather but instead of a mask, an over-sized hood hid his face. Another emblem was emblazoned dead center of both their chests and Poe felt his breath catch. This was the new group the First Order just unleashed into the galaxy. The half-faced skull of a humanoid was disquieting, the hollow eyes left goosebumps on his skin. They were the Harbingers and they left a pile of cold corpses in their wake. Still, Poe couldn't understand her outburst. They were prepared for the possibility of coming across the First Order's new mercenary group headed by the red-masked man known by no other name than Agent. In fact, they wanted to encounter them. “What the hell did they do to you?!” Rey completely broke script. They were supposed to capture Agent and his accomplices, not attack them! She had her lightsaber on as she charged the demon-masked man. “Rey!” Poe and Jessika simultaneously yelled. His breath was caught in his throat as he watched the man shift his weight and turn on electro-magnetic blockers that covered him from wrist to elbow. Their enemy was poised like a scorpion, his red mask glinting in the afternoon sun as he fluidly ducked and side-stepped away from Rey's attacks. He used his blockers to catch the next lightsaber attack and push her back. The demon-masked Agent retained his alert posture but made no move to go on the offensive. Whoever this guy was, he was good and that unsettled Poe. “Tch, women” Joosten spat a globule of tobacco on the ground before he kicked up the nearest phaser and had it pointed at the hooded man. His grey hair was pulled back in a short pony tail, showing off a nasty scar that wrapped from his right ear, across his chin and down the left side of his neck. The man was scary on the field, and was one of Han's best friends back in his youth. The only reason he joined was because he owed Han a big debt and figured five years serving under a woman was the right kind of torture Han Solo would accept as payment. “Move and I'll blow your damn balls off” Jessika grabbed her own gun and had it pointed at the same person Joosten was, which left Poe to gawk at Rey who backed off her attack after hearing Joosten's threat. “Take off that mask” Rey spoke in a harsh whisper. The demon Agent cocked his head to his side as though he were considering her demand before he rapidly unholstered and shot his phaser at Joosten before grabbing Rey and head locking her in front of him, using her as a shield to ward off any possible offensive attacks by the others. Joosten cursed as he fell to the ground, his arm was barely hanging on by a few tendons. Poe and Jessika immediately took cover and began firing at the hooded man instead, keeping their eyes on the fight between their Jedi and the Demon between shots. Rey immediately slipped the Agent's hold and force pushed him into the side of the compound, but not hard enough to leave the Agent winded. Calmly, the demon-masked man found his footing. His arm guards buzzing and turning a dull red as he squared off with Rey. The Sniper backed off his attack and re-joined Agent as a piercing wail made everyone flinch and look up. TIE fighters were coming in from multiple directions. Their guns all pointed at the compound and suddenly everyone's spines straightened with dread. Poe's eyes widened as he and Jessika traded knowing looks, “Get the hell out! They're going to bomb the base!” Poe stood, pulling Joosten up and began running, knowing Jessika and Rey weren't far behind. “Why are they not following?!” Jessika glanced over her shoulder as a barrage of missiles began decimating the compound. The earth shook enough to make it difficult when retreating but they cleared the area fast enough that they only felt the blistering heat of the explosions. “Because they didn't need to” Joosten spat, “Didn't you see the speeder in the bushes? They got away jus' fine.” His voice was condescending as he further spoke: “An' whatever happened to the plan, Jedi? Ya know the whole capture them by luring them inta false sense of security and all that shit?” Annoying as that man was, he did have a good point. Poe looked over to Rey and waited for her to elaborate. Meeting his eyes, Rey's face morphed into one of broken, utter regret. “Poe...” She whispered as she wrapped her arms around herself, “I sensed Finn back there...” Like a punch to his gut, Rey delievered the news: “He's their Agent.” Chapter 2 : I Am More Than This Summary: It's difficult forging your own path. That's why it's easier to do what you're told without questioning the why's behind the commands. Keep your head down, say yes sir, complete your task and move on. Should be simple, right? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) We will meet again my friend, A hundred years from today Far away from where we lived And where we used to play. We will know each others' eyes And wonder where we met Your laugh will sound familiar Your heart, I won't forget. We will meet, I'm sure of this, But let's not wait till then . . . Let's take a walk beneath the stars And share this world again. --Anonymus Agent never felt so hollow as he did facing off those four people. Especially the fiery eyed brunette who attacked him. It was as though he had an out of body experience as he swiftly dodged most of her emotionally-fueled attacks. Her yelling at him like they met before didn't unsettle him in the slightest. He had come across a few people who spat the word traitor or asked why on their dying breath and after the first time, he lost any compunction to dwell on them. What did unsettle him was the man with a messy mop of hair and expressive eyes. He felt his heart rate speed up as they locked eyes briefly and his stomach felt odd, as though he had a million butterflies taking off. That was very unusual for him, usually emotions and any attachments of that sort where squashed but these odd feelings regarding that man couldn't be doused by any method of repression he knew and it bothered him to the core. What was so special about this man? Agent would remember if they'd ever interacted, right? Shaking his head, he looked up to take stock of his team. Crammed as they were into this small transport vessel, everyone remained straight backed and quiet, not even touching one another. It was always like this, all four of them being deeply contemplative after a mission gone well. At first their pilot would attempt some conversation, but after a few missions he had learned it was best not to disturb anyone from their thoughts; his broken arm still in it's cast was a great reminder of that one simple rule. They were still a day and a half away from their safe house where they'll await orders on what to do next. Normally, Snoke would talk to each of them himself, but he was a busy man who was fully committed to training Kylo Ren. Apparently that brunette woman he faced off with was stronger than Kylo was. Agent didn't see it, after all; were Jedi's not supposed to have emotions? That female certainty had it in spades. “Janice” Snipe murmured, his eyes slowly opening. Agent made eye contact with Snipe who blinked a few more times. Snipe has been saying that name for a while now like a mantra but even he carried a confused look every time he caught himself saying that name. “What was that sir?” The storm trooper glanced away from his controls to look over his shoulder. What he saw made him quickly apologize and turn his head back to were it ought to be. Snipe had quite the glare on him that would make anyone quake in their boots. If he were a different person, Agent could see himself befriending the Khommite. As it was, they were merely a unit of four individuals brought together by their mutual hatred of the Resistance. “Have you ever thought,” Snipe softly spoke, “That we are more than what we are?” Agent was confused at this question. He never thought he could be more, nor did he believe in a future where more was heavier than a whimsical thought. More implied hope to a person such a him, a weapon; a tool meant only to spill blood until too dull to be effective. More, what a crazy, romantically tragic thought. A sharp, stabbing pain to his temple caused him to hold his forehead and bite his tongue to hold in the painful gasp. He was more! A voice shouted, he is more! The voice grew louder and louder with other voices joining in before he was enveloped in a searing light that pierced straight through his tightly shut eyes and overwhelmed him with the ferocious intensity of pain he had never experienced in his life. I AM....were the last shouted words over a cacophony of voices before all went silent and dark. I can't do this! Poe clenched his jaw as he stood next to Rey who told the room full of commanding officers what she discovered. It wasn't any of their business and with half of them wearing smug looks and murmuring that they always knew Finn was a good-for-nothing traitor; it made Poe want to throw a chair at the wall. His anger was more tightly coiled, like a viper twitching to strike and Poe found himself at odds. Sure, in his teenage youth he was a hormonal boy who had everything to prove to a world he believed was against him, but Poe thought he outgrew this roiling anger. Seems like Finn was always the exception to the rule, plus, Poe absolutely despised half of the bastards wearing the command garb on principle, but listening to their snide remarks further cemented his hatred of them. “Storm Trooper scum.” “He deserves to rot in hell, dunno why we didn't outright kill the maggot, had my gun trained on him and everything-” They know nothing! He silently fumed. Finn was not a traitor, they did something to him, Rey even said so a moment ago you ignorant bastards! He kept clenching and unclenching his fists behind his back hoping to relieve some tension, but no no avail. “As Rey stated” The General cut through the growing murmurs and half-whispers, “Finn's mentality is compromised-” “How do we know she isn't just saying that to protect her friend?” The same commander Poe punched a few months ago spoke up. “This Finn character played everyone from the beginning-” “To what end Commander?” General Leia glared at the man, “Finn was not privy to any vital information and he gave us a lot in return.” “He knew where Echo Bravo Kappa base was located” The commander fired back with all the airs of a rich upbringing lacing his snobbish tone, “And they just destroyed our main communications base that held all of our trade routes and those whom we hold contracts with! Both places were ones the storm trooper has been to multiple times.” Storm trooper was said with such derisive disdain that it felt like it was meant to be a slur on Finn. “The dark side has multiple ways of getting information out of anyone” Poe spoke up, “I fought tooth an nail against Kylo's dirty mind tricks but in the end he was able to know my deepest secrets.” He hated reliving that horrible event, much less doing it in front of bigoted bastards who were too far into the political game that they couldn't see the war clearly. “Be that as it may Mister-” “Commander Poe Dameron” Correcting him, Poe met the man with a formidable glare, “Do not forget we are equals here Commander Cusic, further more, if you have nothing to contribute to this meeting other than your misguided hatred and unwanted opinions, I kindly ask that you remove yourself so that we may work towards solving an issue.” “Well, Commander Dameron” He sneered back, “The issue is already solved: kill the traitor and be done with it.” “How can you so easily throw someones life away?” Rey's voice was oddly calm and caused the two men to pause in their argument. Her gaze was on the floor as she spoke further, “To dismiss someone who may need help shows how little you care.” “It's a war” Cusic caustically responded. His patronizing gaze swept around the room, causing a few to chuckle at her expense, “Life will be lost, but I ask you this Princess” His gaze went back to General Leia, “How much resources will you use up for just one person? Further more, how many of us are you willing to let go if we do not see eye-to-eye?” The entire room waited on baited breath as the line was so clearly drawn for their leader. Cusic was foremost a politician, second most an excellent strategist. The rest fell into place with the powerful people he surrounded himself with. Leia knew how much of an utter bastard he was and wasn't one to play along with his games nor cater to those who threw his name around like it was gold. That being said, Poe knew the verdict when she met his eyes. Finn awoke with a suddenness. His eyes snapped open with his senses on high alert until he realized where he was. Stark walls, metal ceiling, one lonely, open window and a very uncomfortable cot. The safe house. His mind supplied as he sat up. His chest was bare and he fought the urge to wince. One of his team members undressed him; more importantly, he had fainted on them. Such weakness was unbecoming of a leader he thought. Pushing aside the blanket, he stood from his small cot and went about his morning routine. Emerging from his room thirty minutes later, he noted that the only one awake was Snipe. The male was always an early riser, but what Agent appreciated most was his silence. The Khommite never initiated conversation and rarely spoke when addressed. “What did you mean on the ship?” “Our names mostly, “ his gravely voice didn't carry far so Agent drew nearer until he sat opposite of Snipe at their tiny dining table. “I do not believe our names are as they are.” Agent silently agreed, but he was torn between further delving into the more complicated implication or dismissing it and moving onto a safer topic.The reaction towards the man and woman a few days ago...that instinct to protect more than destroy. Hell, he felt! For the first time in however long back his memories allowed; he had feelings! Gut reactions that he didn't believe in until that very moment when he made eye contact with that man. He had a reaction to the situation and that cold numbness abated. Transiently, he wasn't a killing machine; he was human. For a long moment, Agent watched his companion; realizing that he'll take Agent's lead if he chose to speak no further, but he had a burning curiosity suddenly sparked by Snipe's words and he could not put it out should he try anyways. “I feel that as well.” Admitting that left him feeling raw. He wasn't supposed to admit weakness as the leader of this rag-tag group of misfits. However; it was said and what is said can never be unspoken. “I can't kill children.” The Khommite looked away as though he were baring his soul, and to an extent, Agent could empathize with it. He was going through a similar crisis currently after all. Even so, there was something to be said about someone admitting their failings for another to hear; stupid came first, perhaps brave as an afterthought. Either way, the male before him never was this forthright, it only made sense that Agent returned it in kind. “I believe I am more than just this name” He whispered in solidarity. Letting it hang between them like a noose. “The bigger question here is this: do we go with our gut?” Agent looked up to watch the Khommite and saw understanding flicker across his face. If they do decide to go on this dangerous path in the middle of the war, what will become of them when the path ends? Is it even worth exploring knowing naught what they're seeking? They may not even like what they find... “That Jedi seemed to know you.” That was all the confirmation Agent needed before he nodded his head. “Can we trust the other two?” “What do your instincts say?” Instincts? His instincts were at war with each other, one side screaming to stay away from this path while the other begged him to pursue it agenda free from the almighty flex of the First Order. This uncertainty left him breathless, the last time he felt this was when...was when he was younger perhaps, when his mother died? No, his brain murmured through the fog, it was a recent event that forged the way of unbreakable friendships- The buzzing in his head forced Agent to shake his head before focusing his gaze once again. “Yeah...okay, we're doing this.” Agent left out a heavy breath, feeling his shoulders tense as millions of thoughts and plans began formulating. Scratching his chin he spoke with such a heaviness that Snipe's posture straightened, “If we're going to start, all four of us, then we must not tell anyone, including the Supreme Leader.” “Agreed” “This is crazy.” “Agreed.” Agent stood and walked away to the back window overlooking a vast sea. For such a big decision, Agent felt an odd mixture of peace and anxiety. He was sure that what they're about to do is nothing short of suicidal but with just as much conviction did he know in his heart that this was right. He was more than just a killing machine. He just didn't know what more entailed. He knew his past just like they all did, but why then, did the Jedi attack him with such raw emotion? Like they knew one another? Why did he hesitate so much when battling her? Why did he want to hug that unruly haired man and never let him go? Not all is what it seems and Agent is gradually finding that his dull, removed outlook was being replaced with an alien feeling of determination. With that, a brief flash of an orange jumpsuit clad man came to mind. “Who's Poe?” He murmured to the sea. Notes: Hey guys, thanks for your patience, this chapter was re-written four times and deleted twice (on purpose) but I think it's a pretty decent chapter overall. I hope you all enjoyed it, I can't wait to see how FInn's character progresses or regresses depending on how events fall into place. Do you think his team is trustworthy? What about Cusic and him forcing Leia's hand? Stay tuned for the next installment whenever my next full day off is! Chapter 3 : Hard Choices Summary: It's rarely easy to forsake all you know in order to achieve all you want. What you want, rarely is easily obtained. Sacrifices must be made and a little bit of yourself will forever be left behind. Question is: will it be worth it in the end? Or shall one go back to the comfort of familiarity and forsake all that could be in order to feel that false sense of security? It's decision time. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Chapter Three: Hard Choices "You have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition. What you'll discover will be wonderful. What you'll discover is yourself. "~Alan Alda Poe sat on a large grassy knoll with Rey, overlooking the base they sat in silence. Neither of them were happy with the General's verdict, and to a point, Poe felt betrayed. The General enjoyed and respected Finn like most everyone on the base, she knew just how much of an asset he was and knew that he could never willingly betray them. Despite knowing, she still said that no further resources would be allotted to the capture of Finn. She said that the safety of the many outweighed the few and Cusic couldn't have left that meeting showing just how smug he was of the outcome. Nor could that bastard stop telling all who were willing to hear how he knew the General would side in his favor. Poe had waited to argue as people slowly dispersed, but the General gave him a look that spoke volumes and only said to him that if he argued, he'd be put on suspension for an indefinable time period. So, Poe followed his gut. “Do you think” He broke the silence, still keeping his gaze on the base, “That we can do this, just the three of us?” BB-8 beeped an affirmative while Rey remained silent for a few more minutes. Poe didn't want to betray his anxiety to Rey. He was on suspension, but leaving the base was on a whole different playing field. It was desertion at its finest and Poe's stomach knotted at the thought of being labeled as a rogue and traitor. The pilot was leaving everything behind for rescuing one man who may kill him next they meet because he forgot all about Poe. Suddenly, he was hit with the realization that this was what Finn probably felt like when he deserted the First Order. The gnawing uncertainty, knowing that the universe is vast but altogether too small with the creeping paranoia that what is being sought may never be obtained. Too many variable unknowns to contend with, it left him feeling itchy with barely contained anxiety. “I can find him” She finally spoke, “But he's not the Finn we know.” “Doesn't matter, when we find him he'll remember.” Poe smiled at the young woman hoping one of them believed that line, “It might not be immediately, but Finn is stubborn and he'll find a way back.” With a small smile, Rey looked up, “Yeah, that's Finn.” “That's Finn” He confirmed, his heart feeling lighter at the prospect of getting his friend and potential lover back. Meanwhile on Tyrros' moon... “Fuck!” Royce cursed as she ducked behind the console, “Stupid Resistance scum!” “Less talking” Agent's voice reprimanded over their communication links. “You try breaking a five layer encryption while being shot at!” She hissed as she reconnected her data pad to their system. “Protecting you is hard enough” Monk gritted as he became surrounded by armed men. As he braced for impact, five silent beams of red light hit his would-be-killers dead in the chest. “Thanks, Snipe.” “Just once, can we just sneak in undetected!” Royce grumbled as her fingers flew across the screen. Blinking away blood from a superficial cut above her eyebrow, she froze mid stroke. “Just once can you do as I say?” “I don't want to go to that conference father. Most of them do not know a data port from an ion-fused processor!” “Sharing knowledge is of the utmost importance dear, we have a part to play if we want The First Order gone.” Jarred from her trance, she looks into the red mask of their fearless leader, “Times up!” “But I only got the superficial files!” Agent yanked her to her feet, ignoring her cursing protests as he crudely disconnected her pad from the enemy's mainframe. “You'll have to tell Hux why you failed in your part of the mission when you give him your formal report.” “What about Supreme Leader Snoke?” She pulled away from his grip as she put away her tech. Stopping only for a moment to grab a blaster from Agent she looked up at his red-porcelean face. “He is busy.” Her skin crawled at the thought of what him being busy entailed. She thought of days long torture sessions and painful medicines being pumped through her veins.Abruptly, she was pulled down. “You're quickly becoming a liability.” Right. Escape, no time to dwell on those random, meaningless thoughts. “Sorry.” It was hours later on their small transport ship that the four sat around the cramped cargo bay. Having already given their report to a frustrated Hux, they were told to await further orders on their first ever failed mission. Failure was a bitter taste to all of them, having never before lost this badly since they became a team. However; it was necissary. They had to botch the entire mission in order to obtain files that didn't fall within their official mission perameters. They had to fail in order to draw away the suspicious paltry amount of information on the Resistence and their secret trader agent. A man who, somehow calculated trade routes so damn well that when the First Order even had a clue as to the what's and whens, he would immediately change it all. The guy was clever and the First Order hated a secondary enemy that worked outside of their enemies perameters and only contrived his own. Whoever that guy was, his identity was stoutly defended and Agent could careless. The Order's endgame was no longer his priority. All that mattered is that they obtained information they were seeking, not the Order, not anyone else. “Report” Agent ordered. Grabbing her data pad, Royce projected the files before them, “There's nothing much I was able to grab except this...” Pressing in a sequence the pages dissapeared and instead the face of Snipe appeared along with basic information. “ Arlan T'mon” She stated, “Look familiar?” The Khommite grimaced, flexing his hands on the table, “It sounds familiar-” “Sniper for the Rebellion, status: retired” Royce whispered, “Wanted by the First Order.” A heavy silence fell upon the group, in one seemingly botched mission they obtained information they secretly hoped wouldn't confirm their suspicions. “It has me and Monk too.” Her voice grew ever more incredulous as secret files hidden behind dull weather reports were uncovered. “We had families” Her voice grew the more she became angry, “We had lives!!” She stood and began pacing, waving her hands in the air, “But what the hell?! They're not fabricated, those files pre-date us! I would know I-” “What then of our memories?” Monk calmly questioned, “Our beliefs? Are they fictations created by the First Order or is the Resistence more clever than we give them credit?” “There's only one way to find out.” Agent took off his mask and set it aside. He didn't want to dwell on the fact that nothing in those files mentioned him. Royce- or rather Terran Warfield was only able to grab a crumb of information that left them all wanting more, and he supposed he wouldn't be better off than the others if he were mentioned. At the least, one of them had to be level-headed. “Royce-” “Terran” She corrected with anger flashing in her eyes. “For the purpose of this and any other missions, we should stick to what the First Order named us. We cannot afford any kind of slip ups shall this information become confirmed” Agent met her eyes with his own unwavering gaze. They were still a group and he was still their leader, he'd be damned if they fell apart this close to figuring out what all was going on, if there was something going on at all. “We are going to discretely hack the First Order's systems.” “And what of us?” Monk asked waving between the three males, “What shall we do to tide the time?” “We plan and start reconnasaince. We need to find that Jedi and see what all she knows.” “And what about you? Who are you?” Royce bit back, still coming down from her confused-fueled rage. “I am your leader” He answered without missing a beat, “And we are a team, we'll take new information as it comes and deal with it together. If we fall apart now, no one will be picking up the pieces.” “Well stated.” Monk replied as he stood up and began heading towards the console near the ship's steering system. Royce soon departed towards the team's shared quarters which left the Agent to watch as the Khommite grappled with whatever thoughts were crashing in his mind. Agent refused to leave him by himself, knowing that finding yourself was a difficult and often daunting process, especially when you believed in only one way for most of your life. The shock could be monumental and left you feeling oddly bereft. “It sucks” He found himself saying to the Khommite, “And it's hard, but letting go of what you thought you knew and embracing everything that could be or is, is refreshing. I don't know how I know that but I firmly believe in the truth of it. I'm here for you.” He pat his companion on the shoulder and just sat next to him, saying nothing more for the rest of their journey to the nearest First Order Station. He had his own thoughts to contend with, especially his sudden understanding and empathy for his fellow comrades when, before, he could careless how people felt or coped as long as his team produced results the First Order demanded from them. Agent was changing and he wasn't entirely sure how he felt. Emotions were a bizarre thing and now, he was full of them. What a mess, he angrily thought. If Poe was his younger self and not wholly in love, he would be enjoying the night life of this random far-off planet. The neon lights were bright enough to make this evening seem like it was early morning accompanied by the low buzz they made that was greatly overshadowed by the plethora of people going from place to place in various states of sobriety. What kept his gaze from straying like many others was his focus on Rey who was not used to the pulsing beats of the various clubs strewn on this planet, nor the naked aliens blatantly offering up their goods for the right price. This planet was definitely a shocker to those who were unfamiliar with sin in any form. It would've been such a delight to have Finn here by his side and see him gape at all this planet offered. Poe could just imagine the dark skinned man pointing and asking what things meant and why were people doing something. Instead, he was with Rey looking for a Hutt by the name of Felix. Their source told them he'd be located in the seediest club by the name of Run. He didn't have time to think over how fitting the name was as they found the darkened club with black and blue strobe lights passing over the curtained windows. Two bouncers stood at the entrance, not for line management (for there was no line of eager party goers), but rather to screen all who wanted to enter primarily for business purposes. It's not like much was illegal on Yertfifth- Fore, hell, there were minimal policing on the planet and the code was fairly simple: if you didn't see it, it didn't happen, and if you did see it, act like it didn't happen. Drugs and sex were what made the planet one of the richest in its quadrant, a planet catered to all sorts of tastes. Except for murder of course, that was bad for business. “My head is hurting” Rey admitted as they made their way towards the bouncers. “You'll get used to it” Poe was lying and judging by her look, she didn't believe him. They stopped by the door, going through the typical pat down and scanners which Rey managed to short. The bouncers cursed as their tech didn't turn on, no matter how hard they slapped it and grugingly let the two of them through. It wasn't hard to miss a Hutt. Even if you were blind you couldn't miss their species nor their stench. Felix sat recumbent, surrounded by naked men and women with a cigar in one hand and the other hand otherwise preoccupied on a humanoid's reproductive organ. “What brings a Jedi here?” He spotted them but otherwise remained largely unaffected by their presence, this was his domain and he knew he was untouchable. Poe, who was the only one of the two that spoke Hutt, replied. “We're looking for information on the First Order's Harbingers.” A few people stopped what they were doing for a moment before going back to drinking and dancing but Poe was acutely aware that he now had a large audience. Judging by how minutely tense Rey became, she too knew that their position was precarious at best. There were undoubtedly First Order sympathizers in the crowd and Poe would be surprised if they made it out of the club without so much of a slur thrown their way. “What kind of information.” The Hutt smiled smugly as his partner gasped and came, much to the undisguised disgust of Rey. The Hutt was trying to unsettle them but Poe was once a wild partier when he was in his early twenties and had seen and experienced it all. Nothing phased him when it came to public acts of carnal pleasure. “Anything you got.” Poe didn't want to give away any specifics even if they were alone with Felix. The Hutt was in the business of information and everything came at a premium. It didn't matter whose side you took, it all came down to what you had to offer. “What I have you may not be able to pay for.” “Depending on the amount and specificity of your information, we could negotiate a price.” Poe easily fired back. He could deal with Hutts and their slippery ways, it was like playing poker in a fashion. “Come with me to my office.” Felix pushed aside his companions and began slithering towards the back with Rey and Poe following closely behind. Somehow Poe felt more tense the further back they went, no one ever trusted a Hutt and lived to tell the tale. Catching Rey's eyes, they silently readied themselves for whatever may come their way. The nightmares became worse for Monk. Agent entered the room and sat on the chair closest to Monk's cot. The dreaming man never moved or tossed like one would normally do when in the darkest throes of a dream. What he did, however; was shout and scream and beg until he would open his eyes and attack Agent like a man possessed, and Agent would dodge until Monk realized what he was doing. Agent would then go to the training facility on base with Monk following closely behind. The two hours spent in the predawn mornings would go a long way in soothing both their troubled minds. It never truly alleviated the dawning truth of the First Order nor did it help with their newly found conscience that the deeds they did-the horrors they wrought in the name of personal slights that were probably fabricated by the galaxy's most powerful villain- may have been a gruesome mistake. They were murderers. It was okay for them when they were operating under the pretense that they had done it all their lives. Now, though, they uncovered files of who they could've been and to cement their findings they were actively tracking down the Jedi who may help them unblock their memories...or confirm that they were indeed monsters like Snoke had claimed to recruit and band together. Even so, Agent didn't have the nightmares like Monk, nor did he have a deep emotional connection to seemingly mundane things like Royce. All he had were brief, forgettable flashes and his gut instincts. Stepping out of the refresher, Agent let out a frustrated sigh. Even in this group of misfits, he was vastly different. He wasn't normal by any stretch and his lack of memories concerned him. What if he were the only monster in the group? What if they get their memories and remember that he's exactly what Snoke said he was? Would he then have to kill them? Could he even do it? “We have a mission from Hux” Snipe entered Agent's room, paying no mind to his nakedness. “What is it?” Agent wrapped a nearby towel around his waist, reaching for the disc. The missions were coming in at a more frequent rate now that Hux had complete control over their unit, Snoke was finalizing Kylo Ren's training and Agent was secretly glad of it. He had a feeling, at the start of their formation, that these one on one sessions with the Supreme Leader were just him testing how strong the barriers where that held their memories at bay, which brought him back to the matter at hand; “Recon” The Khommite answered, “On a planet not far from here, the female Jedi was spotted.” Agent fought the urge to smile and ignored the happy feeling bubbling from his chest at the mention of the female Jedi. Those emotions would be best kept at bay and further analyzed when he had some time alone. “Looks like the universe is on our side for the moment.” Uploading the information onto his data pad, he summarized the instructions: “We are to figure out the why and where she's going. We are not to engage with her unless an opportunity presents itself, secondarily we are to establish that the First Order does not tolerate the harboring of wanted fugitives.” “And what of us?” The question would seem misplaced to an outsider but Agent knew what he was referring to. “We will not engage the Jedi while we run the risk of it being reported back, but we will approach her carefully when we can and ask the questions we want answered.” “And if we're really who Supreme Leader said we are?” Agent looked out his tiny window to the barren, desert landscape beyond. He frowned. That was a heavy question. Would they continue on knowing that they were truly horrible people of the First Order? It was familiar, not quite home, and would be easy to just fall back into and forget this all happened. “Then we will regroup” He finally spoke, “Even if we are truly villains, that doesn't mean we have to remain so. And to be honest with you Snipe, the fact that we're contemplating this possibility shows how little we are what the First Order says we are. Cold-blooded killing machines continue on even in the face of facts and we have stuttered to a stop, even myself.” Looking away, he watched the Khommite for a second, unsure of how to continue on. He was still new regarding this emotions showing before his team mates, but they trusted him in their moments of weakness, and it is only fair he shows them that he is human too. In a singular breath he spoke heavily, “I am scared too.” Of course the Hutt would sell them out! Poe gritted his teeth as he helped maneuver the Millennium Falcon off that rock and plotting coordinates to the nearest repair dock on a dwarf planet a few hours away. Rey was silently fuming at the lost opportunity and Poe couldn't blame her. The Hutt showed tidbits of information about the Harbingers, their confirmed missions, their alias' and where they last were seen. The bastard did have the information but why sell it when there was a collective bounty on their heads enough to buy half that planet's real-estate? Slamming her hand on the console, she cursed in a language Poe was unfamiliar before she swiveled in her chair to face the man. “Now what?” “Well,” Poe began, finalizing a quick system's check before meeting her gaze, “We wait.” “Excuse me?” “Word will get out about us being there and no doubt where we ended up, it's not that hard of a guess with the damage Felix and his crew did to the ship.” “So we wait for them to plan an attack?” “Hutts are just as good liars as they are remarkable in the black market business. The First Order would not be quick in sending troops off on a potential goose chase, nor do they want to waste an oppertunity either.” “How do you know?” “Finn, when he couldn't sleep, would just talk about life with the Storm Troopers.” Poe shrugged his shoulders as though it explained everything, and for Rey it did. “So they'll send his team after us?” “Possibly.” “How long will that take?” “Hopefully, not too long.” Turns out it was almost fourty-eight hours after docking the ship when whispered words started happening about a group of four black-leather-clad people staying at a nearby hostile. They had arrived. Notes: Seems like you can take the memories from a person but you cannot take away their character. Will everything turn out right in the end? Will Finn find his way back home and back in Poe's arms? Will love conquer all even in the midst of war? Hope you're enjoying this, next chapter might take a bit since I'm stuck editing a major portion of it. In the meantime, drop me a comment. :) Chapter 4 : A Confluence. Summary: Having no grand words to say in an epic speech he long prepared but recently forgot, Poe closed his eyes. Notes: So sorry it seemed like I dropped off the face of the earth, I got a last minute opportunity to do some volunteer work in a third-world country (that story is for another time) and my luggage ended up who knows where, including my laptop. Lesson learned: have more than one spot to put your stories. Essentially, I've had to start from scratch with this story. Look at me babbling, let's continue where we left off eh? When they arrived, people stopped and stared. The First Order wanted their presence to be known at this outpost, and should their recon mission prove fruitless, they were ordered to make it known what happens should they choose or even think to harbor fugitives again. It all made Agent sick the more he thought about it, so he ceased that line of thinking and focused his sharp gaze to his surroundings. “Keep to the shadows, report back at the hostile in eight hours.” Appearances at this point, were key. No one should doubt who they were nor misconstrue their intentions. Neither of them spoke as they separated, leaving Agent to walk down the main pathway through the town. Occasionally he would stop to check the wares but made no inquiries about the female Jedi. He had no doubt that the citizens could trust him no further than they could spit and he was okay with that. Agent was just a mere distraction while the rest of his team discreetly began collecting information. “What brings ye here?” One vendor shouted. Agent didn't spare the man a glance as he continued on. This, he belatedly realized, would just turn a paper cut into a handful of thorns in his side. “Oye!” The stout vendor threw his butcher knife at the red-masked Agent who dodged as he turned to face the livid man. “I was talkin' to ye, scum!” The market grew quiet and still as they raptly watched, waiting to see what the First Order's most prized Agent would do. Children were ushered behind their parents and the older inhabitants edged away from what could be a terrible confrontation. The air was thick with tension and no doubt as to whom signed their death warrant. Still, no one moved to quell this seething man and Agent almost pitied the poor bastard for his poor choice in companions. Typically, attacking an officer of the First Order was a death sentence that Agent had no qualms taking care of a few months ago. Back when he was just a killing machine with no other purpose but to further The Order and his Master's grand plan. Now, however; everything was different, or it could be. “You will cease your attack” His darkened voice spoke lowly. “Or what?” The butcher challenged, “Ye'd kill me like ye killed me wife?” He spat at the Agent's feet. “I'm not scared of ye.” Feeling cornered between what he ought to do and what he wanted to do, Agent hesitated. He couldn't kill him, Force help him if this should get back to Hux. Worse still, if Snoke suspects anything then they'll be good as dead, possibly worse. A light foot tread caught his attention and he felt himself minutely relax as a plan began to whir together. With it cemented, Agent immediately took action, catching his attacker off guard by slamming him against the nearest wall and holding the poor bastard there by his throat, “You are not worth my time.” He hissed, “Think clearly of your actions or the First Order will decimate everything you know and love while leaving you alive to watch it all burn.” All of it was an unfortunate truth, and he dearly hoped the angry man would cease his rage or he'd have no other choice but to kill him and Agent was getting so damn tired of it. The nightmares recently were getting worse and they continued to build up with the body count. The angry man's eyes morphed from venom to fear within seconds of his air supply being cut off and fruitlessly he scratched and pulled at Agent's firm grip trying to get some much needed oxygen to his starving lungs. The fear kept growing until his pupils were completely dilated and Agent knew that this man's eyes would haunt him years to come. A low hiss then a familiar hum prickled his ears as the melodic voice broke over the dull roar of his racing heart. “Let him go.” Doing as the voice commanded, he let the man fall and immediately the bastard began gasping like a fish and coughing through big gulps of air. Still, no one rushed to the poor man's side, instead some of the crowd began to thin upon seeing the new arrival. Neither Agent's presence nor hers were welcomed and both only promised further trouble in the near future. Agent turned his back from the quivering mess to face something far more pressing. Albeit, this was not the best scenario to talk as in-depth as he wished. Keeping his agitation to himself, he squared his shoulders and did what he does best: plan and improvise. “Jedi” He activated his bracers, keeping his posture loose but his calculating gaze sharp. Agent could tell that she would first try a swing from her right with how she was holding her light saber, freeing up her hand to force push him into the same wall the angry man currently slumped against. Or to push the miserable man away from the impending fight his mind supplied half a second later as he spared the surrounding area another look. The later seemed more probable. Adrenaline began pumping steadily in his veins as he waited to see what she'd do. “You are under arrest by decree of the Resistance.” No such decree existed and he let out a small exhale, fight it was then. Feeling a blanket of tranquility envelop him he acknowledged that this course of action was a relief. Fighting he knew how to do and never once doubted whether or not he could. No, it was the moral ground that left him in a state of unease and even being aware of her morals he was still unsure of the Jedi before him. Sure, she was a light-side Jedi and in theory, lying was never practiced, but there was a small inkling of doubt saying that she could prove the exception to the rule. Even thinking this, Agent felt a resounding respect for the female. He felt as though he could trust her with his life, so he was going to test that theory out. If she was good, and if his gut was correct, she will not kill him today. Raising his hand he made a challenging motion that clearly stated he had no intentions to make it easy on her. In the end, he knew he was going to get his butt handed to him nevertheless, he'd make her work for it. Might as well make it a little fun, right? =-=- Poe cursed as he ducked behind a crate, narrowly avoiding a blaster by centimeters. The Khommite was scary good with guns, but Poe knew that from the files. “I know who you are!” He shouts as he rolled away from the crate to send a stunner the Khommite's way. “We can help you Arlan.” There was a heavy silence, allowing Poe to wince as he gingerly pressed his ribs. The guy had a nasty kick and if his ribs weren't broken, he'd eat his own hat. His moment of contemplation cost him dearly, making him curse as the air pressure changed too quick for him to react. Poe saw stars as his enemy punched him in the jaw causing him to temporarily loose hearing until he hit the ground with an unmistakable crack of a broken bone. “You know nothing human!” The Khommite hissed but Poe saw it in his eyes. The small glimmer of doubt so Poe went for it, “Your wife and kids miss you.” The assault suddenly stopped and Poe blinked his eyes open to see the imposing male standing over him with his gun pointed at his chest. His heart rate sped up as removed eyes connected to his own and Poe couldn't stop the wince of recognition. Those soulless eyes were the same as Finn's. Never again will he see his love's eye shine in wonder or laughter. This was the end of Poe Dameron, what a joke. No explosions from a daring fight in his X-wing, no last moment exchange of eternal love; just him and this Khommite. Having no grand words to say in an epic speech he long prepared but recently forgot, Poe closed his eyes. “Pathetic.” After that, Poe felt a hard object connect to his temple and knew no more. -=-=- The outcome came as no surprise to either of them. Both of them were sporting new bruises, a few open wounds that weren't too serious, and his mask somehow staying immobile throughout the ordeal even when he ended up loosing his leather and metal reinforced jacket. The burn on his chest smarted more than it should, it was just a graze with no intent from the Jedi to go any deeper. Amazingly, she had pulled away when any other enemy would've severed the arm. A sign of weakness in the Order but to him it meant something profound. Had he enough time to process it, he could pinpoint why. However; all he had time for was to take stock of his injuries. For some reason the scar parallel to his spine started flaring which turned the fight in her favor towards the end. Before that, they were pretty evenly matched. Favorably, the Jedi was still prone to emotional outbursts on a very small but ill-concealed scale and the concern on her face for every blow made gave him openings in an otherwise impeccable defense, further more her actions cemented his previous line of thought: They knew each other. Or, at the very least, she was a very crappy Jedi where emotions were concerned and he over-estimated her skill set. The hum and almost unbearable heat of the light saber was just below his chin and he watched her as her bottom lip quivered just slightly, “Yeild.” By now, the entire marketplace patrons dissipated and no one was around to see the ending of such a fight. The majority of the rickety stalls were in tatters with goods spread everywhere, some of the sturdier buildings bore burn marks from the Jedi's light saber and Agent's shots chipped chunks out of buildings. It was a good thing the citizens retreated far away from the battle zone, at least it showed self-preservation and gave Agent the opportunity to communicate. “The First Order will know of this defeat” Came his simple reply. “Who cares?!” “We do” Came the deep timber of the Khommite. Both of them looked up to see him carrying the unconscious man with unruly hair. “Let him go!” Her weapon turned off but with one hand held out to Agent, she used the force to pin him to the ground. Silently gasping for air, Agent felt his airways significantly reduced by the invisible, heavy weight of the force on his upper torso. Fighting back a sudden panic attack, he refocused all his attention on regulating his breathing, only barely listening to the conversation. “I believe we both have someone we want back” Spoke the Khommite, “Perhaps we can broker a deal away from prying ears?” “I do not-” “Speak carefully Jedi” Snipe chided, “Words carry a lot of weight and so do dead bodies upon the conscience.” Silence fell heavily between the Jedi and Snipe. Her free hand gripped and re-gripped her light saber while Snipe kept stoic and unmoving. She glanced between Agent and the Khommite gnawing at her bottom lip before firming up her resolve. “My ship is docked at station five.” “I shall meet you there.” The Khommite turned his back on the Jedi and began running in the direction of the remote docking station. He hated being the person waited upon and Agent knew that, he also had a feeling that this Jedi didn't like people she didn't trust on her ship unsupervised for too long. You'd have to be completely stupid to trust in any member of the Harbingers. Feeling the tremendous weight of gravity being lifted, Agent shakily stood as she watched him with a critical eye. The sudden oxygen intake left him light headed and his burning lungs suddenly felt too large for his chest cavity, but he remained quiet in his disorientation. “Don't try anything.” With her light saber activated, she walked behind him, telling him where he should go. For a brief moment, Agent gazed above the rooftops and spied the other two team members before they disappeared within the shadows. They were still at an advantage and Agent smirked. If things didn't go well for Snipe and himself, then the other two would be there to leave everything else in ruin. Keeping their image intact and their selves alive another day. He was nothing else, if not, a strategist. =-=-= “Where are your other companions?” The Jedi kept her gaze forward as Agent lead the way directed by the end of her disengaged light saber, knowing full well that if he so much as twitched, she would skewer him. Though, he doubted she would do it. “I have none” Agent knew the importance of not lying around someone who is force-sensitive. Instead, he would be as vague as possible if only to confuse the female. “You have the Khommite.” “And you know where he is” Agent blithely commented. “And the other two you're associated with?” “Neither here nor there.” “Are they on the planet?” Her voice seemed exasperated and Agent smirked under his mask. She's quite smart to have caught on, he'd give her that, but she still has much to learn by way of keeping her emotions in check. “You already know that answer.” “Where are they on this planet then?” “I do not know.” He answered truthfully. “I can tell if you're lying.” “Good, then you know I'm not.” “You were never this frustrating Finn!” He stuttered in his next step, but caught himself fast enough that it would be barely noticeable from a distance. It was too bad that the Jedi was close enough to see it. “Do you know who you are?” Her voice was haltingly hopeful and something in his chest constricted, and for a moment he wanted to reassure her. He couldn't though, could he? A monster born from the darkest depths of the First Order, a soldier bred from equal parts spite and want for vengeance. Forever in the shadows, gazing towards a light and never to be reached by the likes of him. Agent kept his gaze steady as they walked down the merchant district to the docking stations. He was keenly aware of various eyes and ears trained on him. They still had five minutes to go before they got to dock five and could safely converse with minimal prying. “I'm Agent of the First Order, hand picked by Supreme Leader Snoke to bring down the Resistance and whomever else associated with such scum.” “You're-” “Not worth talking about Jedi” He coldly snapped, tilting his head slightly so that she may get the jist of prying onlookers. Thankfully, she did. “We're almost there.” She spoke as if to reassure him and he held back a derisive scoff. She was the one enemy standing in the way of the First Order and Kylo Ren? This female with her emotions and misplaced words?! She had tremendous focus with the force, he'd give her that but against the overwhelming might of Kylo Ren and Snoke, she stood a fair chance of being squashed like the ant she was. From his view point, there was no contest statistically. Still, his gut told him she'd be the savior of them all. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the I Am No One series