Chapter One It seemed like a distant memory when the First Order was once considered a mild threat, a small extremist group from the long dead ashes of the Empire. The same organization that now retained the largest military in the entire Galaxy they were now the new Empire and any act against them was considered treason. General Hux's amused eyes greeted you at the blast door, wearing a dull smirk. "Senator," he hummed, nodding slightly to you. His eyes quirked from your bonded wrists back up to your face as he smugly turned around. You had attended school with him, knew him only by name never talked he was always quite little did anyone know he had such radical views or that he would ever amount to such a position. Never would you have thought you would have gone down two such different radical paths. "General, I demand that you release me. I am on a diplomatic mission to Taris." You protest as the trooper behind you tightens his grip around your arm. "It is a pleasure to have you here Senator, I'm sure the rest of the Sente would be happy to hear your little story." He snides his face scrunching up at your lie. "Armitage." You uttered before quickly slapping your mouth shut. He abruptly turns around, his demeanor transforming into one of rage his right-hand slamming onto your shoulder, his body prowling over yours. "I suggest you refrain from calling me that Senator or you will be sent away ." he snapped his sharp face inches from yours. You swallow quickly darting your eyes to the floor after your submission the General's hand hesitantly leaves your shoulder briefly brushing past it, as if to sooth you. His actions confused you as your eyes trailed to his body now faced away from you. You took notice as his pale fingers glided across the keypad, the door sharply opened making a small hissing sound, feeling a small tug from the trooper behind you, you walked swiftly behind the General. First Order representatives sat opposite to members of your domain, in discussion, you could feel the eyes burning across your frame, and then it stopped. The speech suddenly halted. The sounds of heavy footsteps bounced off the dark clad walls of the room. Quickly you move your head around to face the footsteps, regretting it when your eyes meet the dark clad figure. Kylo Ren. The creature so tall froze, staring directly at you. You inhaled a sharp breath, calming yourself returning what you assumed to be a glare. General Hux stood up suddenly from his seat his brows furrowed at the tall masked figure. "Commander Ren if you will be seated." The visor still remained at your direction as it stalked around the large table and stood beside General Hux, folding its arms. General Hux exchanged one last glance between the commander and you, a curious one, before addressing the powerful audience. "The execution of the Senator has been postponed." An outcry erupted shouting and screams, the dark figures visor was still staring directly at you, and you stared back, as an equal foe your cuffed wrists falling into your lap. You would not be intimidated by anyone. "Senator of Coruscant," General Hux nodded towards the Senator as he hastily stands up beside you, you give him a pleading look, as the dark man stood up bowing to the senate. "The constitution clearly states that you can not execute the senator unless it is fully approved and voted for by more-" "We do not recognize the New Republic here." General Hux swiftly responds, "But I am sure if Coruscant and her system were to join the First Order we would be able to recognize your plea for clemency." The silence felt eerie and the senators all exchange looks, bringing their eyes back onto the Senator of Coruscant, waiting for his response, his allegiance. Sharp pinpricks of pain were reached your head, stabbing you ever so slightly making you wince each time as you watched as the creature still stared, you held your stance, glaring at the creature behind the mask. "For her life, our system offers an alliance.." He pauses, his breath shaky as you glare at him, had he not read your instructions precisely? "To the First Order in all her duties .. all her ideologies.. and through certain war." You feel your body slump as you see General Hux's satisfied grin before turning towards you beckoning for you to speak. "If you offer the Resistance violence they can only show violence in return. I can not forsake all I have honored and betray the New Republic." The creature looked at you curiously across the room, tilting its mask as if amused by your rebellion. You glared back. Hux's loud voice echoed in response as he pressed his lips tightly together, "Perhaps, " He spat, " ... a demonstration of the full power of this machine is needed Senator? Not only your own life but countless of your own people." Your eyes flutter up to his tall frame, this game he was playing, it was one you would finally lose, you took a step back only to fall into something tall and firm, it did not move an inch. Darting your head quickly you see the dark clad figure.. the commander, his gloved hands pressed firmly on your shoulders holding you in place. You twist your head back around your eyes tracing towards the general, strolling around the table towards you, his cool stance emitting power, circling the table like a hawk, his hands pressed tightly behind his back, "Do you know what happens to things that do not bend Senator?" It's almost a growl when he speaks, "They break." You hesitantly sit back down glaring back up at the wretched man still behind you feeling the close presence of the commander before his distorted voice begins to speak. "We can not give liability to these rebel scum, Hux." He spits, "The Supreme Leader will not tolerate such an action without full knowledge and trust of their loyalty." "I am well aware of Supreme Leaders wishes, Ren." His tone was equal in harshness to the commanders. "Which is why this system has given themselves to the First Order by allowing us custody of her." He says glaring to you. "I am not owned by anyone Hux including you and your fascist gang." you spit. "You are a hypocrite senator, and it will be your downfall. You are indebted to your planet and you will follow your own democracy. Your system has voted." He says a sly smile growing on his face. You quickly look around to your systems leaders as none of them will look you in the eye. The senator of Coruscant's brown eyes look sadly up to yours as he gives you a nod. "Lead her to her quarters." Hux's voice bellows at the troopers, "You will regret this General, as soon as the other systems here of this treachery war will be certain." "Relocate her to cell 547 until further notice." Hux chimes, as you are removed you are followed by Kylo Ren's visor, another curious glance from the General, this didn't appear to be the knight's usual behavior he appeared infatuated. ___________________________________________________________________________________________________ You lay outstretched on the steel bench in the cell. They were going to use you as a pawn, you would have to corporate or your planet would suffer. You tried your best to appear calm but you were trembling. Fear engulfed you and as if on cue you were greeted by two troopers. Your heart raced as one stepped forward, your instinct was to move away, press your body far away from these men. "Do you reckon they'll mind if we fuck her D-17." D-17 turns towards you, the white trooper mask scaling up your body. "We have orders to take her immediately the Generals Chambers. I suggest you follow them. Another time." He spits grabbing onto your arm. Trooper D-17 held your bound arms tightly as the other lead the way down the countless dark hallways until finally stopping outside a door. They nodded towards you opening the blast door. A dark dining area, that looked more like an office than a place to eat sitting around were all the lieutenants and generals of the First Order, the highest of the high. All staring at you, like they had never seen a woman in their life, Hux beckoned your last name as you slowly took a seat next to him. "Lovely wine senator, from your home planet I believe." He says pouring your glass up high, you politely smile, making friends here, even with your enemy was the only thing that would keep you alive. That was the goal, survival. "You are very well mannered senator, inherited from your family I believe, a powerful family at that." He knew who your family was why was he asking such questions. "You are mistaken General." You say carefully grasping on the wine glass before bringing it to your lips, you could feel the sweet oaky taste tainting your lips. The small talk in the room suddenly altered as loud footsteps could be heard up from the hallway. You see the lieutenant opposite to you adjust his collar, straightening his back and many others preparing themselves. "Ren, finally here to join us." General Hux's tone is riddled with distaste. The figure stands there, the helmet directed towards you yet again before taking a seat at the end of the long table, directly opposite to the general. "For Gods sake Ren take that mask off we are in company of our own." Hux was the only one brave enough, or stupid, or more or so powerful enough to talk to the commander in such a way. You made sure to keep note of that. "Do not annoy me Hux or I will see to you and the rest of your pathetic comrades deaths." The distortion of the mask made the voice inhumane, it sent chills down you as you noticed yourself drinking more and more of your drink. Your hands were trembling, under the table, your thought betrayed you towards your family. A time much happier than now. "Your little outbursts do not intimidate me, Ren." He growls awakening you from your day dream, the General took the wine up to his lips. He drank as eloquently as he spoke, a true power to be reckoned with. As in defiance, the commander left his mask on until the meal was brought out. The chatter seemed lighter than before as if the presence of the Commander made everyone uneasy, your heart started beating rapidly as you began the thought of what lay behind the mask, what monster had to lurk behind a mask like that. Your eyes remained on your plate, as you slowly started eating the tender reptilian meats, and different tasting fruits, your head started to slowly ake again, and you found yourself drawing your hands up to your temples, to cure it you drank more wine, that the General kept pouring. "Trying to get the senator drunk Hux?" The voice was deep and husk, and you could feel the person it belonged too was staring at you, actually everyone in the room was, your eyes turn towards the voice slightly. Stay calm . Your breath seemed halted in your throat, it almost stung. The wine was giving you a light buzz, the situation was not one to smile at but yet you felt a grin stretch across your face. "Look at me Senator." you freeze, your eyes refusing to look in its direction. "Are you frightened Senator?" He belittles you, "What did you believe would lay beneath the mask?" The room is dead silent now, you focus on your breathing, as you slowly move your face to meet his your body trembling. Dark black curls canvas around his face in contrast to his pale skin which was decorated with dots, his eyes -conflicted, he was domineering, he was a nightmare, your nightmare. General Hux intruded your thoughts as he spoke to the audience, "You will accompany Ren on Coruscant next cycle, it will be the beginning of your submission to the First Order, you will play nice senator or you will lose." Chapter 2 : Chapter Two It was late in the cycle when you felt something. Like someone was watching you. You trusted your intuition, you had already assumed the mirror opposite to your bed was one that could be seen through. It made perfect sense of course to monitor you, you were now a powerful asset of the First Order, a tool, a product. But this, this was different; almost a presence. "Stop watching me." You demanded glaring at your reflection. The lights automatically beam on in the room illuminating the cold surroundings. You looked at your reflection in the mirror, your tired eyes looked back at you. You squinted at the figure facing you, pressing your face closer, inspecting. "What has gotten into you!" You scream looking at your own bloodshot eyes your face appeared distorted, fueled by rage. You gasped, trying to hold back the torrent of tears, falling to your knees. "Why wasn't I executed like the others." You whisper to the mirror. "TELL ME!" A pocket of the wall opens out falls a small purple box tightly sealed. You recognized them instantly, your favourite candy from your home planet. Aboarding the ship was more or so strange, it was partly a test to see if you would behave, but it also was an assertion of dominance, to have you on board was a symbol of submission to the First Order. You, however, found it strange how no troopers alcomped you " He strode in front of you in powerful strides his presence stemmed fear. You eyes darted the corridors as admirals and troopers halted at the force user. Arrival was at night, as to be expected the apartment was luxurious, exotic fabrics from around the galaxy adorned the furniture and linen, all different intricate patterns. But the creature seemed detached from the spacious apartment and strode quickly into the refresher. The building must have been one of the highest in the city, as you could see the remains of the Jedi Temple. You slowly slip out of your clothes and into your nightgown, still hearing the sound of the shower going in the refresher. Seeing your enemy, as a human, it was different it made you conflicted, simple things like showers and sleep seemed to bring back the reality, that these were no evil monsters you were fighting, no, they were just people like you. The bed was large and fitted with the whitest sheets, it was best of course to act You were stationed in what would be your permanent quarters. Wincing you felt your eyelids shoot open to face the monster, cold air hitting your face. Fully clothed mask and all sitting in a chair staring at you, the monster waiting for your reaction, for what he had done. The same distant and distorted monster as before, you had been a fool to think otherwise. This was war after all. "Your friends ." He pauses tilting his mask, the distorted voice echoing throughout the room, "They are withholding something." He stood up, easily taking one step towards the bed, to tower over you, " What is it ." His arm encumbered in leather outstretches towards you, twisting, and the sharp pain and closing around your throat, as you gasp, rolling onto the floor holding your hands around your neck the taste of iron in your mouth. " Tell me. " His voice echoes. You frantically try to breathe as he lets go your body slumping against the floor. Pushing yourself up, hands pressed against the cold tile, coughing and panting you watch as he rushes out of the room in a swift of black, only to come back with a bottle of water, kneeling down beside you, he tilts your head as he feeds it up to your lips, as you sip the water it flows down soothing the burning of your throat. The creatures mask is off and as you look at his face you brown orbs waiting patiently for your reaction, still distant, reclusive, not remorseful, as he guides the bottle up to your lips tipping the cool liquid, letting it drip down your throat. "The resistance will not be ... intimidated by you," You croak, collapsing into him, your voice raspy, you felt his body shake, as he threw the bottle against the wall. The familiar sound of his saber igniting sent chills down your body, but instead of the sound of metal tearing you hear screams from the dining room, guests he was slicing the guests. "Lord Ren.. please... we are just simple messengers-" the hum of the lightsaber was loud, but the screams were then silent, you feel bile come up in your throat as you open the door. "That's what you want to become. That's what the First Order desires. You.. you think you can be like him. " You cough as he pulls a bare inch away from your face. "You'll never be anything like him. No matter how many horrible deeds you do you will never be like Darth Vader." He reaches for your throat knocking your head roughly against the wall, his eyes were unrecognizable, the only thing keeping you awake was the painful grip you had around the shard of glass you had picked up, that continued to cut deeper into your hand. You rammed it up into his chest, he instantly let go of your neck reaching quickly for his wound growling in anger he ripped out the shard, bringing it up to your neck, coated in both of your blood, you could feel its warmness dripping onto your body. As you glared into his eyes, "Do it," You croak, "I'd welco..welcome death rather than be anywhere near you." His teeth seem to bare as he presses the shard closer to your throat, he drew crimson down your chest before discarding the object onto the floor in sight for another. The powerful sound of his lightsaber erupted through the room and he brought the hissing blade inches away from your neck. "You kill me, you start a war." You spit, watching the glistening reflection of his blade in his eyes. He inches further sneering at you and you returned it, "Vader was never impulsive like you." The monster dives the saber closer but the second you scream he pulls it away, eyes glaring down at your singed shoulder. You grab a hold of it turning your body away from him peering under your fingers to see the burn. You hiss as the air touches the wound, quickly he raises his hand towards one of the cabinets, the first aid kit flying over to him. Roughly he grabs your arm but you whine pressing yourself away, he claws his hands around your face, "LET GO OF ME!" he silently stares at you, his eyes no longer fulled with anger, just passiveness as he bends your wrist towards him. "FUCK" you cry groaning in pain, "I'll break it if you do not behave girl." You hesitantly uncover your shoulder, a small wound compared to the prominent cut dripping out of your hand. He tightly wraps the bandage around your hand, before placing his own hand slightly above the wound on your shoulder. You watch as his lips part, exhaling a breath. "AHH Stop what are you do-" your eyes trail down to your wound, gone no scar your shoulder was completely bare. And in a second he had gone away. Aboarding the ship was more or so strange, it was partly a test to see if you would behave, but it also was an assertion of dominance, to have you on board was a symbol of submission to the First Order. Arrival was at night, as to be expected the apartment was luxurious, exotic fabrics from around the galaxy adorned the furniture and linen, all different intricate patterns. But the creature seemed detached from the spacious apartment and strode quickly into the refresher. The building must have been one of the highest in the city, as you could see the remains of the Jedi Temple. You slowly slip out of your clothes and into your nightgown, still hearing the sound of the shower going in the refresher. Seeing your enemy, as a human, it was different it made you conflicted, simple things like showers and sleep seemed to bring back the reality, that these were no evil monsters you were fighting, no, they were just people like you. The bed was large and fitted with the whitest sheets, it was best of course to act The bed was large and fitted with the whitest sheets, it was best of course to act obedient then, in a moment of trust, act on your enemies vulnerability-on Kylo Ren. You hesitantly lie on the bed resting your head against the pillows you hear the door to the bathroom open. Your body stiffens as he enters the room. You feel him pause before swiftly walking right past the bed into the dining room his loud footsteps now silent, you let go of a breath you had been holding- of course a monster would never need to sleep . The blazing hum of a lightsaber woke you up as it sliced against the sheets you jolt back away from the creature screaming, he was unmasked, tangled hair, brown orbs glaring down near your neck. Both mimicking each others heavy breathing. Your eyes dart down to meet his on two kouhuns sliced in half, the toxic centipede like creatures lay inches away from you. His hand moves quickly to the left, eyes focused on the dead animals, and your eyes follow the dead creatures as they are quickly removed. You realise you are still staring at him when he straps the saber to his hip. He was damp with sweat and his faced had returned to stolic. He slumped next to you, before hesitantly turning around to face you. In a mutual silence, you watch as his dark orbs drift to your shoulder, trailing up to your neck before his body crouches closer. His face inches from your ear, his nose gently brushing against it, dominating . His breathing felt hot on your neck as he trailed his two fingers down it ever so slowly, pausing occasionally and looking closer before eventually reaching your collarbone. You twist your head away from the creature as in defiance, moving your body far away from him. It left a bitter taste in your mouth. Trust, it was all about trust, he couldn't kill you-at least not yet- he was almost curious about you, it was like you were the first form of humanity he had witnessed in years, you almost pitied him. Only when you heard his soft breathing did your body finally relax and you too fell into the abyss.