RIP Summary: who the fuck actually thinks assigned partners is a good idea Notes: rip me anyways the names are pretty obvious but if you need help: ren.not.ben = kylo rey-of-sunshine = rey genhux2 = hux kylo reynbow Today 9:19am ren.not.ben : oh my godd guess what the English teacher’s “special surprise” is rey-of-sunshine : please say cookies, I cannot handle anything else from Mr. Pop-Quiz ren.not.ben : an assigned group project rey-of-sunshine : Ew ren.not.ben : as in your partner is assigned rey-of-sunshine : E w ren.not.ben : no no no but get this, guess who my partner is rey-of-sunshine : omg is your partner the cute boy ren.not.ben : it's hux ren.not.ben : wait who's the cute boy? rey-of-sunshine : I forget his name, I think it's Joe or something ren.not.ben : POE? hun poe is untouchable rey-of-sunshine : for me maybe... ren.not.ben : REY PLEASE rey-of-sunshine : officially (temporarily) backing off now rey-of-sunshine : hux though, isn't he the rich boy ren.not.ben : yeah and tbh I think he’s going to try to pretend I don't exist the whole time rey-of-sunshine : what do you mean? ren.not.ben : he's refusing to move to me or look at me rey-of-sunshine : rest in pieces kylo ren ren.not.ben : wait shit he just messaged me Biography Project Chat Today 9:36am genhux2 : Hello. This is Hux. If you need to contact me for whatever reason, use this. Please only contact me about the project. ren.not.ben : k kylo reynbow Today 9:38am ren.not.ben : okay so this might not be as awkward ren.not.ben : I think he just wants to communicate through text rey-of-sunshine : isn't that harder tho ren.not.ben : yeah ren.not.ben : but I'm pretty sure the only other option is to get mentally kicked in the face Biography Project Chat Today 9:44am ren.not.ben : do u have any ideas for a topic genhux2 : I have a few off the top of my head, but I'm not sure you know enough about them to do this project efficiently. ren.not.ben : try me genhux2 : We could research the life of Adolf Hitler or Vlad the Impaler. ren.not.ben : uhh ren.not.ben : you're right, I don't know much about either of them genhux2 : So what do you suggest? ren.not.ben : I’d be okay with just doing the assignment on hitler genhux2 : Okay, you do the first two questions about his early life, and I’ll answer the two concerning what he did. ren.not.ben : okay genhux2 : Report back at around 2:00pm. ren.not.ben : k kylo reynbow Today 10:08am ren.not.ben : did u know hitler studied art? rey-of-sunshine : so that's who you guys decided to do your project on? ren.not.ben : yeah I thought it would be interesting but hux stuck me with the early life questions rey-of-sunshine : let me guess, you wanted the bloody, war-torn questions ren.not.ben : well if you say it like that you make me sound bad :( ren.not.ben : btw who's the lucky person that you got paired with? rey-of-sunshine : finn ren.not.ben : isn't finn the one you had a crush on in middle school rey-of-sunshine : oh boy you remember that? ren.not.ben : is that a real question of course I remember ren.not.ben : “he's so dreamy and cute and weird like a puppy I just want to pet him!!” rey-of-sunshine : I never said that!!! ren.not.ben : you definitely did rey-of-sunshine : no!!!!!! ren.not.ben : k ;) rey-of-sunshine : CHANGING SUBJECT NOW rey-of-sunshine : I was surprised when Mr. Poop-Quiz said I could do grandpa rey-of-sunshine : could have sworn you would have already picked him ren.not.ben : wait sHIT W H A T ren.not.ben : YOU’RE DOING YOUR PROJECT ON GRANDPA??? rey-of-sunshine : yep ren.not.ben : :((((((( Today 12:03pm rey-of-sunshine : usual place for lunch? ren.not.ben : yeah meet you there in 5 Today 1:48pm ren.not.ben : im going to throw something if I see another link on google that sends me to this one website rey-of-sunshine : that bad? ren.not.ben : hell yeah did you know there's a whole community that spreads misinformation about people like hitler and al qaeda and shit rey-of-sunshine : that's so stupid, why?? ren.not.ben : I'm starting to think it's some sort of personal attack ren.not.ben : wait fuck I gotta report to hux rey-of-sunshine : ;) ren.not.ben : don't even Biography Project Chat Today 2:03pm ren.not.ben : is what I found okay genhux2 : You need to find out more about which parts of Hitler’s life may have caused his behavior in the future. ren.not.ben : ok what about the rest genhux2 : It's fine. ren.not.ben : thanks ren.not.ben : hey have you been running into that “anons against terrorism” website a lot genhux2 : I was directed to it every once in awhile, but I removed it from the search query and found good sources. ren.not.ben : can you show me how to do that tomorrow? genhux2 : Yeah. kylo reynbow Today 2:13pm ren.not.ben : abort abort aBORT rey-of-sunshine : what happened?! ren.not.ben : I asked him if he could show me how to do something tomorrow rey-of-sunshine : and that's bad because…? ren.not.ben : I would have to sit n e a r him and t a l k rey-of-sunshine : oh no! The humanity! rey-of-sunshine : it's alright kylo, he's been in your class all year ren.not.ben : yeah but I haven't talked to him???? rey-of-sunshine : got butterflies? ;) ren.not.ben : do not Today 11:28pm rey-of-sunshine : this project isn't so bad ren.not.ben : says the person doing the project on GRANDPA rey-of-sunshine : still ren.not.ben : yeah I agree rey-of-sunshine : anyways, good night ren.not.ben : good night ren.not.ben : and if i go missing after english, remember to tell the police to question hux rey-of-sunshine : oh shush go to sleep Chapter 2 : UGH Summary: you know that feel when your partner sucks but maybe a little less than you thought? yeah. Notes: phasmom = phasma this is hux's pov and takes place after chapter 1 phast dux Today 9:23am genhux2 : I am going to scream. phasmom : so I take it the research isn’t going too well? genhux2 : Are you fucking kidding me? I’m able to answer my questions thoroughly after fifteen minutes of research, but my fucking partner can’t even refine a google search. phasmom : Yikes genhux2 : Yes, yikes. genhux2 : I have to research and answer all of his questions too if I want a good grade. phasmom : you could probably just Not and take the bad grade phasmom : it probably won’t affect your overall grade negatively, but it’ll probably affect his genhux2 : Good point, but my parents wouldn’t like it genhux2 : At all. phasmom : well then you better get crackin’ duckling genhux2 : Please stop calling me that. Biography Project Chat Today 9:40am ren.not.ben : thanks for the lesson genhux2 : Yep. ren.not.ben : how’s your research coming genhux2 : Almost done with my part, about to work on yours if you don’t speed it up. ren.not.ben : whats the rush????? the project isn’t due till next week genhux2 : I need the grade to bump-up my GPA. ren.not.ben : oh ren.not.ben : sorry phast dux Today 10:02am phasmom : who is he genhux2 : My partner? His name is Ren. genhux2 : He’s obnoxious. phasmom : care to elaborate on that? genhux2 : While I was teaching him the wonders of advanced searching, his friend sent him a text. phasmom : what did it say genhux2 : “IS HE HOT????” phasmom : Y ikes genhux2 : Yes, yikes. phasmom : you should have opened it and said you were genhux2 : That would have been the worst decision. phasmom : well is he hot genhux2 : Excuse me? phasmom : is ren hot genhux2 : That’s a useless question. phasmom : ooh so he is? genhux2 : I didn't say that. phasmom : the fact that you dodged the question leads me to believe that ren is incredibly smokin genhux2 : He's not “smokin.” He's okay at best. genhux2 : His ears are almost as obnoxious as his friend. phasmom : doesn't mean you don't think he's hot genhux2 : I'm done having this conversation. Today 11:36am phasmom : okay so he has big ears what are his other features genhux2 : Seriously. phasmom : it's an honest question to ask!! genhux2 : He has black hair. phasmom : and???? genhux2 : And he's tall. What else do you want from me? phasmom : wow phasmom : he's totally your type genhux2 : Why do you do this to me. genhux2 : And what exactly makes him “my type?” phasmom : he’s just like that guy you dated last year gengux2 : Wow would you look at the time, looks like the period’s over! Today 1:21pm genhux2 : So who’s your partner? phasmom : some foreign exchange chick phasmom : she didn't even tell me her name phasmom : or maybe she did? I don't know I couldn't understand what she was saying 70% of the time genhux2 : Sounds fun. Good luck. phasmom : yeah phasmom : one sec gotta do work Biography Project Chat Today 4:23pm ren.not.ben : I got the info we need for early life ren.not.ben : when do you want to meet up to make the poster for the presentation genhux2 : I can meet up at 5:00 at the café across the street from school. ren.not.ben : what do you need me to bring genhux2 : Just your notes. genhux2 : And bring money for food, I expect to work for a couple hours. ren.not.ben : okay see you in half an hour phast dux Today 9:46pm genhux2 : Despite all the shit I've been talking about Ren, he's not that bad at visual aids. phasmom : how to make it into hux’s heart: make aesthetically stunning posters genhux2 : Honestly, yeah. phasmom : is that a confession of love I sense? genhux2 : No. It's not. phasmom : sure… genhux2 : Don't you have a project to work on? phasmom : yeah but it's fun to tease you ;) Biography Project Chat Today 9:55pm ren.not.ben : hey I forgot my bag at the café and when I went to get it the guy said you grabbed it on your way out genhux2 : Yeah, I grabbed it so I could return it to you in class tomorrow. ren.not.ben : thanks but I need it asap genhux2 : Can you just wait until tomorrow? It's really late and it's almost my curfew. ren.not.ben : I really can't I need it ren.not.ben : look inside it if you need to know why but I really need it phast dux Today 9:59pm genhux2 : You are not going to believe this phasmom : is this about ren genhux2 : Yes and guess what. genhux2 : He’s making me drop off his bag that he forgot at the café at his house phasmom : that's ridiculous why does he need it so bad genhux2 : I don't know, he told me to look in it if I need to know. phasmom : that's some sketchy shit phasmom : are you going to look in it genhux2 : Of course. -- genhux2 : Do you know what diazepam is? phasmom : no, did you find that in his bag genhux2 : Yeah, I have to go. I'll be back in a bit. Biography Project Chat Today 10:06pm genhux2 : Okay, send me your address. ren.not.ben : thank you so much ren.not.ben shared their location genhux2 : I'll be there in 10-15 minutes. ren.not.ben : okay thanks phast dux Today 10:46pm phasmom : so I did some research on diazepam genhux2 : What did you find? phasmom : so it's a type of sedative that is used to treat anxiety, muscle spasms, and seizures phasmom : it's commonly used for people with agoraphobia phasmom : which is basically the fear of potentially awkward and embarrassing social situations genhux2 : Oh. phasmom : no wonder he needed it right away genhux2 : Yeah. genhux2 : I'm going to go. genhux2 : Night. phasmom : good night hux Chapter 3 : UMM Summary: time to get!!! personal!!!!!! Notes: sorry that there was more of a gap in updates this time around, I was thinking about how to play this chapter out. thanks for the wonderful comments y'all are leaving, they really inspire me to keep writing :) kylo reynbow Today 6:34am rey-of-sunshine : good morning!! rey-of-sunshine : kylooo rey-of-sunshine : kylo! rey-of-sunshine : wake up sleepyhead!!!! rey-of-sunshine : you're finding your own way to school today buddy because you're gonna make me late Today 7:43am rey-of-sunshine : okay, I'm worried rey-of-sunshine : are you mad at me about sending that message to you during your lesson from hux? rey-of-sunshine : are you just ignoring me? Today 8:37am rey-of-sunshine : you've missed half of physics, get your ass to school kylo Today 9:10am rey-of-sunshine : where are you? Biography Project Chat Today 9:12am genhux2 : Where are you? We need to plan and practice our presentation. genhux2 : You’ve got to be kidding me. If you're skipping today, at least let me know. Today 9:35am genhux2 : Unbelievable. Today 10:17am genhux2 : Ren? kylo reynbow Today 10:22am rey-of-sunshine : finn says that poe told him you werent in english rey-of-sunshine : what are you doing rey-of-sunshine : please tell me if something is wrong rey-of-sunshine : if I don't see you at lunch I'm calling your parents Today 11:27am rey-of-sunshine : okay you know what rey-of-sunshine : pardon my language but fuck that rey-of-sunshine : you have five minutes to message me before I call your parents rey-of-sunshine : four minutes rey-of-sunshine : three rey-of-sunshine : two… ren.not.ben : hi rey-of-sunshine : where in gods name are you and why did it take, let me count, TWENTY messages over the course of FIVE hours for you to respond?? ren.not.ben : i was sleeping rey-of-sunshine : sleeping?? ren.not.ben : yeah ren.not.ben : oh btw im not coming to school today rey-of-sunshine : I figured rey-of-sunshine : kylo I've been worried fucking sick about you all day rey-of-sunshine : you can't just pop in out of nowhere and act so casual rey-of-sunshine : what's going on?? ren.not.ben : I had a tough night ren.not.ben : like you know ren.not.ben : valium tough rey-of-sunshine : oh rey-of-sunshine : that really sucks kylo, I didn't know ren.not.ben : I'm sorry for making you worry rey-of-sunshine : forgiven but why can't you come to school today? rey-of-sunshine : usually you can still make it to school after a “tough night” ren.not.ben : as I see it, the day is already halfway done so there's really no point ren.not.ben : also I know for a fact that I will see hux in the hallway during the passing time between sixth period and seventh period ren.not.ben : and I definitely can't handle that ren.not.ben : especially right now rey-of-sunshine : what makes you say that? you were fine seeing him before, even when he sprung that last minute meet up on you ren.not.ben : when I was getting ready to go to bed I realized that I forgot to take my last dose of the day ren.not.ben : which got me a little worked up to begin with ren.not.ben : but then I couldn't find my pills ren.not.ben : and it was all made significantly worse when I realized where my pills were rey-of-sunshine : where? ren.not.ben : in my bag ren.not.ben : at the cafe rey-of-sunshine : oh no, that's terrible! rey-of-sunshine : I'm so sorry that happened to you ren.not.ben : no no no, I wish I was done ren.not.ben : so I spent about fifteen minutes working up the courage to go back to the cafe and get it ren.not.ben : just to be told that my “friend” grabbed it on his way out rey-of-sunshine : hux? no way ren.not.ben : so I went back home and spent another fifteen minutes working up the courage to ask hux to bring my bag to me ren.not.ben : and before you say anything, I asked him to bring it to me so he wouldn't feel like I was just trying to get his address or something rey-of-sunshine : smart thinking? ren.not.ben : yeah i guess, I mean it was still almost 10pm when I asked him and he said he had a curfew ren.not.ben : but he got me the bag rey-of-sunshine : hux doesn't seem like the person to actually return your bag to you at 10pm ren.not.ben : i agree but I told him to look inside if he needed to know why ren.not.ben : so he probably thinks I'm crazy or whatever now rey-of-sunshine : what??? ren.not.ben : what what rey-of-sunshine : idk rey-of-sunshine : you just aren't the kind of person to give someone blatant permission to snoop through your things ren.not.ben : i am when I'm having an anxiety attack rey-of-sunshine : I guess rey-of-sunshine : thanks for telling me ren.not.ben : yep rey-of-sunshine : however, you still havent explained why you didn't wake up until approximately 11:30 ren.not.ben : I took some nyquil at like 2am because I couldn't fall asleep rey-of-sunshine : isn't that dangerous? ren.not.ben : it shouldn't be, I just feel extra tired and out of it ren.not.ben : so I'm perfectly fine rey-of-sunshine : alright… rey-of-sunshine : I hate to push another situation on you right away, but remember to at least message hux so he doesn't think you just ditched ren.not.ben : ugh ren.not.ben : why rey-of-sunshine : finn said that poe said that hux looked annoyed but that he was typing furiously and then backspacing everything during class rey-of-sunshine : and finn said that hux only does that when he's having trouble getting his message across in the right way rey-of-sunshine : which means I think hux is a little worried about you ren.not.ben : fine Biography Project Chat Today 12:45pm ren.not.ben : I slept in, sorry genhux2 : Slept in? It's noon, no one sleeps in until noon. ren.not.ben : really genhux2 : What? ren.not.ben : you've never slept in until noon?? genhux2 : No, I actually haven't. I'm not a heathen. genhux2 : I'm a useful member of society who has things to do before noon. ren.not.ben : like what genhux2 : Hmm let me think! Our project perhaps? ren.not.ben : oh give me a break genhux2 : You could have at least told me that you weren't coming to school today, so I could plan ahead. ren.not.ben : you saw what I looked like last night, did I look like I knew what was going to happen to me????! ren.not.ben : if it really bugs you that much take your skinny little fingers over to your email and send me what you want me to do I'm done messaging you right now kylo reynbow Today 1:17pm ren.not.ben : he's so fucking insensitive ren.not.ben : and he's definitely not fucking worried about me rey-of-sunshine : sigh… what happened? ren.not.ben : he fucking scolded me about our project!! ren.not.ben : as if! it's! my! fault! that my mental illness inconvenienced him!! rey-of-sunshine : that's really rude rey-of-sunshine : some people don't know how to handle and support someone like you after they've had an anxiety attack ren.not.ben : I'm sorry but that sounds a hell of a lot like an excuse rey-of-sunshine : I didn't mean it like that ren.not.ben : Okay whatever rey-of-sunshine : He probably just didn't know what to say ren.not.ben : I'm too exhausted and I've gotta fix my sleep schedule anyways ren.not.ben : so I'm taking more nyquil and going to bed rey-of-sunshine : at least ask your mom if you should do that rey-of-sunshine : your different medications could react badly ren.not.ben : good night rey rey-of-sunshine : I'm sorry, I'm just worried about you rey-of-sunshine : good night kylo [ EMAIL FROM ehux000 ] Subject: Project Instructions Here’s what you can do to make up th… [ EMAIL SENT TO ehux000 ] Subject: Re: Project Instructions you know what? fuck you hux Chapter 4 : EHH Summary: phasma gets real Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) phast dux Yesterday 6:32pm genhux2 : Phasma, I think I fucked up. genhux2 : Like, bad. Today 8:20am phasmom : whatever it is, it can't be that bad genhux2 : You don’t even know what I did. phasmom : what did you do? genhux2 : I fucked up. phasmom : i’ve got that part genhux2 : So, quick background information. I'm really forgetful sometimes. phasmom : yep I know genhux2 : And I get really focused on some things at times. genhux2 : So, with that information in mind... genhux2 : I forgot about my ordeal with Kylo the other day. genhux2 : I fucking forgot. genhux2 : I was so focused on our project and I was really angry that he wasn't at school yesterday so I scolded him. genhux2 : And he told me “if it really bugs you that much take your skinny little fingers over to your email and send me what you want me to do.” phasmom : hux you better not be telling me you did that genhux2 : I feel terrible about it now. phasmom : as you should genhux2 : What do I do? phasmom : i know you won't like this but phasmom : i think you're going to have to genhux2 : Do what? phasmom : apologize genhux2 : Oh, okay. phasmom : and then confess your love because honey you're in deep genhux2 : Don't do this to me. phasmom : you never think this much about people’s feelings genhux2 : I’ve also never fucked up like this Biography Project Chat Today 8:24am genhux2 : Ren? genhux2 : Are you there? genhux2 : I know you are, you didn’t turn off your read receipts. genhux2 : I fucked up and I take full responsibility. genhux2 : I was being… insensitive? genhux2 : And a jerk. genhux2 : Also extremely rude. genhux2 : And condescending. genhux2 : … genhux2 : Are you going to say anything? genhux2 : I understand if you don’t want to talk to me anymore. genhux2 : We don’t even have to do any preparation for our presentation, we can just wing it the day of. genhux2 : Okay, see you in English. phast dux Today 8:29am genhux2 : He’s never going to talk to me again. phasmom : what did he say? genhux2 : Absolutely nothing, did you not understand “he’s never going to talk to me again”? phasmom : he could be asleep again phasmom : maybe sleeping the day away is a habit of his genhux2 : I don’t know, Phas… genhux2 : I have to go. phasmom : okay hux Biography Project Chat Today 9:23am genhux2 : I really am sorry, Ren. ren.not.ben : yeah yeah yeah its fine whatever genhux2 : Are you sure? ren.not.ben : yeah ren.not.ben : thanks for going out past your curfew or whatever to return my bag the other day ren.not.ben : but id honestly just really like it if we pretend that that never happened ren.not.ben : or smth genhux2 : Okay. ren.not.ben : ok ren.not.ben : so i did the stuff you emailed me genhux2 : How did that go? ren.not.ben : wasn’t really that hard ren.not.ben : i fleshed out a bit of what i wanted to say for my part of the presentation ren.not.ben : i’ll send it to you so you can edit it and finish with your parts genhux2 : Nice, thanks, I’ll look over it right away. phast dux Today 10:21am genhux2 : Crisis averted. phasmom : really? that easily? genhux2 : He thanked me for returning the bag and suggested we never mention it again. genhux2 : Which I am very much on board of doing. phasmom : well at least you guys worked it out? phasmom : I mean, that’s a very half-assed way of doing it, but I’ll take it genhux2 : You know, despite your username, you’re not actually my mother? genhux2 : So it really doesn’t matter if you would have “taken it” or not. phasmom : yet you still did as you were told and apologized to your partner genhux2 : I apologized because it was my only option, don’t twist my actions into something their not. phasmom : it’s okay, you don’t have to admit that you love me phasmom : however… phasmom : at some point you should probably tell kylo that you love /him/ genhux2 : I’m not in love with Kylo Ren. phasmom : okay hux phasmom : but just remember phasmom : “I’m not in love with Kylo Ren” is only three letters away from “I’m in love with Kylo Ren” genhux2 : That is not substantial evidence. phasmom named the conversation “denial squad” genhux2 : Are you serious. phasmom : I am so serious right now. genhux2 : Somehow, I don’t believe you. phasmom : I’m as serious as your love for your cat genhux2 : Don’t drag Millicent into this, she’s done nothing to deserve it. phasmom : okay, but seriously, i’ve seen how you act around people you crush on phasmom : last time you fell for someone, you talked to me constantly about them, got into a petty argument with them in order to get close, made up, and then dated for a couple weeks before they annoyed the shit out of you, you annoyed the shit out of them, and ultimately broke up genhux2 : That was a mistake. phasmom : well clearly. phasmom : but that’s what dating is, making a bunch of mistakes phasmom : sometimes those mistakes are what end the relationship phasmom : but other times, both parties learn from their mistakes together genhux2 : What’s your point? phasmom : my point is that phasmom : through my own observations, I can conclude that you are, in fact, feeling some sort of positive emotion towards kylo ren, and i believe you should hold on to those feelings and act on them genhux2 : That’s a wonderful point. genhux2 : It’s all true except for the fact that I don’t feel positive emotions towards Kylo Ren, so I have no feelings to hold on to or act upon. phasmom named the conversation “definitely in denial squad” genhux2 : You’re ridiculous, I’ll see you at lunch. Notes: 1) I'm sorry about the inconsistent updates. I'm not the best at keeping a schedule and hitting deadlines, especially when it comes to something creative. 2) I'm sorry about the short chapter lengths. Writing is still new to me, and it takes me a while to think about what the characters would do in a situation, instead of just me. I was also trying to push out a chapter for you guys so you wouldn't think I just abandoned this work. 3) Pokemon GO is super fun, so that's also another excuse for why this is being posted two months later. Chapter 5 : HEY Notes: introducing.... finn and poe I love them. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) kylo reynbow Today 9:25am ren.not.ben : i have never been more grateful for the weekend rey-of-sunshine : oh my god, I agree 100% ren.not.ben : what a fucking stressful week rey-of-sunshine : same rey-of-sunshine : hey, would you be interested in being in this group chat with me, finn, and poe? ren.not.ben : uh, I guess? are you sure they're okay with it? rey-of-sunshine : yeah, they're definitely fine with it, poe was actually just talking about how you and hux look like you'd be cute together ren.not.ben : omg add me to that chat I need to stop this homicide grandpa roast squad Today 9:29am poefly : And they match that light-hair dark-hair duo cliche that makes up every good pairing!! finnspire : you have thought about this way too much poe poefly : You have to admit that everything I said is true tho finnspire : I was convinced when you said hux blushed while teaching kylo how to google ren.not.ben : he did? finnspire : uh oh, you're in trouble poe poefly : He did tho! His face definitely got more red when he was handing back your tablet and your hands brushed rey-of-sunshine : Oh boy ren.not.ben : he was probably getting mad at me ren.not.ben : and it was pretty hot that day?? poefly : Whatever you say, prettyboy. I think you should go for it anyways, hux is pretty hot finnspire : really? I think he's average finnspire : then again, I've seen him during the early stages of puberty so maybe my opinion is biased rey-of-sunshine : I haven't even seen hux, so I can't offer any input ren.not.ben : he's alright finnspire : umm… finnspire : so Anyway finnspire : welcome to the chat ren.not.ben : thanks poefly : Yeah, hey!!! Welcome kylo poefly : … poefly : Nice intermission, guys let's get back to our discussion ren.not.ben : have you considered…. ren.not.ben : stopping the discussion?? finnspire : he has rey-of-sunshine : he's been taking short two minute breaks in between bursts of talking ren.not.ben : you can't have that much to talk about ren.not.ben : we’ve literally known each other for a week poefly : I've witnessed enough in this past week to write an essay poefly : Like how hux’s resting bitchface lifts a tiny bit when he glances at you from across the room ren.not.ben : wait whatt rey-of-sunshine : AW finnspire : hux reducing bitchface = heart-eyes emoji ren.not.ben : hux never looks up from his tablet during English tho??? poefly : Aand how would you think to make that claim? ren.not.ben : when I look around and stretch during class he's doing his work rey-of-sunshine : sorry but I'm sensing a hint of bs poefly : That's such bs you don't lift a finger when you glance at hux finnspire : kylo you might want to just drop this ren.not.ben : why are you even watching me so closely ren.not.ben : it's creeping me out poefly : All I do is watch the cute guys in class poefly : It's not my fault that the #3 and #4 cutest are sneaking looks at each other finnspire : (you're his type too kylo) ren.not.ben : shhh idc rey-of-sunshine : wait finn what do you mean (asking for a friend *wink*) ren.not.ben : reyyyy poefly : Lmao nice one rey finnspire : hux dated a tall dark and handsome type like you once finnspire : it was the shortest fling ever finnspire : he spent most of the fling complaining about (and to) the poor guy rey-of-sunshine : is that not what hux is doing to you rn kylo ren.not.ben : no it's definitely not finnspire : what's he doing right now ren.not.ben : wow would you look at that it's time to change the subject! ren.not.ben : what's with the chat name?? rey-of-sunshine : UHH rey-of-sunshine : don't be mad but while finn and I were researching grandpa rey-of-sunshine : we accidentally spent an hour making pointless jokes poefly : WE ROASTED THAT SOB! finnspire : *airhorn* R-R-R-ROASTED ren.not.ben : wow. rey-of-sunshine : please don't be too upset we were just poking fun ren.not.ben : it's fine I'm just tired finnspire : yeah rey told us about the all-nighter you pulled to finish the english project finnspire : I hope you fix your sleep schedule before monday Biography Project Chat Today 4:23pm ren.not.ben : hi genhux2 : Hello. ren.not.ben : anything you want me to work on? genhux2 : Not really, we’re basically done. ren.not.ben : um ok ren.not.ben : so ren.not.ben : do you have any hobbies? genhux2 : What is this, twenty questions? Yes. I do have hobbies. ren.not.ben : hey, I only asked one (1) question, chill maybe? genhux2 : You have more questions, though, don't you? ren.not.ben : well I have to follow up my first question with what are your hobbies ren.not.ben : unless that's? not? how conversations work? genhux2 : Ugh. Fine. genhux2 : My hobbies include homework and robotics. ren.not.ben : wow that's it? ren.not.ben : you gotta admit that's pretty sad genhux2 : If you’re going to start judging me on how I spend my free time, I'm leaving. ren.not.ben : well to be fair I'm not any better ren.not.ben : all I do is listen to music and ignore my responsibilities genhux2 : Fun. ren.not.ben : speaking of which, I'm really bored right now ren.not.ben : can I keep asking you questions or are you gonna yell at me genhux2 : I’ll answer three more questions. ren.not.ben : 1. who do you hang out with? genhux2 : Friends. ren.not.ben : if you're going to limit my questions you gotta answer better than that ren.not.ben : it's only fair genhux2 : You're annoying. ren.not.ben : thanks, I try genhux2 : Her name is Phasma. ren.not.ben : ooh “her” *wink* genhux2 : We’re not dating. I'm not into that sort of thing. ren.not.ben : 2. do you mean you're not into dating or not into dating a “her”? genhux2 : You are a child. genhux2 : But if you must know, I'm not into dating a “her.” ren.not.ben : 3. what do you do during lunch period? genhux2 : Depends on the day, really. Usually Phasma picks where we go. genhux2 : The order of your questions worry me. ren.not.ben : oh shit sorry I wasn't asking you on a date or anything genhux2 : Right. ren.not.ben : I was just going to invite you to join me and my cousin rey for lunch ren.not.ben : or something ren.not.ben : sometime genhux2 : I'll consider it, but only if Phasma can come with us, I can't ditch her. ren.not.ben : yeah that's fine with me ren.not.ben : so do you think we could do this monday? genhux2 : I think that’s your fourth question. ren.not.ben : damn Notes: go get him, kylo