Hoth Crushes Summary: You always had a crush on Luke and Han. Question was which guy you loved more Notes: Had this originally published for Valentine's Day (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) A loud yelp howled throughout the Hoth Rebel soldiers' quarters. Many of the soldiers gasped as what they saw before them. A few went "Ooooo!!!!" They were bouncing up and down upon the scene. One of the soldiers sitting on his bed before you laid a hand on his face, rubbing his cheek. The cheek was complied of a reddish handprint. "You didn't have to hit that hard," he growled, grimacing at you. You frowned at him. "You asked for it," you snapped. "I told you already once and I'm not going to repeat myself for it. For an army of soldiers, you sure do act like little boys on the playground." "Not my fault if you can't control your hormones around him," the soldier said. Two of the soldiers saw you prepare to raise your hand again. They were ready to intervene when you snickered as the soldier you slapped flinched at the rise of your palm. "Well, I guess that means you better watch out," you jeered. "Or this will be coming back to you again." The soldier nodded. "Ok, geez..." He then smirked. "But I still might inquire..." Your fingers grasped around your blaster. "...about if the drills are going to be around 3. Look at the time! I better check it out!" The soldier leaped out of the bed and marched right out of the room. Many of the soldiers did the same, leaving you with your friend behind. They knew better than to be around you since no one would dare lift a finger or attempt to sneak in on your conversation with your friend, concerning about the circulating rumor flying around the base. Apparently, someone had caught word of you confessing to your friend that you had a crush on someone here...someone of an elite status. They all turned to one another, wondering who that crush could be. This was what worried you a bit. As much as someone of the elite status could mean particularly anyone higher than a soldier, it meant though possibly someone most likely to be a significant leader. Though you were a bit skeptical as many of the leaders were all handsome in their own way. Most likely, everyone would think you were crushing on the ones advising alongside with Leia but you were just iffy about if they found out it was actually... "Hey, you ok?" your friend asked. You nodded. "Yeah, it's just...when he told me that he knew...." You rolled your eyes. "I got scared that he knew who it was. Well, I guess it really shouldn't matter. I mean, nobody really knows who it is...they're all just assuming that it's one of the leaders...but that could mean anyone." "But you're scared that someone is eventually going to find out it's actually someone that they never expected," your friend said. You sighed. "Yeah. I'm just...paranoid?" You shrugged. "(F/n), if you heard the rumor and I didn't tell you who I liked, who would you assume it to be?" "I honestly don't know," your friend said, thinking about it. "I mean, maybe Jerold since he's a bit of an expert pilot and I know many girls talk about him but he's not really your type either...it's a hard pick." "That's the good thing," you snickered. "It could almost be anyone. Though, I wouldn't mind if they think the answer is Jerold. He's not bad looking but...he's not the one I like." Your friend agreed. "Yeah. It would be really funny if they found out who you really like...but I think he won't be on anyone's top unusual ones. Everyone focuses on the most attractive, you know what I mean?" You gulped but nodded again. "Yeah." Thank the galaxy for that. Nobody probably would suspect even him to be the crush. Or err...crushes. It was in this case, you were safe to say that hopefully nobody would suspect that Luke Skywalker was the guy you were crushing on. Yep, the hero who destroyed the Death Star turned lieutenant commander had taken a hold of your woman heart. Even the rest of the female soldiers perhaps couldn't process such a thing like that to occur. He was cute but not hot material. Some of their eyes laid on the famous smuggler, Han Solo. Which sadly, you liked too. Luke, however, came to your mind one day as Leia presented him as the new lieutenant commander on Hoth. And all attention was centered on him. Han did from time to time drift on your mind but something about that farmer boy couldn't make you stop thinking about him. He was so different than what Han usually attracted the girls: all bad boy, handsome, rough, tough and cool. Luke was the opposite: cute, adorable, shy, courageous and determined. He seemed to have a knack for having a friendly approach, unlike Han who stared at you with what do you want? The light saber wielder had token hold of your mind, as you hoped and thought of ways you could talk to him. Only 1) you were gonna kill whoever heard about you confessing your crush and circulating the rumor and 2) what if he didn't feel the same about you? Obviously, as much as you sometimes daydreamed about Han, you knew there was no way he would return the feeling. Han liked his women hard to get, outgoing and confident. You were just shy of ever leveling up to that a bit. Not to mention, the whole thing apparently of him having a thing for Leia. Luke scared you. He was friendly and nice but you were frightened about if once you told him, he would reject you. As least not as mean as Han, but you felt in your heart, you didn't want to hear the words no from him. You wouldn't mind still being his friend but...these feelings you had for him...you were just crushed. Just like with Han. "I'm going out TaunTaun riding a bit," you said, heading out the door. "What? Really?" your friend inquired. "It's freezing outside though. There's suppose to be a snowstorm soon...I think it's best if we stay inside." "It's just for a bit," you said, genuinely. "Won't be long. If the wind picks up, I promise I'll come back." "Just be careful," your friend said. "Or if you don't come back, I'll have Leia send out a scout patrol and Han will rescue your butt." You laughed. "Ok." Your TaunTaun yelped as you pulled on the reins. You glanced around the landscape before you. It was the view of a wonderful white wonderland. No trees, for sure, but it looked lovely with the way the sun was high in the air, lighting all the snow and mountains in the distance. Behind you, stood the base, camouflaging with the environment. Sure, it was a frozen wasteland but it was also a delicate icy biome, its hidden gems of the chilly caves of the Wampas covered with the snow and light blue glacial walls. How would it become a soon to be battlefield between two warring factions, each thirsting for a control of the galaxy (well, mostly the Empire). Still, it was better in a desolate planet than have anyone harmed in a town. Especially considering how the Empire liked to deport its Stormtroopers in them to hunt for any Rebel spies. You took a deep breath of the icy wind that blew pass you. You shivered a bit from the cold, feeling your lungs warp the chill throughout your whole body. You prepared to pull your TaunTaun to explore some more when you spotted another Rebel trooper heading your way, on a TaunTaun as well. He had on his goggles, hiding his identity to you. You frowned as you remembered your friend's words upon her warning of the snowstorm and sending a scout patrol. Yet, there was no snowstorm approaching. So, maybe the Rebel trooper was scouting around on his own as normally what the Rebel troopers did out. Yet, he was heading toward you. Was it some sort of message he was going to send? You gulped, hoping that it wasn't what you thought it was going to be. The rider halted his TaunTaun as he was next to you now. He slid off his goggles. You recognized his face now. "Luke, what are you doing here?" you asked curiously. "I spotted a meteorite landing here. I'm out on a search to look for it," Luke replied. You nodded, holding tightly onto the reins. Of course he wouldn't come out here to check on you or anything. Why would you think that? He was a lieutenant commander. He had plenty of important duties ordered by Leia to conduct other than check on the scouting patrols or any Rebel soldiers roaming outside the base. "Well, I wish you luck," you said, smiling weakly. "Would you like to come with me?" Luke asked. "I could use a helping hand. Best off to be in pairs if anything happens, right?" "Well, if you would like me to," you said, unsure whether to go or not. You wanted to go to help but at the same time, you were a bit skeptical as to go with him. He probably wouldn't make a lot of conversation which was fine as he was mostly lost in thought still...you wished you could talk about things with him. "It's not that far off," Luke said. "Just a few miles away. I highly think you should but if you're busy or anything..." "All right," you said. "I think I'll go. Generals have me stuck in the base for way too long. A nice stroll sounds good." Luke smiled. "Ok, follow me." You followed Luke with your TaunTaun over to where the possible meteorite was. Surprisingly though, for some odd reason, you both looked all around the area but can't seem to find it. Luke pulled out his binoculars a couple times to scan the area. "Hmm, I could of sworn I indicated this was where it was," Luke said, frowning a bit. You shrugged. "Lost track?" you suggested. "Can't be," Luke said, shaking his head. "It was right at this spot that the meteorite hit." Your TaunTaun yelped a bit, sensing some sort of danger. You patted it down a bit and looked around, not seeing anything around you. "It's all right, girl," you cooed. "There's nothing here." You glanced back up at Luke. He had somewhat of a pouty face, his lips pursed as his eyebrows furrowed, puffing up into a small rage, shaking his head wildly. You couldn't help but want to giggle. He looked cute like that, all frustrated over where the spot was. Add in the cold, and he was a whirlwind of confusion, annoyance and shivers. It was adorable. "Puff anymore up, you'll be red as a tomato," you snickered, noting of his cheeks igniting. He looked over to you. "The coordinates are exact," he said. "I don't know why I'm not getting a reading or a clear though that it's around here somewhere. If it's not here, I want to say it's clearly right there..." He pointed to the direction. "Yet, I'm afraid that's not where it is." "Then I'll go and scan about," you said, walking your TaunTaun on the way over there. You felt his TaunTaun brush up against yours, following you. "Umm, you know I'll be fine on my own, right?" you said. "I'm just going to take a quick peek. I'll signal back if it's there." "And if something happens to you?" he asked. "Then I signal it," you repeated. Still, Luke was determined to follow you as every now and then, you peeked to see him riding alongside you. As you got closer to where the possible location was, you couldn't help but want to ask him something. Something that wasn't important right now...but you just had to get it off of your chest. "Luke...do you like someone?" you inquired, curiously. Luke's cheeks bloomed deeply crimson. "What makes you ask that?" he questioned. It was now your turn to almost blush as you tried to figure out an answer. "Umm, well, it's just...I see you talking to your co-pilots and buddies sometimes...talking about all kinds of things...rarely though, do I hear anything come out of your mouth about liking someone...as all the other guys admitted they like some girl..." Luke nodded. "To answer that question...I guess I kind of do. I mean, I can say Leia is pretty and all...but there is indeed someone that has caught my eye now." "Anyone I specifically know?" Luke thought for a bit. "She's a little quiet. Likes to help out a lot. Never is one for giving up. Also, she loves to fly a bit in her X-Wing." You sighed. That could be any girl in the base, even you. It would be a battle though of the thousands of girls to pick out one that he liked. And if you messed up your calculations, you would sure have a fit. "She has potential," Luke admitted. You frowned. "What do you mean by that?" “What I mean is that when I see her out training, she shows that she’s willing to commit and ready to do more acts to prove her worth,” Luke said. “She’s a hard worker and always looks for solutions to problems, no matter how small or big. She deserves to be promoted at least. Huh…maybe it’ll bring her closer to me.” You gulped. Great. Nothing like competition. Not really but still…whoever this girl was must be really lucky. There’s no way that’s me, you thought to yourself. You were a bit quiet, friendly, helpful and loved flying around in the X-Wing. Yet, the other stuff he said…was a bit off from you. You still had the qualities but the way he was saying them…it was like she put in more effort than you did. Least I’ll be his friend. By his side, you smiled, trying to think on the positive. Then, there was always Han…but that was a whole other ball game. “Luke…” There was the screech of a sound creaking. You glanced down at Luke’s wrist, noting the communicator. “Someone’s trying to call you,” you said. Luke went to answer it. As he did so, you snuck on over to where the meteorite was. Get a hold of yourself, (y/n), you thought to yourself. Don’t show off. Just do your job as you were told. Check out the spot and that’s it. Let Luke do the rest. As you approached the spot, you peered down to see something buried in the snow. You rode on over to it, glimpsing to see if anything else was there. Nothing. It turned out to be nothing but a rock etched into the snow. So much for showing off, you grumbled. You prepared to turn your TaunTaun around when it went wild, barking and shrieking. “Hey, relax,” you said, patting its neck. “It’s ok. There’s nothing there.” The TaunTaun continued to wrestle about, yelping and jumping at the fact that something dangerous was heading your way. You heard Luke yelling and glanced toward him. He was pointing and waving at something behind you. You could barely see him though as a wind kicked up, blowing snow across your vision. “What is it?” you shouted. A huge bellow roared behind you. You turned around to see a Wampa raise its arms and strike its claws at your TaunTaun. The TaunTaun soared down with you yelping as you felt its paw slam you off straight into the ground. Your vision collapsed into darkness as Luke’s words of your name faded from your hearing. You woke up to the sound of bones crunching and a growl. You groaned as the world spun a bit before realizing you were facing the ground. And it was somehow the world was upside down. You gasped as you saw that you were somehow tied up to the ceiling, your feet wrapped around with some sort of ropes and latched fast onto it. You reached up to pull at it but gravity forced you back down, leaning back, waving around like a ragdoll. You spied ahead to see the Wampa munching on some sort of meat, busying itself in its meal. Bones from its last meal laid next to it. You gulped. It was probably your TaunTaun it was feasting on. Please let that just be for lunch, you thought to yourself, hoping by dinner, you’ll be free. If you could. You didn’t recall if Luke was on his way to rescue you. If anything, he would certainly send out a team to come and kill the Wampa to get you. Hopefully, he’d did it by nightfall. You again pulled yourself up to grab onto your feet, ready to unleash the ropes binding you to the ceiling. Your back ached and you grumbled as you swung back down. The Wampa noticed you and growled. Your eyes widen and your hands gripped back for the release. Almost got it, you said to yourself as you dived once again. Your eyes kept peeking back to the Wampa, noting its rise and rush towards you. You felt a couple tears drain down your eyes as you plundered forward to your feet again. I don’t want to die. Please. I’m not ready to be eaten. You looked around your belt for your blaster but then saw it on the ground. Great. You saw the Wampa raised its arm and you shielded yourself with yours, scared to see. The Wampa shrieked as something ssslll echoed throughout the cave. You opened your eyes to see the Wampa’s arm laid down on the ground. Then, you were pulled with force from the ceiling into Luke’s arms. “Are you all right?” Luke asked, carrying you in a bridal style. “I’m fine,” you said, dropping down to the ground. “We should go.” You picked up your blaster and followed him out of the caves and back into the snowstorm. Wait, a snowstorm? “I can barely see anything out here,” you roared. You felt Luke wrap his arms around you, whether in for warmth or guidance or both, you weren’t sure. “We’ll make it through,” Luke said, his feet plowing through the deep snow. You saw him hold in his other hand, the reins of his TaunTaun. He lifted you up on it and led it throughout the storm. Soon though, he was getting tired, freezing from the wind and snow falling all around you both. You felt your eyes grew groggily and saw him let go of the reins and fall forward. You leaped off of the TaunTaun to help him but even somehow managed to trip, twisting your ankle. You landed forward, straight into the snow. “Ow!” you said, holding onto it. Luke turned to see you clasp onto it and sat beside you. “Don’t worry, you’ll be all right,” he mumbled, turning you around and slowly grasping onto your leg. “Luke,” you said, seeing him lift it up but then drop it down. He surged forward and laid right down next to you, his head against your chest, eyes closed. He was exhausted, exasperated from all the cold soaking up inside both of you. You blushed at the sight of this. You would have been nothing but happy to see him sleeping like this beside you but it was freezing and you were both going to pass out from the frozen temperature wrapping around you. “Luke, come on,” you muttered, trying to pick him up. You gently patted his cheeks in hoping to wake him up. He was passed out like a baby. You grumbled as you laid back down, searching around the snowstorm in hopes for anyone coming to find you. You weren’t sure how long you were gone from the base but it was probably long enough to make someone worry about you not returning. Luke's TaunTaun barked as turned around in the snowstorm, preparing to fall down, drained like her master. You sighed as you shivered, a chilly wind howling around you. You lifted your head up to see Luke sound asleep, his head sprawled on your chest still. You smiled as you ruffled your hand across his cap. “Whoever this girl is,” you whispered to him. “I hope you make her happy.” A silent tear burned across your cheek. Even if she wasn’t the right one for him, you would be there to support him. He was your friend. Your lieutenant commander. You weren’t going to turn your back on him for liking someone other than you. And if she was…you would still be there. Offering your advice and help. He would have done the same for you. You closed your eyes and turned your head to bury in the snow, hoping perhaps maybe that the snowstorm would replenish your feelings for him, wash it all away and reincarnate into only friendship. That had to surpass as a couple minutes later, you heard someone yelling. You looked around to see where it was coming from. Luke mumbled in sleep, calling out names. You saw in the far distance a TaunTaun heading over to both of you. A familiar figure was on the animal. You recognized it immediately. “Han?” you shouted. “(Y/n)! Is Luke there?” Han hollered, getting off of his TaunTaun. He raced over to both of you. “Yeah,” you yelled back. “What’s wrong with both of you?” Han asked, getting Luke off of you. “Luke’s passed out and my ankle’s broken,” you mumbled. “Oh great, just what we need,” Han said, seeing Luke mutter something in his sleep and quivering. He turned over to his TaunTaun who appeared to be about passed out as well. “And there goes my ride,” he grumbled. You sneezed, rubbing your hands against your arms for warmth. “Don’t get sick on me now,” Han frowned. “Neither you or him.” He reached over on Luke’s belt and pulled out his lightsaber. “What are you doing with that?” you asked. This didn’t seem to be like Han at all. Why did he need Luke’s lightsaber in the first place? “Sorry, but it’s for both of your own goods,” Han said, slashing the lightsaber across Luke’s TaunTaun’s belly. Its guts rippled out into the snow. Carefully, he pushed Luke into the TaunTaun. He raced over to his and did the same. Only you obliged not to. “No thanks,” you said, shaking your head and already rushing off to get away. Your stupid ankle made you stop. “Yeow!” “Sadly, it’s the only solution for now,” Han said, lifting you up and carrying you over to his TaunTaun. "Sorry, but warm hugs aren't going to get you warm enough, if you know what I mean." You struggled in his grip, waving about to do anything but be dared pushed into a dead animal’s belly. Still, somehow, Han pushed you in now, and you were comforted inside the TaunTaun’s hide. It was surprisingly warm, but the smell…uck. “I swear, when we get back to the base,” you muttered, shaking your head, glaring at him. “I know, I know,” Han said. “I’ll allow you to drench me with your TaunTaun infused uniform.” You giggled a bit, sneezing once more. You eyed over to Han, snuggling up beside Luke’s TaunTaun, checking on him. You sighed. How did I fall for a sweet farmer boy and a ruthless smuggler? you thought. Your heart had known it wanted Luke, the kind-hearted soul who would treasure you dearly and protect you from a blaster. Your head told you Han, the feisty, rough free spirit who’s wise cracking and street smarts made you infatuated by him. It was a hard decision to make. You closed your eyes as the wind blew against you, falling asleep. When you woke up, you were on a bed in a shining white room with technology all around it. There were huge wrappings around your injured foot. You smiled as you recognized the familiar designs of the Hoth base. Your mind wandered over to where Luke was, hoping for him to be ok. Also for Han. Poor guy was freezing his butt off to save the both of you. Later, your friend came by and hugged you tightly, scolding you about the snowstorm, how worried she was and was on to the point of hyperventilating until a pilot had sent word of finding you. She asked what happened to which you explain to the best of your abilities about meeting Luke, the Wampa, Han and the snowstorm. You even secretly told her about Luke liking someone. Her eyes twinkled when you described her. She already knew the answer. "It's you," she encouraged. "(F/n), come on, there are millions of other girls like this here," you grumbled. "I'm one in the million." "Aww, come on! It's obviously hinted!" your friend insisted. "He was just playing you dumb to think that it's some other girl when it's really you. Maybe he's afraid that you don't feel the same for him." "And if I do and it turns out, he doesn't?" you asked, raising an eyebrow. Your friend shrugged. "I don't know. But something's telling me it's you. He wants you to know but if you don't like him..." You grumbled. "(F/n)..." "Hey, I'm just saying," your friend said. You and her heard the approach of footsteps coming toward your room. She snickered a bit. "Sounds like your boyfriend is coming," she giggled, heading out the door. "I'll go and let him know you've been dying to meet him." "(F/n)! Don't!" you bellowed. Your friend bolted out to the door and began to chat with someone. She snuck out her head back into the room and gave a wink with a thumbs up. You murderously glowered at her. "I love you too," she laughed, heading out once more. You groaned as you laid your head against the pillow. Luke appeared into the room, standing by your side. A small smile formed on your face. He looked fine. A few scratch marks were on his face but it was healing. Otherwise than that, he was pretty normal. "Here she is sir," C3PO said, extending his hand towards you. R2D2 strolled along his side. "(F/n) was right. She seems to be a bit more livelier now." "Hey, (y/n)," he said, taking a seat on a couch. "You feeling better?" You nodded. "My ankle's still killing me, but I'm fine. What's with your face? I never saw those marks there before." "Oh, before I rescued you, I got attacked by another Wampa," Luke said. "I brought it down but its claws managed to swipe at me a few times but I escaped and headed towards the caves." “Well, I hope they get better,” you said, your smiling widening when his reflected back at yours. Silence filled the room a bit before you spoke again. “Luke, I want to say thank you for saving me back there,” you said. “I…it’s my fault that I went way too far without you by my side. If you were with me, then maybe that Wampa wouldn’t have caught me and you’d still know where the meteorite was.” “It’s nothing,” Luke said. “It was either going to be me or you facing that creature. I honestly would have picked me to sacrifice. Better me than you as they say.” You shook your head. “Luke, no. You’re needed more here at the base more than anything. I’m just another soldier. I would have found my way out anyway.” Which probably was half-way true. You were on your way freeing yourself from the ceiling. Only, it seemed that fate wanted you to stay with the Wampa more than anything. “We can’t risk any more men or women to lose to Wampas,” Luke said. “You’re important here too. How else are we going to fight off any of the incoming Stormtroopers? For every Stormtrooper coming out, a Rebel can fight back.” You blushed a bit. “Wow…thanks, Luke. I’ll keep in mind to remember that.” Luke nodded. “Umm….you remember that conversation we were having about that girl I liked…” Oh great. Here it goes. He was probably going to ask you some tips on how to approach her. Or gain her affection as your positive side said, noting of your friend’s sureness. You tried to remain neutral. “Yeah, what about it?” He was about to say something when Han came into the room with Chewie and Leia. “Hey, kiddo,” Han said, shuffling a hand through Luke’s hair. “You feeling better? What are you doing in (y/n)’s room? Came to check your gal pal doing good?” He walked over to you. “As for you, it seems that you’re looking good as well…except for the foot part.” “Ms. (y/n), I forgot to mention the doctor said that the ankle you twisted isn’t as fractured as it would be,” C3PO said. “As long as you don’t lean any pressure on it, it should heal up in no time.” “Thank you, C3PO,” you said. “Well, you two little angels will be all patched up in no time too,” Han said, walking over to where Leia stood. “You sure you don’t want to admit that you can’t seem to get enough of me?” Han joked. Leia’s face morphed into rage and shook her head. “Sorry, laser brain, I think that head of yours is a bit too screwed on tight.” You and Chewie looked to each other, bursting into laughter. As much as Han was the one delivering the lines, it was hilarious to see him get hit back with a comment directing at his not so intellectual book smarts. “Go on and laugh all of it, fuzzball,” Han hissed. He turned to you with a I’m watching you as well. Sensing that something happened, you quietly asked, “What happen?” “Well, me and Leia got a little thing going on in the South Passage,” Han said. “It was there she admitted all of her undying love for me.” “What?” Leia snapped. Her face transformed into full on anger now. “You stuck up, half-witted scruffy-looking nerf herder!” Han quickly turned over to her. “Scruffy-looking?” he questioned. “You sure you don’t mean the word gorgeous?” Leia stood silent a bit. You couldn’t help but wanted to laugh at the scene before you. “Looks like you almost hit close to the mark for her to get riled up like that,” Han directed at Luke. Leia took a deep breath before marching over to where Luke sat. “Looks like you don’t know everything about women yet,” she said. She leaned towards Luke’s face and kissed his mouth. Your heart immediately began to break into two seeing this. You knew deep down it wasn’t possible for Leia to have feelings for Luke. The act was nothing but a show-off to Han. Still, it made you feel a bit queasy watching her do that. Leia whipped over to Han with a sneer on her face. Han nodded. “All right,” he said. “Two can play at that game.” You frowned and turned to Luke who was still a bit smitten by the kiss. You then felt something wet, moist brushed against your cheek and you gasped to see Han was giving it a light kiss. He smiled and turned to her with a take that. Leia gapped and zoomed her eyes at your face. “(Y/n), are you all right?” she asked. You looked up at her. “Huh?” “She’s fine. It was nothing. It’s not like I…did stuff to her,” Han said, waving his arms like he didn’t do anything. Leia glimpsed from him to you, watching your face turn into confusion. It was the mark of traumatization. Han kissed you. Not Luke. No. Han. Only it was meant to be a backfire at Leia. But it felt so…nice. What was going on? You glanced over to see the boys’ reactions. Han was directly gazing at Leia, proud of his work. As for Luke…his dreamlike expression formed into anger. He looked like he was about to lurch at Han and throw a knuckle sandwich. Leia sighed and flipped her arms up. “I think I’m needed somewhere,” she said, bolting out the door. The room became quiet again as Chewie’s barks filled the room. R2 let out a whoo upon the sight of seeing all three of you staying silent. “Umm, sorry for you having to watch all of this, Ms. (y/n),” C3PO apologized. “Master Luke, Mr. Solo? I think it’s best if we give (y/n) some rest. The doctor said rest was best needed in order for the ankle to heal.” “All right. See you around, (y/n),” Luke smiled, getting up from the couch and walking to the door. “Take care,” you said. You felt a hand soar into your hair and ruffle it around. “Stay good, sweetcakes,” Han said, winking, joining up with Chewie, C3PO and R2. You frowned a bit, appalled by what he just called you now. You heard someone come in. Your friend peeked her head at the side of a wall, mouthing at what happened. You gapped at your friend. “He called me sweetcakes.” Luke and Han walked down the corridors of the base silently, side by side. Each man was lost in thought, reflecting their thinking in their heads. Luke turned over to Han, sensing he was about to say something. “Still got a thing for her?” Han asked, grinning. Luke furiously glared at him. “What? Oh, come on, it was just a little smudge on the cheek,” Han said, pressing his finger to it like it was an example. “Nothing more. Sheesh. You that wild for her?” “You didn’t have to do that,” Luke said. “Ok, maybe I didn’t, but I gotta admit, she tasted a bit good,” Han smiled, licking his lips, snickering over the female Rebel’s face flushing at him kissing her. Luke horrifically looked at Han, gapping. “I…but…” Luke started. He shook his head and began again. “What about the thing with Leia then? I don’t understand…” Han turned to him, his grin widening. “There something wrong with having a dessert on the side sometimes?” Luke’s face altered to wrath, ready to hurl himself at the pilot and give him a bloody nose. What stopped him was taking a deep breath before he would really lose his cool. “Why do you want her?” he asked, curiously. Han shrugged. “As much as the princess got a thing, your gal sure does seem to have a cuteness. Not to mention, she’s a bit shy and quiet. I do sometimes tend to have a thing for the quiet ones…sweet talk to them until they open up, then that’s where you’ll find the treasure.” He paused a bit before adding on. “Of what she’s really like, of course.” “Do you think she likes you?” Luke asked, a bit frightened. “Kid, all I can say is, who can’t resist a handsome guy like me?” Han said, shuffling a hand through his hair. “Then again, I don’t know her type, so you're maybe the lucky one to go for it…” Luke sighed. “Well…I may not be a handsome, rough smuggler, but I’ll be kind hearted for her.” Han laughed. “If she’s into that.” He walked further down the corridor. “Han,” Luke began. Han turned around. “If she does pick you, don’t hurt her,” Luke said. “Please…she’s delicate.” Han chuckled. “And if she picks you, keep that arm around her tightly…you never know what could happen.” He turned around and began to walk again. “You know, I think I might stop by and check to see how she’s doing again later. Hopefully, she’s not asleep…” There was the sound of something being picked up and launched towards Han’s head. “OW! What was that for?!” Notes: This has a sequel called Love's Battle. Will be posted later on here. Chapter 2 : Love's Battle Summary: Luke and Han had enough. It's time for reader to choose who she wants. "For pete's sakes, (y/n), if you holler at me one more time yelping about your feet, I might as well drag you across the place," Han said, shaking his head at you grumbling about them. "Well maybe if you've picked up on the communicator once, we can find them!" you snapped, rubbing your ankles. You were with Han, traveling across the forests of Endor in search of Luke and Leia. A strike team had been made upon its mission to locate the generators of the Death Star II, to power it down and blast it, similar to the mission the original pilots made long ago. The beginning of the mission was to wait for Luke and Leia to lead the rest of the strike team in when they didn't appear yet. You and Han were now searching around for them, wondering where they could of gone. After traveling through a number of events from the Battle of Hoth, you last remembered journeying back with your friend on board a ship to get away from the Empire marching in. You at first wanted to remain behind, as you didn't see Luke anywhere around. You were beginning to feel a bit worried for him as he wasn't making any appearance. "Come on girl! We gotta go!" your friend hollered, pulling on your arm. "But Luke," you pleaded. "He's not here. He was suppose to come back. All of the pilots are. So why isn't he back?" "I don't know, maybe they got him or something," your friend said. "I'm sure he'll be fine though. We have to go! Now! Cause then they'll get you!" "But..." you began again. The sound of a blaster shrieking in made you reconsider your decision. You turned your head to see a group of Snowtroopers breaking into the door, raising their blasters up. Quickly joining your friend you got on board the ship and it blasted away from Echo base. It didn't stop though the concerns and worries about Luke. Or Han. Or even Leia and the rest of the leaders. Your commander had reported that they would be in hiding until General Leia had sent word of her safety and new plans. Still, you remembered pacing back and forth on the ship, rambling about what ifs and possible situations, frightened that they were true. It even scared your friend a bit as she tried to calm you down from hyperventilating crazily like she did when you didn't report back after hours of being away. Yet, you took a deep breath and hoped that they were all right. For now, you would just have to wait upon Leia's call of the next step and what to do. You couldn't recall how long it actually took but you remembered some more ships started coming towards yours and a report about General Leia being on Bespin. She was currently on her way back to them with a wounded Luke. No word on Han. Images raced across your mind upon the word "wounded". It really petrified you upon what Luke had possibly gone through in order for him to be announced as "injured". When the ships all aligned together, you rushed into the medical frigate, determined to find out what happened. You gasped as you saw one of the medical droids leaning over Luke, tapping its wire at some sort of prosthetic, robotic hand with a hatch detailing its machinery...he looked up at you, eyes widening at what you were watching. "(Y/n)," he said. Leia turned around as well, surprised that you were here. And at that moment, you fainted. When you woke up, you were in bed with your friend by your side, her face full of defeat but hopeful. You sensed that this wasn't just about Luke's hand. There was more to the story. It revolved around Han too. You couldn't bear upon hearing the news about Han being captured and Luke losing his hand to a battle with Darth Vader. Anger swelled in you at first, raging at Vader enough to punch him in the face for slashing off Luke's arm, hunt down this bounty hunter named Boba Fett who had custody over Han now, freeze him in liquid nitrogen like the Empire did with the carbon freezing and even just slap Lando silly for daring to betray them. Sadness then washed over, crying that the Empire had certainly won these battles, of destroying Echo base, hurting Luke and torturing Han. Yet, Leia convinced you not to worry. Lando was going to get Han back. Luke had a new arm now. And the Empire was going to pay for what they did. For now though, the Rebels would be instructed upon learning any new plans that the Empire would be making. Except, you wanted in on the mission. You wanted revenge for what the Empire did to your friends. Luckily, your friend convinced you to stay on the ship. Even Luke immediately objected before Leia could say anything. He had seen the vengeance in your eyes gleam and feared that you would get hurt. Persuaded by Luke and your friend to stay, you grumbly agreed, helping out with the rest of command upon researching the Empire’s next move. When they returned with Han (except without Luke AGAIN), the Rebels had reports in about the Death Star II being built. The Emperor would be there to consult it out. A post was stationed on the forest moon, Endor to watch over its construction. You and the rest of the Rebels then journeyed over to the planet, given new forest gear to camouflage with the environment. Upon hearing Luke return from his previous visit to someone, you were now with the rest of the group, forming a plan to get inside the post. Luke and Leia were leading another strike team nearby, hoping to distract the enemy. But it seemed that had to wait for a while as now your feet were getting sore from walking and the separation. You complained about your feet burning and needed to rest before you would trot on again. Han, however, was persist in looking for Luke and Leia, and no rest would be needed. "My feet are killing me!" you growled, sitting down on a flat rock. "Can't we just take a little break?" "And if we do, that'll only delay to find them quicker," Han grumbled, pulling onto your arm to get up. You flinched and yelped as he pulled onto it, making you stumble a bit upon the pull. "Ow! That hurts!" "It wouldn't hurt if you make a couple steps more. Then you can take your precious break and we'll be off," Han said. You groaned as you pulled your arm away from him. You then stumbled slowly over, walking like a turtle until Han turned around and shook his head. "Ok, do you seriously need me to carry you?" Han asked, raising an eyebrow. "I just...need...a little...break," you muttered, leaning against a tree, with one hand on it, the other on the ankle. You felt Han's shadow loom over you and turned your head to face him. He was standing really close to you, his body almost arching over yours. Your face immediately flushed but then glared as you furrowed your eyebrows. "Han, you're invading my personal space," you hissed. "I'm just checking to see how bad it is," Han said, acting genuine. His eyes zoomed over to your foot. "And to me it doesn't look bad, so you better hurry up there." You rolled your eyes as you now crossed your arms, jutting your hip to the tree. "And if I don't?" you snapped. "Then I will make you," Han said, his body zooming in closer, his face inches from yours. Your face went wild upon the blush of him being so close. He was so near you...You shook your head. You remembered that as much as he was one of your crushes, Han already had his eyes set on another woman. Leia. You recalled how you came upon them talking after his release from the carbonite and healing on the ship. They were so close together. It crushed your heart to realize how lucky Leia probably was. Then again, considering his past relationships with other women, maybe not. You then would remind yourself that there was another to lay your eyes on. Luke. Again though, when he told you about the girl he liked, you felt in your heart that it was not you. Your friend persisted that it was you, but you denied her claims. Maybe indeed you were like her in a way, but the level that this girl was on, was beyond your limit. Why is it that always girls like me end up falling for the guys that somehow get taken? you thought to yourself one time. Or the situation of your crush was worse. A girl falling for a rough, smooth smuggler and a sweet, kind farmer boy turned into a pilot hero now Jedi? You couldn't help it. There was just something about them that pulled you to them. And now, they both were falling for someone else. So much for being me, you thought. Then again, whoever knew if that girl Luke liked was actually you or if Leia got sick of Han's playing ways. Though, you wouldn't want to wish any of that on them except for Luke liking you. Still, if he liked someone else, you would be there to support him. "I'm assuming that's suppose to be a threat, eh?" you said. "Sorry, but even that won't work on me. Even if you pick me up and take me, I will not be afraid to hit you until you put me down." “I’ll take those chances,” Han said, smirking. “Just make sure you don’t hit the face.” “Because it’s too gorgeous to get punched,” you teased, remembering how he retorted Leia calling him a scruffy-looking nerf herder. “Yes, and I need it to see where I’m going to find Leia and Luke,” Han said. “So now that we’ve already spent a couple of minutes chatting, we’ll be on our way now.” You shook your head and stomped your feet down, noting of how red Han’s face was getting. He must have been really peeved that you were really delaying the mission. “I’m. Going. To. Pick. You. Up,” he said, his eyes grazing over to how to do it. “All right, all right,” you grumbled, getting off from the tree and already marching forward. “Sheesh. You know, I’m sure if you were the one with the feet, you’d be sure to stop and demand it.” “Well, sweetcakes, my feet aren’t hurting as delicate as yours are and I’m perfectly fine,” Han said. Your mind went into pause as your reflected on what he just called you. Sweetcakes. It was the same word he had said in the Hoth base. After ruffling your hair and telling you to stay good. Still, you gulped but reassured yourself it was nothing but probably an insult at you. “This weather doesn’t help either you know,” you tried to complain still, flapping your hand at your face for some air. This was somewhat true. Unlike the weather on Hoth which was freezing, Endor was humid, hot, the opposite. A few times, a breeze here or there came, but it then completely transformed into a warm, humid mess, making you sweat a bit. “It’s probably you,” Han chuckled, trotting into the forest. “Or it could be me.” You winced upon what he said but once again, took a deep breath. He was really on it now. These so called "insults" seemed a bit too….comfortable. Out of curiosity, you tried for a recoil. “Wait, break again,” you said, leaning over to your foot, rubbing it. You sensed him walking over to you, once again looming. You lifted your face up to see his eyes gazing right at yours, your cheeks burning up. Your nose was inches apart from his. He was really close to you… The fact that he was invading your private space, the humbling insults….what was going on? “Wow, sweetcakes, are you igniting with a fever? I didn’t know Endor can you make that hot.” If your face could blush any redder than it could, you’d probably be scorching now. What was really going on? Why was he acting like this to you? If Leia had seen this… You were about to ask what was up with…the flirting going on when you felt yourself being lifted up and you were staring at the ground, watching Han’s feet move. “Sorry, sweetcakes, you asked for it,” Han said, holding onto you tightly. “This is the second time you did that and I’m not waiting around for a third.” “You know you could of kindly asked me if I wanted a lift,” you grumbled. There was a light slap of something hitting you on the… “What was that?!” “That was a branch. I can't see with these things blocking my view.” But there were none though as the trees were very tall...You gulped and your face burned up to a fever. Something was so not right here…. After reuniting with Leia and Luke who were captured by Ewoks, you enjoyed a tribal gathering with them, as they confirmed they would be joining in on eliminating the Death Star and helping with ambushing the post. The Ewoks had at first mistaken the Rebels as enemies as they had seen the Stormtroopers already do away with some of them. They eyed the blasters the Rebels carried similar to the Stormtroopers and were bent on destroying them until finally a peace had been made to settle the matter and the Rebels’ true intentions. For now, they had welcomed them with a tribal ceremony of recognizing them as their friends. You giggled as you watched the bear-like beings dance around the fire, wearing cloaks and carrying around wooden staffs. You glanced at Leia who was enjoying the ceremony as well, her wardrobe changed from her combat gear to a lovely dress and her hair braided. You eyed Han near her, his hand near close to her. Your heart shattered as you remembered upon Leia happily seeing him and racing over to kiss him on the lips immediately. At least though, you helped Luke in untying him from being food. You then sighed and looked up at the night sky full of glittering diamonds, gazing around the village illuminated by the torches. The torches glinted the village with a fiery orange-yellow glow. It looked like some sort of fairytale before you, with Leia being the princess, Han and Luke maybe the heroes, the Ewoks being some sort of villagers and their staffs carrying a magical presence. The story was that the villagers and the heroes along with the princess were going to stop the evil villains’ plans from taking over the galaxy once again. You were playing the role of a soldier, standing with the princess and heroes in foiling the plans. You were given the minor role… Luke’s words though, entered your mind, reminding you how important you were on this mission. You smiled as you turned to him, leaning against a tree and watching the event. He sensed you looking at him and you turned your head quickly, hoping the fire would hide your blush. When the ceremony was over, the Ewoks allowed you all to rest before plans were made to see what would tomorrow would bring. You walked throughout the tree top villages, glancing at the Ewoks communicating with one another. Some were into their huts and others were swinging around from the trees. One of them even came up to you, carrying some sort of jewelry and a flower. He asked you if he could put it on you to which you agreed and he placed on you. You then touched where the jewelry was and the flower tucked behind your ear. The Ewok happily danced around, noting how pretty you looked with it. You smiled and hugged the Ewok, thanking it. You leaned over the railing of a wooden bridge, watching below some of the Ewok chiefs hurling around an open fire. You then were then called upon by C3P0, Luke requesting your acquaintance. You followed him over to where Luke was. Similar to where you were, he was in the same position, leaning over the railing and watching from another view of the Ewok chiefs. He turned over to see you with C3P0. “Hey, (y/n),” he said. He glanced over to his droid. “I’ll leave you two alone as you wish, Master Skywalker,” C3P0 said. He walked out of the way, leaving you with Luke. You walked over to Luke slowly, wondering what he wanted. He had been quiet throughout the whole ceremony, not really talking. Was something on his mind? It was a bit odd to you though that he would ask for you. Maybe it was… Calm down, (y/n), you said to yourself. Maybe it’s something else… You finally were standing next to him. “Something wrong, Luke?” you asked, cautiously. “Nothing really,” Luke said, glancing back to the Ewoks. He then turned to you and got up from the railing. Oh goodness…here it comes… “It’s just…I have something to do now,” he said, looking up at the sky. You gazed up at it, wondering what he was looking at. “What would that be?” “Facing my father.” You gasped but then shook your head. “Wait…what do you mean? I don’t understand…” Luke turned around to face you. He sighed. “Darth…Darth Vader is my father.” You frowned. “I don’t…understand. What are you getting at? You’re scaring me.” “I have to face him,” Luke said, getting closer to you. “If I don’t then everyone’s lives are threatened on here, including yours…” Your mind went into a flurry as you tried to break down what he was saying. “Luke, stop! You’re talking too fast. I don’t…what are you…” “He’s here,” Luke explained. “I have to face him. There’s still good in him. I can make him good again and we’ll be able to stop the Emperor. And it’ll also protect you and everyone else away from his wrath. Though if I don’t come back…I’ve always wanted you to know…” Your face morphed into disgust hearing what he was saying. “Luke…stop acting crazy. This isn’t funny. Are you running away? What’s wrong?” “Everything I’m saying now is true,” Luke said, a bit angry upon you not really listening to him. “Vader is my father. I’m going to try to turn him. And if I don’t come back…I want you to know that I’ve always cared for you.” The last sentence he spoke out were really fast and sudden. Your eyes widen at them a bit. “You…care for me?” Luke nodded. “I like you…I do. Everything about you…I like. When you first appeared to me, you were just a comrade and friend…but then I got curious and then…it just bloomed out of that.” You blinked a couple times before speaking. “Wow…so what you said on Hoth….that was all…me…” Luke took a couple more steps toward you. “I meant everything I said that day. I was a bit scared at first telling you because I was afraid you were going to reject me…I thought you had your eyes already sighted on someone else…maybe one of my pilot comrades…” You chuckled. “I thought you were talking about some other girl beyond my level…whoever knew I was already at that level.” Luke smiled and walked more closely. He was now right in front of you, just a couple inches taller, staring at your face. You felt your cheeks blush as jubilation erupted throughout your whole body, feeling joy at your crush admitting his love to you, a love that you could finally have that wanted you back…but he was going to leave… Suddenly, the merriment transformed into rage. “And you’re leaving,” you growled, remembering what he told you. “You’re telling me that you like me….and you’re leaving?!” Luke took a couple steps back, frightened by your sudden transformation but then reaffirmed himself. “I was afraid to tell you before…and I know I shouldn’t tell you now…but I just wanted you to know…” “To know that gee, a guy like you likes a girl like me to tell her what he felt for her all this time,” you sneered, imitating in a sarcastic voice. “Only to find out, oh no, I have to face my dad but hey, just before I go, I want you to remember this moment that I told you I like you and if I don’t come back, wallow in sadness at the guy you’ll never have again and will always remember the guy you liked ignoring you because you were afraid he didn’t like you back.” Luke now frowned. “No…I never would want that…(y/n), I…” “You know, Luke, maybe you shouldn’t have told me now,” you raged. “Because then I could have remembered you as the friend and comrade I had. Yes, maybe it’ll hurt not knowing that you probably liked me or what not, but at least I’ll go around happy to say that I knew the commander, Jedi and friend that I knew. But wait, no, I have to remember the commander, Jedi, friend and love that cared for me but oh no, I’ll forever bear the scar that he isn’t at my side because he had to take care of some daddy issues….” Luke furrowed his eyebrows. “If I don’t do this, who knows what he’ll do then,” Luke growled. “He’ll know that you like me. He can sense it. He’ll use you to get me.” “And you’ll know what I felt,” you hissed. “About your daddy taking away your girlfriend because right when you told her, her neck got snapped.” You felt your body stiffen a bit and you let out a whimper. Luke was grasping onto your arms tightly. “I want you to remember me in a good way,” Luke said. “That’s if I don’t come back…but that all doesn’t matter. I want you to know that you’ll always be in my heart.” “Luke! My arms!” you snapped, struggling to pull away. His grip was firmed strong on them. Luke noticed this and released his clutch. You pulled away from him and shook them free. You grimaced at him, half amazed at his love for you but half furious at his departure. You were frustrated. Why would he do this to you? “What’s going on?” You turned around to see Han strolling toward both of you. He looked from you to Luke, disgusted. His face then formed into a smirk. “So…you finally got her, huh?” You just frowned again. “What?” Luke walked over to Han, staring him down. “I did.” Han smiled. “Well,” he said, patting him on the shoulder. “I guess I get to keep Leia.” “It still makes no sense for you to want (y/n) when all this time you’re the one meddling with her…” “Kid, I told you already my reasons for it…” You shook your head and stared at both of the men. “What….I don’t…” “To break it down to you, sweetcakes,” Han said, turning to you. “Me and Luke have a thing for you. Made a bet on who will get you first. Luke won in the end it seems. Enjoy while you can though kid.” You scoffed. “Wait, you like me…and Luke….and he’s leaving…” Han immediately darted to Luke now. “Wait, you’re leaving?” he snapped. “And let me guess…you just barely told her…wow, great shot with that.” “All that matters is I told her,” Luke growled. “Might that happen the same to you tomorrow?” He neared his face toward Han’s a bit, challengingly. You winced and marched up to the men, waving your arms out. “Wait! I need a full explanation here!” You turned to Han. “You like me…but why? I mean with the flirting in the forest, I thought it was all just a play thing…and then Leia….” Han sighed. “Sweetcakes, if my flirting and name-calling didn’t get to you, it’s because yes, I do still like Leia but you…well, you’re something I’ve always eyed for a bit now. I just could never figure out who I cared for more. Something about you just drew me…and no, it’s not because Luke here was going to get you…it’s because…I just couldn’t stop wondering about you. I was confused on who to pick…and even still now looking at you…I want to know more but…I don’t know…” “And I’ve always cared, right in the beginning,” Luke explained. “And I was making sure that if he did get a chance with you…he won’t dare to break you…” “Like you did just now,” Han muttered. You saw Luke ball his hand into a fist. You shook your head and tried to calm the situation. “Guys…no…we don’t need any violence right now.” “Well, if we’re not going to duel, then what?” Han snapped, his fingers ready on his blaster. “You’re going to pick for us?” “Don’t talk to her like that,” Luke hissed, his gripping onto the lightsaber. You shuddered a bit, fear flooding into your system. This was getting way out of hand. Luke was maybe a bit stronger than Han with the Force and lightsaber, but Han was quick and sharp, ready to wield out his blaster. This wasn’t going to happen. It can’t… You put your hands on your head. “I don’t want either of you to hurt each other…but…I can’t…” Your mind swirled into confusion, unsure to pick between the men. “I’ve always had a crush on you Han but Luke…I like you too…but…” Blood rushed to your head. Your head ached with pain. Your eyes twirled around, warping you into a frenzy and frustration. It was so indecisive. “Han, please tell me you’re not doing this because of Luke,” you pleaded. “If you really like Leia…please…” Han sighed and stared right at you. Your heart gripped. He was telling the truth. “I don’t know yet,” he said. You grumbled and switched your vision between the two men. Why did it have to come to this?! Han, however, took notice of your somewhat tighten arms. “Did you hurt her?” he hissed, looking from them to Luke. Luke stared back with a cold face. Han’s hands were trembling near his blaster. “I’m not letting you hurt her again…” "And if you end up with Leia? You don’t think that’s going to hurt her more?” Luke’s shuttered around his lightsaber. You gasped and shook your head. “Guys, no! Stop!” You were breaking down now. You couldn’t decide. “I don’t know!” You dropped down to your knees and began to cry. You just couldn’t. Two men that you always liked. Two men that admitted that they cared for you back. Two men willing to fight for you. You couldn’t… Tears streaked down your face, hot and moist. You looked up to face Luke and Han, sprawling into a mess. “I don’t know,” you bawled. “I don’t know…” You heard someone coming from behind the men. Leia raced over to you, putting sisterly arms around you. She glowered at the men. “What happened?” she growled. “I…we told her that we like her…” Han began. Leia glanced at you crying and then at your arms. “Did you hurt her?” she snapped. “We told her,” Luke said. “Did you hurt her?!” Leia repeated angrily. The men looked at each other, then at you and to Leia. “I did a bit,” Luke said. “I gripped her a bit too tightly….” Leia shook her head, disgusted. “And you had to tell her before you go,” she hissed. She raised you to your feet and began to walk away. However, she bolted her head at Han. “And you…better decide what you want,” she raged. Han stood quiet. She then led you out of their sights, still crying in your hands. After a bit of crying, you told Leia and your friend about what you felt for Han and Luke. You sobbed about fearing that both men didn’t like you yet upon hearing your dream coming true about one of them now both liking you…turned into a nightmare. You apologized to Leia about Han. “Don’t,” Leia said. “It’s natural what you feel for him. I don’t blame you. In the end, it’s your choice. I will not punish you for what you feel for either my brother or someone I care for as well.” “But I….” “It’s your choice in the end, (y/n). Luke and Han may like you but you get to decide who will win. I don’t like that Luke told you right before he had to go…but still, if this brings you closer to Han…I will not be upset. Maybe it was bound to happen.” You smiled weakly at Leia. “Thank you…it’s just…I…” Leia nodded. “No worries. I’ll go talk to them as well now.” She then talked to both of the men and your friend waited until she came back, telling you what Luke and Han said. It was now time to choose. You sighed as you walked over to the hut where Luke and Han were. You shakily pushed on the door, making your entrance. You were still indecisive. You loved both of the men…but you had to choose. You walked into the hut, seeing Luke and Han glance up at you. You gulped and began. “I…don’t know…” you said, shaking your head. “I don’t want either of you fighting for me…but I don’t want any of you to get hurt…and if you leave Luke…and if I pick you Han…and then Leia…” You could feel yourself wanting to cry again. “I don’t know…” “And we’ll decide for you,” Han said. You immediately shook your head. “No…I don’t want any of that…” Han rolled his eyes. “Haven’t you heard the phrase, sharing means caring and caring means sharing?” You frowned. You’ve heard your friend singing something similar. “Huh?” Han turned to you and then to Luke, who was smiling now too. “We’ve made a deal,” Han said. “We’ll both keep you. Until though, if I do end up somehow falling for Leia more, you’ll get to keep Luke all to yourself. And if Luke…doesn’t come back…you’ll be free to want me…if you want that is…however, if he comes back and I’m still unsure…we’ll both cuddle with you.” Your frown held onto your face still. “But…what if…” You saw Luke come over to you and hugged. “I’ll always like you,” he said, smiling. "Even if you pick Han...I'll be there for you." You felt a kiss on your head. Your cheeks ignited, burning red. Han took you on the other side and hugged. His lips pressed against your cheek, on the same spot like he did on Hoth. You began to feel a bit warm. You saw Luke glare at Han to which he shrugged. “Hey, I didn’t do it on the lips,” he said. You then giggled and smiled. The guys that you always liked…were now both hugging you, embracing you in their arms. One was going away to end the dark forces, the other power down the weapon that would destroy the world again…who knew what tomorrow would bring…but for now, you’ll just enjoy the moment. You squeezed yourself together as you lowered yourself to the floor, carrying both Han and Luke down to your level. The men smiled back at you as they took turns nudging their head against yours. You giggled and loved the moment of feeling warmth and safety from the men you liked. Even later when Leia had come back to check on you, she couldn’t help but smile and chuckle at you laying your head against the wall, with Luke and Han still hugging you, each of their heads on your shoulders, sleeping. “Boys,” she said, shaking her head. Chapter 3 : Difficulties Summary: In an AU of where Kylo gives in to the light, he finds himself growing close to reader. How will Poe respond to it though? As you were walking down the corridors, you couldn't help but notice someone standing alongside a wall, in a meditative state. When you got closer, you ducked behind some cargo and peeked your head out, making sure that he didn't see you. He probably did by reading your mind, but he seemed to be focusing on something else. You got up from your hiding place and tippy toed over to him, watching to see if it was ok to approach him. The figure opened his eyes and turned to you. "You can come up to me if you want, it's fine," the figure said. You cautiously then zoomed over to him and stood beside him. "Hey, Ben," you said. "You feeling all right?" Ben nodded. "I was just...thinking, that's all," he said. "Just still...you know. With what all happened." You nodded. "Hey, it's ok. I shouldn't have been here. You needed your own peace." "No, it's ok," Ben said. "I...I think I needed someone to talk to now. I felt it coming again...I thought I was about to lose it until I heard you coming. Thank you for...stopping it." Your cheeks blushed and you scratched the back of your head. "Hey, it's nothing," you said. "Remember, if you ever...feel the need to talk...your...I mean, Leia, said you can always go up any of the generals or her if you want to talk about it." Ben nodded. "Yeah...I just need some time still. That's all." You nervously nodded and clasped your hands together. "So...how's training?" you asked, kindly, staring at his lightsaber clipped by his belt. It still felt sort of strange seeing that Kylo...you mean, Ben...well, he was Kylo...anyhow, the once former Kylo Ren now transformed into Ben Solo. The Knight had for seen the error of his ways and now wanted redemption, attempting to get rid of the monster he had grown into. After he had killed his father, you along with everyone else, mourned over Han Solo. You could feel the anger and hate coming from some of the generals and other soldiers in ending the First Order, most notably, Kylo. However, you knew deep down, Leia knew that it wasn't his fault. The creature Snoke had created inside him was tearing him apart and he had to unleash it from taking over. Who knew what the monster could do if he let it linger any longer? As much as you had your own thoughts about it, all focus now had to be on finding out where Luke was. Now that BB-8 had the map along with the completion of it with R2, Rey could deliver the lightsaber to him. However, as she was completing her training with him, the First Order discovered his location and it was off to eliminate him. Kylo was about to do battle when he felt something inside him not to hurt Luke or Rey. He instead withdrew his lightsaber and Luke had seen all the hate morphed into suffering. He didn't know what to do. Luckily, they escaped with Kylo's help and they were back to D'Qar, hiding away from the First Order. Of course, not everyone was happy with Kylo's new sudden change. The first few days, he still walked around in his usual gear, trying to accommodate with himself. A few of the generals had demanded his exile, saying that he was responsible for all the mess in the first place. Leia defended her son, saying that he had seen the errors of what he had done. The monster would still take a while to tame. For now, he would wear that until he felt comfortable to rid of it. You remember how one time you were walking down the corridors of the command center, rushing off with some reports to the generals when you saw him staring at a window. You peeked at what he saw but then realized it was him he was looking at. The Kylo Ren he was, the one he knew. You stood back a bit, trying to give him some time until you accidentally hit your shoulder against a wall and ended up tumbling backwards, crashing on your butt. Kylo whipped around to see this, wincing at you. You glanced up to see him staring, feeling fear flood inside you. He's gonna kill me, you thought. You had feared that he would rage at you for interrupting his serenity. He may have changed a bit but it wasn't a full on change yet. Was the monster still inside? You attempted to get up but remember the reports you had to give. You raced to gather each and every one up. Your hand laid on one with a black glove stamped on it. You gulped as you shakily looked up to see the mask of Ren glaring back at you. Ren lifted the paper up and shoved it in front of your face. "I believe this is yours," he boomed, his robotic, eerie voice echoing through the halls. You nodded and took the paper from him. "Thanks," you whimpered. You collected all the paper up and noticed his hand was still out. He fiddled with his fingers a bit, offering you a lift up. You took the hand and was pulled up to your feet. You stumbled a bit as his grip was a bit tight. You felt yourself being leaned forward and you were against his chest, staring up at him. Your cheeks grew red hot and you pulled away quickly. "Sorry," you mumbled. You turned away and dashed off, still feeling his gaze glower at you. Later, you met him again, but without the mask. He was in the process of studying his new gear. It was similar to what he had but it was gray. His lightsaber was also tampered to green. His mask was settled down onto the table, staring at it. You could see the marks and scratches on the mask. As your eyes lingered on it, little did you see that he was staring at you. When you turned to say hi again, you jumped upon his stare. You immediately gulped and raised your hands up, as in a sorry pose. "Hi, again," you said. "Am...I interrupting something?" "It's fine," Ben said. "I was just looking at the new gear Mo...Leia gave me." He smiled. You felt that smile meant he recognized you as the one he bumped into earlier that day. For some odd reason, he felt that he couldn't call his family by the names that they were. It didn't bother them though as they understood it was part of him trying to change. You nodded and glanced at it. "What about the mask?" you inquired. "I'm keeping it," he said. "I feel like I need Kylo still...he helps me in keeping my power controlled and doing well in battle...but at the same time, I don't want him to take full control and start hurting everyone. Still...I feel that he is lingering away day by day...but has some hold." You gazed down at the mask. The mask glared back, as if it would throw itself at Ben and he would transform back into Kylo. You prepared to lay a hand on it when you felt your hand being gripped by him. "I prefer you not to touch it," he said. "It's....sort of personal." You winced and stumbled back to the hallway. "Ok...well, see you around!" With that, you speedily hurried out of there, afraid that you peeved him. Nobody touched his gear. Nobody. And now here you were, talking to him again. You were about to ask if he was mad at you for touching his mask when he answered it. "I'm not mad," he said. "It's just...that mask has been through a lot you can say. I feel that Kylo is where he stays in there. When I put it on, he enters my mind and we join forces in figuring out a compromise. But...he tampers every now and then to pull me away...I have a hold though now. He's not as powerful as he use to be...at least mind dominating." You happily patted him on the shoulder. “There you go, Ben!” you said. “You can do it! You just…you just gotta know that you can do it. Is Leia helping you out still? How about Luke as well?” “Unc…I mean, Luke says that I’m improving a bit. I do get a bit envious when Rey improves but I learn to push it back. I’ll get there soon.” There was a beeping sound on your wrist. You turned on the communicator. “(Y/n), report to command!” one of the generals ordered. “I better go,” you said, rushing out the door. “Hope you do well later on your lessons, Ben!” Ben nodded. “Thank you.” With that, you dashed out of the room and barged through the corridors, running to command. It wasn’t that you didn’t want to be rude or anything. It was just that, you still felt a bit unsure if you were talking to Ben or Kylo. Sometimes, you could totally see Ben. Other times, you felt a strange sense of aura looming around him, and you couldn’t help but book it. You didn’t know if Kylo was tamed or he would lash out at you. It also seemed a bit strange how he was able to talk to you as well. You once asked Luke about this and he shrugged. “You look at him different than the others do,” Luke said. “You…give him a chance. You see Kylo on the outside yet Ben is on the inside…you believe he has a chance of twining them together, to be able to be Ben and Kylo in different situations. And…I believe he senses it…about who you are too...that's why he's friendly with you...but you keep...” “Ok, I think command needs me,” you would then say, backing off from the conversation. As you walked down the corridors, you didn’t see Poe come up from behind you. “Were you talking to him again?” he demanded. You turned to him. “Yeah.” You could see he wanted to roll his eyes again. You in turn, rolled yours as well. You knew Poe didn’t like it when you would bump into Ben and talk to him. He still didn’t forgive Ben for what he did to Han. While he did see the improvements, it was like a part of him told him to remember that Ben had Kylo inside him…the monster that tortured him…the creature that killed Han. The torture he suffered through were like scars of the past. And he was putting them all on you. Which was fine and all, as he was your friend and even you would do anything to protect him. But this was ridiculous. “Poe, he’s fine, all right,” you grumbled. “I know that…you believe Kylo is there…but he’s a changed person. You don’t seem him try to hurt me or anything, do you?” “No, if he does though, I’ll be sure to get to him first,” Poe growled. You glared at him. “Are you jealous?” you asked. Poe’s eyes widen. “Jealous? No…” “Because you sure do look like you’re acting like it. I understand why you don’t trust him…but I’m willing to give him a chance. He’s confused, Poe. He needs help. He trusts me to maybe I don’t know…tame him a bit. People are like that. They believe in different people to confide their feelings to.” “How do we not though if he’s just waiting for you to fall first?” Poe stammered. “In fact, what if he’s just playing this game which we all think he’s this good boy, then the beast comes out and it’s, good boy, Kylo, you just wiped out the Resistance base!” “Aren’t you the positive spark?” “(Y/n)…I’m just worried, all right? I don’t want him to hurt you…like the way he did to me. If he ever thinks about whipping out that lightsaber…” You huffed. “You know, Poe, do me a favor and for once, help him out, ok? Stop making him the bad guy here. He’s no longer who he used to be. I get why you and some others still are iffy with him but for now, we need to focus on making him know that he’s getting better and not worse…do that, ok?” You angrily then stormed off, leaving Poe to sigh and shake his head, frustrated but concerned. You met him again while scouring for a report. On that day, one of the generals grumbled about missing a report. She kindly asked you if you could retrieve it. It was probably in her quarters, laying on the desk. You dashed over to the main quarters when you bumped into someone you didn’t see. You clashed against the figure’s form and fell back. You grumbled a bit and was about to tell off to the person when you opened your eyes to see Kylo staring at you. You gapped as fear morphed into your body. You then remembered it was actually Ben, just dressed as Kylo. Ben held out his hand and you took it, hopping back onto your feet. “Sorry about that,” you said, blushing a bit. “I didn’t see you.” “It’s all right,” Ben said, booming behind his mask. “My mind was also wandering on other thoughts….so in part it was mine as well.” You nodded and scratched your head. “Err, ok. Thanks.” You both stood silent a bit, glancing down at the floor. You then remembered the report and was about to blast off to get it when Ben waved his hand up. “Wait,” he said. “I…want to ask you something.” You stopped and waited. “Ok,” you said. “Shoot.” “Are you…are you one of us?” You sighed. You knew this question would come one day. You wished though, he would never ask. Rey knew too but she sensed not to. Yet, he did. You gulped. “Yeah…I am,” you said, bowing your head down, like you were ashamed. “Why aren’t you with me and Rey with Luke?” Dang, he was really asking them now. You looked up to face him. “Because…reasons.” Ben titled his head. “I’m better off as a soldier, Ben. I don’t think I’m up to be a Jedi or anything like that. It's just...it's not me, all right?” "But you have potential...and you keep rejecting it." "It's something I don't want to talk about," you finally said. "There's just things...that weren't meant to be." "Did M...Leia ever sense it?" "She did and inquired me about it. I told her...that my power isn't what she thinks it is. It's better off being kept secret. I just...rather not talk about it." "You...have a distant memory of something went wrong?" You bit your lip, annoyed that he could read your mind. Of course Luke and Rey did too but while Luke was to encourage you to put your thoughts aside, the moment Rey felt your presence of anger and resentment, she'd never did bother to ask why you didn't use the Force. "Just leave me alone, Ben," you hissed, finally turning away. "I...have things to do." You about turned around when you felt a hand grip your shoulder. Your eyes glanced up to see Ben's mask glaring at you. Behind the mask though, was the look of genuine concern. "Please, tell me what happened," he said. "I won't tell. Bottling up all the anger inside isn't going to do you any good." Dang, you forgot he was also good at reading emotions. You sighed as you turned around, crossing your arms. "Like naturally the Jedi were found, I was born with the Force. I don't know where, when, or even how...but I had it from birth." "Did your parents know?" "Oh yeah. They did. During that time though, with the Jedi extinct and everything, they made me hush up about it. So I was all out on my own, teaching myself how to use the Force. Luckily, there was also ancient books too that nobody couldn't decipher so I tried to use that knowledge to add to my training. I had a translator for me." "What happened though?" You signed as you felt your fingers grip tightly. There was the echo of a rumbling nearby but the room steadied itself once again as the shaking stopped. "I was with my friend one day," you said. "We were playing around. She was the only one I told her about the Force powers. She was like my sister. We didn't know that...there be danger. We were pushing around with one another and then...she fell. I tried to save her. I even used the Force with all my might and she...never resurfaced." A tear escaped your eye, reliving the haunting memory. "I thought what kind of friend am I...if I couldn't save her. Even if the Jedi were around...for them to see something like that...they would be ashamed of me for failing. I let my friend die...all because of these stupid powers, I could of saved her. No, she had to fall..." You hugged yourself, beginning to feel a bit hyperventilating over the memory. It haunted you to this day. Remembering the face of your friend as she fell. You using your powers to all your might. Then when you thought you just had it...her face disappeared from your vision. You then felt two arms wrap around you. You glanced up to see Ben's mask caressing against your neck, his body close to yours. You could feel the warmth of his hug, circle around you. It was the warmth of friendship and compassion. Even though you grew closer and closer to him by each day, you felt that maybe Ben wasn't that bad of a friend to have. Perhaps he controlled Kylo now. Maybe Ben/Kylo was someone he could maintain. And now he was offering his understanding to you. He was an empath after all. "It's not your fault," he said. "You did everything you could. You were young back then. You didn't know how to control it. You did the best you can to save her." And at that moment, you broke down. You wrapped your arms around him and sobbed into his scarf. "That’s why I deny it,” you bawled. “Why I can’t…I can’t afford to use it. To learn about it. How could I be gifted with powers when all I did was fail at it? Isn’t that supposed to be the code of the Jedi? To help people…and I failed?” "As I have said before, you were young,” Ben said, lifting his head up from your neck to look at your face. Your face was all red, with bloodshot eyes composed of tears falling down. You whimpered a bit at the mask but then remembered Ben was behind it. Nothing more than a young man who was afraid before, afraid of letting others down. Afraid of being seen weak, as what he thought other people would see. Maybe the reason why he joined the dark side…because he was scared. Just like you were. Scared of using your powers. Scared of another friend dying before your eyes. All because of your powers. You felt gloved hands touch your cheek, wiping away a tear. A small smile rose on your face. Little did you notice though, Poe was behind him, his face puffing up in anger. His fist was clenched, raging that Kylo was hugging you, that Kylo was comforting you. Kylo, the monster that killed many of his friends and tortured him, was oh so “supposedly” understanding what you felt about your powers. How could he have known to what it was like to lose a friend? You couldn’t help but want to lay a hand across Ben’s mask. The fingers glided across the top, pulling the cape down, sliding around all the cracks and scratches, down to what appeared to be a latch. Suddenly, you felt a hand grip on your wrist. Your eyes widen as Ben’s voice growled, “What do you think, you’re doing?!” The gloved fingers tighten around your wrist. "Ben! My hand!” you winced. You tried to pull away but the grasp stood strong. You could also feel the aura of darkness swirling around you. You knew then, it wasn’t Ben. Kylo lifted up your hand and pushed you aside, colliding you against a wall. You yipped as you felt your back clang with it. You rubbed it a bit, easing the sore. You heard footsteps marching over to you. You looked up to see Kylo predatorily pacing over. You crawled backwards, fearing what he would do. "Kylo...Ben..." you tried. "It's me. Stop it." He didn't appear to be listening. "I think I'll definitely enjoy this," he purred, whipping out his lightsaber. "Lay a hand on her and I'll blow that helmet off your head," Poe said, his finger gripped tightly around the trigger of his blaster. As Kylo turned around to face him, you couldn’t help but then pounce on him. He struggled to get you off. “No! Poe, don’t shoot!” you shouted. “It’s my fault! I touched his mask. I didn’t know that Kylo…” Kylo, however, jabbed you back with his elbow. You gasped out in pain and fell backwards again. You saw a shadow loom over you and Kylo was glaring at you down. A blast rang out. Whirling around quickly, Kylo caught the blast in mid-air. It zoomed back to Poe who ducked, nearing over to a wall. He turned his attention back to you. You rained down tears on your cheeks. It was all your fault again. You touched his mask. You should of known the minute he told you not to touch it. Maybe the beast was still inside. He was trying to control him from lashing out at anyone who touched him. And you unleashed him. You failed to obey him. Just like you failed to save your friend when she fell… These thoughts swirled around in Kylo’s head. Realization then hit him. “(Y/n)?” he called out. You shook your head and crawled back, frightened that Kylo was now pretending to Ben. Ben shook his head. “It’s ok, it’s me,” he said. “I…what did I do? I didn’t mean…I…” "Yeah, thanks to you bucket head, she got hurt,” Poe growled. “I always knew the monster was still inside you.” “Poe, stop scaring him!” you snapped. "Shut it, (y/n)! You knew it too! You thought you could have tamed him but deep down, he’s harbors the monster he created.” “Don’t talk to her like that,” Ben muttered. “I never want to hurt her. I didn’t mean to…I’m sorry.” “No, Ben, it’s my fault,” you said. “I touched your mask. I shouldn’t have. That moment you told me not to, I should of token the warning and wait until you were ok.” “I…I…” Ben began again. He twitched back and forth from you to Poe. Then, in a flash, he ran out of the corridors, mumbling, “Sorry to you.” You could of swore you heard him cry a bit. You got up to chase after him. Poe stopped you. “Are you hurt?” he asked, grabbing your waist. "Get off!” you thundered, pushing him away. “Don’t try to act like a hero now. You had enough honor for that.” You then stormed off, leaving Poe frustratingly wander about in the corridor, kicking a wall. After you searched around for Ben, you couldn’t help but want to report it to Leia and Luke. You rambled on how it was your fault and finally told them about why you hid your thoughts of not joining, why you felt you shouldn’t. “Ben’s right, it’s not your fault,” Leia comforted. “You were a child. You can’t blame yourself over an accident that occurred unexpectedly. Sometimes everyone’s destiny travels to different paths.” “But the past can haunt people,” Luke warned. “Then again, if you let it consume you, it’ll take over and transform them into something unstable where they won’t then be able to function to their present…” He looked at her like she knew what he was talking about. Rey, who was in the process of training with her lightsaber, stood quiet. She just nodded her head, knowing what you were going through. "Rey, you knew this too though,” Leia said. “Why didn’t you tell Luke?” Rey sighed. “Because…I couldn’t force her,” she said. “The memories I saw…they were terrible. I give her my sympathy but…I’m not going to let her do something that’s going to haunt her.” “Well, at least in the end, maybe perhaps Ben can comfort you with your past,” Leia smiled. “He seems to really care for you, (y/n). You too are linked by different pasts that you can share your worries about. And maybe eventually…if you want…you can be his Padawan.” "Well, in the meantime,” Luke said. “Just to let you know, (y/n), we’re here for you. Never think that what you failed to do before will happen again. Now that you’re older and understand, you can now know you can help out more instead of failing.” You smiled happily. “Thank you, master Luke.” You then continued on to look for Kylo, hoping to apologize to him. Soon though, you journeyed over to your room, tired and exhausted. Maybe Luke or Leia will then talk to him. The doors opened to your room and you glowered at the figure standing there. Poe waved his hand, a guilty grin on his face. “Hey,” he said. You ignored him and walked over to your bed, crossing your arms and legs. “Poe,” you began. “I’m tired. Please leave my room and wait until I want to talk to you. Now is not a good time.” "I just want to say I'm sorry," Poe said, sitting next to you. "I...I shouldn't of gotten in the way of you and Kylo...I mean, Ben, bonding. Though, he shouldn't of hurt you but...I can't help but..." "But what? Get angry over the fact that Ben understands me more than you?" you snapped. "I appreciate your concern Poe but...you act like he's a monster this whole time. He's not. He's changing. I see it. He just wants to better himself. He was scared like I was. He felt he wasn't good enough...like I felt I wasn't ready to use this power because of what happened to my friend...we were both scared. And now we get it. We understand one another. And you...get all hyped up over it." "Because I don't want to see you get hurt," Poe said. "And if I do, who's fault is that? Mine. I know things that tick him off. I thought maybe he was better but...the joke's on me now, all right? What he did...it was on me. Maybe he was scared. And you're just jealous." "Jealous?" Poe stammered. "Oh, come on, Poe. I see how you raise your eyebrows when he hugs me. When I laugh at his somewhat failed jokes. And you puffed up your face when he hugged…” The doors then opened up once again. You turned your head around to see Ben standing at the entrance. He had his mask off, clasping his hands fidgeting together. “Am I interrupting something or…” he said. “No, come in,” you said, patting the bed. “I was just explaining to Poe how I see you…and how he should to.” (To this, Poe rolled his eyes.) Ben walked over to the bed and sat on the other side. His fingers twiddled with one another for a bit before turning to you. "I’m sorry,” he said. “I…I’m sorry for hurting you. I should have seen it coming…and he came out. I get sensitive…when people touch my mask. I feel that…he comes out when they do.” "It’s my fault as well,” you said. “I knew that you were sensitive about that. It’s just…I wanted to see Ben again. Maybe then that Kylo and Ben…are one person now.” Ben turned to smile at you. You couldn’t help but smile and blush back, content. “I apologize too,” Poe said, nodding to Ben. “To both of you. I just…I was afraid you were going to hurt her. I guess she was right. I was jealous. You and her were always together…and I felt like a third wheel. And if anything were to happen to her…I wouldn’t know what to do…and you were getting so close...I just care for her a lot…” Your eyes widen at Poe. “You really do?” you asked. Poe nodded. “Yeah, you can say I’m crazy for you.” Your cheeks redden. “Wow, Poe…why didn’t you tell me? I mean…pff, I’m guessing you thought you weren’t pilot enough to take on a former Knight turned Jedi, huh?” “Well, he’s got points for that,” Poe said, looking at Ben who seemed to look defeated. You turned to look at him. “Ben, are you all right?” Ben sighed. “I’m fine,” he said. “It’s just…well, Poe’s right. He cares for you. I should just…” You tugged on his arm. “Oh come on, Benny! He just likes me. It’s not like he’s going to take me away from you either because he….” You then stopped as you heard Ben’s thoughts whirl to your head. Oh…he liked you too. “Let’s just say you sort of attracted me when we began to meet a lot,” Ben said, scratching his head, hearing your thoughts as well. “It’s like…you understood me. I felt safe and confident to be with you. You were someone I could go up to and care for me…and I wanted to return the feeling. I wanted to know more.” He glimpsed at Poe. “But…how can I when someone else knows more?” Poe shrugged. “Well, so, are we going to duel this out?” he joked. You jammed him in the ribs. “Hey! Let’s not get into that again, ok? You’re both awesome guys. You’re both my friends and…I would hate to lose either of you. I care for both of you too.” You saw both of the men turn to each other and smile. Then, surprisingly, you felt them kiss your cheek. You couldn’t help but form a big blush as you squeezed yourself together. The men then wrapped their arms around you, cuddling their heads against your neck. You rubbed your head each in turn to their heads. “So…I get to have two guys watch over my back?” you giggled. “A third if you count the other one,” Poe chuckled, nodding over to Ben. Ben rolled his eyes. “On land and air, we'll watch you,” he said. "Please, (y/n)...if you decide now...I'll be ok for whoever you choose." You were about to say something when Poe said, "Hey, who says we can't share? There's nothing wrong with sharing, right?" Ben shrugged. "I guess so," he said. With that, you laughed and snuggled up with Poe and Ben, happy to be between the two men you loved.