The throne room of the New Imperial Palace was a sight to behold. The walls were all made of transparisteel, giving visitors a full view of the Coruscant skyline. Pillars of white marble stood on either side holding up the ceiling where there was a skylight of coloured glass. Flooded with colour and light it was in many ways the opposite of Palpatine’s throne room in the days before the Galactic Civil War. At the end was the throne, also made of white marble, before the red and black banner that had previously stood for the First Order. In it sat Brendol Aodh Hux, Emperor of the New Unified Galactic Empire, wearing a uniform that was reminiscent of the one he wore as General, but was a brilliant white edged in gold and with a golden crown in his red hair. Hux smiled to himself. It was finally all his. After working all his life to climb the ranks within the First Order, after giving himself heart body and soul to the cause, he finally had achieved his destiny; to hold all the stars in the palm of his hand. The doors opened and Kylo Ren strode in, bringing coldness with his presence. The darkness of his robes seemed to be as a void, drinking in the light around it. He was without his helmet, he didn’t need it anymore, scar as raw and fierce as the day it was given to him. There were splatters of blood all over him, a terrifying sight when matched with the dark fire in his brown eyes. He knelt in front of the throne, eyes on the floor, and placed a black sack at his side. Neither said anything for several moments, Hux watching the controlled stillness that Kylo Ren exhibited. If Hux wished it Ren would stay like that for hours. The once unstable knight was now a being of pure power without any weakness or flaw. And he had been the one to help Kylo achieve it; not Skywalker, not Snoke, him . ‘Lord Ren, I hope my knight comes baring good news?’ Hux’s voice was quiet, calm, almost conversational in its softness, but the slight shudder of pleasure he could see go through Kylo proved that his words had been heard. ‘My most glorious Emperor,’ Kylo’s spoke reverently, ‘I have at long last defeated the remnants of the Resistance. We found their last base on one of the moons of Naboo, General Phasma’s forces destroyed what was left of their ships while I led the ground team to victory.’ Hux stood and walked slowly down the steps until he was in front of his kneeling knight. ‘What have you brought me?’ he asked, although he knew what was in the sack. This entire scene was reminiscent of when Kylo had killed Snoke, after the wizened creature had ordered his apprentice to kill Hux for his ambition, only to have Kylo Ren decide that his loyalties would be better placed elsewhere. He had laid Snoke’s severed head at Hux’s feet on the bridge of the Finalizer and declared his devotion to the true leader of the First Order. ‘I have brought you the heads of the leaders of the Resistance, including General Organa,’ he said it with no hint of regret or emotion, ‘FN-2187, the scavenger, and Skywalker. General Phasma also assures me that she personally saw Poe Dameron’s X-Wing obliterated in the battle.’ ‘Rise.’ Ren stood gracefully, but kept his eyes downward. Hux placed a gloved hand under Kylo’s chin and tilted his face up. As soon as their eyes met the battle lust in Kylo’s eyes softened. Hux’s hand moved to cup Kylo’s cheek and the knight pressed his face into it, as if drinking in the emperor’s touch. ‘You have saved the galaxy, Kylo Ren. You have slain those that would cause chaos in our Empire and would have destroyed me if given the chance. Now we can enjoy the peace we have always dreamed of, together.’ Now that the Resistance and the Jedi were no more he could keep his knight at his side, give him every joy and pleasure he deserved. He had promised himself that he would bind himself to Kylo when the time was right, and what better way to repay such as gift as the one that his knight had given him than with the emperor’s vow to love and honour for the rest of their lives? A slight smile flittered across Kylo’s lips. ‘Together.’ Hux wound his arms around Kylo as he brought their lips together, uncaring about the blood covering his knight that would undoubtedly ruin his uniform. Kylo sighed and relaxed into the embrace, resting his hands on Hux’s hips. The kiss was soft at first, full of gratitude and feeling and relief that Kylo was alive and had succeeded. It was the same kiss he’d given to Kylo countless times in their lives before Snoke’s death when the knight had gone on missions and returned to Hux. No one would think these two men could be capable of something so tender; but for each other they could. The kiss became more heated as Hux bit down on Kylo’s bottom lip hard enough to draw blood. Kylo pulled back sharply, but was smiling as he saw the blood on the emperor’s lips. He kissed Hux ferociously, desperately, as if he feared that if he stopped kissing Hux for even a second he would die. Hands roamed, frustrated at the clothing that was in the way. Kylo ground his hips against Hux slightly, taking the opportunity to kiss and bite at the emperor’s neck when Hux gasped at the friction. ‘Stop.’ Immediately Kylo stepped back, looking at the dishevelled state the emperor was now in. He couldn’t resist a satisfied smirk at the sight of the golden crown sitting askew, the kiss-swollen lips, and the stained uniform. Hux gave him a slight glare when he caught the look. ‘We will have to prepare to address the Empire and inform them of our victory. Our private celebrations can wait until tonight.’ Kylo bowed his head and took one of Hux’s gloved hands. He brought it up kissed it softly, formally, leaving an image of his lips painted in blood on the silk. ‘As my Emperor commands.’ They had done terrible things together; the stuff of nightmares. They had killed and maimed and destroyed all who had stood against them. The blood of their passion was mixed with the blood of battle and either would gladly do it again and again if their beloved simply asked it of them. Now with no one to stop them they could rule. It would be an age of horror, and the horror was for love. Notes: I felt terrible about killing everyone nice and good in this universe, but it had to be done. Title and part of the final line come from the movie Crimson Peak. Thank you for reading, comments are always appreciated.