Chapter 1 Chapter 1; Rey opened her eyes, very aware of her situation. The room was similar to the one on Starkiller base she had been in, the chair also, only dimly lit, she could barely make out the shape of a door. Wincing, as her head wound throbbed, pain shooting down her body. She and Luke had been surrounded, First Order solider's everywhere, how they had found them was a mystery. They probably found one of the few present to see the map and tortured them. Sighing, Rey struggled knowing it was hopeless. There was no guard to use her mind tricks on, no weapons, nothing. She suspected it was Kylo Ren who had taken such measures, either him or General Hux. It must have been hours before the door slid open. Five solider's entered the room, three holding blasters. One pulled out a box, inside a needle. She tensed, this was bad, very bad. Struggling once again, straining to get away from the needle, Rey was helpless as it was stuck into her neck, the transparent contents disappearing into her bloodstream. She felt the effects a few seconds later, the from began spinning, limbs becoming numb. Vaguely aware of her restraints being removed, Rey let her eye lids droop, part if her brain screaming for her to stay awake, another giving in. Rey was dragged all the way, not that she cared. Her wrists bound together, tightly. Lights flickered past her, they were moving quickly, stopping for a moment, Rey blinked profusely, hearing a door slide open, pay attention. Dread filled her, snapping her mind from its drugged state, horrified, her limbs stayed numb, she couldn't move. Dragged into another room, she was dropped to the floor, and left. A few minutes later, some feeling returned, her loosened muscles tightened. After many attempts, rolling over, she saw a window, a breath taking view if it wasn't for the hundreds of First Order battle ships in the way. She must be on the Finalizer. Her stomach rolled, bile burning her throat. This information made her situation seem even more real. Taking a deep breath, Rey calmed herself, turning her attention to the rest if the room. It was black, what a surprise, she thought sarcastically, there was a chair and a table in the corner. She waited, thinking. What had happened to Luke? Had he gotten away? Surely he had, or was he to slow? Panic and fear threatened to top her over the edge. No, stay calm, you would have felt it if he had died. More time passed, beginning to grow impatient, she awkwardly moved forward in her elbows, her legs not useful, she'd only just moved a few inches when the door opened. General Hux walked in. She scowled. His immaculate hair and clothing irritated her just as much as the smug expression he wore. 'Did I interrupt?' Rey continued to scowl. Smirking, Hux strolled further into the room, glancing out the window, Rey noticed how his chin lifted. 'We need some information, concerning you and that coward Skywalker.' Rey felt her anger intensify. 'How dare you call him a coward, you bastard!' Hux's face formed into a mask of fury, he stalked over to her, grabbing her neck, his face close to hers. 'How dare you.' His grip tightened, Rey lifted a weak hand, using the force to push him back, her still slightly drugged mind made it far more difficult. He grabbed her again. The door slid open once more. This time, she didn't need to see to know who it was. Kylo Ren walked in. His cape sliding along the floor, each footstep loud. His mask was almost identical to the one he wore previously, only newer looking. Rey scolded herself, she shouldn't be paying such close attention to him.'Careful Hux, don't damage her.' His voice was just as she remembered, terrifying, chills running down her spine, she peered at him. 'She disrespected me, why should I not punish her?' Hux snapped, his eyes not leaving hers. 'Because she's mine.' Rey's eyes widened. Hux's narrowed. Letting go of her, he sneered cruelly. 'Very well.' Rey did not miss the look Hux gave her on the way out. The door slid shut, her pulse quickened. Kylo approached her. Dropping down into a crouch, cocking his head, as a hunter might look at his prey, wondering how to proceed. 'Skywalker evaded our troops, tell me where he would go.' Rey's mouth parted, in shock, relief flooding her, he was safe, he had gotten away. 'I will not tell you anything.' 'We'll see.' Kylo Ren gripped her hair, where her wound was. Pain shot through her body, a scream tore from her mouth, claiming her mouth shut, Rey closed her eyes, trying to keep the tears from escaping. 'Tell me now, or I'll make this a whole lot worse for you, and a lot more enjoyable for me.' 'I don't know!' Rey tried to regain control. 'How can you not know! You where with him for six months!' A pressure pressed down in her mind, he was searching her thoughts. Panic and pain coursed through her. Rey knew he had found out her secret when his hand loosened, the pressure disappeared. Drawing back slightly, Rey kept her eyes shut dreading his next words. 'You dream of me.' Keeping quiet, she swallowed, shame burning her cheeks. Ever since she'd seen him, she'd dreamt of him, he haunted her in the cruelest way. Rey wanted him for some unknown and psychotic reason. Luke had often told her of a force bond, which allowed her to sense him more acutely, but he never told her what the full effects were. She had tried to convince herself that Kylo Ren was tormenting her through the bond. 'Stupid girl.' Ren gripped her hair again, tighter. The pressure in her head returned, more pain. After a few moments, the pressure eased off. 'It seems you are telling the truth.' Ren paused for a moment, as if wondering what to say, before standing and briskly walking to the door. As it shut behind him, Rey let herself slump back to the floor, exhausted. Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 Notes: Thankyou so much for the support! Xxx Rey woke once more in a darkened room. Hearing voices outside, she slowly lifted her self. Thankfully, the drug seemed to have worn off. Three troops walked in, roughly pulling her to her feet, fearing the needle, Rey resisted the urge to fight. This is not a good time to try and escape, just wait, she thought to herself. Obediently, Rey allowed them to lead her through the maze if hallways and rooms, ignoring the icy stares she was receiving. They arrived at a door, and they stood, waiting. A few moments later, the door opened and Rey's heart plummeted. The room was lavishly furnished, chairs, tables, food lay abandoned, only slightly eaten. This was someone's living quarters. Ren's to be precise. Kylo Ren emerged from another room, gesturing for the troops to leave. Once again, she was alone with him. 'Sit.' Rey continued to stand, her gaze landing on his trisaber, she shivered remembering the last time she'd seen it. 'I said, sit.' Something mentally nudged Rey, wanting her to sit. She ignored it, not allowing Ren to control her. He came forward, grabbing her by her arm, pulling her to the chairs and table, his grip like iron. Rey didn't bother to fight, she needed to save her energy for escaping. Allowing him to shove her into one of the black chairs, she watched as Ren sat down in the seat opposite her. 'Eat.' Another order. Rey's stomach growled, she picked up a oddly shaped red-green fruit, it looked similar to an apple, but wasn't. Ren, seeing her confusion took it from her. 'It's a pear.' Grabbing a knife, which was a lot bigger and sharper than necessary, he cut it up, then placed the pieces in front of her. Rey's mouth watered. Ignoring the voice shouting not to eat it, she picked up a piece and stuffed it, not at all gracefully into her mouth. Closing her eyes, she savoured the taste, jumping as Ren placed his helmet in the table.Rey let her eyes shoot to his face. A faint scar from his forehead to his right cheek made him look far more scary, but didn't effect his looks. Stop it, Rey turned her attention back to her food, trying to ignore Ren. Rey slumped back into the chair, rubbing her stomach. She'd eaten a lot. Ren sat there, picking at some sort of meat, not really eating. He watched her through slightly narrowed eyes. Rey had been wondering for the last ten minutes whether to ask why she wasn't dead yet and why he had allowed her to eat, but decided against it. She'd probably end up regretting asking. Work out a plan. So far Rey had come up with two possible places where she could make her escape, how ever, she didn't know anything about the ship, so she wouldn't get far. Maybe the next time General Hux pays her a visit, Rey could somehow get him to tell her. Kylo hadn't let her use a knife, he was too smart. Ren wiped his fingers, pulling on his gloves, he stood. Helmet in one hand. 'Come me with.' A threat was hidden in those words. Feeling nauseous, Rey followed him into one of the rooms. There was a blanket on the floor, some clothes and a canister of water. 'This is were you will stay.' Unlike the other room this had no windows. Ren placed a hand on her back, pushing her into the room. There were no lights. Rey tried to mask her emotions, do not let him see, she thought. Ren moved his hand to her elbow, pulling her back into the hallway. The next room, was a bedroom. A bed took up most of the space. Ren closed the door, a small beep meant it was locked. Ren moved into the room, placing his helmet on a small dresser, also shedding his cloak. Rey backed away, she couldn't hide her feelings. Kylo turned, smirking when he saw her blatant terror. Rey watched as Ren pulled off his trousers, his shirt already lying abandoned on the floor. 'Come here.' Standing in his underwear, Ren beckoned her forward. When she made no move, he repeated, his agitation growing. Feeling the nudge, Rey fought against it. Her breathing became laboured as she resisted. One of her legs moved forward. She couldn't resist. Gritting her teeth, she felt her legs I've forward. Taking her to Ren. He wore a triumphant smile, taking her wrist, tugging her roughly against his chest. Rey tried to ignore his bare muscled chest pressed up against her, tried to ignore the hardness pressing up against her stomach. 'Don't fight me, you want this.' Ren trailed his fingers over her cheek. 'No.' Kylo's fingers were on her throat seconds after she whispered it. Choking her slightly, he glared. They stayed like that for a few moments, then Ren loosened his grip slightly, the corners of his mouth twitched in amusement. 'I see. You want me to have you like care for you. You want me to be gentle with you.' He laughed. Rey pulled back, but Ren's hand moved from her neck to her waist. 'I'm not going to fuck you tonight.' Kylo, guided her wrist to his hardness. Rey tried to move her hand, but his grip became painful. 'You will do this. Or I will keep you in that room and feed you your friends.' Rey got onto her knees, hands shaking. Pulling down his underwear, she wrapped her hand around his length. She stroked him, moaning slightly. Kylo placed his hand in her head, avoiding her wound, she noticed. He pushed her head toward his groin. Rey closed her eyes and opened her mouth. A knock at the door resulted in her being pushed into onto the floor. Ren scowled. Pulling up his underwear, grabbing his trousers, he put them on, anger radiating from every pore. Unlocking the door, he stepped into the hall, shouting. Rey stood, looking for a weapon, his trisaber lay amongst his clothes, she couldn't take that, she needed something easy to hide. A few minutes if shouting from both Ren and General Hux filled the entire living quarters. Kylo stalked back into the room, ignoring her, grabbing his clothes and putting them on. After his helmet was on, he beckoned for her to follow. Rey followed, letting him lead her until the hallway, where Hux stood. Rey met his gaze, clearly he knew what she and Kylo were doing, or about to. Rey had the feeling Hux wanted her. Ren pushed her towards her room, slowly she walked in. The door closed leaving her in complete darkness. Chapter 3 : Chapter 3 Rey sat in darkness. Shivering slightly, she rewrapped the blanket more tightly around herself. Her eyes were sore from crying, and her muscles cramped. All she could do was wait. At some point she slipped into sleep. She dreamt of Kylo, he's lips on hers, soft. His hands trailing down her body, not leaving bruises in their wake. Rey woke as she heard footsteps, forcing herself to stand. The door opened, light streaming in causing her to blink rapidly. Two storm troopers entered, blasters raised, she considered disarming them, and trying to escape but the door to the quarters would be locked, not even wanting to consider the repercussions. Letting them escort her from the room, feeling the blasters trained in her head, Rey entered the main room. The dining table had been refilled with food, she smiled slightly when she saw a large pile of pears in the centre. Rey once again ate a lot. It seemed she would only have one full meal a day, so she slightly over compensated. The pears were just as good as yesterday, perhaps even better. The two storm troopers stood a few feet away, blasters still raised. Rey kept looking towards the door, half expecting Ren to burst in at any moment. As much as she hated to admit it, Ren was taking care if her, or someone here was making him. She had been informed that she was allowed four bathroom breaks and a shower per day, as well as one large meal and one other small one. Rey wasn't delusional, Ren didn't care for her, but he wanted her to live, live well it seemed. Her attempt at stealing a rather blunt knife wasn't successful, the storm troopers saw her and immediately ushered her back into the dark. Rey sat in her room. Trying to avoid sleep, she once again tried to reach out to Luke. Nothing. Rey couldn't help but worry, she would have felt him die, maybe he had been captured and Ren was playing some game with her. Once again there were voices somewhere in the living quarters. As someone got closer to the door, Rey realised it was General Hux. She didn't bother to stand, watching the door open from the corner of her eye. He was dressed in his black uniform, which was spotless as always, but something seemed off. Hux approached, watching her closely, as if she might attack him. 'Surrendered to us so soon?' His tone mocking her, Rey continued to pick at the threads of the blanket, pulling one loose. 'I was hoping for more of a fight, that's why I requested Supreme Leader give you to me, alas Ren got you.' He paced around the room, subtly moving closer. Rey wound the thread around her finger. 'But that doesn't mean I can't still enjoy you.' She tied the thread. 'Even if he doesn't want to share you.' Rey dangled the thread, imagining Hux choking. 'I'm afraid Kylo isn't around so I'm going to do what I want.' He was in front of her, still watching her. Rey let the thread drop, meeting Hux's gaze. Clenching her jaw, Rey pressed her hands against the floor, ready to push her self up. Hux unzipped his black trousers. Rey tried to stand but Hux pushed her back down. Rey felt a jolt of panic, stay clam, she told herself. Tell him to leave. Make him leave. General Hux stared at her with an unreadable expression, his eyes burning with an intensity that made her feel sick. He issued out an order to the guards outside, Rey watched in horror as they came into the room, locking the door and taking their positions. 'Can't have you using your tricks on me, can I?' Rey couldn't control them all, if she told Hux to dread them away, the guards would know and stun her. If she disabled Hux and maybe knew it her guard, she'd still get stunned by the other. She was trapped. In those few seconds Rey did the first thing that came to mind. She called out to Kylo Ren. The force bond linked them in some way that may allow her to reach him, he might feel her distress. But then, why would he help? Rey pressed her head firmly against the wall, watching as Hux pulled out his errection, taking a step closer. Ren surveyed the room, not paying attention to the current matter of the council, tapping a gloved finger against his helmet. General Hux was not there. Unusual. Sighing, Ren shifted stlightly suddenly feeling slightly uncomfortable, a mental itch he couldn't scratch. Confused, Ren let his mind open, feeling for the source of the sudden discomfort. He found the bond. He found Rey. Closing his eyes, Kylo let the all his mental barriers down. The torrent of fear, disgust and helplessness shocked him, Kylo jolted in his seat. The eyes of everyone in the council room turning to him. Ren left with out a word, hurrying to his quarters. Unlocking the door, he heard muffled screams, anger surging through him, Ren unlocked the door to her room. Rey fried to push him away, not aware of the footsteps elsewhere in the quarters. One of the guards was holding her hands and head still, whilst Hux tried to insert his erection into her mouth. She had bitten him the first time he tried, so in return he hit her head against the wall. The door opened, Reys eyes shut, he must have asked others to join in. A tiny glimmer of hope that Kylo would recuse her had faded. Then the guard holding her was gone, opening her eyes, she watched as he made choking sounds , distorted by his helmet. Ren. Hux stood back, pulling up his trousers. The guard made one last noise, then slumped to the ground, dead. 'Get out before I kill you.' Ren's hands clenched and unclenched. Hux so sit ran, he was terrified. The remaining guard had already disappeared. Rey blinked back tears. Kylo took a deep breath. Walking over to Rey, he pulled her to her feet. Inspecting the damage to her head. Hux had reopened her head wound. Purple bruises covered her wrists. 'Come with me.' He didn't wait to see if she was following him, she was clever, she what knew disobeying him now would do. Leading her to his room, Ren gestured her towards the bed. She looked shocked and scared. Well, more so than she had a few moments ago, if that were possible. 'You need rest, I will send for a med-droid.' Nodding, she climbed in. Ren liked her in his bed, finding comfort from him, that made him frown. He was supposed to use her. Ren walked hurriedly from the room, and into the main room. Grabbing his trisaber, he let out his fury.